Silver Bells, Golden Rivers (Christmas Special)

Author: Railgun-sama

*000*2014-12-22 16:20

Foreword: Hey! Remember my Halloween story

When I said "Oh yeah, I'll totally use these characters again for a Christmas story that hopefully won't be late."?

Well, I wasn't making empty promises. Here's a Christmas story with those characters that is totally not late!

Marisa let out heavy pants as she squeezed her legs together and tossed around on her bed.

“Stupid pervert! This is all his fault… ahh… but it feel so good!”

Crossing her legs and rolling over again, Marisa squeezed her eyes shut.

“My bladder’s so full, I can’t hold it!”

Marisa leapt off the bed and rushed to her bathroom, tearing off her pajama pants and peeing forcefully into the toilet bowl.

“Ha…. Ha…. So… so good…”

The young girl found her fingers exploring her crotch even after she no longer needed them for holding it to keep in her pent up flood.

Marisa was afraid of what she was turning into.

It had all started on Halloween when she wet herself Trick-or-Treating. Even though she was embarrassed when she wet herself, she had never once experienced such blissful relief.

So, not too long after, she began experimenting.

At first she convinced herself she was just trying to strengthen her bladder so she would never wet herself like that again, but soon she grew excited at the prospect of holding, and it made her feel good in a way she never had.

She was a young girl, but she was old enough where puberty wasn’t uncommon. Just as she was awakening a new interest, she was also beginning to awaken sexually.

All of this had led her to where she was now. That was, masturbating on a toilet after holding it in for hours and nearly peeing herself.

Once she finished up, she stood up, flushed the toilet, and looked at herself in the mirror. She glared at her pajama-clad form and gave herself a stern frown. She poked the mirror with a still-wet finger and placed her hands on her hips.

“You are not turning into a pervert, and you are DEFINITELY not thinking about your best friend’s older brother when you do stuff like that!”

She sighed and washed her hands before wiping off the sticky fingerprint and heading back to bed.

###

It seemed so childish to like Christmas; to enjoy the twinkling lights that decorated houses, to smile at the sight of a Christmas adorned with colorful bulbs, to hum carols to himself as he walked down the snow-dusted sidewalks of the city. And yet, despite how childish it seemed, Mataro would readily admit that Christmas was one of his favorites.

Even as Mataro walked down the overcrowded city sidewalks with his sister hiked up onto his back after a day of fruitless shopping for gifts, he hummed “Jingle Bells” to himself.

As the big bright sign labeled “West City Central Shopping Mall” and the large, multistory shopping center it was associated with, came into view, Mataro smiled.

“There’s the mall, think you could find something in there?”

Aka nodded, rubbing her eye sleepily. Presumably she had begun to nod off, “Yeah!”

As they entered the large shopping area, Mataro couldn’t help but gaze in awe at the simply gigantic Christmas tree that decorated the center of the mall. At its base was a man dressed up like old St. Nick smiling and waving to kids and parents, and the whole of the mall was decorated with golden tinsel and multicolored lights.

Mataro lowered his back so Aka could climb off and look around. He followed her closely and made sure to keep an eye on her as she bounded around the mall in search of suitable presents for her friends.

“Ooohhh! This would be perfect for Sam!”

To the second floor.

“Ah, it’s so cute! Lilly would love it!”

Back down to the first.

“I could get this for Mom!”

All the way up to the fifth floor.

“Dad said he needed one of these… I just hope he’s coming home for Christmas…”

Then down, one floor at a time, until they were back to the first floor.

“Hmmm….”

Aka looked around with a slightly concerned expression on her face, “I don’t know what to get Marisa…”

Mataro shrugged, “Well, what does she like?”

“Umm…” Aka frowned, “I’m not quite sure. She likes flowers, I think… but I don’t want to actually get her flowers…”

“Maybe we can find a flower hairpin or something?”

Aka’s eyes lit up, “Good idea! Thanks, brother!”

The two made their way into one of the jewelry shops to look for a hairpin with flowers on it.

“Hm… let’s see, is there anything like that in here?” Aka looked around, hopping from foot to foot as she did so.

Mataro, noticing this, decided to call it to attention, “Aka, I know you want to find Marisa a present, but if you have to go, maybe we should-”

“Aha!” Aka smiled, pointing to a nice looking flower-shaped hairpin, “It’s perfect, but… aww….”

Made from silver and with a golden topaz embedded in the center, the price was way out of Aka’s range.

Aka now had a hand jammed between her legs as she looked up at Mataro.

In truth, not even Mataro could afford it without sacrificing his wallet completely. He’d have very little to spend on anyone else.

“Come on, let’s go to the bathroom, then we can look for something in our price range.”

As they turned to put the hairpin back and leave, Aka visibly disappointed, a man wearing a black hoodie walked in, then pulled out a hand gun and pointed around the store.

“Nobody fuckin’ move!”

The man was wearing a mask and gloves, so no one would be able to identify him.

Mataro tucked Aka protectively underneath his arm and glared at the hooded man.

The man with the gun turned his attention to the cashier.

“Hold your hands up, you ain’t gonna be pushin’ no silent alarms, got it!?”

The woman behind the counter held her hands up high and stumbled backwards up against the wall of the shop.

An audible hissing noise made its way through the shop, and the patter of liquid on the carpet of the shop made the robber look down.

“Heh, that’s fucking nasty, lady. When you’re done wetting yourself, give me all the damned jewelry you have in that cabinet.”

Aka whimpered into Mataro’s side as she squirmed. The sound probably amplified her own desperation, not to mention she was probably just as scared.

The sound made the robber whirl around.

“Who the fuck was that!?”

Aka whimpered again and Mataro found himself staring down the wrong end of the pistol’s barrel.

“Aw, isn’t that cute, she your sister or somethin’?”

Mataro glared silently at the man with the gun.

The man, in response, held the gun off and let off a shot, causing everyone in the shop to flinch and lower their heads.

“I asked you a goddamn question, didn’t I?”

“Y-yes… she’s my sister…” Mataro answered hesitantly.

“Well then, how ‘bout we play a game,” The man smirked, “Ms. Pissy-pants here unlocks the cabinet, you bag the jewelry, I walk away with the loot, or…”

He pointed the gun at Aka, making her clamp her eyes shut and begin tearing up in fear.

“She doesn’t walk away.”

Mataro nodded.

“A-alright, I’ll do it…”

The lady behind the counter pulled a key from underneath the desk and began unlocking the cabinets one by one.

“Well, get the fuck over here and bag my ‘grocceries’ already!” The man held out a large canvas bag.

Mataro frowned. He had to get the gun off of his sister.

“Alright,” Mataro approached the man, slowly but noticeably reaching his hand into his jacket pocket.

The gun shifted from Aka to Mataro himself as the robber yelled, “Hell no, no funny business, alright!?”

Mataro charged the robber, reaching out for his gun arm. This was it.

Down was safest. This was the ground floor.

Mataro grabbed the robber’s arm and twisted it downwards as the robber reflexively let off a shot. Searing pain grazed Mataro’s leg, but otherwise the bullet mostly missed, embedding itself into the concrete below.

As Mataro continued to twist, he knocked the gun out of the robber’s hand and kicked it away, out of the reach of anyone nearby.

“The hell are you tryin’ to do, you fuckin’ kid!?”

Mataro was slammed roughly into the nearby wall, knocking the wind out of him. As he leaned forwards to catch his breath, he felt the robber strike him in the back of the neck. As much as he tried to keep his eyes open, Mataro couldn’t stop his world from fading to black.

“He’ll kill her.”

….

“He’ll shoot her in the goddamn head and it’ll be because of you, you shitty excuse for an older brother!”

….

“You’re weak! You’ve always been weak! You like to think to yourself as a hero, but really you’re just a cocky weakling!”

…. No …

“Huh? Did you fuckin’ say something?”

The robber was on his way over to retrieve his firearm when Mataro’s hand clamped tightly around his ankle.

“I said no.”

In Mataro’s mind, it felt like something had snapped.

He dragged himself up and smirked.

The robber’s face changed from one of anger to one of horror.

“W-what the hell are you… what’s… s-stay away from me, you monster!”

His eyes seemed not focused on Mataro, but rather, something unseen behind him.

Perhaps he was already mentally unhinged, and Mataro pushed him over the edge.

Perhaps the stress of the situation was causing hallucinations.

One thing was for sure, he wanted to get out as soon as possible.

“H-help me!”

As the man ran out of the shop, a swarm of policemen circled him and aimed their own guns at him.

Mataro smiled at the lady behind the counter. She had pressed the silent alarm after all.

As the adrenaline wore off, Mataro collapsed to the floor once again and slept.

###

“Mom! Brother’s waking up!”

Mataro opened his eyes to find he was in a hospital bed.

Mataro looked up to see his raven-haired mother looking down at him with a relieved expression on her face.

“W-what time is it? How long was I asleep?”

“About three hours,” his mother replied, “I’m just glad you’re okay! I heard what you did, you’re a hero!”

Mataro smiled.

The next thing he knew, his mother had flicked him harshly on the forehead.

“Oow!”

“Is that what you thought I’d say? Seriously!? Could you have been more reckless?”

“I… uh…”

“But you did protect your little sister, and you did stop a robbery. I am proud of you, Mataro.”

Aka nodded and smiled, “Brother, look!”

The hairpin Aka had wanted to get for Marisa was sitting in his younger sister’s small hands.

“The lady at the shop saw you holding it, so she said you could have it as a reward.”

Mataro smiled, “That’s great, and you’ll have presents for all your friends!”

Aka nodded, “Yep!”

“You’re pretty much fine, so we can take you home whenever,” their mother informed him, “Let’s go home, shall we?”

Mataro nodded, and they all made their way home.

###

“And then he stood back up and something incredible happened. He summoned an incredible, invisible ghost that only the robber could see. I could see it too, of course. In fact, the robber was so terrified of it that he ran out of the store without taking a single diamond!”

Aka, dressed in a red long-sleeve shirt, white pants, and fake reindeer antlers, smiled as she recounted her tale to her friends. They were all gathered around the decorated tree in Aka’s living room with empty cups of hot chocolate and plates that once held cookies. It wasn’t quite Christmas yet, but they would be busy doing stuff with family on Christmas day and wanted to get together beforehand.

Lilly, wearing a simple yet warm looking white sweater and brown pants, beamed at her friend, “W-wow… that’s incredible.”

Sam, dressed in a blue long-sleeve shirt and a hooded jacket, as well as a grey skirt and long white socks, pouted playfully, “I wish my big bro was that cool! Instead he’s just a NEET.”

“A Neat?” Lilly asked.

Sam nodded, eager to show off her knowledge, “It means Not in Employment, Education, or Training!”

“But doesn’t your brother go to the same high school as my brother?” Aka asked.

Sam laughed, “Sure, physically, but mentally he’s got his head in the clouds.”

Marisa, who was wearing a long-sleeved red dress with fluffy white trim and a very traditional looking Santa hat had enjoyed the story, as embellished as it was. Yet there was one part of it that made her curious. One part that, in her mind, had not yet come to it’s conclusion.

“S-so, what happened to you after that?”

“Hmm? What do you mean?”

“I mean, you said you needed to… ummm….”

Marisa blushed.

“Oh…” Aka blushed as well, “Well, I was kinda just so worried that I forgot I had to go at all, but then when the ambulance came and they told me to ride with them, I remembered. I just couldn’t hold it until I got to the hospital, and I wound up wetting myself.”

Marisa tried to hide a smile, “T-that must’ve been embarrassing.”

“Alright girls,” Aka’s mother poked her head into the living room, “It’s getting late, your parents will be coming over to pick you up soon. If you want to exchange gifts, you better do it now.”

They all nodded, and one by one they gave each other their presents.

“Thanks , Marisa!”

“Thank you for the gift, Lilly!”

“T-thank you, S-sam…”

“Alright!” Aka beamed, “now it’s my turn!”

Aka grabbed a green present with a red ribbon and handed it to Lilly.

Lilly opened it up and smiled when she removed a plush of a brown cat with tiger stripes.

“It’s so cute! I love it! Thank you so much!”

Lilly then handed a blue and white striped present to Sam.

Tearing it open with much enthusiasm, Sam was elated to find it was a volume of one of her favorite manga.

“I didn’t have this one! I had volume 1 and volume 3 but I could never find volume 2 Thanks Aka!”

Lilly then smiled and handed a small white box to Marisa. This box was the only one with a tag.

“From... Aka and Ma-Mataro!?!?” Marisa read aloud in exclamation.

Aka nodded, “This is what we were getting when we were in the shop. If it weren’t for Mataro, I wouldn’t have been able to get it for you.”

Marisa opened up be box, red as a beet, and nearly fell over when she saw the present they had gotten her.

“It’s… beautiful…”

He got it for you.

Mataro got you jewelry.

He… he… Wait, what am I thinking!? This is Aka’s present for me, not the pervert’s!

“T-thank you so much, Aka!” Marisa smiled, throwing her arms around her friend.

###

“Ha…. ha… this… again…. really?”

Marisa was sitting on her bed, bouncing up and down on her knees with one hand jammed between her legs. Because of her festivities, she still had on a fluffy red-and-white Santa hat and a pair of red panties. The rest of her clothes from the night had been cast aside.

“Ah… I’m so glad I decided not to hold it at the party, if I had gotten that present from him, I would’ve wet myself right there…”

Marisa glanced over happily at the silver flower hairpin she had gotten from her friend.

“A-ahh… I have to go now!”

Marisa, hit with an intense wave of desperation, shot up from her bed and bolted half-naked across the hallway.

As she reached the bathroom door however, the wave seemed to subside and she clenched herself tightly.

“No… no… I can hold it a bit longer!”

Marisa nodded and slowly pulled herself away from the bathroom. She made it back into her bedroom and sat on her knees once more, this time adjusting herself so she was sitting on her heel.

“Hmmmm…. Pee… peee… I have to peee…”

Scissoring her thighs open and closed as she squirmed on her bed, Marisa looked down at her half-naked form and noticed the visible bladder bulge she was sporting.

Looking at it made Marisa’s hold falter, and she shot up again.

This time, she stopped herself well before she reached the bathroom, only one thirds of the way down the hall when she jammed her hands into her crotch, danced around desperately, and wobbled her way back to her bedroom.

“AAAaahhhhh!” she moaned as she tried to find a comfortable position to continue her hold. She was getting to the point that every position put unimaginable pressure on her bladder, and she felt as though she’d wet herself any second either way.

Then she saw it. She had a small wooden chair in her bedroom that had slightly rounded but mostly square corner. She pulled the chair out and sat down on it, pressing her crotch against one of the corners to help her hold it.

“A-ahh… that helped a bit, but I have to pee so bad!”

As she tried to hold it, she could feel her fingers dance across her privates, sending tingles straight through her. Even though she was on the verge of wetting herself, she still couldn’t stop herself from rubbing herself a bit.

“So…. So good…. Ah…”

A spurt escaped into Marisa’s red panties and she stopped in her tracks. She pressed her crotch against the corner of the chair as far as it could go and wriggled around desperately until she was confident she was back under control.

She glanced at the clock. It was only 11. She hadn’t even been holding it for three hours, yet she was almost at her limit.

“Ha…. ha… I wasn’t going to pee until midnight, but I don’t think I can hold out that long…”

Even though she was back under control, she could feel that she had reached her absolute limit. If she held on any longer she doubted she’d be able to make it to the bathrooms before soaking her panties and the floor below her.

“Ha… ha… bathroom… I need to pee!”

She bolted once again to the bathroom and this time entered the room, catching glimpse of the porcelain bowl that would provide her with much needed relief.

She turned around and closed the door before squirming around with her hands jammed between her trembling legs.

“Maybe I can hold out a bit longer… I’m already in the bathroom…”

Marisa continued to squirm and pee-dance in place with her hands jammed against her crotch, nothing keeping her from the toilet but her own desire and resolve.

“I can hold it! I can hold it! I can hold it, I can-”

Another short spurt escaped, putting an end to all pretense.

“I’m at my limit, I can’t hold on any longer!”

Marisa, not even having enough time to pull her panties down, moved the fabric out of the way and sat on the toilet quickly, just as another spurt escaped.

Once she sat down, the floodgates were opened, and a loud hissing stream of golden liquid gushed out of Marisa’s aching pee-hole.

Marisa sighed in heavenly relief as she leaned back and let her bladder empty itself. Even after she had finished, she sat there, still and motionless on the toilet as she basked in the residual relief. Somewhere in there she was pretty sure she had reached climax without so much as touching herself.

After she flushed, she stood up, pulled her still damp panties back up, and splashed cold water on her face.

“Marisa, something’s wrong with you…”

As she headed into her bedroom, her own words hung on her tongue and she rolled them over in her head a few times.

She looked over at the hairpin she had gotten earlier and sighed contently.

Maybe there was something wrong with her, but that was just fine for now.

Woah! That serious bit in the middle there... I thought these characters were exclusive Holiday-fiction only characters that I don't write about anywhere else... That can't possibly be foreshadowing something of the contrary, right?

Right!?

