We all have secrets

Author: AlwaysPage394

*000*2015-06-20 22:21

I sat in potions class tying to look interested. My chin resting in my hand trying to look calm and collected. However underneath the desk was a different story. My pale knee was bouncing up and down causing my skirt to slip up my thighs. I was grinding my crotch Into the wooden bench beneath me in circles trying to massage my pee hole shut. Oh god I have to wee so bad. I stare at the dark eyes of professor Snape in front of me and he stares intently back. He knows what I'm doing and he likes it I know he does it's not the first time..... I let my mind wonder off to the first time I saw him.

### I ran through the dungeon corridors tears running even faster down my face like a race between myself and my emotions. I ran as far as I could I needed to find somewhere where people wouldn't see what I was about to do. God I was disgusting. My hand flew to my crotch as the first blooms of wetness showed through the pale pink cotton spreading as the cloth soaked up my wee. My eyes fell upon a classroom in the distance so I headed there. I stood by the door rubbing my fingers round my crotch to try and keep my pee inside. I checked my pocket with my other hand to make sure I had what I needed and burst in through the door.

At the back corner of the room was an armchair and that's where I sat. From my pocket I pulled out a small black box and flicked open the latch. Inside was my saviour. I rolled up my skirt exposing my thighs while grinding on the chair hoping to last a few more precious seconds. Once everything was in place I reached for the box and carefully picked up a silver blade. I adjusted it in my fingers them gently placed it on my right thigh but I didn't push yet. Then a shiver ran through my whole body as my bladder pulsed painfully. So I let go. My wee forcefully sprayed out of my crotch into my pink panties which were saturated. The warmth caressed my bum and started to spread across the chair.

As I released my wee I pushed on the silver blade digging it as far as I dared into my skin releasing all the dirty blood that was inside of my body. As I continued to urinate helplessly over myself I dragged the blade across my marred skin creating another red line amongst many. It was bliss. To feel my piss surrounding me and to see the pearls of blood run down my leg. Then it happened. I looked up. In the doorway staring at me with interested dark eyes was Snape. Except he seemed different.

He walked over to me and lifted my chin with his fingers wiping a way a stray tear on my cheek with the pad of his thumb as he did so making me look into his eyes. He closed his eyes and then the soft hiss off urine hitting his black robes was all I heard and in a moment of sheer lust I reached my hand out to cup his groin as his warm pee travelled down my arm dripping off my elbow.

Once he had finished he looked at me once more and without saying a word traced his hand around the plethora of scars and cuts across my thighs leaving a trail of my fresh blood behind his fingers. Then he turned and left the room...###

I flinched out of my daydream as another flourish of golden liquid met my fingers. I couldn't help it. It feels so good. The ultimate release being able to endure the torture of a swollen bladder while my mind begs to wee but my body won't let it then being able to release my pent up pee as well as release the blood that's cursing my body is a phenomenal euphoria.

Snape started to end the class I could tell he was curious about what I was doing because he was sat back behind his desk his hands placed on the desk in front of him staring at me.

The rest of the class was leaving but I dared myself to stay seated and I smiled at him.

"Professor. Please let me wee. I really need to it hurts. Help me"

I played it up for him after all this is the fun part. "Now now patience child" he smirked as he watched me squirm. I really don't know how much longer I can last every now and then another few drops of pee slip out of me "professor I need to do this now".

"Now child I haven't said you can now did I. No cutting either".

"But sir I can't I need to you don't understand" I tried to argue with him after all the cutting was what kept me going but I couldn't hold back my pee any more I tried to cross my legs but I could feel it forcing its way out and forcing past the tight hold I had of myself through my ruined panties and onto the wooden bench beneath me.

I looked and Snape as he closed his eyes while palming himself through his robes "professor I'm weeing it won't stop help me stop it" Snape didn't need to be told twice he rose slowly and swiftly walked over to my desk looming over me like a dark shadow when I felt his bony fingers running down my thigh to cup my womanhood. I pushed myself into his hand feeling the wetness touch my body and his fingers I managed to keep hold of some of my pee for a little before whimpering and letting the rest go. I kept thrusting myself at his hand until I was done. Then there were no words. He turned and left. And then I was left to clean up.

I stayed in his classroom for a while just thinking.

I remember the first time I knew I liked to hold my pee and then pee myself. I was probably about 4 or 5 years old and I remember being in dance class and watching one of the other girls struggle to get her leotard off in time and ended up completely soaking herself and it made my stomach feel all warm inside. I remember sitting on the chair in school pulling my jeans up into my crotch and thrusting my hips back and forward into them and it felt good. It still does feel good.

As for the cutting, it started when I was 10 years old when I would bang my head on desks and make myself fall over when I was angry or sad. It progressed from there I started to throw myself down stairs, I broke my wrist 3 times and then I started cutting and it was the best but the worst thing I ever did. I remember why i started to cut. They told me I was a freak who likes to wet themselves? It's not normal. Nobody likes you. Slag. Whore. Ugly. Fat. Weirdo. Cut for me. Outsider. Die.

Suddenly I felt the need to cut again reliving what's happened in the past isn't a good experience. I tried to pull myself back from the state of panic I was heading towards. When dark arms enveloped me. I crumbled. "Shh it's okay I'm here" that similar soothing voice filled my ears as Severus held me close "you don't need to do this to yourself" I cried more and more "please child, anytime you need to talk instead of cutting I'm here" this made me really mad so I shoved him away from me "you don't know anything. You don't know what it feels like. I need this" he said nothing only nodded and turned to leave me. Except on his way out he noticeably rolled up his sleeves while he had his hands behind his back revealing a maze of scars just like my own.

Every few days or so we would have a similar encounter but I really wanted to see him vulnerable and desperate so I had to come up with a plan. That evening I snuck out to his office and knocked on his door "enter" came the deep voice from inside that sent pleasure running through my body. I opened the door and he seemed surprised to see who it was "professor I've had an idea" he raised his eyebrow "go on" I sat on his lap facing him "well, I thought that I need some enjoyment" I moved my hand to press just where his belt buckle was.

I knew he was holding. He always does. I've watched him, usually he only goes for a wee in the morning then once again before he goes to bed unless he's obviously desperate and has to go during the day.

"Hold for me" I whisper into his left ear "show me what it's like to be desperate" I whisper again pushing at his bladder with my left hand. He grunts in pain as I lay my weight onto his lower stomach.

"Drink" I say passing him a mug of tea from off the desk. He doesn't protest he takes the cup and drinks it all in one go. I then refill the cup 4 more times and he takes each one willingly and by the 5th cup he's squirming underneath me "melody please I've got to..." he looks genuinely worried but I love it "oh sir come on I bet you're not even desperate." I push down again and he whimpers. My hands move and start to undo his trousers and then I pull them down to the floor revealing his white boxers with a coin sized wet spot on them "oh dear, did someone already leak a little?" I tease him then the wetness blossoms again. "hold it" I command.

I pull down his boxers to reveal his prick twitching with need as a golden bead of urine forms on the top I bend down to lick it up with my tongue. I press down hard on his bladder again and watch the white hot agony flood his body as a spurt comes out. He stands up and starts pacing around his desk drops of wee seeping from his beautiful dick constantly while I watch in ore of my potions professor.

"Pants on" I say breathlessly. He quietly obliges as I help raise his underwear back up while he is still leaking urine. I can now hear him under his breath saying "I need to wee, please please let me wee" it's so hot.

I pull his pants back up and try to fasten them but at that moment I realise that it's his downfall. His urine bursts from the tip of his prick filling his pants and caressing the back of his legs. I run my hands up and down him while rubbing myself. "pro...professor" I say trying to catch my breath. Then it's all over. "Goodnight melody"

*002*2015-06-22 06:29

Thanks. I wasn't sure on it either because I don't know too much about it but someone reccomended that I try putting it in :)

*004*2015-06-23 04:59

Thank you! It's only my first story and yeah I was thinking that but the self harm is going to kind of drift away to be honest to me it seems like it just doesn't fit too well but thank you just <3

