Teela's Shame

Author: mhenslowe

*000*2012-05-29 20:12

King Randor sat on his throne and looked down on Fisto, and repeated himself. “What do you want in return for helping us?”

Fisto’s eyes never left the king, and he stayed straight-backed and firm. “I want to see Teela micturate in her battle clothes. I wish to watch her make water on herself.”

“But that is preposterous! Teela is a valued warrior in this kingdom, and deserving of the highest respect. And,” King Randor leaned forward ever so slightly, “she is the daugher of Man-At-Arms. He would not stand by and watch his daughter be humiliated.”

“Man-At-Arms need know nothing of this arrangement. King Hiss’s soldiers are but a day from the castle. They would be here already if not for their insistence on marching on foot. If you want me to fight by He-Man and the others’ side, this is what I request. If you do not honor my request, I will not join with the Snake Men, or in any way interfere with your battle with them. I will simply retire to my home and wait.”

“You would allow this kingdom to be brought to the dust?” King Randor asked angrily, his brow deep and knitted with anger.

“I will allow nothing. I ask a simple thing in return for my participation. I have fought countless wars for you. I have stood by He-Man and repelled endless assaults, from Skeletor, from Hordak and The Horde, from all sides. I am not without flaw, though. I tire of these skirmishes. I only ask that I am given this one thing.”

“And what if Teela refuses?”

“That is her choice. If she refuses, this conversation is meaningless. If she is to do this, it must be of her own volition.”

“Don’t you see, though, that you’re forcing her hand? That she may do this solely for the sake of this kingdom, but be disgusted nonetheless?”

“If she does, your Highness, then I suppose it will show you the depth of her commitment. Speak to her. And then let me know. I will be in my home.” Fisto bowed fully, and then turned and left the throne room.

The next evening, Fisto sat in his common area, his eyes closed, deep in thought. A light tap on the door brought him to attention.

“Yes, come in.”

Teela stepped into the room. She was captain of the Royal Guard, a warrior in every way. She wore her one-piece battle suit with the little skirt, her long legs shaping down into her tall brown boots. Her hair was up, her slim neck exposed. There was much anger in her eyes, and a dot of color on each cheek. She had never looked more beautiful.

“You are a monster,” Teela stated, embers of anger on the edge of her emotionless tone. “To ask for something so base and disgusting as a price for your help is the lowest I have ever seen someone bow. You disgust me.”

“Are you here to submit to my wishes, or only to display your anger? Or,” and Fisto almost imperceptibly hardened at this, “are you here to fight me? Your temper is legendary, and you are very angry. Perhaps you plan to show me your refusal in a more…physical…manner.”

Teela shifted her hips ever so slightly and for a moment, Fisto felt the coldness descend on himself as he prepared to fight. All emotion, all thought, was instantly burned away. She would be difficult, she was faster than him, but if he…

“No,” Teela responded. “I will not fight you. At least not today. Aside from He-Man, you are Eternia’s greatest warrior. For that reason, I shall turn down this opportunity to try my hand. And also for that reason,” the color in her cheeks darkened a bit, “I will do as you have requested. It disgusts me to do so, but I will…do this thing for you. King Randor needs you. You must promise, however, on all you hold sacred, that this encounter will never leave this room. Your presence in battle will inform King Randor of the outcome, but other than that, this shall never be spoken of. Do you accept that?”

“Yes. I do. I only ask one more thing, though. Please take your boots off.”

Teela bit off a response and glared at him, but stood on one foot and pulled one boot off, and then reversed and removed the other. Within her boots, her feet were bare, and very small. Bootless, barefoot, she was definitely shorter.

Teela closed her eyes and her whole face reddened. Her hips moved forward and backward ever so slightly. All of her concentration was on her bladder. Several moments passed, and then her eyes opened.

“I don’t know if I can do this. I am an adult, and this is not something I have done in a very long time.”

Fisto stepped into his small kitchen and returned with a simple jug of water and a cup, placing both on the table in front of Teela. Her eyes narrowed, but she angrily took the jug and filled the cup, immediately downing it. She drank two more cups, still glaring at him.

“You say you have not made water in your clothing for a long time. When did you last do so?”

Her eyes widened and even more anger seeped in. “You are disgusting. I am NOT going to tell you when…that…last happened.”

“Maybe this is a bad idea. Perhaps you should put your boots on and leave.”

“But, this discussion was not part of the bargain! This is unfair!”

Fisto shrugged and gestured with his flesh hand to the boots crumpled on the floor.

Teela closed her eyes for a moment, biting back immense rage, and then turned to him again. “Two years ago, soon after I became Captain of the Guard, we were battling Skeletor and Trap-Jaw. Skeletor had just learned to harness the energy from the Tree of Vengeance, and it was a long and pitched battle. Midway through, I…developed a need. I put it aside and concentrated on the battle.” Fisto noticed that Teela was unconsciously moving her hips a bit, and moving from the bare toes on one foot to the bare toes on the other, pushing her toes into the carpet. “Once He-Man redirected the energy and defeated Skeletor and the battle was over…my concentration returned to my…need. The need was considerable. I made much haste to my room, but time was not on my side. I didn’t make it.”

“You urinated on yourself?”

“Yes! I peed down my legs and it felt horrible. And now,” realization came into her eyes and she stepped from foot to foot and bent slightly at the waist, “now I am about to do so again.”

Teela’s face went as red as a cujua plant, and she began bouncing and moving swiftly in place. Almost unmindful of him, she held her crotch and bent almost double, then straightened suddenly. Her eyes widened as a stream of pee shot out from around the crotch of her outfit, trickling down one bare leg. She bit her lip and then pee sprayed down both legs, rolling onto her bare feet and the carpet. She peed for about thirty seconds as Fisto ejaculated within his pants.

Tears in her eyes, Teela moved gingerly and picked up her boots. Her bare feet were damp, a sheen of urine covering them, so the boots remained in her hand.

Shame and anger filled her voice. “Will you fight for King Randor?”

“Yes.”

Teela marched out, walking spraddle-legged, showing Fisto the small soles of her feet as she left, banging the door closed.

Fisto pulled the small disks from the three hidden cameras in his home, thinking about all the times he would watch Teela pee. And then, he began strapping on his battle armor.

