Josh's summer

Author: RebelRebel

*000*2012-04-07 04:19

Josh walked up the pathway to his brother’s house, clutching his duffel like a lifeline. He nodded to his parents’ driver as the man left his big bag at the front door before going back to his car. The boy took a nervous breath and reached up to ring the doorbell.

The ten year old had been sent to stay with his two older brothers for his summer break because his parents had to travel out of country for work and they felt that it would be best for their youngest to get to know his older brothers better. His oldest brother, Jason, was a high school gym teacher and let their other brother, Alex, stay with him while he attended university. Since both his brothers were a lot older than him Josh didn’t know them that well and that was currently adding to his anxiety about staying somewhere without his mom and dad.

Josh looked up nervously when 19 year old Alex answered the door. The middle brother had the same bronze gold hair that his brothers had but was much leaner in comparison to his two brothers.

“Hey dude! Come in, come in.” Alex said, holding the door open while his brother stepped inside. “How was the drive over?”

“It was good.” Josh said, looking around nervously. “Mom and Dad say hi.”

“Yeah? That’s good.” Alex said, automatically crouching in front of his brother to help him with his coat and bag.

Josh smiled faintly at Alex as the older teen helped him out of his jacket and took his bag. He shifted slightly, bending one knee over the other. He had had to pee from the time he got off the plane but didn’t have the opportunity. Since then he’d had a two hour drive and now he was desperate to pee.

Alex was just taking Josh’s bag from him when Jason came in, smiling warmly at his youngest brother.

“Hey buddy!” The twenty five year old said, bending down to hug Josh tightly.

“Hi Jason.” Josh responded, hugging the Rugby player back and smiling slightly. “Thank you for having me.”

“Our pleasure bro.” Jason told him honestly, pulling away to look at Josh better. “You hungry?”

Josh nodded, looking around for a bathroom as he was lead into the kitchen. He really wanted to ask if he could go but he couldn’t make himself and his bladder throbbed painfully as a result.

‘I made pizza.” Jason told him as he helped the small child into a chair at the table. Josh smiled faintly and nodded, to preoccupied with his need to relieve himself to care all that much about dinner.

Alex came in from bringing the other bag in and started to pour drinks as Jason set the food on the table.

“We’ll give you a tour after supper.” He said, putting a glass of milk down in front of Josh as Jason cut the pizza.

“Okay.” Josh said. His brothers were nice and they all got along well when they were together but the boy was still nervous about being away from home for the first time without his parents.

Halfway through dinner Josh was literally the most desperate he thought he’d ever been in his life. He had stopped eating and was holding himself under the table as his legs bounced, trying to help him keep it in. he knew his brothers were suspicious and looking at him questioningly but he couldn’t bring himself to care.

His poor little bladder lasted forty five more seconds before the child felt his underwear start to get warm and wet, followed by his crotch and then the seat of his pants, a dripping now being heard on the hardwood floor as Josh continued to pee.

Josh made a scared little sound somewhere between a whine and a gasp as he wet involuntarily. His brothers were looking at him in convern, both trying to figure out what was wrong with Josh.

“Josh? You okay?” Jason asked carefully, studying his brothers facial expressions. The moment Josh was spoken to he burst into tears and covered his crotch with his hands.

Alarmed at the sudden outburst Jason jumped up and rushed over to Josh’s side, crouching down beside his brothers’ chair. Immediately he smelled the sharp scent of urine and looked to his brother’s lap. He gently pushed the chair back and pushed away Josh’s hands to confirm his suspicions.

“Aww poor Joshy.” He said, rubbing Josh’s back and then picking the hysterical child up and settling him on his hip. “Al, can you bring Josh’s bags upstairs please?”

Alex nodded, wincing when he saw the soaked state of his brother. He quickly took the bags upstairs for Jason and then cleaned up downstairs.

“S-sorry Jace.” Josh whimpered, holding onto his brother as they went upstairs to the bathroom.

“Don’t be sorry buddy, I should have shown you the bathroom first thing.” Jason said, rubbing Josh’s back as he carried the boy into the bathroom.

Jason was able to start a bath and hold his brother at the same time. When the water was at the right temperature he set the quiet boy down and helped him peel off the wet clothes. The teacher talked quietly to his brother to keep him calm. After helping Josh into the tub and then turned to leave the room to give the boy some privacy.

“NO!” Josh exclaimed, grabbing Jason’s wrist in his panic. “Don’t leave me.”

“Okay, okay. I’ll stay.” Jason told him, hiding his surprise as he sat down on the closed toilet lid.

By the time Josh was clean he was half asleep and was totally quiet. Jason helped him out of the tub and wrapped him in a towel before caring him into the guest bedroom and getting him to pick out some pyjamas to wear.

Once Josh was dressed and had his stuffed Tiger Jason set him on the bed, pulling out the story book from the duffel.

“Would you like me to read to you?” He asked.

Josh nodded shyly, putting his thumb in his mouth and sucking on it. Jason lay down beside him and opened the book, beginning to read evenly and calmly. By the time the man was done the first book Josh was peacefully asleep against his side, sucking his thumb and holding the lion.

A/N- First solo peice ever! Please tell me exactly what you think, constructive critisism=gold

*007*2012-04-07 18:47

Thanks so much for your reviews guys! I will for sure be continuing this :D

*010*2012-04-13 21:04

Once Josh was asleep Jason laid him down in the guest room and went back downstairs to clean up the mess. He was pleasantly surprised when he found the kitchen immaculate and Alex watching TV in the living room.

“Hey.” Jason said, sitting down beside his brother. “Thanks for cleaning up.”

“Hey, is Josh okay? And no problem, it wasn’t a big deal.” Alex said, shrugging.

“Yeah, he fell asleep while I was reading. Mom said he might be a bit nervous. Guess she was right.” Jason sighed.

“No shit.” Alex agreed. “Why do you think he never asked? He always seems fine at home.”

“He’s never really been without mom and dad before.” Jason pointed out. “Plus it’s a new environment and everything. He just needs to get used to us.”

“I guess.” Alex sighed. “I wish we could see him more.”

“Me too.” Jason agreed. “Hey, why don’t we go do something tomorrow? To help him get more comfortable around us.”

“That’s a good idea. What should we do?”

“How about we take him down to the beach? It’s supposed to be super-hot tomorrow and it won’t be busy because it’s a week day.” Jason suggested.

“That sounds fun. Can he swim?” Alex asked.

“I think so. If not it won’t be that hard to teach him.” Jason said.

After deciding when they should leave and what beach to go to the two oldest brothers headed upstairs to bed, hoping that tomorrow would help them connect with their youngest brother better.

When Josh woke up the next morning he had to look around in confusion before realizing where he was. The young boy sighed and went to lean back on the pillows again but jumped up in shock when he felt the wet sheets below him. He gasped and leaped out of bed like it was on fire.

He nervously sucked his thumb as he tried to think of a solution. Finally he found spare sheets and towels in the closet. He peeled of the wet ones and laid a towel down over the wet patch before remaking the bed.

After the bed was remade Josh dragged the sheets into the bathroom and locked the door. He peeled off his pyjamas and tossed them in the tub with his sheets. After wiping himself down and pulling on clean day clothes he went back and started to rinse out the sheets.

After the sheets and nightclothes were rinsed and wrung out he carried them back to his room and into the closet. He had to drag the desk chair over but he managed to hang up the sheets and pyjamas to dry.

He was just shutting the door when his door opened, Alex standing there in a pair of raggedy old sweats. “Time to get up.” He mumbled sleepily.

“Okay!” Josh said quickly, grabbing his lion and dashing under his brothers arm and downstairs to the kitchen, leaving a sleepy Alex standing in his doorway.

A/N- sorry its short! Hopefully going to be able to post more this weekend! Thanks for all the great reviews (:

