Desperate girls bathroom line at school

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2019-03-15 07:17

I think I tried to create this topic the other day and got a couple replies, but somehow it got deleted (maybe because I edited it too many times which created confusion). So I'll try this one more time, and if it gets deleted, or I don't get replies, then it's just not meant to be.

Your middle school or high school school has a strict bathroom policy that says that you can't be late to a class more than once or twice per class per semester, and are only allowed maybe one or two bathroom passes per class per semester. So you are to use the facilities between classes, at lunch, before school, or after school. Depending on how many facilities your school has and how long passing time is, the bathroom lines may be too long to wait in line, do your business, and get to class on time, especially for the girls. What do you do? This scenario assumes that you are a girl and if you are late to your next class, you will get a 30 minute detention. Also, you can’t go to the bathroom during class or you’ll get charged with a tardy and have to serve a 30 minute detention. Asking the teacher to use the bathroom before class won’t work either, because you already used up any emergency bathroom passes you had during the semester (probably only had one or two anyway).

This scenario assumes that class periods are 50 minutes long, there are five minutes between classes, and three stalls in each girls bathroom. There are two or three sets of bathrooms, but trying to navigate from one bathroom to the next if the line is too long probably won’t work because it will take time to get to the other bathroom, and the line may be just as long there. Also assume that you can’t use the boys restroom because the line is too long in the girls restroom. In addition, also assume that you can’t pee on the floor, in the sink, in the trash can, in a bottle, on the desk or table.

Also, if there is a line, cutting in line is not allowed unless everyone ahead of you in line from the place you are to the place you want to cut into says okay (not very likely to happen). So basically, it comes down to waiting in line to pee (and probably being late), or possibly peeing your pants at some time within the next hour. Although doing #2 is a possibility, most of the focus is on #1 (peeing). Assume that it will take each girl at least a minute to do their business in each stall.

1) What would you do if you had to pee in the middle of class and your teacher told you couldn't leave, and you said it was an emergency and the teach told you it was a 30 minute detention if you left class to go to the bathroom?

2) Suppose your name if Tiffany and class periods are 50 minutes long, and you have 5 minutes between classes. You enter the girls bathroom about 2 minutes into the passing time, so you have 3 minutes left. Your next destination is probably about 30 seconds away. When you get into the bathroom, you see that there are 3 stalls all in use, and there are about 5 girls ahead of you in line. You are probably about 5 minutes away from peeing your pants (10 minutes at most). If you are late, or have to go to the bathroom during your next class, it's a minimum of a 30 minute detention. And asking the teacher first to use the restroom won't work. What would you do? (Note: Trying another bathroom probably won’t work because you’d have to come back down this way anyway to get to class, and the line is probably just long there).

3) Suppose your name is Emily and you are the girl right in front of Tiffany in line for the bathroom. Tiffany is practically in tears and asks you if she can cut in line. You could probably wait another minute or so, but it could be the difference between being on time or being late for class. You do kind of need to pee but could probably wait another hour if you have to. However, you’ll probably be very desperate towards the end of next period. What would you do?

A. Let Tiffany cut in front of you in line, realizing that it might be the difference between her peeing her pants vs not, but also might be the difference between you getting to class on time vs late.

B. Tell Tiffany that you can’t let her cut in line because you were there first and you have places to get to as well.

C. Give up on waiting and go to class and hope for better luck next hour. In that scenario, you’ll get to class on time, but might be very uncomfortable halfway through the next period. Tiffany will have a slightly better chance of getting to class on time or not peeing her pants since you decided not to go.

D. Other

I'll stop right here and see what happens, because I only want to ask two or three questions at a time.

*002*2019-03-16 04:20

{{13 hours ago, Joey1234 said:

1 peace out

2 find a storage room and pee there

3b

}}

What do you mean by "peace out"? What if there isn't a storage room nearby? I have to admit, I didn't even think of the possibility of peeing in a storage room, so I didn't list it on the "can't do" list.

As for me, if I was in that situation (which I hope would never be), this is what I would do.

1) Try to hold it until the end of the period, but if I sense that a wetting is imminent I'll run out of the classroom to the bathroom whether the teacher approves or not.

2) If I really was that desperate, I would first ask myself why I didn't get into a restroom sooner (like 30 seconds or a minute earlier) before there was a line at the bathroom. Was it because I had to make a quick locker stop along the way, or was the nearest bathroom really that far away, or did something else hold me up? Secondly, if I really was that desperate and about to pee my pants, I would try to ask if I could cut in line, but it probably wouldn't work. So I would wait in line and hopefully not pee my pants while waiting in line.

Assuming I don't, I would pee and be late, and if the teacher asks why I'm late, I would tell him or her that the line at the girls bathroom was too long (5 girls ahead of you in line for 3 toilets in a 5 minute passing time is too long to wait) and I had to pee really bad. Hopefully, I don't get a detention or suspension, but if I do, I'd try to fight it (although if it's just a 30 minute detention, it wouldn't seem like it would be worth fighting, except that the problem will probably rear its ugly head again).

3) If I thought I could wait another hour, I'd probably give up and go to class, because realistically whether there are 4 or 5 girls ahead of me in line, I'm not going to be able to get to class on time whether I allow anyone to cut in front or not. If I thought it was a situation where it was tight and every second counts (whether it be in trying to get to class on time, or avoid peeing my pants), I would have to tell her that I can't let her cut in front of me because I was there first and I am on a tight schedule as well.

If the situation really was that bad and I felt that I did everything in my power to get to a bathroom as soon as class was over, and I was late to class because the line was too long, I would fight that detention, getting teachers, parents, principals, and maybe the superintendent involved. But a delay of even 5 or 10 seconds to get out of the classroom, or briefly talk to a friend could make the difference between walking right into a stall or waiting in a line or three of four depending on when everyone else arrives.

Does anyone else have an opinion, or even have ideas for other questions I should ask?

