The long bus ride: an 8th grade throwback story

Author: Redboi

*000*2021-05-11 20:49

On this day in 2016, the greatest bus ride of my life occurred, well sorta.

(Disclaimer: this didn’t actually happen, but the general premiss is true, that is why it is in the fiction section. I will be building off of the true story which doesn’t actually include a wetting. Also the name of the girl in the story is made up to not reveal her true name. Enjoy the story!)

Home, a place I knew all too well. I place I desired to be at the time, but I knew I had to wait just 55 minutes in order to return to my abode.

The bus ride always felt annoyingly long, since I really had nothing to do if there wasn’t live baseball that I could track on my phone. I had no friends that I could talk to and my friend was at a tennis tournament so I couldn’t text him. So I knew this bus ride was going to be unbearably long for me. Little did I know was wrong about two things. One, this bus ride would be unbearably long for someone else, and two, that I was actually going to have the most exciting bus ride of my life.

What always made the bus ride great was the presence of my neighbor and acquaintance Emma. She was a blessing. She was the hottest girl I had ever met and talked to in middle school. My incompetent ass however, didn’t know the bad side of her that she never really exposed. At that point nothing else mattered for me than examining her body every day she went on my bus if she sat in front of me like the creep I was. She decided to sit in the seat to my left today, with her friend who I knew well for being an annoying girl who only cared about her social status rather than others. I knew I probably couldn’t look at her or, if I was lucky, talk to her. I decided to look at my phone as the bus started up and we started moving.

...

If you have ever been on an American school bus, you know that anyone in front of, beside, or behind you can easily be heard if they talk loud enough. I heard the two chatting and all of the sudden the beautiful voice of Emma’s utter the four most amazing words of all time, at least for me at the time: “I need to pee”. At this moment in time both my head and body reacted at the same time, as I tried to avoid turning my head and attempted to look like I didn’t hear anything. My mind and body agreed this bus ride was certainly going to get a lot better, my form of entertainment was here.

We reached the high school to pick up the students there and I caught a quick view of her state. It was bad, she was quivering like crazy. I knew deep down that I felt really bad for her, as suffering in any way is not meant to be enjoyed by anyone. At this moment however, any bit of my kink out weighted that tenfold. Emma definitely wasn’t the type of girl that would say astute statements like “I’m going to pee my pants”, or like “I’m literally going to pee myself”. She usually kept that to herself, which is why I knew when she kept telling her friend about her need that it was serious. It was just a matter of time before it was just her and me on the bus.

Ten stops later and it seemed like all hope was lost for me to witness something that I only dreamed of something, as I knew that after the bus dropped off Emma’s friend, we would only be about 20 minutes away from our stop which was the last one. We got to her friends stop which meant that Emma would likely start looking at her phone or out the window, meaning I could sneak quick peeks at her state. She looked bad, her legs were going in and out constantly, but I knew that 20 minutes would be almost no time, we needed at least 30. At this time I knew only a miracle would save this moment and make it the moment of my life at only 14 years old. Then, a pipe dream turned into a pipe result.

I don’t believe in superstition or stuff like that, but at that moment I could only describe it as a gracious spirit blessing me or dooming Emma. We reached the second to last stop 10 minutes later, which meant it was just us two. I knew she would make it unless we were stopped, and then suddenly, without warning, the bus broke down.

It was so sudden I’m pretty sure Emma leaked in her seat. Our bus driver yelled back to us, “hey guys, the bus is broken down, I’ll try to fix it but it might be a while.”

I looked over towards Emma, who looked back at me with a concerned look on her face. I knew this was my chance to swoop in with an act that would win an Emmy. “Hey Emma, are you good?”

She knew I probably already knew the problem. “I, just didn’t go to the bathroom before school.” Her face went bright red.

I tried to show her a caring and reassuring face to try and calm her down. “It’s ok, I’m sure this won’t take too long, and plus, it’s only a 5 minute drive from here.” I knew what I said was a lie and she knew it too. I tried to engage in small talk with her and pass the time which I wished never ended. And then, without warning, she interrupted me with the most euphoric lines I have ever taken into my mind.

”Hey Alex, I’m not going to make it. I’m going to pee my pants.” She said it outright and clearly, and I didn’t need it repeated a second time. At this moment I had to do the greatest act of my life to contain my pure excitement. I had a plan of action, but I knew I needed her help.

”It’s ok, I won’t tell anyone. I just need to know if you have a water bottle.”

She caught on to my plan and gave me her near full water bottle. I took it and spilled it all over her seat and the floor. At that moment she couldn’t hold it anymore. “Oh no, I’m peeing, it’s all coming.”

No video or story could compare to what I saw at that moment. What I saw was a river of pee flowing out onto the seat and hitting the floor. Emma’s face was as red as a crab and her jeans started to soak fully all around her bottom. It was breathtaking to say the least. I wish it never would have ended, but she finished after a minute or so. I knew it was her job now to finish the deed. She shouted to the bus driver, “Hey Chris, I just spilled my water, sorry.” Our bus driver didn’t seem to care, as he was preoccupied with trying to fix the bus.

We sat in silence for about 3 minutes before I decided to break it. “You know, I think I’m probably going to join the cross country team in high school next year, I heard they have a good coach.”

She looked at me dumbfounded. “So, you aren’t going to talk about this.” She gestured down to her mess.

I shrugged my shoulders, “meh.”

She looked at me like I saw a ghost. “I thought you would be disgusted.”

“Nah, it happens.” I knew I was never going to admit to her my true reaction to it, so I kept on. “It’s not your fault the bus broke down.”

That second I heard a click and the bus started up, we were heading home.

Thanks for reading! Sorry to any women who read this and think I’m a creep but hopefully you understand that I’m one of many, and that it’s just my and all of men’s nature. It’s literally one of the reasons that women and girls wear such amazing clothing. I’ve come to learn to avoid the looks and find the beauty in conversation.

