A Long Drive (An Original Story)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-04-03 15:27

A/N: One of the requests I gave out as a thank you for support/commission promotion event!

Joey and his mother, Amber, were not particularly close. Ever since his parents had separated and he had gone to live with his father, they did not see much of each other, only spending time together when it was absolutely necessary. He was already sixteen, though she looked too young to be his mother, and didn't often like the responsibilities involved in having a child around.

However, he was still her son and there were times when she would have him over or bring him along for things, but their weekend trip had been the first time they had ever gone anywhere overnight together, and it had been uncomfortable, to say the least. They had barely known what to say to each other, and he was glad when the weekend came to an end and only an awkward car ride separated him from not having to deal with this anymore.

They set out on a Sunday afternoon, so that he would be back that evening, in time to get ready for school the next day. They had lunch on the road, hardly talking throughout, and then were back on their way home. He fell asleep rather quickly, tired after eating lunch.

He slept for about an hour before he was awoken by a slight pressure in his lower abdomen. Of course, he hadn't had to pee directly after eating and therefore hadn't thought about it, but what he had had to drink at lunch was catching up to him now and he shifted a bit. No big deal, though; at least, not a big enough deal to tell his mother about it. He would capable waiting until they got back to her house.

In fact, he would probably be better off. The thought of telling her about such an issue was strange to him, and he didn't know how he would even bring up the subject to her without dying of embarrassment. He closed his eyes and tried to doze back off, hoping that he could just sleep through the rest of the drive.

He managed to fall asleep again, but not for very long. After only about twenty minutes, he was awoken again by a sharp twinge. His bladder was filling, and it was taking a toll on him. He started to think that he might have to ask for them to stop, but he decided that he would not do that until it was absolutely necessary. If he was capable of waiting, he would wait.

However, it was now to the point that he definitely could not sleep through it. The occasional twinges would keep him from drifting off, and even if he did, he would probably end up regretting it by losing control in his sleep. He would have to pass the time another way. He put his headphones in and started listening to music, grateful that he had chosen to sit in the backseat to have more room. If he had to squirm around any, she would not notice.

He was able to relax for a little bit, before the twinges came back full force and he crossed his legs at the ankle. He still felt he could hold it; the drive had not been that long on their way and he had had to go much worse before in his life. He would be just fine, he was sure of it.

But then they hit traffic. There were cars backed up on the highway at a complete standstill, presumably because of some kind of accident involving a semi. He groaned quietly to himself, beginning to fear that that would not be the only accident on the road that day. His mother swore, a bit impatient herself.

He grit his teeth, tightening his crossed legs a bit, and prayed that this wouldn't take too long to be cleared away. Otherwise, his hopes of even making it to a rest stop, much less home, would be dashed. His bladder throbbed a bit in protest at having to wait even longer, and he unfastened his seat belt to take some pressure off of it. He settled back for the wait.

~X~

After much too long stopped, Joey nearly sighed with relief when they started moving again. He had really been panicking for a bit there, but now that they weren't stuck, he was not as freaked out. Still, he had to bite the bullet and tell his mother what was going on, as he was sure he couldn't make it all the way home.

“Hey, mom, when's the next time we're stopping?” he asked.

“Why would we stop? I wanna make it home as soon as possible,” she replied.

“I know, it's just...” He blushed a bit, though she couldn't see him. “I kinda have to go to the bathroom and...”

“Then hold it till we get home.”

“I don't know if I can...” he admitted.

“You're in high school, for crying out loud!” she said, frustrated. “Why would you not be able to hold it?”

“I...yeah, I guess you're right,” he said, and the subject was dropped. He couldn't believe that she was being so unsympathetic, but there was nothing more he could do about it. He would have to make it, now that there was no other choice.

~X~

Truth be told, Amber had to use the bathroom quite a bit herself, though she wouldn't admit that to anyone. She was a grown woman, after all, and if she couldn't wait until she got home, then she was pathetic. She didn't want to slow the trip down anymore, not even with a stop for the bathroom.

She could hear Joey squirming around in the backseat and it annoyed her. He was too old for something like this, and should be able to hold it like the adult he would soon become. She ignored the fact that her own bladder was painfully full as she drove, only wanting to berate her son for being so childish.

After some time, he spoke up again. “Mom, I really don't know if I'm gonna make it. Can we please stop somewhere?”

“I already told you no!” she snapped. “We're so close, can't you just wait?”

“I don't know,” he said, “I don't think so.”

“Well, you're going to. You need to stop acting like such a child.”

Again, he fell silent, but when she glanced up at the rear view mirror, she saw that he had his legs jammed between his legs. She felt tempted to do the same herself, but she held on to her dignity. Her home was just off the interstate exit; she would be in the clear in no time at all. She would even be gracious enough to let Joey go use the bathroom first.

~X~

When they finally reached their home, both were incredibly close to their breaking points, though Amber still kept her composure. Joey, meanwhile, bolted in the house with a hand between his legs, panicked and frantic. If he did not get in the bathroom right this second, it was all going to be over for him.

As soon as he made it into the bathroom, he felt leak after leak escape him, and he grabbed himself harder to try and stop it long enough to get his zipper down. However, no matter how he tried, the leaks kept coming until one turned into a stable flow. He fell to his knees, humiliated, as he wet himself. He knew he would never hear the end of this from his mother, and he dreaded having to face her, but he could not deny that the relief felt amazing. He sighed a bit as he let the rest out, then began to get cleaned up.

Meanwhile, Amber stood outside the door, starting to panic herself. Without her son to see her do it, she had resorted to jamming her hands up under her skirt and dancing around in desperation. She wondered what on earth was taking him so long in there when she was bursting just outside.

Her heart stopped when she felt a long spurt of piss escape into her panties, followed quickly by another. There was no way this was happening! She grit her teeth and buckled down, but it did nothing to stop the leaks and spurts. When she felt a hot stream run down one of her legs, she knew that it was the end for her and that she was going to wet herself like a little kid.

Her knees buckled as the stream grew into a steady flow and she groaned. Her bladder emptied itself with a loud hiss and she watched a large puddle form at her feet. The new emptiness left her with a dull, aching, but also felt so unbelievably good. And yet, it wasn't good at all. She felt herself blush a dark red, knowing that she would have to face her son, soaking wet, after telling him that he had to hold it.

