Curse of an Angry 14 Year-Old [Joseph/Lenny]

Author: Ritsuka

*000*2011-04-21 23:08

Silvery does not own Death Note, nor does she own the concept of the Wet Note, that belongs to Zyrouiki, and although Zyrouiki's Wet Note heavily inspired her, her plot will be much different, she will also post multiple chapters.

Silvery strongly urges you to read Zyrouiki's Wet Note, as it is much better than hers.

###

Chapter 1 :

WARNINGS : Slash(Yaoi), Male Desperation and Wetting.

"Raaah! I'm going for a walk," A little Asian girl growled angrily, her bespectacled twin looked up from her book.

"Em, Do you need porn that much?" She asked curiously, "I think it's an addiction if you do."

"No, I'm just pissed that Big Brother let his boyfriend just take my stuff!"

"Em" responded. Her sister made a face.

"Need I remind you that you tried to beat him up with the book?"

"Just shut up, Viv,"

"Em" hissed and stormed out the door. She walked in silence down the street, "Damn faggots and their damn--OW WHAT THE HELL?" A papery thud was heard and a black notebook fell in front of her. She picked it up.

Wet Note

"Wet Note? What the hell?" She mumbled picking it up and opening it, she then read aloud, "The human whose name is written in this notebook shall lose bladder control...the fuck?"

She stood staring at the note book for a few seconds before an extremely evil idea dawned on her.

"Bastard...you'll pay for taking my porn."

###

"You don't even know if it works, Emily," The thin meganekko sighed. Emily shrugged.

"Can't hurt to try...can it, Vivian?" She asked, their minds flashing with all the "trying" gone wrong, "Okay, yes it can hurt, but hey, if it does it won't hurt us right?"

"Whatever," Vivian sighed, Emily pulled out a sparkly purple pen and flipped open the notebook, reading the rules again.

The human whose name is written in this notebook shall lose bladder control.

The Wet Note will not work unless the face of the named person is in the mind of the user, this will keep those with the same name from being affected also.

Details pertaining to the wetting can be written within 6 minutes and 40 seconds of writing the name, if no details are written the person will simply lose bladder control.

She skimmed the next few pages before finding a blank page. She uncapped her pen and began to think about her brother's boyfriend, bringing his face to her mind. She pressed the pen to the notebook.

Lenny Berkowitz

She pulled out her phone and stared at it, waiting for forty seconds to pass. Forty seconds later, nothing.

"Elaborate prank, don't you--" Vivian started but was cut off.

"AAAH! NOOO!"

"Ehhh?!! Are you okay?"

The two looked at each other, Emily threw the notebook into her desk drawer before following her sister out into the living room.

"What's going on?" Emily asked curiously though it was pretty obvious, Lenny was collapsed on the floor holding himself tightly.

"I don't know!" Joseph said panicking, "He just suddenly had to pee really badly!"

"Eh? Really?!" Emily asked with an almost excited tone. Lenny was shaking violently and very near to being in tears. Joseph crouched down.

"...I...NO!"

A hissing sound was just barely audible, followed by a splattering sound as urine passed through the fabric of the blond's pants and onto the floor. Emily stared in wonder and amazement as the boy completely soaked himself like a little kid.

"Oh my God, is he okay?" She asked feigning worry, though in her mind she was more like 'IN YOUR FACE! THIS IS WHY YOU DON'T TAKE MY STUFF!'

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" The now sobbing boy began to apologize profusely, Joseph just rubbed his back comfortingly.

"It's fine, it happens, Go get cleaned up, I'll clean up here," The Asian boy sighed. Lenny sniffled.

"No it's--"

"Go get cleaned up, you've proven over and over that you're the worst housewife in the history of the world, really it's fine," Joseph said pressing his lips to the other boy's, "Just go get cleaned up."

"Okay," The blond sniffled before standing up shakily to make his way to the bathroom.

The two girls walked back to their room, both thinking the same thing : Was it coincidence? Or did the Wet Note really work?

###

There's chapter one. But seriously, go read Zyrouiki's Wet Note, it's a bajillion times better than this. And now some questions for my lovely readers :

1. If you like Yaoi, would you like a sex scene between Joseph and Lenny? [it will be possible to skip it if you don't want to read it.] []

2. Since I'm gonna add some female desperation, would anyone like to create or insert a character? [You could insert yourself if you really wanted to.]

3. Do you have any ideas on where this is going? [i'd love to hear them.]

4. Of the four main characters, who is your favorite? [Out of curiosity]

Okay I'm gonna leave you with only this note. Support me on youtube. Due to copyrights I had to move to my back-up account. Subbing will not only help me get back up to where I was and make me feel good about myself, IT WILL MAKE ME WRITE MORE :D

%http://youtube.com/user/SilveryNekoChan

*005*2011-04-23 21:02

Antifairy : Yes, it was unintentional.

Toki-Chan : Okay, sounds like it's porno time~

Terrex : ^_^ Yuuki will definitely be used in chapter 2, and maybe a few times after that~

Guesswho : Yes there will be~

As for the delay in chapter 2 being posted, I almost had it up last night, but my computer spazzed out and I lost it =.=

Technology, can't live with it, can't live without it. I'll try to update it tomorrow night. ^W^

*008*2011-04-24 16:35

Okay...so I will probably be updating really slowly now...this is due to my video editing hobby [which comes before everything except feeding my yaoi addiction...yaoi always comes first...ALWAYS]. I'm in two collaborations, two MEP's and I also have to make a quadruple birthday video [Faust, Tatsy105, My aunt, and me, cause no one on youtube is gonna be nice enough to make me one... ;A;] Anyway, I'll update when I find time~!

###

Chapter 2 : Experimentation

Warnings : Fear Wetting, Evil and Sadistic 14 Year-Old Revenge-Fueled Masterminds, The Insertion of Faust, and Slight Yaoi Scene [nothing too explicit...YET]

###

Vivian and Emily sat silently in their room, too many thoughts running through their heads.

"Was it..." Emily started.

"A coincidence?" Vivian finished, "He does have a habit of ignoring his own needs..."

"..." Both sat silently staring at the black notebook before them.

"I guess that means..."

"You should test it."

###

Emily sat, bored, in remedial ESL class. She spoke English decently, but her habit of using Vietnamese words randomly in sentences got her thrown into Remedial ESL.

"Faust Necromonium."

A voice caught her attention, she turned to the front of the room. Three kids were standing at the front of the room. Poor kids, must've just transferred.

"Yuno Gasai~."

"Wynn Tatsumaki."

Probably from Japan by the looks of it, and the sound of the girls' surnames. Emily sighed, ESL was boring, the teacher treated them like morons, in other words, it sucked major ass. Then she remembered the magical black notebook in her backpack. She looked around before quickly pulling it out and opening it, looking for a target. She found the perfect one.

Yuuki Kato

Will be called to the board at 1:15 but find herself unable to answer the question. She will be forced to stand at the board until 1:20 at which time she will wet herself out of fear. After she wets herself, Mizuiro Hanasaku will take a picture on his phone which will cause her to run from the room crying at 1:23

###

Faust looked around the room at his new classmates. Out of the corner of his eye he caught sight of a black notebook with silver words on the cover, he turned and looked over to the girl who'd pulled it from her backpack, but she was already bent over writing furiously with her pen. He turned back to the front of the room.

"Yuuki, come to the board and answer the question."

The slim girl stood up and shuffled up to the board. She picked up the black dry erase marker and stared at the board in a sort of dumbfounded trance.

"Uhm..." She squealed before putting the marker to the board and writing an answer.

"That's incorrect, try again."

"But--"

"Try again."

'Well...that wasn't very nice...' Faust thought to himself watching the struggling girl intently.

###

Emily looked over to the clock, 1:19, she turned back to the room feigning boredom.

"Uhm...Err..." Yuuki stuttered, shaking at the knees, shoulders and well, everywhere. Emily watched her movements as the seconds ticked by.

"...Ms. Kato--"

"Ah! No!" Yuuki suddenly exclaimed dropping her marker as a splashing sound hit Emily's ears.

"Oh my god is she wetting herself?" She heard someone whisper. She quickly turned to see Mizuiro dig through his bag and pull out his phone and take a picture of Yuuki as she finished wetting herself.

"Eep!" Yuuki squealed at the camera flash before bursting into tears at the realization that it was a camera and running out of the room.

The whole class sat in an awkward silence with different thoughts running through their minds collectively.

'What the heck just happened?'

'Whoa...'

And of course Emily's only real thought : 'Oh my GOD...IT WORKS.'

###

"Toi la nha!" Emily shouted walking into the house.

"You're late," Joseph mumbled pointing to the clock, 3:15.

"There was an incident--"

"Were you the cause?" Joseph cut her off, she shook her head, "Just don't be late again."

"'Kay," She said skipping happily into her room and throwing her bag on her bed.

"How was remedial summer school?" Vivian asked, looking up from her book...what a nerd.

"Fun, Kato Yuuki wet herself today," Emily said, Vivian dropped her book.

"...You didn't."

"I did."

"...Wonderful, you have a magical notebook that makes people wet...and you're using it to make your classes more interesting?" Vivian asked looking over her glasses like a pissed off librarian.

"Uhm...what am I supposed to do?" Emily asked staring at her sister, "I'm not sure there's a way I can use it make the world a better place."

"Well you could...yeah I got nothing," Vivian responded, "Just don't get caught..."

"Oh you know I will."

"What?"

"Nothing!"

###

Lenny Berkowitz

Holds it through the night starting at 8pm but in the morning finds himself unable to use the bathroom due to being trapped in Joseph's deathgrip. He loses control at 8:15 am.

###

Joseph sat drinking green tea and playing checkers with Lenny.

"Ohmygod! I win!" Lenny squealed, Joseph smiled, Lenny was sucked at checkers, chess was another matter but checkers...he'd been brutally destroyed by Alan, Vivian, Emily, and well...everyone, even Kyrie, who could barely speak English. [Though he had later gone and completely owned them in chess]

"Looks like you do," Joseph said, letting the blond enjoy his victory before getting up and walking over to him.

"What is it?" Lenny asked, his answer came in the form of a kiss.

"Congratulations," Joseph mumbled pulling away just a little bit which made Lenny whine softly. Joseph smirked and recaptured the boy's lips and gently pulled the blond up out of his seat. The Asian quickly slipped his tongue into the taller boy's mouth exploring every inch of it. He pulled back quickly, smirking.

"That's one hell of a congratulations," Lenny mumbled, Joseph just smiled sweetly before embracing him and sliding his hand up his shirt lightly touching his back.

"Well, you deserve it," Joseph whispered nipping Lenny's neck, eliciting a strangled moan from the boy.

"D-Don't do that," He breathed softly, Joseph just innocently traced patters on his neck.

"Do what? This?" The Asian snickered and nipped his neck again, "Why?"

"It's naughty..."

"That's why I'm doing it~!"

###

And that's where I'm gonna leave you~ wkwkwk...

Anyway...chapter 3 will be up...eventually.... >.>

Someday, I will grace you with porn~!

### Silvery

*010*2011-04-25 13:02

{{:

Honestly, I think that its currently the exact same plot as the original, but with male desp and yaoi, which isn't as good as female desp. But I think it could still be great if it had its own original plotline, and maybe a bit of female desp.

}}

I'm going to respond to your comments in order :

After testing the Wet Note, the plot does take some very...drastic turns, plus, chapters 1&2 and maybe some of 3 are primarily to introduce characters and characterize them, a lot of introduced characters play more than just the role of innocent bystanders/victims.

I've stated that there will be female desperation, just not as much as Zyrouiki's Wet Note or Faust's Wet Note, this is because the story is primarily Emily using the Wet Note as a tool for revenge against Lenny.

*012*2011-04-25 21:27

{{:

I have the right to request certain things from a story without somebody asking to -rep my request.

}}

I'm going to point out, that if you want something specific from a story :

A) read a story that already has it

B) write your own story

If you don't like my story don't read it...

*013*2011-04-29 13:41

For people who like this :

I am working on chapter 3...I swear to god....I'm just on a huge creativity block... >.>

I'll try to have it up by tomorrow night ;A;

*015*2011-04-30 21:45

{{:

I shall be waiting for the porn!~ 8D

Another good chapter you have here~ Can't wait to see the next one~

And yaoi is the sustenance of life for yaoi fans ._. *approves of yaoi addiction*

}}

TOKI-CHAN~ MY LESBIAN LOVER I HAVE MISSED YOU SO~!

Anyway, probably no update today...just got home from an all day history seminar...I love history but the two main speakers sucked...the lady had a super nasally voice and would NOT shut up...she talked for like 5 hours straight... ;A; the guy kept saying "uhm uhh uhm uhm uhm". I swear...I could FEEL my brain cells dying...

*017*2011-05-03 00:16

>.< I have bad news, worse news and terrible news :

Bad news : I have absolutely no inspiration for writing this story, I know what I want to happen next, but the words are just not coming out, I have been trying for roughly two hours every day to get the next chapter out of my brain, but at the end of every day I go back an delete the whole thing purely because I just don't like the way it turned out.

Worse news : I am in a complete artistic slump...any time I draw anything or attempt to create anything, it comes out awful [in my opinion] and I destroy/erase it...

Terrible news : I'm discontinuing this... *pokes above comments* There's your reasoning. If I'm going to put strain into writing something half-way decent, it's gonna be the main story for Joseph/Lenny [The Sin and The Sinner/Pinky Promise], not a random fetishy side-story that I made for no explicitly clear reason. Anyway, I may do another Joseph/Lenny Omorashi Story later...but for now I need to focus on their main story and well...not this. I've just been putting too much strain into something that isn't coming to any type of fruition. Anyway, for anyone who liked this I'm sorry, discontinuing this was a hard decision to make...I just need to put energy into other things... [like dancing, gymnastics, BL, etc.]

Again, if you liked this, I'm sorry. >.<

### Silvery

*021*2011-05-17 23:46

Wahh I'm so sorry TT;;

I swear three is almost done...I swear~

