Lauren and Katie try a holding scenario

Author: db218

*000*2024-09-17 16:52

Last story for a little bit as I’m out of ideas for now. Please recommend some things, and I’d be happy to see what I can do!

*Messing Content Warning: almost entirely messing content on this one, proceed cautiously.*

Lauren and Katie had become fast friends, brought together by random chance, kept together by their love of their secret fantasies. When they first met, Lauren had flown across the country holding it and had peed and pooped in her panties right before getting to the hotel where Katie was running the desk. Katie was desperate, Lauren knew it, and she made her hold on and come up to her room. Lauren forced Katie to wait, causing her to unload three days of poop and a full bladder in her panties and they’d masturbated in their messes together.

Since then, they’d each made each other hold it whenever they could, and often had held it just so they could inform one another that they were desperate and needed permission to relieve their bursting bladder or bowels. The first time after that night, Lauren had woken up the day of her conference desperate to pee, told Katie by text, and she said Lauren could have her morning pee but would need to hold it the rest of the day. Lauren obliged, and when she arrived back to her hotel room bursting, she found Katie at her door also bursting to pee. 

They’d entered together, both holding in their bursting bladders until someone lost it. Lauren was the first, as pee started flooding her panties before she even made it to the bathroom. She actually got some pee on the carpet, which Katie said was no big deal. Katie had then asked a wet Lauren to tie her hands to the shower curtain bar until she wet herself in the tub. Lauren obliged, using a belt to tie Katie’s hands together over her head. She sat on the toilet seat for a few more minutes watching Katie potty dance in restraints, begging to go to the bathroom which of course Lauren denied, finally resulting in Katie having a massive wetting in the tub unable to reach the toilet.

When Lauren left to go back home, she called Katie letting her know she’d stay in touch and stay in touch they did. Nearly everyday they were either texting or calling one another, getting to know each other and sharing new desperate experiences with each other. They also started figuring out the other’s bowel timing, hoping that they’d be able to do a multi-day poop hold together over the phone. Finally, they were able to get the timing right, with Lauren holding four days safely before she couldn’t hold her load anymore, and Katie’s maximum hold time of three days. While Katie never really got constipated, she just wouldn’t feel a need the first day, and would only notice it on day two, and desperate day three. Still, with the timing figured out, they were free to do a hold together if they could time it for a day they were both off work, or off early, which meant Friday or Saturday.

The pair discussed possible holding scenarios a week earlier, and a few came up: a basic office scenario, where both were working in an office with no chance to use the bathroom; holding it in on a road trip; students in a long college lecture with a professor who wouldn’t let anyone leave no matter the situation; and of course Lauren’s original idea, an aircraft emergency landing while they were bursting together. Ultimately since Lauren had initiated this unbelievable relationship, Katie elected to let her take the lead on playing out her original scenario of the aircraft landing. 

They agreed to play it out Saturday, as they both had the day completely off. They discussed the timing, stating that they’d eat as much as possible the day before to really make the result satisfying, and charge their phones to connect all day. Then Lauren had a thought. What if they were to have iPads on tables next to their chairs to simulate like they were actually sitting together on a plane? Lauren ran it by Katie, and they both had that option. That would make it slightly more believable and would add to the appeal of the scenario.

When both awoke on Saturday, they each had a feeling of joy that they were finally doing a holding scenario with the other. And of course, they both woke up dying to poop. Katie texted Lauren first, seeing if she was awake. Lauren texted back less than a minute later saying she was, and Katie immediately called her. Lauren picked up on the second ring.

“Do you have to piss as bad as I do?”

“Well, yeah, of course!”

“Do we go or hold it?”

“Hold it, right?”

“Yeah, at least until after breakfast.”

“That might be tough,” Katie said, “because I also have to take a shit VERY badly.”

“Yeah, me too. Did we eat too much yesterday?”

“Not necessarily, it just might need to fast track our plan today, so we don’t lose control too quickly.”

“Good idea. In the meantime,” Lauren said, “let’s text through breakfast while we hold everything, then maybe wet our panties together and shower?”

“Sounds good to me, talk to you in a few.”

They hung up, and both made a large breakfast to torture their bowels, texting each other throughout as their bladders begged increasingly for relief.

When Lauren and Katie were done breakfast, Lauren called Katie.

“Can I please go pee? I’m bursting here!”

“Only if I can too! I’m just as full!”

“Okay, wetting panties on the count of three together?”

“YES PLEASE!”

“Okay, one… two… three!”

With the count, Lauren and Katie both relaxed their bladders, and completely soaked their panties on their bathroom floors. They quickly got showered and cleaned up their pee puddles, and by text confirmation, both dressed in “comfy traveler clothes.” Lauren was in a set of snug fitting sweatpants, and Katie was in a set of form fitting leggings. They set up their chairs and their tables and set their iPads on the tables on charging cords to allow a view like they were next to each other in first class seats, Katie with her screen to her right, Lauren with the screen to her left. Lauren had the aisle seat. On a real flight she realized she could prevent Katie from getting up to use the bathroom on the plane, which was a fun thought. If it ever went farther, she’d have to remember that.

They started into the scenario being pulled back in their seats with the takeoff. Katie turned and whispered to Lauren, “I just realized I really need to poop, I probably should have gone before we boarded. I hope we get the seatbelt sign off soon.”

“Yeah, me too, I need to go really badly.”

“I guess we’ll just have to wait until we’re at altitude to go.”

“Yeah, I just hope that’s not long, I haven’t pooped in a few days and it’s pushing really hard.”

“Same here. I can feel my hole opening. Oh man, I really shouldn’t have waited this long.”

They settled into their seats, breathing through the desperation, not much of it fake at this point other than the scenario itself. Both women felt their bowels forcefully trying to push their loads into their panties and both were clenching hard to prevent it. After about half an hour of clenching, they assumed the plane had leveled out, but the seatbelt sign had not been turned off. Lauren said, “The seatbelt sign should have been turned off by now, I wonder what’s going on?”

“I don’t know, but I need to go soon or I’m going to shit my pants!”

“I know, me too, and I wish I was kidding about that.” In truth, Lauren’s bowels were pushing so hard now she was almost crying trying to contain her massive shit. The scenario might not last much longer, but she had to keep playing it out for Katie’s benefit.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” Katie said, “we’re about to hit some turbulence, the captain has decided to keep the seatbelt sign on for a while longer, please stay in your seats and try to stay comfortable. We’ll let you know when it’s safe to move around.” Lauren giggled at Katie’s flight attendant voice thinking she should do that for a living instead and said, “Easy for her to say, she’s not about to shit herself!” Katie giggled and suddenly leaned forward cradling her belly and clenching against an overwhelming need to release her bowels. She wasn’t sure she was going to last much longer.

“This sucks,” said Lauren, fighting a desperate urge of her own, “I really don’t know if I can hold it much longer, I wish they’d get through this turbulence so I can finally poop, I need to go so unbelievably badly!”

“God, me too, I’m prairie dogging so bad right now, I’m worried I won’t be able to suck it back in soon!”

Lauren immediately made a BING sound signifying the seatbelt sign turning off. It had been an hour since takeoff now, and both girls were agonizingly bursting to poop. As they were about to get out of their seats to waddle to the bathroom, a few other people beat them to it and a line formed. One woman in the back looked like she had to go nearly as bad as Katie and Lauren, holding a hand on her ass and belly. A couple people went in and out of the bathroom while Katie and Lauren quietly groaned with desperation next to each other. Both confided in the other that they were now prairie-dogging, and Katie was touching cloth.

After several more minutes, the last lady in line was almost to the bathroom, and the seat belt sign went back on and the flight attendant ushered people back to their seats including the woman who was waiting for the bathroom despite her protests that she was going to have an accident.

“You’ve gotta be kidding me,” Katie said with an audible grunt, “I need to shit way too badly for this! I won’t make it if I don’t get in that bathroom soon!”

“Oh man, same here, I’m touching cloth now too, I’m SO DESPERATE!”

Lauren then simulated a female pilot as she said, “Folks, from the flight deck, we didn’t want to alarm you, but we’re having some minor trouble with one of the engines and we’ll need to put it down on an alternate field to make some repairs and make sure it doesn’t get worse. We’re beginning our descent with an airport sorted out. Please stay in your seats and remain calm until we’re safely on the ground.”

Katie giggled at Lauren, then said, “Stay calm? I’m about to shit myself! How do they expect me to stay calm when they’re denying me the bathroom like this??”

“I don’t know, but I’m bursting here, I really can’t wait much longer. These nice people are going to see me shit my pants any minute!”

Both women simulated getting bumped around in their chairs on a landing approach for half an hour while fidgeting and squirming to keep their bowels contained. It wasn’t working anymore of course, and both were about to lose control.

“Folks, we’re about to touch down, please lean forward and brace for possible impact, this might be a slightly rough landing.”

Katie turned to Lauren with a look of panic saying, “If I lean forward, it’ll put pressure on my bowels, and I won’t be able to clench! I’ll shit my pants for sure!”

“You won’t be alone, I’m about to start shitting my pants, once I lean forward it’s all over.”

They both fidgeted for a moment, delaying the inevitable, until Katie spoke as the flight attendant again, “Please lean forward and brace for impact now!”

Lauren and Katie gave each other a sympathetic and desperate look as they leaned forward and felt their bowels take advantage of the lack of resistance. They both looked toward the lady who was denied the bathroom, and she looked at them with equal desperation. As they all leaned forward, three desperately full bowels collectively unloaded in panties over several long minutes as they touched down with a jolt.

After the landing, everyone was told to calmly stay in their seats as they taxied to a parking ramp for deplaning, and that this would be a calm process with time to collect belongings on the way out. Hotel arrangements would be made for everyone until the aircraft could be fixed the following morning. As they taxied, Lauren said, “I completely shit myself, I never stood a chance once we braced. I don’t think I’ve got anything left to hold in there.”

“Me neither, I started shitting the moment I leaned forward. There’s a lot in there, feels hard and kind of arousing having a big pile in there, I just hope we can get out of here to clean up without being noticed.”

“Oh, no chance of that, there’s a bulge for sure. We’d get noticed immediately.Its kind of hot honestly, that everyone will get to see we shit our pants.”

“Now that you mention it, yeah, it does kind of turn me on a little. Quite the exhibition we’ll be putting on for all these people.”

Their time came to stand up and deplane, so they stood out of their seats and waited for a couple minutes until they could walk off, catching eyes with the other lady who pooped her pants who gave a knowing look. Lauren and Katie picked up the iPads so they could see each other more fully, and as they started to walk off the plane, Lauren made a show of slowing down, and Katie said, “Everything okay?”

With a pained expression, Lauren said, “I wasn’t done, I’m about to shit again.” With that she put the iPad back on the table with her bulge facing the camera and proceeded to push out another massive log into her loaded pants. When she was finally done, Katie giggled and said, “Well, definitely no hiding that anymore! That was hot! Thanks for showing me!”

The scenario was over, and they both loved it. They both said they’d have to try another one soon. Both women stayed in their messy pants until lunch, then cleaned up after a little solo fun while on video chat with each other.

Please share your ideas, I need some suggestions!

*002*2024-09-18 01:25

{{45 minutes ago, Wasdwadf4123 said:

First I have to say that I love the stories you have been posting. And if you’re still doing suggestions, what if there was one person who pretended not to like messing just to secretly watch others have accidents. Like roommates maybe?

}}

Interesting, care to elaborate a little? I’d love to explore something like that. Thank you by the way, glad you’re liking them!

