A Lesson in Economics

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-03-29 22:46

The wonderfully prolific Harley Quinn let me know that she's also working on a version of this request from Vexer6. We briefly discussed merging our idea, but ultimately decided that two stories are better than one!

###

The classroom chatter stopped abruptly as soon as the bell rang. The students had learned pretty quickly that Agatha Jensen had no patience for dawdling, and started teaching on the stroke of the hour.

“Now, class,” Ms. Jensen began, in her traditional drone that made her sound every bit of her 64 years, “For the final quarter of the year in economics class, you’re going to take some of the lessons you’ve learned and apply them to real life. I have here - “ She gestured toward a shoebox neatly packed with stacks of colorful slips of paper “- Monopoly money. You’ll each receive a certain ‘salary’ based on your grades, attendance, and participation in class so far this year. You will have a chance to continue to earn money through satisfactory performance in class activities.”

The class remained silent, wondering what unpleasant twist Ms. Jensen could put on something as seemingly harmless as Monopoly money. The old woman had been teaching high school economic for decades, and was not known for being pleasant or easy to get along with.

“Obviously,” Ms. Jensen continued, “Like in the real world, bank notes are of no value unless you can trade them for something. In this case, you can use your money to purchase extra credit points or extensions on assignments.”

The 20 or so high school seniors in the class started to look cautiously interested. Bonus points were always useful…

“In addition to academic support,” Jenson droned on, “I will hold a small market, if you will, every Friday. If you so choose, you can spend your money on snacks, drinks, or trinkets.”

The students perked up even more. Jensen never allowed food in class!

“However,” she lectured monotonously, “Also like the real world, you will be asked to pay for everyday conveniences and be fined for misconduct. A full list of fees will be posted on my desk for the remainder of the school year. If you find yourself in a position where you do not have enough money to cover a fine or fee, you will be subject to the appropriate disciplinary consequence.”

Though no one in class dared to roll an eye, you could practically feel the sense of resignation. Of course Jensen would find a find a way to make sure the project was more stressful than fun. Still, it did add an intriguing twist to their final weeks at the fancy, private school.

One by one, the students stood to silently accept their allotted “salary,” along with a printed list of ways to earn more and prices for the weekly markets. Then, with barely a pause, Ms. Jensen launched into the daily lecture, leaving students scrambling to put away their money and start taking notes.

###

Though everyone in class had, to some degree, mentally prepared themselves to be slapped with unanticipated fines and fees and Ms. Jensen’s every whim, the first week went by without incident.

On Friday, the students filed happily into her classroom for the final period of the day to be greeted with a smorgasbord of brightly packaged treats and drinks.

“Ooooh!” squealed Amber, the undisputed queen bee of the senior class. “I am dying for a Diet Mountain Dew. Perf!”

Amber’s entourage, a stereotypically gorgeous set of 3 girls, followed her to the drink table. “Come on, ladies,” Amber chirped. “Drinks will make it so much easier to sit through this class!”

Zoe, a tiny little slip of a girl who often wondered how she’d had the good graces to be swept up in Amber’s orbit, hesitated. “I was kind of hoping to save my money for bonus points in the final…” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.

“The final is weeks away,” Amber admonished. “You’ll have plenty of time to earn money for bonus points before then!” And without another word, Amber shoved a 20-ounce bottle into Zoe’s thin hands.

Sighing, Zoe handed her money to the stone-faced Ms. Jensen. Sure this purchase left her with hardly anything left, but it was a warm day, and Amber was right. There was plenty of time to earn extra Jensen Bucks, as the class had taken to calling the Monopoly money.

Absentmindedly, Zoe gulped down her drink within the first 10 minutes of the hourlong class. She almost instantly felt a sense of discomfort in her bladder.

Zoe tensed as Ms. Jensen made her way through the days typically boring slides. Her bladder was proportionately small, so she usually went to the restroom every two period. She would also go after the final class of the day - economics- before getting on the bus. Though it was a bit of a wait, she’d never had any real problems holding it until the final bell rang.

Glancing surreptitiously around, Zoe noticed that Amber, Kathy, and Brit had also finished their respective drinks.

A half hour into the class, Zoe squirmed uncomfortably. Her bladder was achingly full. Next to her, Amber wriggled her hips and pouted, then thrust her hand in the air.

“Miss Jensen?” Amber called girlishly. “May I please have a hall pass?”

Agatha eyed the well-coiffed girl drily. “That’ll be fifty dollars, Miss Worthington.”

“I don’t have fifty dollars!” Amber wheedled. “This is an emergency.”

“If you do not have the requisite funds, Miss Worthington,” Ms. Jensen said, her tone never changing, “You are free to choose to leave my class without a hall pass and face the necessary consequences.”

“But -” Amber squeaked, putting on her best pleading face.

“Now, back to John Nash…” Jensen had already turned back to the projector to continue her lecture.

“Hmph!” Amber slouched exaggeratedly back in her seat. “Stupid old bat!” she whispered.

Next to her, Zoe had started to sweat. There was still nearly 30 minutes left in class, and the thought of leaving class without permission - with the attention and detention it would draw - was not at all a palatable idea. She squeezed her thighs together, thinking she would just have to make it to the final bell.

As the minutes ticked on, Amber continued to squirm dramatically, sighing and letting out practiced little whines to let everyone around her know how inconvenienced she was. Zoe wondered if Amber could possibly have to go as badly as she did.

With 10 minutes left, Amber elegantly raised her hand again.

“No, Miss Worthington,” came Jensen’s reply. She hadn’t even turned around.

Amber leaned forward, a move that seemed more calculated to show off her breasts than to control her bladder. In contrast, Zoe clenched her pelvic muscles even tighter as she felt a distressing spurt of urine dampen her underwear.

With one minute left in class, Zoe was sweating. She’d had to clutch herself through her skirt a few times, but didn’t dare hold herself outright. She was more embarrassed than she could ever remember being and was on the very brink of total collapse.

Finally, the bell rang. Amber jumped to her feet, ranting haughtily. “Finally! Ugh, I swear, I’m about to pee myself! Awful old woman. That’s like, child abuse, making me hold it like that. Come on, girls, let’s bounce.”

As Amber’s shrill voice died down, another, far more awful sound could be heard, even above the normal end-of-the-day din. A trickling, splattering noise that came from Zoe’s desk.

Dozens of teenaged heads whirled around to look at Zoe’s slight, trembling form. She remained hunched at her desk as liquid pooled beneath her, dripped off the edge of the hard seat and onto the floor. A dark, damp stain spread across her lap and up the back of her dull, gray uniform skirt.

Silent tears poured down Zoe’s face. Just as the bell had rung, her body gave out and she’d begun to wet helplessly in her seat. Keenly aware of her peers stares, Zoe’s face flamed with humiliation as urine soaked into her skirt, pooled on the hard desk seat, and spilled onto the linoleum floor.

From the desk behind Zoe, Zeke Hunter watched with a sinking feeling in his stomach. He didn’t say anything (he hardly ever said anything, anyway, much less in highly public situations), but he felt terrible for the cute, petite girl. She looked like she was physically in pain, and it broke his heart.

Amber’s shrill, entitled voice broke the silence. “Oh my God!” She shrieked. “Miss Jensen, look what you did! Zoe peed her pants because of your stupid money system!”

Agatha barely deigned to look up from her desk. “Miss Matthews chose to spend her money on drinks rather than keeping a fund to cover hall passes. She then chose to urinate in her seat rather than take the disciplinary repercussion of leaving to go to the restroom. Those were her decisions, not mine.”

Zoe let out a miserable, choked sob as the final drops of urine flowed through her drenched skirt and onto the floor. Was this really her fault? It was hard to argue with Jensen’s logic, not that Zoe had the energy to try.

“Ugh!” Amber squealed again, grabbing Zoe by the arm. “We’re so done here. Come on, Zo, girls.” With what was meant to be a withering glare at Ms. Jensen, Amber stalked out of the classroom through the remaining onlookers, dragging Zoe behind her.

Amber burst through the door of the girls’ bathroom. Kathy helpfully handed Zoe her purse, which she’d grabbed off the desk as Amber made her exit. Brit rubbed Zoe’s arm.

“That bitch!” Amber ranted. She turned benevolently toward Zoe. “Oh, honey, you poor thing. How gross! I hope Jensen feels awful. It’s totally her fault you peed yourself. You should sue her. I’m totally going to the principal. My parents will throw a fit. This is unconstitutional.”

Amber paused slightly, twisting her hips in a way that looked more delicate than desperate. “But first, I totally have to pee. I know how you feel, babe! I really have to go, too.” With that drastic overstatement, Amber shut herself in one of the cubicles, leaving Kathy and Brit to comfort their dripping, weeping friend.

###

For the remainder of the year, Zoe was absolutely militant about always keeping enough Jensen bucks saved for a hall pass. She never again purchased a drink from the Friday market, or even snacks.

No one had ever really teased her about her accident; they wouldn’t dare cross a card-carrying member of Amber’s clique. Still, the mortification of that day stuck with Zoe.

Amber had made a brief crusade against Ms. Jensen. The principal, however, had taken the longtime teacher’s side, claiming that a) 18-year-olds should be old enough to control their bodily functions in the first place and b) the students had been told they could leave the classroom. Zoe had clearly chosen wetting herself over a detention. Amber had huffed around the halls for awhile, ranting to anyone who would listen about what she called “Constitutional rights,” but her interest quickly waned as prom and the end of the school year approached.

The week of the finals arrived. The school scheduled senior exams in blocks, so students would sit for exams for two consecutive periods instead of just one. Ms. Jensen’s economics exam was scheduled for Friday.

The day before the test, Ms. Jensen ordered anyone who planned on using their money for bonus points to pay in advance. “I plan on grading your tests right away, so I want to make a list of the extra credit due,” she explained dispassionately.

Zoe carefully counted out the money she’d saved - enough for 10 extra points - and made sure to keep $50 in case she needed a hall pass the next day. Nervously, she tucked her “safety fund” into the designated section of her purse and settled in to listen to the pre-exam review.

###

The following day, Amber marshalled Zoe, Kathy, and Brit into assembling prom favors in the senior lounge during their free period before the economics exam. Amber was going with Freddy Lubowicz, the perfectly Aryan captain of the lacrosse team. Kath and Brit both had long-term boyfriends. Only little Zoe was left without a date.

“There’s still a week,” Amber was saying as she tied ribbon into a perfect bow around one of the delicate, tulle favor bags. “I think Lex Benson might ask you. I hear he turned down that skank, Julia Wabash.”

Zoe shrugged noncommitally. The truth is, though no one had made fun of her accident to her face, she was sure that peeing on yourself in the middle of class disqualified you from getting a prom date.

Suddenly, the bell rang. “Shit!” Amber squealed. “Here, girls, place the finished bags in here - no, gently, Brit, God!” With completely unnecessary reverence, Amber placed the box of finished favors in the cupboard, then turned and dashed out the door, her minions close on her heels.

They sprinted down through the halls, tumbling through the door of Ms. Jensen’s classroom just as the second bell rang.

“We’re here!” Amber declared defensively, eyeing the other students, who were all safely seated.

“Yet not in your designated seats as the bell rang, Miss Worthington,” Jensen replied blandly. “That means you were late to class, which requires a fifty dollar fee.” The woman held out her hand.

“Ugh!” Amber all but slapped the colorful bill into the teacher’s hand and flounced defiantly to her desk.

Zoe hesitated. Because they’d lost track of time making prom favors, she hadn’t emptied her bladder before class. She probably could have made it through a normal, one-hour lecture, but she was sure there was no way she could sit through the whole two-hour exam!

“Miss Jensen?” she murmured.

Something that may have been pity flashed across Agatha’s face, but then it was gone, replaced by the teacher’s typical, dispassionate gaze. “Your fee, Miss Matthews.”

Zoe shuddered as she handed over her only bill. Hot tears sprang into her eyes as she slumped into her seat.

Zeke watched as Zoe slid into the desk in front of him. He was sure Jensen had just left her without funds for a hall pass. He hoped she’d make it through the exam.

An hour later, Zeke had finished and turned his exam. He’d always been a fast test-taker. Unfortunately, school rules stipulated that students could not be dismissed early, so he was left sitting silently, reading or maybe taking a nap at his desk (no electronics allowed, obviously).

But at the moment, Zeke was neither reading nor napping. He was watching the petite body of Zoe Matthews squirm in front of him. Even from the back, she looked distinctly uncomfortable. Her pencil had stopped moving across the exam paper, and Zeke heard the softest sniffle.

Zoe was fighting a losing battle. There was no way she could survive another hour without wetting herself. She had her thighs twisted forcefully together, but she could no longer concentrate on her test. If it had been a normal class day, she certainly would have walked out without a hall pass and taken the detention. Unfortunately, walking out on an exam without permission didn’t just earn detention; it earned a big, fat 0 on the exam, and Zoe couldn’t afford to fail the final.

A single tear slipped down her chin and onto the test. She sniffled quietly, unable to believe that she was doomed to pee herself for a second time in front of her classmates.

As more tears filled her eyes and threatened to spill over, Zoe felt a light tap on her back. She jumped slightly, and turned to see a hand holding a pale blue $50 bill.

“Take it,” Zeke whispered, his hand shaking slightly.

Unable to even turn around, Zoe paused for only a moment before grabbing the slip of paper. She gave her pelvic muscles a tight squeeze to ensure control, then slowly stood and approach Ms. Jensen’s desk.

“May I please have a hall pass?” Zoe whispered desperately, beseechingly holding out the $50 bill.

Agatha Jensen eyed her student warily, but wrote out the necessary pass. “You have 7 minutes, Miss Matthews.”

Zoe snatched the hall pass gratefully and all but sprinted out of the room. In the empty hallway, she grasped herself tightly through her skirt as she shoved open the door to the ladies’ restroom. Banging into the closest cubicle, she clenched and wriggled her hips as she lifted her drab uniform skirt and clutched at her panties to pull them down. She started peeing before her thighs even hit the toilet seat, and urine splashed noisily into the water below.

Gasping with relief, Zoe blushed a bit at her frantic entrance. Clearly, she had been way too close to having another accident. She would certainly have to thank the cute, dark-eyed boy that sat behind her. Zach, maybe?

As her stream finally tapered off, Zoe grabbed some extra toilet paper to wipe up the urine she’d sprinkled on the seat. She washed her hands, wiped the last of the tears from her eyes, and headed back to the classroom to finish her exam.

Zeke had watched with a small smile as Zoe dashed of the classroom. At least she wasn’t going to have an accident in front of the whole class this time.

But Zeke’s smile had faded quickly. He didn’t regret giving Zoe his money, but the fact of the matter was, that had been his last bill. Now, he had nothing left.

And Zeke had to pee.

Like Zoe, he’d saved the price of a hall pass so he could have a break during the exam period. He’d read a study that showed people made better decisions with full bladders, so he always drank a bit more before big tests. He’d always had a pretty strong bladder, so waiting for breaks wasn’t a big deal, and since he finished tests so quickly, he would occasionally ask for a hall pass after he was done.

Zeke clenched his thigh muscles as Zoe walked back into the room, looking blessedly relieved and dry. She smiled shyly at him before sliding into her seat.

He exhaled softly. It had been worth it, then, giving Zoe his money. Now he just had to hold on until the end of class. Zeke put his head down in his arms and tried to sleep.

45 minutes later, the final bell rang, and any students who hadn’t finished already walked to the front of the classroom to hand in their exams. They chattered excitedly, happy to be done with another test and one week closer to graduation.

Zoe looked back at Zeke, but he still had his head down on the desk. Biting her lip, she stood to follow Amber out in the hallway, trying to think of how she would thank the kind boy who had saved her from another unbearable humiliation.

Zeke raised his head as the classroom sounds died down. He watched as Ms. Jensen followed the last student out the door, clutching their exams, presumably on her way to the teachers’ lounge.

Sighing, Zeke stood up, feeling the cool, wet cloth of his gray slacks cling to the back of his thighs. He hadn’t wet completely, but he hadn’t been able to help multiple leaks from escaping. He supposed it wasn’t too bad; at least none of his classmates had noticed.

As Zeke turned to grab his things off the desk, he heard a gasp behind him. Whirling around, he was stunned to see Zoe standing in the doorway of the classroom, her hand over her mouth.

“Zoe…” he choked out. What do you even say?

Slowly, Zoe walked forward. “Did...did you…”

Zeke blushed furiously as he tried to look nonchalant. “It’s nothing,” he muttered.

But Zoe kept moving forward. “Why didn’t you asked for a hall pass?” she asked softly.

Zeke looked down at the tiny girl in front of him. “That was my last fifty,” he replied.

Zoe craned her head to look up at him, her eyes filling with tears. “You did that...for me?” she whispered.

Zeke gazed into her eyes earnestly. “I couldn’t bear to see you go through that again,” he explained.

Zoe’s heart soared. No one had ever done something that generous for her. “But...but you…” She was not being overly successful with words at the moment.

Tearing his gaze away, Zeke blushed more deeply. “I thought I could make it,” he murmured, shrugging. “It’s no big deal.” Gallantry was much harder to pull off when you’re standing in urine-soaked pants, he thought.

“It is a big deal!” Zoe squeaked, suddenly animated. “Giving me that money, that’s the kindest thing anyone’s ever done for me!” She reddened. “You were right, I wasn’t going to make it. I felt terrible and I thought I was done for. And then you tapped me on the shoulder, and I saw the money, and it was honestly, like, sent from heaven!”

Zoe stepped back slightly, embarrassed at her outburst. “I mean…” she continued in a quieter voice. “...you don’t even know me.”

Zeke’s shoulders slumped. “I…” He hesitated, not wanting to say too much. “I’ve sat behind you all year. You’re not obnoxious or entitled like Amber. You’re sweet and kind and cute…”

He cut off, wondering what the world record for blushing was.

Blinking, Zoe looked up at him shyly. “You think I’m cute?”

Zeke smiled ruefully. “Definitely. I was…” he trailed off. What he was going to do probably didn’t matter, now that she’d seen that he’d had an accident.

“Yeah?” Zoe looked up, hopefully.

Encouraged, Zeke drew in a breath. “I was hoping you’d go to prom with me?” It wasn’t a grammatically correct question, but he phrased it as one.

Zoe’s face split into a disbelieving smile. “Really?”

“Well, yeah, if you’re not…”

“I’d love to!” Zoe cried, bouncing slightly. “I mean...wow!”

Zeke grinned. “Well...okay, then!”

They both stood there awkwardly for a few moments. Zoe spoke first. “Should we...I mean, I can show you pictures of my dress, and we can get tickets on Monday, and…”

“Um, Zoe?” Zeke interrupted uncomfortably.

“Oh!” Zoe blushed. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to get carried away, I just…”

“No, no!” Zeke reassured her. “It’s just…” he blushed again, sure that she could feel the heat radiating off his face. “I, um...I still have to go.”

“Oh!” Zoe squeaked again, sharing in Zeke’s embarrassment. “I’ll...I have to catch up with Amber, anyway.” She turned to walk out the door, but looked back over her shoulder. “I’ll talk to you on Monday?” she asked, hesitantly.

Still slightly red, Zeke’s face relaxed into a smile. “Definitely,” he replied.

Zoe beamed and scurried out the door. Zeke bent at the waist, momentarily clutching his crotch before dashing out towards the restrooms. It wasn’t how he’d pictured asking a cute girl to prom, he thought as he relieved himself in the urinal, but hey! It had worked!

