Warcraft Omorashi Story

Author: Earth Shock

*008*2015-02-01 09:19

I got more done, but I didn't get any replies, so I figured nobody was really in to it. I'll post the next part tomorrow.

*011*2015-02-02 02:21

Sera and Laura had traveled together for about two weeks after their first day together, they had become extremely close friends with each other within that time. Eventually they finally reached Sera's target, the city of Dalaran, more specifically it's dungeon. Dalaran's dungeons housed many awful creatures and their security was top notch thanks to the arcane magic employed there. However, Sera had a plan...

Sera survayed the surrounding area around Dalaran noticing that there wasn't anything to be cautious of. Sera spoke up and said "Dalaran is friendly with the Alliance, so we can probably get in to at least the city without any trouble." Sera and Laura walkind in to Dalaran and Laura looked around at the magical aura's everywhere and said "I don't like it here, there is too much magical energy for my taste." Sera responded "Shhh stay quiet, we don't want to attract extra attention... we already have enough just being Night Elves here." Laura whispered to Sera "Where are the dungeons?"

Sera whispering back replied "I'm not completely sure, but I know the enterance is on the southeast area of the city." The two Elves walked around a bit and eventually reached an area that appeared to be one of the dungeon's enterances. Sera whispered to Laura "I think that's it." she said as she started walking towards it. Laura looked around and noticed there were no guards "There aren't any guards around Sera. she said. Sera looking around the door said "Not a huge surprise, most of this stuff is locked up with magic." Laura with a depressed voice said "How are we going to get in then?" Sera responded with a smile and said "Like this!" as she undid the lock keeping the door shut. Laura looked a little puzzled asked "So this door wasn't magical? Just a normal door?" Sera walking in now responded "Nope, after I looked at it I noticed it was normal, so I picked it... I imagine the cell doors are not like that though, now come on Laura!" Laura followed Sera in to the dungeons.

Both the Elven women entered the dungeons and took in the dark and murky atmosphere of the place. Laura whispered to Sera "Want to make a bet?" Sera in an interested tone responded "Now? We are kind of on a mission Laura." Laura continued whispering "It won't be out of the way or anything, and it involved the diapers we are wearing!" Sera now feeling excited responded "Well then, what is it?" as she started moving forward. Laura now following continued whispering "This place is unnerving, plus unless you haven't told me, something you haven't done before, niether of us have peed since we woke up. So I propose, that the first one to wet herself is the loser, and as punishment, she will need to go without a diaper for a day!" Sera grinned "Fair enough, I agree, but we need to get back on track." The two women traveled down the halls a bit looking at all of the awful things locked up in arcane cages.

After some time they reached a cell block housing smaller creatures and humanoids. Sera spoke up "This is the place, they should be around here somewhere!". Laura slowly followed Sera looking at all the sealed cages and vaults "Who or what is it you need from here?". Sera now inspecting the various cells responded "My orders were to locate and break out a specific prisoner". Laura looked at Sera for a moment before asking with a nervous voice "What exactly has this prisoner done?" Sera who was still searching the cells responded "Well, she was extremely skilled, but reckless with magic, to the point where people around her were getting harmed... and even dying". Laura listening so Sera's story stumbled to an open cell door "Sera, I found an open cell!". "Shhhh quiet Laura... but, that is odd, these dungeons are pretty good at keeping things locked up, I wonder what it is".

Sera, now finally reaching the room in question, walked up to one of the crates "Well, want to take a look?" she said as she started opening one before even waiting for Laura's response. "Are you sure this is ok?" Laura asked with an uneasy tone. "I wouldn't worry about it, I'm sure my superiors wouldn't mind some artifacts from..." Sera said before pausing. "What is it Sera?" Laura walked over trying to get a better look". Sera slowely held up a vial "It's water..." she said with a somewhat annoyed look on her face. Laura eyed the vial "I don't know why they would keep water here, perhaps it's a rare type of magical water?". "They would probably keep something like that in their arcane vaults, not in the dungeon, my guess would be it's for the prisoners and just never made it to them" Sera said as she took the five vials out from the small crate and put them in her bag.

Laura watched Sera put the water in her bag "I don't know... I have a feeling...". Sera looked at Laura and grinned "Is your diaper dry?". Laura with a mildly annoyed look responded "Yes, it is... why?". Sera looked back at Laura losing her sly grin before saying "How about we change the deal a bit?" Laura sighed and responded "What is it Sera?" Sera grinned "How about instead of the loser going a day without a diaper, the winner will decide what we do with these, we obviously have differing opinions on what to do." Laura thought for a moment before replying "I can't believe we are basing a decesion like this on one of us wetting ourselves, but why not?" Sera smiled before saying "Alright then! Let's move on."

Sera continued down the hall looking as cell occupants "We should finish our mission, we need to find that mage..." Laura interrupted "Sera, back here! I don't know if it's what we are looking for, but it's a darkened cell, could she be there?" Sera quickly came back to Laura "Hmm, I don't think so, but the device I was given to open these cells has enough power to open three or four cells, we can check I guess, it would save time if she is in here" she said as she took out the device she was given to open Dalaran prison cells.

"You didn't tell me you had something like that." Laura said as Sera was activating the device. Sera responded "You never asked... it was given to me for this mission." as she finished opening the dark cell. Sera continued "Laura, these cells have many creatures and experements in them, we should be ready for anything" Sera said as she began opening the cell. Laura, now ready for battle with her sword in one hand and shield in the other, waited for Sera to open the cell.

Sera opened the cell "EEEEEK!!!" she screamed as an unnaturally large spider lunged towards her. Laura quickly jumped in the way blocking it's leap with her shield "I got this Sera!". Laura chopped the spider's legs off and proceeded to stab it's head, the creature screamed, most certainly in pain, and keeled over dead. "Are you alright Sera?" Laura asked in a worried tone. "I'm fine, I'm sorry I couldn't help I was so scared... I'm normally fine with this sort of stuff, but I have a fear of spiders." Sera said to Laura before glimpsing down at her crotch "And I think you won the bet...".

Laura worried about her friend yet at the same time a little happy to see she won the contest responded "It's alright Sera... I was hoping it would happen soon." Sera hugged Laura "I didn't even feel anything I was so scared..." Sera paused and heard a faint hissing noise, she stepped back and saw Laura with a sly grin on her face. Laura eventually let out a sigh of relief "ahhhh..." Sera smiled before saying "How was it?" Laura smiled back at Sera "It was nice... soooo nice..." she said as she patted her full diaper "However I think we should back to our mission Sera!". Sera noded in agreement before getting up and leading the way, patting her full diaper in the process.

Upon walking deeper in the dungeons, Sera took out one of the vials and held it up and inspected it's crystal clear water "Well Laura... what did you want to do with these?" Sera said with a mildly disappointed voice. "You are really bent on keeping those... why? If it's only water, why is it so important?" Laura replied with an inquisitive voice. Sera turned to Laura "I don't know, I have a feeling they are more, and I just don't want to leave them." Laura walked over to Sera and placed her hand on her shoulder "Very well, I choose to let you hold on to them... but please be careful Sera". Sera noded and placed the vial of water back in her bag before saying "Well... let's find the prisoner Laura."

About ten minutes later, the two Elves found the cell holding the prisoner. Sera looked in it at a Blood Elf woman "Bloodmage Fiora?" she asked. The Blood Elf woman looked up with a quite angry look on her face "Yeah? What do you want?" she responded. Sera began to read a note her superiors had given her "Bloodmage Fiora, imprissoned for reckless use of magic resulting in the deaths of two Kirin Tor", "And I hurt others and disobayed my superiors, and my magic use resulted in various damage to people and property, I know it all, why are you here?" Fiora interrupted. Sera paused and responded "I'll skip the boring stuff and get to the point.

There are certain people in Stormwind who believe you could be a valuable asset, and should you agree to help them in various tasks, research, training, etc. you shall be rewarded with your freedom from this place, a place to live, and anything you require within reason..." Fiora stood up and walked next to the magical field keeping her locked in "So, being locked up in one place, to being restricted and used in another?" she said.

"Well, the choice is yours but we can't stay here very long" Sera replied. "They killed experiment 72B" A voice said from the direction Sera and Laura came from "Sera, I hear guards coming, we need to go... now" Laura said in a panic. About five seconds later Fiora responded "Fine I'm coming... if you are here I assume you have a way to open this cell?". Sera, taking out her device, responded "Yes... I do" as she opened the cell. Fiora stepped out, and took a deep breath "Well then, are you two going to lead the way out?" Laura looked as Sera and noded "Follow me!" Sera said.

The three women ran for a bit before being cut off by a group of Kirin Tor guards. "Halt!" the lead guard yelled as the rest surrounded them. "I'll use a knock out poison on them!" Sera said to her compainions, however, before Sera could even get her daggers ready all the Kirin Tor guards burst in to flame and incinerated. "Killing them is quicker, let's go" Fiora said. Laura and Sera paused and glanced at each other, knowing just what the other was thinking about Fiora's actions. Sera regained her composure and ran towards the exit "We are almost there, there is a sewer exit this way!" Sera said to the others. All three finally reached the exit and escaped towards the wooded area around the foothills.

*015*2015-02-02 08:21

I didn't, but we didn't like post-Cata as much so we played it on a vanilla server.

*018*2015-02-05 22:25

The three women eventually reached a cave in the woods of the foothills of Alterac Mountain, a region known as Hillsbrad. The sun was just starting to come up "Let's get some sleep Laura said to the other two. "I agree" Sera responded. Fiora with a somewhat disgruntled look replied "I don't sleep during the day". "Very well stay up, but we are traveling at night" Sera responded. Fiora laughed a wicked laugh "Your just going to let me, a convict who doesn't even want to go to your city, stay up while you sleep?". Laura turned to Sera and noded. "Fiora" Sera said "Your magic is inhibited by a anklet I put on you after our escape". Fiora with a now angry look pulled up her robe "What!? What the hell!?". "My employer forsaw this and gave that to me to put on you after we escaped, so now that you have no magic, if you try to run both me and Laura will be able to track you no problem at all" Sera in a smug voice said to Fiora.

"Fine!" Fiora shouted as she let herself drop to the ground and began to lay down. Sera looked at Laura "When do you think we could, you know, change?". "Do you have a sleep poison?" Laura replied with a grin. "Yes I do, but I don't normally do it for something like *this*" Sera replied. Laura paused a moment and looked at the laying down, yet obviously still awake Fiora and whispered "Just give it to her... I am not sure I want to be in a wet diaper this long...". Sera noded before taking out a vial of her sleeping poison.

Sera walked closer to Fiora when Fiora suddenly said "I take it that's some sort of sleeping or knock out poison?" Sera looked at Laura briefly before turning to Fiora and responding "Yes it is, how did you guess?". Fiora sat up and looked at Sera "You two were whispering over there and you start slowly walking over with a vial filled with something. You, being a rogue, generally means that something is poison and seeing as your superiors want me alive, it can't be anything lethal" Sera paused for a moment before saying "Yes that's right, care to save me trouble and drink it?". "Yes, give me that, I don't have much choice..." Fiora responded as she grabbed the vial and drank the poison.

"Have fun you two!" Fiora said as she started dozing off. "What do you think she meant by that?" Laura said to Sera. "She must know something is going on, but I don't think she knows what..." Sera replied. Laura looked over at the sleeping Fiora "Well enough about her... you ready to change me?" Sera looked at Laura with an inquisitive look "Feeling in a good mood today? You usually want to change me first". Laura, who had already took her pants off and layed down, looked at Sera and grined before saying "Is it a problem?". Sera who was taking clean diapers out of her bag responded "Oh no, I suppose not...". Sera, slipped off Laura's soaked diaper and cast it aside. She proceeded to take out some powder and powdered Laura's bottom. "Oh Sera..." Laura remarked with a giggly smile.

Sera opened up the new clean diaper and put it over Laura's bottom and taped it up "All done Laura!". Laura stood up and squirmed around in the new crinckling diaper "So nice..." she said quietly. Sera pulled her pants down almost immediatly after and said to Laura "My turn now!". "Of course of course, don't get worked up" Laura replied. Laura began changing Sera's diaper, during which Sera kept giggling. "Well you sure are enjoying yourself."

Laura responded as she finished taping up Sera's new diaper. "Oooh so nice!" Sera said in a giggly voice. Laura yawned "I suppose we should get some sleep...". Sera noded in agreement and layed down a few feet from Selphina. Only a few moments later Sera said to Laura "Umm Laura I need to ask something..." Laura with a somewhat sleepy tone asked "What is it Sera?" Sera now trembling asked "Can... can I... can I sleep with you?" Laura now a little shocked calmly responded "Well... why not? It might be fun." Sera moved next to Laura and cuddled with her "Thank you..." she said before dozing off.

Upon waking up, Sera noticed Fiora awakend playing with a nearby rock. "You make a pretty lousy jailor Night Elf" Fiora said with a smug voice. Laura now waking up as well looked at Fiora and replied "Well, why did you not run then?". "There was no reason to, plus seeing you two together was so cute hah!" Fiora replied. The three women all remained silent for a brief period before Sera spoke up "I suppose we should get some water... my flask is empty." Laura agreed and replied "There is a river to the east, or we can go Southshore, that's what's on the map anyway."

Sera thoughts for only a moment and said "Nah, Southshore is still really close to Dalaran, we need to stay hidden until we at the very least get through Arathi." Laura noded in agreement. Fiora spoke up "I haven't had anything to drink in almost two days now, what about the water in your bag?" Laura and Sera looked at each other for a second before Sera replied with "How did you know about that?" Fiora responded "I could sense it, I am actually quite skilled in hydromancy." Sera pulled one out and held it up and responded "We found these in the dungeon... we don't know if it is just water for the prisoners, or something special."

Fiora inspected it as Sera held it before saying "That's what we got our water in, the reason it is held is special vials is because they need to survive being put through the arcane barrier of each cell." Sera cautiously continued looking at it "Why was it in a cell?" she asked Fiora. "My best guess is that some of the jailors didn't bother passign a few out, they were not the most... hospitable... bunch." Fiora responded. Sera opened the vial and smelled it "Well it doesn't smell like anything." Fiora interrupted Sera "Because it's water, and I would prefer it sooner rather then later, I'm parched." Laura eventually chimed in "Sera, I doubt she would poison herself, and I don't see how it could help her escape." Sera now with Laura's thoughts on the matter said "Alright Fiora, I'll give you one, but I am also drinking one."

Fiora looked at Sera with a somewhat annoyed look "Why? Do you think something is going to happen? Do you think I will sprout wings and fly away or something like that?" Sera calmly responded "I am not sure, but I have a feeling this is more then water and I have a feeling you know what it is." Fiora laughed and said "Ha! you are two paranoid, but if you insist, bottoms up!" Both Fiora and Sera drank the water as Laura watched. Sera noticed Laura watching and asked "Want one?" Laura a little hesitent at first eventually replied "Alright, I'll drink it to." Sera proceeded to pull one out and give it to Laura who drank it. "Let's get out of here, I don't think it's wise to stay in this region" Fiora said to the other two. The three ran onward as Laura whispered to Sera "Who does she think she is giving orders now?" Sera responded "Forget about it, she still can't do much, and we need to go here anyway."

Sera, Laura, and Fiora had finally reached Thoradin's Wall, a wall seperating the Hillsbrad Foothills from the Arathi Highlands built ages past to keep Arathor's enemies out. "Well I think we are far enough away from the Kirin Tor now" Fiora said. "Indeed, but there is other things to worry about... a group of criminals called "The Syndicate" hang out at this region, not to mention the Horde has influence here as well" Sera replied to Fiora.

Laura spoke up soon after "And I would avoid the Alliance as well, in case the Kirin Tor sent word to nearby areas". Fiora looked at Laura and Sera and quite bluntly asked "Why do you two wear diapers?". Both of the Night Elven women blushed and looked at each other then back at Fiora "And why would you think that?" Laura asked. "I know, not think, and it's because I can hear them, see how you walk, you two wanted intamate alone time despite not making out, and neither of you has stopped to pee since you broke me out of prison" Fiora responded in a very assertive voice. Sera after pausing for a moment replied "So what if we are? You have some sort of issue with that?"

Fiora paused for a moment "I have no problem whatsoever, I just thought it was amusing" she replied with a grin. "Amusing huh?" Laura said with an annoyed voice. Sera put her hand on Laura's shoulder "Don't get too worked Laura, she's just trying to stir up trouble." After Laura quieted down a bit Fiora continued "Yes amusing, I ask again however, why do you wear them?". Sera responded "Because we have issues!" while Selphina simaltaniously replied "Because they are conveinant!" Fiora looked at the two Night Elves who gave seperate responses and grinned "I see" she responded.

Sera and Laura both blushed and in an embarresed voice Laura said to Fiora "Fine, we wear them because we enjoy it, we have fun with it, is that a problem for you? If it is, then too bad." Fiora smiled and responded while laughing a little "It doesn't bother me, I just think it's funny that two grown women, Night Elves of all races, are in to diapers." Sera spoke up in an annoyed voice "Well we are not normal Night Elves I guess." Fiora now calming down a bit responded "Heh, I kind of could tell even before I noticed the diaper thing... regardless, I like you two, I think this will be a fun trip." Sera shook her head and Laura whispered something in her ear and Sera perked up a bit.

Sera looked at Fiora and grinned before saying "Why don't *you* try wearing one Fiora?". Fiora was silent for a moment before saying "That's below someone of my stature". Laura looked at Sera who was facepalming the obvious bullshit response Fiora gave. "Are you afraid or embarressed Fiora?" Laura asked. Fiora with a mildly angry voice responded "Not at all, I'm more just worried about my image should anyone find out or you two tell someone, I was once I very presigous mage before the Kirin Tor betrayed me, and I would prefer to keep that image, should I ever get back to society... not become some creepy diaper wearing criminal on the run, for lack of a better description...". Sera who had been looking at Laura turned back to Fiora "But you *are* a criminal on the run, and seeing as we are attempting to keep a low profile, I don't really think anyone will be finding out...". Fiora, now extremely annoyed by the two pestering Night Elves responded in a harsh voice "Fine! Give me one!".

Sera smiled and pulled a new diaper out of her bag and handed it to Fiora who grabbed it from her hand in a violent fashion. "I'm heading to that tall grass and putting this on, you two lesbians better not stare, or you will be staring at a rock heading towards your face..." Fiora yelled as she moved to the tall grass. Laura and Sera both turned away giving Fiora the privacy she quite clearly wanted and whispered to each other "That was quicker then I thought." Laura whispered. "Well, hopefully it will distract her enough to shut up." A few moments later Fiora walked out of the grass "It feels kind of weird..." she said to the two Night Elf women. Sera turned and looked at Fiora "You will end up liking it, trust me" she said to her. Laura continued after Sera "Even if only for conveinance". Fiora who was patting her behind to feel the diaper replied "Let's get back to traveling, we have already wasted enough time here". Both of the Night Elf women agreed and started walking again.

Dawn was approaching and the three women got ready for bed. "This looks like a good place to rest, we should reach the Wetlands by tomorrow" Sera said to the other two. Laura looked at Fiora "How are you holding up?". Fiora who was obviously desperate to pee responded "Damn, I have never had to piss so bad". Sera overhearing the conversation said to Fiora "Just go... that's sort of the point of a diaper". Fiora squirming around replied "Maybe you two can go wherever but... I actually did try earlier and couldn't... so I am just holding it until I can't anymore". "Well alright I suppose" Selphina responded. Sera looked at Fiora and said "You are an odd little Elf". Fiora squirming around looked at Sera with an annoyed look before responding "Oh really? What makes you think that? You are the two lesbians who wear diapers!". Sera now giggling responded "You act all high, mighty, and prissy, yet the stuff you do is far from it, even down to putting a diaper on...".

Fiora, now extremely desperate to pee replied "Yeah well, if I'm going to be stuck with you two for awhile I mine as well embrace it, not to mention I wanted to shut you up." Sera with a sly voice responded "Whatever you say miss priss". Fiora, now angered lept over to Sera tackling her. Sera now being held down by Fiora looked her in the eyes before saying "I mean miss piss!". Just then Fiora noticed the hissing noise, she was wetting herself. "Feel better?" Laura who had been watching the whole time asked. Fiora got off Sera and stood up and poked her diaper a bit "Actually... yes..." she responded. "Well that's good" Sera said dusting off her clothing. Laura in an attempt to lighten the tense mood spoke up "Well I think we should probably get some rest". Sera and Laura started preparing for the next day and eventually layed down to sleep. Fiora a little disgruntled and in a wet diaper shrugged "Meh, whatever..." before also laying down for bed and eventually falling asleep.

*021*2015-02-10 04:47

I have one last ready part I will post tomorrow and am working on the one after. After that I don't have much, but seeing as I made this with someone initially, I am perfectly fine with any input or anything people might like to see.

I plan on adding a fourth character and debated on a fifth, should I have four or five?

Should the next be an original character? Or a recognizable one?

What could the main goal be? I haven't really decided it yet.

Any other particular scenarios you might like to see?

You get the idea.

*022*2015-02-11 02:42

The sun was setting, soon night would be here and the three women would travel once more. Laura was the first to wake. She rubbed her eyes and placed her hands over her face when she noticed something... she had two strang bumps on her forhead. Laura screamed waking Fiora and Sera up. Sera still half asleep responded "What the hell is it Laura? You are going to alert everyone in a five mile radius." Laura grabbed her and shook her waking her up "Look, I have wierd bumps on my head!" she said. Sera inspected Laura's forhead before saying "What is that?". Laura mildly annoyed responded "If I knew do you think I would be freaked out?". Sera parted her hair to get a better look when Laura noticed that Sera to had the odd bumps. "You have them to!" Laura said to Sera. Fiora waking up finally spoke to the two women "What are you two yelling about?" when the two Night Elves lifted their hair.

"Look!" Laura said to Fiora. Fiora quickly felt her forhead and began laughing, as she to had the bumps. "I guess it's taking effect finally" Fiora said to herself, although loud enough for the other two to overhear. Sera walked over grabbed Fiora and shook her "And what exactly is *it*?" she said. Fiora paused before explaining to them "You see, that water we all drank was not actually water". Sera turned to Laura "I knew something was up!" she said.

Fiora continued "The reason they were in the dungeon was because the liquid itself is a prisoner." Laura and Sera both horrified, stayed silent to hear more. "It was a strange type of energy, my superiors didn't know where it came from, but they learned it was fel based. They eventually gave it to me to study as I had experience with fel magic. This was not something done lightly as most didn't want me exposed to fel energy because I had been addicted to it in the past, however, I was the most qualified and a higher ranking mage convinced the rest to go with it under supervision."

Laura and Sera now slightly calmer now that the initial shock was gone continued listening. Fiora continued "I discovered it was a living entity itself, a type of demon not encountered before. My studies learned it was not sentient, which calmed many of the researchers, myself included. I tried using the energy on rats and it produced demon-like ones, similar in effect to when one is to drink demon blood or absorb fel energy. The rats eventually died however."

Sera spoke up "Wait, are you saying we are going to die!?" Fiora shushed Sera "Shhh... let me finish, anyway, I noticed the larger rats lived longer, so I thought, perhaps if a host of decent size, capable of surviving the energy were to use it, perhaps it would live and thrive.

My superiors thought the research should end and that it was too dangerous, so they had me contain it in a liquid and sealed it in the dungeon, but I was able to secretly keep one, I needed to try it on something larger, so late one night I tested it on a bear outside the city which I montered for the next day, the results were very interesting, it was corrupted, but survived and thrive... but the bear was promptly killed by an mage who discovered me. While they had no direct evidence, they assumed it was me and I was sent back and banned from any experimenting indefinately. They allowed me to stay in the city because of everything I had done for it and because they couldn't prove anything, but I wasn't allowed to do anything experamental."

Fiora paused for a moment and Laura yelled "What then?" Fiora started telling the story again "Well, as you can probably guess, I was not pleased at all, but I got curious... how would it effect a humanoid? It was no problem that I was banned from experimenting as they disallow experimenting on humanoids anyway, so I figured the only way I could is if I forced it upon someone or tried it myself. Despite how it might look I am not *that* bad, and I wouldn't force it on someone, so I figured I would use it on myself." Sera feeling the lumps said "Umm... why would you do that?" Fiora paused for a moment with a disappointed looke and responded "It's a Blood Elf thing I guess, now let me finish.

Anyway, I had planned on sneaking in to the dungeon one night and drinking it for myself, but I was caught, somehow they knew I was going there, and I was thrown in the cell where you found me right then and there." Sera and Laura now almost completely calm asked "So what's going to happen to us now?" Fiora grinned "If I theory is right, our bodies are strong enough to house the energy... and it will give us power, lots of it." Laura spoke up "And the lumps?" Fiora smiled "Oh, those are horns growing." Sera sighed "Ugh this is so against what our people are..." Fiora interrupted "Don't worry, they energy is it's own, you won't become slaves to the Legion or anything... plus you are no longer Night Elves, you will become something better."

Laura spoke up "Are we changing in to something different?" Fiora paused before answering "Yes and no, yes you will change, but no you are not going to become something entirely different. You will most likely grow horns, wings, fangs, and a tail, your skin will darken and might even crack around the hands and feet exposing the fel energy within..."Sera with her head in her hands said "Oh great..." Fiora walked over to Sera and held her hands "I'm sorry, I didn't want this for you, I didn't expect you to drink the water and I... well, I was too obsessed to give any warnings as I knew you wouldn't let me have it if I did... but I have been with you gals a week now and like you guys now, at first I thought you were some generic duty obsessed agents on a mission, but you two are so friendly together, and even to me, your prisoner." Sera looked up at Fiora "Well thank you, but still..."

Laura spoke up "Well, what should we do now? I doubt we will be allowed back in the state we will soon be." Sera looked at Fiora then back at Laura "Maybe we should travel together, that is what you planned on doing when you came here right?" she said. Laura nodded and responded "Yes, but what about her?" as she pointed at Fiora. Sera thought for a moment and responded "We will take her with us I suppose." Laura responded to Sera's idea "We are going to be hunted if she comes with us" Sera noded and continued "Plus if I don't return her to Stormwind, there will be more then the Kirin Tor after us." Laura smiled and said "Sounds like this could be fun." Sera frowned and responded "I never thought I would be the one running, part of my job was to find people running away." Fiora interrupted "So have you two decided on what you plan on doing? I assume that's what you are discussing." Sera noded at Laura "Let's do it." she said.

The two Night Elves walked up to Fiora and spoke to her. Sera started "Fiora, it seems we won't be returning... I am not sure if this was part of your plan, but it's how it turned out regardless." Fiora grinned "Actually, I didn't plan on it, but I can't say I am disappointed at all." Laura spoke up "You are coming with us though, just not to Stormwind."

Fiora smiled and responded in a sly tone "I was kind of hoping I could stay with you guys a bit, where are we going?" Laura responded to Fiora's inquery "Not sure yet." Fiora got a disappointed look for a brief time then perked up and responded "I know of a place... if you guys are willing to go through with it." The Night Elves looked at each other and both asked "What is it?" Fiora with a grin responded "It's a bit of a story, I'll tell it tomorrow, but I will say it's something we can obtain to gain power!" Laura and Sera both looked at each other slightly nervous. Fiora noticed their look and responded "Don't worry, I won't do anything." Sera after a moment said "Come on we should find a place to crash for the night."

After searching for some time, the sun started to rise. All three women, now with more developed demonic features, short horns, small wings, a short tail, small fangs, and slightly larger breasts got ready for bed. Fiora grinned, her small fangs visible, and said to Laura and Sera "I need to go now..." The two Night Elven woman looked at her "Well just go then!" Laura said to her. Fiora with a look of relief on her face replied "I already am!". Fiora who had just finished wetting herself looked at the other two and said "You know, to be honest, I actually did this on a few occasions in my cell..." Sera playing with her short tail replied "Go on!" Fiora continued "Well the cell itself was no hotel, and seeing as nobody was around and I wasn't getting out anytime soon, sometimes I just didn't care and peed when I was lying or sittign down, although at the time, it was not quite as... thrilling, as it is now."

Laura grinned, her to with fangs "I see" she said. Sera spoke up "Well I need to pee now, but I kind of want to try something new, I mean, we have time on our hands now." Laura thought "Hmm... I have an idea!" she said. Sera now curious watched as Laura who had also been holding her pee for quite some time pulled her pants then diaper down about half way and started wetting in it. Laura had a major grin on her face during the whole release, eventually finished and pulled her diaper and pants back up. Sera now extremely turned on replied "That is so hot! My turn".

Sera who she herself was ready to burst proceeded to do the same thing. Sera had a much louder hissing noise as she had to go much more then Laura did. Sera finished and pulled her tight leather pants and diaper back up. Fiora to was a bit turned on, but didn't have to go, sadly for her. Fiora spoke up, by the way I was thinking... my tail has been growing, and it's sort of feeling confined, unlike my wings, it doesn't seem to be ripping through my clothes, could one of you cut a hole in the back of my diaper and pants for it, as it's going to get longer."

Sera replied "Yes!" Fiora lifted her robes and Sera and took one of her daggers and cut a small slit in Fiora's back diaper and pants and Fiora, who had gotten quite used to her new features quickly moved her tail through it. Fiora giggled and spoke up some more "I was also wondering, maybe my robe to? I kind of want it in the open, there is no point hiding it if everything else is visible, and it would feel nice." Sera continued by cutting another slit in Fiora's robe, which Fiora slipped her tail through again. Laura and Fiora decided to do the same and Sera made a slit in Laura's diaper and pants and gave her dagger to Laura for her to do the same. Sera continued by cutting holes in the upper back part of the rest of their diapers, which were running extremely low.

Sera spoke up "Uh oh, we only have two days left if all three of us wear only one each day." Laura responded "Actually where did you get them anyway?" Sera responded "Well I knew a tailor in Stormwind who made "odd" things, not only diapers but other strange outfits and garments to, but they were the only place I ever found adult diapers, she used to make special ones for me since I am much larger then humans." Fiora spoke up "These are not cloth diapers though."

Sera continued "True, but the outside is, the inside is pretty standard." Laura now getting used to moving her wings around spoke up "Where will we get more? I don't think I can really go without them anymore." Sera thought for a moment "I suppose we could make them, plus they would be custom made to fit us." Fiora spoke up "Oh finally! These ones I have have been so big!" All three women agreed on getting cloth and the other required materials the next night, but now the sun was fully up, and they decided it would be best to get some sleep.

*024*2015-02-11 21:29

That's what I was going for, but if there was demand for a real one, I would of been fine with it to.

*025*2015-02-14 08:57

I got some more if there is still any demand.

*027*2015-02-15 03:41

Here you go.

The next day the women awoke, their demonic features now completely developed, Laura was the first to wake. Laura got up and stretched her wings and tail, before poking her diaper which was now quite wet, she giggled "Seems I had accident when I was sleeping, it's much much wetter then when I went to sleep". Fiora woke up next followed shortly by Sera. "Wow... my diaper is soaked..." Fiora said to the others. Sera quickly poked hers "Mine to!" she exclaimed. "Hmm... perhaps the demonic corruption finishing caused our body to lose control... granted, I can't say I am unhappy it happened" Fiora said to the others while poking her diaper.

Laura interrupted Sera and Fiora "Alright, we should change before we head out...". Fiora asked akwardly "...umm, could one of you... change me?" both Night Elven women looked at her. "Are you being serious?" Sera said to Fiora. Fiora replied "Yes, you two have so much fun with it... I want to be part of it." as she was staring at the two women. "Of course Fiora!" Laura said as she was opening her pack and pulling out three of the six remaining fresh diapers. Fiora layed down and spread her legs for Laura who was nearly ready to take off her soaked diaper when Fiora told her to stop." Laura responded "What is..." she paused as she heard a hissing noise coming from Fiora.

Fiora smiling responded "Morning piss... I figured since we are low I should do it before we got changed." Laura laughed as nearly all of it leaked out on to the ground around Fiora. Laura wiped up Fiora's nether region and Fiora giggled a bit "hehehehe". Laura was nearly ready to put on her new diaper when she paused. Another hissing noise could be heard and Laura had a major grin on. Fiora and Sera looked at Laura who was leaking heavily. Laura finished peeing and ended with "Ahhhhhh... I figured I would follow suit Fiora." Fiora laughed a bit then said "Well finish diapering me now!".

Laura finished and her and Fiora stood up when they both heard a hissing noise. They simultaniously turned to Sera who's pants were getting wet down the legs. Sera grinned "I'm done to! Ha!" she said. Laura laughed and layed down "Too bad Sera, but I'm first!" Sera kneeled down and changed Laura rather quickly, then layed down herself. Laura went to change Sera when Fiora put her hand on Laura's shoulder and said "I got this!". Fiora proceeded to change Sera's diaper, a little slow at first, but she got it right. All three women got up and began walking keeping an eye out for a Gnoll camp, for it most likely had enough cloth to make a decent amount of diapers.

About an hour had passed and the three women were slowly making their way through the damp and smelly marshes to a Gnoll camp they saw in the distance a few minutes ago. Laura turned to Fiora and asked "So Fiora... what is your goal anyway?". Fiora paused and looked back "My goal... my goal is to gain power, and with it have revenge on those who wronged me." Laura turned to Sera with an akward look which Sera shared. Fiora looked at the nervious Night Elves "Don't worry you two, I like you, I wouldn't harm you.

My grudge is against the Scourge, and to a lesser degree, the Kirin Tor, and even then, I don't plan on killing anything living." Sera spoke up "Well that is good I suppose..." Fiora giggled "It's alright... though, I need to ask, what is *your* goal?" Sera responded "I used to do shady work for Stormwind, tracking, spying, assassination, etcetera, but that's gone now so I decided to stay with Laura." Laura spoke after Sera finished "My goal is to learn all I can about battle and things related to it, I am not sure why, but that's why I came here anyway. I figured it could work out with your goal Fiora."

Fiora noded and said "And the diapers?" Laura replied "It was actually Sera who got me in to them, and not even that long ago... I traveled a lot and did quite a bit of fighting, so at times, actually a lot of the time, I would just piss myself, as I couldn't be bothered with something trivial like that when fighting." Laura looked at Sera and smiled "Then I met Sera, whe wore them and introduced me to them." Sera continued after Laura had paused "I was often given recon missions due to being a Night Elf as we tend to be much more skilled in the art of stealth then most other races."

Sera smiled and continued "Often times I would have to sit in a place for a long time for missions and of course, needing to go to the bathroom was an issue, not being a guy who can sort of just unzip and aim, I needed a method of peeing without drawing attention, and well, I started wearing diapers..." Fiora now closely listening to Sera said "Go on".

Sera continued "I was a little mortified at first but after several missions it didn't bother me anymore, and in fact I started enjoying it... the thought of just going wherever and nobody knowing! It was thrilling! I started wearing them more often and now all the time! I haven't worn anything other then a diaper for about a year now!". Laura spoke up "I only just started recently, when I met Sera, she was... quite open about the whole thing." Laura looked back at Fiora "And she convinced me to help her with her mission, to free you, as I had the strength she lacked. I was a little wierded out by her secret at first but she convinced me and I started wearing them as well." Sera and Laura looked at each other and smiled.

Sera turned to Fiora "So Fiora, what's *your* story? I mean you told us about the magic and relation to it, but not really *your* story". Fiora spoke up "Well I'll tell you from the start I suppose." Fiora who sat down to tell the story motioned for the others to also sit. Fiora started talking "I was once a high ranking mage for my people, but after the Scourge wiped most of us out and the sunwell was destroyed, we turned to fel magic." Both Night Elves continued to listen "Eventually a group of us returned to our home after we, shall I say "Disagreed" with the road the prince was taking.

While we gave up fel magic, we were still scarred and tainted. Eventually seeing my home in ruins, I had no reason to stay personally, but because of my skills with magic, I decided to go to Dalaran to see what I could do. I was not well recieved, but eventually one mage spoke for me and I was able to get in. I was under constant supervision, which I can't blame them for too much, but I was content for awhile." Fiora fanned her wings out a bit before continuing. "My favorite thing to do was experiment with magic, and after being there a couple years, they finally let me go back to doing that, again, under strict supervision.

It all went well until one day a fel energy was found, the archmage who spoke up for me gave it to me to study, knowing I had experience with it, I told you what I found about it earlier so I won't bother going in to detail. However, working with it eventually caused my fel addiction to return, I wanted it, but I knew I shouldn't. I sealed it in a special enchanted water and gave it to my superiors to seal in the dungeon." Fiora sighed before continuing "But one night I couldn't stop it anymore, I needed to have it. I went to the dungeon and they were waiting for me.

They falsely accused me of some other thing that happened, a murder, and threw me in the dungeon then and there, and that's where I was, until freed by you." Sera spoke up "So... you knew the water housed fel energy, I'm guessing that's why you were hellbent on getting it." Fiora noded and replied "Yes, and I must say now that I have absorbed it, I have no regrets." Laura who had been practicing moving her wings during the story spoke up "I will say it *does* feel nice... and I am liking the new features." Fiora stood back up and started walking again, the other two followed her. Fiora started talking again as they walked "I am thinking the mage that spoke for me commited the murder as I would be extremely easy to frame if they found traces of fel magic, and he knew of my former addiciton, and it was probably part of his plan to reawaken that." Fiora paused talking for a minute to look at the rather close gnoll camp "Seems we are pretty much there." she said.

The two Night Elves got their weapons ready when Fiora asked them "Since we are together now, think you could remove this inhibitor anklet? It would make things much easier." Laura looked at Sera who shared an uneasy looked, but they eventually noded to each other in agreement. Sera responded to Fiora "Yes, we will... I hope I won't regret this Fiora." Fiora smiled after Sera unlocked her anklet and responded "You won't, I'm not some horrible evil person... I just want power and revenge." Sera and Laura were still slightly uneasy but continued to the camp of gnolls.

Laura took out oen of her swords and her shield and charged in to the camp at the group of eight or so gnolls, a bold and risky move to say the least. This did not please the gnoll group in the slightest and all of them began attacking her. The gnolls were quite unskilled and Laura had much experience, so she was able to hold them off despite being outnumbered. "Your turn!" Laura yelled to Fiora and Sera. Fiora began casting a blizzard spell, a spell that causes shards of ice to rain down, on the gnolls. Fiora shouted "Don't move Laura." Fiora manipulated her spell to leave a deadzone around Laura preventing her friend from taking damage. The gnolls screamed in pain as the freezing ice shards slashed their hides.

A single gnoll that none of them had noticed appeared behind Fiora and whipped it's dagger out to stab her in the back, for she was busy concentrating on her spell, but before it could it fell over dead. Sera was standing behind it's corpse, daggers drawn out. Sera smiled and said to the startled Fiora "I needed to do something" Laura walked up to Fiora and Sera and said "Well, that was... fun, I suppose" Sera looked at the frost covered gnolls and said "I thought Blood Mages used fire to kill things." Fiora grinned and responded "That would of destroyed the cloth." Sera noded in approval.

Laura started laughing and Fiora and Sera turned to her asking "What is it?" Laura who calmed down a bit said "I wet myself during that fight!" Fiora and Sera looked at Laura who was undoing her belt to pull her pants down and show her wet diaper to her friends. Laura's diaper was indeed wet, which turned Sera on a little. Sera regained herself and spoke up "We should probably get the cloth and scram." Laura who had finished pulling her pants up noded and took out a dagger and began helping Sera cut the decent cloth off the gnoll corpses. Fiora watched the two Night Elves and said to them "I hope that will be washed first, I don't want to wear that in it's current... state." Sera who finished getting the last of the usable cloth responded "Of course!"

Sera found a small stream and yelled to the other two "I found some clean water!" Fiora and Laura followed Sera's voice and came upon the stream in question. Laura who was holding the cloth kneeled down next to the water and began rinsing it. Sera watched Laura rinse the cloth and said "Perhaps we should clean all of our clothes and bath." Fiora who started taking her clothes off responded "I agree." All three women had taken their clothes off and began bathing with each other. Laura and Sera giggled as they played with each others breasts a bit. Fiora washed her robes in the meantime.

After washing their clothes, the women began washing themselves. Fiora grinned and asked the Night Elves "Could one of you get my wings? I can't reach all of them." Laura smiled, revealing her fangs "Sure thing Fiora." she replied. Laura began rubbing Fiora's wings getting the dirt and blood off "Ah, that is so relaxing!" Fiora said. The Elves all cleaned each other up and got out of the water and layed down to dry off in the sun. Sera stretched her wings out letting the sun hit them, Fiora nd Laura followed suit. Sera spoke up "So Fiora, where are we going first?" Fiora playing around with her tail responded "Dustwallow Marsh... more specifically Onyxia's Lair." Laura with a sigh uttered "Great, back to Kalimdor... and more smelly water filled areas."

Fiora laughed and responded "Well you said you wanted to go where I was going." Sera spoke up directly after Fiora spoke "And what is in Onyxia's Lair Fiora?" she said. Fiora got a more serious look "An artifact, actually, said artifact is a suit of armor that grants it's wearer immense power." The two Night Elves who had gotten more comfortable with Fiora's quest for power got up. "We should probably get in to new diapers, we only have enough for one each until more are made."

Fiora and Sera agreed and they all proceeded to change each other in to fresh diapers. Sera and Laura both eagerly changed each other and after they finished, Laura changed Fiora. "So about making new ones?" Sera asked. Fiora smiled and said "I got that covered." Fiora took the now cleaned cloth scraps and started weaving them together with a magic spell. Laura looked at the cloth "I don't know how I feel about cloth diapers." Laura said. Fiora responded "Shhh they won't be cloth, I just cloth as a base." Laura now accompanied by Sera watched Fiora craft several diapers after a few minutes of spell casting.

Fiora finished casting her spell and replied "There, all done!" Sera and Laura looked at a stack of diapers, a measly six. Laura spoke up "Umm Fiora, I don't mean to sound ungrateful or anything, but six isn't enough to last for long at all." Fiora grinned and responded "Yes it is..." Sera and Laura both got a puzzled look before Sera asked "What exactly do you mean?" Fiora laughed and responded "They are imbued with magic, they will be able to take more wetting, and they also clean themselves if not in use for a bit, so basically two for each of us that we alternate." Laura now with a pleased look responded "That's awesome!"

Sera replied "It is!" Fiora smiled but then got a more serious look "Well, they will only last for a week or so before they start to wear out, however, if I had some magical cloth like mageweave or runecloth or something, I could probably make more permanent ones, with possibly even special features." Sera quickly looked from her diaper to Fiora "Special features?" Fiora now a little happy about the whole thought of magical diapers responded "Yeah, like retaining warmth and stuff like that." Sera and Laura both now very happy hugged each other and smiled at Fiora.

Laura calmed down much quicker and said to Fiora "I guess we have another objective, finding enchanted cloth." Fiora noded and responded "Yes we will." Sera now pretty eager said "Well let's go then!" Laura leaned over and whispered to Sera "You should probably put your clothes on first, not sure if you want to be seen topless in a diaper." Sera got an embarresed look before putting her clothes on. Fiora and Laura proceeded to do the same and the three women started the next day of their journey.
