Date Panic! - Page 3

Author: OmoCommando

*057*2014-01-12 11:20

{{:

I know this post is waaay too late, (since I only discovered this thread yesterday), but I really like Emma O'Neill. I know she's an 'easy' dating choice, but her personality is so much like mine. I could really warm up to her.... *blushes*

Once our date with Nikki is finished, can we vote again who we'd like to date?

}}

Yes. After this date, we can go on another date with Nikki or try out a different character.

Back to story

"Well I don't have too much of an appetite right now," you say, "So I thought maybe we could warm up the night on some slots."

"I mean this politely," the eccentric girl replies, "but screw that."

You blink twice. That was not the response you were anticipating.

"I'm itching for some blackjack. Come on!" Nikki grabs your wrist and pulls you to one of the blackjack tables. A middle-aged man shuffles some cards as he looks over at the two of you.

"Minimum bet is ten, folks. How many chips do you want?" he says loudly.

Nikki puts a bill on the table. "I'll take a hundred." she smirks. "Start off slowly and work my way to fortune!"

She looks over at you with another amused smile.

"Come on! Let's make this night fun!"

You nod in acknowledgement. How much should you start off with? A modest number might be good. After all, you wanted to be able to pay for dinner later. Nothing said "I fail at dates" like asking your date to pay for the meal. Then again, Nikki might be quite impressed if you display your bravado by making a high wager. Remember, you only brought 200 cR.

How many chips should you start with?

> 50

> 100

> All 200

Current Trust Level: Warming up.

*059*2014-01-12 12:43

A just question. The average-sized dinner for one person in this story costs about 25 cR.

(the reason I used an unfamiliar currency is so that it wouldn't seem like I'm favoring readers of a particular culture)

*073*2014-01-15 07:51

Apologies for the delay, been fighting some sickness which has been messing with my ability to keep my hand steady [email protected]

Still recovering, but I don't want to fall behind.

So without further ado...

###

"100 chips, please."

You pass over 100 cR, and the dealer gives you 100 chips.

"Let's start small." Nikki says to you. "We don't want to blow everything in one hand so how about… we bet 30?"

You nod. Sound like a reasonable bet. If you won, that's another dinner. And so the two of you each lay down 30 chips.

"All bets are in!" the dealer announces. He picks up the cards and you prepare yourself. If you won this first hand, surely the night would end up being a good one.

You have 12, Nikki has 18, dealer has a jack face-up

What action do you take?

> Hit

> Stand

> Double

> Surrender

Current Trust Level: Warming Up

