Choose Wisely: The Labryinth. My new omorashi story!

Author: kyrieelleison14

*006*2014-01-30 02:00

The next chapter. Let me know what you guys think!

Chapter 2: Anna’s Journey

Anna walked along the bridge, fighting back tears at what had happened. She had woken up in the middle of a strange maze somewhere underground, and the only comfort was the four other girls who were also with her. Now she was alone, she had no idea where she was going or what was ahead, and to make matters worse she still needed to pee. She pressed her hand slightly into the crotch of her jeans to ease the pressure that had been building since she had woken up. Maybe it was nerves or the effects of being unconscious but ever since she woke up she had to pee steadily more and more, and she had had nothing to drink.

She had come to the end of the bridge, where an open archway greeted her, and beyond it stairs downward, having no other place to go she walked down the stairs.

“Where am I now” she said quietly, having reached the bottom of the stairs, and she saw before her two different paths, one that looked like a forest trail; dirty and with grasses growing at the edges and another that looked more like the rocky stone bridge she had just left.

“What’s with this place and choices” she said to herself, this was the second time there was a choice of paths, and she didn’t like the consequences of the path they had originally taken, back when they were still a they. She had another choice to make, forest or stone?

After some deliberation, she went with the stone path, the forest might have something nasty waiting for her, and at the very least might impede her movement, and she needed to find a place to pee soon.

She set off along the path, her footsteps echoing off of the stone walls, light by torches again. Her bladder began to ache again, feeling like it was filling up with every step she took. The prospect of peeing on the cold ground was beginning to look more like an option, but she couldn’t bring herself to do that just yet.

“Just don’t think about it, and I won’t need to pee as much, right” Anna said and she hurried down the hall. She tried to focus on other things, such as what the hell she was doing here, and what had happened right before she had woken up. She had just reached the bathroom, no one was in there, but when she closed the door someone was in there, but she wasn’t sure if it was a girl or a guy, or even a child or an adult. Then everything went black, and that was all she could remember. While she was trying to remember she came upon a set of two more diverging paths.

“This is getting ridiculous! What kind of maze is this” she yelled to no one in particular. Both paths seemed to be the same, stone walls that she had come down, and since her bladder’s aching grew steadily as she thought she picked at random and went left.

She began walking down the new hallway, and from behind her came a loud crash. She jumped and almost lost a spurt of pee, but once she had regained her composure and her control she turned around to see that the floor had risen up and blocked her way back; she had no choice but to move forward now.

“This place is so creepy” she thought to herself “Everything moves around and makes it so I can’t double back or change my choice or anything”.

This hallway seemed to be getting darker; the torches on the wall were becoming more infrequent and they seemed to burn less bright. It made the hallway rather cold in comparison, and the chill was making it harder to not focus on Anna’s filling bladder. She kept moving with one hand pressed against her crotch to ease the pressure, there had to be a place somewhere she could escape and or pee. The hallway turned suddenly and she came to a dead end.

“No, wait this is the only way” she yelled and banged her hands against the wall. To her surprise, the wall moved downward and out of sight leaving her way open again.

“That seemed almost too easy” she thought, but continued moving again, the pain in her bladder was becoming more of a sharp pain than a dull ache and she knew she didn’t have much time. She had a small bladder, she was aware of it, but she was always careful to go before movies and road trips. This time she had no bathroom in sight, and she was getting past her threshold. She pressed her hand harder into her crotch and kept moving. Every so often she would reach a dead end, and by pressing her hand hard against the stone it would fall or crumble away.

“What a strange maze” she said out loud, wondering why someone would build a maze that has false dead ends that were easy to get by. However, when she pressed her hand against the next wall it gave in to the pressure but her hand ended up slipping behind the wall into something thick and sticky. She yelped and jerked her hand back to find her hand coated in a thick glob of what looked like tree sap.

She flexed and moved her fingers and found the goo was hardening, her fingers becoming stiffer as she moved. She quickly tried to wipe off the goo on the wall but it had hardened already, feeling more like a plastic than viscous liquid. Her hand was completely covered as though she were wearing a mitten, and when the wall fell away finally the goo behind it was gone, so she had no chance to investigate it. She touched the smooth surface with her other hand, it gave only a little and she was unable to pull it off at the wrist when she tried, unfortunately she had lost total use of her hand. Thankfully she still had one hand left but it was occupied keeping her from losing her dignity into her jeans. She kept moving forward, walking carefully and watching for anymore of the weird sap that had coated her hand.

“Oh shit” she said as a wave of pressure washed over he and she felt as though she would burst right there, she jammed her hand into her crotch again and waited till it passed before starting to move again. She reached another wall, and having learned what might be behind it pushed at it with her coated hand, it fell away as usual with no bizarre sap behind it. As she stepped over the fallen door it cracked and gave way and she began to fall forward. She yelled and instinctively put her hands out in front of her to break her fall, and she landed in a shallow pool of the odd sap, which had been just below the fallen door.

“Damnit, what’s with this place and this sap!” she yelled as she got up and assessed the damage; the bottom of her jeans and her hands were covered with fresh sap, and she knew what that meant soon enough. She desperately tried to wipe the sap off her hand but it was already beginning to solidify.

“Now I’ve done it” she said sadly, realizing that she had lost the use of her hands, her jeans were covered which meant she couldn’t access the tops of her sneakers either, but she could still walk. She had just started to move again when another powerful wave of pressure came from her bladder, and she instinctively shoved her hand towards her crotch, but the sap was covering her hand and making it impossible to grip the area in particular, it felt more like she was straddling a rubber ball than her hand. It felt slightly good, but it did little for her wave, and she was forced to squeeze her muscles as tight as they would go, this seemed to work, but a spurt still managed to make it out into the crotch of her blue panties.

This was getting serious, she had no access to her hands and was spurting into her panties, with no toilet in sight, and she was left with one option to avoid becoming a soaking wet mess.

“There’s no one around right, I can just pee on the ground” She thought to herself. She was blushing, she could feel the heat on her cheeks at the thought; she had never peed on the ground before. But desperate times called for desperate measures. She reached for the button on her jeans, and remembered that she couldn’t move her fingers as they were stuck together.

She tried fumbling with the zipper, pinching it between her hands and trying to bring it down, all while pressing her legs together and shaking to avoid leaking again, but it didn’t work. She tried gripping the button and zipper in any way, but the hardened sap was like her hands were coated in rubber, and provided little grip, and they continually slipped off of her buttons. She winced and moaned as she felt an onslaught of pressure hitting her bladder, as though her muscles realized she wanted to pee, and had no issue about her jeans or panties.

“This can’t be happening, I haven’t wet myself in ages” she said to herself, as small spurts of pee began to escape into her panties, she could feel the warm wet fabric sticking to her crotch, sending small waves of another feeling that made her blush furiously.

“I can’t get them off, I don’t know what to do!” she yelled, her voice echoing off of the stone walls. Panicking, she broke into a run, jamming one coated hand into the crotch of her jeans. She was sprinting down the hall, feeling spurt after spurt leak into her jeans with almost every step. She stole a look down and saw her jeans were beginning to become wet at the crotch, meaning the thin fabric of her panties could no longer hold back the wetness.

She flashed past torches and shot around corners, finding her way uninhibited other than the sharp pain in her abdomen, she didn’t know why she was running; she just hoped that she would find something to help her, anything at all. As she flashed around another corner, she tripped over a line of stones, and flew towards another pool of the sap that had left her in her current predicament. She managed to get her hands out in front of her, but fell to her knees which were submerged in the sticky solution. The force of her impact made a long dribble of pee leak out, and she saw it drip into the sap.

She tried to get up, but found the sap was already hardening, and she realized with a shock she was trapped on her hands and knees in this pool. She pulled as hard as she could, but only succeeded in forcing more pee into her jeans.

“No, No, No” she started saying, as waves of pressure assaulted her worn out bladder, this battle was about to be over very soon, and she had no way of adjusting herself out of the awkward position. She wanted to cry, as she felt more dribbles of pee drip from her damp crotch into the pool of sap. Finally, it happened; one final wave of pressure, that broke through her tired muscles’ dam on her urethra, and warm pee shot into her soaked panties and into her jeans. She could only close her eyes as pee flowed out from her, dripping into the pool of sap and flowing down her legs. As she peed, the relief swept over her, the warm feeling around her crotch as she poured urine into her jeans gave her waves of pleasure she hadn’t experienced before. Maybe it was because she was alone, maybe it was pure relief, but she wanted to pee forever, let her jeans soak up an endless onslaught of pee flowing into them, she didn’t care.

Finally, the flow of pee shrank to a dribble, and the last few drops fell into the odd sap that had been responsible for this poor girl’s accident. She opened her eyes, and tried to get up, and she still couldn’t, the sap still held her there. She looked down at her crotch and saw a large, dark stain that had spread from her crotch down her legs, and when she moved her butt a little she felt the wetness had spread up to her butt a bit.

“Now what?” she thought, but no sooner had she said it did she feel a pull, as though someone had wrapped a rope around her waist, and she was thrust up into darkness, the sap fell away from her hands and jeans as she floated up, the maze she was in evaporating around her. She felt herself leak another few drops into her jeans, before everything went black again.

*008*2014-01-31 08:04

{{: 

I enjoyed this chapter was a slight turn on (blush) I always like the type of unexplained means of someone's bladder filling up for no reason. A question this may sound weird but do any of the girl's get turned on a little when they need to pee badly? Anyway I look forward to the next chapter and hope it's really good :).

}}

I've been playing around with that idea yes, in fact one of the chapters will feature something like it, and also I'm thinking of throwing in a reference to another fiction story here that I enjoyed greatly.
