Gone Away

Author: MagicMike123

*000*2015-11-26 19:34

Side note: Sorry if the quality isn't the best, I wrote it from 2-3 am last night. Please feel free to leave some constructive criticisms in the comments if you feel the need to you. Enjoy.

Gone Away

Alyssa sat on the couch by the front door of her house. Her parents were standing at the doorway, holding on to their bags. They were leaving to go on a private getaway for the two of them, and only the two of them.

Alyssa was angry that she was not allowed to go away with them, being stuck with some dumb baby sitter for two whole weeks. Half a month. ¼ of her summer break. She was in ninth grade. Alyssa heard a car door slam, and then footsteps coming to the door. When Alyssa got up to the door, she saw her babysitter standing outside the doorway, carrying a duffle bag, suitcase and her purse.

Hello Becky, Alyssa’s mother said.

Hi, said Alyssa’s father.

Alyssa, why don’t you greet your new babysitter for the next two weeks, suggested Alyssa’s mother.

Hi. Alyssa said grudgingly.

Come in, help yourself to anything in the fridge or cabinets Alyssa’s father spoke.

Thank you Mr. Rand Becky said.

Becky walked over to Alyssa, who stood there looking a bit glum.

Hello Alyssa, I’m Becky, your new babysitter for the next two weeks. It’s so nice to meet you!

It’s nice to meet you too, I guess, Alyssa responded.

Becky seemed a little discouraged with Alyssa’s unhappiness.

Alyssa’s father leaned in to Becky’s ear, whispering something to her, most likely telling her that Alyssa was upset she did not get to go on vacation with them.

Becky gave a few “uhh hmm”s and Alyssa’s father leaned out.

Alyssa, I am sure you are a little angry, but I am going to make sure you have an awesome two weeks with me Becky said.

Alyssa cracked a slight smile, her mood brightening ever so slightly.

Well Alyssa, said her father, I think it is time for us to leave, oh, and don’t worry, we’ll bring back quite a few treats and souvenirs for sticking out for so long when we get back.

I love you honeybun her mother said.

I love you more her father said.

They both came over and kissed her, said their goodbyes, and left, taking their car to the airport.

So Alyssa, how is it going asked Becky.

Pretty good, how about you.

I’m fine, so what grade are you in?

I am in ninth, how old are you?

19 Becky responded.

Cool.

Cool.

So what do you want to do? Alyssa asked.

We could go out and get a bite to eat, I assume you’re hungry, having not eaten breakfast yet.

That sounds great Alyssa said.

Becky set down her bags and they both went out to Becky’s car, a Honda. Alyssa went in the passenger seat and Becky drove.

Becky’s car had obviously been tinkered with quite a bit. It had updated interiors and speakers. Alyssa got in the car, sitting down. As Alyssa was going to close the door, Becky stopped it with her sneaker.

Safety first she said, buckling Alyssa’s seat belt for her.

Becky got in on the other side and flipped a switch on her door, which Alyssa was not sure of what it did. Becky buckled up and started the car, slamming it in to reverse and backing out the driveway. Her seatbelt was very tight, squeezing her firm, perky breasts, to the point where she could barely move, which was a little uncomfortable.

Where to? Becky asked.

How about the bagel place? Alyssa suggested.

Sounds good Becky replied. And they were off.

When they arrived, Alyssa went to undo her tight seatbelt. She pressed down on the release, but nothing happened. Alyssa panicked.

Becky, the seat belt is jammed!

No, no, it’s not Becky said, pressing another button on her door, releasing the seatbelt.

That was awfully strange, what car would have a seatbelt that needs to be released by the driver?

After breakfast, they went home and hung out for the rest of the day.

It was now 8:00pm. Alyssa and Becky were watching a movie, filling up on soda and popcorn. Alyssa had already had three sodas by 9:00pm, tired from waking up early in the morning to help her finish packing, she dozed off.

While Alyssa was sleeping, Becky turned the tv to something else, going to her suitcase in the guest room. Becky pulled out three locks and a tight belt. Going, back to Alyssa, who was sleeping on the couch. She put a belt on her tight jean shorts, locking it on with the three locks. Becky couldn’t be sure of the exact outcome of locking Alyssa in her jean shorts, but there was one thing that Becky was sure of, Alyssa would be pretty frantic when she woke up in the morning with a rock hard bladder, unable to use the bathroom.

It was 8 am. Becky had already woken up and showered a half an hour before.

What the hell? Becky heard Alyssa shout. Becky ran in to the den. She asked Alyssa what was wrong, but she was pretty sure she already knew.

What’s wrong? Becky asked. Alyssa was dancing around with a hand in her crotch.

Can’t you tell? Alyssa asked angrily, did you do this? Alyssa pulled up her tank top to show the locks on her belt.

I’m afraid I did Becky confessed.

Why? Unlock these at once, I need to pee so badly!

I am also afraid I cannot do that Becky said.

What?!? Alyssa yelled, scissoring her legs.

Alyssa, I make the rules, and I am sorry to tell you this, but I am putting you on a toilet schedule.

What the hell is that? Just let me out, I just leaked a little bit!

I need you to calm down, your first bathroom break of the day is in fifteen minutes, you need to wait a little longer.

I want to go now Alyssa screamed, stamping her foot.

Becky advanced on Alyssa, feeling her bladder for half a second before Alyssa swiped her hand away. This was just as she wanted it. A rock hard bladder denied relief.

Please stop, I am about to wet myself!

Becky looked glanced at her watch again, 14 minutes she said.

Alyssa could not wait 14 minutes, she had already leaked a little out. She knew what she could do, she just needed to cut the belt she had on off. Alyssa pushed Becky aside and ran upstairs to the kitchen, hoping to find a pair of scissors. She ravaged through the drawer, hoping to find a pair of scissors, but to no prevail. She went to her kitchen knives, all of them were gone. Alyssa was hit with a powerful wave of desperation, a spurt leaking out, wetting her womanhood and part of her panties. Alyssa ran upstairs to her room, checking her desk, no scissors either. What the hell was going on?

@@Becky must have removed all the scissors. Alyssa stood in the mirror, a small wet patch lay on the crotch of her jeans. Suddenly more came out, Alyssa shaking and shoving her hands in to her crotch, leaking more and more. When she finally was able to regain some control, she checked and noticed the golf ball sized wet patch had turned in a patch a little larger than a baseball, spreading ever so slightly. Five minutes later, Becky took out the key for Alyssa’s locks. Alyssa was sitting on the toilet, trying to sit still. Alyssa could barely stop, she looked down, a little puddle of pee resting below her. Becky unlocked the last lock. Alyssa forced her pants off, pee spraying on to the floor and toilet cover before she could even open the toilet. Alyssa finally pulled up the top, a torrent spraying out for almost a minute straight. When Alyssa was finished, there was pee dripping out of her, pee dripping from her woman hood and pants on to the floor, soaking her socks. She was shaking, Becky watching the entire fiasco.

Well if you couldn’t hold that in, you are going to have a hard time for the next two weeks. A very hard time Becky said, Alyssa still shaking, panting, covered in her own urine from the waist down.

*004*2015-11-28 17:46

*Complete with quotation marks, thank you for the tips in regards to the last post, they really help me improve my content. Also, this chapter contains a short bondage/kidnapping type scenario, although it is not very extensive. If that's not your thing, I wouldn't suggest reading it. Enjoy.

Gone Away

Chapter 2: Breaking Her In

Alyssa finally stopped her shaking a full minute later. This had been the first time other than when she was really young that she had wet herself uncontrollably. She hadn’t actually ever lost control outside of her sleep. When she was very young she occasionally wet the bed, her parents scolding her every single time. Alyssa felt humiliated, like she wanted to cry.

“Why the F*CK did you do this?” Alyssa yelled, sniffling.

“I’m sorry said Becky, but this is how I run my operation. That wetting there was a sign of weakness. By the time your parents get back, you’ll be peeing twice a day no problem. I am going to ensure this. I will train your bladder to hold whatever amount I please for as long as I please.”

“I’m calling my parents, you are out of here! I swear to god!” Alyssa shouted.

Becky moved in front of Alyssa, bringing her to a complete halt.

“Alyssa she started, did you forget? Your parents are using this vacation as a break, a break from the constant distraction of phones and computers.”

Alyssa froze. That was correct. Before her parents left, they vowed not to use their phones at all during the trip, only using them in case of an emergency. Hopefully their daughter being locked in to a pair of pants without consent and wetting herself counted as a true emergency, to them at least.

Alyssa pushed pass Becky, going downstairs to her home phone. She picked it up and dialed her parents. She received a call busy tone each time she tried to call. Alyssa felt betrayed, angry, sad, many different emotions, some she could not even explain.

“How about we get you changed, you wouldn’t really want to run to someone for help wearing pissed panties and jean shorts, would you?”

“I would, I really would love to” Alyssa replied.

“Don’t get smart with me“ Becky ordered.

Alyssa ran in to her room to go get clothes, and most likely look for her cell phone, which unfortunately would not be found, as it was in Becky’s position as of last night. Becky went to her bag and grabbed a pair of handcuffs, rope and a gag. Going back upstairs, Becky waited for Alyssa to open the door to her room.

The door of her room opened, and Becky pounced. She grabbed Alyssa with all her strength, hand cuffing her and gagging her. Alyssa tried to scream, but instead of a high pitched scream, out came a low muffle. Alyssa tried to scream as loud as she could, barely making a sound no matter how loud she made her voice. Becky forced Alyssa on to the ground, tying rope around her legs. She was now fully bound, unable to get up. Becky went back downstairs and grabbed two different duffel bags. When she returned, she packed Alyssa’s clothes. She brought her things and Alyssa clothes to her car, packing them in. She put tied up Alyssa in the backseat of her old suv, placing a blanket over her.

Alyssa sat on the backseats, squirming in her bonds and gag. She felt powerless. She could not scream, she could not move. All she could do was wait to see where this nutcase was going to take her to.

Twenty minutes later, Becky’s car stopped. Becky made several trips unloading her and Alyssa’s things, eventually blindfolding Alyssa and bringing her in to a house, and in to the house’s basement. Soon Alyssa’s blindfold was taken off. Her eyes quickly adjusted to the light. She was in a crib. Alyssa’s heart started to beat faster and faster. Alyssa saw Becky standing outside the crib. Becky undid her rope bondage so she could at least sit up. The wall in front of her had an enormous shelf spanning across it, several boxes on each shelf. One entire row was marked with diapers; Adult, Pull ups, etc. That made Alyssa realize she needed to pee again, but luckily it was not urgent enough to the point that she was actually desperate. There were also toys and peripherals for a baby scattered on the floor. She saw a baby bouncer large enough for someone her size, a highchair and another baby chair, along with other toys.

Becky removed Alyssa’s gag and handcuffs, swapping out her handcuffs for bags that were tied around Alyssa’s wrist that covered her hands, rendering her unable to grab or hold anything, including her own crotch if it came to that.

“Where am I?” Alyssa asked, scared, her bladder slightly weakening.

“You are in the basement of my house, this is the room where babies stay” Becky responded.

“What? I AM NOT A BABY!” Alyssa shouted.

“You are for the next two weeks, or at least you will be treated like one until then, and by the end of the two weeks your baby bladder will have fully matured to an adult bladder” Becky said.

“Let me go! Please, you can’t keep me like this!”

“I unfortunately cannot let you, it’s time for breakfast” Becky said.

Becky picked Alyssa up, bringing her upstairs and placing her in to an adult sized highchair.

Becky got out a few jars of baby food and fed them to Alyssa herself, until they were gone. Becky then had Alyssa drink 2 bottles of water. Alyssa soon had to go pee even more, now to the point where she was uncomfortable but did not have to scissor her legs or grab her crotch. After breakfast she brought Alyssa back downstairs, strapping her in to a baby chair, where she had her legs tied apart tight, her arms up above her.

Becky pulled up a chair and spoke to her.

“Okay Alyssa, this is how we are going to do things around here for the next two weeks. Today, Monday, I am going to have you wait 2 more hours until after lunch to use the bathroom, again after dinner, and once before bed. Tomorrow is going to be more restricted. You will get one after you wake up, one at lunch, and then one before bed, removing your break after dinner. The next day will be the same. The day after is where I am going to change things up again, I am going to allow you to pee after you wake up, once before bed, but after dinner is going to be only a ten second pee, and the next day your after dinner break will be gone for the remainder of the two weeks. So in four days, you will be peeing twice a day. Now on to punishments.”

“If you wet yourself at all you will be put in diapers until later in the day, then you will lose whatever bathroom break is after that, if any. Another punishment is that I have you drink an extra amount of water, only giving you ten seconds to pee. This may sound like salutary neglect, but trust me, if you have a rock hard bladder and are only given ten seconds to pee, you will wish you had lost an entire day of breaks instead of a ten second piss. Oh and when it comes to pooping, it goes on your pee schedule. I wouldn’t dare having an accident the same day you have to poop, because if you end up having a ten second pee where you really have to poop, it is going to be extremely uncomfortable having your body try to poop, only to stop and pull your pants back up. If you ever happen to poop yourself, consider yourself officially screwed. You will be put on toilet ban, an entire day without toilet breaks, no exception. Your bathroom breaks are at 8:15 am, 12:00 pm, 5:00pm, and 9:30pm”.

Alyssa now was very uncomfortable. Unable to use her hands or scissor her legs, she had to rely on the raw strength of her bladder muscles, which were not very strong by themselves. Alyssa felt a twinge and let out a few drops of pee.

“Here is your drinking schedule for today. After I am done speaking to you, you need to drink 1 and ½ bottles of water. At lunch you must drink a full glass of whatever you’d like. After you are finished eating you are allowed to use the bathroom. At 12:30, drink a half a bottle of water, at 1:00, finish it. At 1:30, drink a half a bottle, at 2 finish it. At 3:30 drink a half a bottle, and finish it at 4:00. At 5:00 during dinner drink 1 glass of whatever you would like. You will be allowed to pee at 5:20 after dinner. At 6:00, drink a full bottle of water, and another one at 7:00, a final bottle at 8:00.”

Alyssa spurted a little bit, creating a small wet patch on her jeans.

“Alright Becky finished, good luck”. When she came over to untie Alyssa, Becky quickly noticed the small wet patch in the center of her jeans’ crotch.

“Judging on the small wet patch already present, good luck” Alyssa said, releasing Alyssa from her bonds and starting her on her next bottle of water.

“I will come back down each time you are required to drink to make sure you do it. If you somehow find a way to outsmart me and cheat, let’s just say it would be around the same punishment as pooping yourself”. Alyssa watched her finish half her bottle and went back upstairs. Locking the two locks on the basement door.

This was it, two weeks. Of Torture.

*007*2015-11-29 01:39

{{

MIKE! GIVE ME THE PHONE! IM CALLING THE POLICE!

}}

Right here, take it hurry!

*009*2015-11-29 19:08

Gone Away

Chapter 3: Taking a look around

Alyssa took the time she had before her next half bottle of water to take a look at the room she was now incarcerated in for the next two weeks. The room was quite nice actually, the walls were painted a light blue, a linoleum floor with mats on it beneath her feet.

Alyssa went over to the shelf she first saw when her blindfold was taken off. She checked the diaper bins. The first one was filled with adult diapers, probably for when Becky knew if Alyssa lost control she was going to leak in a normal diaper. The next bin contained pullups, most likely for when she had less in her system. The other three contained diaper products such as extras, diaper rash cream, wipes and other things.

The row above the diaper row had towels in each basket, along with tissues and other paper products. The row above that extra sheets, more diapers, some baby toys and a few different items. The final top row (due to Alyssa’s small stature was quite hard to reach) contained a lot of rope, bondage toys, like gags, harnesses, leashes, and garbage bags. The last basket had measuring containers, probably for measuring how much someone was holding.

To the right of the giant shelf slash book case type thing were two garbages. One for diapers, and one for regular garbage. She turned around to study the mats more. The biggest one had a race track type design on it, which covered a better part of the floor. Above the crib Alyssa was first put in to was a mobile. On the floors were baby toys. Hanging to the side was the baby bouncer, which looked like fun. She needed to do something to ease her boredom.

A minute later Becky came back down and Alyssa finished her bottle of water, and drank the next one in it’s entirety as Becky told Alyssa she was going to be gone past Alyssa’s next drink to go run some errands. When Becky left, Alyssa climbed up on to a step stool that was near the wall and entered the bouncer. When she got in, she went far down enough that the top of the thing was covering the bottom of her breasts. She had her feet on the floor, abruptly bouncing herself up, the thing going around a few times, Alyssa repeating the process.

A sudden hit of desperation hit her, sending a leak in to her panties. Alyssa shot her hand toward her crotch, but was surprised when she could barely feel her hand through the bottom of the baby bouncer. She tried to lift herself up to get out, but couldn’t. This was bad, no hands meant she had already consumed more than 2 bottles of water, and had to hold it with her bladder muscles until 1:00. The clock in the room read 11:30.

@@Alyssa’s bladder filled up even more. The baby bouncer she was stuck in was offering help and also making it harder for her to hold it. The tightness of the front of the bouncer pushing up against her bladder made her need to pee exponentially stronger, but the front of the bouncer was also acting as sort of a seal for her urethra. It was pushing on her bladder, but also pushing on her pee hole. It was kind of like squeezing a water balloon from both ends, the water filling up the middle. Except, instead of an unchanging amount of liquid in the balloon, she could still feel her bladder filling up, and fast. She was hit with a sharp urge to pee, and leaked. She tried to use her hands but they did nothing for her. Alyssa bounced up and down trying to help her hold it. She lost some control again, this time completely soaking the bottom of her jeans and part of the bottom of the bouncer, a few drops of pee dripping off on to the tile below her. She got hit with another wave, this time, she lost all control.

“Oh no!” Alyssa yelled.

Pee started to rush out of her bladder, pouring on to the floor through the bouncer. After 15 or 20 seconds, she was empty again, her feet bouncing in the pee puddle below her. She really was in trouble now.

Around 1:00, Alyssa heard the door open. She panicked, still unable to get herself out of the bouncer. Alyssa really was in a bad situation. She already had an accident, and it was only her first day, with the rest of the day to go. The door to the basement opened. This was it. Alyssa could already see Becky was angry. She ran down, staring at Alyssa.

“Already an accident Alyssa, and I see you got caught in the baby bouncer. Now that thing will smell even worse, it’s been countless times where a baby has wandered in to that bouncer, and wet herself all over. It’s even worse for you though, all those times, those girls were wearing diapers, a couple of them leaked, but most of the time the bouncer stayed dry. Now I’ve see you’ve emptied your entire bladder in to that thing”.

Becky got Alyssa out, putting her in her crib and changing her. Becky put another pair of pants on Alyssa.

“If you have one more accident, I am going to have to put you in diapers. It’s too sad, most people here before you had been put in diapers near the end of their stay, but look at you, you are on your first day and have wet again”.

“I am going to have to give you a harsh punishment for wetting on your first day, I am going to give you an extra bottle and make you wait until I am done cleaning after dinner, so about 20 minutes after your scheduled break time. I am going to make your drink them now, so you are desperate within the next half an hour”.

Alyssa had to finish her bottle she was on and the next bottle in the next twenty minutes, ten minutes after that she finished the last bottle of water. It was now 1:30 and her bladder was full again. When Alyssa was done drinking them, Becky pulled out a few small locks and a belt again. Alyssa immediately recoiled. She hated being locked in to her pants. Alyssa tried to push Becky away, not allowing her to lock her pants. Becky took out the pair of bags again and put them on Alyssa’s wrists, proceeding to lock her jeans. She then took off the bags on Alyssa’s hands and put them in a box under the crib.

Becky opened up the crib and let Alyssa out, free to roam around the room and do whatever she wanted.

“Be a good girl for me Alyssa, I do not want to have to change you again before tomorrow Becky said. If you leak to the point where there is a patch bigger than a golf ball on your jeans, I am going to be giving you a special punishment for having such a weak bladder”.

Alyssa quickly grew concerned.

“What is the punishment?” Alyssa asked.

“You’ll see, you’ll see Becky responded. Do you want a binky to suck on until dinner, because I have a few clean ones waiting upstairs for you?” Becky asked.

Alyssa had already wet herself twice, and was on the verge of being given diapers to wear. She did not want to regress in age any further. She politely declined Becky’s offer. Becky went back upstairs to clean up her kitchen and living room, locking the door to the basement behind her. The pressure was already building in Alyssa’s bladder. Alyssa thought it was unlikely that she would have a wet patch any smaller than a golf ball by dinner time. Alyssa already felt a strong urge to pee, yet it was only 1:45 and her bathroom break was 5:30. Three hours and forty five minutes until her next bathroom break. Alyssa started to ponder what her punishment could be.

A no toilet day? No, that was unlikely, especially since Alyssa was only on her first day of bladder training, and she had only wet herself once today.

Diapers? Now those were likely, considering that Becky told her if she had one more accident she would be on diapers. But what else? How much else was there that she could do?

Take away breaks?

Increase the amount of water she drank and the time between breaks?

Those were the only things Alyssa could think of. But it had to be something more extreme. It had to be. Becky had taken Alyssa against her will and locked her in jeans twice, right? She knew Becky would never let her off easy. All this thinking had taken Alyssa’s mind off of her ever filling bladder. Without warning, a large spurt shot out in to her panties, inducing a few small leaks along with it. Alyssa shot her hands to her crotch, quickly regaining composure. Alyssa panicked once again. She took her hands off of her crotch slowly, horrified at what she saw. She had already lost the battle. The “special” punishment was already coming. The patch was already slightly larger than a golf ball. It would hopefully dry by dinner, if not, or if she leaked again, she could only imagine what type of torture she awaited in the next several hours. And it was only the first day. Only the first day.

*011*2015-11-29 20:34

{{

It's getting better I still feel bad for Alyssa though

}}

It'll only get worse for her, but she'll pull through.

*013*2015-11-29 20:49

{{

*Nods*She better I wouldn't want a babysitter like becky

}}

I might want Becky for the desperation part, but definitely not the bound and taken against your will part.

*015*2015-11-29 20:57

{{

I wouldn't want her for the diapers that I don't do but just the desperation part would be cool

}}

Especially for me, waking up with a full bladder, on the verge of wetting myself, only to find out that my jeans are locked on and I need to wait to pee.

*017*2015-11-29 21:04

{{

That would not be cool for me I love the holding part I just don't like the wetting or diapers

}}

Desperation is great, but for me the wetting kind of completes it. I know that not everyone likes the wetting and the diapers though.

*019*2015-11-29 21:07

{{

*Nods*Everyone has there own kinks

}}

Absolutely correct.

*023*2015-11-30 00:39

{{

Hola. Soy yo chicos. Estoy hablando en un idioma policías estadounidenses no pueden entender. Sé que estás ocupado, pero tenemos que dejar de Becky ahora mismo!

(I was speaking Spanish.)

translation: Hello. It's me. I'm speaking in a language American police can not understand. I know you're busy, but we need to stop Becky RIGHT NOW!

}}

{{

Let's capture Becky and make her wet herself then see how she feels

}}

Hmm, the story could do go any away at this point, so early on, who knows what could happen?

