Lemonade and Secrets

Author: Jarvis Langley

*000*2013-04-13 13:31

Since I've joined up here, might as well post something! This is a story I wrote awhile back, and my first attempt at omorashi fiction. Has anthro/furry characters, which I know not everybody enjoys, but hopefully those that do will like it. I've drawn a couple of omorashi pictures of the character too. I can't figure out how to get them to post in here from the site they're on, so I'll just link them: http://www.furaffinity.net/view/6905925/

%http://www.furaffinity.net/view/8420084/

. . .

It was an oppressively hot summer day out in the forested countryside, the heat at its most brutal of the day now with the midday sun looming at its highest in the sky. The thick and shaggy fur of a werewolf definitely was not at all suited for hot days, either. Nono was panting with his tongue lolled out as he made his way to the lake, walking on all fours from the exhausting heat. As the clear surface of water came into view, he bounded the rest of the way there and immediately submerged his entire head in it to cool off, wagging his tail.

The sound of laughter made him lift his now-soaked head curiously to glance in the direction of the noise. A demure lady rabbit who he recognised as a neighbour of his was sitting at the lake's edge, shielding herself from the sun with a fancy parasol. He'd seen her in passing a few times, though he didn't know much about her besides her name--Lynna--and that she'd moved here from the city. She was a very proper sort of lady and certainly strikingly attractive, possessing a very plushly-curved figure that tended to bring one's attention to her in spite of her short stature, covered in soft, pale creamy-caramel fur all over. Both of these lovely attributes were particularly visible at the moment, as she was currently dressed for the weather in a flowing sundress rather than her typical more conservative attire.

Nono tended to feel very shy around her, knowing he was nowhere near as cultured as the people Lynna must have grown up with. He rarely wore clothes on account of his wild nature, and his shaggy fur provided ample cover besides, long and ruffled and dark grey over most of his body with slightly shorter beige fur on his face, belly, arms, and toes. It did make him feel somewhat like a dumb animal around the pretty and fancy rabbit, though. The fact he was not only a tad scrawny but also practically towered over her in height didn't help matters, either.

"Really is warm out today, isn't it?" she asked mildly, making idle friendly small talk.

Nono simply nodded, unable to respond since he'd lowered his head again and was lapping at the water, muzzle dipping underneath the surface now and then to make it easier to pull the water into his mouth. He was oblivious to the rabbit's sparkling blue eyes watching him while he continued to drink for several long minutes.

"Tsk...you must be really thirsty, hmm?" she finally spoke up again after a long pause, reminding the wolf that she was there. He lifted his head and quickly shook the water from his fur as his bright yellow eyes glanced toward her briefly, feeling a bit embarrassed at his more feral nature and somewhat impaired social skills, especially under her scrutiny.

"It's the weather," he panted in explanation, splashing water onto his face with his paws.

Lynna nodded in response, then gave him a rather pleasant smile, always well-mannered. "Would you like to come by my house?" she offered. "A day like this is perfect for making lemonade, and I'd be more than happy to share with a neighbour."

Nono's eyes lit up at that. "Really? Sounds great!" He shook himself a final time to dry off, raising himself up from where he was hunkered down at the shore to adopt a more upright position.

Lynna stood up and offered him her hand with another smile, and he placed his clumsy paw-like hand in her more delicate one, allowing her to help him up and lead him in the direction of her house. He'd been wanting to get to know her better for awhile and had simply been too shy, and it would probably be a bit cooler in her house. Not to mention the offer of lemonade...he was parched from the heat and it really did sound nice.

However, there was a slight niggling feeling in the back of his mind that he was forgetting about something. It didn't come to him until he'd finally arrived at the rabbit's house and was about to follow her inside the door--he abruptly realised he felt the need to relieve himself, something he couldn't do indoors as he'd never quite understood how to use the loo like more 'civilised' people did. Hesitating for a moment, he glanced around for a nearby tree or bush and tried to think of a way to ask the rabbit to wait for him without seeming rude, but he eventually thought better of it and let himself be led inside. It wasn't so urgent that it couldn't wait a bit longer, and his throat was so dry from the heat that he didn't want to chance missing out on the lemonade. He figured he'd just wait until he left to take care of it.

Though he wasn't aware of it, Lynna didn't miss the way he paused to look around, and she felt a slight thrill when she realised what it meant. No one knew about her secret interests, hidden carefully beneath her polite and cultured demeanor, and she realised that now might be the chance to finally indulge them. She tugged at the wolf's arm to urge him inside, not wanting to miss what was sure to follow.

Once inside, she offered Nono a seat at a nearby table with a pleasant smile and set about quickly preparing a pitcher of lemonade, not wanting to keep him waiting...well, not for his drink, anyway. Blushing briefly at her thoughts, she poured them both a glass and offered one to the shaggy wolf, her eyes widening in surprise as he downed the glass greedily in a matter of seconds. "Wow, you really are thirsty," she observed with a slight laugh, receiving a nod in response as the glass was handed back for a refill. Instead, she opted to hand him the pitcher with the explanation, "Here you are. I'll just make some more."

Not being terribly bright, Nono had already completely forgotten about why he'd hesitated earlier, caught up in enjoying the delicious beverage, and he readily accepted the pitcher without even the slightest thought as to the consequences. He promptly set about knocking it back in long gulps, not even pausing until he'd fully drained it, his stomach even feeling rather full when he'd finished it. In his obliviously cheerful consumption, it didn't occur to him that all of that was eventually going to need somewhere to go.

It was this that kept him from declining as the pretty rabbit took the seat across from him and continued to offer another glass to him now and again, though he wasn't as thirsty now and drank slower while he listened to her talk and attempt to engage him in casual conversation. He didn't have much to add, not being very adept at this sort of thing and feeling a tad awkward around her besides, but he remained attentive and occasionally got a word or two in. What he wasn't aware of was that Lynna was deliberately stalling for time.

And stall for time she did; Nono hadn't expected the visit to last long, but still he found himself caught in the conversation as hours ticked by. The need to urinate was becoming an increasingly urgent one with the passing time and the glasses of lemonade he wasn't even fully aware he was still accepting. He also wasn't aware that he was squirming now and then from his mounting need, but Lynna noticed every bit of it, and she was quite surprised--albeit pleasantly so--that he hadn't yet asked to go relieve himself. She then decided that she would take advantage of that, because she was enjoying watching his desperation.

Nono set another now-empty glass on the table a bit shakily, chewing his lip and crossing his legs tightly, feeling his bladder throbbing with acute urgency as he deliberately denied escape to the liquid inside it. It felt so full inside him, slowly swelling tighter as time passed and the lemonade traveled downward, and he realised with alarm that he could still feel quite a bit of the drink in his stomach. He was going to have to hold even more, and he wasn't sure if he could continue to hold it. He briefly thought about asking to leave, but the very thought of release only sharply heightened his need, freezing him in place and forcing him to clench his muscles tightly and squirm his hips to contain himself before he could even open his mouth to ask. No, it would probably be rude to ask, anyway.

The urge just continued to mount, however, the pressure inside him still increasing. Panic surged through him as an urgent spasm very nearly forced a bit of urine out, causing him to quickly slide a paw under the table as discretely as possible and grab himself tightly to contain it. He went very tense and still for a moment, then panted with relief when he managed to prevent himself from leaking. He then bit his lip hard when he felt that his swollen bladder was actually bulging outward noticeably against his paw, his lower belly round and distended with the sheer amount of liquid he was struggling to hold back.

Even holding himself didn't help enough for long, either, causing him to shift about restlessly for a moment before slipping his tail between his legs, pressing it tightly between his crotch and paw as he tangled his legs more tightly together. There, now he could keep it in. His overfull bladder felt like it might burst, but at least he could keep holding it for now. He had to keep holding it. Strangely, he realised he almost wanted to keep holding it, oddly slightly enjoying the sensation of such tight fullness inside him despite the discomfort.

All the while, he had no idea that he was also holding the rapt attention of an audience, Lynna watching his efforts with great interest. She hadn't offered him another drink in awhile, captivated by his squirming and glaringly obvious need. It was bringing a blush to her face, exciting her to watch his fight to contain the impossible quantity of beverage she'd helped to get him to drink. Finally shaking herself from her fascinated daze, she poured another glass of lemonade, another thrill shooting through her as the trickling sound caused the desperate wolf to flinch. Clearly it reminded him of something else.

She watched the wolf's face as she very slowly finished filling the glass, her heart fluttering in her chest as she watched him tremble with his need for release, eyes squinted shut and panting heavily while he tried to regain his composure. When he opened his eyes again, she held out the glass to him, seeing if he would actually take it. "Still thirsty?" she asked innocently, despite knowing at this point he was likely anything but.

However, much to her surprise, Nono still hesitantly accepted the proffered glass from her, very slowly drinking it and not setting it down until it was empty again. She didn't bother offering him any more after that, since he couldn't even pick up a glass anymore--the realisation he'd just added more liquid to his body made it all the more difficult to tolerate the veritable ocean he was already holding back inside him, so he'd given up all attempt at subtlety now and was holding himself tightly with both paws. He couldn't sit still at all, squirming and contorting his body in a great effort to keep holding in the massive amount of liquid stretching his bladder, straining it very taut like an overfilled water balloon. He was so embarrassed and determined not to leak inside the rabbit's house that all he could do was fight to keep holding it in, ignoring that it all had nowhere to go and that the need would just continue to worsen until he finally let it out.

He had no idea that the rabbit was secretly somewhat hoping he would end up leaking inside her house. She wanted to get to see when he finally lost control and wet himself. As she watched him impossibly continue to fight it, though, she eventually decided he needed a little encouragement.

Standing up from the table silently and slipping up behind him, she slowly reached a hand around to touch the wolf's belly with subtle rubbing motions, blushing madly from being so forward but wanting very badly to do this. He froze for a moment at the unexpected contact, surprising her with the fact that he was blushing as well, then he whined in alarm and redoubled his efforts, almost losing control for a moment. She didn't miss this moment or what it meant, and heat rushed through her at it.

Leaning close to his ear, she whispered softly to him, "It's okay." He gave her a puzzled look, then gasped as she brushed her hand lower, rubbing over the round and tight shape of his bladder, applying just enough pressure to force him to relax without hurting him in the process. "Just let it go," she coaxed him. "No one will know. Just us."

He squirmed frantically, feeling suddenly very shy at the rabbit's words, but he could feel his tensed muscles starting to give up, trying to force his body to let out what he desperately needed to. He felt as though he couldn't hold another drop without bursting, especially not with this added pressure, and he whimpered in embarrassment when he felt his paws starting to grow damp as they failed to hold back the flood, the moisture beginning to trickle down his inner thigh. Panicking, he put all of his effort into trying to stop the thin stream despite the twinge of strain he felt at the action, but he simply couldn't get it to stop fully. Feeling that little bit escaping also made him ache badly to release the rest, something he was far too ashamed to do here. It greatly distressed him that he felt himself on the verge of losing control in front of the lady he'd hoped to impress.

"Shhh," Lynna soothed him, one hand still rubbing over the wolf's taut and swollen lower belly while she stroked the top of his head with her other hand, reassuring him that he didn't need to worry. She was more impressed than he could know, letting her witness the show he'd unknowingly put on for her and letting her touch that surprisingly large swell where she could feel every drop of liquid he was holding in his body.

Despite shyly still fighting it, Nono was rapidly losing the battle to hold it in. More warm wetness escaped, and it was becoming harder to tense up his body the way he wanted to with the way Lynna was touching him, her warm and soft hand essentially forcing his painfully-tightened muscles to loosen. Just as he realised he had no choice but to let it out now, he felt Lynna tug at his arms, forcing to him to release his grip from his crotch. So full past capacity as he was, holding himself had literally been the only thing keeping it all in by that point, and quite abruptly the stream was now coming out at full force, just as he'd been dying to let it for hours. Gasping and panting at the overwhelming sensation of finally feeling relief, he relaxed fully and let it come, finally resigning himself to wetting himself all over the chair and floor.

Feeling his achingly full bladder finally emptying in a high-pressure stream, he let his body go limp in bliss, allowing himself an indulgent sigh of immense relief and pleasure at the gloriously long-awaited release, nuzzling his head back against the soft form behind him. Long minutes passed before the stream began to finally slow down, and she continued her gentle massaging until she was sure he had finished, helping his bladder fully empty and easing the residual ache from holding all of that in for so long.

"Why..?" Nono began to ask when he'd recovered somewhat from the haze of greatly relieved contentment, looking shyly and curiously at the rabbit.

She blushed brightly at the question, ducking her head. "I...I really enjoyed it," she confessed. "I...wanted this. I enjoyed watching you acting so desperate, and seeing you wet yourself. Please don't tell anyone. I'm so ashamed..."

Nono looked surprised for a moment, then a bit embarrassed himself. "I...uh...kinda liked it too...that felt good..." He chewed his lip nervously, silent for a moment before deciding, "I won't tell if you don't tell about me."

Lynna smiled widely and kissed the side of his muzzle, earning a sheepish smile from him in return. "Deal."

