Daniel and Amy - Page 21

Author: Barry

*505*2016-10-03 11:00

Chapter 39:

Standing in front of each other, still as naked as a pair of new borns, Amy noticed that although Dan had toweled off his face and hair, he still had water on his face. Upon closer inspection, she realised that a tear was running down his cheek.

"Danny? Baby? What's wrong?" Amy asked hesitatingly, and she was relieved to see him smile.

"Nothing Ames. Really. It's just that, just, I don't know! I just love you so much! That's all. I can't believe you're my girlfriend, I can't believe the stuff we do, and I'm kinda just waiting for it to end, I guess. Shit like this just doesn't happen to kids like me! You're just so perfect, and I guess it kinda scares me a bit. I almost expect that at any time I'm gonna like wake up or something, or you're just gonna tell me to fuck off, and I'm gonna lose you. It makes me kinda scared."

"Oh Danny! C'mere!" She held him tight, pushing her naked body firmly against his. "I love you too Danny. More than you know. Don't stress about shit that's not gonna happen, okay? If you wanna stress about something, stress about the fact that it's after 2:30, and our olds are gonna be back any minute! At least that's true!" Arching her head up, she kissed him firmly, letting her tongue slide into his mouth. As she did so, she felt something moving across her belly, and she smiled as she saw his member was growing stiff again.

"Not now," she giggled. "I can't believe you're ready again! But we ain't got time for that shit! We've gotta get dressed!"

Giggling and laughing, they raced each other back to the bedroom. Once inside, Amy insisted that they had enough time to dress each other. She had Dan lay on the bed, trying to avoid the wet patch where his bum had been after she had taken his diaper off. Amy retrieved his socks, and slid them over his feet, then made him sit up, where she pulled his t-shirt over his head.

"Pull up or tape up?" Amy asked.

"Pull up," he instructed. "After our mums get back, we probably won't be doing big wets anymore."

He got up, collected his backpack, and rummaged around, finally extracting both his pacifier, and another pull up. He sighed with obvious relief when he started sucking on his paci, and handed her the diaper. Sitting on the edge of the bed, Amy held it open, just as she would do for a toddler, and Dan stepped into it, but not before waving his semi erect penis in front of her face, causing her to jump backwards. She held his sweatpants open for him, and finally slid his hoodie over his head.

Dan followed her lead, starting with her cute little socks. Amy had already taken another tape on from her drawer, so he slid it underneath her, and gave her pubic mound a quick, gentle touch, before pulling the diapers front panel up, and fastening the tapes. Pants and jumper next, and he dressed her just as she had him.

Gathering up their used diapers, she pointed at the sodden panties on the floor. "Pick those up Danny. Bring 'em to the bathroom."

Back in the bathroom, she disposed of their diapers, and instructed him to rinse the panties out under hot water. While he was doing that, she took a hairdryer from under the sink, brushing and drying her hair, then giving it to him, while she squeezed the panties as dry as she could, explaining that she would hang them in her closet to dry, thus avoiding putting them through the washing where her mother would find them. "I'll hide them for you to wear again some other time," she told him. Twenty minutes later, after a final walk through of the house and patio area, they were satisfied that all incriminating evidence had been hidden, cleaned up, or disposed of, and they were sitting in the living room with Amys PS switched on, just for the sake of looking innocently busy for when their mothers returned.

Only then did they allow themselves the chance to talk about what they had done. To listen to them talk, it would be hard to believe that they were the same pair that had just shared an extremely adult experience with each other, and they chattered excitedly like the kids that they still were.

"Oh my God Ames! I like can't believe we just did that! What did you think of it? Was it good for you too?"

"You bet it was! Nobody's ever touched me down there before, I couldn't believe how nice it felt! I sorta want to do it again!"

"You know, I didn't even feel really embarrassed or anything! I was sure I'd be too shy to do that sorta shit with you, but I didn't!"

"I loved touching your thing! Did that feel nice when I grabbed it?"

"Nice?? It was awesome! I thought I'd let go in your hand as soon as you grabbed it! It looked like you liked me touching that spot on your private bits?"

The conversation went on like this for a few minutes. Each of them talking at 100 miles an hour, trying to find words that they didn't know to explain what it had been like, and asking lots of questions of each other at the same time. It was like there wasn't enough time left before the world ended to fully explore what they had just done, and they were excited and curious enough to discuss it until it did end. In this case, the end of the world equated to their parents coming back, and fifteen minutes later, they did, putting an abrupt end to the constant retelling and animated reenactments they were going through.

Both kids had agreed that they not only wanted, but actually needed a cigarette, but they would wait for their mothers to return first, then go for a walk. It made more sense to know where the grownups were going to be, rather than be spotted by them driving past, perhaps getting caught doing something naughty.

So after Sue and Sonia had arrived, they made the prerequisite small talk for a while, putting on an air of restrained boredom, then asked for permission to go for a walk, 'just to get out of the house for awhile.' It was still cold, but the threat of rain seemed to have passed, so with nothing more than a walk and cigarette in mind, they set off, holding hands as they strolled down the road in companionable silence. Amy was eventually the first to speak.

"So, Danny boy, you wanted to talk to me about your school camp, didn't ya?"

Daniel sighed. All of a sudden he could feel his good mood rushing out of him like air escaping from a punctured balloon. This topic had been a constant worry for him for days now, but for the last few hours, he had finally been able to put it out of his mind, and now, it was again front and centre in his brain.

"Yeah. S'pose so. I guess. It's not like talking about it is going to change anything, but there's only you or mum I can talk too about it, and she wasn't any help, that's for sure!"

"I'm not trying to be a smart arse," she said, "but it's your bed wetting that's the main reason, isn't it? Or is it your Goodnights?"

"It's both really," Dan said. "But probably the bed wetting is the main thing. I mean of course I'm worried about the pull ups, but I've been able to hide them well enough so far, but I just can't see how I can wear a grownup nappy, and wet it, without getting caught!"

"So what does your mum say about it?"

"Huh!" Dan snorted derisively. "She doesn't care! It's almost like she wants me to be embarrassed I think! I didn't know she could be so mean really."

Amy put her arm around his waist and squeezed him gently.

"Danny, your mums not mean. You know that. I think you're exaggerating a little bit, aren't you?"

He shook her arm away angrily, his eyes flaring with a look that Amy had never seen before.

"Bullshit I am! She's making me go, even though she knows that everyone is gonna find out and make fun of me. If that's not mean, what is?"

"She can't FORCE you to go Dan." Amy said hesitantly, a bit put off by the vehemence in his voice. It was totally out of character for him. "What if you just refused to go?"

"Then I have to go to school with the seniors! They'll put me in with the big kids, who I don't know, and then not only will my classmates know I didn't go, but so will they! As you know, there's only a few reasons why a kid doesn't go to camp. She may as well send me to school wearing a flashing 'Bed Wetter' sign around my neck. At least if she let me stay home, I could pretend I was sick, but if I'm well enough to go to school, it makes it pretty goddamn obvious why I don't go to camp, doesn't it?"

Amy wasn't sure exactly how to respond. She hadn't seen Dan so worked up since the incident with the bullies on the beach. But she felt obliged to try and say something.

"I guess you're right sweetie, but I can sorta see her point as well. I mean, you can't just pretend to be sick every time you have to go away! You've gotta face up to it sometime. You're a bed wetter, just like me, and it's something we have to try and manage, not hide."

"GREAT!" He shouted, pulling his hand swiftly away from her. "So your on HER side to then!"

Amy was stunned. Dan had actually yelled angrily at her, and that never happened. Yes, they argued occasionally, but now he was apparently really mad at her, and it hurt. She was ashamed that she could feel tears welling up in her eyes, but she couldn't help it. He was mad. At her. And it hurt.

Amy paused in shock, finding herself struggling to draw in a hitching breath, feeling a bit disgusted with herself as she became aware of a warm spot growing inside her nappy. She had only just peed an hour ago, perhaps less, but as soon as she felt a tear escaping from her eye, she felt a trickle from her pee hole as well. She didn't have much urine left inside her before she leaked, but what little bit there had been was now soaking into her diaper as she fought a losing battle against her oncoming tears.

Dan hadn't noticed that she had stopped at first, but as he continued storming down the street in a fit of temper, he was suddenly aware that she was no longer beside him. He turned, sighing in frustration, to find her frozen on the spot, with tears on both of her cheeks. Any anger he was feeling abruptly left him, and he became aware that he had just yelled at his girlfriend for no good reason. It almost broke his heart to see that he had caused her to cry.

"Amy, baby, I'm sorry," he whispered, hurrying back to where she stood, and wrapping her in a tight embrace. "I'm sorry," he repeated earnestly, "I know I shouldn't take it out on you! I didn't mean it. Really I didn't."

"I wet myself." Amy replied in a quiet voice. "You made me wet my pants."

He looked at her, she looked at him, and they both snorted, then laughed, and just like that, the tension was gone. Once again they took each other's hand, and continued their walk.

"I'm sorry too," she said. "I know you're upset about it, but I did mean what I said though. As much as you may hate hearing it, you've only got two options. You either go to camp and manage your problems just like you have been, or you hang out at school with the seniors for a couple of days. But I agree with you. If you do that, even if they never find out for sure, they'll probably label you as a bed wetter anyway, and you'll be a senior yourself next year. Think about what that'll be like if they start picking on you already!"

"But if I go, and everyone finds out now, that's still gonna happen anyway! Then there's my daytime pull ups to think about as well. We'll be doing lots of activities and shit, like bushwalking and mountain biking, and my nappies are more likely to be seen, then there's the problem of springing a leak.....I mean I know I've been lucky at school a few times, but at least there I can get permission to go to the toilet during class, when there's usually nobody else in there, or even at the worst, I can change in the nurses office during lunch, but at camp, they'll be other boys around all the time! Plus I don't know what to do about getting changed for bed, or what happens if I wake up wet. The whole idea is just like totally fucked."

Amy didn't want to upset him again, but felt like she had to say something.

"Danny, maybe it's time to think about telling your friends. I mean you already know Scott's a bed wetter. I'm sure you could stay in the same cabin with him and Matt and Ali."

Dan just smiled ruefully. "I seem to remember it was you who told me to think very hard before I told anyone....."

"Yes, but we were talking then about you wearing grownup diapers to school, weren't we? This is a bit different mate. If you do go, I reckon you're gonna have to tell them about your nighttime problems, and that doesn't make you any different from Scott, and they accept his problem alright."

By now, they had arrived at the park, and finding it still deserted, made their way into the safe confines of the fort once again, where Amy produced her last two cigarettes, lighting them both, and passing one to Danny, who gratefully accepted it, drawing deeply.

"That's the last of 'em." Amy told him. "Enjoy it, Catholic boy, God knows when I'll be able to get any more."

"Probably a good thing," he replied. "We really have been smoking way too much lately," to which Amy solemnly nodded in agreement.

"Like I was saying," Amy continued, "If Matt and Ali don't have an issue with Scott wetting the bed, I'm sure they'll be cool with you, and I'll betcha any money that Scott himself will be pleased to know he's not alone! Remember how pleased we both were to finally meet another kid who had problems like us! It'll be the same for him, guaranteed. I'd even bet that if Ali or Matt were funny about it, Scott would stick up for ya when you told 'em."

"I know you're right babe, in a way, at least. But if we were just having a sleepover at his place, it would be different. I could pretty much tell them, no worries. It wouldn't be a big issue putting on my sleep pants. But it's not just a sleepover, it's camp! I've gotta wear 24/7, and I can't hide it! We'll be getting changed together, probably showering together, and I can't hide my daytime pull ups for two whole days!"

"So what do you think the options are sweetie? What can you do?" Amy asked.

"Well I think, if I've gotta tell them about my bed wetting, I may as well tell them everything. About my incontinence, my daytime pull ups, The grownup diapers. Everything. At least if the guys I'm sharing a cabin with know, they might try and help me. If they don't, and they decide to make a big deal about it, well, I'm fucked anyway. I won't be able to stop them spreading shit about one way or another. All I can do is come 100% clean with them about everything, and hope they back me up. I just don't know how to do it, that's all."

Amy grinned as she butted her smoke out, watching him do the same. "I've got an idea about that. If you wanna hear it that is."

Arching his eyebrow inquisitively, Dan replied. "Cause I do! What is it?"

"Let's go get a drink or something to rinse our breath out," she replied. "I'll tell ya on the way."

Amy went to stand up, but Dan put a hand on her leg, stopping her from moving. "Good idea," he said, "But I've gotta ask you something first."

"Okay, shoot," she replied, noticing he was actually grinning at her now.

"Tell the truth. Did you really wet yourself?"

Amy didn't hesitate. She lifted her bum up, and pulled her pink sweatpants down to her ankles, then sat back down, spreading her knees wide.

"Feel for yourself," she said.

And he did.

*506*2016-10-03 12:30

Chapter 40;

After they had both gone down the slide, (checking that Nikkis pee had dried first), they continued back towards the shop, where Dan waited outside while Amy bought a drink and some gum. She suggested walking the long way home, so off they went, in a direction unfamiliar to Dan.

"So, you wanna hear my idea?" Amy asked.

"Might as well babe," he said. "I need something, that's for sure."

"Okay. You're thinking about telling your mates, right?"

He nodded, waiting for her to continue.

"Scotts the main one to tell I reckon, cause he'll have the most sympathy, and he'll be the most pleased to find another bed wetter out there, agreed?"

Another nod.

"You were telling me that Scott liked the look of Nikki, correct? He wanted you to hook them up together?"

Dan was looking confused. "Yeah, but what's that got to do with anyth..."

"Shush Danny. Listen. Why don't we organise a double date next weekend? Me and you, Nikki and Scott! We'll do something, even just catch the bus into the city and hang out, and then you'll have Scott on his own. I don't think you've spent a lot of time with him by himself, have you?"

"Not really." Dan said. "It's usually with all of them. The only one I ever really chat with one on one is Ali, cause he's in my class. Scott and Matt are in another class, so I only ever really see them together, but Ali and me talk together a lot. I'm probably better friends with Ali than the other two, although they're all nice kids."

Amy was nodding. "See? It's perfect! Setting Scott up on a date with Nikki and us gives you the perfect opportunity to get him alone, away from the other boys! Me and Nikki will disappear for a bit, giving you the chance to bring the subject of camping up with him! Then you can tell him about why you don't want to go, and hopefully he'll admit his bed wetting to you as well."

Dan was smiling now, seeing the sense in Amy's plan, but he wasn't entirely convinced.

"You make it sound easy babe. But what am I gonna do? Just like blurt out 'Hey! By the way, I piss myself and wear nappies! I don't wanna go to camp!' It's not like when you and I talk about it. It's a lot harder to bring up you know."

"I never said it WAS going to be easy, Danny boy, but that's probably as easy as you're gonna get. If you're gonna tell them, it'll be easier to tell Scott by himself, without Ali and Matt around, because you know he's a bed wetter himself, so he can't spread nasty stuff about you so easily. If he did, you'd just tell him that you know about his problem, at you would both know each other's secret!"

"Yeah. But he'd know that Matt or Ali told me! It wouldn't be hard to work out it was probably Ali, then they would get into a big fight about it!"

"So? That wouldn't exactly be your problem, would it? You wouldn't be mates with Scott anymore, and Ali would probably end up siding with him anyway, so you couldn't be any worse off than if Scott spread shit about you that everyone else listened too!"

"Gee, thanks a bunch!" Dan said sarcastically. "That IS a whole better option, isn't it?"

"Oh for Christs sake Dan! I'm not trying to be a deliberate downer! I'm just sayin'! Worse case scenario, what you're so worried about, is the other guys hating on you. Scott's the most vulnerable of the lot, and will definitely be the most approachable, and the least likely to blow your cover, so we do him a favour, get him a date with Nikki, then you tell him about it. Jesus. You're always telling me what a nice guy he is, but you can't trust him with a secret? A secret he shares himself? You mustn't have much faith in your own judgment, do ya?"

"Alright." Dan sounded suitably chastised. "You got me. I'm pretty sure I could trust Scott, he is a good guy, but what about Nikki? It's a bit much to ask her to go on a blind date with another kid, just so I can get a chance to talk to him!"

"Oh Danny! You don't know our Nikki! She's DYING to meet him! When you told me he liked her photo, and wanted a date, I took the liberty of showing her a photo of him, and she thinks he's hot! I promised her that I'd talk to you about setting something up after she left today. Guess what? I'm doing it! See? Winners all round! Our friends get a date they both want, you get the easiest possible way to bring up your problem, and if it does go well, it saves your arse!" She was beaming at him with sparkling eyes.

It took a moment for her plan to sink in, then his smile matched hers. He wrapped her in a tight hug, and kissed the tip of her nose.

"Amy. You're a genius!" Dan told her.

*510*2016-10-03 23:52

{{4 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Amazing couple of chapters again Barry! I'm really glad you brought a bit of tension into the story - much though I LOVE their beautiful relationship I was afraid it was almost too perfect - a bit of a fight there helps ground it a bit and I've been looking forward to Dan spilling the beans to Scott ever since you told us he was a fellow bedwetter!

Also, in case anyone's interested, the story has now breached 300,000 words according to the word document I've been keeping!

}}

Are you kidding? Does that include the comments, or just the story itself? No wonder my typing thumb is getting a callous!

As to their relationship, well, I've gotta agree with you on that one. You probably wouldn't believe how much I spend trying to get into the heads of those kids!

The way I see it, (and speaking as a victim of childhood bullying myself) at the beginning of this saga, both kids were incredibly lonely. Dan had been bullied out of his old school, and didn't even have any mates, let alone a girlfriend, and he was a scared, fish-out-water type character at a new school.

Amy on the other hand wasn't bullied as such, and even had one friend, but she wasn't only starting a new school, but life in a new country as well.

Now kids argue, generally a lot, but it takes two of them to do so.

But I see these two, yes, even Amy with her sometimes brash air of confidence, as both being extremely grateful to have not only finally made a friend, but also to have got a loving partner, something that only a month or so ago would have seemed impossible.

They've only been going out for a short time, and they're still in that "honeymoon" phase of their relationship, when they see each other through rose coloured glasses. Both of them are still scared of losing each other, so they both make a supreme effort not to disagree with each other too much.

You only have to see how subservient Dan is to Amy's any wish or suggestion.

If they were just friends, and not "lovers," they would no doubt argue a lot more. But both of them are at a stage where their hormones are running riot, and they are extremely eager to keep pushing the boundaries and continue to keep learning about their own bodies, and what makes them tick.

This results in them both being putty in each other's hands. Generally, they would rather comply with the others wishes rather than disappoint one another. Although Amy usually gets her own way, Dan himself isn't adverse to playing the game to get his own way.

So you end up with two hormonaly charged, lonely, scared teenagers, with a particularly embarrassing medical problem that makes peer friendship very difficult, who genuinely fall in love, and get a lot of pleasure from exploring their burgeoning sexuality. This is why they are so eager to not argue with each other, because each other is all they've got!

But don't worry, there could be a storm cloud on the horizon later.

Again, thanks for the positive vibes.

Barry.

*515*2016-10-05 13:37

Chapter 41:

Sue and Sonia sat around the table drinking coffee.

"I told you there was nothing to worry about," Sue told her friend.

"Don't be so sure my dear," Sonia replied. "I'm telling you, those children of ours are getting very serious with each other. They hide it well, but we need to keep an eye on them."

Sue laughed. "Surely you're exaggerating it a bit Son. They're only kids for Christs sake! They're not even fifteen yet! I'm sure that they're more interested in video games and bloody music than anything else. Yes, I know they like to have a kiss and a cuddle, but so what? That's what being a kid in love is all about!"

"Sue, darling, I have no problem with them having a little snuggle. But I'm telling you, they're gearing up for more than that."

"I don't want to argue with you Son, but Danny is only a little boy. Well, okay, I know he's not 'little,' but he is only a kid, and so's Amy! Danny's that nervous about wearing his diapers and wetting himself that it's not funny! That's the reason why the pair of them are so close, because they share a difficult problem. I doubt if they're even physically capable of going much further than kissing!"

"Don't be fooled Sue! Your Danny is the sweetest boy in the world. I love him to bits myself. But you don't know my daughter!"

Sue laughed again at that. "What? Sweet little Amy? What in the world are you getting at?"

"Don't laugh! 'Sweet little Amy' can be a cunning little cow when she wants to be! I don't think your boy would be too much trouble, but my daughter on the other hand....."

"Alright sweetie. Point taken. I'll make sure I keep a closer eye on them from now on. But they haven't given us any reason to not trust them yet?"

"Yeah. Yet." Sonia replied ruefully.

###

Meanwhile, Dan and Amy had stopped in another suburban park, a few blocks away from Amy's house. Dan had started to feel the first urges to pee, and Amy had suggested doing a pre-emptive strike before he filled up too much. They were currently hiding behind some bushes, and Amy's hand was down the front of Dans sweatpants, holding the front of his pull up.

"Are you going yet?" Amy asked.

"Not yet. I need to, but I've kinda stiffened up a bit since you put your hand down there..,,"

"I can tell, Catholic boy! Just hurry up and pee, before anyone comes!"

"I'll come if you keep holding my dick like that," he replied, causing her to giggle.

"Wait. Yep. Here it comes. Ahhh!" Dan sighed with relief as his bladder started to empty. Amy had a firm grip on his nappy, but wasn't really squeezing his boyhood, and within seconds a torrent of hot pee was flowing freely out of him, swelling his diaper considerably."

Amy smiled at him. The nappy in her hand was getting warm, and swelling up as she held it. She could feel his stream hitting the inside padding, and couldn't help but to slip her little finger into the leg band, brushing it across his balls. He jumped a bit, but not away, and he leaned over and kissed her, without cutting off his flow, even as he felt a trickle running down his leg. Amy felt the hot liquid running across her finger, and could tell he was leaking, but since he wasn't pulling away, she returned his kiss, adding a bit of tongue for good measure.

His silky black sweatpants didn't show up any wetness, but when they finished kissing, after he had finished peeing, there were a couple of drips coming out of his left pants leg.

"Oops. Wet my pants a bit," he grinned.

"You're a naughty boy, Little Danny!" Amy reprimanded him, squeezing his diaper one last time before removing her hand from her pants, and wiping it across her backside to dry it off.

Dan shook his leg, shaking the drops from his pants, and not appearing at all concerned that his pants were now a bit wet. They were shiny and black, it was windy, and the invisible wetness would soon dry, At least his nappy was now nice and warm. They made their way over to a nearby bench.

"So, what do we do?" Dan asked.

"Ring Scott," Amy replied. "Tell him that Nikkis keen to meet him. Tee it up for next Saturday, or, here's an idea, Thursday night! Late night shopping at the mall! We can hang out there, grab a bite to eat, check out the shops. Keep it real casual like!"

"Thursday.....yeah, I like that. Mum gets weird about me going into the city, but she doesn't mind me going to the mall, and it's easier! Hang on, I'll call him."

It dawned on Dan as he was listening to the sound of ringing coming from his phones loudspeaker, that he'd never actually rang Scott before. They had exchanged messages, and chatted on Facebook, but he'd hadn't ever rang him.

"Danny! Wassup? You're on loudspeaker here, got Matt and Ali with me. Watcha doing mate?"

"Hey Scotty. You're on speaker too. I'm with Amy."

His phone erupted with the sounds of three young teenage boys all talking at once.

"Amy! Hello Amy! Hi Amy! etc."

This caused her to giggle and blush as she returned their greetings. Eventually the chatter died down, giving Scott the opportunity to speak.

"So, Dan-The-Man, what's happening? Surely you got better stuff to do with your pretty lady than ring me! Unless you're just rubbing my nose in it again!"

Dan laughed. "You're actually right bud. But I'm calling to do you a big favour....."

"Yeeeaaahhh, aaannnnd," came Scotts drawn out reply, sounding immediately intrigued.

Taking a deep breath to steady his nerves, feeling for some reason that he was fast approaching a tipping point, Danny continued, "You remember Amy's friend Nikki? The girl who went to Adventure World with us? I showed you her picture?"

"Yeah, I do," Scott replied, but even in those three syllables, there was a sudden change in his voice patterns.

"Well, turns out that although Nikki is really smart and pretty, her eyesight isn't real good. Amy showed her your photo, and she didn't run off screaming. We were wondering if you'd like to go on a double date sorta thing with us? Maybe the mall on Thursday night?"

There was the sound of Ali and Matt cheering, and probably punching Scott at the same time, if the muffled noises emanating from Dans phone were any indication.

"Ow! Fuck! Piss off you two! Sorry Dan, still there?"

Dan and Amy were having a hard time keeping a straight face each, and Amy was covering her mouth, trying to stifle her giggles.

"Hello?" Scott repeated nervously, "You there? Sorry for swearing Amy!"

That was enough for Amy. She quickly got up and moved away, trying to laugh quietly, and feeling a fresh warmth in her diaper as she did so.

"Yeah, we're still here Scotty. But if you'd rather hang out with your boyfriends there, that's cool too...."

That of course resulted in a torrent of good natured abuse spewing forth from Matt and Ali.

"What boyfriends? As of this very moment, I've dropped them! I'm single again! Shit yeah I'd like to meet her!" His voice dropped a bit, suddenly sounding unsure. "But this is dead set, right? You're not just pulling the piss here, are ya?" He almost sounded scared.

"No joke Scott. We've gotta like confirm the time and shit with her, and ask our olds as well of course, but if our mums say it's okay, and she's allowed to come, we could meet there at, say, 5:30?"

"Sounds great Danny! Thanks man! I owe you big time! If I can ever like do you a favour or anything, you just ask, okay dude?"

"Don't worry mate, I'll probably call you on that favour sometime," Dan said seriously, but slipping a wink to Amy as he said it, causing her to reply with a silent thumbs-up gesture. "We'll try and organise it, and I'll see ya at school on Monday and let you know what's happening."

"Thanks Dan. You too Amy. I really do owe youse one. I mean it."

"Don't worry mate, I won't be afraid to call you on it either! See ya Monday."

Dan hung up, smiling broadly at his girlfriend. He was shaking slightly, and felt a slight sheen of sweat on his forehead, despite the cold wind. "Well. The balls rolling I guess. Your turn to try Nikki."

Amy called her friend, and the response was just as positive. With Dans permission, Amy filled Nikki in on the whole scope of their plan, explaining how Dan wanted an excuse to talk to his mate alone about his problem. If Nikki felt at all like a pawn in the plan, it certainly didn't show. Her excitement was obvious, and she insisted on running to her mother and begging for permission to go, which was granted without any drama. Nikki mother was actually a lot like Sue and Sonia, at least in the aspect that she worried about her child's wetting problems, and lack of friends. Of course she didn't know for sure that Nikkis occasional accidents weren't anything but accidents, although she did harbour her suspicions sometimes. What she knew as fact, was that her daughter didn't have a lot of friends, and she was happy that Nikki appeared to be making some new ones.

Of course the fact that it was a date with a boy wasn't exactly mentioned. Somehow that part got mysteriously left out of the conversation.

Phone calls over, Amy and Dan sat beside each other in silence, just holding hands, and not even really feeling the cold. After a few minutes of companionable quiet, Dan spoke.

"Well Ames. I guess I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna tell my friends about my problems."

*518*2016-10-06 13:31

Chapter 42:

"Are you sure about this Daniel? I'm not sure it's necessary, or a good idea."

It was Thursday afternoon, and Dan had arrived home from school not long ago. The first thing he had done was get changed, as his Goodnight had gotten wet during the bus trip home. Thankfully he hadn't soaked himself, but he hadn't had a chance to empty his almost full bladder after the final bell of the day, and had leaked a bit during the ride home. Sue had seen him almost running up the driveway holding himself, before crashing through the door and running straight into the downstairs toilet, not even taking the time to go upstairs. She knew what this meant, and hadn't spoken to him until he had finished, then trudged upstairs to change. Knowing her son had probably wet his pants, she made him a chocolate milkshake, and he was now sitting at the dining table drinking it. He had been in a bad mood with her for a week now, and this was the first time they had really spoken more than a few words to each other at a time.

But what he was telling her made her uneasy. He was planning on not only telling his friends about his bed wetting, but also about wearing his diapers 24/7. Sue had thought that he might open up to them about wearing to bed, simply because one of his mates did as well, and she had planned to ensure that Dan shared a cabin at camp with him for that very reason, but she hadn't expected that he would decide to tell them everything.

Now she was doubting her firm stance on making him go to camp. She initially had been growing tired of Daniels continued reluctance to accept his condition. Well, perhaps that wasn't entirely true. Especially since he had met Amy, he seemed to be starting to come to terms with it a lot more, but he could be a hard kid to read at times. He had wet the bed his entire life, and some days waking up wet didn't appear to bother him, but on other days he would cry about it. Just the other night he had had a little accident, and wet himself a bit without having a nappy on. He had changed after school, and decided to not put one on until after he showered later, but ended up with a wet spot on his pants while he played with his remote controlled car outside, and had come back in crying.

She understood that it was only a teenage phase, but it was frustrating. Sometimes it was like having another adult in the house that she could relate too, and at other times he could carry on like a little kid. She was getting sick of his mood swings regarding his problem. In her mind, fourteen and a half was old enough to take ownership of it, and instead of whinging about it, accept it, and deal with it. The thought of sending him to camp had made perfect sense to her. He would have to deal with it, and plan ahead, not just break down in tears if he woke up wet.

The only reason she had chosen to take such a hardline approach, was the fact that she knew that his circle of friends contained another bed wetter. His other friends all knew about it, and accepted it, even having slumber parties every week. Although her son hadn't attended one, she was of the impression that they didn't consider this boy's unfortunate problems to be a major thing, and she knew that Danny had been invited along almost every week to sleepover with them. Of course she assumed that this Scott boy had told Dan about his situation, and she didn't know that although Dan knew, he wasn't supposed to. It was only after her continued insistence and their arguments had started that she learned the truth, Scott hadn't told him, and Dan hadn't wanted to bring it up.

But even when she had learned the truth, she had stuck to her guns. Surely her son could find the courage to tell another bed wetter that he had the same problem, especially since they were mates already, and then Dan would feel more comfortable having sleepovers with them, be it at home or at their places.

Tough love, she had figured. Make her son grow up a bit and learn some responsibility. Yes, it would be hard, but if he continued to have bladder issues for the rest of his life, he would eventually need to step up and deal with it.

But now she wasn't so sure. Her son was sitting in front of her, slurping on a milkshake, his eyes looking a bit red and swollen, explaining to her yet again that he was not only planning on coming clean about his sleep pants, but about everything. He wanted to tell them about wearing diapers all day, and how he sometimes wet his pants as well, and she just didn't think that was necessarily a good decision. He had managed to hide his daytime protection so well for so long, it seemed like an almost foolish move to bring it up. Perhaps her continued insistence had been wrong after all.....

Dan, on the other hand, was feeling an almost perverse sense of pleasure in knowing that his mother was uncomfortable with his plan. He had reluctantly considered telling his friends for a while now, but hadn't really wanted to. But he had the feeling that his mother had backed him into a corner with her insistence of him attending camp, and even though he knew deep down that it wasn't true, he almost felt like his mother was deliberately trying to make his life even more difficult than it already was.

Up until now, young Daniel hadn't suffered from any bouts of teenage rebellion, but he was smack bang in the middle of a huge one now. He didn't want to go to camp. He didn't want to go to the senior school. He didn't want to discuss his bed wetting. All he wanted, was to continue to cope with his problems in private, one day at a time.

But now he was being forced into going to camp. Fine. If that was the way that SHE wanted it, then fine. If SHE wanted to force his hand, to humiliate and embarrass him then fine. He would lay all his cards on the table in front of his friends, no doubt causing them to freak out and ostracise him, probably causing him countless problems further down the line in regards to being bullied, picked on, ignored and unfriended, but fine. That would be HER fault. SHE would look back later and realise how wrong SHE had been. Fine. Fuck it. At least he would still have Amy.

"Doesn't matter mum. I'm going to do it. If I've gotta go to this stupid bloody camp thing, I've gotta tell them. Simple."

Sue could have almost strangled him.

"Danny. For the umpteenth time, you're overreacting. You don't need to tell them anymore than you wet the bed sometimes. You're just being bloody stupid now. And I don't like your tone of voice either mate!"

Not looking up from his milkshake, he just shrugged. "Sorry mum," was all he said.

"I don't have to take you, you know. When Amy gets here, I can just send her home as well. If you want to play the smart arse with me, I'll just ground you...."

He still didn't look up, or even appear to care. Without showing any extra emotion at all, he simply replied, "Already said I was sorry. Wasn't trying to be rude. I can stay home if you want, but I'll just tell the guys tomorrow instead. I thought it might be easier talking to Scott by himself, but I'll just tell everyone at school at once if you'd rather control that too."

Sue sighed. She was angry, but more than a little upset as well. She could certainly understand why Dan was unhappy, but his way of dealing with it was just plain stupid. Now she had put her foot down, she couldn't back off. If she reneged on her rules now, Dan would be impossible to deal with later on, should a big issue arise in the future.

Like something with Amy for instance.

She mentally shrugged that thought away, not willing to go down that path, not just yet, anyway. There was enough to worry about just with this bloody camp! If only Peter was home to help her deal with him. But she couldn't even phone him, only email, and he didn't always respond straight away. Also, it wasn't an easy thing to describe in an email anyway. As usual, she would just have to deal with it herself.

Before she could formulate another verbal plan of attack, a car pulled up outside. Three doors slammed, and seconds later, there was a knock on the door. Sue noticed the immediate change in her son. He went from sullen moodiness, to a happy grin at once.

Amy was here.

He bounced out of his seat, and almost fell over when his socks slipped on the tiled floor, but managed to regain his equilibrium as he hurried for the door.

Moments later, he was back, leading Sonia, Amy, and another little girl, who Sue correctly guessed must be Nikki, back into the room. After greetings and introductions were made, the three kids disappeared upstairs, while the two mothers sat down for coffee.

After pouring out the story to Sonia, her friend just shrugged. "For what it's worth, I think you're doing the right thing Sue. If your boy wants to call your bluff, let him. As long as your aware that you'll be expected to pick up the pieces afterwards."

"That's what I'm afraid of Son." Sue muttered.

Upstairs, Dans mood was decidedly different. He wouldn't let his mother know of course, but he was almost relieved to be finally telling his friends about his secret. He didn't really want to of course, but secretly wearing pull ups to high school and occasionally wetting your pants was an extremely hard thing to deal with. While he would prefer to never mention it, he knew he was living on borrowed time. While his night time wetting actually seemed to be slowly on the improve, with him now only wetting three or four nights a week on average, instead of virtually every night, he still suffered bouts of daytime incontinence, like today, on the bus.

Eventually, he was going to get caught. He was living on borrowed time, and in a way was almost eager to have an excuse to 'come out', which didn't involve him flooding his pants in front of everyone.

But he could never admit that to his mother. After all, if it was HER fault that things went pear shaped after SHE forced him into telling people, the SHE should have as much right to feel bad as what he would.

Teenage logic 101.

The kids were all excited. Nikki especially, as this was her first ever date. She had dressed in a skirt and pullover, which didn't look overly expensive, but was still pretty, and with some make up, made her look older than what her unflattering school uniform did.

They chatted in a very animated way, carefully hatching their plan. They would meet Scott, hang around, grab a bite to eat, then Amy and Nikki would disappear for a bit, perhaps clothes shopping, or even the toilet, giving Dan the opportunity to talk to Scott about his problems.

Dan only briefly mentioned the fact that he and his mother were only just barely talking to each other, not wanting to come across as a brat to his friends. "She's just pissing me off," was all he'd allude to.

Forty minutes later, Sue was dropping them off at the mall. Dan was as nervous as anything, and although he had peed before leaving home, he was sincerely hoping he wouldn't wet his Goodnight through sheer anxiety before he spoke to Scott.

