Summer with Snape - Page 11

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*251*2012-03-14 06:44

I know its not technically 2 days later, but I had this already written and just wanted to share it. Anyways, the omo is back, like I stated before and it will be here for a while. Thanks and I hope you enjoy it.

Chapter 42

Harry ran outside to find the Weasleys surrounding 2 people he had never met before. He knew who they were of course; their trademark hair matched everyone around them. He stayed slightly to the back, feeling a bit jealous and left out, though he did nothing to draw attention to himself. Not knowing what else to do, he started to head back inside; maybe Mrs. Weasley needed help with something. As he was opening the door he heard someone call his name and he of course turned around.

“Harry mate, when you did here?” Ron yelled already making his way over to him.

“A few minutes ago,” Harry answered quietly.

“Why didn’t you say something? Don’t you want to meet Bill and Charlie?” Ron asked excitedly.

“I didn’t want to disturb your family time,” Harry replied honestly.

“Don’t let mum hear you saying that, she’ll probably wash your mouth out with soap.” Ron warned.

Harry for his part was horrified; he didn’t want to have to taste soap again. Maybe he should clarify what Ron meant, because that didn’t make any sense.

“Why would she do that?” Harry asked a bit cautiously.

“Because she thinks of you as a son too,” Ron said simply.

“But Snape’s my dad now,” Harry said not understanding.

“Doesn’t matter, she cares for Snape too. She would never try to take you away from him,” Ron said shrugging his shoulders.

Harry smiled at that, feeling that jealous feeling fade away quickly. He followed Ron who introduced him to his older brothers. They were a really great pair, and Harry found himself listening to their stories just as much as their siblings did. Harry went and grabbed his broom from the broom shed, as the two older boys made their way into the house. They wanted time to get settled in before they told about their wonderful adventures.

They flew around and played Quidditch for quite a while, until it was time for lunch and Mrs. Weasely call them in to eat. Following the herd of red heads to the loo Harry washed his hands, feeling the gentle nudge of his bladder as he caught sight of the toilet. He ignored it in favor of listening to the demands of his stomach and walked towards the table. Lunch went by fairly quickly since everyone was so excited to hear Charlie and Bill talk. After lunch, the twins, Ginny, and Ron and Harry, followed Charlie and Bill to the lounge, and spread out to listen.

They listened in avid fascination, giving Harry a glimpse into the life of a Dragon tamer, and a curse breaker. As the stories progressed Harry became very uncomfortable, and was already regretting the juice he had at lunch. He discreetly shifted in his seat, before glancing around. It would be rude to get up and go when they were in the middle of talking, so he stayed where he was; trying not to draw attention to himself.

20 minutes passed and Harry was as tensed as ever, and he had a foreboding feeling that if he didn’t get to the loo in the next couple of moments or so, he would leak onto Mrs. Weasleys couch, and he so did not want to do that. He sighed softly as they had finally had a lull in their stories, and the twins ran up the stairs to get some of their new pranking ideas to show them. Harry was thinking of pretending he forgot something in Ron’s room and instead he would make a beeline for the loo.

“Ronald Weasely, didn’t I tell you to clean your room?” Molly’s voice rang through the house.

“I did mum,” Ron yelled back, before quickly getting up and running up the stairs. He didn’t want to get embarrassed in front of his mate, if his mum came downstairs looking for him.

Harry looked over to see Bill and Charlie chuckling at that little scene, and he squirmed unconsciously in his seat. His right hand which was currently resting on his thigh was slowly but surely making its way towards his crotch.

“Bill come and see my room, I want to show you something,” Ginny said prodding her older brother in the stomach.

“Alright Gin-Gin,” Bill replied before bending down so she could climb on his back.

Harry smiled in spite of his desperation, and he looked longingly at them galloping up the stairs. He wished he could have an older brother; someone who could give him piggy back rides too. Ron just didn’t know how lucky he was to have such a big and loving family. Though he loved Snape a lot, he just wished that he had a sibling too. Harry was caught up in his thoughts, and for that reason is why he didn’t see Charlie glancing over at him curiously. He shook his head clear of the thoughts, as his bladder was starting to send more and more urgent signals to his brain. He casually stood up, not wanting to disturb the older boy who was now looking through a book.

Rocking from side to side for a moment, Harry decided to quickly go to the toilet nearest the kitchen. He would need to hurry because his friends could be back any minute and he didn’t want to explain where exactly he had been. As he turned he bumped into the end table and he inwardly groaned as Charlie looked up.

“I’m sorry about that Harry, I didn’t mean to make it seem like I was ignoring you. You don’t have to leave mate,” Charlie said placing his book down on the table in front of him.

Harry smiled weakly, and nodded.

“Don’t be shy Harry, I don’t bite,” Charlie said smiling widely at him, trying to make the younger boy feel more comfortable.

“I know,” Harry said softly, not wanting to sit down again, but knowing it would be rude if he were to just leave without saying anything.

“I heard Ron’s side on how you two met, but now I want to hear yours,” he said conversationally, before gesturing for Harry to retake his seat.

“I was in my compartment on the train and he opened the door. He couldn’t find any empty compartments and asked if it would be ok if he sat with me. I told him yes, and we introduced ourselves. He asked if I really had the scar and I showed him, and we’ve been best mates ever since,” Harry answered smiling fondly at the memory.

“That’s really good to know Harry. I keep hearing that you are the youngest seeker in a century, since I went to Hogwarts. Wanna tell me how that came about?” Charlie asked grinning.

Harry nodded excitedly, forgetting his bladder at the moment as he explained the first flying lesson with the remembrall. He was so into his story, that the signals from his bladder were getting more and more frequent and he hadn’t noticed a thing. He was wiggling and moving quite a lot on the couch and occasionally making a grab at his crotch; and the redhead’s eyes were calculating. As a wave of desperation suddenly hit him, he grabbed at himself tightly and bent over at the waist, squeezing his eyes shut. Harry whimpered slightly, trying to figure out how he suddenly had to go so bad so fast.

Charlie nodded his head; he had known what the matter was before Harry grabbed himself. He was an older brother, and able to spot a pee dance when he saw it and Harry most certainly was doing one. The question of the day though was; why didn’t he get up and go? Charlie shook his head, from the looks of things, he knew that Harry wouldn’t be able to hold it for much longer anyways, and he decided to speak up.

“Hey Harry, we’ll come back to Quidditch in a minute but I want to ask you something.” Charlie asked casually.

“What did you wanna ask?” Harry asked quietly, forcing himself to release his crotch. He was hoping that Charlie had picked back up his book and was no longer paying attention to him. He couldn’t let go of himself for too long, because it felt like he was going to leak into his trousers.

“Did anyone give you a tour of the house?” He asked in the same tone.

“Nope,” Harry replied honestly.

“Well let me do that now,” Charlie said standing up before gesturing to Harry to do the same.

“I’m fine right here Charlie,” Harry said quietly, he didn’t think he could stand up without exposing to the other boy what he desperately needed to do.

“I beg to differ mate, so come on. It’ll be a quick tour,” Charlie promised walking towards him.

Harry didn’t say anything, afraid that the older boy would catch on why he didn’t seem to want to stand. He sighed softly before clenching up his muscles as tight as he could before standing up very slowly. It was uncomfortable, and he immediately starting shifting his weight from one foot to the other.

“Alright so follow me Harry.”Charlie said putting his arm around Harry’s shoulder. He could feel how tense the kid was and he shook his head. He finally realized that it would appear that Harry was shy as they come, or at least in front of him.

“We were just in the lounge, you flooed into the sitting room, the kitchen is through here,” Charlie said walking through the last door, as he started quickly prattling things off. He didn’t want to waste anymore time then he had too.

Harry wasn’t really listening; he had looked around casually before grabbing his crotch again. He hoped that older boy wouldn’t be paying that much attention to him.

Charlie noticed but didn’t say anything, instead speeding up a bit as they came out of the kitchen before coming to stand in front of a closed door.

Harry whimpered as they stood still and he resisted the urge to bend over as another urge forcibly pulsed through him.

“And here we have the loo, why don’t you go make good use of the toilet mate.” Charlie said opening the door as he gently prodded Harry to go forward.

“But I don’t need to use the loo,” Harry found himself saying, though he couldn’t help but cross his legs. He hoped that it looked casual.

Charlie looked at him unbelievingly, before crossing his arms over his chest.

“I don’t believe that Harry,” he said calmly.

“I don’t have to go,” Harry insisted still denying everything. He wanted nothing more but for Charlie to leave so he could quickly relieve himself. The pain of seeing a toilet so close, but not being able to use it was absolute torture.

Charlie said nothing as he gently led Harry into the loo. He closed the door behind him, before looking at the child. In any other situation he would have laughed at how stubborn Harry actually was, but he could see that Harry was really desperate as it was. And although magic could quickly clean a mess up, he didn’t want to have one in the first place. Not to mention how humiliated the boy would be, if he wet himself.

“What are we doing in here?” Harry asked, pulling up his trousers tightly since he couldn’t hold himself like he wanted too.

“Oh I needed to wash my hands, and you should too if you want a snack from the kitchen.” Charlie said nonchalantly before turning on the water, and letting it run.

Harry tensed his thighs as the water started and he as he looked at it pouring out the faucet he felt like he was about to wet himself, right then and there at that very moment. He turned towards the closed toilet before quickly lifting the seat up, before he started working on his trouser belt.

Charlie smirked slightly before turning off the water, not wanting the boy to go before he was even ready. His mum was right; Harry and Ron were really similar to one another. He kept his eyes averted not wanting to embarrassed the kid.

Harry had waited until the last minute to go and he could feel his underwear dampen a bit as he lost a spurt in his boxers. He knew from experience that he wouldn’t be able to undo it in time, and he wanted Snape more than ever at that point.

“Can you help me Charlie?” He finally whimpered out, hands on the inside of his pants as he held himself. His own hand was getting a bit warm and wet, and he squirmed around as he looked helplessly at his friend’s older brother.

“And this is why you do not wait until the very last second to go. You should know better than this Harry. Look at you about to have an accident,” Charlie lectured as he swiftly unbuckled and unbuttoned everything for Harry. He was going to ask if Harry needed help pulling them down, before just deciding to do it as well. He could see the boy about 5 seconds away from a full blown accident. Quickly turning Harry to face the toilet he stepped away and leaned against the door, and stared at the ceiling.

Harry sighed audibly in relief, wanting to thank the older boy but feeling the euphoric feeling of making it preventing him from saying so at that point in time. His pee was forcefully hitting the water, and he was for once glad Snape wasn’t here. He would be in so much trouble; he had held it to the point of him almost having an accident. He rubbed the lower part of his stomach as it emptied and he hoped that it wouldn’t be achy or anything. It would suck if he had to go even more than usual here, he didn’t want them to think he was a freak or something.

Harry quickly pushed out the remaining pee, shaking it slightly before tucking himself back into his now damp boxers. The feeling was uncomfortable, but he wasn’t about to let Charlie know what happened. He flushed the toilet before putting the seat and lid back down before heading towards the sink. He could feel the older boy’s gaze on him and he wondered if he would be able to get out of discussing the whole thing.

Charlie waited until Harry had washed and dried his hands, before opening the door. Turning off the light he led the way out first, waiting for the smaller boy to come out. He needed to know just what Harry was thinking and why the hell he didn’t speak up. He could see the look on the smaller boy’s face as he tried to think of an excuse to get out of here, but he wasn’t having it. He would get to the bottom of this, was it only just a case of shyness, or did he not realize that he had to go? Or was it neither, and Harry just like it or something? He grimaced at the last one, before dismissing that thought, as he recalled the pained expression on his face as they headed to the toilet.

“Let’s go take a walk around the pitch,” Charlie said walking towards the back door.

“Why?” Harry asked softly, hoping against hope that the man didn’t want to talk.

“We need to have a little chat,” he said before opening the door and walking out.

Harry groaned audibly as he followed the other boy out the door.

*255*2012-03-16 02:45

.

{{:

I. Love. It and the omo was great bring on the next chappie

}}

{{:

Wow Sev, I liked this chapter a lot! I love how you write desperation scenes!! my favourite ;) and Charlie/Harry was a great Idea!

}}

{{:

Omg! YES! Charlie and Harry! Soooo cute :3

}}

Thanks so much guys

And yea I love Charlie and couldnt resist

*258*2012-03-17 09:38

I dont really have any warnings, or anything. Just enjoy this and what not, like I said the omo is here for a while, but I still have to keep it a bit realistic so the nect chapter is going to be long and loaded, this chapter is preparing him so to speak..just patience is all.

Chapter 43

Harry followed the taller boy slowly and quietly, trying to figure out what he was going to say. He didn’t want to have this talk; he’s had it with Snape already. Was it his fault that he didn’t like to ask for things? If you think about it, he would have made it sooner if Charlie didn’t insist on him going. Why didn’t he just leave? Harry shook away that irrational thought, knowing it wasn’t true. Charlie was the reason he had made it; he knew it and his damp boxers did too. If he had of wet himself here, who would have spelled him clean? He shuddered slightly before looking up when he noticed that the feet in front of him had stopped.

“Let’s take a seat Harry,” Charlie said sitting on an overturned log.

Harry nodded before sitting down next to him, before toeing the dirt with his shoe.

“You wanna tell me just what that was about back there?” Charlie started off gently.

“What was what?” Harry asked trying to pretend he didn’t know what he was talking about.

“Why did you wait so long?” Charlie said clarifying it.

“I didn’t want to be rude,” Harry mumbled softly.

“Why would you be rude?” He asked confusion in his tone.

“I didn’t know if I could go, I don’t know the rules of your house.” Harry admitted honestly. That was part of the reason but not the whole truth.

“I’ll bet the rules for here are the same as yours. No one here wants you to have an accident because you are afraid of them denying you. It is your right to use the toilet

Harry, everyone does it. You will speak up next time,” Charlie said firmly, his tone letting the smaller boy know that he wasn’t asking him.

“I will,” Harry said softly, trying to figure out how the heck Charlie figured that out so fast.

Charlie looked sideways at him; he knew that probably wouldn’t be the case at all. He would just have to keep an eye on him like Bill does for Ginny. They sat there for a little bit longer before walking over to the broom shed where they released the snitch. Charlie smiled as Harry looked for the little golden ball, making him look carefree; like the kid he was meant to be.

“Betcha I’ll catch it first,” Charlie yelled before taking off after the snitch.

“No you won’t I will. I’m the youngest and best seeker ever,” Harry yelled back; the wide grin on his face letting Charlie know that he was only joking.

Harry stared in shock at the older boy stuck his tongue out at him before taking off after the ball. Harry laughed playfully before following behind him, forcing his broom to go faster. They were caught up in their little game, every time the snitch got close to one of them it would suddenly shoot away, but they didn’t care. The boys never noticed the crowd of redheads that had gathered to watch them play, no one wanted to disturb them. As Harry stopped to catch his breath for a second he happened to look towards the house to see everyone else staring at back at him with amusement on their faces.

“Charlie,” Harry called out a bit embarrassed to know that they were watching them and he hadn’t noticed a thing.

“What is it…?” Charlie trailed off and blushed as he realized they were being watched. And from the way that everyone was lounging a bout, he knew they had been there for quite a while. He shook his head before gesturing to Harry to descend as he did the same. Once on the ground he stretch and they headed towards the rest of the family.

“What are you all doing here?” He asked scratching the back of his neck in embarrassment.

“We were just watching a game of seekers is all,” Ginny said with a grin.

Harry blushed red, and toed at the ground before looking towards Charlie. The older boy was almost as red as his hair, and he was happy to note that he wouldn’t be alone in his embarrassment.

“We were wondering where you two went. We decided to come out here when mum looked out the window and saw you both,” Bill explained.

“We got a bit bored waiting for everyone to come back,” Charlie answered.

“We were only gone for 10 minutes.” The twins replied.

“I wanted to see if I could beat him, since Gryffindor hadn’t had a good seeker before me since Charlie.” Harry finally said.

“And did you beat him mate?” Ron asked with a wicked smile on his face.

“No, it was a tie.” Harry replied honestly.

Since they had a little bit more time before dinner, everyone decided to finish the game but to add in other positions. They ended up with 2 teams that consisted of; Fred, Bill, Percy and Harry against; Charlie, George, Ron and Ginny. Though a bit uneven (skill wise), everyone had a relatively good time. They played for the next few hours until they were called in to dinner and everyone hopped off their brooms before running to put them in the shed. The group of redheads and one raven hair child started towards the house.

“Piggy back ride Bill,” Ginny said out of the blue and squealed when he lifted her up.

Harry found himself looking on in envy once again, but it quickly vanished when he found himself being lifted in the air by strong hands as well.

“What are you doing?” Harry asked, looking at the boy curiously.

“Giving you a ride,” Charlie said simply. He had seen the look in the smaller boy’s eyes when he saw Bill pick up Ginny.

“Ok,” Harry said happily as he was transferred to the older male’s back.

Harry laughed happily as Charlie bounced him and nodded excitedly when Bill asked if they want to race him and Ginny and Percy and Ron too the house. Harry turned to look at Ron out the corner of his eye and was shocked to see him on the back of Percy. He snickered but didn’t say anything, who knew Percy could chill out. He has no idea who actually won the race and he didn’t care, he felt like he was actually a part of the family and he loved it.

With all of them coming into the house at the same time, Harry reckoned it sounded like a whole herd of animals coming in. They were loud but Mr. and Mrs. Weasely didn’t seem to mind it, as they were used to it. There was a lot of shoving and pushing as they all made their way to the tiny loo to wash up, but eventually everyone got done. Harry laughed as they all walked to the table.

The loud noise was a shocker to him once again, since his and Snape’s meals are usually quiet, since neither of them were big talkers. He smiled and was surprised when they included him in the conversation like he belonged there with them. Harry loved pumpkin juice and the fact that his cup seemed to have a spell on it he could drink much as he wanted and he took advantage of it. It was so yummy, he never thought about how much the rich drink would affect his bladder.

After dinner and after a lot of arguing on who would clean the kitchen, Harry headed up the stairs with Ginny and Ron for a game of exploding snap. This was turning out to be an awesome day, and he decided that he liked sleepovers. They played for a while until about 9:45pm when Mr. Weasley came upstairs and told them to get ready for bed. Harry went in and took a shower first since he was the guest.

As he was waiting for Ron to finish, he pulled out the chest set and set it up. When Ron came out they had enough time for one game before Mr. Weasley was coming around again to tell them it was time for bed. Unlike Ron who tried to argue to stay up more, Harry was quite tired, and one look at the clock showed him why. He would usually be in the bed before 11:30; he hoped that this didn’t get back to Snape.

He pulled back the covers and got into bed, blushing slightly as Mrs. Weasely came up stairs and tucked them both in. She gave them each a kiss on the forehead before enchanting a glass ball with low light, before turning off the overhead one. Harry didn’t say anything about the night light and surprisingly neither did Ron. They talked for a bit about nothings and everything, trying to see what they were going to do tomorrow. Harry was a bit excited, Mr. Weasley was off work tomorrow and he said he had a surprise that he wanted to show the kids.

Harry was so caught up in his thoughts and excitement for the day that he had neglected to use the toilet like he usually did before bed. He didn’t think anything of it really, though he did make sure he had on his special underwear. He yawned more and more but he couldn’t sleep yet, so he laid quietly in the bed as Ron’s words starting slurring as his friend drifted off into sleep.

*261*2012-03-20 01:33

So here is the next chapter, enjoy it and what not. It was really long, that I was gonna split it up but I wasnt feeling it. I hope you guys like it, its cute if I do say so myself lol

Chapter 44

As he laid under the covers, Harry was feeling a bit nervous. What if the underwear leaked? Though it never did before, there was still the off chance of it happening. What if Ron found out? What he had a nightmare? The what ifs questions were going crazy in his head, and he found himself unable to sleep. 20 minutes later, he could hear Ron snoring on the bed across from him and he headed to his bag. He reached down to the bottom and pulled out the stuffed dog that smelled of potions and home. At the time Snape packed it he was embarrassed that the man would think he would want it; but right now he was grateful for Snape's ability to foresee that he would need the comfort. Crawling back into his bed with his dog held tight, he drifted off into an unusually deep sleep. Due to his excessive drinks at dinner, Harry's bladder would be a bit active that night.

Harry woke up in Ron’s spare bed in the middle of the night with a soaked goodnight and an achingly full bladder. He didn’t know whether or not he was allowed to go and was contemplating not getting up, when he remembered Snape telling him he wants him to get up and go. He rolls out of bed and quietly scrambles over to his bag. As he is looking for the spare goodnight he is dancing around frantically and is so incredibly desperate to go he decides to abandon the garment for now in favor of getting to the loo on time. He could always come back and grab one.

Making his way to the door he pokes his head out and is relieved to see the light lit in the loo down the hall. He makes his way there, being careful because of his full bladder only to look on in panic as Bill sleepily walks in first. Harry’s eyes widen as his bladder contracts and for a moment he stands there contemplating about going downstairs; but one look at the darkness on the staircase is enough to convince him it’s not such a good idea.

He bouncing up and down and holding himself being careful not to make any noise. He can hear the older boy peeing through the door and that seems to make it worse. Harry grips himself tight wanting to knock but scared of waking some else up or the older boy getting mad at him. He could honestly say had this been Charlie he would’ve already knocked by now, albeit quietly though.

The stream of the older boy is slowing down and for that Harry is grateful, until he hears the flush. The water is almost too much and he is literally minutes away from losing it, as he gains control the faucet comes on and Harry stifles a sob as his bladder releases itself into the already soaking wet goodnight which of course leaks and soon he can feel the hot liquid pouring down his legs and soaking his Pokémon pajama bottoms. He looked at the puddle forming underneath him and he is silently crying, unable to help it. What is he gonna do now? His body sags in relief as his bladder empties itself. He is still going when the door open, though he keeps his gaze low to the ground.

Bill was half asleep and almost doesn’t see him, until he nearly bumps into him. He blinked sleepily as he looked at the boy in front of him, through is foggy brain he could still tell right off the back that something wasn’t right. For starters he was standing still and looking at the ground, why wasn’t he moving to go into the loo?

"Harry what’s wrong?" He mumbled voice thick with sleep.

Harry shrugged dejectedly as the puddle grew bigger around him; he had given up on trying to stop mid-flow. He couldn’t, and he only succeeded in getting his hands wet.

"Well let me move, I'm assuming you need the loo?" He asked quietly, still hadn’t noticed anything amiss.

"I don’t have to go anymore," Harry whimpered as he felt the last of his pee drip down his leg.

"What do you mean you don’t have to..? Oh," Bill replied finally looking down at the floor.

The toilet light had illuminated the hallway where they were and he could see plain as day the puddle of liquid around Harry, not to mention Harry's pajama bottoms were drenched.

"You took too long and I couldn’t hold it anymore," Harry explained quietly.

"Why didn’t you go use the one downstairs?" Bill whispered gently grabbing Harry's hand.

"It was too dark," Harry said tearfully, allowing the older boy to pull him into the loo.

"I'm sorry Harry, why didn’t you just knock?" Bill asked gently.

"Didn’t want you to be mad," he replied sniffling, though his tears never stopped.

"Why would I be mad?" Bill asked a bit confused.

"For disturbing you," Harry replied still not looking up. He couldn’t believe what just happened. How was he going to fix this?

"You wouldn’t have disturbed me at all Harry," Bill said gently. "You don’t like the dark?"

Harry didn’t say anything in response to that; he didn’t want his best mate’s brother to tell Ron about his fear. Though he knew Ron wouldn’t make fun since he himself was terrified of spiders, but why tempt fate?

"Stay here, I'm gonna go get your bag, and my wand," Bill said as he gingerly stepped over the puddle. He understood then, Harry like Ron was afraid of the dark. Then again after dealing with what they did for the past two years at Hogwarts Bill was not at all surprised. After dealing with Voldermort for two years, of course they were afraid of things going bump in the night.

Harry stood in the middle of the loo and glanced at the mirror. His face was tear-streaked and his eyes were red as well as his nose; which was running. The sight of himself made him want to cry harder and he quickly averted his eyes. He was getting cold, and he did not like the feeling of this extremely soaked garment between his legs. There was nothing he could do, so he just waited for Bill to come back.

Bill rubbed the sleep out of his eyes as he grabbed his wand feeling bad for the kid. He walked quietly but quickly to his little brother’s room, wand lit up in a low Lumos and grabbed the pack by the door. He noticed it was already open, but he just grabbed it and closed the door. He headed back to the loo, banishing the puddle on the floor with a flick of his wand.

"Here you are Harry," he said quietly as he walked in the loo and closed the door. He set the bag on the counter and turned to the silent boy next to him.

Harry looked up at the older boy tearfully, was it childish that he just wanted Snape? He didn’t like cleaning charms it still left him feeling dirty, and he was paranoid that you could still smell the pee on him. He wanted a bath but he wasn’t about to tell the older boy that.

Bill put a silencing spell around the bathroom and sighed they could talk now without whispering.

"Did you want a bath Harry? No one can hear the water run now," Bill said gently, he did have eyes and he could see the boy looking longingly at the tub.

"If...if it would be ok," he mumbled out.

"Its fine, lemme run the water," Bill replied walking over towards the tub to start the water.

Harry took off his shirt automatically, it wasn’t until he came to him bottoms that he remembered what he was wearing underneath. He colored slightly and froze up not wanting the older boy to see.

Bill noticed and got up to leave, not wanting to invade his privacy.

"Stay, don’t leave," Harry found himself saying grabbing the back of the boy's t-shirt. He couldn’t handle having to clean up alone; Snape had always helped him when he had an accident. Since he couldn’t have Snape, Bill was the next best thing.

"Are you sure?" Bill asked wanting to make sure.

"Yes I'm sure," Harry replied, fear replacing the embarrassment as he quickly tugged off his bottoms.

Bill turned off the water, not commenting on what looked like a mixture between underwear and soggy nappy between Harry’s legs. He could only guess what it was for, and he shrugged his shoulders. He knew whatever it was that Harry probably couldn’t help it. He walked back towards the counter and started taking out an extra pair of pajama bottoms, and what looked some normal boxers, until he felt them.

"Harry what exactly is this?" He asked as he felt the material and he was unable to stem his curiosity.

"Its muggle underwear, they help with um...bedwetting," Harry finally choked out.

“You wet the bed Harry?" Bill asked softly, looking at the underwear in interest.

"Yes, please don’t tell anyone," Harry whispered dejectedly.

"I won’t kid; it’s not my secret to tell." Bill said honestly, though he was curious about one thing.

"Thank you," Harry replied quietly.

"Do they have any for girls?" Bill asked casually.

"Yea, but theirs don’t look like boxers," Harry answered.

"I would hope not," Bill said chuckling.

He would talk to his dad about making a detour tomorrow when they did their trip. The muggles had a good idea, and he knew that Ginny would love this; it was lot better than waking up wet. He knew she was embarrassed that the problem had come back after her first year of school. Again he couldn’t blame her, for what she went through. They were lucky that was all that came out of her run in with Voldermort. He looked at the small boy in front of him and sighed.

"Harry its ok that you wet the bed," Bill said gently.

"No it not I'm 13 now," Harry said sniffling before shaking his head sadly.

"That doesn’t mean anything, don’t tell her I told you this but Ginny does it too." Bill said quietly.

"What? No way, your pulling my leg," Harry said not believing that in the slightest.

"She does, why else would I ask if they came in girl sizes?" Bill said pointedly.

"But she, are you serious?" That was all Harry could say, as he stared at the redhead.

He couldn’t tell you what he was feeling, because he didn’t know himself. It was a warm feeling to know that he wasn’t alone in this. He looked at Bill before he spoke.

"Are you gonna tell her about me?" Harry asked softly.

"I would like too, especially since I told you about her. It would make her feel better that one of her friends did it too." Bill replied honestly.

"Ok...just don’t tell Ron please," Harry said softly as he sniffled. He knew how it felt to feel like you were the only one with this problem and he didn’t want Ginny to feel like that.

"Its ok Harry, don’t cry. Your secret is safe with me kid," he replied reassuringly.

Bill nodded it made perfect sense now, and he grabbed another shirt. He could only assume that Snape had packed the bag because he highly doubted Harry would pack any extra sets of clothing. Bill took a seat on the close toilet, conjuring a book to read as Harry stepped into the tub. He threw a cleaning charm on the wet clothes on the floor before placing them in the plastic bag inside the pack.

Harry relaxed in the warm water as he grabbed his wash towel and started to clean up. The tears ran silently down his face and he wanted nothing more to go home. But it was around 3:30am and he knew that he would never be allowed. The fact that he couldn’t get the comfort from Snape that he so desperately needed, made him cry just a little bit harder.

Harry was sitting in the bathtub, wishing he had his toys and was at home. He felt so alone and he felt the back of his eyes burning again as the tears tried to fall again. He soaped the wash cloth before cleaning himself up. He sniffled loudly but never said a word the entire bath. He sat there for a while until the water got cold and finally looked up at Bill.

"I wanna get out now," he said quietly.

Bill nodded and stood up and held out a towel for him. Turning around he pulled the plug to let out the water.

Harry stood there wrapped in an oversize towel shivering and sniffling. He got dressed quickly, slipping on his special underwear first. When he finished he looked at the soaked garment on the floor. He didn’t know what to do with it, and he picked it up dejectedly. He didn’t want anyone to see it in the rubbish bin because they would know that it belonged to him.

Bill turned around to see Harry looking on the verge of tears again and after seeing what he was holding he knew why.

"I got it Harry," he said waving his wand and banishing it out of existence.

Harry smiled gratefully, before hugging himself tightly.

"Time to go back to bed," Bill said softly as he grabbed the pack and waved his wand to cancel the silencing charm.

"Can...can I floo my dad?" Harry finally asked unable to stifle the sob this time.

"Harry it’s late, and Snape isn’t one you want to wake up at 4:00 in the morning," Bill said trying to get him to smile. His mother and father had already explained the situation to him and Charlie in better depth then his younger siblings about Harry’s relatives and how Snape played into it.

"He doesn’t mind, I've woken him up before in the night. Please can I floo him. I need him,” Harry whimpered through his sobs.

"I sorry Harry you can’t," Bill said gently though inside he was feeling awful.

He knew that if he did Harry would want to go back home leaving Ron to wonder what happened to him during the night. He didn’t want to explain to his family why Harry left, not to mention he could help but feel like Harry needed more independence. It was boggling to him how clingy the smaller boy actually was. Apparently his relative’s abuse went a lot further then his parents had said. This was more than a few hits, with angry words thrown in there. Bill could see the signs quite clearly, and he still couldn’t fathom how they could do that to anyone; let alone a child who was their own flesh and blood.

"I want...my...daddy," Harry gasped out through his sobs that were shaking his small frame.

"I know you do buddy, it'll be ok though," Bill said before reaching down to pick him up.

He was a bit surprised about the weight of the boy, he was expecting something solid like Ron, but Harry was about as light as Ginny. Bill walked out off the loo and set Harry's pack in his own room before walking downstairs. He felt the grip around his neck tightened as they walked down in the darkness and he patted his back to calm him down. Bill headed into the kitchen for some warm milk.

Harry cried silently into the older male's shirt, he wanted the smell of potions and security he usually got when he hugged Snape.

"Harry it'll be ok, just call down," Bill said trying to sooth him, and fix him a warm drink.

Grabbing the cup in one hand he decided (with the way Harry was clinging to him) to head to his own room. He closed his door and turned on the light before setting Harry on the bed.

"Drink this slowly Harry," he said handing him the cup.

"Can I have Padfoot?" Harry mumbled softly referring to his dog. The name he'd chosen was familiar to him but he couldn’t understand why, nor could he remember if it belonged to anyone.

"What’s that?" Bill asked legitimately confused.

"My stuffed dog, he was on my bed," Harry explained softly.

"Oh ok, and yea I'll go get him," Bill said quickly opening the door and going down the hall to Ron's room. He returned quickly with the toy and handed it to Harry who latched on it tight.

"Are you ready to go back to bed now?" Bill asked gently as he sat down next to him.

Harry didn’t say anything; he just buried his face into his stuffed animal. It smelled of home and he found himself unable to stop his tears.

"Harry...." was all Bill said before picking him up and placing him in his lap.

Harry said nothing only lifting his head to drink the warm milk with honey. It was so yummy, and it made him sleepy. He found himself closing his eyes and relaxing completely against Bill's chest.

"That’s it Harry," Bill said softly as the younger boy's breathing started to even out. He held him for 15 minutes more wanting to make sure that he was totally asleep, before he slowly got up and carried him back to Ron's room.

After tucking him in and then checking on his brother Bill walked out and headed back to his room to get some much needed sleep

*266*2012-03-23 02:15

Hey guys, um yea thanks for the reviews and stuff..and heres the next chapter..Again I'm so glad you guys are enjoying this story so much.

Chapter 45

Harry woke up the next more to the sun shining brightly in his face. He moaned before tugging the pillow over his head. He could hear Ron snoring still and wished that could have been him. The dungeons never woke him up like this; the manor didn’t either as he usually had the windows covered. As he rolled over he felt like his bladder was screaming for relief. He shook his head, he would never drink that much pumpkin juice again; no matter how good it was. He jumped out of bed and wondered over to the door. As he opened it he became more aware of the noises in the hallway.

Harry stepped out to see Percy and the twins banging on the door to the loo, arguing about who was next. Harry winced before coming to stand behind them. It being the morning meant he needed to go quite badly, and he didn’t want to have another accident, especially in front of more people. It was bad enough with almost not making it with Charlie and then Bill seeing him wet.

2 minutes later and Harry was holding himself quite openly, as he jumped up and down in desperation. They were so into their argument they didn’t notice him, nor Bill who opened the door to see what was going on. Harry tried to smile but it came out a grimace, Bill's shaving cream made him look like Father Christmas.

"What is going on out here?" Bill asked staring at his younger brothers, who all started to speak at once.

“We were here first but…”

“Then Percy tried to jump…”

“In front of us using…”

“The I’m older tag,” Fred finished, while George glared at Percy.

Before Bill could say anything, he glanced behind them when he heard a small voice call his name.

"Bill," Harry whimpered as he felt himself about to leak. He wasn’t even sure the man had heard him until he locked eyes with him.

"Come on in Harry," Bill replied when he caught sight of the frantic dancing.

Harry nodded gratefully but he couldn’t get through because the twins were in the way.

Bill frowned as Harry tried to make his way through the redheads but couldn’t. He groaned inwardly when Harry bent over at the waist.

"Move it guys, let him through," he said loudly, before reaching through and grabbing Harry by the front of his shirt before pulling him into the loo. He closed the door quickly, as he heard the boy scamper towards the toilet.

"Igottapeebad," Harry said desperation evident in his voice.

"I know you do Harry," Bill replied grabbing his razor and turning back to the sink. Though they had shaving charms; Bill like his father, preferred to use muggle means. While it took a bit longer then the charm, the results were better, not to mention it was easier for him.

Harry danced in front of the toilet as he hurriedly lifted the seat up, before pulling his pants and boxers down enough to go. He breathed a loud sigh of relief as his liquid started forcibly hitting the toilet water. He smiled as he relieved himself, happy to have made it.

"Thank you," Harry said still going, though he smiled as he turned to look at Bill.

"Keep your eye on the bowl Harry," Bill said shaking his head in amusement.

Harry blushed but nodded as he continued, he was reminded of the time he peed in the parking lot because of how much he seemed to be going. He didn’t know he could hold that much in. He tried to push it out faster as he was still going, but he could feel his bladder slowly emptying.

"Good thing I let you in," Bill said chuckling softly as he heard how much the small boy was producing.

Harry nodded very grateful for that as his stream started to weaken. 10 seconds later and he was done, he had never felt more relieved. Putting himself back in his underwear he leaned over to flush the toilet. He stood there for a second just looking at Bill shave; it looked so much fun.

"You can wash your hands Harry," Bill said moving back and turning on the water.

Harry moved to the sink before quickly washing his hands and drying them on the towel. He smiled before opening the door and walking out.

"Sorry about that..."

"Mate we didn’t see..."

"That you were hiding behind us..."

"Though we are glad..."

"To see that you..."

"Made it ok...” the twins finished.

Harry blushed before he nodded once; their way of talking always made him dizzy. He walked back towards Ron's room, where he found his mate blinking sleepily at him.

"Morning Ron," Harry said cheerfully.

"Hey Harry, where we're you? For a second I thought you might've gone home," Ron said pulling the covers off.

"I was in the loo," Harry replied, keeping to himself that had Bill allowed him to floo Snape he would be. He was feeling better now, but at the time he just wanted to be with his dad.

"That’s where I need to be," Ron said as he stood up and stretched.

"Bill is in there," Harry murmured.

"That’s not a problem, if you have to go bad enough he'll let you in," Ron said knowingly before walking out to the hall.

Harry knew just what he meant and for that he was grateful. He grabbed a pair of jean shorts and a green shirt with a dinosaur on it before getting dressed. Deciding on brushing his teeth after breakfast Harry headed downstairs.

"Good morning," he said as he came into the kitchen before taking a seat at the table.

He received the greeting back from the few people that were in there, before Mrs. Weasely was loading up his plate.

Harry looked down at his full plate and sighed, she served a lot of food and he wasn’t even sure if he could eat it all. He looked around the table not sure if he was supposed to eat or wait until everyone came down.

"Eat up dear before it gets cold," Molly said, as she walked passed him.

"Yes m’am," he replied before digging into his food with gusto.

He ate half of what was on his plate before his stomach was feeling a bit bloated from all the food. By that time nearly everyone was seated and eating. Harry sighed before taking another bite of food. He felt like he was going to explode if he ate anymore but he didn’t want to be ungrateful. This had never been a problem at home; Snape always seemed to know how much was enough for him.

"If your full Harry, don’t eat anymore; you’re going to make yourself sick," Charlie said before taking his plate way and passing it to his mum to put on the counter. He had seen the boy struggling to eat the rest of his food. He knew everyone didn’t have a bottomless pit like they Weaseley boys did.

"So dad, where are we going today?" Percy asked as he took a bite of his toast.

"One of my fellow wizards is married to a muggle and he was telling me about this place in the muggle world for families to have fun." Arthur explained happily.

"What kind of place dad?" Ron asked.

"That is a surprise," was all Arthur said before returning to his food.

Harry smiled happily as conversation around the table turned to talk about where they might be going. He was so excited.

After breakfast was over Molly, told them all to go finished getting ready. As they all clambered up the stairs she grabbed Bill and Charlie and told them to make sure that the younger ones; meaning Ginny, Harry, and Ron packed an extra set of clothes. Since they were going to be in the muggle world it would be best if they refrained from doing any magic out there. Bill and Charlie agreed before heading to get ready themselves.

"Ron; you and Harry each pack a backpack with a change of clothes," Charlie said sticking his head in the door. Bill had gone to tell the same to Ginny.

"Oy, why do we have to do that?" Ron asked oblivious and confused at the moment.

Harry blushed slightly he knew what Charlie was getting at; Snape had done it every time they went out for which Harry was grateful for each time he needed them; but he would be lying if he said it didn’t make him embarrassed nonetheless. He took his things out his pack while Charlie explained to Ron why they were doing it. He turned around when he heard Ron's horrified reaction and grinned.

"It’s not a big deal mate; we just can’t use magic around muggles. Not to mention what if we use it in private and there’s another witch or wizard around? What would happen if they saw Harry Potter and the Weasleys?" Harry said rationally as he packed a set of clothes, making sure to include underwear.

"Right, sorry mate I had forgotten about that," Ron replied sheepishly.

Charlie winked at Harry for diffusing the situation before going back to his room, and making sure he had everything.

Harry had his money sack around his neck; apparently Snape didn’t believe he wouldn’t lose it and he spelled it closed until Harry needed to take something out of it. He couldn’t take it off or anything. Though it was weightless and he had no idea how much money was actually in it. Snape and Harry didn’t feel comfortable letting the Weasleys pay for him when they didn’t have too.

10 minutes later and everyone was downstairs and waiting by the door. They walked outside to see that Arthur had rented a van for them to use that day. Harry wanted the floor to open up and swallow him when they started talking about the Ford Angelis that he and Ron took to Hogwarts.

Everyone was soon scrambling inside with the 3 youngest in the way back the set off for the trip. Harry had a window seat and he didn’t know how long the ride was and didn’t want to fall asleep because he didn’t want to wet. He leaned against the glass as he heard tidbits from various conversations around him. He and Ron had just started talking about Quidditch when Harry felt his bladder prod him.

Harry had forgotten to go before he left because he was so excited. Looking at his watch he saw they had only been in the car for 25 minutes. He wasn’t about to ask to stop besides he knew he could hold it for a while anyways. As he rested against the window his eyes started closing on their own accord and though he resisted it at first; he couldn’t keep doing it forever and Harry soon drifted off to sleep.

*274*2012-03-29 09:08

Sorry this is so late, trying to get back on track with school after break is a struggle. Enjoy this chapter its pretty long, oh and another thing. Everyone has opionions I get that, but when you constantly say that you dislike something in my story, that gets on my nerves. My story has been this way since the begining and its gonna stay this way PERIOD,; hence the term MY story. Dont like it, you dont have to read it, in fact I wish you wouldnt. With all that said and done, enjoy the story.

Chapter 46

Charlie turned around to check on the 3 behind him and they were in different stages of sleeping. Ron was nodding off, jerking back his head whenever he drifted off, Ginny was blinking rapidly trying to stay awake, and Harry was gone to this world. He reached over to place a pillow between Harry and the window before moving Ron to lean on Harry. He looked at Ginny in amusement as she slowly lost the battle to sleep before situating her and turning around.

"Don’t be so loud, their sleeping," Charlie said quietly effectively shushing the van.

"Who’s sleeping?"

"Harry, Ron and Ginny are," He replied with a shrug.

"That’s good, when they get to the park they'll be rested up." Molly said softly.

"We're going to a park?" Fred asked incredulously.

"Yes and no, it’s a different type of park a muggle theme park of sorts. Do be quiet and don’t tell the younger ones I want them to be surprised." Arthur said firmly.

"Of course dad..."

"We can keep…"

"Secrets," they finished together.

2 hours later Harry was moving a bit in his seat, his hand squeezing himself tightly trying to alert his brain of his struggles. He woke up hand deep in his groin with a small gasp. He was horrified that he had fallen asleep and breathed a great sigh of relief when he realized he didn’t wet. That relief last for about a second when he found out why. His bladder was too full and he knew he didn’t have long until his bladder just gave out.

He looked around the van uneasily, Ron and Ginny were asleep, and damn near everyone else was as well, except for Charlie and Mr. Weasley; who was driving. He had no clue what they were talking about and he didn’t care. Harry sat wiggling in his seat for a moment as he placed the pillow over his lap. Harry was borderline frantic he had no idea what he was supposed to do now. Harry closed his eyes tightly, as a wave of desperation hit and he knew he’d better speak up soon.

"Are we almost there?" He asked quietly though the stillness in the van they heard him just fine.

"Be there in a half hour," Arthur replied happily.

"Oh that long?" Harry murmured though they still heard it.

"Did you need something Harry?" Charlie asked lazily turning around.

“Ye…no I didn’t,” Harry stammered out, as his desperation hit him full force.

Charlie frowned slightly before focusing his gaze on Harry’s face. His face looked pinched and he seemed to be in pain, what the hell?

“You ok Harry?” Charlie asked looking intently at his face.

“I need a stop,” Harry said almost inaudibly, unable to keep still or his silence. He didn’t want to risk an accident today, especially not in the car with the chances of it getting on someone other them himself.

“Why, what’s the matter?” Charlie asked thinking that the boy probably wasn’t feeling well.

Harry grimaced before squirming in his seat as he gripped himself tightly, trying hard not to jostle Ron. He didn’t wanna wake his friend up, and have to explain what was going on.

“Did you need the loo Harry?” Charlie asked, seeing the movement, and the crotch grab. He was asking to be sure, but he knew the problem immediately.

“Uh huh, can we stop soon?” Harry whispered desperately for once not trying to deny it as he leaned forward in his seat.

“Yea, hold on for a bit mate. Hey dad, when’s the next rest area coming up?” Charlie asked.

“There’s one in about 5 minutes, Harry needs to go?” Arthur asked getting over into the exit lane.

“Yea,” Charlie replied turning around to check on Harry.

Harry nodded having heard Mr. Weasely, and tried not to let how bad he had to go show. As he sat there he suddenly bolted up in his seat, how was he going to get out? He was in the furthest seat from the door, he would wet by the time he crawled over everyone and actually got out the car. His panic wasn’t helping his already filled to the brim bladder and he wasn’t surprised when he lost a few drops into his boxers. He looked at Charlie not wanting to bother him, but not knowing what else to do. He laid his head on the window and whimpered a bit, trying to figure this out.

“Just hold on Harry, he’s getting off the roadway now,” Charlie said soothingly, when he heard the whimper. Charlie frowned as he took in the same thing that was currently sending Harry into a panic.

“Harry I want you to unbuckle your seatbelt then lean forward,” Charlie said taking off his own so he could lift him over the seats.

“Ok,” Harry said quickly doing it, before he was lifted up and sitting next to Charlie.

“Bill wake up, I need you to move for a minute,” Charlie said as Arthur started to pull into the rest area.

“Why, are we there already?” Bill asked sitting up a bit and blinking the sleep out his eyes.

“No, we gotta get out though,” Charlie said turning to check on Harry again.

“Where we going then,” he asked yawning widely.

“Harry needs the loo, like now. Open the door quick Bill,” Charlie said quietly.

For his part Harry was rocking animatedly in his seat, not really paying attention to anyone else but his now pulsing bladder. He could feel a spurt trying to make its way out, but he held himself tighter so he wouldn’t leak again. He didn’t want to ruin the day before it hadn’t even started yet.

Bill quickly opened the door having heard that, and jumped out before turning around to let his brother out and see how Harry was holding up.

Harry climbed out the van slowly before doubling over as tears sprung into his eyes. He clenched his thighs together as both his hands squeezed himself tightly. As the spasm passed he stood back up, and removed one hand before looking at the two red heads in front of him.

“Right, come on then,” Charlie said reaching for his hand automatically.

Harry latched on tightly as Charlie led the way towards the toilets. He moaned and stiffened before stopping a second later as he felt his boxers dampen. He stood stock still both hands holding his crotch as he bent over trying to contain the flood.

“Shit…Harry come on kid, we’re almost there,” Charlie said pulling on his arm as he tried to get Harry to move again.

“It’s starting to come out,” Harry whispered tearfully, too scared to move at this point for fear of more leaking out.

“You can do it Harry, just try,” Charlie urged him.

“Merlin Charlie, just pick him up already,” Bill finally spoke, trying to keep the frustration out of his tone, wondering why his brother hadn’t done that sooner.

Harry didn’t say anything but nodded in agreement with Bill, as a few tears fell down his face.

“Just hold on about a minute more Harry,” Charlie said before picking him up quickly and sprinting towards the loo.

“Hurry, Hurry please,” Harry whimpered as a he as he squirmed in Charlie’s arms as he lost a few more spurts into his boxers.

Harry could feel them already soaked through, but was too afraid to look to see if it showed through on his trousers. He was terrified that Charlie would feel it on his hands and know that he was peeing on himself.

Meanwhile Bill, who watched Charlie run off to the toilets with Harry; thought since they had stopped at a rest area he should head back to the car to check on Ginny and wake her up and see if she needed to go. He was also hoping that she hadn’t wet too. He quickly hurried back into the van and very carefully made his way to the back. He sighed in relief when he saw that she was dry but she was moving around quite a bit.

“Gin-Gin, wake up sweetie,” he whispered softly, as he gently shook her shoulder.

“Whazzit?” She mumbled tiredly, as she opened her bleary eyes to look at her brother.

“Come use the loo,” Bill replied quietly.

“Ok,” she replied sleepily, she had felt her bladder quite clearly when she sat up. She reached her arms up to him to grab her.

Bill shook his head in amusement before picking up his little sister and getting out the van. He walked quickly to the toilet, trying to keep her awake. He frowned as he came to the toilets, the men’s loo had a line, and he sighed gratefully when Charlie and Harry went to the front of it.

“Gin-Gin, go in and use it, I’ll be right here by the door,” Bill said setting her down by the door.

Ginny nodded before walking through the door and heading into a stall.

Bill waited anxiously for her, very grateful that it didn’t seem to be a lot of women who needed the loo. He wouldn’t hesitate to go in there if Ginny needed him.

"Almost there, hold it a few more seconds," Charlie said sighing in relief when he saw the men’s sign for the toilet.

"I can’t its coming out right not, let me down Charlie," Harry said pulling at his trousers frantically and trying to squirm out of his arm. If he peed on Charlie he would be so humiliated.

Charlie said nothing in response to that, though he held him tighter as he burst through the door. He groaned loudly in frustration, turning a few heads in their direction, as he saw the line and he knew that Harry couldn’t hold it that long.

"You and your little brother can go before me if you like. The little one looks likes he busting," a man in line said kindly.

"That’s cuz I am," Harry said sniffling as he leaked a bit more.

He didn’t say anything else as he was jostled around in Charlie’s arms. Harry was dribbling pee steadily by this point when finally a stall opened. He was set down in front of the toilet as his buckles on his clothes suddenly disappeared in thin air. He ignored that in favor of pulling his underwear down and peeing into the toilet. It felt great to be going even though only half of it ended up in the toilet. The rest had completely soaked his boxers and his trousers to about mid-knee.

"Feel better kid?" Charlie asked gently, one hand over his thumping heart.

"Yes, but I didn’t make it fully," Harry said as he flushed the toilet. He was already sniffling piteously as he surveyed the damage done to his clothes.

"What do you mean?" Charlie asked softly.

"Look at me, what am I gonna do?" Harry said crying softly as he turned to face Charlie in embarrassment. He never had to ask that question with Snape, the man just knew what to do.

Charlie winced before looking up at Harry who was crying. He tapped his wand against his arm, though technically his mum had said no magic today, she wasn’t here at the moment.

“Hey Harry, can you keep a secret mate?” Charlie asked quietly.

“Uh huh,” Harry said sniffling pathetically as he stared at his shoes.

“I’m gonna spell you clean, and then hit you with a refreshing charm. Just promise me you won’t tell mum alright?” Charlie explained quietly.

“I promise,” Harry said miserably as he looked at his trousers.

Charlie quickly spelled him clean and threw a gentle cleaning charm at his face to wipe up his tears and the redness that showed he had been crying.

“Thanks Charlie,” Harry replied appreciatively, before beaming at the older male.

“No problem Harry, let’s go,” Charlie responded as he ruffled Harry’s hair before opening the stall and leaving.

“What’s Bill doing?” Harry asked as they walked over to the redhead who was leaning against the wall by the women’s loo.

“He’s waiting for Ginny,” Charlie said, when just at that moment the girl in question walked out.

“Hi Ginny,” Harry said smiling shyly.

“Hi Harry, guess what Dad says we’re almost there,” she said excitedly as they all started walking back to the van.

“Awesome, do you know where we’re going?” Harry asked.

“Nope, I only know that part because mum woke up and asked dad how long it would be.” Ginny said proudly.

“Cool, I wonder if Ron is still asleep,” Harry murmured out loud.

“What do you think?” She asked smirking at him.

Harry blushed slightly for a moment, and smiled. Of course Ron was asleep, he could sleep through anything. He and Ginny raced back to the van making sure to keep Bill and Charlie in their sights.

