Mark and Stacey in the Big City

Author: jb2ja

*000*2016-01-01 00:33

Hi all,

Thought I'd try to write a short story based on an idea that I've been kicking around in my head for a while now.. It contains both male and female desperation.

Mark and Stacey in the Big City

###

Mark was wandering around the subway station, trying to kill time while he waited for the train that would carry him into the city for dinner and a night out with his girlfriend, Stacey. Further down the line, trains going in opposite directions were sharing a single track while some emergency maintenance happened on the other. This would add at least half an hour to a journey that had already been tediously long, transferring from one bus to another just to get to the station in the first place. But he was looking forward to some long-overdue time with her. Their work schedules had been keeping them busy lately.

It had taken Mark all of about five minutes to get bored with the change of scenery after getting off the bus. There really wasn't anything to do here on the subway platform. He saw a few posters encouraging people to say something if they saw a piece of luggage unattended. A map of the train network upon which he'd managed to kill all of about thirty seconds verifying his route. An advertisement for some movie that would be coming out soon. If he'd seen a restroom during his wanderings, he might have used it just for the sake of interrupting the monotony.

It had been a number of hours since his last visit. But he didn't particularly need to go yet and the apparent lack of public facilities barely registered a conscious thought for him. He sat down on a bench and watched the minutes count down slowly to the estimated arrival of his train. Part of him wished he'd just driven himself into town. The distance between Mark and Stacey wasn't so bad by car. But they'd wanted to be free to drink tonight. And parking downtown was always a nightmare anyway. So public transportation it was.

Meanwhile, Stacey had only just boarded her train into town. Living and working somewhat closer to the action, she had the luxury of much faster access to the downtown area, at least by comparison to Mark's meandering voyage. She wouldn't even have had to change trains if not for the fact that she'd been craving a good slice of pizza all week. As a result, she and Mark would be meeting at Vincenzo's Pizza—a small eatery, wedged into the business district. Neither she nor Mark had been there before—they didn't really venture downtown very often—but one of her friends had absolutely raved about the place. I hope it lives up to the hype, she thought to herself as she took a small swig of water from her bottle.

During the final leg of his subway ride, Mark had become increasingly aware of a growing fullness in his bladder. It wasn't any great cause for concern—he was nearly there anyway. But with little else to occupy his mind, it was enough that he found his thoughts wandering more than once back to the volume of liquid pressing against his sphincter. He tried not to dwell on it.

Stacey was the first to arrive at Vincenzo's, about half an hour before closing. The maintenance delays on the tracks had pushed their date a bit later than originally planned. But Mark had texted her that he was mere minutes away, so she stepped inside to peruse their offerings. It was indeed a very small place, built into an impressive-looking office building but accessible only from outside via a separate entrance. The extent of its sit-down dining seemed to consist of only a handful of tables and chairs outside.

No matter, though. It was a warm enough summer day that even at this late hour the outdoors were still quite comfortable. With Mark mere moments away, Stacey took the liberty of ordering. A slice of “everything” pizza for herself and two of pepperoni for her somewhat less adventurous boyfriend. And two large sodas to wash it all down. The sodas were larger than she'd expected—they had to be at least 40 ounces apiece. Probably could've saved 50 cents and gone with medium, she thought in hindsight as she carried her overladen tray of purchases outside to the tables.

Mark rounded the corner just as Stacey had set up a spot for them. She eagerly waved him over to their table; and he greeted her with a kiss. He gave half a moment's thought to popping inside to use the restroom before they ate; but it really wasn't urgent, he reasoned. And the two quickly became distracted telling each other about their weeks and remarking with considerable satisfaction upon the quality of the food—it really was very good pizza. “I wish we had something like this closer to home,” Stacey remarked. She'd found a new favorite pizza place.

As the conversation wound down and they finished their food (and most of their drink), Mark's bladder began to demand his attention more pointedly. “I'd better hit the bathroom before we go,” he told Stacey with the slightest wince betraying his growing urgency, “I haven't had a chance to pee since lunchtime.”

Although Stacey couldn't boast as many hours of fill time as her significant other, that soda was certainly starting to make its presence known in her lower abdomen; and a chance to let it out did not sound at all unwelcome. “I'll come too,” she said.

They threw their trash in a can by the door and deposited their tray atop a nearby stack before rounding the end of the counter to the only area of Vincinzo's that wasn't visible from the entrance—surely that would be where the bathroom was. Except they were instead greeted by nothing more than a wall with a framed photograph of some scenic and presumably Italian coastal city.

“Is there a bathroom in here?,” Mark inquired at the counter.

“No, sorry,” was all the clerk said, barely looking up from his tidying efforts as he closed down for the day.

“How can a restaurant not have a bathroom?,” Stacey asked. “Is that even legal?”

“We're not a full restaurant, just a take-out place,” the young man replied as he gathered unused ingredients and placed them in the refrigerator for the night. “And if you don't mind, we're kind of closing.”

The two exited Vincenzo's annoyed both at the lack of restrooms and at the clerk's uncaring attitude. The food may be good, but the hospitality certainly leaves something to be desired, Stacey thought to herself. Mark's thoughts centered more on troubleshooting the problem as quickly as possible. He tested the door of the office building outside Vincenzo's—locked and dark. After hours. And from the looks of the adjacent card reader, Mark didn't get the impression that the building would've been any more likely to grant him entry during the day. This could be a problem, Mark thought, visually searching for any other prospects and finding nothing but large, corporate-office-looking buildings that all seemed to have shut down hours ago. There didn't even seem to be any other takeout places in sight. They must make a lot of money serving all the people who work in these buildings, Mark thought. People who can use the bathroom at work.

“Well, we were going to hit up a bar anyway,” Stacey said, trying to be positive about it. “Will you be okay until we find a place?,” she asked with a look of concern. She was none too pleased for the state of her own bladder; and, from what he'd said, Mark had been holding it a lot longer. Her bladder seemed to spasm just a little in sympathy, imagining what he must be feeling. She squeezed her sphincter muscle to contain the growing feeling of fullness.

Mark tried to stay composed. “I think so,” he said, not really sure what else one could say in such a situation. But his bladder was getting very full now. He needed to go.

So the two set out with the goal of finding a place—any place—where they could pee. They didn't really know their way around, but they had a vague idea of which way the bars were. The city blocks went by slowly, each step reminding both parties of the growing volume of liquid between their legs. Stacey was getting a little nervous for her own fate, but didn't want to complain too loudly when Mark had made it so clear that he was bursting.

After what felt like an eternity, they came across a nightclub with a small crowd outside its door. “Can we go in?,” Stacey asked.

“You'll have to wait,” the bouncer explained. “The last idiot let too many people in, and now we're over capacity.”

“Please, we really just have to use the bathroom and then we'll...”

“We're skirting fire code as it is,” the bouncer explained. “If you can wait about ten minutes, I might be able to squeeze you in, but,” and he lowered his voice, “the idiot who was watching the door before me let too many guys in—it's turning into a sausage fest in there. Your boyfriend could be waiting awhile. I don't know what's so fucking hard about counting...” His voice trailed off in clear frustration with whoever had been guarding the door before him.

The hope of a bathroom if she could just wait there a little longer was a sorely tempting prospect. Her urethra was positively tingling at the idea of letting her pee out. And by now she had an awful lot that she'd like to let out. But she couldn't just leave Mark like that... Could she? Her mind started reeling, trying to construct a plan. Maybe he could pee outside? But there didn't seem to be the slightest hint of an alley or any other form of semi-privacy within sight. Could he maybe leave her there to wait and go off to find a men's room on his own, somewhere else? This wasn't really the safest place in the world for a woman (or anyone, really) to be hanging out alone. But maybe if he just waited with her until she got to go inside.

Then he could go for a walk. Even if he didn't find a place, the walk could distract him. He could try not to think about it, just for a little bit. She would swear to him that if they just hung around here long enough for her to pee that she would be absolutely devoted to finding him a place to go as soon as she was done. Her conscience twinged at the idea of sitting on a toilet, letting that stream gush furiously out of her body while the man she loved struggled—alone now—to contain his own. Still, that had been a really big soda. Was there any sense in them both having an accident? She crossed her legs just a little and tested the waters carefully.

“Maybe we could stick around for just a few minutes...” she started to say.

But when her eyes met Mark's, it was pretty clear that he didn't have a few minutes to spare. He was trying not to be obvious about it, but she knew him pretty well by now. The look that flashed across his eyes was sheer desperation. Abandonment. Panic. Maybe even a hint of anger—after all, she'd been trying to downplay her own need whereas he'd made it clear back at the pizza place that he was really full. And in fairness, she was pretty certain he still had to go worse.

As badly as she wanted to go, abandoning Mark when he was in such need just wasn't right. And making him stand there, waiting so she could pee but not him? She felt guilty for having even thought it. We both have to pee, she told herself. We'll find a place together.

They resumed the search. They made it three blocks. Then four. No bars. No restaurants. Not even a semi-secluded corner in which to hide—nothing that wouldn't have required jumping an eight-foot fence, at least. Maybe we should've split up after all, Stacey thought, thinking longingly about the ten-minute wait the bouncer estimated. I bet it's been ten minutes by now, she thought, wondering if the bouncer would've been true to his word. But right now the top priority had to be helping Mark. He was slowing down, having trouble walking. She needed to go soon, certainly; but he needed to go now.

They turned a corner and made it two more blocks before Mark spotted two unassuming little bushes, barely more than waist height, at the corner where a portion of a closed flower shop jutted out from its parent building. (A flower shop? We really seem to have gone in exactly the wrong direction, Stacey thought with growing exasperation. It seemed as though the universe itself were actively conspiring against them on this night.) Was it enough cover? Under ordinary circumstances, Mark wouldn't have considered it. But desperate times... Maybe he could stand facing the shrubs, with a wall to his left and...

“Stand next to me,” his hurried voice had a tone of begging as he hastily contrived a plan to pee without being too obvious about it (although, his definition of “obvious” was quickly becoming more permissive). “I can't wait anymore,” he told her as he struggled to maneuver into position. A passerby gave a funny glance to his awkward motion, but didn't find him interesting enough to break stride.

“Pull out your phone—act like we're trying to sort something out,” was Mark's brilliant plan. It actually kind of worked, though. He unzipped; and the stream had started before he'd even fully withdrawn his penis from his pants. Stacey dutifully played alongl, gesturing at her cell phone as though they were reading a message while inwardly resenting him—she seriously needed to pee now. Men have it far too easy, her inner voice grumbled.

The flow kept rushing out for what seemed like an eternity. How much pee can he hold?, she couldn't help but wonder. Her bladder contracted at the mere thought of that much fluid inside someone. She nearly dropped her cell phone, forgetting the charade, as she jammed a hand into her crotch to try to stem the flood. It was torture to be mere inches from someone peeing furiously when she needed so badly to do the same. The sight and sound seemed to taunt her bladder to unleash its contents too. He made it look so simple. Annoyingly simple. But at the same time, one conclusion seemed inescapable: He'd needed it more. She needed it badly. But he'd needed it more. And while that didn't entirely allay her frustration, it did temper it a little.

When the stream finally abated (after what felt to Stacey like half an hour but was probably considerably less than that), Mark tucked his penis back inside his pants, zipped up his fly, and seemed to almost collapse with relief against the wall that hard guarded his left side while Stacey guarded his right. Mark was finally comfortable. The irony wasn't lost on Stacey. She'd passed up the nightclub bathroom to spare him the torture of just knowing that she got to go and he didn't; and he turned around and pissed a river right in front of her. But that river spoke volumes. He needed it more, she told herself as her bladder spasmed under its load. He held it as long as he could. God, thinking about how badly he'd needed to go was not helping her.

Alright, she'd been the dutiful girlfriend in time of need. Now it was her turn to have her needs addressed. She thought about pulling down her pants and letting go right there. An ideal solution, it was not. While the sidewalks were far from a mad hustle and bustle (Seriously, where the hell have we wandered off to?), there was still enough foot traffic that she didn't relish the idea of putting her hind end on display like that. Mark could try to block the view from one side, certainly, just as she'd done for him, but even if people couldn't see much it wouldn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what she was doing. Could she make it back that to that nightclub, hoping the bouncer would put her at the front of the line? Would she even be able to find her way back to that nightclub? They seemed not to be having a lot of navigational luck that evening.

God, she needed to pee. Those bushes were looking more inviting with each passing moment.

“Feeling better?,” she asked him, allowing herself one last moment of empathy.

He nodded, practically shaking with relief.

“Good, because now I seriously need to pee.”

