Christmas in Neon City

Author: satyr

*000*2014-12-25 06:19

I wrote you a Christmas story. With extremely faint traces of Christmas spirit.

The sky above was the color of television, smashed to pieces. Dark, except for the small flying shards of glass that were airplanes flying low. Above it all loomed the still unfinished Elevator. This was Noviy Vavilon, and she turned her head away from the streets that still bothered to put up gaudy Christmas decorations. She was about to enter Neon City, the anarchic technohub of the city, one broad street narrowing into a maze of streets where houses often became conjoined and no GPS could help you find your way. She was on a quest for a Christmas present for her daughter, who was currently, with luck, sitting in a dark apartment lit only by old-fashioned candles. It had been dark since the government, in their mysterious ways, had cut the power more than a month ago.

In a perpetual war against guerilla techno activists, most of whom had a base for their various criminal enterprises in Neon City, always one step ahead in terms of technology, the one weapon the government thought they had was control over the power lines. Power lines are material by nature, unlike digital information, and hard to lay on a large scale in secrecy. But more importantly, they need to be connected to a power plant, and Neon City had none. Solar power was only efficient in summer, when the sun rises high in the sky, not in winter, when it dips beneath the horizon and doesn't bother to rise again for several months. Fossil fuel was scarce and biofuel hard to handle in volume. Neon City kept an array of power houses along the periphery, legitimate businesses bribed to lend seedy businesses and energy hubs within the City their connection to the nearby nuclear power plants.

She walked into the maze and put on her dark glasses. She was clad all in dark leather; leather pants, leather jacket, leather gloves, a small satchel on her back. The glasses would have been useless in the darknesses if they weren't connected to a number of cameras on her body, affording her certain luxuries, such as night vision and the ability to see behind her back without turning around. The display flickered to life and she could see her vitals gathered from the biosensors she had attached to her skin: Blood Pressure (BP) 105/73, Heart Rate (HR) 59 BPM, Bladder Volume (BV) 31%, bones and muscle tissue in the green.

Beneath her leather and shirt, covering her back and abdomen up to her breasts, was a lightweight nano-tube kevlar vest. Doubling as a sexy, very constricting corset for the men she sometimes met in seedy karaoke bars, men who promised to make her pussy sing and succeeded about as often as the karaoke singers manhandling pop songs on stage, it had been an expensive but necessary purchase after she'd been shot at during more than one run. This was her kit: not the most expensive, but serviceable and the best she could afford.

She walked into a side street and passed a strip of red-lit windows, with women dressed in their birthday suits offering their wares from the windows. She checked her back and saw a potential customer turning away from a window to check out her ass. She smiled. She still had it. Further down a few dizzying turns, into the dark heart of Neon City, where the tall buildings completely obscured the sky with their various overhangs, like tumors growing into each other, she passed a house with a large screen installed about where a second-story window might be expected. The screen had many broken pixels, shiny primary green, and flickered constantly. It displayed, or attempted to display, a cinemagraph, a looping picture of a woman laid seductively on a bed, dressed in an old-school cosplay maid costume, slowly separating her legs to show an upskirt of a glistening pair of panties.

A web address of the old school flickered across: omorashi.org. Bookmark already stored for future reference. Her kit stored much more information than she could comprehend in real-time, and she'd analyze it after each run. This had given her what had eluded both satellites from space, government military drones and Google commercial drones: a near-complete map of Neon City in three dimensions. This was the runner's version of The Knowledge, the infamously hard and now archaic test London cabbies had to pass to get a license to drive a cab all over London. Know every street, every shop and attraction along the streets, and the fastest route between any two points at any time of the day. Most of it was stored in her kit, but she was old-fashioned in a way: she often relied more on human intuition than technological augmentation. She was too old for dry runs, thirty now, but in her younger years she'd run new routes with no cargo just to familiarize herself with the terrain.

Her quest was only supposed to be for a Christmas present, but it was a very special present you couldn't find anywhere else. And to get it, she'd have to do one more run. She grabbed a bottle of spiked ice tea from a street vendor who also offered kvas under yet another neon sign attached to a cart. She quickly downed half of it and felt the rush, the pupils dilating and the glasses re-adjusting for the mydriasis. She was getting ready for the run, and put the rest of the bottle in her satchel, among the tools of her trade: a combined flashbang and heat bomb, sure to obscure her heat signature; a skyhook; an advanced wireless jammer; a stungun.

She climbed up a fire escape towards her pickup point. On the steps, she stopped and activated the Neon City network on her phone. Internet access was spotty in the City, but all communications of import were done via the local peer-to-peer network, which employed every active device in the City to route data via nearby devices within the wireless radius, along byways to obfuscate the path, to the intended receiver. A technology not unlike that employed during some revolutions, such as the now almost forgotten Arab Spring, when the government censored or cut the internet. All information was encrypted, and from the moment she opted in, innumerable illicit data flowed through her node. Much of it data she disapproved of, no doubt, but she had no way of knowing, and she needed the access to send her own illegal messages.

Rounding the top of the stairwell, she climbed in through a broken window, through a dilapidated former living room lit by a single bare blue bulb in the ceiling, then through a door, down a flight of stairs, and through an illicit chemical lab, where she gave cursory nods to a few drug chemists in ad hoc lab gear who passed her an approving look in turn when they saw her all kitted out for a run. Finally, at the back of the lab, she had to scan her eye to gain access to what looked like an elevator door, but opened up into a room filled from top to bottom with scraps of electronics. Decomissioned military hardware, stolen hardware, DIY hardware, all being repurposed for various illicit applications. Her BP was up to 89, BV 44%. Making a pickup was always fraught with danger, as none of the senders, as a general rule, trusted their runners.

Even if she had been doing this for thirteen years, beginning shortly after giving birth to her daughter to support the two of them. She thought for a moment of her daughter, a mind image, not a digital one, appearing unprompted: fourteen, alone in a dark apartment. She'd sternly told her to stay inside the apartment, but if the apple didn't fall far from the tree, she couldn't trust her. When she'd been fourteen herself, she was already hanging out with guys who hacked government systems or ran drug labs, and by sixteen she'd gotten herself pregnant by the wrong guy, always the wrong guy. A blessing and a curse. A blessing because she had gained the one thing she loved in the world, even above the rush of a run: her daughter. A curse because she now had two mouths to feed. But no. This was no time for sentimentality. This was business time.

“You here for pickup, da?” Said a man with decorative goggles and a ridiculous steampunk suit he must think was very cool, indicative of his great technical skill. To her, it indicated he was a rookie. HR immediately down by 20 BPM. This part should be easy.

“Da, tvoya begunya.” Your runner. You don't own me, sleazebag. But it was custom.

“Ah,” he said, and wrapped some electronic components in a dirty towel and handed them to her. No doubt illegal. She had no idea what it was for and didn't ask. He put an electronic sticker on the packet and had her sign it with her biosignature, so he'd know who to assassinate if the packet didn't reach the receiver in due time. As additional incentive to avoid the militia, they would know who she was, or at least obtain her biosignature, should she lose the packet. He guided her through a process she had done a hundred times before. Rookie indeed. He should've had me sign each individual component, not the packet, blyat. I could easily remove them from the towel and be rid of the tag if I wanted.

She had to restrain herself. The spike in her tea was making her more sober than sober, her ego increasing. She packed the cargo in her satchel and removed the bottle, which she finished and threw in one of several full garbage bins full of faulty electronics. BV 53%. She needed to pee, but there was no time. It was an unfortune reality that a runner needed an acuteness of attention and a certain grandiosity to perform the most dangerous profession in the world. She was a mercenary armed only with weapons of distraction, some martial art skills, a small dagger and a stungun, a rōninya up against fully armored militsiya with automatic rifles. Her main weapons were speed, stealth, and an absolute conviction that she would succeed. She'd quickly learned that direct confrontation with the enemy was futile. She sent the receiver an encrypted message: “Pickup complete.” Then it was onwards.

Up on a roof, in another neon window, through hallways frequented by junkies and the hapless wives of the techno barons and their children, some Russian, Finnish, Sámi, Scandinavian, and some Asian or half-Asian, immigrants from the anarcho-technological capital of the East, Tokyo, here to the seedy Western equivalent. Poor children. This was no place to grow up. Most runners lived in the City, but she would never expose her daughter to this. So she lived on the other side of Vavilon, in a small apartment that was now darkened—for reasons she could not comprehend, since the primary target of the government was Neon City—and did her business on the clock, family off.

As she passed a young woman with a child clinging to her legs—the woman quickly moved out of her way and clung to the wall, the kit having a certain aura—she heard stomping in the nearby stairwell. Militia, probably. She took off, running into an apartment, right into a Japanese family in the middle of a rice dish. They looked up, then dutifully down, as if there was no strange woman roaming their apartment. She enjoyed only grumbling respect from her employers, a rep built over more than a decade, but to these people, she was like some malevolent deity in the flesh. It was her job to remain stealthy, so she was rarely seen in the heart of the City fully kitted out, but that only added to the mystery. Nobody knew what she was capable of, least of all these civilians, but they knew she was immune to the militia, which was the next thing to an actual god.

These people all had family members arrested or killed. But the great secret was not that she was omnipotent, but that she was unimportant. Only a vessel for precious cargo. She was one of many, and for every one the militia caught, there were always three desperate recruits. If you wanted to be somebody, to be irreplacable and individual, you became a target. The secret was to remain a nobody. She knew this self-deluded little enclave could never win the war. It would last perpetually. Many of the residents knew that too, and had no revolutionary designs, they were simply looking to make a buck through various illegal means. But they all indoctrinated their spouses and children, the civilians, into the belief that Neon City represented a real alternative to the powers that be, that their every breath was revolutionary, and that every time they broke the law they were chiseling away at the rule of law itself.

Right now, however, the most stealthy thing to do would simply be to hide among the civilians. HR 121. BV 55%. Sweating. But she didn't have a lot of time. Delivering the cargo took precedent over stealth. She needed an out. Preferably onto a roof. She knew these roofs better than anyone. She searched her kit. She had never been in this particular apartment before, but the hallway was part of a known route. She was on the top floor. There ought to be a roof hatch, a skylight... Searching the rooms, she found a small bedroom with tatami mats on the floor and some dirty bedding shoved into a corner, illuminated only by the flashy sign on the opposite building shining in through the windows, the spaces between them cleaving her into red and black parts.

But there was a hatch in the ceiling. She jumped up and undid the clasp, then ran and leapt via a wall to punch the wooden hatch upwards, grabbing onto the edge. The night air was crisp up here. She felt the hatch fall and rest on her head, but it was as flimsy as the rest of the apartment and didn't hurt much. She hoisted herself up onto the flat roof, and looked around. The nearest building was... estimating... Estimated jump length: 6.1 m. Women's long jump world record: 7.58 m. Sans ten kilograms of kit and cargo. She had made such jumps before. As she contemplated the potentially suicidal jump, she heard the hum of a drone. Militia, probably. She had made it before.

She ran at the edge. She looked straight forward, and relied on her kit to tell her when to jump. Leap in 3 steps... 2... 1... She pushed forward with her eyes on the edge of the other roof. A moment later, she slammed into the wall. Her chest hurt, despite the kevlar, but she was still clinging to the edge. Estimated fall height: 53.4 m. With a heave she got one knee onto the roof, then the other, and she collapsed. Her glasses were blinking red. Possible multiple fractured ribs. BV 50%. She got onto a knee and blushed as she felt a dampness about her panties. But there was no time. She quickly checked her satchel. Her cargo was worth more than her life. Undamaged, thankfully. It had been on her back, after all. She felt her face, and there was blood. Thankfully her glasses were still functional. If she were four years younger, she would have that jump unscathed. She was getting too old for this, blyat.

The average career of a runner was about three years, not that anyone was keeping official statistics. Only one fourth represented early retirement. The other three-quarters were accounted for by incarceration, crippling injury or death. The drone meant she had to get off the roofs, which was a shame, since all her favorite routes were roof routes. Not even the adrenaline from the spike could stem the pain in her chest, though. She couldn't concentrate properly. It took her five minutes to locate another hatch, this one metal and hidden among a bunch of non-functional solar panels.

Thankfully, the lock was on the outside, or she'd be well and truly fucked. She lowered herself down, and then she collapsed onto the floor. The pain was bad. She would have to make a detour. Down four flights of stairs, out on a balcony, climb over onto the balcony of the building leaning into this one, slash out the glass of the locked door, open the lock from the outside, into a dark apartment, out into another hallway, down more stairs, and then a side corridor. She knocked on a nondescript door.

“Kto tam?”

“Open the fucken door and see for yourself.”

“You, I know voice.” An elderly Russian opened the door. Inside was a clandestine lab, with shelves full of chemicals and beakers. “What you want today, 47-1?” Nobody who was anybody in Neon City went by given names. They were all IDs. She went by many, like begonya pizda, a name often shouted at her by dissatisfied employers. Runner cunt. But her chosen ID was taken from a tale from feudal Japan. A young daimyo attacks a powerful official of the shogunate who has provoked him. He is immediately sentenced to commit seppuku, leaving all his samurai rōnin, masterless. Forty-seven of them concoct an elaborate plan to avenge their master.

They pretend to become drunks or simple carpenters, secretly plotting to kill the official once his guard is down. One of them even marries the daughter of the architect of his fortress to learn the layout. Finally, they carry out their attack. Once the deed is done, the head cut off, they send one of the forty-seven off to their home domain to report that the revenge has been carried out, while the remaining forty-six turn themselves in to the shogun and are eventually sentenced to seppuku. The messenger is pardoned and lives to old age. A premodern runner. She certainly had no intention of ever getting caught, bushido or bullshido.

“I need a painkiller.” 47-1 hated the dulling effects the painkillers on the mind, especially on a task that demanded her full attention, but the pain was more of a distraction than even a strong painkiller.

“This one new,” said the chemist, and showed her a capsule with an off-white powder in it.

“Is it safe?”

“Animal test good,” he said, pulling a curtain away to reveal a back room with a row of steel cages filled with malnourished rats.

“I'll take it.”

“70 K, dva.”

“I only need one.”

“Then 55.”

“I'll take two.” She authorized the purchase via her phone. There were no rubles, dollars, or yen in the heart of Neon City. The only valid currency was K, a crypto-currency only available through the local peer-to-peer network, and impossible for the government to trace. There were various legends about why it came to be called simply K: the inventor had a predilection for ketamine; it was short for Кэш, a transliteration of cash, or for Krypto; it was simply a randomly selected letter available on qwerty keyboards.

Either way, she was buying expensive goods, and it had cost her 70 K; she was getting 700 for the run, which implied it was a dangerous one, but that was as much as she needed for the very special present, which could not be purchased anywhere else or in any other currency. She popped one of the painkillers. BV 59%. She had no time to pee, yet her cold panties were still clinging to her as an embarrassing reminder that she really should. Her usually fluid movement, through hallways, in and out of windows, through hidden alleys, up and down ladders was weakened significantly by the pain in her chest and the feeling of a filling bladder. Her steps, usually lithe, stung in her whole body.

The painkiller kicked in quickly. 47-1 felt the pain in her chest dissipate, and her bladder too seemed more distant; in place of the pain was a warm blanketing feeling spreading from her chest to her head and the tips of her toes. She had to stop for a moment and take in the feeling. It was supremely pleasurable. Of course. No painkiller manufactured in Neon City was intended to kill pain; they were destined for pharmaceutical opium dens, designed with only one goal in mind: euphoria. She smiled, and felt a little silly. She knew her senses were dulled, and she'd have to rely more heavily on her kit than she liked, but she couldn't help but smile, so cuddly was the blanket the capsule had laid over her nerves. BV 63%. HR down to a comfortable 66 BPM. Yellow warning light: respiration rate down 23%.

She followed her route across small pools of floaty neon in the streets, no snow despite the cold, up and down apartment buildings where each apartment might be a shop, a lab, a server center, or a private jail. BV 67%. At last, she was at her destination. Underneath the chemical blanket there was a current of discomfort: not only did her ribs still dully send distress signals ignored by her brain, she really needed to pee, and the combination made it hard to walk straight. She pushed a button beside the metal door. After a moment, a man in a welding mask opened. She stepped into a room filled with engineers at work.

The walls were lined with working benches were men were busy soldering electronics under microscopes, and there was an odd smell in the air like a blend of something burnt and something sickly sweet, whatever it was, blended with the sweat of many workers huddled together in a small room. 47-1 walked through the room, through a small curtain, and finally met the recipient. A man with a bandana on his head, a scarf up to his nose, and a newer model of the glasses she was wearing as part of her kit. She could faintly trace a young face beneath the mask using the enhanced IR vision of her glasses. This one spoke perfect English with an indistingishably neutral accent.

“You got the package?”

She opened her satchel and handed him the dirty towel containing the precious cargo. He seemed to recoil as he received it, although she couldn't tell if it was because of the dirty towel or the fact that such precious electronics had been so improperly packaged for a run. She cursed herself, and most of all that rookie, suka blyat, who didn't have the sense to package his wares properly. There might have been time to arrange some proper protection for the cargo, if she'd thought of it. But she'd been too focused on the run, and on the ultimate goal: the Christmas present for her daughter. Her daughter in the dark. A rookie mistake. She could have fallen on her back and crushed it all, and then she'd be in a debt paid in death.

“You're late,” said the masked man.

“Within mission parameters,” she said. Heads-up display in her glasses: T-6:03 min. Six minutes until there'd have been a bounty on her head.

“Just barely,” said the man drily, as he examined the cargo for damage. BV 71%. He nodded to someone standing behind her, a tall man with a militia-style baton in his hand, she noted through her rear-view camera. A message popped up: her balance, which was scraping bottom after her purchase of the painkillers, had gone up 675 K. She didn't fret about the sum, but simply turned around and gave a killer look to the guard blocking her path. He moved aside, even if he couldn't see her glare through the glasses. Maybe he felt bad for her; she'd risked her life and, although the couldn't know it, broken her ribs and leaked pee into her panties to bring some electronics to her employer, only to be cut off with less than she'd been promised for the crime of not sufficiently exceeding the performance she was contracted to meet. And perhaps for that imbecilic electronics dealer not packaging his wares properly. He'd be dead within six months if he kept that shit up.

Soon she was out on the street. BV 74%. Walking was now very hard. Running into the militia and injuring herself had cut off a good half-hour on her schedule. Her real mission was to buy the present with the means earned from the run. It was a rare and sought-after item, of the kind that rarely turned up. Her contract on buying it expired in less than forty-five minutes, which meant there was probably someone already there waiting to purchase it if she didn't turn up in thirty-five.

Such was the nature of contracts made between lowly runners and merchants. But still worried about her encounter with the militia and their drones, she couldn't travel the fastest route between here and there. Nor could she make her second-favorite run injured on account of the acrobatics required. So she had to make some sensible compromise between the three limiting factors: time, safety, and technical difficulty. The first step was to get off the streets immediately. In her attire, she was sure to arouse suspicion even if she had done nothing wrong, which she had. 47-1 walked in the nearest door, up more stairs, and never looked back. BV 77%. The pain was powering through the painkiller, so she reluctantly swallowed the second capsule.

That was a mistake. The dose-response curve on this substance was raw. She was almost immediately clouded, her body dissociated from her mind. The pain in her chest was still there, it just didn't feel painful anymore. She had to sit down on a step just to ride out the intense rush. Red warning light: respiration rate down 55%. Dangerously close to an overdose. She was queasy, blissfully happy, and she could see nothing at all except for a blooming red pattern in the middle of her vision. No one should feel this happy. She could no longer even feel her bladder, its urgency only indicated by the rising BV she could no longer see. It took her a minute to realize the redness was blood leaking from the cut on her forehand, sliding down into her eyes.

She briefly removed her glasses and attempted to wipe it away with the back of her hand. Her kit included no first aid supplies: they would only weigh her down, and if she ever got the occasion to use them, she was soon to be dead or jailed either way, and neither option was acceptable to her. If I'm gone, there's no one to take care of my baby. Her daughter would be left to fend for herself even earlier than she herself had been, and she'd been forced to grow up too early as it was. BV 80%. 47-1 got up and the pain in her bladder returned with a vengeance. It wasn't painful, really, on account on the drugs, but it was supremely uncomfortable nonetheless. She had to stop and bend her legs, doing a ridiculous little dance. If anyone saw her, her reputation would be dead. No one would trust someone with the control and delivery of expensive cargo if you couldn't even trust her with control over her own bladder.

She'd lost more time. There was absolutely no time even to squat right there in the hallway, if she were to reach her destination and make the purchase, or all would be for nought. She quickly used her kit to find the absolute fastest route between here and there, security and acrobatics be damned. No, not that one. She was too sedated and desperate for a piss to make even the first jump. Eventually, she found one she could actually accomplish in her current state and maybe, just maybe, make it in time. Not, unfortunately, for a well-deserved bathroom break, but at least for her scheduled illegal transaction. Quickly, she navigated the hallways and back alleys, although she had to forgo any route that required climbing or jumping.

Two minutes from her destination, she ducked into the shadows of an overhang and held herself between her legs. BV 85%. This was ridiculous. She couldn't walk on, but she had no time not to. She might actually piss herself and her reputation away right there in the merchant's office. No. She reminded herself that her body could mislead her: she had to trust the biometrics, which told her she still had fifteen percent left in the tank. Nevermind that the BV value was the least reliable of the biometrics, and she had made it a rule, at least a strong heuristic, never to trust her augmentation over her natural instincts. Her kevlar corset bit into her bladder. Stiffly, 47-1 walked on. At least she had the K.

Eventually, she arrived in yet another hallway, this one lit by a series of naked, colored bulbs: red, yellow, blue. At the end of it was another elevator door, and this one actually contained an elevator. It was the only way in and out of the merchant's (unless you were an adept facade climber, which she was when at 100% health). This way he could lock in unruly customers. The elevator interior was old, even if the electronics controlling its operation were not. She could see herself in the mirror.

She was standing with her boots and leather-clad thighs touching, BV 88%, with a red gash across her forehead, her hair tied into a bun on her head—a Slavic custom—green eyes staring intently into themselves and praying to the creators of her biometric sensors that they could more accurately gauge the state of her bladder than she could. Her face was hot and sweaty, and she could visibly see her decreased respiration. She would have to buy another spike on the way out of the City, in the streets where street vendors dared to walk unarmored, just to counter a potential overdose. Finally, she heard a ding! behind her and turned to face the merchant. Just as she'd expected, there was already another potential customer there talking to the merch.

“Privet, rōninya,” said the merchant, a man whose dominating physical characteristic was his fatness, from the cheeks through the neck to the belly. “Take you time, da?”

“I have the K,” she said, steeling herself.

“Khorosh,” said the merchant. “I was about to sell it to gentleman here.” He indicated the tall man he'd been talking to. 47-1 walked the few steps up to his desk carefully. As she reached the counter, her bladder convulsed, and she had to steady herself on the counter. This proved to be the perfect position, leaning forwards almost as if offering herself to a non-existent gentleman behind her, for her to leak fresh, warm piss into her drying panties. She had to clench with every muscle—a hard feat given her dissociation between mind and body—not to let the leak become a stream.

“You okay?” asked the merchant.

“No. I have a broken ribcage,” she spat out.

“I see. You show me K, da?”

She straightened herself up with some difficulty. BV 92%. She authorized him to see her electronic wallet, which contained 700-odd K. He nodded in satisfaction and bowed under the counter, unlocked a safe, and presented her with a box-shaped cloth. She quickly examined the item. Her HUD identified it as real, no fake, and that's what her intuition told her as well. She quickly re-wrapped the item, authorized the transaction, and waited impatiently for the merchant to verify the transfer of funds. When he nodded, she put the package in her satchel and walked out without saying another word. The tall man frowned at her as she passed by.

“Do svidaniya!” The merchant yelled after her as she got into the elevator. Finally alone, she twisted her legs together and squeezed at her crotch. BV 93%. Seven percent left until immediate voiding, right? Her bladder convulsed and a little trickle escaped into her panties, as if to discourage any false hope. Her panties were now thoroughly warm and wet. The elevator moved in slow motion. Everything was already moving in slow motion due to the painkiller, so this 4x time dilation was unbearable. She got out of the elevator and started down the multicolored hallway. Halfway to the door, she had to stop and hold herself again. BV 95%. She might actually piss herself, right here. The last time 47-1 had an accident, she was pregnant and called something much more domestic. With difficulty, she made it out of the hallway and into the street. BV 96%.

She made it down to the shadow she'd hidden in and grabbed herself before making the purchase, but she had to lean on the corrugated gate and slowly slid down, hands between her legs, into a half-squat. She desperately needed to pee. She also needed to get to her hidden cache, stashed away in preparation for the run, where she'd left a cheap, furry coat to put on over her kit to attempt to slip into anonymity. But above all she desperately, despairingly needed to pee, blyat, and that was when she felt her control slip. Her panties got wetter and the leak could not be contained. She was wetting herself, straight through her panties, running along the inside of her leather pants, along her thighs in two streams, one for each boot. BV 85%. She tried to maintain control, and stopped for a second, only to be wracked by another spasm.

It felt extremely odd to be this away from your body and at the same have your mind so powerfully drawn to its physicality. There was no anti-accident drug on the market. She felt the floodgates open again, pee pooling in her crotch, curiously tingling her pussy, before cascading to the ground. 47-1 slid down into a full squat, closed her eyes, not wanting to see her defeat enumerated by a decreasing BV value before her eyes, and peed.

In this position, the pain broke through the painkiller, and yet the relief seemed to give the euphoria a second wind, and for a moment, she was out of reality, in a void of no body, just pure bliss, and then she was pulled back by the pain in her chest. She was still peeing as she opened her eyes. BV 47%. The combination of the humiliating position she found herself and the pain, which was throbbing in discord with the throbbing of her bladder, made tears spring in her eyes. 47-1 couldn't remember the last time she cried. There was no place for crying in her world.

Finally, she collapsed onto her ass and just watched the pee flow out into the sizable puddle she was already sitting in, inching closer to the neon street, out of the shade and into shameful public display. All drugged, she could more easily detach herself from the situation. Here, oddly, was a grown woman, an attractive woman of thirty years, just sitting apparently happy in her own expanding puddle of urine. So weird. Must be very embarrassing for that woman. Especially since she made her living in a cruel criminal underworld that jumped on any sign of weakness like lions on a wounded gazelle.

She really ought to be crying, being in her situation, thought 47-1, as the woman behind the ID reached a BV below 10% and the stream grew thinner and became a series of short bursts. She rose to a sharp pain, dripping clear urine. The pain was all that kept her aware enough that she had possibly overdosed on a dangerous novel painkiller, and she had to get to her secret cache, go incognito, and buy a spiked drink to keep from just not breathing anymore. And she had a daughter at home in the dark, best case, a fact she had suppressed in favor of full attention on her mission.

Her dark pants would cover up most of her accident, and she needed to keep to the shade anyway to avoid militia. 47-1 removed her glasses, and saw that it was a lot darker out in the streets, despite the occasional neon sign in lieu of proper streetlights, than her technologically augmented vision had led her to believe. She could no longer look behind her without turning her head or monitor her vitals except by feel, but she really needed not to attract attention. She wanted to get off the streets, but was afraid her accident would show in a well-lit hallway, and if she could live down the immediate shame, her reputation might not.

In Neon City, one's livelihood and often one's life itself lived purely on a hard rep of absolute professionalism. Having a pee accident like a little girl was the absolute opposite of professionalism. She had promised herself this was just one last run, to get a Christmas present for her daughter, one that would do herself some considerable good as well, so they could have one real Christmas together as mother and daughter. But she had no other job prospects, and no resumé to show for her entire working career that wouldn't see her swiftly swooshed away by militia or government spooks. She knew this was not her last run.

She found her cache and put on the oversize, second-hand coat over her kit. On her way out of Neon City, she passed the glitched cinemagraph screen with the maid revealing her wet panties again, and it occurred to her that it might be pee, not something else. Finally, 47-1 found a kvas vendor and bought another spiked ice tea, which she quickly downed and found her senses returning, her mind returning from the skies to inhabit her body again, her breath getting steadier. Then she put on her fake piercings and attached a chain to her wet pants, making her look more like a grown woman who never outgrew her punk phase than a professional contraband runner. The militia didn't care nearly as much about punks as they did about Neon City.

Punks rarely did anything more than minor mischief: tagging their names with spray cans and smoking marijuana, not making bombs or hacking government computers, shooting down drones, dealing in large quantities of illicit drugs and arms, conducting counter-intelligence, and sowing seditious seeds in the minds of the populace. Through various byways, she made her way to the other side of the Great Elevator, a project no one in the city believed would ever be finished anymore, to her own quarters. She caught a few curious eyes glancing at her wet ass, but they were unimportant. She was too broken down physically to expend energy on feeling humiliated, and these people could not relay their gossip to the people who might employ her anyway. And she was genuinely excited to present the present to her daughter.

She knocked three times quickly and then waited and knocked two times more, their own little code, which her daughter insisted was paranoid but had taken to observing herself. “It's open!” She almost cried at the voice of her daughter. They were both going to be okay, after all. She stepped in and found, as expected, a dark apartment, lit only by a couple of candles flickering in the draft, only heated by a small gas heater she could only afford to keep on every other day. A perfect disguise for her accident. She found her daughter, all of fourteen years, fidgeting on the coach. “I really gotta pee, can I go?” Her daughter asked.

“I asked you to stay in the apartment and you took it literally?” The bathroom was in the hall, right outside their front door.

“It's your fault for making me so paranoid with all your ranting about the government and militia and all that. I was afraid, and afraid for you too. I'm not dumb, you know. I haven't figured out quite what it is you do, but I know it's dangerous.” That's my daughter.

“Run along,” she said. “I have a present for you, I just have to wrap it up and... change into something more comfortable.”

“A present!” Her daughter's eyes lit up. “I thought...”

“It was supposed to be a surprise. Now run along before you pee on the couch.” It felt odd to say those words while standing in pissy pants.

“Mom! I'm not a little kid,” said her daughter, hands tightly folded in her lap, before she leapt up and ran into the hall.

47-1, or just the woman in the wet, skintight pants, walked into their shared bedroom and started peeling off her wet clothes, then removing the biometric sensors, and stowing her kit away in a deep drawer with a hidden bottom. She cleaned herself with a towel, put on clean panties—a feeling out of this world, to remove those cold, clammy wet ones and get into some comfortably dry ones—and some sweatpants. She then cleaned up the gash on her forehead as best she could, disinfected it, and put a band-aid on it. Finally, she unwrapped the present from the cloth and wrapped it in some proper Christmas paper she'd hidden away.

“Phew! That was a close one!” Her daughter said as she entered the living room. Does she know? Oh, of course, she's talking about going to the bathroom.

“Would you have peed on the couch if I'd come home fifteen minutes later?”

“Mom! I know it might be hard for you to accept,” she said. She could be so insufferably precocious sometimes. My girl, she thought fondly. Not unlike herself at that age. “But I'm not the little thing in diapers that you have to take care of and watch over every second of the day anymore. I'm almost an adult. Of course not. Adults don't do that.”

The woman in the dry sweatpants, the mother, 47-1, the rōninya, tvoya begunya, smiled and handed her daughter the present, taking a seat beside her on the couch. She quickly unwrapped a small, black cube. “Oh my god!” Her daughter said. “What is it?”

“Touch it.”

She put a finger on one of the black surfaces. Nothing happened. “A little harder, sweetie.” She pushed. Immediately, the lights in the apartment flickered on. On the wall in front of them, a large, paper-thin login screen for an online game server turned up. A holographic Christmas tree turned up in the kitchenette corner with the dirty dishes. This little device could power her entire apartment, including her own computer, her daughter's games, all the lights and heating and everything else, for a year without recharging. Completely off the grid. It could also do a good number other things, less legal things. “My god!” Her daughter exclaimed and hugged her tightly. Too tightly.

“Ow! I'm sorry, I slipped and fell and I think I hurt my ribs.”

“Right. You, of all people, just slipped and fell when it's not even slippery outside. Forget it. This is the best present ever!” To be fair, there hadn't been many presents. Most of the proceeds from her runs went into maintaining her kit to current standards, a necessity if she wanted to return alive and free from each run.

“Good. Don't tell any of your friends we have power. If you want to have someone over, you need to tell me so we can turn the power off.”

“Whatever. Can I at least play some games online?”

“Sure you can, baby.”

“Mom! I'm not your baby anymore, remember?”

“Are you hungry?”

“I ate leftovers,” her daughter answered, already absorbed in some game. It seemed to involve activities suspiciously like running contraband in Neon City. The holographic effects were impressively realistic.

The mother in dry pants walked into the bedroom, exhausted, and slipped under the covers. She closed her eyes, fell asleep, and peed a little full moon onto the sheets. An hour later, her daughter climbed in and snuggled up beside her mother, oblivious. To everything.

Background: I wanted to write something cyberpunk, neo-noirish. Also, the girls and women in my stories tend to be meek and submissive, and I wanted to write a real badass. The first sentence is directly adapted from the first sentence of the genre-defining novel Neuromancer: "The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel."

One of the iconic opening sentences in literature. The setting I had in my head for a while, not intended for omorashi, just waiting for a storyline. I had this vision of a great metropolis sprawling beneath a Space Elevator (a possibly unrealistic, but real proposal to replace space shuttles. Really. A real space elevator would be tethered to the equator, not in the Arctic, but fuck it, magic future technology + Russian dystopia. Perhaps it's all just a propaganda stunt.) Set somewhere on the Kola Peninsula, in the next fifty years or so, so I could make some use of my (aborted) Russian education.

For visual references, look at Greg Girard's pictures of Kowloon Walled City, the world's most densely populated, anarchic little enclave before it was torn down in the early 1990's, or of course think Blade Runner, or this recent photobook by Mayumi Hosokura (warning: nudity). The choice not to give any of the characters proper names is deliberate: it just felt right. They're all anonymous individuals in an oppressive society where anonymity is your only true freedom. The story of the 47 ronin is a real historical event, although the details are disputed.

*003*2014-12-26 04:20

I could have used a lot more Russian, but wanted to leave most of it understandable from context. Swearing is one of the easiest ways to do that; another approach I also used was to have someone ask a question and then have the answer as context. I'm sure you know more about Russian compound nouns than me, and maybe it's more natural for Russians to rewrite what in English would be a pair of nouns into adj + noun, I don't know, although I used the word pizda and not blyat (which can be placed anywhere, basically, as it also functions as an interjection, like fuck). Also I imagine a city of immigrants might not always be quite up on their grammar, just like me.

But I'm glad you liked it! I guess the desperation elements take a while to build up and in the meantime I'm hammering away with the sci-fi, which might not be to everyone's taste.

*007*2015-01-02 20:20

{{: 

This is certainly a great one, I loved every bit of it...

Before reading the background story at the end, somehow I imagined this story in the visual style of the Sin City movies; the atmosphere of the city is quite dark "Sin City's where you go in with your eyes open, or you don't come out at all." - quote from the movie, sic. - but the lead character is a strong personality, determined to go till the end. 47-1 is a perfect fit. I've never seen "Blade Runner" or the posted pictures, but that's the beauty of written stories - every story is different in a different person's head. While my perspective of a digitalized, modern Sin City is probably not the intended one, I absolutely loved this story. A masterpiece.

}}

Thank you. You are, of course, entitled to imagine it in any style you like. I just figured I'd give a little background for those who might be unfamiliar with the genre, but the story should stand on its own. That's the beauty of it.

I think very visually, usually, although at the same time when I read a book i often forget the physical details of the characters, they're sort of these blobs of pure personality acting unless there is a specific focus on their body. Which of course there tends to be in omorashi stories, while many, shall we say, mainstream stories have a stronger focus on interpersonal relations.

I guess by relating visual material I'm kind of restricting your imagination, but only if you let it; you can choose to ignore it. The important part was getting the mood right, which I think I did.

I guess I got a little defensive and felt a need to explain myself when I dumped a big story (I know I tend to write some of the longest stories here, which may be a positive for some and undoubtedly is a negative for others) set in a made-up science fiction world.

