Star Trek Voyager - "Distortions"

Author: mousex

*001*2012-02-24 22:49

THREE DAYS AFTER SUBSPACE EVENT

Gentle chimes filled the air in the Captain's quarters, and the computer spoke;

"The time is 08:40. Second Watch begins in twenty minutes"

Kathryn Janeway reluctantly opened her eyes, and called for the light. She had been working down in Engineering until 01:40 last night, and it seemed as if no time at all had passed. For a few moments, the Captain considered cancelling the alarm and assigning another shift to Ensign Kim - he certainly wouldn't mind, and no-one would begrudge the Captain another few hours of precious sleep - but she decided against it. She had to set an example to her crew, or the many sacrifices that they had made would seem worthless.

As she moved to get up, Kathryn realised that she was holding both hands between her legs. As she pulled them away, she realised that she badly needed to pee. At the same time, she noticed that she hadn't even changed into her nightwear. She still had her uniform top on, which was a few sizes too large for her and reached down to her bare upper thigh. Squirming slightly as she waited for the urge to abate, Janeway considered the past week.

She had been giving her bladder time to relax after her little experiment three days ago. It had been exciting, but not practical given how busy they all were. The Captain needed to be at her best, not frantic with concealed need.

With her mind firmly set on the day ahead of her, Captain Janeway jumped out of bed and scampered across the room to her en suite. She pressed the button to activate the sonic shower and began to wriggle out of her panties which, as she was ashamed to notice, were slightly damp. As she stood up again, Kathryn realized that the shower had not started. She pressed the button again. Nothing.

There could be any number of reasons that the shower hadn't started, and Janeway didn't like any of them. She stepped out of her underwear and placed one hand against her crotch again. If the shower was malfunctioning, the lavatory would probably not work either. Her need becoming urgent again, she started pacing on the spot as she considered her options. She didn't even remember when she last used the restroom.

Kathryn turned around, her earlier mischievous mood returning as she glanced at the large potted plant behind her recliner.

Walking slowly, she returned to the small bedroom and approached the plant. It was more like a small tree now, as she had been caring for it for several years. Her legs pressed together as she resolved to take special care of her favourite plant today.

Awkwardly, she straddled the pot. For a second, the Captain lost her balance and fell forwards. She shrieked as she felt the rough texture of the stem against her exposed flesh. Painful though it was, a part of her relished the feeling, and she was reminded that it had been a long time since she had spent much time with a man. Her brief relationship with Inspector Kashyk had been complicated, and they never had much time alone together - even less, the opportunity to share a bed.

Carefully squatting over the dry soil, Kathryn let go, and sighed as the pressure flowed out of her in a steady stream. A tinkling hiss filled the room and the Captain savoured the private moments.

After she had finished, the Captain wondered where she should go from here. With slight distaste, she stepped back into the bathroom and picked up her discarded panties, dabbing them against her moist lap in an attempt to dry herself. This done, Captain Janeway strode toward her wardrobe and changed into a fresh uniform before heading to the Bridge.

LATER

“Captain's log, supplemental. We've been 'spinning our wheels' for three days now, and still no progress of breaking free of the subspace layer”

At the end of an uneventful Bridge shift, Janeway walked purposefully toward the messhall. Some of Voyager's minor systems were beginning to fail entirely, but someone would certainly have let her know if messhall replicators were down. She had been sipping recycled water for the past few hours, and it had been filling her bladder – but not fulfulling her craving for caffeine.

“Coffee, black” Kathryn intoned seriously as she swept toward Neelix.

“Uh, sorry Captain, we lost two more replicators this mor-”

“Listen to me very carefully, because I'm only going to say this once” whispered the Captain intensely, pushing her hands against his chest to communicate how serious she was being.“Coffee. Black.”

“Yes ma'am” answered the luckless Talaxian before shuffling in the direction of the replicator. “Coffee, Black”. The machine worked its wonders, and Neelix thought to capitalize on the Captain's presence.

“While I've got your attention, there are-”

“Coffee first” demanded the Captain, holding her hand up to forestall any argument. She took a deep swig from the large mug, and felt her soul bathe in the enriching presence of her favored drink. She even felt her eyes roll, and couldn't stop herself from licking her lips to savour every taste.

“Now, what's the problem?”

“It's a delicate matter...” mumbled Neelix

“I don't have time to play twenty questions, Neelix” replied the captain as she sat down gingerly. Kathryn grimaced as she sat, beginning to feel a need for a bathroom once again.

“Replicators aren't the only systems of convenience offline... we've only got four functioning lavatories... on a ship of 150 people“

“I see” answered the captain, discreetly squeezing her thighs together at this unwelcome news.

“Needless to say lines are beginning to form, if we don't get unstuck soon we may have a serious problem on our hands, uh... especially with the Bolians...”

Neelix continued to prattle on about the disabled systems, but the Janeway's attention was elsewhere. “I get the idea” she interrupted, holding up her hand again. She 'delegated' the problem to Neelix before responding to a hail from her first officer. It probably wouldn't help the situation, but it would hopefully stop him from unwittingly taunting her with stories of unavailable lavatories.

She was so distracted, she didn't even notice the half-cup of coffee left on the table.

EVEN LATER

As Janeway waited for the turbolift to bring her to the bridge, she considered the problem. Hopefully the sonic plumbing could be isolated from the main systems, and she made a mental note to suggest isolinear chip replacement to B'Elanna. These gelpacks were becoming more of a liability with every passing year.

"Status" called the captain as she walked toward the starboard engineering console on the bridge. B'Elanna promptly reported readiness, and Janeway took her seat as she watched her precious ship struggle to make and progress against the encumbering force. Crossing her legs tightly, she leaned over to the console to try to determine why the vessel was shuddering this time.

Before she could analyze the readings, B'Elanna claimed that weapon signatures had been detected - and Tuvok was able to determine that it was coming from inside the ship. Holodeck 2, to be precise.

By this time, Janeway had casually arisen from her command chair and was now approaching Tom's console. She remembered her hunch from earlier about the holodeck - and if anyone here was responsible for a holodeck malfunction or the solution thereof, it would be Tom Paris.

Sure enough, Kim confirmed that the Captaim Proton holodeck program was running. Janeway gave Tom a thoroughly irritated glance. She had not relieved herself since her frantic alarm almost 6 hours ago, and needed someone to blame.

Quite apart from needing to provide for her crew, it would do her authority no good at all if the crew were to see her queuing outside one of the few remaining restrooms and fidgeting like a schoolgirl - and she was beginning to feel the effects of her half-cup of coffee.

Janeway sent Tuvok and Paris down to investigate, as she took her chair once more. She shifted slightly as the synthetic leather chilled her - it seemed that even her chair heater had become a victim of the malfunctions. This was not helped by the fact that the laundry systems were also disabled, and she had been forced to avoid underwear this morning. A chill on her nether regions would do no good at all.

She quickly glanced across at Chakotay - had he noticed her behavior? His face was impossible to read, as ever, but she often wondered how much he really noticed. His file identified him as a headstrong and passionate man, yet her first officer today was as tame and reliable as any Starfleet number one.

Needing something useful to do while Tom played his little ray-gun games, Janeway returned to the engineering console. Deciding not to bother B'Elanna with a full system redesign right now, she decided to offer a question that she hoped would be of immense benefit to the crew.

"B'Elanna, how are the waste management system repairs going?"

B'Elanna looked across from her console, and Janeway felt a little concerned by her expression. She looked - embarassed?

After a moment, she answered.

"Nothing so far captain - the blowout in the Jeffries tube two days ago damaged the main unit, and backup systems were only designed to operate for thirty hours. Normally we could extend that by diverting cargo bay power"

"Can't you do that now?" asked the captain, a little more frantically than she had intended.

Torres paused; "The Doctor says that Seven needs extra regeneration time... something about her being a "late bloomer" if you can believe that." she snorted, and Janeway looked closer to see the hints of perspiration on her temples. The hunched way her gifted engineer was seated told Janeway the rest, and she sympathetically left B'Elanna to get on with her other, less taunting workload.

AFTER SOME WAITING...

Several hours later, the command crew were gathered in the meeting room. Janeway was not amused.

"Let me get this straight... trans-dimensional aliens have mistaken your "Captain Proton" simulation for reality".

"Yes Ma'am" replied Paris.

"And now an armed conflict has broken out between these aliens... and "Chaotica's" holographic army."

"Yes Ma'am. His Army of Evil" deadpanned the pilot.

Janeway looked around at her staff.

"And will someone please explain why we haven't simply shut down the holodeck?"

Seven made some excuse or other, but the Captain was not interested. The conversation went on, becoming more absurd by the minute. Seven favored involving the holographic Doctor in their solution, while Tom wanted to engage the holo-combatants on their own terms like the overgrown child that he was.

Janeway was bent slighly over the conference table by this point, with a slightly maniac tone to her voice.

"And you think that "Proton"... namely you, of course... could still do that?"

Paris babbled on about fictional weapons and imaginary shields, and Janeway turned around resting on the table - briefly rubbing her back, where her kidney was feeling particularly sore. She grimaced as Tom explained about the need for "Arachnia, Queen of the Spider People", biting her lip slightly as a new wave of fullness hit the nerves around her abdomen.

Thinking that she knew where this was headed, Janeway innocently asked "who d'ya have in mind?" adding a touch more Indiana to her Starfleet-honed accent.

The senior staff just stared at her, and her wide grin faded instantly.

"It's the role of a lifetime!" claimed Paris, as she paced the room trying somehow to get away. Tuvok seemed to agree, and went so far as to claim that this was their only chance to escape the subspace layer. She was expecting Chakotay's good-natured comment, but even Seven offered a reason why she should participate in this ridiculous game. Already knowing she was beaten, Janeway offered one last comment to Paris:

"I'm a size four".

This was not strictly true - a naturally light build and infrequent meals aboard had left Janeway with a body that was in fact size three - but she was beginning to feel that her bulging bladder would more than make up the difference.

CAN'T WAIT MUCH MORE

Janeway had been briefed by Paris on the rules of the scenario, although she had spent the latter part of that briefing staring in disbelief at her "costume". It was not quite as revealing as she had feared, but was certainly not to her taste. At least the tight skirt would give her an excuse for keeping her legs pressed together.

She was at this moment standing in her quarters, staring at this costume on a PADD - headdress, wings and all - and tried to imagine what Cadet Janeway would have thought of this first command. She probably wouldn't think much about it at all, Janeway realized. She would have been far too busy planning her next holding game. As she stood, Captain Janeway was naked; one hand down at her side and the other held over her opposite thigh - her legs slightly crooked as she shifted in the chilled room. She had stripped out of her uniform immediately upon enetring the room, intending to relieve herself before she remembered. She had stayed naked to keep her resolve, to force herself to put on this... dress-thing.

She approached the replicator and transferred the specifications from the PADD. The replicator gave its usual error about low energy stockpile, and Janeway authorised it to reclaim the next queued recyclable object without thinking. She cursed at this a moment later, as her faithful tree and part-time latrine swirled into non-existence, its matter re-used to make the strange gown. Janeway doubled over in exaggerated reaction, deprived again of the chance to relieve herself. Summoning her will, the now prostrate Captain sat down hard on her bare heel, forcing the muscles closed around her urethra. She wiggled as she got up, in pain but momentarily safe. She forced herself into the outfit and shoes, and hobbled out of her room before the replicator energy had stopped spinning.

More waiting, more waiting... She had to wait for the turbolift, then for a security override on the holodeck doors, and then again for the holodeck to load the right section of the story. If Tom had got this command wrong, she would have to spend thirty minutes traversing the yellow-zircon waterfalls that guarded Chaotica's lair - a torture that her overtaxed desire to pee could not possibly withstand. Fortunately for the near-frantic captain, who was at this point pacing on the spot, the holodeck had been repaired just sufficiently to load the correct part of Chaotica's palace.

The Waiting Room.

Janeway sighed, and entered the opulent room - which abruptly turned monochrome as the doors shut behind her. One of Tom's jokes from earlier made more sense now, she hadn't really been paying attention.

Now it was time, and she strode into Chaotica's throne room - overacting on every syllable just as Paris had instructed. She didn't really have the time for paced subtlety, but the Chaotica hologram insisted upon the most labored and pompous speeches Janeway had heard since her last Admiralry Banquet.

She pilfered a bottle of "her" pheremones from a display stand, and inquired in the native grandiose manner if she might be allowed to take the throne. Wishing fervently that it was a rather cruder meaning of the word "throne", Janeway settled into the giant chair in her accustomed way. The thin fabric of her dress brushed against the holographic material of the chair as she hurriedly crossed her stockinged legs, and she realised that her skirt was far less modest when she sat like this. She was beyond such modesty now, however - it may even speed up her plan.

She was ahead of herself, however. Even Chaotica's rampant ego was not fooled by her hurried overtures, and before long Janeway was bound by holographic confinement rings - dress swirling around her legs as she popped her heel up in response to a redoubled tingling within her crotch. As Chaotica directed the defenses, his minions tied Janeway to a pillar - her chest heaving as she tried to control herself. After a moment, she spotted the henchman glancing at her, and hatched a plan. After a quick use of pheremones, the tables were turned - she easily disabled the guards and had Chaotica at the point of a stolen ray-gun. He tried in his blustering fashion to talk himself out of the situation, but Janeway wasn't in the mood for any more delays and insisted that he disable the shield. She then shot him. Twice.

Captain Janeway glanced over at Chaotica's monitors. It would take Tom another few minutes to bypass the traps that led to the throne room, so she had time for something a little special.

She stalked over to Chaotica's prone corpse, foot carefully in front of foot as she used the last of her strength to hold in the desperate tide. She stood astride him and studied his face, eyes still open in mortal shock. Without ceremony, Kathryn squatted down as far as she was able and started to hike up the hobbling skirt. Wriggling as it passed over her rear, she bunched up the skirt at the side as she took aim. She was still bare underneath the dress, and the suspenders she had been slinking around in would be no obstacle at all. After one last squeeze with her other hand, she let go with a passionate moan.

A powerful gushing stream if glittering urine jumped out of her and started to splatter all over the face of her insane holo-nemesis. Still moaning, she spread her lips wide open and looked up, her eyes narrowed in rapturous relief. After a few more blissful seconds, she looked down at the stream that showed no sign of abating. After a hectic few days on the USS Voyager, they were finally free.

As the stream lessened and turned to drips before halting completely, Janeway sat down hard on the welcoming floor and cradled her stomach, an expression of glory on her sweating face. As she clumsily made her way to a standing position ready for Tom's arrival, Janeway poured the pheremone bottle over the body before dropping it with a tinkling noise. Now she simply had to think of an appropriate remark - "Rest in pee" was clearly too vulgar, even if no-one would hear her. "I like my weaponry more... ex-stream" was a stretch, as was "I feel... holo". Janeway decided that the moment was perfect even without a one-liner, and simply smiled as Chakotay informed her over the comm that the distortions were fading. There was plenty of work ahead for Janeway and the engineering crews, but right now she could spare a few minutes to go to the messhall and drink a nice, big coffee. After all, she was going to need a new plant... and her plant would certainly need christening....

THE END.

?

*004*2012-02-26 00:20

Thanks for your kind feedback.

Vexer, do you think an Enterprise fic set in the mirror universe would be any good? I've not seen much of Enterprise, but I don't think the main characters are very interesting in their normal scenarios.

*006*2012-03-04 21:13

$iframe src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" frameborder="0" data-embedcontent="" data-embed-src="http://omorashi.org/topic/4875-star-trek-enterprise-ripples-in-the-reflection/?do=embed"

The first section is up.
