Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*000*2021-04-13 03:14

Emmett was miserable. He was knock-out tired, practically asleep on his feet, late to his first class of the day, and he needed a pee. And it was all because the power had gone out at his house in the middle of the night. The outage had only lasted a few minutes, so short he’d slept through it. But, long enough for all the clocks in the house to reset, thus resulting in his alarm not waking him at the proper time.

This left him with no chance to take his morning shower, the thing that got him awake enough each morning to not sleep through his first few classes. More importantly, he’d had to get dressed and out the door so fast that he hadn’t had time for his morning pee, either. He’d been so tired that he didn’t realize he’d missed that very crucial part of his morning routine until partway through the ride to school. He and his twin sister Shelby had missed the bus, of course, so his Dad had ended up needing to take them in. Dad was already annoyed about having to drive them to school, before arriving late to his job and having to explain what all had happened, so Emmett thought it would be unwise to ask Dad to turn back around just so he could use the toilet.

The thing was, Emmett did not like using the toilet at school. The school restrooms were absolutely filthy and filth made him very, very anxious. He was okay going in there to wash his hands, something he needed to do multiple times throughout the day whenever anything happened that triggered his fears of sickness— Those things could range from touching a pencil someone else had been holding, accidentally touching a doorknob with his bare hand rather than the sleeve of his shirt, or feeling any stickiness beneath his hands when he laid them onto a surface. Emmett was very much a germaphobe, his fear of illness presented a constant obstacle in his life that turned it into a never-ending cycle of anxiety and obsessive washing.

So, he was okay with entering the school’s restrooms to scrub his hands a million and ten times each day. He could open the door with his shirt sleeve, flick the sink on and off with his elbow, wash the living daylights out of his hands, then nudge the door back open with his foot to leave. Sometimes, he’d do the whole thing while holding his breath out of fear of breathing something in that could infect him.

But, actually using the restroom was different. He’d have more things to touch. If he used a stall, he’d have to get that door open, pull the lock into place, lift the seat— see whatever horrors were underneath it… It was just too much for him to deal with, his anxiety and panic would get too high, he’d end up scrubbing his hands until they bled and even then he still wouldn’t feel clean enough. If he used a urinal… Well, the guys he went to school with seemed to have awful aim. It was almost like they were trying to miss, or something. The last time he’d been desperate enough to use the urinal at school, his shoes had actually gotten… stuck for a few seconds. It had grossed him out so much he’d wished he could burn them. When he’d gotten home he’d taken a very long shower, not leaving until his skin was rubbed raw and red.

He knew his anxieties were all silly, he knew it very much. But, knowing that they were silly did not magically make them disappear. He still had to live with them, he still had to live with the things they drove him to do. He did not want to try using the restroom at school. Especially not in the morning when the whole day was still ahead of him, he knew he’d need a shower as soon as possible and wouldn’t be able to take one until after school when he went home. He’d have to feel all that awful grime on him all day, his anxiety working into over-drive and convincing him he was contaminated and infected. Sometimes, the fear got so bad he had full-blown panic-attacks. He’d already had a couple of those in class with all the other students watching so far this year, he didn’t want to do something that could trigger another.

So, that left one option. He was going to hold it. He was going to hold it until he got home to his nice, clean restroom. Eight hours of school, about an hour on the bus home. Nine hours, then he could pee. Simple.

He tried not to think about how the last time he’d peed had been just before bed the previous night, almost ten hours ago now. He tried not to think about how that meant he was going to go a minimum of nineteen hours without a pee. That wouldn’t be good to think about. No. He also tried not to think about how his bladder was already sending him quite a few worrying signals, confused as to why he’d already been awake for so long without emptying it. He could hold it. He had to hold it.

Getting through the first class was easy enough. He paid attention to the teacher instead of his bladder and only occasionally felt the need to tap his foot. The next few classes weren’t too bad, either. Maybe he’d needed to ‘casually’ cross his legs under his desk a few times, but it wasn’t a big deal. He could hold it. He had to hold it.

By the time lunch rolled around though, that was when he was really starting to feel it. The denials he kept repeating to himself were no longer working. He had to pee. He preferred to go to the library during lunch, away from other people and things that made him anxious. He decided not to eat anything today. If he did that, he would definitely have to wash his hands first. He’d been trying really hard to avoid doing that, since entering the restroom to clean his hands would mean having to see the urinals and toilets that his nervous brain had forbidden him from using.

Sometimes, Shelby would find him here and join him to give him company. She teased him a lot for being so nervous, but did still love him and didn’t want him to feel lonely too often. Today was one of the days she’d decided to join him. He wasn’t sure whether to be happy about that or not. She could distract him from his building need, sure, but he also didn’t want her to notice that he was starting to get desperate.

And, oh boy, was he ever starting to get desperate. The waistband of his pants was pressing very, very firmly into his bladder and suddenly his clothes were feeling way too tight. He’d been discreetly pressing his thighs against one another for a while now, trying to pin his opening shut and take at least a bit of edge off the pressure. He was annoyed with himself, too. Here he was, in very bad need of a toilet break, during lunch-time when he was free to go anywhere in the school he wanted to. He was allowed to pee, no one was stopping him from going but himself.

But, his anxieties were just too strong. The thought of touching so many gross, grimy things made his brain buzz with nervous tingles. He hadn’t noticed, but he’d begun bouncing his knee as he continued listening to Shelby recount a story to him. He hadn’t been paying attention to anything she’d been saying, he’d been way too focused on the cries for relief his bladder wouldn’t stop making.

Shelby suddenly stopped talking, “Um… Do you have to use the toilet or something?” she asked.

Emmett felt his face turning very pink. “N—No,” he stammered. It was a pathetic denial, and utterly pointless. Shelby could always tell when he was lying.

“Don’t lie to me,” she said. “We’re twins. I can tell when you have to pee. We got toilet-trained together, and I know whenever you have to pee really bad you start doing that thing with your hands.”

“What thing?” Emmett asked. He hadn’t known he did a ‘thing with his hands’ when he needed to pee.

“Your fingers,” She said. “You, like, drum them on your knees.”

“I do?” Emmett asked. He realized then that he was, in fact, tapping his fingers atop his still bouncing knee.

“Yeah, like, every time,” Shelby said. “Like I said, I can tell when you’ve gotta go.”

“I do, kind of,” Emmett admitted. “We had to leave so fast this morning, I didn’t have any time to—“

“Hold up,” she held out a hand. “This morning? It’s been hours since then. Why have you still not peed?”

Emmett was ashamed to give the real reason. It always made him feel like such a coward to admit that he was so scared of a few germs that he was letting that fear control all of his actions. “Um… No one would give me a pass,” he said.

“It’s lunch,” Shelby pointed out. “You don’t need a pass. Go pee. You’re making me feel desperate just looking at you.”

Emmett made no move to stand up.

“What? Do you have to go so bad that you can’t get up?” Shelby asked.

“It’s not— I just— I can’t—“ Emmett stammered.

“Why not?” Shelby asked. “You’re obviously bursting. Why won’t you just—“

“B—Because the restrooms here are too gross,” Emmett said. “I don’t want to touch stu—“

Shelby slumped in her seat and released a groan. She could be sympathetic to her brother’s anxieties sometimes, but other times they just confused her. “Do you honestly think wetting yourself is gonna be less disgusting?”

“I’m not going to wet myself!” Emmett said, sounding absolutely horrified by the idea. “I’ll pee once we get home.”

“You can’t wait that long,” Shelby said. “It’s impossible.”

“I can do it, okay?” Emmett said. “Just, let me handle this. I know my body. Now, can we please talk about something else?”

Shelby sighed. She considered launching into a very, very detailed description of her favorite waterpark ride to rub in how idiotic she thought he was being, but decided against it. If her brother was bound and determined to have an accident, she didn’t want to be the driving force that made it happen. She’d prefer to be far away from him when the inevitable came to pass. Instead, she went back to the story she’d been telling earlier about her latest triumphs in the world of Dungeons and Dragons.

Emmett tried to listen, and was doing a better job now than he had been earlier. He’d managed to cross his legs in such a way that his bladder felt a little less like it was going to explode. But, then Shelby said something that caused him to laugh. When he laughed, his bladder lurched and contracted and the sound of mirth rapidly transformed into a gasp of pain and surprise. His hand dove between his legs, he wasn’t thinking of how she was right there, only of how he had to stop the leak that was right at the edge of his tip from actually bursting through.

Shelby was staring at him. “Um. Yeah. You gonna go take a leak now, orrrr…”

“I can hold it,” Emmett said, unsure if he was really answering her or just reassuring himself. “I can hold it. Just gotta… Gotta get a handle on things for a second.”

The bell rang soon after that and it was time to get back to class. Emmett stood, much too quickly, and found himself suddenly fighting against gravity. All the liquid in his straining bladder suddenly rushed downward and took an even more concentrated effort to hold at bay. He fought not to grab himself again, instead just bobbing up and down and taking short, shallow breaths.

“Emmett, seriously,” Shelby said. “You’re legit hurting yourself. Just go.”

“I can hold it,” Emmett said once more, which was quite a comical statement seeing as he was now in the process of a very obvious pee-dance. He swayed from foot to foot, hands fluttering near his waist as he was clearly dying to hold himself. Once he felt okay enough to walk, he and Shelby headed to class.

Emmett made it through the beginning of class by twisting about in his chair, crossing and uncrossing his legs, and hoping the desk provided enough cover that nobody noticed how tight he was gripping himself. He could not stop staring at the clock, counting down the minutes until he’d be home and could release everything that was inside him. He didn’t think he’d ever been this desperate for a pee in his entire life. He could scarcely breathe. His bladder spasmed angrily every few minutes. He had to pee, he had to pee, he had to pee.

He’d had close calls before, and several desperate situations. During a school play when he was younger, he’d forgotten to pee beforehand and spent the entire performance fantasizing about getting to a toilet, tearing off his costume and unleashing a torrent. He was lucky he’d just been playing a shrub then, nobody was paying enough attention to notice he was squirming about, and there would have been no way he could have remembered any lines when all he could think about was how badly he wanted a toilet.

Then, there had been the road trip he’d taken with his family. The restrooms at school were gross and he couldn’t make himself use them, but they had nothing on gas-station toilets. He’d made himself hold it all the way to their destination which was several hours from where he lived. After the first couple hours, he seriously regretted the soda he’d had to drink, and by the time they were at the hotel he’d felt like he was floating.

But, neither of those occasions could compare to this. His bladder was straining against his flesh, begging to be released. It was no longer a matter of wishing that he didn’t have to hold it until he got home, it was a matter of not thinking he could hold it until he got home.

Then, it happened; A spurt leaked from him. Not much, just a tiny, tiny bit. A few drops at most. But, it terrified him. He was gonna have an accident! Right here in class, in front of everyone! It was gonna be even more embarrassing than the times he’d had anxiety attacks! It was gonna be the worst thing he’d ever experienced! He couldn’t— He couldn’t do it anymore!

His hand shot up. Ordinarily he was too shy to raise his hand in class, but that first spurt had been followed by a slow and steady dribble. It was coming out! He had to get to the restroom, it didn’t matter how disgusting it was. He just needed it! He needed it right now!

His teacher Ms. Baker called on him, and he asked if he could please, please go use the restroom. She frowned, “This is an important class,” she said. “Everything we’re covering today is going to be on the test next week.”

He’d been so out of it and focused on his need that he hadn’t even heard there was a test next week…

He wanted to ask again, to say it was an emergency, but he was too embarrassed to admit to a room full of people that he was so desperate for a urinal that he was about to release his bladder into his pants. He just resigned himself to holding it until the end of class. Then, he could rush off for a much-needed pee.

He began to think, to fantasize even, about how good that was going to feel. He’d walk up to the toilet, unzip and finally, finally be free from the pressure he’d been nursing all day. It would feel gross, his shoes might get slightly stuck in other people’s pee again, but his bladder would be empty and that would be the only thing to really matter. He’d just unzip and go and go and go and…

Stop! He couldn’t think about that! It was making him need to pee worse, which he could hardly believe was even possible. His bladder was pounding, trying to tear its way through his flesh. He wanted to undo the button on his pants, to give it just a tiny bit more room to expand. A hand shot down to do that, as he hoped his desk gave him enough cover to get away with it unnoticed.

The release of the button did help, but only for a split second, then the awful, searing, white-hot agony of pure desperation returned. He looked to the clock. There were thirty minutes left in this class. He could not do thirty minutes. His pee would come out long before then, whether he was at a toilet or not.

Ms. Baker began passing out study guides and telling the class to spend the remainder of the period filling them out. He knew he couldn’t do that. He couldn’t concentrate on anything that was on the paper, nor could he pick up his pencil as both his hands were now pressed tightly between his legs and he was terrified as to what would happen if he moved them even one inch.

The worst part was knowing that, ultimately, this was all his fault. He could have peed before now, he could have peed at lunch just fine. He could have peed between any of his other classes throughout the day. But, oh no, he had to let his silly little cleanliness obsession take command once again. He was so stupid! He must have been insane or something. Normal people didn’t make themselves hold their bladders to the point of agony just because they were too afraid to touch something that was dirty. Normal people peed when they had to as soon as a restroom presented itself.

Now, he was going to pee himself in the middle of class, in front of everyone, getting himself much more filthy in the process than he would have been had he just used the stupid restroom. Shelby was sitting beside him in this class and she turned to face him the second their teacher had said the students were allowed to talk amongst themselves; “I hate to say I told you so, but…” She stopped herself. “Oh, wait. Scratch that. I love it; I told you so.”

Emmett was not in the mood for her teasing. “Shelby, be quiet. You were right. I admit it. I’ll go as soon as this class is over.”

She gave him an incredulous look. “Um… Can you make it until this class is over?”

“I have to,” Emmett said. “She wouldn’t let me leave.”

“So…” Shelby trailed off. “Just leave anyway?”

“I can’t. I’ll get into trouble.”

“The worst they can give you is a detention,” Shelby pointed out. “Isn’t that worth it not to pee your pants?”

“I don’t want a detention,” Emmett said. “I’ve never had one before!”

“I’ve had loads,” Shelby said. “It’s not that bad. You just have to sit there and write lines for an hour. It’s fine.”

“But… I don’t—“

“I’ll go with you,” Shelby said. “Then, we’ll both get in trouble and I’ll be there in detention with you.”

“No,” Emmett said. “Dad will be so angry if we’re both given detentions!”

“Not if we explain that you just had to take a leak really bad,” Shelby shrugged. “He’d probably prefer you get a detention than come home in wet clothes.”

“I can’t,” Emmett repeated.

Shelby sighed. Once more, it was her job to save her brother from himself. She raised her hand. “Ms. Baker. Could Emmett please use the restroom? He really, really has to go.”

Emmett felt his face burning red hot at her words. If admitting to a room full of people he was on the verge of an accident would have been embarrassing, having his sister do it for him was about fifty times worse.

Ms. Baker looked up. She stood from her desk and approached them. She took in Emmett’s posture, his nonstop squirming, his bouncing legs, his clutching hands… She lowered her voice; “Is it an emergency?” she asked softly.

Emmett gave a tiny, humiliated nod.

Ms. Baker continued speaking in a hushed voice. “Well… You have never caused problems in my class before. I’ll let you leave this one time. But, in the future, please try to remember to go at lunch, alright?”

Emmett gave an even smaller, even more humiliated nod before jumping to his feet. He… Should not have done that. Once more, gravity took hold and tried to force the massive tsunami of urine stretching the walls of his bladder to flood downwards. He clutched himself even tighter to keep it from pulsing out. He knew people were staring at his display, but he didn’t care anymore. His classmates seeing him do a pee-dance was certainly better than them seeing him wet himself. He took small, contorted steps to the doorway.

His eyes locked onto the trash can right beside the door and for a second he was seized by the insane, disgusting fantasy of yanking his zip down right there and unleashing his torrent into the bin. He fought to banish that image from his mind as he left the room and hobbled down the hallway. He was immensely grateful this class was so close to a restroom. He knew he wasn’t going to make it very far.

When he got to the restroom, he even turned the knob with his bare hand, he didn’t have the time to grasp his sleeve first. His hand felt dirty and contaminated immediately, but that wasn’t as important as making it the last few steps to the first available urinal and finally, finally just letting everything out.

As soon as he was in the restroom though, he was met with one more obstacle. Devon, the boy who had seemingly dedicated his life to bullying Emmett, was exiting a stall. “Oh, hey,” Devon said. “Gonna wash your hands again?”

“No,” Emmett said quietly and timidly. “I just… I have to—“

Devon seemed to notice where Emmett’s hands actually were, pressed between his clenched together thighs. “Aw,” Devon sarcastically cooed. “Poor baby can’t hold it in, can he?”

Emmett bounced in place. Devon was blocking him off from the urinals he needed. “I— Please, Devon, can you bother me in a minute? I need the—“

“‘Oh, I gotta go bad!’” Devon mocked. “‘I gotta go real, real bad!’”

“Please—“

“Why should I let you through?” Devon asked.

Because if you don’t I’ll burst! Emmett thought. “B—Because I… I really just… Please?”

“That isn’t a reason,” Devon said. “What are you gonna do for me?”

“I don’t know,” Emmett said. “I— What do you want?” He could feel more pee starting to seep past his clenched hold. He was losing it. He was losing it slowly. But still, he was definitely losing it.

“Not sure… Give me a few minutes to think about it,” Devon said. “You have a few minutes, don’t you?”

“I—

“Sure you do. You don’t seem to be in a hurry.”

Emmett sucked in a sharp intake of breath. His bladder shook and convulsed. He could see the urinals, for God’s sake! Just behind Devon. They were taunting him with the promise of relief, just as much as Devon was! What he wouldn’t give to be just a few feet away from where he was now!

Suddenly, it was too much. He dashed from the restroom, yet again prying the door open with his bare hand. He limped and stumbled his way through the hall. There were other restrooms, ones where Devon wouldn’t be there to torment him. He could get to one of those before time ran out. He could! He focused every ounce of his willpower into just putting one foot in front of the other. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak. Left foot, right foot, don’t leak.

After what felt like twenty years, he was at the door to a different restroom. He shoved it open, finding it blessedly empty of anyone who would try to deny him relief. Just a few more steps, then he’d be in the right place. Just a few more steps, he could make it. He was already tugging his zip from the moment he’d gotten into the room, and was peeing two steps away from the urinal.

Finally, he was in the right location, his pee flowing with the force of a firehose, hitting the porcelain urinal with a loud hiss. Strangely, he did not feel any relief. Even though he was peeing for all he was worth, his bladder still felt full and stretched. After a few more seconds, he had let enough out that he was finally actually feeling a bit relieved. The sensation of release slammed into him, a full body experience of good. It was like he was being bathed in good. It was so, so incredible that he moaned out-loud. “Ahhhhhhhhhhh…” He barely noticed his mouth was open, and that he was thus breathing in whatever toxic germs lurked in here. He barely noticed anything at all, the only thing that could register to him was how great this felt.

God… How can it feel this good just to pee? Holding all this back had taken such an intense, extreme level of effort. Just not having to put that effort in anymore made his body shiver with pleasure. As some of the haze of relief faded, he began to feel shocked by how much he’d had in there. He’d been standing here, peeing his head off, for well over a minute and more just kept coming. It was no wonder he’d been so uncomfortable. He didn’t think he’d ever peed for this long before in his life.

At last, his stream started to slow down and taper out, a few last spurts gushing out before he finally felt like he was completely empty. He zipped back up and buttoned his pants, surprised by how much looser they felt now that the swelling was gone from his middle. That… Felt… Amazing! He’d never felt anything that incredible before in his entire life. He stumbled backward a bit, his legs still jelly. As his senses returned to him a bit more, he hurried to violently scrub his hands to get rid of all the germs he was sure they were coated in. How could he have been so hurried that he touched a toilet door without the aid of his sleeve not once, but three times?!

Once he at last felt sufficiently clean, he remembered to actually use his sleeve to leave the room and hurried back to class. He knew he’d been gone for too long and hoped he wasn’t in trouble. Luckily when he got back to his desk, Ms. Baker barely even glanced his way.

Shelby turned to him, “Made it?” she asked.

He nodded, aware of how red he was turning.

“Gonna listen to me a bit more from now on?”

Another nod.

Edited April 13, 2021 by segaface (see edit history)

*001*2021-05-25 18:43

This one is, admittedly, a bit silly. Hope folks still enjoy.

***

It was a quarter past midnight and Emmett was wide awake. Insomnia was not uncommon for him since he was so prone to anxiety and stress, two things that tended to keep him awake at odd hours. But, this time the cause of his restlessness came from a spot a little lower down than his brain; his bladder.

He’d had a few glasses of water with dinner which, normally would not be a problem. He was at home, the bathroom was just across the hall from his room, empty and ready for use. Except, he couldn’t use it. His Dad was sick with some kind of stomach bug and had thrown up in there a few hours ago. In Emmett’s mind, the entire room was now contaminated and he could not enter it, lest he become infected with the same flu currently having its way with his Dad.

There was another restroom, but to get to it he’d have to go through his parents' room, which was likewise contaminated.

So, that was why Emmett was up so late, trying to hold in his full bladder. He didn’t know when either of the restrooms would feel safe enough for him to enter again. But, he doubted it would come before he wet himself. Because of that, he felt ridiculous. There was a toilet just a few steps from where he was, but his nervous brain had managed to convince itself that he would suffer dearly if he dared to make use of it. He hated the way his brain worked, it was like his own mind wasn’t really within his control a lot of the time. Which was stupid, because shouldn’t it have been? He was his brain, right? But then, why did it do things to him that he hated all the time with seemingly no real input from him?

He sat up in bed and rocked against his wrists, pressing them tightly against his crotch. The front of his pajama pants was already a little damp. He’d lost a few spurts not too long ago. His bladder was literally all out of room, but his kidneys continued to pump more and more urine into it. He couldn’t believe he was in such a state. He was gonna have an accident in his bed, with a perfectly good toilet just a minute away.

He wished things could be simpler for him. He didn’t understand why his brain worked the way it did, why it had to make every, little thing so ridiculously complicated. He was like a slave to his anxiety, and it was miserable. This excruciatingly full bladder wasn’t even the worst thing it had made him suffer, but it was certainly the only thing he could think of at the moment.

He pressed his crotch more firmly into his wrists as he felt warmth gush into his pajamas once more. He tried to psyche himself up. Maybe he’d get the flu if he used the restroom his Dad had thrown up in, but wasn’t wetting himself really gross too?

But, the flu lasted longer. If he peed his pants, he could clean up right away and it would all be ov— Was he seriously trying to convince himself that having an accident was the best option he had?! What was wrong with him?! He was not normal. He was really, really not normal.

He laid back down and tried to just ignore his need, but it was well past the point that he could ignore it. He bit into his pillow as he gave in and clutched himself in his hands rather than just pressing down with his wrists. He felt sweat coating every bit of his body from the exertion. He was exhausted. He wanted to sleep. But, more than that, he wanted to pee. He couldn’t hold it. It was too much. He was full. He was so, so full.

He crossed his legs and hitched his hips, pressing his hands down tighter and tighter and curling his fingers around his aching length.

Okay. So, going to the toilet was too frightening for him. Obviously. If he was able to talk himself down from his anxiety, then he would have peed hours ago. But, wetting himself was not an acceptable option either. What else was there, though?

He was gonna have to find somewhere in his room that he could relieve himself. He was frustrated that he’d allowed his sickness anxiety to get to the point that finding a container or something to pee in was more appealing and doable than walking a few feet and using a toilet that someone had vomited into, but he was stuck now. He just had to pee somewhere or he’d go insane.

He flicked on his flashlight with one hand as the other remained firmly between his clenched thighs. He shined it all around, looking for something that could hold a lot of liquid. There was his beach towel… He imagined tucking himself into it and just letting loose, occasionally shifting his position when one area got too soaked through.

But, no, it was thin and small. And his bladder felt like it must have been holding back a small lake. He was worried that he’d manage to drench every square inch of the thing before he was empty. Then he’d just be stuck with a disgusting, soggy, smelly towel. No.

In his trash can, there was an empty bottle that had once held some ibuprofen. It would feel so wonderful to position himself at the opening and just… pee…

No, the bottle was small. It would hold even less than the towel would!

There was a very, very large mug on his shelf. If he got both that and the ibuprofen bottle, that should be enough to hold him.

Except, he loved that mug. He’d gotten it at a comic convention with his Dad. It was special to him, and he knew he’d end up having to throw it away if he defiled it.

What else was there, though!? The water bottle on his nightstand? It was still half-full! He’d have to drink it down to be able to use it, and if he took even one more sip of water he’d explode immediately. And then he’d have to explain to his Dad why he needed to throw the bottle out, what it had been filled with, and why it had been filled with that.

Hssss.

Ah! He was peeing! No! No, please! Not yet! He clutched himself tight with both hands, stemming off the flow but dropping his flashlight. It fell sideways so it was pointing to the wall his bed was up against, shining against the curtained window.

The window!

He moved one hand away from his crotch to pull the window open a little bit, then gave himself a few more squeezes before lowering his pajama pants. He couldn’t believe he was seriously doing this. It was disgusting, crazy, and utterly desperate. But, if there was one thing Emmett was feeling it was certainly utter desperation.

He got up onto his knees on top of his bed so he could aim out the window, then stopped when he realized he should probably lock his door first. His sister had a habit of charging into his room at all hours to ask him something inane. If she did that while he was in the process of emptying his bladder out the window, he’d probably die right on the spot.

It was just a few steps from his bed to the door, but walking was a huge challenge. He was more just crawling, doubled over on himself as his hands clutched at his front. He pressed the button on the doorknob and engaged the lock, then dashed back to bed and got himself back into position on his knees.

He lowered his pants again and could feel the pee right at the edge of his tip. This was going to feel so good—

He heard his doorknob being twisted back and forth, followed by a knock. “Nnnnh…” Emmett whimpered. He could pretend he was asleep, not answer the door and just pee. He could let himself pee before getting it. But, he wasn’t sure how much noise his stream was gonna make and if she’d be able to hear it. If she heard a lot of trickling liquid, Emmett wasn’t too sure what she’d assume the noise was, though. Maybe she wouldn’t end up guessing that he was pissing out his window?

He didn’t want to risk it. He could wait a few extra minutes. He did his painful crawl-walk to the door again and let his sister in. He knew what this was about; Shelby liked to stay up late and let her mind wander, eventually she’d come up with an idiotic question to wonder about and would come bother him about it.

“Hey,” Shelby said. “I was just thinking; Do conjoined twins masturbate, and if they do, is that considered incest?”

Just as he did every time Shelby decided to ask one of her asinine questions, Emmett replied; “I don’t know, and I don’t care. It’s too late at night for this.”

“But, you’re awake,” Shelby shrugged. “With your door locked, just what have you been up to in here?”

“Nothing.”

“Oh, I’m sure,” Shelby said. “Your pants are undone,” she said. “Were you thinking about your girlfriend?”

“No, I wasn’t doing that!” Emmett squeaked out. Though, he could see why she’d think he was. There were very few reasons a guy his age would have their door locked late at night and then have their pants halfway undone and their hands covering their crotch when they go to answer it.

“There’s nothing to be ashamed of. Everyone does it,” Shelby said. “I think… I’m still trying to figure out the conjoined twin thi—“

“Please stop talking to me about this,” Emmett begged. He needed to get back to the window soon. His control was slipping away. With as tight as he was gripping himself, he was surprised Shelby hadn’t figured out what his actual issue was. “I wasn’t doing that. I was just… Trying to pee.”

Shelby looked him over again, realizing that maybe the placement of his hands was just him trying to hold his full bladder and not him trying to conceal an erection after being caught in the act. “Okay?” She said. “Kind of the wrong room for that.”

“Well, Dad threw up in the bathroom, so I can’t use it,” Emmett said, like that should have been obvious.

“And so you were gonna… What? Pee on the floor, or—“

“I was about to go out the window before you got here,” Emmett admitted. It sounded even dumber now that he was saying it out-loud.

“… Well, as… Brilliant an idea as that is, I think you should probably consider using the toilet like a normal person.”

“Can’t,” Emmett said. “I’ll catch the flu.”

“You won’t,” Shelby said.

“I will.”

“Oh my God… How about you hold your breath while you’re in there or something? So, you don’t inhale the germs, or whatever you think is gonna happen to you?”

“Can’t hold my breath that long,” Emmett said, beginning to step in place as he tightened his grip so much that it caused pain. “Can you just leave so I can g—“

“You’re not pissing out the window,” Shelby said. “In what universe is that less disgusting than using the actual toilet?”

Emmett jiggled up and down, and coiled one leg over the other. He didn’t know how to answer that. He didn’t understand why his brain worked like this, just that it did. He recognized how illogical his fears and the things he did to alleviate them all were, but that understanding didn’t make any of it go away.

Hsssss…

He was leaking again, he could feel it trickling against his hands, could feel the bunched up fabric of his pajama pants getting warm and damp. “Ah!” He gasped out. “I can’t hold it!”

“Then go to the—“

Emmett rushed back to his bed, lowered his pants back down as far as he needed to, and aimed out the window just as his bladder completely collapsed in on itself and exploded. A waterfall of urine erupted from his tip and flowed the long way down into the grass beneath his window. For a second he forgot where he was, he forgot the specifics of what he was doing, and he forgot his sister was right there. He just lost himself in the relief, sighing out-loud. “Ahhh…”

“Oh my God…” Shelby said. “This is a thing that’s happening.”

“Sh—Shut the door,” Emmett begged.

Shelby closed the door.

“I meant with you on the other side!”

“Sorry…”

“At least turn around!”

“Oh, right!”

Emmett tried to focus back on the feelings of release, ignore all the sensations of shame and embarrassment. He’d never felt so much pleasure and discomfort at once before, let alone simultaneously. It was such a weird, off-kilter way to feel. Once he was finally done, had pulled up his pants and closed the window, he turned back around. Shelby was still facing the other way. “Please don’t tell Dad I did that.”

“Believe me, I don’t want him to know I watched it,” Shelby said. “That was… Just… Weird.”

“I know,” Emmett said. “I wish I wasn’t so scared of so many basic things. I can’t believe I actually did that.”

“I guess it’s good you didn’t just lay in bed and piss yourself,” Shelby said. “But… Seriously, you need to get a grip sometimes.”

“I’m handling it.”

“You pissed out your bedroom window because you’re scared to go into a room someone threw up in five hours ago,” Shelby corrected. “Clearly we both have vastly different definitions of ‘handling it’. Maybe talk to your therapist about this little adventure?”

“I can’t tell her about this,” Emmett said, sounding horrified. “It’s embarrassing!”

“Which is why you should talk to her about it so you don’t have to do something like that again.”

“Ugh… Fine, I’ll talk about it…”

*004*2021-06-03 05:21

{{5 hours ago, gelpen said:

Poor Emmet

}}

I agree He's from a book that I wrote (But, I changed his name for this story, since the names in that book are pretty unique and recognizable.) In the book, he does have a happy ending and gets the help he needs to overcome a lot of his fear.

*005*2021-06-20 06:36

Emmett’s girlfriend Nova was a Godsend. She was the smartest person he’d ever met, wise well beyond her years, and the one person who was able to keep him grounded whenever he felt scared. She taught him how to breathe when he panicked to keep himself from hyperventilating. She spoke to him in soft, soothing tones and made him feel that everything really could be okay. She was his greatest ally when it came to improving his mental health, and he shared everything with her.

Including the suggestion his therapist had made of ways to combat his compulsive behaviors. It was suggested that he enter a situation that would ordinarily cause him distress, and then instead of performing the activity he usually would to lower his anxiety, he was to abstain from it. A good example for him, his therapist had said, would be to go into a crowded area with lots of people, and then not wash his hands unless he was about to eat something. The idea made his mind feel shaky, but when he told Nova she said it sounded like a good idea to try it.

She suggested they go to the mall, a location that would be full of people, many of whom could have been sick recently. And then, Emmett would have to try not to wash his hands until they stopped for lunch. Nova would be there to remind him and to help him stay calm, she promised. “I know it will be scary for you, but I’ll be with you the whole time.”

Emmett tossed and turned a lot the night before their mall trip. He would have to touch the doors to some of the shops, doors that had been touched by hundreds of people before him, and then he wouldn’t be allowed to wash his hands or put on sanitizer. The idea of his hands becoming infected, crawling with every disease every person who had ever set foot in that mall had ever had… Well, it was enough to make him shudder.

But, as it turned out, working himself up into a panic about sickness was going to be the least of Emmett’s troubles that day. Nova was there to stop him from making a mad dash to the restroom to wash his hands, reminding him of what the day’s goal was. But after an hour or so of wandering through the mall, hand-washing was not what Emmett wanted to make a mad dash to the restroom for.

He realized with some dismay that he’d been so stressed out about what he was supposed to attempt today that he’d neglected to have his morning pee before leaving his house. He regretted that. He regretted that more than he’d ever regretted anything. He regretted that even more than he regretted the day he gave Shelby a scratch-off ticket on their birthday, and it turned out she’d won five hundred dollars.

He’d honestly be willing to trade five hundred dollars for a pee-break right about now… He’d be willing to do anything to get himself to a urinal! Anything, that was, except admit to his girlfriend that his bladder was full. He didn’t even truly know why he was too embarrassed to tell Nova that he was just bursting for a toilet; She’d seen him break down into tears and have panic attacks, and had never judged him for a second, but for whatever reason the words “I have to pee!” were just a bridge too far.

Nova was always so calm, cool and collected that Emmett already found himself feeling like an overly sensitive child beside her often enough without telling her he had to go pee. So, he made a decision; He would be allowed to wash his hands when they ate lunch, so he’d get to go into a restroom then. He could hold it until then. He could pee then.

Still, he could not stop his gaze from lingering on the door to every restroom they passed. “Emmett,” Nova said. “I know this is hard… What level are you at now? Scale from one to ten?”

Emmett paused, he thought his bladder was somewhere around a seven. His urge was a constant, thrumming pulse below his waistband, and he’d been rocking back and forth on his feet every time they’d stopped walking for a few seconds. But, he knew that she wasn’t asking about his bladder, she was asking about his anxiety.

He realized then that, he’d been so preoccupied with his need to release that he hadn’t thought too much about washing his hands at all. Distracting himself from his compulsions by holding his pee probably wasn’t what his therapist or Nova had in mind, though. And, truth be told, he was feeling pretty anxious. He was anxious that all the little squirms he couldn’t stop making were off-putting for Nova. He was anxious that his desperation seemed to just be getting worse and worse by the minute. He was anxious that he might not make it until lunch after all…

“S—Seven?” He offered, still staring at the restroom door. Oh, what he wouldn’t give to run through it! The little blue symbol on the door was mocking him, taunting him with promises of how good release would feel. When a man exited the restroom, Emmett couldn’t stop himself from feeling jealous of him for having a freshly emptied bladder.

“That’s good,” Nova said. “It’s not too high, you’ve got this. Just a little freaked out, right?”

Emmett twisted in place as he tore his vision away from the restroom to look at her instead. “A—A little,” he repeated.

“Oh, you’re shaking,” Nova realized. Emmett was trembling an awful lot, his legs in particular seemed pretty twitchy, as he nervously paced in place. Nova decided he probably just needed a few minutes to settle his nerves and breathe. “Here, let’s go somewhere more relaxing,” she suggested.

The only place Emmett thought he could relax himself now would be in front of a urinal, but he knew that Nova wasn’t about to bring him to one of those. But, maybe it would at least be further away from any of the restrooms, having to see all the toilets he couldn’t use was really starting to get on his nerves.

The good news was that Nova did bring him somewhere that he couldn’t see any doorways or signs pointing out restrooms. The bad news was that she brought him to the fountain in the center of the mall. The fountain was enormous, a huge circle of gushing streams all flanked around a gigantic one spraying up in the center. Surrounding the fountain were sitting areas, and Nova took him to a bench that offered a clear view of the blasting liquids.

When Emmett sat down, the waistband of his pants smushed into his bladder and he immediately wound his ankles against one another. His hands clamped onto the edge of the bench he was sitting on, desperate to squeeze something. He was able to shut his eyes against the fountain, but could do nothing about the sound. The sound of water viciously splashing against water. It sounded exactly like he was in a crowded men’s room, being forced to listen as others unleashed their streams into toilet bowls while he stood in line and held it. Except, this was worse, because at least if he was waiting for an available toilet, he’d know relief was coming very soon. Now, his relief was still hours away.

He opened his eyes, trying to remind himself that the noise was just water, not urine. It didn’t help at all. He couldn’t stop thinking of how the streams of water across from where he sat looked so much like how his pee stream did when he finally let flow after needing to hold it for a long time. He kicked his legs out in front of himself, then drew them back in, his grip on his seat tightening.

Nova watched him intently with growing concern. Normally, Emmett calmed down around water. He liked the sound of the ocean at the beach, it was something that had always put him at ease, so Nova had thought this would do the same thing. But, clearly it wasn’t. He was still shaking like a very scared leaf. If anything, his trembling shudders had only increased. She’d known this activity would be difficult for him, but he seemed to be more anxious than she’d seen in a very long time.

Emmett tapped his feet restlessly. He leaned forward and backward, trying to find a position that gave his bladder the space it wanted. He tugged at his bangs, before his hands wavered a little over his waist. They stopped in mid air and he wedged them underneath himself. He would not hold himself in front of Nova! He absolutely would not! Just because he had to pee like a racehorse that had drank six cups of coffee before going on a twelve hour car ride on a bumpy road in the rain, that was no reason to make a fool of himself! He would hold it. He would hold it until lunch time, then he would run to the nearest urinal like his life depended on it, yank down his zipper and hose it down with even more force than the tortuous fountain could muster!

And, dear God, would that feel good! To just… To just not have to worry about it anymore! To just not have to put the effort in to keep himself dry! To just be able to relax and let his body have what it had been screaming for for so long…

It was too much!

He shot to his feet like a rubber band. “N—Nova!” he stammered out. “I need to—“

Nova held up a hand, “You don’t need to,” she interrupted. “You just think you do. I know, this is triggering for your fears, and it’s hard not to give in and do what your brain is telling you you have to. But, you’ve made it so long already, in a couple hours we’ll get lunch, and you can wash your hands, and you’ll know you don’t actually have to give into these thoughts.”

“No,” Emmett stuttered. “I—“

“What’s your level? Scale of one to ten?”

If ten was the level where Emmett wet himself, he was at an eight! He was practically running in place, stomping his feet, shifting his hips. “Eight!” he blurted out.

“Shhh,” Nova hushed, and took his trembling hands in her own. She was positive all his shivering and twitching was from being on the verge of an anxiety attack. “Try to stay still, try to breathe. It’s okay.”

“I can’t!” Emmett said. “I have to—“

“You don’t,” Nova said once more. “Remember what I keep telling you? Your anxiety is like a little monster that wants to feed. And, when you give into it and do what it wants— Like by washing your hands when you don’t actually have to— That’s feeding it. And if you feed it again and again, it just gets bigger and more powerful.”

“But, that’s not—“

Nova squeezed his hands. She’d held him like this while he panicked many times before, but his hands had never shook quite this badly, they’d never been this slippery and clammy. She started to wonder if maybe she’d pushed him too far, too fast, too soon. “Try to stay still,” she repeated. “Let me help you breathe.”

Even after Nova said that, Emmett didn’t go still at all. He kept jiggling, he kept shifting around. His eyes squeezed shut, his jaw set in a harsh line. “You don’t understand, I just have to—“

“Let’s try breathing first,” Nova said. “Let’s just try to calm down another way. Okay. Breathe in with me.”

Emmett tried. His breath hitched as he struggled to inhale around the huge, bloated bowling ball that had taken up residence in his core. Exhaling was even worse, as his sphincters tried to release alongside the air from his lungs. He felt a few drops of pee begin to seep into his boxers. He badly wanted to grab himself. He needed to grab himself! But, Nova was still holding onto his hands, and he couldn’t cram them between his legs where they now seriously belonged!

Nova helped him do his breathing exercise for about a minute, then asked if he felt any better.

He didn’t. He felt more on the verge of completely exploding than he had before. “Nova,” he said, much louder than he’d wanted to. “I’m not freaking out because I want to wash my hands, I'm freaking out because I just have to pee really, really bad!” He winced as he noticed a couple on one of the other benches look his way.

Nova dropped his hands, and he immediately wedged them between his thighs as he continually bounced in place. “…Oh,” she said after a moment, thinking over all the behavior she’d witnessed. She saw his trembling, fidgety legs and shaking, quivering body in a whole new light. And, of course, now he was clutching onto himself and crossing his legs as he jiggled up and down, doing what was by far the most blatant pee-dance Nova had ever witnessed. “Oh,” she said again. “…I… May have misunderstood a few things.”

“Nnnh, yeah,” Emmett agreed and tried to force a smile. “You may have.”

“I’m so sorry,” Nova said. “I promise, I thought I was helping. I should have listened better, I’m sor—“

“Nova!” Emmett interrupted. “Less talking, more finding me a toilet, please!?”

“Sorry!” Nova said once more. She felt herself blush. She’d never seen a guy needing the restroom so badly before, and there was something weirdly intimate about it. “Okay, I think the closest restrooms are this way,” she pointed. “Come on.”

Emmett hobbled after her, hoping that this was the correct direction, because he felt like he only had about five minutes left before his exhausted pelvic muscles gave up the ghost and he drenched himself in the ocean he’d been carting around all day. It was so hard to walk… Every time they passed one of the mall’s decorative potted plants, he wished he could just let everything loose onto them instead of continuing his contorted, painful trudge. Each time one of his feet hit the ground, a devastating pulse of need would pound through his body. He could not stop holding himself, but more importantly he could not stop leaking.

The leaks were tiny, probably no more than a drop or two, but they were constant and he couldn’t manage to clamp himself shut enough to make them cease.

Nova could hear him whimpering with need and hoped just as much as he did that they were getting close to a toilet. If he ended up… Well, not ‘making it’, she’d blame herself. She’d blame herself for not paying attention properly, and she’d blame herself for interrupting him over and over as he’d tried to tell her what it was he actually needed.

She exhaled a breath when she spotted a sign that pointed in the direction of a narrow hall between two shops. She wouldn’t have to blame herself after all. “Found you a—“

Before Nova could finish, Emmett’s eyes had seized on the beautiful, blessed sign and he immediately picked up the pace to move as fast as his overfull body would allow him. He took off down the hall, and had never, ever been so happy to see a public men’s room in his life. As he shoved aside the door with his shoulder, his hands had already busied themselves with his zip.

When the sound of the zipper going down reached his ears, his bladder decided that was its cue and began to release a flood into his boxers. He panicked, certain he was going to lose it in the home-stretch, and forced himself forward, gripping onto his length through his fly. The restroom was a little crowded, and he hoped no one was paying him enough attention to notice how much of an emergency he was having.

The area for the sinks was huge and was placed before the area containing the urinals that he needed as desperately as he needed oxygen to breathe. The final few steps to make it there were brutal, and he felt his boxers growing damp beneath his clenched hands. The only available urinal was between two people, and ordinarily he would wait in such a circumstance, but that wasn’t an option here. He wedged himself in front of it, yanked himself out over the waistband of his boxers and just… Stopped fighting.

His stream really was as powerful as the jets that pulsed from the fountain. The contents of his abused bladder battered the urinal as though he was trying to drown it. The sound of his flood hissing out was almost enough to cover up the sounds from the sink faucets. A violent shiver overtook his body and he began panting like he’d just run a marathon. “Haaah…Haaah…Haaaahhhh…”

This was… He didn’t even know what to call this… The word ‘relief’ did not do justice to the amazing waves of pleasure he was currently experiencing. This was beyond a relief, this was a reward. A reward for having endured such an intense, all consuming need to pee for so long. He could scarcely believe how much was coming out. If he heard someone claim that they peed this much all at once, he’d never believe them, but here he was seeing and feeling it for himself.

The guys he’d been standing between had finished up at some point while he’d been lost in a daze of release, and as his stream wound down he became reacquainted with reality once more; More specifically, the fact he’d been gushing, groaning and moaning like his very life depended on it for the past minute and a half while in a crowded public restroom. And, worse than that, that he’d done a ridiculous pee-dance in front of Nova before begging her to find him a urinal before he had a full-blown accident.

His cheeks, already flushed a bit pink from the exertion of the day, reddened further. His bursting gush died down to a trickle, then a dribble, and then he was emptied. But, he continued to stand there a few seconds longer, trying to regain a bit of control; His body felt like it had turned to jelly, and his mind was so overcome by the feelings of pure bliss that it had turned mushy as well.

Finally, he zipped back up and released a huge sigh from his lungs. ‘Better’ did not even describe how he felt. He scrubbed his hands off, deciding that it didn’t go against the rules of the day to wash off after peeing. He looked himself over and was relieved that none of his leaks had managed to soak through enough to be visible on his pants. Then, he reluctantly left the room to rejoin Nova. “I am so sorry!” were the first words out of both their mouths.

“Why are you sorry!?” Nova asked.

“Because I— I grossed you out!”

“You didn’t!” Nova promised. “It’s not gross to have to pee, Emmett. You can’t help that!”

“But I— I… Did that whole… Thing…”

“You mean your… uh… Your little squirmfest earlier? Because, honestly it was kinda cute.”

Emmett felt more heat flood his veins. “What!?”

“I don’t know,” Nova admitted. “I was worried you were having an anxiety attack at first, but when you said you just needed to pee… For some reason, I just thought you looked a little cute all wriggly like that.”

“I wasn’t trying to be cute,” Emmett said. “I was trying not to pee my pants.”

“I know,” Nova said. “But, hey; That just means you’re adorable even when you don’t mean to be!”

“Nova…” Emmett was still red-faced, but he was smiling a tiny bit.

Nova pinched his cheek, “What level are you at now?” She asked. “One to ten?”

“One,” Emmett said. “I feel… I feel really okay right now.”

