Germaphobia

Author: secretomoact

*006*2022-02-05 04:09

Okay, so I have a huge backlog of fiction updates to post to this site, but since I don't want to put up a ton all at once I'll just do a couple each day (Like, one chapter for each story.) You can view my AO3 account if you want to see more right away. (Link to that on my profile.)

***

Cleaning the restroom was supposed to be Shelby’s chore. However, she’d seemingly found a way to avoid doing it forever. She would just procrastinate and procrastinate, tell her Dad and Emmett that she’d get it done ‘later’ and allow for the mildew and other nastiness to build up until Emmett just couldn’t stand it anymore and cleaned it himself.

It was a fool-proof system, really.

But, Emmett hated it. He had absolutely had it with cleaning all the sticky slime that built up on the shower walls, scrubbing out the toilet, removing the hair from the drain, and all that other disgusting stuff when it wasn’t even supposed to be his job! He already did all his own chores, he didn’t need to have to handle Shelby’s, too!

So, one weekend while Dad was away at the hardware store, Emmett thought he’d come up with a method to force Shelby to do her own job for once. “You are going to go in that bathroom,” he began, trying to project what little authority he could muster. “And, you are not going to come out until it’s done.” He was positive that, once Shelby got either bored or hungry enough, she would do it. “I don’t want to see that door opening until that room is spotless!”

She argued a bit with him, but eventually agreed. “Alright, fine. I promise I’ll do it.”

Emmett smiled to himself. No more digging revolting hair clumps from the shower drain! He went to his room to relax and read a book. He got lost in the story for quite some time, imagining himself as the brave knight in the story who would never cower or run away from a little dirt, not when there were dragons to fight. He was trying very hard to picture what his life would be like if he were the character in the book; Not just what it would be like to live in a world of high fantasy, but to live with a brain that didn’t sound all the alarm bells at the slightest provocation. He could scarcely imagine a life that wasn’t dominated by hand-washing routines and showering.

Eventually, his attention was pulled away from the imaginary world of the text, when he began to feel a reminder of the water he’d had at breakfast. He stood from his bed and walked across the hallway to the restroom, turned the knob and—

Click.

It was locked.

It was then that Emmett remembered he’d ordered Shelby to clean the room. He knocked. “Hey,” he said. “How’s it coming?”

“Gonna be a while,” Shelby responded from the other side.

“Ah, well, could you let me in for a second?”

“You said not to open the door until the room’s spotless,” Shelby said, and Emmett swore there was a hint of laughter in her voice.

“Yes, I did say that,” Emmett agreed. “But, I didn’t mean it literally. I just meant you weren’t allowed to stop working until—“

“Hey now, we had a deal,” Shelby said. “I promised not to open the door until I’ve finished cleaning.”

Emmett rolled his eyes up towards the ceiling. Okay. Fine. He’d go use the other restroom. He clomped off in the opposite direction for his Dad's room, and made his way through it until he reached the master bath. His bladder began to loosen as his hand reached for his zip.

His hand abruptly stopped moving when he saw the note on the door.

Emmett, Shelby,

Do not use this restroom. The toilet does not flush properly and will flood the room. I’ll be home soon to fix it.

- Dad

Then, he started to panic. He paced back and forth. His bladder hadn’t felt so full a few seconds ago, but now that he knew he’d have to hold it until after Dad got back home and repaired the toilet, he felt a lot more desperate.

He took a few steadying breaths. Dad would be home soon, and Shelby would probably get bored before then and let him in, anyway. He’d always been far more patient than his sister, he could outlast her. Easy.

He returned to his bedroom and picked up his book. He just had to wait a little while, just until Shelby got bored of this game. He could handle that.

Another hour passed, and Emmett could no longer concentrate on his book at all. He kept reading the same sentence over and over and over without processing it. And, now, when he imagined himself as the main character, he just kept wondering if the knight’s armor was difficult to take apart when he needed to pee. He kept thinking about how lucky the knight was, because he was voyaging through a forest and could just go behind a bush before he got too desperate. He kept wishing he could enter the world of the book, not to see the dragons or to watch battles, but just to take a really massive leak on one of the trees.

Were there toilets in the world of the book? There hadn’t been any mentioned… Except, there was one part where the knight was in the house of a gnome and noticed a chamber pot under the gnome’s bed. The idea of a chamber pot had seemed awful gross to Emmett when he’d first read the line, but now he wished he could have one under his own bed.

He put the book down, noticing his legs had become very tightly crossed over the course of the last hour, his hips spasmed periodically as his bladder continually sent him hot, sharp, painful twinges. Why was Dad still not home!? Emmett knew his Dad sometimes liked to just wander around the hardware store and look at tools he could use for potential ‘projects’ that never seemed to come to pass… But, would it kill him to stop and consider the state of his son’s poor bladder?

Maybe… Maybe Shelby had done her job by now? Maybe she’d let him in? He scrambled from his bed and across the hall. When he reached the door for the restroom, he danced on the spot. His legs rubbed against each other and one hand pressed into his groin while the other reached to turn the doorknob.

It was still locked.

“Shelby?” Emmett called. “Uh~Um… Could you let me in for a second?”

“That would require opening the door,” Shelby said. “And, you told me not to do that, remember?”

“I know what I said!” Emmett whined, stomping his feet, twisting and turning as his hands clutched at his crotch for dear life. “But, I— I wasn’t thinking. Just— Please?” He knocked on the door again, his urgent, frantic feelings building and building.

“What’s the matter?” Shelby asked in a mock sing-song. “Is there something you need in here? I can just slide it under the door!”

“You can’t!” Emmett whimpered. “And I’m pretty sure you already KNOW what I need!”

“Mmm, nope. No idea.”

“I need the toilet,” Emmett hissed out. “Please, just let me use it? It will only take a minute!”

“No. Sorry. We had an agreement,” Shelby said.

“Shelby, please!?” Emmett begged, beginning to practically jog in place. “I just— You don’t understand how much— It’s an emergency!”

“You’re always yelling at me to clean the restroom,” Shelby said. “And, now that I’m doing it, you’re still yelling at me anyway?” She blew out a sigh. “Sheesh, there’s just no winning with you, is there?”

“There is winning!” Emmett said. “You win when you let me pee!”

“Go use the other bathroom.”

“I can’t, Dad needs to fix the toilet.”

“Go in the sink or the tub, then.”

“That’s disgusting!”

“Says the guy who pissed out his bedroom window last month!”

“That was—“ Emmett groaned, grimacing as a pulse of urine trickled into his boxers. His grip on himself tightened, but he could feel more liquid still pounding against his opening. “That was a very desperate situation, I don’t know what I was thinki—“

“And this one isn’t?”

“I don’t bathe or wash my hands on the grass outside my window!” Emmett snapped. This was ridiculous! He couldn’t believe he was so close to an accident just outside his own bathroom! “But, I DO do those things in the sink and the shower!”

“You don’t bathe in Dad's shower,” Shelby said. “And, I pee in our shower all the time, it’s no big deal.”

“Why did you have to tell me that?!” Emmett whined out as his knees turned towards each other. His bladder was screaming, standing outside the restroom door was making it worse. So many times, the sight of that door had meant ‘Relief’s just a few seconds away! Time to pee!’ and his bladder seemed to be very confused as to why it was still full.

“I was just letting you know so you'd feel better about peeing in Dad’s shower.”

“I’m not doing that!” Emmett yelled back. He was breathing heavily now. He had to pee so bad it was painful. His urethra was stinging as his fingers kept trying to pinch it shut.

“Then pee out your window again. I don’t care how you do it.”

“It’s daylight!”

“There’s a fence.”

“A WIRE fence; People can see through it!”

“Yeesh, picky-picky!” Shelby sighed.

“Shelby!” Emmett exclaimed. “Just, please let me use the toilet? I’ll do something for you! Whatever you wa—“

“Oh, hold on, Emmett,” Shelby said. “I kinda have to pee.”

Emmett’s blood ran cold. She wouldn’t do THAT to him, would she?

Sure enough, he heard the toilet being opened, followed by a thin trickle of liquid and Shelby’s sigh. “Ahhhh, that’s much better,” she said.

There was a second trickle of liquid then, but this one landed in Emmett’s clothing, and not into a toilet. “Nnnh!” He whimpered, clutching and squirming and doing every pee-dance move he could think of.

“It’s so hard to concentrate on other things when you have to pee really bad, isn’t it?” Shelby asked, still midstream.

Her words were like a baseball bat to his bladder, and all at once he couldn’t take it anymore. He rushed into the living room to escape the sound of relief that wasn’t his. He needed to find somewhere to go, and he needed to find it in the next couple minutes. ‘Come on, come on!’ He ordered himself. ‘Think!’

He could… He could go to Nova’s house! Yeah, that would work. It would be super embarrassing to turn up on her doorstep so obviously on the verge of an accident— Not to mention the people who might see his fidgety, desperate walk on his way there— But, she’d let him go!

No. No. That wouldn’t work. It was too far to walk when his bladder was in such awful shape. And, he couldn’t use his window again, what if someone was walking past and saw him? He noticed the vase that stood in one corner of the living room… No. That was so gross. How would he clean it back out again? And, he’d get into so much trouble! No vase.

Even if its plain, white color was making it look an awful lot like a urinal now…

No.

He shuddered as another spurt of pee soaked his clothes. He could feel it rolling all the way down his leg. He couldn’t take it anymore! He just couldn’t!

“You don’t use the other tub,” Emmett said quietly to himself. “You can wash it out after you’re done. You— You don’t have a choice. You have to go somewhere…” Defeated, and utterly revolted by the knowledge of what he was about to do, he stumbled and hobbled back to his Dad's bathroom. He ignored the note taped to the door and walked in. He started dribbling up an absolute storm when he saw the toilet, his bladder not understanding that it was out of order.

Still, his hands scrambled madly at his zipper, and once it was down, he aimed himself into the tub. For a second, nothing happened. His brain was screaming at him that this was disgusting and wrong, that he should be ashamed of himself for even trying this. That he should pull his zip back up right this second and hold it until he could use a toilet. He fought these thoughts down, and a stuttering, spurting trickle began to pour into the tub.

He wasn’t peeing as strongly as he needed to, but at least he was peeing at all. And not into his pants. “Ahhhh,” he exhaled. That was better… His bladder began to shrink, depleting itself of the massive quantity of urine he’d been forcing it to contain. “Mmmmmm…..” he murmured. He shut his eyes, both because the relief was making him feel a little dazed, and because he wanted to forget that he was peeing into a tub and not a toilet.

But, removing the visual aspect wasn’t enough to make him forget what he was doing; The sound was too obvious. His stream had picked up speed and force the longer he’d let it flow, and with that it had gotten much louder. It pounded the material of the tub, sounding like a torrential rainstorm spraying onto a metal roof. It was so loud, he couldn’t hear anything else over top of it.

He couldn’t hear the TV that had been left running. He couldn’t hear the birds that were outside. He couldn’t hear the front door opening. He couldn’t hear his Dad walking through the house. He couldn’t hear the doorknob being twisted.

He could, however, hear his Dad speak; “What are you doing!?”

Emmett jumped, and tilted his head to face his Dad. Emmett’s pee stopped flowing then… For about five seconds. His urethra seemed to catch fire, and his holding muscles stung like they’d been electrocuted. Even though he’d tried to stop peeing, he just couldn’t, and right away he was gushing once more. His face flamed red hot as his bladder forcibly drained itself into the bathtub while his Dad stared at him.

Emmett said nothing, and was unsure of where to look. He decided to direct his attention back to his stream, instead of the look on Dad’s face. He gave a push, trying to speed it up and finish faster.

Dad didn’t say anything else, either, and he too didn’t seem to know where he was supposed to look. When it registered to him how much liquid his son was expelling, he did feel a small hint of sympathy that he’d evidently needed to go really badly. But still, of the twins, Emmett was certainly NOT the one he’d ever expect to find doing something like this.

When the sound of liquid relentlessly striking the bathtub ceased for another second, Dad assumed Emmett was done and tried to say something… Only for his son to release another long, loooong spurt of pee. Once that was out, Emmett started to breathe a little heavily as he zipped up. He turned around to face his Dad, shame-faced. “I’m… I’m really sorry. I just… I couldn’t wait. I’m sorry, I’ll clean it out real well, and—“

Dad held up a hand, “It’s… Son… Why did you do that? It’s so unlike you to make messes.”

Emmett looked down at his feet. “I told you; I couldn’t hold it anymore, I just had to go somewhere.”

Dad didn’t disbelieve him, it was obvious how big of an emergency that had been. But… “I know the toilet in here is having problems, but why didn’t you use the other?”

“I told Shelby to clean the bathroom like she’s supposed to, and to not open the door until she was finished, and—“

“I see,” Dad sighed, understanding immediately.

A few minutes later, all three of them were at the kitchen table. “That was a very mean thing to do to your brother,” Dad said.

“I know,” Shelby said. “And, I’m sorry.”

“I did not exactly plan on seeing him using my bathtub as an emergency toilet today,” Dad added. “You—“

Shelby snorted, “You actually did that?” she asked.

Emmett blushed. “I told you I couldn’t hold it. I told you that so many times.” He lowered his voice to barely above a whisper. “I… I was nearly having an accident…”

“I thought you were exaggerating,” Shelby admitted. “I swear, I didn’t realize it was that bad. I was just trying to tease you. I didn’t— I didn’t think it was going too far.”

“Well, it was!” Emmett said. “I can’t believe I did that… And Dad saw, and—“

“I’m sorry,” Shelby said. “I got carried away. Sorry. I’ll… I’ll actually clean the bathroom from now on, I promise.”

“Thanks,” Emmett said. “But, today I think you’re gonna have to clean up Dad’s tub, too.”

*007*2022-02-05 18:08

Emmett wasn’t very good at public speaking. He stuttered and spoke with a lisp, and he was sure any point he was actually trying to make would be negated by his timid, soft voice that shook with every word. This was why he hated having to give oral reports at school. No one took him seriously. They snickered every time he stumbled over a word or repeated a syllable. And since part of the grade was dependent upon how well he spoke, he could never manage to get more than a C no matter how well researched his actual report was.

Emmett was going to have to give another of those reports today in Geography class. He was exceedingly proud of the written portion, he’d been up late multiple nights researching the Great Lakes of North America and making sure he had all of his facts correct. But, he knew that no matter how well written the report was, no matter how much work he’d put into it, he just couldn’t make it over the final hurdle of having to read it aloud to a classroom full of people. It was so frustrating.

At lunch that day, Nova offered him a potential solution in the form of a baby blue can of liquid. “How will soda make me speak better?” he asked.

“It’s not soda,” Nova said. “It’s a relaxation drink. It’s made out of…” She turned the can over in her hand. “Dandelion tea, lavender, lemon balm and chamomile, and some other stuff. It’s supposed to make you feel less nervous if you drink it. It’s worked for me a couple times when I have to take a test. Except—“

“I’ll try it,” Emmett said. Anything to rescue his grade, anything to keep people from giggling when his tongue flopped around like a dying fish and caused him to fumble over his words. He took the can and drank it down quickly. Considering how intense his anxiety could get, he decided he should probably have more than just one. “Are there more?”

Nova nodded and handed him a second can, “Yes, but—“

Emmett polished this one off pretty fast as well. “Hm?”

“I was… I just— Please make sure you use the restroom BEFORE you give your report, okay? Trust me, you’ll really regret it if you don’t.”

Emmett nodded, and told her that he would. But, he wasn’t so sure if he ACTUALLY would. He only peed at school if it was an emergency, if he was close to having an accident. Otherwise he held it in until he could use the clean restroom at home instead. He also didn’t think two cans of liquid would be enough to send him over the edge. Especially not so quickly. His very next class was the one he’d be giving his report in, and he doubted all that he’d just had to drink would make its way to his bladder quite THAT fast.

After lunch as he headed for his class, he passed the door for the restroom. He recalled the warning, but he didn’t feel like he needed to go any worse than he normally did at this time of day. It wasn’t worth touching all the dirty things in that room when he didn’t even need to pee that much.

And, he actually was feeling a little calmer. Whatever was in those drinks was really working! His hands weren’t shaking, his lip wasn’t quivering, and he wasn’t fantasizing about hiding somewhere to avoid giving his report like he usually did. He was amazed by how unafraid he felt, like whatever neurons in his head that normally shouted at him that he was in constant danger were being held back and restrained by whatever magical ingredients had been in those beverages. He could do this!

He skipped the restroom and went straight to class, eager to show everyone that he really could give a coherent and clear presentation. He almost even volunteered to go first, but realized he still didn’t feel THAT brave just yet.

As his classmate gave her report on the Rocky Mountains, Emmett listened patiently, deciding he’d go next. He’d give his report, and he’d give it well, and he’d know that he’d found an answer; He’d continue having those drinks every day he knew he’d be speaking in front of his class. Just as he started to think of how wonderful a lifesaver those drinks could turn out to be, something happened that caused him to seriously second guess that idea.

A debilitating NEED to empty his bladder suddenly slammed into him. There was no warning. No steady build-up of his urge. No nothing. It took him by complete surprise and actually made him gasp sharply. He’d never felt anything like that; He’d never been perfectly fine one second and then find himself needing to fight as hard as he could to keep from peeing his pants the next. Was this supposed to happen? Was he having an allergic reaction to the drinks?

Maybe that was it. His body was trying to flush it all out before it damaged him. Oh. ‘Flush’… He should NOT have thought about flushing… What if that wasn’t it, though? What if, instead, the drink was making him terribly sick, and this was the first symptom? What if he was filled with something he hadn’t realized his body considered toxic? He started to breathe a little heavily, panicked.

His out of control inhalation was shaking the walls of his bladder, making it all the more determined to spray out all of its contents with or without his permission. He crossed his ankles and clamped down on his crotch with his hands when he felt himself already beginning to dribble.

Nova was beside him. She leaned over and whispered; “Did you go before class like I said?”

“No,” Emmett admitted. “I didn’t have to, then…” He blushed ferociously. “But, now… What’s happening to me?”

“I think it’s the dandelion,” Nova said. “It goes right through you.”

It certainly HAD gone right through him! He felt a little better upon learning that apparently this was a normal reaction, but he didn’t feel all that more relaxed. Right. ‘Relaxed’. That was how he was SUPPOSED to be feeling right now. That was what the drinks were SUPPOSED to have done for him. But instead, now he was scared he’d pee all over the floor as he stood, stuttering at the front of the classroom.

He was also alarmed by the fact his need seemed to be getting even worse. And it was getting worse FAST. It was like, every few seconds, another entire cup of pee was dumped into his bladder and it became an even bigger struggle to keep it inside. He was not going to make it home today, he had a better chance of teaching a giraffe how to ride a unicycle. He didn’t even think he could last through the rest of this class. It was embarrassing, but he was gonna have to ask to be excused. One hand shot up while the other continued gripping onto the front of his pants.

“Yes?” Ms. Baker asked. “Did you want to go next?”

He very much wanted to ‘go’ next… “Uh—Um—“

“Don’t be nervous, Emmett,” she said. “I’m proud of you for finally volunteering.” Ordinarily, he never asked to present his report. He just sat there quietly until everyone else had gone and he no longer had a choice. Maybe volunteering would help improve his overall grade? He now thought it was a bad idea to admit he’d only wanted to ask for permission to pee…

“O—Okay,” Emmett stammered, forcing himself to his feet, an action his bladder violently protested. Gravity took hold, the liquid within his body all pushed downwards towards the ground. He clenched his thighs together as he tore his hand away from his crotch as quickly as he could; Like ripping off a bandaid. To his amazement, he didn’t leak. He remained dry as he fumbled to the front of the room and looked at the report he’d written on… The Great Lakes.

Right.

Just the word ‘lakes’ made him start to sway from side to side, legs quivering. If he didn’t get through this fast, then his report was gonna end up including an unexpected visual aid…

“Start going,” Ms. Baker encouraged.

Oh, how Emmett wished he COULD! Instead, he forced himself to begin reading. “Th—The Great Lakes are interconnected freshwater lakes located in the upper east of North America. They connect with the Atlantic Ocean through the Saint Lawrence River… They are the largest group of freshwater lakes in the world by area, and second largest by volume.” He paused as his bladder convulsed once more, letting him know that the FIRST largest lake by volume was soon to be flooding down his pant-legs.

He flinched at the sudden intensifying of his need, pressing his legs right up against each other, trying to keep his member pinched shut between them. “They have been called inland seas,” Emmett continued. “Because they have r—rolling w-waves…” At his own words, he felt his bladder begin to roll, tossing and turning in his midsection as it fought to break free of the hold he was trying to maintain over it.

“More than twenty percent of all the world’s freshwater is in the Great Lakes,” he read. ‘And the other eighty percent is in my bladder right now!’ he thought miserably. “The Great Lakes contain enough water to cover all of the continental United States to a depth of nearly ten feet. They are the primary water source for more than forty million people. He continued reading for several minutes, jumping in place where he stood, occasionally pacing a couple steps back and forth, and clamping both hands firmly on his papers so he wouldn’t grip his crotch instead.

He was trying to speak as quickly as possible, to power through so he could pee! He didn’t even realize that, by being so focused on his bladder and not on the people staring at him and listening to him, he had barely stuttered at all. He was speaking louder than usual as well, his urgency had made it impossible for him to control the volume of his voice.

He turned the page, and a drip of urine slid down his shaft to bloom warm and damp in his boxers. He wanted to go back in time and slap his past self in the face for writing THIS part. “Due to climate change, the Great Lakes are currently reaching record high water levels with no signs of receding any time soon,” he read. “They are filled to their brims.” Another squirt of pee soaked out as he finished the sentence.

“The beach on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan is now mostly buried beneath lapping water. People who have beachfront property are at risk of…” One of his hands flew off his paper, darted downward to give his crotch a quick squeeze under the guise of ‘adjusting himself’. “Are at risk of flooding…” He crossed his legs tightly and leaned against the wall, taking a steadying breath.

“The water levels in the Great Lakes have always changed throughout history, but recently these changes have been more extreme than anything previously recorded. The past decade has been the wettest for The Great Lakes, precipitation over the lakes has risen ten percent over the past hundred years and is predicted to rise another ten percent in the next, while the rate of evaporation has slowed down. These changes are attributed to climate change, a warmer atmosphere, and an increase in the Earth’s temperature. Because of this, instead of being absorbed in the dirt, the excess rainfall has been running off into rivers that flow into the lakes. As a result, the lakes are overflowing with liquid, and the once accessible beaches have been flooded over.”

Emmett tried to turn off his brain, to read these words without visualizing anything about their meaning. But, that proved to be entirely impossible. The poor lakes! Being forced to contain more water than they were meant to, having even more streaming into them all the time, having so much inside that it was making them overflow and maybe even cause floods… They must have been so uncomfortable! Emmett’s knees turned in towards each other as he continued forcing himself to read the all-too vivid descriptions he’d written. Finally, he was finished with the paper. “Th—Thank you for listening!” He rushed out breathlessly. “Ms. Baker, I—“

Ms. Baker interrupted him, “Do you have any thoughts on what you learned?”

“Uh—Um, I guess I hope we can start doing things to reverse the effects of climate change? B—Because the lakes can’t be expected to contain so much? It’s too much, I can’t— I mean, THEY can’t hold it.”

“Thank you for your report,” Ms. Baker said. “You may return to your se—“

“May I use the restroom?” Emmett mumbled.

Ms. Baker frowned. “You were doing really well with speaking clearly a moment ago, let’s keep that up. What did you sa—“

“May I please use the restroom? Please?”

There was a bit of laughter from some of his classmates. No doubt they thought the idea of someone having to recite facts about overflowing lakes while on the verge of an accident was humorous for some reason!

“Yes you may,” Ms. Baker said. “But, please hurry back.”

Emmett was rushing for the door before she’d even finished talking. Once he was in the hallway, his hands crammed themselves into the crease of his clenched legs. Finally being able to give himself a good squeeze helped a little, but the meagre relief only lasted him a second before the awful throbbing re-emerged.

He took tiny, tight steps down the hallway and pushed open the door to the restroom. Finally… Except, when he got himself to the urinals, he found that some psychopath had taken a dump in one of them, and plugged the other up with a wad of toilet paper. What was wrong with the people he had to go to school with!?

He released his zipper, no way he was peeing in such a disgusting thing, what if there was splashback? He’d have to use a stall. But… What if whatever maniac had messed up the urinals had touched the doors to the stalls with his unwashed hands? He shuddered at the thought of placing one of his own hands to those doors now.

So, instead he nudged one open with his foot and quickly scrambled in. It was hard to lift his foot up that high when he badly wanted to keep his legs coiled together, and he lost one more spurt in the process. The toilet was clean enough to be usable, thank goodness. He really preferred a bit more privacy when using a stall to relieve himself, but couldn’t bring himself to touch the lock in order to close it.

He released his hold on himself and gripped his zip before giving it a tug… And then another tug. And another.

Ohhhh, come on! What now!?

His zipper was snagged. Caught. Stuck. And his hands were shaking so violently with need that he couldn’t manage to get it apart! The toilet was just sitting there taunting him now. This was so unfair! He’d given his report, he’d held so much in, he’d made it to the restroom! And now he was gonna have an accident anyway in spite of all of that!?

He needed help; The only answer he could come up with was the school nurse. The idea of asking the woman to fix his zipper before he peed his pants made him blush all the way down to his shoulders, but he couldn’t think of any other solutions! He quickly made his way out of the restroom, and found the hallways were now full. Class had ended, it seemed.

Shelby was waiting for him next to the restroom door; “Wow, that was hilarious,” she said. “I hope you didn’t think you were being subtle in there, I thought you were gonna be standing in a lake of your own when you got to the part about ‘floodi—‘“ She stopped abruptly, noticing her brother’s hunched over body. “You… Still need to go,” she stated. “Emmett, seriously, I know the school toilets are gross, but you have t—“

“My zipper’s stuck!” Emmett informed in what he hoped was a whisper, but probably wasn’t.

Shelby snorted, “Aww, that sucks… You want me to help you?”

He supposed that having his twin sister help him out was a little less embarrassing than asking the school nurse… And he wouldn’t have to walk so far while his bladder hurt this badly. “Yes, please!”

Shelby knelt down, but he stopped her.

“Nnnh, not in the hallway, it’s too—“

She sighed, stood up, and tugged him into the men’s room.

“Shelby! You can’t be in h—“

“Would you rather I take you into the ladies’?” Shelby asked, returning to his zipper. “Could you try to hold still? I can’t get it apart if you keep this whole Mexican Jumping Bean routine of yours up.”

“I can’t help it!” Emmett whined as he fought to keep his body still. It wouldn’t listen to him, however. His legs were twisting and his toes were bouncing of their own volition. “It’s… It’s really bad!” Against his will, a hand went to press against his crotch once more.

“Now, I REALLY can’t do it if your hand’s in the way,” Shelby said.

Emmett cringed as he released his grip on himself. “Please hurry…”

The door opened, a boy stood at the threshold and stared for a moment, then backed out as Emmett tried to stammer an apology and explanation. However, yelling “She’s just my sister!” had probably only made their positions appear even worse in that boy’s eyes.

“Calm down,” Shelby said. “I’ve almost got it…”

Emmett heard the extremely welcome, blessed sound of a zipper being pulled down. Once more, he used his foot to enter a stall and ignored the lock he was certain was contaminated. The seat was still down, and normally he’d wrap some toilet paper around his hand to raise it up, but there was no time for that. He was urinating before he’d even gotten the chance to aim, a spray of pee spattering the seat. He winced, feeling awful for making a mess, but a split second later the relief slammed into him and he lost all ability to care. “Ahhhh….”

He then heard his sister giggling.

“Y—You’re STILL here?” Emmett cried.

“Heheheh,” Shelby laughed. “That’s… Quite a noise you just made…”

“I…” Emmett felt himself heating up, and when he couldn’t help but sigh a second time as his stream continued its uncontrollable pour into the bowl, he felt even more embarrassment flooding his synapses.

“I mean, it sounds like you’re doing something OTHER than peeing in there, to tell you the truth.”

“Why are you even still here, nutcase?”

“Because I’m worried about you, wouldn’t want you to have an accident.”

“I’m…” Emmett panted a little… This felt way better than it had any right to. “I’m fine, so you can leave.” His stream was totally clear, it looked like he was peeing out nothing but water. For whatever reason, when his pee came out clear it tended to feel extra good to let it flow. “So… Leave?”

“Once I know for sure you’re okay,” Shelby said.

Emmett’s annoyed groan quickly transformed into yet another satisfied sigh. The feeling of his bladder steadily deflating back to a reasonable size was just too enjoyable for him to feel that upset about anything. And, it was only because of Shelby that he’d been able to feel this wonderful sensation of long-desired release, he shouldn’t be TOO snippy with her…

His pee kept gushing away for about a minute, and he shook himself off with one last relieved moan. He was actually able to stand up straight again! He zipped back up, his zipper choosing to cooperate a little better now, and exited the stall to scrub his hands.

Shelby was looking at the urinals Emmett hadn’t been able to use. “I thought you weren’t supposed to take shits in those?”

“You aren’t,” Emmett confirmed as he pumped several squirts of soap onto his hands before plunging them beneath the hot water from the sink. “But, we apparently go to school with Lucifer himself.”

*008*2022-02-06 16:59

Emmett hated Devon.

Emmett hated Devon’s smirk. Emmett hated the way Devon mocked him every time he spoke. Emmett hated how Devon thought the anxiety disorder he had to live with was comedy gold. Emmett hated how Devon was forever coming up with new ways to bother him and make him uncomfortable.

Emmett glowered at the sweaty, unwashed gym mats propped against the wall and decided that he hated them too.

He hated them because they were a reminder of the situation Devon had placed him into today. It was after hours at school. Emmett and Devon had been asked by a teacher to grab something from this supply closet. She’d given them the keys and sent them on their way. They’d both gone into the closet, Devon had procured the item, then slammed the door shut on Emmett and locked it.

Emmett had asked Devon to open it back up right away, his voice wavering with the same nervous tinge it always had, especially whenever Devon was around. “C—Come on, this isn’t funny. I don’t wanna spend all night in here…”

But, he hadn’t even gotten a response. Devon was already gone.

Emmett had then tried knocking on the door and creating enough of a ruckus that someone would surely hear and come to free him.

But no one had.

He wasn’t sure how long he’d been stuck in the closet for, but it had already been too long. It was difficult for him to realistically gauge the amount of time that had passed because he was deeply, deeply uncomfortable.

The sweat-covered, smelly gym mats made him uncomfortable because they were no doubt crawling with all manner of bacteria and disease. The darkness made him uncomfortable because it made it hard to discern if he was accidentally touching something filthy. The silence made him uncomfortable because it told him that no one was around to help him out.

His bladder made him uncomfortable because its current volume probably rivaled a swimming pool.

He hadn’t peed at all during the school day as usual, so he could avoid dealing with the grody toilets and the urine that spattered the floor around them. And, as usual, once the day was over he was eager to get on the bus and go home to get relief. But, of course, he COULDN’T get on the bus and go home to get relief. Instead, all he could do was stand in this dark closet, breathing in the germs from the gym mats, while twisting up his legs and cupping his dick as urgency pounded into him like a jackhammer.

He knew that if Shelby got onto the bus and he wasn’t there, she’d come to look for him. But, Shelby had pretended to be sick that morning to get out of taking a test she was unprepared for. So, Emmett couldn’t hope for her to come to his rescue. She had no way of knowing he was in trouble.

‘When enough time passes and I’m not home, Shelby will be worried,’ Emmett told himself. ‘If I’m not home at the usual time, she’ll notice then.’ Unless she was playing a video game. Then she wouldn’t notice anything. She wouldn’t notice what time it was. She wouldn’t notice Emmett wasn’t there… ‘But, if Dad gets back from work and I’m not in the house, he’ll worry…’

Except, Dad got home late in the evening. And it would take him a bit to realize Emmett was missing. And even longer to figure out where he was… Emmett knew he couldn’t hold it that long. Not with how strong the pressure in his middle already was. His bladder felt like an overflowing water balloon that would burst at the slightest poke. It felt like the skin of his midsection was tearing. He actually lifted his shirt up to check, certain that he would see droplets of blood as his bladder seared its way through his flesh.

But, that hadn’t happened. Not yet, anyway. If he didn’t pee soon though, it probably would. He was certain that, if he’d been able to take the bus, he would be home by now. He’d be home, and in the restroom, his zipper down and his stream flowing away into the bowl. All the agony and pressure leaving his body as he peed and peed and peed and—

A shaky dribble bulldozed its way past his aching pelvic muscles and began to slide, warm and slick down his leg. His hands returned to pressing down onto his crotch, his hips thrusting into the pressure of his palms. ‘Don’t think about peeing,’ he ordered himself. ‘Don’t think about it.’ But, it was hard NOT to think about peeing when he was starting to think that he’d sell his soul to Satan in exchange for a urinal. True, since Satan was Satan and all, it would probably be the filthiest, most disgusting urinal on Earth, but Emmett was to the point that that wouldn’t matter so long as he could finally relieve himself.

He shook his head several times at the direction his thoughts had taken. He must have been so full of pee that it was leaking into his brain and making him go crazy. His thighs strained against one another as he tightened his grip on his cock. He tried, once more, to think of something that didn’t involve peeing.

He went over the plot to the book he’d just read, but then he started wondering about what would happen if a dragon slayer really, really needed the restroom in the middle of a battle. Obviously, the dragon slayer couldn’t just wet himself. If he did that, the dragon would think he was very weak, and would probably breathe fire on him and burn him to a crisp for wasting its time. Emmett remembered there was actually a scene in the dragon slayer book where the main character had to go while speaking with a king. He remembered there was a line about how relieved the character was to be shown to his private quarters for the night where a chamber pot awaited him…

Emmett cringed and stomped in place. His bladder was painfully distended in his center, and his urge had built to a horrendously unendurable level. His legs twisted up unnaturally, he could feel his feet starting to tingle from the loss of blood-flow. What he wouldn’t give to have a chamber pot in this room with him now…

Wait, that was actually a good idea!

Maybe there was something in here he could pee into?

He tried to shake off the thought. Peeing into something that was not meant for peeing was completely revolting. He had done it a few times, and each time had made him feel sick and disgusting. It would feel even worse if he did it into something that belonged to his school, because he knew he’d be in huge trouble for soiling it. He imagined himself getting suspended for a few days because he’d flooded a piece of school property full of his urine. Maybe he’d even be expelled!

No. He couldn’t do that. He shouldn’t even look. He should just assume that there were zero potential peeing receptacles in here and forget the whole thing.

Except… There was a really large mop bucket resting right in the corner.

The idea of crouching over it, unzipping and just… Letting it all out…

Following his thoughts, his bladder seemed to drop downwards, pressing violently against his sphincters. His clutching hands were no match for the immense straining pulsing from within, and three half-second long spurts of urine soaked through in rapid succession. Each time he managed to grind his flow to a stop, it would begin again, sending more jets and dribbles down his shaking legs. It took him an extreme amount of jiggling, bouncing, squeezing and twisting to get the awful spasm under control enough to stop all the leaking.

He couldn’t use the bucket. He just couldn’t. No matter how good it would feel to stop holding back, he absolutely could not urinate in the mop bucket. He would be in trouble if anyone found out. He’d feel disgusting. And, well, he couldn’t continue going to school knowing that the floors had been cleaned using something he’d peed into. He knew that last one was pretty illogical, the bucket was probably scrubbed at least occasionally, and if smelled like pee the janitor would definitely clean it out… But still, Emmett couldn’t stop thinking that it wouldn’t actually get washed, and he knew he’d never be able to shake the feeling that the hallway floors were drenched in his urine.

No bucket.

He had to hold it.

Emmett unbuttoned his pants to try to make that a little easier. His waistband finally stopped cutting into the round swell of his abdomen and he felt noticeably better. But, it only took a minute or so before the agonizing, pulsating misery reared its ugly head again. So, he unzipped as well. But, when the sound of his zipper coming apart met his ears, his bladder thought for sure that that was its cue to let go, and his leaking returned full-force.

He jammed his hands inside his open fly, wrapping them firmly around his cock and squeezing with all his strength. His heart was beating rapidly, out of control like a wild drummer. His ears were ringing. He felt the loss of breath and bleary fear that usually preceded a panic attack. He tried to take slow, deep inhales to calm himself down— If he worked himself up into a panic attack, he would lose control over his bladder for sure!— But, as he breathed in, he felt his skin stretching over the swollen ball of piss in his middle, it felt like he was being stabbed. He couldn’t do his usual breathing exercise to soothe himself now, it hurt too much.

It felt like a fire was burning in his core, he was just so full of so much boiling hot piss that his body was flashing with intense heat all over. His entire lower body seemed to consist of nothing but tense muscles and gallons upon gallons of pee, all pressing with so much force against his exhausted sphincters. He was certain that if he let himself relax for a moment, his body would transform into a fire hose.

More pulsing, more pain, more swelling. Everything was tight, tense, clutched, stinging and full of sore, aching pressure. He was totally folded over, his hands kneading into his crotch, drips falling from his tired pee-hole.

His entire world had narrowed to the thin, pulsating, burning, tormented exhaustion of his urethral opening. This was unbearable. This was impossible A human body could only endure so much physical agony before it broke, and Emmett’s body could not take any more. He had to let his muscles give out. He had to let them slacken. He had to stop holding it.

He couldn’t hold it any longer.

Hands still squeezing his dick, he hobbled over to the mop bucket. ‘You have to do this,’ he kept telling himself. ‘You’re going to hurt yourself if you don’t go. You’ll get an infection. You’ll make yourself very sick. You have no choice.’ He drew his cock out and aimed it down at the bucket.

His abused sphincters relaxed. A few drops sprinkled into the bucket. Then, he started to trickle. Then, he was letting out a stream. Then, a fire hose. Then, a roaring, intense ocean. He unleashed a flood. Hours upon hours of long held liquid torture spilled forth.

He let out a deep, throaty moan as his shoulders drooped and his head tipped backwards. “Ohhhhh….” His eyes rolled back a little, he felt like he was floating through soft clouds. He shivered, his body vibrating from the relief and the power of so much piss spraying out of his opening with such intense force. He didn’t hurt anymore. He felt nothing but pleasure. He had released a torrential downpour of wonderful relaxation. He was stunned he could go from such intense misery to such all-consuming joy in such a short amount of time, but he had. His mind went totally blank. There was nothing but moaning, and relief, and so much peeing… It was so—

The door creaked open. “Wha—What are you doing!?”

Emmett turned his head slightly, trying to cut off his stream. He managed to stop peeing for about a second, but then his gushing flow returned at full-force. He moaned once again, completely involuntarily. “Ahhhh…”

Earlier, when he’d been considering potential people who may show up and get him out of here, he’d completely forgotten the night janitor… The man who would DEFINITELY come to this closet eventually…

He tried to stammer out an apology, but found his mouth was welded shut with embarrassment and nervousness. All he could do was finish peeing… Which, he did a few seconds later, one last shiver working its way up his spine. He zipped up and hunched his shoulders over. His heart was racing again now, his ears were ringing, and he couldn’t quite remember how to breathe. Again, he was on the verge of a panic attack.

He was going to be expelled for this, for sure. He’d have to tell Dad that he got kicked out of school because he couldn’t hold his bladder and had vandalized school property. He tried to take a deep breath, but instead it just got caught in his throat, and now it felt like his lungs were going to explode instead of his bladder.

“What are you even doing here?” the janitor asked.

Emmett launched into a breathless, rambling and difficult to follow explanation as to what had transpired. “I’m really sorry, I didn’t want to, but I had to, and I know I shouldn’t have, but I couldn’t help it, and I couldn’t get out, and—“

“Slow down,” the janitor said. “You’re not in any trouble right now. I just want to know why this happened.”

Emmett was finally able to breathe at least a little bit. “Devon locked me in here after a teacher asked us to get something, and I… I didn’t want to do THAT in the bucket, I promise. I’ll pay for a new one, I’m sorry. Please don’t expel me.”

“I can’t expel students to begin with,” the janitor said. “But, I will be reporting this to the principal. Not you,” he quickly added at the panic on Emmett’s face. “But this other student. And I can clean the bucket out, that’s the kind of thing they pay me for. Is anyone at your house right now that can come pick you up?”

“I don’t know,” Emmett said. “What time is it?”

“A little after six.”

A little after six. Emmett had been locked in that closet for over three hours… “Yeah, my Dad should be home by now. He’s probably really worried.”

“Go to the office and call him,” the janitor said. “You’re not in any trouble. This wasn’t your fault.”

Emmett felt better at those words. But, he still couldn’t stop thinking about the floors being mopped with a bit of the residue left over from his pee. “You can get the bucket extra clean, right?”

“Of course I can, that’s my job. Don’t worry about it, no one else is going to find out this happened.”

