Excerpt from Desperation Games, vol 1

Author: citrine

*000*2012-08-28 21:37

This is an excerpt from my brand new watersports ebook, Desperation Games (vol 1). Here's a plot synopsis of the story:

Eric can't help it: being desperate to pee turns him on, and he's dying to play hold it with the girl of his dreams. But he's afraid if he reveals his secret kink, Tami will leave him.

When a long date strains Tami's bladder control, Eric's reaction to her squirming makes her realize he wants to see her wet herself. Does she love him enough to accept him as is, watersports fetish and all?

Chapter One is below. It's my first time publishing any of my writing on this topic. :) I hope you enjoy it!

- Citrine

###

I waited too long.

"Eric," Tami whispered. "Let's go inside."

He smiled, dipped his head to brush noses with her. His spiky black hair tickled her forehead. "But it's so nice out here."

Tami couldn't help smiling back. Like every evening she'd spent with Eric in the last few months, this one had been perfect. Holding hands across the table at an Italian cafe that smelled of sweet basil and rich olive oil. Snuggling into his embrace at the theater while they half-watched a stupid comedy and whispered snarky comments to each other. A leisurely walk home, with a detour through the garden in his backyard to admire the rainbow of new blooms. She'd been admiring a camellia tree when he kissed her, and somehow that kiss had turned into another, and another, until they were both panting.

The only problem was that Tami hadn't stopped to use the bathroom at the theater, certain she'd be fine until they made it back to his house. Now, more than an hour later, the soda she'd drunk during the movie seemed to have hit her bladder in a sudden rush. Why do I always get myself into these awkward situations? It wasn't the first time she'd been caught out like this. If she'd gone to a movie by herself, she'd have used the toilet before leaving the theater. But on a date, it seemed rude to make him wait when she didn't have to go much. Of course, it seemed even ruder to insist on a pee break while they were necking, but it hadn't occurred to her at the theater that they wouldn't go straight to his place.

"Let's g—"

Eric kissed her again, swallowing her protests. Moaning, she shifted her weight from one foot to the other and pressed her thighs more tightly together. The burning ache of her bladder mixed with the pleasure that shimmered through her as his tongue stroked hers and his fingers kneaded her hips.

His arms tightened around her, pulling her closer. His erection dug into her belly, and the sudden pressure sent a spike of agony through her bladder. She pushed against his chest. "Eric!"

"What?"

A spurt of hot liquid soaked into the crotch of her panties. Oh god, I'm leaking! She twisted as she struggled to control her bladder. Eric's response was to hug her tighter, cupping her bottom and molding her to him. She shuddered. "Eric, let go!"

He released her just as she squirted again. She barely managed to stop the flow by crossing her legs and bending forward. Her cheeks burned with shame. She wasn't panting with excitement now, but with the effort of controlling her bladder. She closed her eyes, not wanting to see the expression on his face while he watched her struggle for control. "I'm so embarrassed."

"Don't be. You're cute when you need to pee."

* * * * *

Eric froze as soon as the words were out of his mouth. Why the hell did I say that? He was usually so careful. But the realization that she'd been struggling to control her bladder while they made out was so intoxicating he hadn't thought before he opened his mouth.

She seemed as frozen as he was, her mouth half open, her blue eyes wide with shock behind her wispy blonde bangs. "What?"

He was sure that was horror he was hearing beneath the whisper. Or revulsion. Or just plain disbelief -- which would morph into horror and revulsion soon enough.

Way to go, Eric. You've ruined everything.

She suddenly unfroze, uncrossing her long legs and then crossing them again as she blew a whoosh of air out through pursed lips. He let the image burn itself into his memory. It was probably the last one he'd have of her. His dick, which had been almost painfully hard while they'd been making out, sagged as humiliation sent the blood trickling back to other parts of his body.

His last memory of her, totally and deliciously desperate, and he couldn't even enjoy it.

"What do you mean, cute?" she asked when she could straighten again. She wasn't trying to hide her discomfort now, openly jiggling one leg, then the other. "Are you teasing me?"

Would she forgive him if he said yes? Ha ha, just kidding, of course I was teasing you about the fact that you're obviously in need of a monster pee. His stomach roiled with despair. But he couldn't think of anything else to say.

"Eric?" she said uncertainly. "Are you serious?"

He nodded reluctantly.

"You like it when I need to..." The pink in her cheeks got pinker. "...to pee?"

He nodded again. Braced himself for the explosion. How dare he? What kind of perverted garbage is this? He'd heard it before—in college, when he'd made the mistake of admitting his preference to his long-term girlfriend, Anne. After she dumped him, Anne had told all of their friends what a freak he was.

But Tami didn't explode. She was quiet for a moment, except for the increasingly-frantic shuffle of her feet. Then she said, tentatively, "You're into watersports?"

Why isn't she freaking? "You know what watersports are?"

"I do have an internet connection." She hissed and wrapped one leg around the other, her perfectly-curved ass bobbing up and down several times. She shuddered, her eyes rolling back in her head. "I have to go. Right. Now."

She was so distracted by her bladder that she couldn't think about anything else. That was why she wasn't furious. Once she'd used the toilet, the fireworks would start. I'm such an idiot. He gestured toward the house. "After you."

When she threaded her fingers through his, he was so surprised he couldn't move.

"Hurry," she squealed, dancing from side to side and tugging on his hand. "I'm about to flood my jeans."

The blood slammed into his groin with such force that his cock ached. They'd only gone about three steps when she froze, huffing several times while she bent over crossed knees. Was that a tiny wet spot in the crotch of her jeans?

She shimmied those curvy hips of hers frantically. "I'll never make it."

Eric's mouth went dry. She was going to break up with him, but it was going to be the best breakup he'd ever suffered through. Please let her wet herself. Just a little. Give me that before I lose her. "Want me to carry you?"

"No. Yes." She screwed her eyes shut for a minute, then opened them wide. And started jumping up and down. "No. I don't think I can hold it if I have to be still."

His dick jerked, swelling impossibly and throbbing double-time along with his heart. She had to pull on his hand to get him moving again.

She hobbled toward the door like a geisha, apparently unable to part her knees for even a second. They were only ten feet from the back porch, but it was taking forever to get there. He was having a hard time walking too, for a completely different reason. His dick was straining against his jeans, apparently hogging all the blood in his body.

She stopped when they reached the steps, moaning as she bent completely over, grabbing her pussy with both hands. "I have to go so bad."

Eric made a choking sound, covering it by jamming his hand into his pocket, groping for his keys. That was bad, as it tightened the fabric over what felt like the biggest hard-on he'd ever had in his life. He was shaking by the time he managed to drag his keys out of the pocket.

Tami ran to join him. She bent in half again when she reached the door, one hand on the knob. Her thighs were in constant motion, rubbing back and forth against each other. Every few seconds she hopped up and down.

I'm going to come in my pants before I even get the door open.

"Oh God, give me the key," she squeaked.

He handed it over and she shoved it into the lock, twisting it violently and yanking the door open, all the while running in place. He was so excited that his breathing had gone ragged and irregular, and his heart seemed to be pounding in his throat.

Tami dashed into the house, heels clattering on the tile floor. He sagged against the doorframe, one hand absently massaging his cock. It was over. She'd pee her brains out, and as soon as she could think straight, she'd leave. He'd never see her again.

But he'd remember this day for the rest of my life.

"Hey!" Tami's voice was loud, even all the way out here. She had to be yelling at the top of her lungs for him to hear her so clearly. Assuming she'd made it to the bathroom.

Maybe she hadn't made it. He imagined her standing in a puddle in the hallway, her tight jeans streaked dark, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. His entire body went rigid with wanting her.

"Hey!" she yelled again, her voice shaking like she was caught in an earthquake. "Don't you want to watch?"

* * * * *

Tami groaned as she unbuttoned her jeans with one hand and clutched her crotch with the other. Unbelievable. Who'd have thought that her perfect boyfriend had a secret fetish?

So weird.

But she loved him. Eric was smart, and thoughtful, and funny. She'd never met a man who understood her so completely. All he had to do was smile at her and she spent the rest of the day walking on air.

And the sex was amazing. The first time she'd slept with Eric, she'd discovered that multiple orgasms were not a myth.

How much hotter would it be if she gave him what he wanted?

It's not the craziest thing I've ever done for love...

"Hey!" she yelled. "Hey, don't you want to watch?"

Another wave of agony crashed through her. She crossed her legs tight, squeezing her thighs together until they cramped. She inched her jeans down past her hips. To get them all the way down, she was going to have to uncross her legs. But the second she uncrossed her legs, she was going to start peeing. Her whole body vibrated with the strain of holding it in. The walk to the back porch had been torture, and she'd leaked twice more before she'd gotten inside. She'd soaked the crotch of her satiny blue panties, and made twin wet spots on the insides of her denim-clad thighs.

She heard a mad scramble down the hall, and suddenly Eric was there in the doorway, his mouth agape, his eyebrows so high they were scrunching up his forehead. His erection formed a thick ridge next to the zipper of his jeans. If she hadn't been in such agony she would have laughed.

As it was, all she could do was stand here and hyperventilate. She'd never had to pee so bad in her entire life.

But still, she hesitated.

Just do it, she told herself. He's already seen you naked, plenty of times. And it's not like it's a secret that you go to the bathroom.

"You don't have to--" Eric stammered. "I mean, it's not-- If you want--"

Adorable. Her remaining reservations fled, chased away by his willingness to give her an out. She swallowed her embarrassment and forced herself to look him in the eye.

"Took you long enough." Her bladder convulsed, pushing another spurt of hot liquid out into her underwear. "I'm about to burst."

The waist of her jeans bunched around her bottom, and the crotch had caught where the tops of her thighs crossed. She'd have to sit as fast as she could and hope she could slide her jeans out of the way before they got too wet.

Eric was staring at her like he was afraid he was hallucinating. She had a sudden, terrifying moment of doubt. What if he'd been kidding? What if he was appalled that she'd taken him seriously?

Too late to stop now.

Her pelvic muscles, burning with the strain of holding it for so long, began to flutter convulsively. There was no way she could wait any longer. In one swift movement, she uncrossed her legs and ripped her pants down as she sat. There was a loud spattering sound as her muscles gave way and the first fat drops of urine splatted against the back of her jeans. Then the fabric was out of the way and the hiss of the stream echoed loudly off the tile walls. The muscles in her belly and thighs relaxed, and she felt a warm buzzing everywhere that had been spasming only moments before. She wanted to howl with joy, it felt so good to finally pee. So good, it was almost sexual.

Eric stared at her, his chest heaving like he'd been running. "Open your legs."

She did, and the sexiest smile she'd ever seen lit up his face. He looked like he was about to cream his jeans.

A different type of relief filled her. He hadn't been kidding. Seeing him so turned on sent fingers of arousal winding through her. She should have been embarrassed, but she just felt...

...good.

When the fierce stream finally slowed to a splashy trickle, she sighed happily. "Have you ever done that before?"

Eric shook his head. He seemed unable to speak.

"Did you like it?"

He made a chuffing noise and nodded.

The next thing she knew, they were in the shower. Somehow he'd gotten her jeans untangled from her ankles. Somehow he'd gotten his cock free of his pants. Somehow he was pounding into her as he crushed her against the cold tile wall. Breathless, she clung to him as he pushed deeper, searching for the angle that drove her crazy. He found it.

"Make me come," she begged.

He did. Then he did it again. And again.

It was only after, when her throat was sore from screaming and her body too dreamily limp to do more than lean against the wall where he'd set her down--it was only then that he spoke.

"No one's ever done that for me," he said, resting his forehead against hers. "Thank you."

"You don't need to thank me. But I think we need to talk."

His face went blank, except for the jumping of the muscles in his jaw. "What do you want to know?"

"What you like." She smiled shyly. "So I'll have a better idea for next time."

Desperation Games (vol 1) by Citrine

Amazon: http://tinyurl.com/8htnq9p

Smashwords: http://tinyurl.com/8uyucvp

*002*2012-08-30 21:56

Thanks for the honest feedback, livingbylies! :) If you don't mind my asking, could you point me toward a story that you feel is a good example of the kind of conflict you're looking for in your fiction?

Regards,

Citrine

*004*2012-08-31 03:45

Thanks for the clarification. :) I'll ponder potential external conflicts as I write future stories.

I'm a scifi fan too. Can hardly wait for the next Dr Who to become available on DVD!

