Dog for a Day - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*025*2016-04-14 01:54

{{: 

Looks like I'll be skipping a chapter or two.

}}

No full on sex. That would be…just as uncomfortable for me to write about as it would be for you to read.

I Give My Word to Stop at Third XD

*028*2016-04-18 20:55

{{: 

This is incredibly good.

As another big Wanko ot Kurasou fan, I'm really enjoying this series and eagerly looking forward to the next chapter

}}

Do you have any idea idea how much you scared me? XD I was just like crap crap crap someone reported this XD

Thank you very much! That really means a lot to me ^^ WTK was a really fun game. I normally avoid anything furry with a passion, but that picture of Mikan looking out of the box was so cute I couldn't help myself.

I made this as a more fetishy counter part to the Sphere story. I let family and friends read the other one, so I have to keep it toned down, but this one I can be as weird and pervy as I want ^^

*029*2016-04-25 09:59

Jeremy must have seen the worried look on her face. He smiled and patted her head. Her? Heat? Didn’t that just mean she’d get a period? What was all this talk about mating her? Was he going to pimp her out? Turn her into some kind of puppy mill? Could she even get pregnant in this game? She had a gut feeling it was high on the list of possibilities.

“How will I know she wants to…?” Jeremy asked. He let his sentence remain unfinished. He looked about as uncomfortable as she felt.

“Ah, well, there’s a few signs you can be on the lookout for- that is if she doesn’t outright come to you for help.” The vet said. She looked at him skeptically. Did he really think she’d just drop her clothes and say, “take me now?” She doubted anything this game could throw at her would make her beg for sex. Sex was dirty. And disgusting. And painful. But wasn’t that the point of these games? To change that line of thinking…

“She’s a shy one.” Jeremy said, “I don’t think she’d tell me if she was ready. She hardly talks at all.”

The vet replied with, “Then I’d work with her on her communication skills. Anthro puppies are more dog than human at this stage. Instincts tend to take the wheel, especially while in heat.”

Jen frowned. This was not what she wanted to hear. It was hard enough controlling the animal within her. Now she was going to be even more of a raging bitch than usual on her period? Given her state, the irony was not lost on her.

“You can expect to see things such as flagging, or grinding against objects.” Jen blushed and tried to picture herself scissoring the leg of a table. Should she buy it dinner first? Should she light some candles? She imagined herself under the table at Jeremy’s apartment, glass of red wine in hand, raising it up in toast to the furniture appendage she was about to know intimately.

“What is flagging?” Jeremy asked.

“Flagging is when a female dog signals with her tail that she wants to mate.” The vet explained. ”Instead of hanging down like it is now, he tail will rise up when aroused, much like a female version of an erection.” Wait, seriously? She was going to get a tail boner? “When you see the symptoms, it’s best to take the patted shorts off and let her- or you- relieve her. Anthro dogs who suppress these urges for too long tend to be irritable and violent. I’ve had to put Anthro’s down for attacking children, much like you’d put down a regular dog.”

Jen let out a whimper. So that was the games bad ending. Euthanasia.

“Don’t worry, girl, I won’t let that happen.” Jeremy said. “Is there anything else? Markings just a male thing, right?”

“Not for an anthro in heat. It’s one of the reasons for poor bladder control. They have a habit of becoming possessive of their territory.”

Great, so she was going to become a jealous bitch too.

“As a rule of caution, if you plan to stimulate her, always use your hands.” The vet said.

Maybe it was just the way the vet said it that piqued his curiosity, but Jeremy made the mistake of following up with a, “why?”

“There’s something I need to show you.” He dug in his drawers for a minute before retrieving a book. He handed it to Jeremy, who took one look at the front page and immediately handed it back. The color drained from his face, which left him looking a ghostly pale. One of his hands hovered protectively over his crotch. Whatever he had seen; it wasn’t pretty. “Always remember fingers first. Anthro’s are not personnel sex toys, if they aren’t in the mood or have had enough, they will lash out.”

Jeremy let out a weak laugh, “Wouldn’t mind loosing a finger in comparison.” Jen grimaced. She had a feeling he had seen some, “not in the mood” injuries to some family jewels.

The vet made a list of things he should buy at the pet store and handed it over. “Sorry about the shock, but it gets the point across.” Jeremy nodded. He still didn’t look too good, but he thanked the vet anyway.

“Better than learning the hard way.” He said. The vet then took something out of a bag and handed it to her. She looked it over. It was white and spongy, kind of like the pads. “Need some help?” She looked at Jeremy before shyly nodding. He unfolded the material and slid her legs in one by one though the holes, before pulling them up the rest of the way. She grimaced and yelped at a sharp pain on her backside. He apologized profusely when he realized he had put them on her backwards and had pinched her tail. After getting them on the right way, he stuck his hand in the back and fed her tail through the opening.

“It’s a good idea to remind her to relieve herself out side of the shorts when she can. These are to keep furniture dry in case she gets excited.” He explained. “Being lazy with toileting habits can lead to further weakening of her bladder and will make recovery more difficult when her cycle is over.”

Jen looked away as she rolled her eyes. She was getting annoyed with him talking over her head like she wasn’t even there. Like she’d purposefully use these things anyway- game or not.

She was glad they were leaving. Her mood was less than ideal. She had even slapped Jeremy’s hand away when he tried to help dress her. When the vet brought up obedience training, she briefly considered making him a subject for a new issue of Dick Injury Illustrated, but thought better of it when the word Euthanasia flashed through her head. Sure, she could always restart the game, but she attached to the way things were. She wanted to see how things played out. Not to mention the emotional turmoil being, “put down” would cause.

Jen tried to remind herself to calm down. It was most likely just the game messing with her emotions again. She was irritable and ornery, but who wouldn’t be after getting a thermometer shoved up their ass? Jeremy seemed to sense her mood, as he let her sit quietly in the car.

When they got to the pet store, he opened her door and put on her leash. This was one of the last places she wanted to be. Would she have to face that clerk again? A brief thought flashed through her mind. Was he returning her? Had she gone too far? She shook the thought from her head. She hadn’t even done anything. Calm down. We’re here to get supplies.

“Sorry, I have to take you in with me, it’s illegal to leave anthro’s unattended in cars. Otherwise I’d let you lay down for a bit. I know you’re not feeling yourself right now.” She nodded, appreciative that he wasn’t angry with her. She was feeling off. Her face was flushed. He put a cool hand to her forehead. He frowned. She must still be running a fever. “We’ll be quick, I promise.”

He unbuckled her, carried her into the cool air-conditioned store, and set her in the child seat in the basket. He tied the end of her leash to the handle bar before making his way down the aisle. As soon as the sliding glass doors had opened smells of all kinds assaulted her nose. Dog food, dog urine, dogs, just to name a few. On a normal day she’d be fighting her way out of the seat to investigate, but today she simply rested her head in her hands.

She heard Jeremy ask a question to someone about brands. She lifted her head, relieved to see a different clerk than before standing in the red smock. An NPC girl in her late teens smiled at her. Jen saw her nametag, but the letters made no sense to her. Dogs couldn’t read after all, she figured. She wasn’t really listening to their conversation, she just wanted to go home and take a nap. She debated logging out, but the idea of going back to work seemed even less appealing. She’d just be feeling like crap the next time she logged in. Might as well play it through.

She heard them both laugh. She looked up to see Jeremy smiling. What was he so happy about? She followed his gaze to the clerk. They were chatting about something not even pet related. The sight made her even more irritable. She growled to get his attention.

“Right, sorry.” He said with a sympathetic smile. “She’s feeling off. She’s a little moody right now.” He whispered the last part, but her sensitive ears still heard it clear as day.

“Ah, I think I understand.” The clerk said. “Did you get her here? There’s another anthro puppy in another aisle that looks just like her. Might be a sibling.”

With his interest piqued, Jeremy thanked her and pushed the cart down the aisles in search of the mystery sibling. As bad as she felt, she couldn’t keep her tail from wagging when she made eye contact with one of her clones. It was like looking in a mirror.

“Awe, isn’t that adorable?” The owner of the other anthro said when Jeremy parked his cart next to hers so the puppies could say hello. “What’s her name? This one’s name is Brenda. A gift from my husband. ”

“Jenny,” he said. “a gift to myself. I hadn’t planned on getting a dog that day, but when I passed by, she was lying in the window all alone and I knew I had to have her.”

Jen let their owners talk while she checked out her “sibling.” They sniffed each other for a minute before Brenda broke into a grin. “You’re the one who peed on my masters daughter.” Jen blushed. “It’s okay, I don’t like her either.” Jen looked up expecting her to get scolded, but it seemed as if they hadn’t heard her at all. “We speak our own language; it’s ok.” Jen remembered hearing the desperate plea of the German shepherd. Was she speaking dog?

“I had to go to the vet today.” Jen said to test out her voice. She didn’t stutter or stumble at all. In fact, it seemed as if she could speak normally to other dogs. Brenda cringed in sympathy and spoke of her own tale. She said her master had made another appointment to get her, “fixed.” She wondered aloud what about her was broken. Jen didn’t have the heart to break it to her. She looked up and caught the tale end of their masters conversations.

“…Poor things been going through heat.” The lady said. “Once her cycles over I’m getting her fixed. I don’t plan on breeding her and Brenda here’s been humping everything- moving or not.” Jenny caught the deep blush that spread over her siblings face.

“Mommy!” She whined. Jen doubted the credibility of the game. It really sounded like a male problem, but the designer probably thought I’d be a good idea so whatever.

The woman ignored her complaints and kept talking. “What do you plan on doing with Jenny?”

“I was planning on letting her go through a few cycles and see how it goes. She hasn’t gone into heat yet, but when I took her to the vet today he said she was close. She’s running a fever and not quite herself today.” Jeremy explained. Jenny sighed. She supposed she’d have to get used to being talked about instead of to.

“Sounds like it will hit tonight. That’s how Brenda was the day before. She’s been such a handful ever since. If she’s not humping an object she’s peeing on it. We use a squirt bottle whenever we catch her doing one or the other.” Jeremy frowned.

“So then how do you help with her…umm…urges?” He asked out of curiosity,

“We don’t. She’ll live until we get her fixed next week.”

“I should’ve peed on her kid too.” Brenda mumbled. “This is the worst! It’s so hot and ugh! She’s got me in these stupid tape on diapers I can’t take off!”

“What’s it feel like?” Jenny asked.

“The diapers?” Jenny shook her head. “Oh that, it’s like an itch you can’t scratch! And these stupid things only make it worse!” She leaned in closer. “Try the corner of a coffee table when it hits.” Jen cocked her head to the side in confusion, but was startled by the women putting her face in hers.

“Now you be good for your daddy and stay out of trouble.” Daddy? She looked up at Jeremy. She hadn’t thought of him like that before.

She had never known her own father- as a person or a dog. She was the product of “civic responsibility” the politically correct term for rape. She never knew her farther. Didn’t want to. Her relationship with her mother had always been strained as a result of her coming to be. She never made it a secret how Samantha was conceived. She had a feeling she resented her for it. Maybe that’s why she liked the game so much. It felt good to be loved. Jeremy had a parental way about him, and he really did treat her like a daughter, but then again, what did she know about that. Daddy…It had a nice ring to it.

When they got back into the car after loading the bags in the trunk, Jeremy sat in silence deep in thought. “What you saw in there was the exception; not the rule.” He said after a moment of silence. She hadn’t the slightest idea what he was talking about. “Jenny,” he said turning to look her in the eye. “When the time comes, don’t be afraid to do what you need to. I would never expect you- or want you- to suppress it. I don’t care if you hump my leg if that’s what it takes, I would never punish you or squirt you with a water bottle. If your dog side comes out and takes over; that’s ok. It’s part of who you are. I don’t expect you to be one or the other.”

“Your leg?” Jenny asked with a grin. They both giggled before Jen let out a yawn.

“Let’s get you home.”

*032*2016-04-27 00:20

Samantha blinked in surprise as her senses tried to grasp what had happened. It took her a second to realize where she was. Last she knew Jeremy had laid her down in his bed for a much needed nap. It seemed getting a thermometer shoved up a crevice where no thermometers been before had a way of emotionally and physically draining a person- or dog.

Now she lay on the less than comfortable “cushioned” table at the Sphere center. She could tell where she was even in the darkness. She recognized the unpleasant smell of the helmets- a mixture of sweat, disinfectant, lice remover, and just a dash of teenage hopelessness. The room still spun as her equilibrium tried to catch up- a sign of being manually logged out from the outside.

She felt the wires being pulled from the base of her neck. Not a painful feeling, but an uncomfortable pinch. The helmet was removed as her eyes were met with the blinding glare of the lights above her, instead of a dark room that was supposed to help with the transition. Whoever was unplugging her was breaking every rule. She wanted to groan when Tom’s head came into view, of course it was him. If it was her she’d be written up in the blink of an eye.

“Sorry I had to log you out.” He said. He wore on odd expression. His blue eyes were full of worry. His lips were turned in a tight frown. “Someone from the governments looking for you.”

Her heart froze for a second, before it began to thump at an increased rate. What would they want from her? Nothing good came of surprise visits from government officials-especially as a female. The last inspection had left her in tears. While not illegal for a woman to work, it was frowned upon in the eyes of the government. She didn’t fancy herself a conspiracy theorist by any means, but there was a nagging suspicion in the back of her mind. The purpose of her getting so many “inspections” over the last year was purely to break her spirit. She had come to the conclusion the hard way nothing she did would ever be good enough.

She was under their microscope as they looked for any reason to fire her just so they could replace her with a male counterpart. It had been a great job, until she turned of age. Once she turned 18 a switch had been flipped. Now she was a blip on their radar as they circled overhead like a hawk waiting to swoop in the moment she took one toe out of line. And Tom wondered why she was such a hard ass.

“Why don’t you deal with them?” She hissed. She slowly pushed herself up as the room spun.

“They requested you by name.”

She swore under her breath. “Well, what do they want?”

“I think he’s from the drafting office.”

Her stomach tightened. Acid rose in her throat that wasn’t from the vertigo. The drafting office was every girl’s worst nightmare. It was something parents hung over their heads in an attempt to make them behave. Boys were threatened with the boogieman; girls were threatened with the draft. Panic overtook her in the blink of an eye. Sam had no idea the truth to the rumors, but just the word draft was enough to put her on edge.

The female draft had no affiliation to the military; it was government run matchmaking service. A drafting for marriage. The only “matchmaking” they did was pairing males with females. It didn’t matter if there was a 30 year age difference; it didn’t even matter if you’d never met before. Once you were in the system, you were assigned a partner. No if’s and’s or butt’s. All sales were final. With rumors flying left and right of forced registration of single females over 18- a category she just happened to fit to a T- she’d rather be thrown into a closet with the boogieman than face whoever was out there waiting for her.

She eyed the window and tried to calculate her percentage of a successful escape as she debated making a run for it. She doubted she’d get very far in the snow.

“You’d better go, Sam, he looked pretty serious.” Tom said. There was a hint of sympathy in his eyes.

“What do I do?” she asked. Her voice rose and cracked with fear. Her butt was glued to the table. She could practically hear the wedding bells as an organ played, “Here Comes the Bride.” It was like nails on a chalkboard. She had never been so scared in her life. He seemed lost in thought for a moment, but his eyes suddenly shone. “What? What is it?” Sam begged. She launched herself off the table and gripped his arms. “Tell me you have an idea!”

“Well, it’s not a very good idea, but we could pretend to be getting married.” He said. He shook his head, “No, that’ll never-“

“Yes, please! Would you please? It could work! Pretend to be my fiancé!” she looked up at him with large desperate eyes. Could this slacker- no this man- really be her salvation? Would he of all people really do something so selfless for her? Bless this beautiful man!

“Well, I suppose I could, but you owe me.” He offered his arm to her and she took it. She was glad to have him to lean on as her legs wobbled more and more the closer she got to the lobby, each step taking her closer to her doom.

She took a deep breath as he opened the door revealing a man in the lobby. He wore a grey business suit with matching tie. His appearance was clean-shaven and his posture was so perfect he could balance a glass of water on his head and not spill a drop. Everything from the way he dressed to the way he held himself screamed professional. She knew he was important before he even opened his mouth.

Her nerves got the best of her when his blue eyes gave her an icy cold stare. She blurted out, “Have you met my fiancé, Tom?” She nudged him forward a step. He nodded his head, but his demeanor remained unchanged. Did he not believe her? Could he see past her lie so easily? Her lunch was rising in her throat. She had to do something.

“I’m Agent Cook from the-“ She couldn’t do this! He was looking right at her just waiting for her to spill the beans. How much time would she get for lying to an officer? She couldn’t go to jail! She had to convince him! It was now or never! She spun Tom around and nearly knocked him over with a forceful and awkward kiss. She had to make this believable; her life was on the line! Five seconds passed. Now ten seconds. She couldn’t breath. His mouth tasted of day old taco’s. She broke it off when the agent cleared his throat. Poor Tom looked shell shocked.

“He’s my fiancé,” Sam blurted out again.

“Yes, I heard you. Congratulations.” He said, in a deadpan voice. “Now as I told your fiancé, I’m Agent Cook from the Sphere Protection Program. I’m here to walk you through the pod set up for the cadet you’ll be hosting here.“ Sam stared at him blankly as her jaw hung slightly ajar.

“You-You’re not from the draft office?” She sputtered out. He shook his head as the corners of his mouth twitched upwards in a slight smirk. She could hear Tom let out a snort of laughter as he covered his mouth with his hand. “Will you excuse us a minute?” She asked with a fake grin plastered on her face. She pushed Tom in the back without another word.

“YOU ASSHOLE!” A loud hollow smack echoed throughout the other wise empty center. “I HOPE YOU ROT IN THE 9TH GATE OF HELL!” The man sat in silence and listened to the crashes of items being thrown before the two returned. Sam held her throbbing palm in her hand as she apologized for the wait. A bright red palm print stretched across Tom’s face as he hung his head in shame.

*035*2016-04-27 03:50

{{: 

*SPOILERS FOR THE SPHERE ANS PRESUMABLY FOR THIS, READ ONLY IF YOU'RE UP TO DATE*

So, since we made it this far, and Becca is coming, then it's only six days until they die. We're probably going to see how it happened, and who knows, maybe some intersting details will be revealed, which will help clarify some plot points in Becca's storyline. Namely, we may discover who did it, and confirm they were from the SPP.

}}

…I …also have to figure out who did it… ^^;

And here I promised this would be an omo-centric story.

… That moment when you meant to write fetish fiction and accidentally wrote a novel about standing up for women's rights… *shakes head*

*036*2016-05-11 09:12

(The explicit chapter)

That mother fucking shit for brains asshole! If I knew I wouldn’t get fired I’d punch him right in the nuts!

Samantha glared at him as she mumbled under her breath. She led the way into the back room where the pod was stored for the cadet. Tom stayed behind nursing his cheek.

Samantha and Agent Cook entered the back room. Wired and cabled of different sizes and colors were splayed across the floor. They stepped over a grouping of them as they stood in front of the white pod. Agent Cook looked it over inside and out. He gave her the rundown of what was about to happen. She had been chosen of all the employees to care for the cadet during their time here. Sam’s jaw nearly dropped when he told her the news. He was entrusting her with that kind of responsibility? Why? Weren’t they trying to get rid of her?

She was grateful, sure. Here was an opportunity to prove herself. Or a reason for them to fire her. Females were not given positions of authority. Females were not given responsibility. Females were told to run along home and play homemaker.

He seemed to pick up on her hesitancy.

“The cadet you will be hosting here will also be female.” He said something else, but it went over Sam’s head. She was still in shock. The cadet was a girl? They were letting a girl become a solder? This was…great! How awesome! This could mean things were about to change! “We need you to perform the initial check in. Have her strip down, check her body for pre-existing injuries, and take notes. With the faux drug on the market causing real life injuries sustained in virtual reality, we don’t need any law suits.”

He walked her through the steps of the water holding tank, which needed to be flushed every ten hours. Then there were the heart rate monitors. He showed her a button to press in case of an emergency if her heart rate was to fall. And then the biggest responsibility of them all; the time altering drug. The vial he held in his hands was probably worth more than either of their lives, monetary wise. It was all so fascinating. Long term Sphere Dives. She couldn’t imagine staying in virtual reality for an entire year. It was amazing how they could cram a years worth of training in two weeks.

“Do you think you can handle this?” He asked. She nodded her head eagerly. “If anything goes wrong, this is on you. Do you have any idea what would happen to you if you caused the death of government property?” She shrunk back at his stern stare and tone of voice. She had a feeling an arranged marriage would be pleasant in comparison.

She shuddered as she led him back out. She watched him leave out the front door before turning on Tom. He slinked back like a guilty puppy. There were so many things she wanted to say to him. Hell, there were so many things she wanted to do to him! She couldn’t think. She needed space. “Log me back in. You owe me.”

###

Jenny awoke in Jeremy’s bed to the sounds of the television blaring in the next room. She sighed. It was good to be back. This had become her safe haven. Too bad Jeremy wasn’t real, Tom could learn a thing or two from him. She stretched and rubbed the sleep from her eyes before sitting up to find herself sitting on something strange. She pulled the covers back to find herself naked except for a pull up with paw print designs.

The urge to pee hit her so fast she scrambled out bed and dashed for the bathroom only to find it still closed. She danced from foot to foot while holding herself with one hand and knocked on the door with the other.

“You’re up! I was just about to come check and see what you wanted for din- Oh.” He said, taking in her posture. He held out his hand to her and hurried her into the living room. “Remember, the vet doesn’t want you using the pull-ups. They’re only in case of accidents.” She let out a whimper. Why were they in the living room? The bathroom was that way! She looked around for one of the puppy pads to use, but noticed something different in the corner of the room by the couch.

“Since the toilet was too big for you, I thought this might be a better alternative.” She looked at the plastic potty. It was a nice gesture, but why was it out in the living room? He could have put it in the bathroom. She squeezed her legs tighter together as she felt herself beginning to leak. No time to argue. She was about to pull down the garment, but in one motion he had it down and had her seated on the potty before she could even register what happened. Her bladder relaxed as its contents trickled into the bowl below her. Her face grew warm in embarrassment.

She looked up at him with large green eyes when she was done. He smiled and patted her head. Her tail wagged and thumped against the back the plastic bowl. His hand felt so good on her head. He stood her up and cleaned her while she closed her eyes and hugged his leg. She was feeling funny again.

“Uh-oh,” He said, as he pulled her absorbent shorts back up and fed her tail through. She looked up at him, but he said not to worry about it and left to empty the bowl. Jen shrugged and hopped up on the couch and waited for his return. She rested her head on the armrest. She felt like she was in a fog and she could feel the extra warmth from her face radiating heat.

When Jeremy came back he held a basket of clothes in his hands. “I’m going down to the laundry room. Do you want to come or stay here?” She was tired, but the sudden thought of him leaving her had her on her feet. He helped her into a shirt, and started leading the way. She looked down at the exposed pull-up but he told her not to worry about it. Was it weird she was leaving the house in just a shirt and underwear?

No one down stairs seemed to even bat an eye. One lady folding sheets even said she was adorable. Her ears perked up as her tail wagged back and forth. He laughed and stroked under her chin. His touch, while normally awkward but pleasant, suddenly left her skin tingling. She rubbed her face on his hand guiding him to pet her more. Her body was heating up. She held onto his leg while he scratched behind her ears. It felt so good! She wanted him to touch her more, she wanted him to…uh-oh… They locked eyes for a moment. His slight apologetic grin told her he knew what was happening. She looked behind her at her raised tail.

He looked at his bag of half loaded laundry. “Can you wait a few minutes?” She nodded and tried to calm herself down. What in the world had just gotten over her? Her breathing was coming a little harder than before. Her legs fidgeted as she walked in place. What was this feeling? She bent forward slightly and wiggled her legs together. She felt hot and unbearably uncomfortable. A pressure was building, but it was different than having to pee. She whimpered. She didn’t like feeling like this, but the thought of going back to reality was worse.

Jen tried to take her mind off it by watching Jeremy shoveling the rest of the laundry into the machine. He turned a few nobs and added some soap before turning it on. The machine roared to life and shook in place. He looked back at her and frowned. “Do you want me to help?” He whispered. She quickly shook her head in embarrassment. “Do you know what to do?” She shook her head again. She didn’t even know what this was. Was it called heat because she felt so hot? It felt like she was going through some kind of doggie menopause. He waved his hand through his hair as he looked around the laundry room. “How do you feel?”

“Not good.” She leaned into him as he picked her up. She wrapped her arms around him and buried her head in his chest. It felt so good to be in his arms.

“I have an idea, but try to be quiet. I’ll try and hide you.”

“Okay,” Jen mumbled. He set her down on the edge of the shaking washing machine. She let out a yelp in surprise. The movement felt strange at first. She still clung onto Jeremy and he hugged her back. This odd sensation was scary. She squirmed in place, but legs were opening inch by inch. The damp padding was pressing up against her. The sensation inside of her was building with every second. She felt like a pressure cooker ready to blow. Her initial quiet whimpers soon turned into moans.

“It’s okay, I’ve got you.” Jeremy whispered. “I think you’re almost there. Just a little longer.” She didn’t know what there was, but she knew it was coming. Her hips rocked of their own accord with the motions of the machine. The place between her legs was burning! The pressure was too much! Something was going to happen! Her hands curled into fists around Jeremy’s back and dug in. “Don’t be scared. Just let it happen.” She felt her pelvic muscles spasm. She was leaking into the pull up, and she was… she was…

She let out a long, loud howl like a wolf baying at the moon. She panted as her bearings slowly returned to her bit by bit. “Feel better?” He asked as he rubbed her back. She nodded. She did feel better. The pressure was gone, right along with all the fucks she gave about Tom. “Good girl, but we should go now. I think we caused a bit of a scene.” She looked over his shoulder. The room had gone completely silent. With her head clear, she was now very aware that all eyes were on her. She swallowed nervously and hid her head in his neck while he carried her back inside. She was about to drift to sleep in his arms, but was startled awake by the words, “I love you, Sam.”

She stared up at him in shock. If it hadn’t been for her now clear head she would have missed it. Her avatars name was Jen…Sam was her real name!

*039*2016-05-12 05:50

I found this picture of Mikan and it's adorable. Could also work for Jenny and Jeremy ^^

$$

*044*2017-04-23 16:53

{{On 4/20/2017 at 7:30 PM, mikutothe3rd said:

Is this gonna continue? You kinda left us on a cliffhanger...

}}

Eventually I'll finish this and the Sphere. I got a job at the post office last summer and they pretty much run my life now.

