Tied Up Desperation

Author: babyomogirl

*000*2016-02-02 05:34

I tied my little lovely's wrists to an overhead pipe in the basement. She must have been there for at least eight hours when I went down to check on her.

She heard my footsteps down the stairs and her head shot up. I stood at the bottom of the steps and looked at her. She really was cute. Her head came up to my chin, her chestnut brown hair was curly and wild, her wide green eyes were filled with desperation.

My eyes traveled downward. I had stripped her down to her lilac flowery bra and panties so she was comfortable in the heat of the basement. Her soft tummy stuck out more than usual. Her thick thighs were clenched together very tightly. I could tell my lovely needed to pee real bad.

I untied her wrists and her arms fell to her sides, tired from staying up so long. I led my lovely over to the chair where I sat down and placed her on my lap. There she sat at the end of my lap, squirming and leaning forward. It really was a nice view, I could have just stared forever.

But I was hungry for more. So I wrapped my hands around the thighs of my lovely and opened them wide in one swift motion, so that she was straddling my lap. My lovely was not prepared for this. She cried out and her hands dove to press into her pussy.

I pushed her forward so that her ass and pussy were on full display to me. Even with her hands over her crotch I could see a pretty significant wet spot in her panties. The poor girl was wriggling in my lap, her cute ass jiggling as she moved. She was trying so hard not to have an accident.

I pulled her back up into a sitting position and waited for my lovely to regain control of herself patiently.

Once she did, I pulled a water bottle out of my pocket and held it to her mouth. She shook her head and cried out, begging me not to make her drink it. I reasoned with her that it had been several hours since she had drank and that she needed to be hydrated. She locked her lips.

So I put the water bottle down and placed my finger tips on her cute squishy tummy. She flinched. It was sensitive from her swollen bladder. I slowly traced my fingers up and down and she began to writhe in my arms. Then, unexpectedly I began to full on tickle my lovely. Her legs flew up and began to kick out, she was laughing and trying to get away, holding her pussy with one hand and pushing on me with her other.

I asked her if she was ready to drink the water yet. She reluctantly said yes.

I turned my lovely around on my lap so that she was facing me, her pussy pressed firmly on one of my thighs. I gave her the water bottle and watched as she drank the whole thing, stopping every once in awhile to squirm. I watched the desperation on her face as she finished. Her tummy was nice and round now, very swollen.

I bounced my knee up and down and watched the desperation grow on my lovely's face. She was whimpering now, and I could feel wetness on my thigh through my pants. Any second now and she would completely lose control.

I took these last few seconds to press my hands into her lower stomach. Her eyes bulged. Her hands shot down to hold it in but it was too late. My little lovely was wetting herself on me. I felt the warmth spread from my thigh down my calf to my feet. Through the embarrassment I saw relief on my little lovely's face.

