Alice's Desperation

Author: ravenheart30

*000*2014-06-28 13:50

Warning: this story has some erotic scenes in it. Includes tasting of fluid. If you are uncomfortable with that don't read the story.

Alice sat there at the tea party table. Mad Hatter sat on the other side of the long table with his feet propped up on the table drinking tea and just admiring shy Alice that had been hanging out with March Hare.

"March. Can you please go tend to the garden and go check on dormouse and make sure he hasn't fallen asleep anywhere he shouldn't be?"

March got up and smiled at Alice.

"So Alice. Do you like the teas i've offered you?" he asked. His chocolate brown eyes sparkling in adoration for the pale petite blond Alice.

She nodded and put the fifth white tea cup down. she was in a short light blue Alice dress and small white apron. She had a light blue bow in her hair. Her panties were cotton white. She had white stockings and black shoes.

"Let me get you more tea my sweet Alice," he said picking up a purple tea pot and started to pour more strawberry tea into the white tea cup.

"I... think I've had enough."

"Had enough...you know it's not polite to deny tea from hatter."

He saw her cross her legs in a sly shy way. he started to smile. His plan was working.

"Take a few more sips for me Alice," she did slowly from another tea cup. She crossed her legs the other way and leaned forward a little.

"Uncross your legs," he said coming over to the other side of the table.

She did so. She grasped tightly onto the arms of the chair and took a slow deep breath in.

"May I please ... go to the bathroom?"

"No you may not. Where would you pee? You can't pee on the grass. That's a rule from the red queen. She'd have your head if you did that."

"Where... do you pee?"

"I go to the white queens castle..which is quite a walk from here. I must admit there have been a few times me and march have wet ourselves on the way there. by the looks of you right now...I'd say you wouldn't be able to make it." he slowly started to pour tea into another cup. Doing it so slowly so that the sound, sounded like a slow trickle. She closed her eyes.

"Now Alice. A proper lady like yourself wouldn't wet her white panties would she... you'd get your beautiful dress all wet."

She started to try to close her legs again. "Alice... you are a bad girl," he said sweetly and softly. he removed a purple ribbon from the table and proceeded to tie one ankle to one leg of the chair and her other ankle to the other leg so her legs stayed a part a little in a V shape. He stood up and gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. She tried so bad to hold it in through the pleasure of the kiss. He then undid the silken purple ribbon and cleared off space at the end of the table. He patted the table.

"Climb up onto the table."

"If I move hatter I will surely wet myself."

"Hold it in... be a good girl for your mad one."

She whimpered a little as she got up her legs closed together.

"Can I remove your panties?" he asked.

She nodded a little. He rested his hands up the layers of blue frilliness and slowly lowered her damp panties. He checked to make sure the wetness was not pee. He smiled when he realized it wasn't pee. He held her hand and helped her up onto the table. He then grabbed a metal tea pot which was empty.

"Hmmm which tea would I like?" he said. He sat down on the seat in front of her. He moved the tea pot closer to her, "Open your thighs Alice and sit up...I am gonna move the tea pot beneath you."

"I have to go so bad sir," she said in a panicked rush. He ignored her. He trailed his finger tip over the upper edges of the tea packets that were in a box.

"Hmm do I want strawberry, peach, cherry... your cherry... " he said blushing and looking over at Alice, "blueberry... lemon. I think lemon would do."

She put her hand down there to try to stop the sudden urge. Pressing her finger tips up against her body. She concentrated. Tensed her muscles up as much as she could and just breathed. Her thighs were trembling a little. He slid the tea packet down into the tea pot.

"To make a tea that I think would be perfect... you start to pee slowly... soaking the tea packet inside...then I will ask you to stop the flow...and I will add sugar...then you can go the rest of the way. filling the tea pot as much as you can cause I love tea then when I give you permission you may sit beside me."

He sat down and smiled at her, "You may pee Alice. Just a slow drizzle."

She tried but her body was too tense.

"What's wrong Alice? Nervous?"

She nodded a little.

"Just relax," he said softly. He got up and rested his hands on her knees. He gently rubbed the tops of her thighs a little. She let out a soft gasp as she felt a few drips escape. Releasing a bit of pressure from within her pee hole and she winced as her belly area ached slightly from the fullness. The pee drips soaked the little bits of lemon peel and other fragrant contents of the little packet.

"Keep going Alice you don't have to stop yet..." he suddenly heard the ping of the urine hitting the inside of the metal pot. The sound sweet to his ears sending blood down to his thighs. "Perfect. Aw you really had to go... now I need you to stop for me. I know it's hard to do just..there... good hold it...keep holding."

He picked up the sugar cup and the small silver spoon. He saw the desperation on her face. Her closed eyes and hands tight in a fist on her thighs. "You're doing good Alice."

He poured the little bit of sugar into the tea pot. He put the spoon back then put the cup on the table.

"Okay you can," as soon as he started to say that last word she couldn't hold it in anymore. She sighed in relief as the stream came out hard and fast. She didn't care about the sound that was occurring as her urine sprayed against the metal. The sound started to be quieter as the tea pot started to fill up more.

"I can't stop," she whispered. Her body sweating and she felt tired.

"Keep peeing Alice. Good girl sweetie. Release all that you kept inside of you for me. fill the tea pot." when she felt like she couldn't pee anymore she said, "I'm done hatter."

He slowly moved the tea pot forward from under her. He smiled at the light amber colored liquid.

"Good job my sweet Alice."

He hugged her gently.

"Now before I ask you to sit beside me... just want to check something." he picked up a spoon he blew on it gently to warm it up a little.

"If you are wet Alice can you get some wetness on this for me?"

She nodded a little and rubbed the spoon down against her wet skin then slowly dragged it upward, gathering a little bit of white on the end of the spoon .She gave him the spoon and he proceeded to put the sweetness on a tea biscuit and put it on a plate. He stood up and offered his hands to help her down off of the table. Once she had her feet on the ground he put his hands around her waist kissing her gently. She sat beside him and watched shyly as he took a little bite of the biscuit. He smiled and blushed.

"You taste amazing Alice. I don't even need any honey on this which... the guys in Wonderland know I always need honey on my tea biscuits."

She smiled and blushed. he handed her back her panties. She put them on. He poured himself a cup of the warm tea. She watched as he picked up the cup and smiled at her with a wink and then took a sip.

"That tastes really good. just as good as my favorite tea. wait here...I'll put this in the storage area we have. That way the guys don't think it's real tea and accidently drink it. Thank you Alice. I adore you."

He got up and took the tea pot into the storage. He went into a small green building and rinsed his mouth and chose a peppermint to put in his mouth so he could kiss her more. She sat on his lap and snuggled him as they kissed.

*002*2014-06-29 12:29

Thank you for your feedback. :)

*004*2014-06-29 20:54

Awww thank you for your comment. :D i had so much fun writing it.

*006*2014-06-30 19:05

Aw thank you!

*009*2014-07-03 23:43

Aw thank you! :D

*011*2014-07-04 12:09

Thank you for reading it! :D glad you liked it.

