Never Be Late!

Author: MsFortune-Take

*000*2017-06-01 15:39

*Jack's brother, Dylan, vigorously shakes Anthony*

Dylan: Wake up! It's twelve!

Jack: Oh shit! I'm late for class!

*Jack jumped out of bed then threw his clothes as fast as he could, chowed down his breakfast as fast as he could, and jumped in his car and drove to school*

Jack's thoughts: Damn, I was in such a rush to get to school I didn't even pee. Will Ms. Sonny let me? She hates it when students are late, I doubt she'll hate me so much that she'll make me hold it. Man, I've been missing class a lot!

*Jack feels a spurt and he quickly grabs his crotch*

Jack: Damn, why does school have to be so far away?

*He felt his bladder twinge, it was really full, he didn't take a morning pee and he slept until twelve. He was bursting*

Jack: Shit come on car, drive! I really have to pee!

*Jack began to speed down the road but was then stopped by a police car. He groaned and pulled over to the side of the road. The cop took his sweet ass time and slowly got out of the car. Jack grabbed his cock and bounces in his seat like crazy*

Jack's thoughts: Gotta pee, hurry up! Gotta pee, hurry up! Gotta pee, hurry up!

*The cop walked up to the window and looked in. He saw Jack's body language and sighed*

Officer Shipman: I'm officer Shipman, did you realize you were speeding?

Jack: Yes sir, but you see-

Officer Shipman: Why are you so energetic? Are you nervous? Because I think you've got some drugs in your car...

*Jack shook his head and squeezed us cock as hard as he could*

Officer Shipman: So a high-schooler was speeding down the road not in school and he can't sit still, what else am I suppose to assume?

Jack: Officer, I just really need to use the bathroom! *Jack felt another spurt escape as he clenched his muscles again tightly. The officer laughed*

Officer Shipman: Oh, that make sense, I'm sorry for accusing you... you sure look like you're dying to go.

*Jack quickly nods and crosses his legs tightly*

Officer Shipman: Now I believe you and all, but I still need to do a test, so please leave the car.

*Jack groaned and got out, he took the test and scored a positive. The entire time through the test, feeling like he was about to pee all over himself right in front of the officer*

Officer Shipman: Alright, you're good, stay out of trouble.

*Officer Shipman get in his car and drove off, after a painful half hour drive, forty minutes if you count the ticket, he made it to school and ran to class*

Jack: Damn it i am so dead!

*He made it to class after three minutes*

Jack's thoughts: Okay, I just have to hold it for an hour, then class will be over. Ugh, why did i have to come at the start of my second class! I should have went to the bathroom, I'm already late.

Ms. Sonny: Hey, you were late to class again!

Jack: So sorry, Ms. Sonny

Ms. Sonny: You better because you're going to have to redo all the classes you missed, and no lunch! Jack: O-okay

Jack's thoughts: Damn it! I really need to pee!

*He crossed his legs tightly and grabbed his groin with his hand and began writing with the other. Half an hour later, his bladder was getting dangerously full. Jack raised his hand*

Jack: Ms. Sonny...

*He stood up and walked over to her*

Jack: Ms. Sonny, please may I use the bathroom?

*Jack was very shy about this sort of thing. Ms. Sonny gave her a look that could only be described as annoyed.*

Ms. Sonny: You're going to skip my class, then ask to be excused? No way! You can sit down and hold it!

Jack: But miss, I-

Ms. Sonny: No means no, now sit down and do your work!

Jack: Miss, I can't focus on my work, I have to pee far too badly!

*Jack bounced and pressed his legs together tightly. He then crossed them and hunched forward*

Ms. Sonny: Well figure something out! You're not leaving!

Jack's thoughts: Ugh, I'm going to have to wait an hour then redo all my classes. I can't wait that long! I have to pee far too badly! Ms. Sonny is so mean!

*He crosses his legs tightly and bounced up and down in his seat. He rubbed his bladder to feel how full it was*

Ms. Sonny: Is someone about to have an accident?

Jack: Yes, Ms. Sonny

Ms. Sonny: Well too bad, you missed too much school and if you miss another class you'll be kicked out!

*Jack whimpered and wiggled in his seat*

Jack's thoughts: Oh come on come on come on COME ON!

*Jack began to pee a little, he felt the warmth in his hands between his legs and quickly clenched all his muscles. Class ends, and Jack is just about to charge for the bathroom*

Ms. Sonny: Hey, I want to see you in math class, science class, and every class you skipped on this list!

*Ms. Sonny handed Jack a list of classes*

Jack's thoughts: God damn it! I have to pee so freaking badly!

*Jack grabbed himself and pressed his legs tightly against each other as he jumped up and down on the spot*

Ms. Sonny: Stop acting like such a child and get to class!

Jack: I'm sorry Ms. Sonny, I just... I really really REALLY need to use the bathroom! I've held it in all-

Ms. Sonny: I don't care! You're going to math class, right now!

Jack: But please Ms. Sonny, I really-

Ms. Sonny: Right! Now!

*Jack walked to the math class with Ms. Sonny walking right next to him to make sure he didn't skip and went straight to math class. He then walked into the class about to lose it in his pants. He's never held it in this long before, he was born with a tiny bladder, he didn't think he could hold it this long. Jack felt another spurt escape into his hand, he gasped*

Jack: Ms. Sonny, please can I use the bathroom?! I'm about to die!

*Jack crossed and uncrossed his legs rapidly*

Ms. Sonny: Nope, not until all of your classes are done, you should have gotten here on time, then you could have went during lunch!

*Jack groaned, he was embarrassed as hell! Here he was, in high school about to pee all over himself like a kindergartener. He felt a drop came out, then a spurt, then a small stream, then a full on blast like it was out of a water hose. He gave a loud sigh of relief as he felt the warm liquid spread across his legs and down his pants. He felt the crotch of his pants soak as well as his hands between his legs. Jack smiled widely as his bladder finally got the chance to relax after such a tiring day. Jack felt his eyes water as all his problems shoot out of his manhood.*

Ms. Sonny: Oh, so you can't hold it like a child, then I'll be calling your parents about this!

*Jack had to sit in Ms. Sonny's office until Jack's brother, Dylan, came with some new pants. When Dylan came he laughed*

Dylan: Haha, couldn't hold it there buddy?

Jack: Shut up!

*Jack jerked the pants away from Dylan. He red with anger and embarrassment. Here he was, standing in front of his brother with drenched pants because he peed himself like a little kid*

Dylan: That's a big stain, maybe we'll have to put you in diapers

*Dylan laughed until Jack punched him in the arm*

Dylan: Ouch! It's not my fault you're such a baby you can't hold it!

*Dylan began to laugh again as Jack angrily stampeded away, leaving the office. From that day forward, he hated Ms. Sonny* 

