Unlucky Star: Chapter 5 *sexual Content Ahead, Read Tags Inside*

Author: facade

*000*2010-10-01 09:07

Warning Tags:

Omorashi themes - Female desperation and wetting, bed wetting.

Sexual themes - Girl on girl Master/slave punishment, bondage, girl on girl oral sex, finger stimulation, expression of sexual satisfaction, female ejaculation.

Urolagnia themes - being peed on and drinking pee.

Both Kagami and Konata are 18 years of age during this fiction.

The 5th installment of Unlucky Star is finally completed. Let me know of any typos or grammatical errors. Anything that can make the story easier to read and flow better. Enjoy.

###

My eyes opened slowly to a bright light in the middle of the room, causing me to squint before I could fully adjust to their fluorescent beams. My eyesight still blurry from having just woken up, I couldn’t make out the small figure standing next to my bed. I tried to pull my arms up to my face to rub my eyes but my attempts failed as an unknown force was holding them down.

“…ungh…? Wha…?” I wearily muttered as my eyesight and conscience slowly normalized. I momentarily forgot about the other figure in the room and looked over myself, wondering why I was unable to move. I quickly began panicking as I became aware of the source of my limited mobility; I was tied to the bed with ropes, one on each of my wrists and ankles. I flailed my limbs around as fast as could in a desperate attempt at freeing myself from captivity. Realizing that I was bested by the tightly knotted strength of the ropes I screamed out only for my voice to be muffled by a strip of thick cloth that was tied around my head and covering my mouth.

“No one can hear you, and you won’t be able to get out of these ropes.” A familiar voice exclaimed as I quickly looked up at the girl standing next to me. It was Kagamin, standing with a stern look on her face and dressed in a red cammy top, a short black skirt and heals. I stared at her with an inquisitive and worried look in my eyes, wondering if she was the one that put me in these ropes. Kagamin grinned and walked closer to where I was laying then leaned over my head, resting her hands upon her knees.

“Promise me you won’t scream and I’ll take the cloth off and explain why you’re in this situation.” She said in a demanding tone. I nervously nodded my head in agreement as my heart pounded inside my chest at what felt like 100 beats a second. Kagamin smiled and reached her hands behind my head and untied the cloth’s knot. As I started to calm down, I noticed a tingling sensation in my lower abdomen that was telling me that I needed to pee as I always did when I woke up. It was manageable for now; however, I hoped I could get out of these ropes so I could go to the toilet after I found out what was going on. The cloth was removed from my head and I slowly opened my mouth, looking at Kagamin as she set the cloth on my bedside table.

“What’s going on? Why am I tied up, Kagamin?” I nervously asked her as I continued to try and pull myself free. A determined look formed over her face as she spoke to me.

“You’re being punished.” She relentlessly said and my heart sank. I didn’t know what I did to deserve this kind of treatment.

“…Punished? But, why? What did I do?!” I anxiously asked her. I stopped my failing attempts at pulling the ropes off as it wasn’t helping my need to pee which has gotten a bit more urgent.

“I can’t believe you don’t know what you did…” She said looking at me with a hint of shock. I stayed silent, oblivious to what she was referring to.

“You’re telling me that you don’t remember causing the entire school to find out about what happened to me at ComiKet?” She sternly asked. I quickly remembered what she was talking about and became filled with remorse.

“Now everyone knows that I had an accident. Can you imagine how mortified I was at that time? Now I’m constantly going to be reminded of it every day because of your blabber mouth!” She was now more upset than before. I swallowed and felt like my heart sank into my stomach. I never thought that this would have gotten around school like this.

“I… I don’t know what to say… it slipped out and I didn’t think it would get around…” I apologetically said to her. I shifted my weight some as all this talk of pee was increasing my need. It was doubtful that Kagami would let me get up to use the bathroom after hearing what I did to her.

“Well it did. And now you’re going to be punished for your carelessness.” She mercilessly said.

“What do I have to do....?” I curiously asked, trying to get my mind off of my full bladder.

“A better question would be: what am I going to do to you?” She said with a devilish smirk on her face.

“I’ll do anything to make this up to you, but can I just go use the bathroom really quick?” I asked her, hoping she would let me go regardless of what happened to her.

“So that’s why you’re all fidgety. Ha! You seriously think that after what you made me go through, that I’m going to just let you go pee in the toilet? Hell no! You’re going to just have to hold it.” I was disappointed in her answer but I reluctantly agreed and held my bladder muscles together.

“Alright… what are you going to do, Kagamin?” I asked her again.

“Nuh uh uh. You are to refer to me as ‘Mistress Kagami’. For the entire day, you shall be my little sex slave.”

“Sex sla-”

She quickly looked up to me with an angry stare in her eyes.

“…Mistress Kagami… I didn’t know that… you were…”

“What? Attracted to you? I’ve always had a crush on you since I can remember.” She happily said to me as she leaned over my torso, her hands scaled my small breasts over my light blue pajama top. I felt my heart beat faster than before as shivers ran down my spine when she touched me. A quiet moan escaped my vocals through my parted lips.

“Mis... Mistress Kagami…” I quietly said. I’ve never been more humiliated in my life than I was right then. I wasn’t attracted to Mistress Kagami, much less to any girls at all; I was and have always been heterosexual so it came as a surprise to me that Kagami was attracted to me. My urge to pee remained at a constant need, although I could manage it for now, I was still afraid that I might have an accident in front of Mistress Kagami.

“Just relax, slave” She said as she slowly started to unbutton my pajama top. I closed my eyes trying to hold back my tears of embarrassment as soft whimpers of discontent coming from me. I couldn’t do anything but lie there as the cool air hit my bare skin more and more after each button came unfastened and my top was opened, completely exposing my near-flat breasts. By now my need to pee had become more urgent than before and I was struggling to hold it all in without losing control. If only my legs were free I could shut them tight to subside my need, but there was no way of pulling my feet out from the tightly tied ropes.

“You never did blossom that much did you, slave?” Mistress Kagami said, referring to my barely developed chest.

“N... no... Mistress Kagami.” I sheepishly replied as I felt my face blush red, my voice cracking from the pressure in my bladder.

“But I do have to admit…” She positioned herself so that she was now on the bed and straddling over me with her legs on either side of me.

“They are pretty cute, those little pink nipples. They look so delicious!” She seductively said as she leaned her head down to my bare chest and put her mouth around my left nipple. As she licked it with her slick tongue, a strong shiver climbed down my spine and I almost lost control of my bladder.

“Ahhhh…!” I cried out in ecstasy as I arched my back upwards. Mistress Kagami then began to suck on my nipple, causing an even stronger surge to go through my body. My bladder couldn’t take this and I accidentally let a short spurt of pee escape from its tightly shut opening and soak into my panties.

“No! ...st… stop! Mistress Kag… ami! I… I can’t hold it!” I desperately cried out after feeling the warm sensation in my crotch. She didn’t stop, but instead bit down onto my nipple, placed her hand on my right breast and squeezed. An intense wave of pleasure coursed through me and I couldn’t help but allow my bladder’s muscles to retract, allowing a long stream of urine to pour out of my vaginal walls. My panties and the crotch of my pajama bottoms were immediately soaked with pee that saturated the bed under my butt.

“MISTRESS KAGAMI, I’M GOING TO WET MYSELF!” I yelled out as I panicked and pulled muscles back as hard as I could, only to just barely gain back control of my bursting bladder. The pressure was too great to hold it in completely and I leaked out short spurts every couple of seconds as Mistress Kagami finally stopped sucking and looked up to me. I stared into her eyes with a look of desperation and humiliation stemming from the fact that I was going to have an accident any second if she didn’t let me up to use the bathroom.

“P… please. Mistress Kagami. I… I can’t hold… it. I’m… going to lose it… any second.” I pleaded with her as tears crawled down my cheeks. She leaned back from my naked chest, looked down at my crotch and quietly gasped at the wet area of my pajamas and the bed then lightly touched the area with her hand before looking back to me with a grin. Another spurt leaked out into my already soddened panties and dampened her fingers.

“Looks like you’re already wetting yourself, slave. How about we speed up the process a bit?” She flirtatiously said as she leaned back down onto me, her face inching close to mine until we were nose to nose. I felt her breath permeate over my face as she pressed her lips to mine and forcefully kissed me before placing her hand back on my breast. I dared not pull away, but completed the kiss, triggering another stream of pee to join the rest in my panties. I became mortified, knowing that there was no way I was going to hold it all in much longer and that I already had a wet spot on my clothes. Mistress Kagami parted her lips and her tongue pushed my lips open, allowing it to slide into my mouth, and slowly dance with my own tongue.

Reluctantly, I proceeded to counter dance with hers and she let out a soft moan before placing her free hand upon my left knee. Her hand gradually ascended up my thigh to the top of my pajama bottoms and pushed its way down inside of them. It rested on the wet area between my legs over my tight opening and she rubbed her fingers over my wet panties, stimulating me through them. At that very moment, I let out a loud moan and parted from our kiss. Mistress Kagami looked into my eyes and smiled as she pulled aside my panties and pressed her fingers inside of me, eliciting a long torrent of pee to bust out and drip over her hand, but this time, there was no way I could hold back the flow anymore. My floodgates bursted open and all of my pee gushed out like a jet stream, completely drenching Mistress Kagami’s hand and soaking my panties, pajamas and the bed underneath me.

“Oh my, slave. You weren’t kidding when you told me how badly you needed to pee!” She exclaimed as I felt my face go bright red with disgrace, completely mortified about emptying my bladder in front of Mistress Kagami.

“I… I’m sorry… I just couldn’t hold it anymore!” I busted out into tears as I continued to urinate over her hand and flood the bed, her fingers still inside of me. She leaned down and kissed me softly then gazed into my eyes as she wiped the tears away. I stopped crying and connected my gaze with hers, suddenly feeling at ease with her company. She waited for my flow to come to a complete stop before she pulled her fingers out of my vagina and licked them clean.

“Don’t worry. I’ll help you get cleaned up.” She looked at me and smiled before pulling herself up and scooting back a little.

Mistress Kagami positioned herself so she was sitting on her legs between mine and placed both of her hands on the top of my pajamas then pulled them off of me slowly along with my white cotton panties. The clothes clung to my legs while they became inside-out and scrunched up just above my knees. The cool air felt like ice hitting my bare wet opening and the inside of my thighs. Normally, I'd be horrified that my lower half was now entirely exposed to her, but I somehow felt comfortable now almost as if I was developing feelings for Mistress Kagami. I looked up at her. Her purple hair flowed behind her shoulders except for a thin lock that sat over her left shoulder in front of her chest.

She was so beautiful that I couldn't avert my eyes away from her slender body and didn't even realize what she was going to do as she leaned down, placed her face in between my legs and kissed my vagina as if they were lips. I gasped and twitched as her warm lips sent waves of pleasure all through my body. Soon after that, her lips were joined by her tongue and they both danced in harmony using my vagina as a dance floor, immediately filling me with a blissful felicity like I've never felt before in my eighteen-year-old life. I couldn't control my vocals as I let a powerful moan of satisfaction launch from my mouth, the sound permeating the room.

“Oooh... Mistress Kagami. Don't stop...” Was the only words I could bare to part from my mouth as I lay on the bed in a state of euphoric rapture, unable to hold back soft moans from escaping. My eyes shut and I curled my toes when her tongue entered inside of my vagina and licked the inside walls of its chamber as she clamped down on the top of my thighs with her hands, her thumbs pressing on the skin around my opening. I let out a louder sound of sexual satisfaction as her tongue made it's way to my clitoris and wrapped itself around, pulling at it. I made fists with my hands, pulling at the bed posts with a strength that I never knew I had. In just a short time as Mistress Kagami was going down on me, I felt another urge to pee but I was in such heavenly pleasure that I didn't bother trying to hold it in but released it into her mouth in a steady stream. As I relieved my bladder, I reached my sexual climax and the new liquid mixed with the urine, flowing together.

“Mmm...” was all she said as she kept her mouth over my vagina, letting the two liquids pour into her mouth as if she was drinking from a water fountain.

“Oh shi-.... I couldn't hold it, Mistress Kagami!” I cried out, gasping for breath as I opened my eyes to see her drinking as much of my pee as she could, the rest dripping off of her face and soaking the bed below. After my flood came to a dripping halt, she pulled back a bit and swallowed the mix before licking her lips. She looked at me again and gave me a smile of satisfaction before she lifted herself up and scooted herself up to me.

“Now, it's your turn to drink from my fountain, slave.” She seductively said, lifting up her skirt and exposing her entire bare pantieless mid-section to me. Her opening glistened from her womanly juices as I watched her straddle her legs over my face, her vagina hovering inches above my mouth. I leaned my head forward and she put two pillows behind it for support so I was now right up against her slit. My tongue exited it's home and pressed inside of Mistress Kagami, licking the walls of her sweet tasting chamber.

“Ooh slave, keep going. That feels so good!” She moaned out in pleasure. I did what she said and closed my mouth over the opening and sucked on it softly as she let out another, more expressive moan from her vocals. Soon after, I felt her muscles inside her vagina relax and release a long torrent of pee into my mouth. The golden liquid filled me with a delightful taste as I swallowed it in full. She stemmed her flow just long enough for me to look up at her face as I licked my lips with satisfaction.

“Your pee tastes so good, Mistress Kagami. I need more!” I begged to her. I knew now that I was very attracted to Kagami, as if I'd always been and never realized it before today.

“It's all yours, slave.” She reassured me as she relaxed her muscles again and her pee continued to flow into my yearning mouth. I closed my mouth over her vagina after swallowing what I had and continued to suck on her as the pee filled my mouth again.

“Mmmm, that's right, slave. Drink all of it.” She moaned out. I consumed every last bit of her urine, going down on her as it filled my mouth each time until her bladder was completely drained. I backed away and laid back on the pillows and she leaned down and kissed me softly.

“I want you to make me cum, slave.” She said, her soft sweet voice played through my head like an beautiful song. Mistress Kagami put her hands on the rope tied to my right wrist and loosened the knot, freeing it from captivity then did the same to my other wrists and ankles.

“Yes, Mistress Kagami.” I eagerly replied as I embraced her with my arms and turned her over so she was lying on her back before I bent down to her face and pressed my lips against hers, immediately entering her mouth with my tongue and forced her tongue into dance, prompting her to comply with it's orders and complete the kiss. I then slid my right hand up her smooth leg all the way to her still wet vagina and thrusted two of my fingers inside. Vigorously I began pushing my fingers in and out of her wet pussy.

“Ohhh god, don't stop, don't stop, slave!” She cried out in ecstasy as she pulled away from the kiss. I quickened my fingers pace as she continued let moans of pleasure bellow from her vocals. I soon located Mistress Kagami's clitoris and violently rubbed it with my middle finger, my index finger rubbed the inner walls of her chamber.

“That's it... keep going, slave. I... I'm going to cum...!” She yelled out, obviously about to orgasm. I pulled softly at her clit, stimulating the sensitive organ until she screamed out again followed by a warm thick liquid exiting from her vagina that poured over my fingers and onto my hand. My exhausted Mistress relaxed all of her muscles and laid back against the bed as she climaxed over my hand, gasping for breath. I smiled at her, consumed with joy that I brought her to orgasm

“Oh, Mistress Kagami. I'm so happy.” I said to her, gazing into her eyes. She looked back into mine and at that moment, I know we both came to the same realization.

“I... I love you, slave... Konata.” She said in a sincere tone of voice.

“I love you too... Mistress Kagami.” I replied with the same amount of earnest passion that I felt from her. We kissed again and I laid down on her chest, resting next to her soft supple breasts and placed my right hand, still wet with her juices, upon her right breast. The dampness from my hand soaked into her cammy top as I laid there, thinking about what just happened and how our lives were now changed for the better. I couldn't be more happy that we came together like this. I looked up to Mistress Kagami and she was fast asleep. After pulling my wet clothes back up, I embraced her with my right arm and soon joined her in slumber; we slept though the night together. As one.

###

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

*003*2010-10-01 17:11

{{: 

This....was...uhm...wow....It was....Awesome....Just....Holy cow....Damn....That was...easily one of my favorite ones...Im not that big on urolagnia ((Or whatever its called)) but it was....Damn...

}}

I take it you enjoyed it? lol.

*005*2010-10-06 21:39

{{: 

Wow That was the Awsomest Chapter in the story!!!

I found it kinda funny. I'm able to fall inlove with girls.

}}

Hehe, thanks.

*007*2010-10-19 22:23

{{: 

This is a very nice chapter, Antifairy, But I think its More Sex then Omorashi, I mean. . .You can feel like there is no Omorashi at all in this Chappy.

Kikyo.

}}

Yes, I know. I don't usually write stories like this but I've been wanting to do a mistress/slave so I figured might as well be Konata x Kagami.

*011*2010-11-15 09:05

{{: 

Thanks for the warning. Quite a different take on the series O_O.

}}

Yes, yes it was. and you're welcome, I figured that would be a good idea incase others weren't into... that.

