Summer with Snape - Page 7

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*151*2012-01-18 02:05

I rock I was able to get this on here, even as I have a ton of Rp's going on at the moment...I feel accomplished lol...on to the story.

Chapter 27

Severus apparated to the border of Hogwarts and by then Harry had stopped crying and was looking around.

“Feeling better Harry?” Severus asked looking down at the child in his arms.

Harry nodded his head but didn’t say anything, instead laid his head back down on Snape’s shoulder as they headed for the entrance. He found himself drifting off to sleep, but he knew when they entered the school because of the temperature change.

“Where are going?” Harry asked tiredly.

“To the Great Hall, Albus wants to see us for dinner,” Severus replied.

Harry didn’t say anything as they entered the hall, although he did notice that conversation seemed too ceased when they entered and he cringed slightly at their reactions. Snape must have felt it because he brought his hand to his back and rubbed it to comfort him. He felt Snape try to set him down on the chair but he whimpered and held tightly to his neck until the man relented and set him on his lap. It wasn’t as awkward as Harry thought but he still didn’t remove himself from his teacher’s lap. Pretty soon dinner was over and he and Snape headed to the Dungeons. Harry fell asleep on the way to their quarters and Severus changed him into a pull up and pajamas before tucking him into bed. Severus headed to the floo where Albus was waiting for him.

“Step through Albus, he’s asleep. Now what did you need to talk to me about?” Severus asked tiredly.

“I hired Remus Lupin for the DADA position, and I wanted to know your thoughts on that,” Albus said softly. “Not to mention, would you make his wolfsbane potion?”

Albus knew had Harry not been asleep, Severus would have raised hell, but since the child was he didn’t do that, and he was thankful that he didn’t set a silencing charm.

“We will be talking about this tomorrow, when will the wolf be here?” He sneered.

“Tomorrow morning and I know that he will be interested in meeting Harry,” Albus said pointedly.

Severus said nothing and Albus took the hint and flooed out of there, he headed to his lab to get started on that potion. He would be damned if Lupin got close to Harry without his dose of monthly medicine.

Harry woke up the next morning with the pull up wet as usual but he was in a room that he had never seen before in his life. He didn’t have a lot of time to admire it because his bladder made itself known and he quickly hopped out of bed, only to hop back on because the floor was freezing. Looking around for his socks, he couldn’t find them, he contemplated waiting for Snape but his bladder was already stuttering and he didn’t want to wet himself. Walking on only his tippy toes he headed in search of the loo, every door was closed and he didn’t know if he was allowed to open them. As he reached to give himself a quick squeeze the door down the hall opened, and it revealed a wide awake Snape who seemed a bit shocked to see Harry in the hall.

“What are you doing Harry and where are your shoes?” Severus asked even as he accioed his slippers from his room.

“I couldn’t find them,” Harry said slipping them on before turning back to Snape. “I need the toilet,” he said softly as he grabbed himself again.

“It’s through that door child,” Severus said pointing to the one next to him.

Harry quickly stepped through it and took care of business before going back to his room. Going through the drawers he grabbed a pair of jeans and a blue shirt with a snake on it and got dressed. When he finished he headed back out to where he thought the kitchen was and sat at the table and wait for Snape. He wasn’t sitting there long when his teacher appeared with breakfast and he quickly dug in when he was served.

Severus for the most part sat there drinking his coffee and reading the newspaper, until it seemed like Harry was finished eating.

“There is a new DADA teacher coming today, you’ll probably meet him at lunch, but he might be interested to meet you.” Severus said tersely.

“Why would he want to meet me?” Harry asked confusion lacing his tongue.

“Because he was one of your father’s best friends,” Severus said trying not to sneer.

“Really,” Harry asked in disbelief.

“What did I just say Potter?” Severus answered sarcastically with a cutting tone, which he regretted instantly when he saw Harry’s reaction.

Harry flinched badly at his answer, and nearly knocked over his chair to get away from him. His uncle tended to use that tone just before Harry got a hard cuff upside the head, and he liked to make sure he was out of arm’s length. Although he knew better to run away from his punishment and even though his body demanded flight he forced himself to stay where he was. He had forgotten for a moment that he was at Hogwarts with Snape and not with the Durselys.

Severus could have kicked himself as he took in the skittish boy standing next to the table. He had forgotten how sensitive the child really was, and how easily he picked up on your tone. Harry was now standing still head down with his shoulder’s hunched like he was expecting a blow. Getting down on knees Severus gently grabbed him by the shoulders, ignoring his flinch.

“Harry, you are at Hogwarts, and I won’t hurt you child,” Severus said softly, looking intently at the child who seemed to be in another world at the moment.

“Where are you Harry?” He asked when the child stayed silent.

“Hogwarts sir,” he whispered not looking up from the ground.

“And who am I child?”

“Professor Snape, my…” Harry trailed off.

“You’re what Harry?” Severus asked quietly.

“My dad,” he replied finally looking up, eyes thankfully dry.

“Good boy Harry, I’m sorry for my tone Harry, I would never hit you.”

“I know you wouldn’t,” Harry murmured before reaching out to hug Snape.

Severus wrapped his arms around him and stood up, his knees were starting to hurt. He hugged the child until Harry himself started to push himself away. He set him down and they resumed breakfast.

Harry finished his food, but he didn’t know what he was supposed to do when Snape went to go and work on his potions. He smiled slightly maybe he could help him, and show him that he wasn’t dumb when it came to his subject. As the man was getting up Harry addressed him.

“Sir, would it be ok if I could help you make potions today?” Harry asked making his eyes wide and open, he had learned earlier that summer that they usually worked on Snape, although he didn’t know the reason why.

Severus was a bit shocked that the boy wanted to help on potions, especially given his current potion’s grade for the last two years. Nonetheless he wasn’t about to say no to free help.

“Sure you can Harry, you can help make the calming potion. Here’s the book,” Severus said showing him the page.

Harry remembered doing this potion just last year, he had done it almost perfectly until Malfoy threw something into his cauldron and he got a zero for the day, because it resembled something that Neville had made. He smiled thankful that his classmate wasn’t here now, and there was nothing that was going to prevent him from showing his professor how good he could be at potions.

*155*2012-01-18 23:37

{{: 

Thanks...this is of course another awesome chappie...keep up the good work...cant wait to see what happens next

}}

{{: 

Great chapter! I'm so glad you still find time to do this even with all your RP's. :) I would be sad if you didn't.

}}

{{: 

Yay! Thanks so much for updating I was going through some serious withdrawals! :D These two chapters were absolutely adorable, your chapters are better and better each time! You're an amazing writer and I can't wait to read more!

}}

Thanks guys, I'm glad I havent dissappointed anyone, and dont worry...I may take a few weeks but I wont ever abandon my stories,especially this one. how often do I get to combine omorashi with fanfic..and people actually like it?...only on here lol...Updats wont be every day like before though...maybe every few days...sorry :)

*156*2012-01-20 02:52

Heres the new chappie, enjoy and yea, and now that this is out of the way, back to my rps

Chapter 28

Harry was working diligently on his potion double checking and everything, he hoped that he could show the man that he wasn’t such a dunderhead like Snape usually thought.

Severus looked over to see Harry true to his word, working on the potion he assigned to him. He sighed, now why couldn’t the child do this in class? He shook his head, and answered his own question; he knew that was no one’s fault but his own. Now knowing Harry like he did, he was sure he frightened him just as much as Longbottom; he wouldn’t do that this year that’s for sure.

Harry liked the peaceful of working on the potion and he got so caught up into that he didn’t want to stop when he felt his body letting him know that he needed to pee. He ignored it in favor to chopping up the next item needed for the potion. He found himself dancing along and crotch grabbing for about 10 minutes; he was unaware that he was even doing it since he was so focused on his work.

Severus still looking at his potion informed Harry that they would be heading to lunch in about 5 minutes and they would be eating in the great hall where he would meet the new DADA teacher.

Harry nodded that he got it, and when Snape had spoke to him he realized that he really had to pee, but he didn’t know if he could just leave the potion alone so he didn’t go. He was hoping that he would have a chance to go, before they headed down to lunch but Snape just put a stasis charm on both potions, before throwing a few cleaning charms at them both. He sighed and tensed his thighs together as they walked down to the hall. They passed the bathrooms closest to the Great hall and Harry wished more than anything that they would stop there but they didn’t, and he didn’t ask.

He sat down on the circle table that was set in the middle of the room where there were normally house tables, those were absent at the moment. He sat down close to Snape, because everywhere else would have been just too awkward for him. He found himself squirming just a bit in his chair as he tried not to leak into his pants. Snape by this time was having a discussion with the Headmaster and a few other teachers and he didn’t want to be rude.

“Hi there, I’m Professor Lupin,” a teacher he had never seen before spoke to him. Harry looked at him curiously before deciding that this must be the new DADA teacher. He gave off a friendly vibe and Harry found himself wanting to talk to him.

“Hello sir,” Harry said softly fidgeting a bit.

“What are you doing here in the summer Harry?” Remus asked curiously, Albus hadn’t told him the reason why.

“I’m just helping out for a few days before I go back home,” Harry said smiling shyly, and squirming a bit more in his seat.

“That sounds like fun,” Remus replied conversationally.

“It is, I like feeling useful,” Harry said before reaching down and giving himself a squeeze under the table.

“Are you alright Harry?” Remus asked as the boy continued wiggling on the bench across from him.

“I’m fine sir,” he said softly before taking a bite of his sandwich. He glanced at Snape again and sighed, he really, really needed to pee.

“Can you tell me some stories about my dad while I’m here?” Harry asked so soft he wasn’t sure the man would hear him.

Remus heard him quite clearly thanks to wolf senses, and he found himself grinning this time and meaning it.

“I would love to Harry, just come by my office,” Remus replied.

Harry was smiling happily and was about to respond that he would when his bladder contracted and he felt a spurt leak out and wet his boxers. He immediately froze and whimpered and glanced down in horror but was happy to note that his trousers were still dry on the front. He was so focused on making sure that he didn’t leak anymore to see Remus narrow his eyes at him.

Remus was waiting for Harry to answer him on what he thought of that idea, when he heard the boy whine, before he smelt the fresh scent of urine and he looked sharply at the child across him. Harry wasn’t looking up; he was looking into his lap, why didn’t the child just go?

“Harry, do you need the loo?” He asked sharply.

Harry looked up in the man in horror, how did he know that? He didn’t answer he just stared at him like deer caught in headlights, one hand still gripping himself underneath the table, as he rocked from side to side.

Thanks to the lull in the conversation, Severus was able to hear the wolf quite clearly and he found himself turning around quickly to look at the little boy next to him. He sighed softly, he knew that potty dance anywhere, and he quickly got up from the table.

“Excuse us,” he said hand automatically reaching out for Harry who quickly latched on it.

Remus knew that he was staring with his mouth wide opened when he saw Harry grab Severus’s hand, and a quick look around the hall, showed him he wasn’t alone. No one said anything as they watched the retreating figures walk quickly out the hall, getting another shock when they saw Harry suddenly stop in place. They then saw Severus pick him up before running out of the hall; they looked around at each other. What was that about?

Severus was trying to figure out why the boy hadn’t asked for the loo, he thought that Harry was comfortable now with him to ask. He was trying to walk quickly out of the hall because he knew for Harry to already be holding himself he must have to go pretty bad. No sooner had that thought left his mind; he saw the boy stop and he already knew what must be happening, even before Harry spoke.

“It’s coming out,” Harry whispered trying to hold himself tighter.

“Wait Harry, just a bit longer,” he said before picking the boy up, not even caring who saw them and running to the loo nearest the great hall. They burst into the loo where Severus quickly got rid of the necessities on his trousers and Harry had relief.

When Harry finished he washed his hands before turning back to Snape who was looking at him with one eyebrow raised in a silent question.

“What did I say about holding it for so long? Why didn’t you tell me?” Severus asked with an unreadable expression on his face. “Did you make it ok Harry?” He asked a bit softer.

Harry blushed and nodded, before speaking because he knew Snape preferred a verbal answer.

“I wet my boxers a bit,” he said mortified before continuing. “I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to be rude since you were in a conversation,” Harry replied quietly.

“I understand Harry, don’t do that again. You could have just tapped me or poked me, a simple excuse me would even work. Come on lets go get you changed,” Severus said opening the door, so they could head down to the dungeons.

*159*2012-01-20 08:08

{{: 

Yaaaaaaay! Ooooh I feel awkward questions coming! Harry's such a cutie! I love it! Great chapter!

}}

{{: 

Awesome chapter!! :)

}}

Yea, Remus especially is gonna have alot fo questions, thanks and I'm glad you guys like it.

*161*2012-01-21 03:23

{{: 

I see some awkward questions from Hermoine and Ginny when they start school again.

Very interesting twist in the plot.

Wonder what Hagrid might think, too.

}}

Hagrid believes the good in everyone so I dont think he would have a problem with. As for the girls...I wasnt even sure I was gonna keep going into the school year..we'll see.

*163*2012-01-22 01:04

{{: 

I still really like it, I'm sorry for not commenting more often! I like the fact that you've added Remus in it. Hopefully you'll write more about him in the next chapters!

}}

That's ok, I will dont worry.

*165*2012-01-22 01:20

Ok warning: No I’m not Remus bashing, I love him. He does the same thing to Harry that Severus did, their first day together. All will be settled and what not, I just wanted to put that out there lol…anyways there you guys go

Chapter 29

The next morning after breakfast found Harry not knowing what to do, Severus didn’t need his help in his lab, and he even told Harry that his potion yesterday was perfect and that he’d better see him work like that during the school year. Harry smiled as he remembered the praise; he liked making Snape proud of him. At the moment he was walking around the castle occasionally talking to some portraits, he really had no plans. He hadn’t seen Hagrid at all since he’d been there and he would love to visit his friend.

As he was passing the DADA classroom he remembered what Professor Lupin had said about telling him about his parents. Although he was a bit apprehensive about seeing the man again especially after what happened yesterday, he did want to know more about his parents. He was still wondering how the man knew he had to go when he was on the other side of the table. As he was contemplating about whether or not to knock on the door, it opened by itself. Before Harry could freak out, he saw his Professor beckoning him into his office.

“Good morning sir,” Harry said as he sat down in a chair.

“Hello Harry, how are you today?” Remus asked, getting the tea out.

“I’m fine sir, just a bit bored. I don’t know what to do today,” he explained softly.

“Oh yea, well Hogwarts has a whole bunch of secrets that you can explore,” Remus said knowingly.

“I know that, I found the Chamber of Secrets last year,” Harry said quietly.

Remus was able to conceal his shock, and although he was very interested to hear that particular story, he was very curious about another thing. Before he bombarded Harry with questions about what happened yesterday, he was going to tell him a few stories first while they had tea.

“I went to school with your parent’s, you father was actually one of my best friends,” he said wistfully as he remembered.

Harry sat there quietly and drank both the tea and the stories about his parents up. He didn’t even know how much time had passed until Professor Lupin stopped talking and said that they had about 30 minutes until lunch. At the moment Harry’s stomach was feeling a bit full, he hadn’t paid attention to how much tea he had drunk because he was so into the stories. As he shifted he became more aware that his bladder was extremely full, and he was uncomfortable. He knew he wasn’t supposed to hold it and since he had already broke that rule yesterday he didn’t want to do it today.

“Excuse me Professor Lupin, I’ll be right back,” Harry said putting his cup down and attempting to stand up.

“Wait just a moment Harry, I wanted to talk to you about something,” Remus said quietly.

Harry recognized the tone of voice he used and knew whatever it was, had to be serious. He didn’t really know what do, and as he made get up, his Professor halted him again. Harry sighed, hoping that the man would be done quickly.

“What did you want to talk to me about sir?” Harry asked already jiggling in his seat.

“Yesterday, what happened at lunch?” Remus asked as he straightened up his desk.

“What do you mean?” Harry asked blushing wasn’t it obvious, he had to pee then, like he had to now.

“With Severus, why did he take you?” Remus asked getting straight to the point.

“Because, no one else was going to take me,” Harry said confused, why wouldn’t Snape take him? Did the man not know of the guardianship?

“What do you mean Harry?”

“I’m staying with Professor Snape this summer,” Harry said hand gravitating to his groin as he wiggled even more in his seat.

“Why are you staying with Severus?”

“Because the Head…oh I’ll be right back sir,” Harry replied as he felt a spurt leak out from him.

“Harry hold on just a second, why are you with Severus?”Remus pressed, oblivious to everything but why his friend’s son was staying with a man who had loathed them both as a child.

“Because the Headmaster said too,” Harry said whimpering as another spurt hit his already damp boxers.

“Why did he do that?” Remus questioned.

“I don’t know, because…ahhh I gotta…I’m really sorry sir,” Harry said as he felt his bladder about ready to give up, hand firmly between his legs. He swiftly got up out of his chair and ran to the door.

“Harry wait…” Remus said calling him back.

But Harry was through listening he didn’t want to have an accident here, not at school. He had just made it to the doorway when his bladder chose that moment to empty itself, and he could do nothing but stop and stare down at himself as it all came pouring at him. He stared at his trousers in horror wishing that this wasn’t happening, he squeezed himself hard trying to hold the rest in, but that was useless. He could do nothing but sag in relief though, as humiliating as this was he was happy that he could finally let it go. That was until he finished and he found himself staring at his shocked Professor, eyes wide he found them filling with tears. He didn’t bother to hear what the man was going to say because Harry ran out of the office, tears blurring in his eyes. He was sobbing quite hard to the point he couldn’t even see in front of him which caused him to bump directly into his Head of House.

“Mr. Potter what is the meaning of…” she trailed off as she took in his soaked trousers and his wet face that still had tears falling from his eyes. She couldn’t find it in her heart to be sharp with him at the moment, not when he was like this.

“Dad’s gonna be really mad at me for this,” Harry said blubbering around his tears.

“No he won’t Harry, he’ll understand my dear,” she said finding herself unable to call him by his last name when he seemed so much younger at the moment. She covered her shock at what he called Severus, even though Albus had told her of their changed relationship. She smiled softly, she was happy for them both. “Let’s get you cleaned up dear,” she said before waving her wand and cleaning him up.

Harry tiredly leaned against her after she cleaned him up; he just wanted to lay down right where he stood. All that crying and running and emotional turmoil from the stories was starting to take a toll on him, and it showed.

She continued smiling and found herself picking up the light child and rubbing his back as he relaxed on her shoulder. She carried him down to the dungeons where she knocked on Severus’s office before walking in before he said a thing.

Severus was working on lesson plans when someone knocked on the door, before he could say enter they had already opened it. Before he could get annoyed he was surprised to see that it was Minerva with Harry in her arms and lying on her shoulder.

“What happened to him?” He asked already up and reaching for him.

*169*2012-01-24 08:14

Sorry this is so late...clumsy me somehow injured the whole left side of her body, and I'm supposed to be 'resting' and not online But staring at tv/the wall, gets pretty boring so I typed this instead hope you like it.

Chapter 30

Minerva shook her head in the negative that she didn’t know before handing the half-asleep child to Severus.

Harry whimpered when he felt himself getting pulled away from her, that was until he felt the familiar smell of potions and he knew that she had brought him to his Dad. He tensed up at first would Snape be mad about his accident?

“Minerva, why is he crying?” Severus asked concerned when he saw Harry’s tear-streaked face.

“I believe that was because of his accident Severus. He was very distraught that you were going to be angry with him,” she said pointedly.

“Harry, did you have an accident today?” Severus asked ignoring her answer for the moment.

Harry nodded in his shoulder knowing that in a second, he was going to get pulled away so Severus could hear him speak. He wasn’t surprised to find himself suddenly sitting up with his back to Snape’s chest.

“What caused your accident Harry?” Snape asked gently rubbing his shoulder.

“I was talking to Professor Lupin, and every time I tried to get up and go he kept asking me questions.” Harry said sniffling in remembrance.

“What happened after Harry?” Severus asked gently carding his hand through Harry’s hair knowing it relaxed him.

“I finally got up to run because it got too bad, but when I got by the door it just came out everywhere. M’really sorry daddy,” Harry said crying again.

“It was an accident, this was not your fault Harry,” Severus said soothingly forgetting Minerva in the room for the moment.

She at least had the good grace not to draw attention to herself, knowing that was witnessing such a personal event.

Severus though he had a calm front for Harry’s sake was seething, what kind of idiot doesn’t let the child go to the toilet? Furthermore what kinds of questions was he asking Harry?

“Harry what kinds of things was he asking you?” Severus asked quietly.

“He wanted to know why I was sitting by you last night, and why I was staying with you this summer.” Harry said before rubbing the back of his hands across his eye to wipe the tears.

“Oh he did, and what did you tell him child?” Severus asked, which was much to calm for Minerva’ because she tensed up slightly.

“That the Headmaster said so,” Harry sniffled laying his head back against Severus’s chest.

“Are you sleepy Harry?” Severus whispered as he took his handkerchief and wiped Harry’s nose.

“No, m’not daddy,” Harry replied sleepily.

“Of course you’re not child,” Severus said smirking before turning him around and laying his head on his shoulder.

Less than 5 minutes later and Harry was asleep, laying him on the couch in his office he turned to Minerva who had a cat like grin on her face. Severus scowled that he had forgotten she was here, not to mention she never said a word.

“What is it Minerva?” Severus said sighing, when it was clear that she wanted to say something.

“Nothing Severus,” she said grinning.

“Thank you for bringing Harry to me, would you do me a small favor Minerva?”

“Of course Severus, what do you need me to do?”

“Stay here and watch Harry for a about 10 minutes, I need to have a talk with the wolf.” Severus said grimly as he headed towards the door.

“Severus, I’m sure Remus feels horrible enough without you going there to remind him.” She said sternly already regretting agreeing to his favor without knowing what it was.

“Minerva, I won’t do anything rash, after all I am a Slytherin,” he said before exiting his office.

“That’s what I’m afraid of,” she murmured softly before gently rubbing Harry’s back.

While Severus was on a mission, Remus was trying to understand what exactly just occured into his office. He cleaned up the puddle by the door, and he felt awful about what happened. He was remembering their conversation and now that he was thinking clearly he could see that Harry needed the loo and had made an effort to leave but he himself prevented him from doing so. He was also a little worried about Severus, seeing as Harry had said he had guardianship of him and seeing as Harry just wet his pants in his office, he knew he would be visiting him sooner or later.

As soon as that thought left his mind he heard the distinct black boots, of said potion’s master walking down the hall and heading straight for his office. Throwing a complex locking charm at the door, Remus tried to think. He knew what Severus must be feeling because if something else had done that to Harry, his cub he would be after them himself. He was in the middle of pouring himself a cup of tea when the pounding on his door nearly made him spill it.

“Wolf open the door, I know you’re in there,” Severus said calmly.

Remus said nothing for his co-workers tone was much to calm for his taste, he could sense that something else was brewing underneath and he valued his health too much to open the door.

Severus allowed himself to seethe in front of the door for a few seconds, until he realized that he would see the man at dinner. Smiling evilly he walked away and headed back to his office.

Remus breathed a sigh of relief when he heard Severus leaving but he couldn’t understand how or why the man gave up so soon. The thought that the Slytherin was plotting was enough to send shivers up his spine. Especially since he never wanted Harry to have an accident anyways, he needed to speak with him immediately. The only question was would Severus allow it, or for that matter would Harry?

Harry woke up by someone shaking his shoulder softly, he whimpered before trying to bury himself deeper into the couch.

“Harry, I know you want to sleep child, but it’s time for dinner.” Severus said softly as he gently sat the boy up.

“M’not hungry,” Harry said softly before his stomach grumbled.

“I can hear that child, nonetheless you need to eat,” Severus said smirking slightly.

“Are we eating in our quarters?” Harry asked as he rubbed his eyes to wake up.

“No, in the great hall Harry,” Severus explained gently.

“I don’t want to eat there, can’t we eat in tonight?” Harry asked eyes wide. He didn’t want to see Professor Lupin again, not after what happened in his office.

“I’m afraid not Harry, Albus needs to speak with me,” Severus said.

“Then can I stay here and eat by myself?” Harry insisted.

“No child, whose knows what kind of mischief you would get into. Besides Harry, Hagrid is here, and he was excited to know that you were here.”

“But, I don’t want to go,” Harry said softly.

“You want to disappoint Hagrid, your very first friend?” Severus said raising an eyebrow.

“No I never said that,” Harry said shaking his head in the negative.

“Yes you did,” Severus said nodding his head animatedly. He knew that Harry hated to disappoint anyone, a trait which could either harm or help him depending on the situation. Although at the moment Severus wanted to be in the great Hall because he had a wolf to talk too.

“Ok I want to see Hagrid,” Harry said getting up stretching.

“That’s a good boy,” Severus replied opening the door to the office so they could head to dinner.

*173*2012-01-24 18:29

{{: 

You injured the whole left side of your body?? O_O how?? I hope you get better soon.

Great chapter by the way! I can't wait to see what happens at dinner!

}}

No idea...thinking mightive twisted somthing...idk going to the doctors this week.

Sev and Remus will come to an understanding of some point...lol

