
Anything to Confess? - Page 11

*250*2021-10-16 12:54

{{On 10/11/2021 at 9:06 AM, CuteGirl said:

Totally amazing story! I love it. After the Liam's chapter I just need to ask. Are you from Poland or can you speak Polish or you just used translator? This question is really bothering me. And as someone speaked before me. There is no name Flavius in Poland so I'm also really curious why you choose this one. Maybe we will know it soon.

}}

Some things are good to stay a mystery. I don’t think Flavius is Polish though maybe he lives there and his wife is so he speaks it? I love how people are now questioning things though and wondering what might happen next.

I apologise for the delay as I have been away with very limited internet.

Chapter 126

Liam

I’m so fucking relieved to get to the toilet finally! When I return to the kitchen Flavius waves me over to where he is still sitting at the dining table in the kitchen. He scrolls through his phone to show me photos of who I presume are his family back home. Through some basic guessing, combined with pointing to dates on his phone calendar, I assume he’s trying to tell me that he won’t be around for a few weeks as he’s going back home. He talks away in his own language and I nod despite having no idea what he’s saying. He must realise this eventually as he uses the note app on his phone to write his name then drags me to the room he sleeps in and points to it. I assume he’s worried I might let the room to someone else so I point to the room then point to him hoping he realises I am happy to keep it for him. Right now I can’t face trying to find a new house mate on top of everything else.

Once he seems satisfied he can come back whenever he wants he orders take away and very kindly shares it with me. I’m sitting eating it when my phone rings. The number isn’t recognised on my phone so I am hesitant when answering. Flavius continues eating happily as I nibble and sip water as a girl with a Spanish accent talks to me. It’s Leah, my mum’s daughter from her Spanish husband, my half sister. She’s disappointed to hear I haven’t had a call from the specialist regarding being a possible transplant donator for mum and then she updates me on how my mum is.

I’m a little relieved to hear that my mum is sitting up, eating and drinking a bit and hopeful about finding a donor match. I barely say anything, my mind full of how I can possibly tell my sister I didn’t even know I had that her aunt, who she never met and now never will, died suddenly at the weekend, the same weekend she first found out about me. When she gets back round to me getting tests to see if I am a match for my mum I take a deep breath, stay as calm as I possibly can and then share the news about Aunt Ella.

Unsurprisingly Leah seems completely unshaken and unmoved by my news, though she does say sorry and after a pause asks quietly if I have told mum yet. I tell her, while simultaneously eating my tea, how I tried phoning mum but how I chickened out because I didn’t feel it was right to tell her on a phone call.

“You know I don’t really remember my mum talking about having a sister much. I guess they weren’t very close and I certainly had no idea I had an aunt in England. Would you like me to tell mum about her though?”

“Yes please. If she wants to, and is up to it of course, she can phone me anytime. I don’t know when the funeral is yet but I think she’d want to be there if she’s well enough.”

“Really? I’m not so sure. And honestly I can’t see her being well enough to travel. She told me recently how she hated going back to England on trips. I never did understand why she went but she always told dad it was business stuff. She always came back miserable too and her and dad would argue. You will still get the medical tests done won’t you?”

“I was very close to my aunt.”

“Well I’m sorry about that but mum needs a kidney and time isn’t on her side. She’s your mum too so surely she’s more important that some random aunt? I’ll get the consultant to call you again. Don’t miss his call please.”

“You will tell mum about her sister, Ella, won’t you?”

“If I remember. Bye.”

I stare at my phone in disbelief. ‘Random aunt’…Jesus Christ that fucking hurts so much! Mum hated coming to see me in England? My eyes sting just thinking about it. She never even told her husband or daughter about my existence! She never even told her new family that she even had a sister, a wonderful, kind, loving sister whom she’d dumped her teenage son with then fucked off to Spain to be with some rich Spanish guy who likely only wanted her for easy sex. Then to even dare say, after I just told her about my aunt passing and how close I was to her, that my mum should be more important than my aunt. What a bitch! And to think when she called the first time I even felt so sorry for her! Not any more.

She can get any fucking consultant she wants to bloody phone me but I’m not going to give my mum anything, especially not my kidney!

&&

&&

&&

*252*2021-10-16 20:57

Chapter 127

Megan

Back home I struggle to find anything to make for dinner so I dig in the freezer and cook left overs to make a makeshift buffet of all I can find. While it’s cooking I let dad and Theresa know the update on mam and dad calls both Shaun and Lilly and Aisling and Harrison to let them know too. Over the hotchpotch meal, which goes down a storm with the boys, there’s a buzz about the dinner table as Anthony talks about the McGintley’s van, Rory talks about Courtney’s school and the huge bathroom he saw there and dad and Theresa seem delighted and relieved that mam appears to be improving at last. While everyone is together and happy I take the chance to say about my overtime helping the McGintley’s out with transporting their daughter to and from school possibly for the rest of the week. I specifically look at Theresa before outright asking if she can have Yasmin tomorrow to help me out.

As my older sister finishes what she’s eating before replying I think back to an innocent comment of Liam’s from earlier in the day when he mentioned that Yasmin was more like my daughter than my sister. Right now as I wait to see if my sister can help me with her I can see what he means. Even dad doesn’t volunteer to have his own daughter, but then dad always put work as a priority even when I was young. I guess that’s just how he sees his role as the bread winner in the family.

Finally Theresa answers and I’m relieved I don’t need to rush to get Yasmin ready early again tomorrow or have to take the buggy with me again. I’m very tempted to say I won’t be home until lunchtime so I can sneak in seeing Liam again, but as I have work tomorrow evening and I absolutely can’t take Yasmin with me then I don’t want to push my sister too much. As I’m cleaning up the baby dad helps clear the plates away and informs us all that Iain is arriving tomorrow night and staying until the weekend so he can visit mam. He leaves the dishes in the sink then strolls to the cork notice board by the back door and looks at the paper that he and Shaun pinned up with the visiting schedule.

“Megan when you get a minute will you add your mobile number to this list please. Theresa I have you down for afternoon visiting tomorrow since you are off and I’ll see if Iain wants to come with me tomorrow evening. Aisling was this morning. Has anyone had an update from her?”

I unstrap and pull Yasmin out her high chair as I mention that the nurse from high dependency said someone had visited this morning and that was what spurred man to eat something finally, though she was fed by nurses not independently. Dad looks at me like I suddenly have horns and I immediately know why: I’m not even on the visiting schedule and speaking about mam in hospital like I know more than him angers and upsets him. I can see it in his eyes and body language as I shut my mouth and lower my head trying to make myself invisible like I always tried to do as a child.

It’s Rory who seems to intuitively help me the most as he comes up close to me as I hold my baby sister as he thanks me for dinner, the only one to do so, then asks quietly if I can help him with a book review he has to do for homework. I nod then take his hand and silently leave the kitchen carrying Yasmin. I stick Yasmin in her jumperoo for a bit while I spent a pleasant 40 minutes or so with my youngest brother helping him with school work.

Once dad and Theresa leave the kitchen I wash the dishes before bathing the three younger children and doing their bedtime routines, the only adult in the house to do so. I want to text Liam and have a bit of a rant thought it feels inappropriate given his circumstances but then as I go to bed finally myself I text a simple ‘goodnight, love you ‘ and leave it at that.

Liam has more than enough going on in his life to have to worry about my family dramas and moans. I dose off thinking about him and holding his letters under my pillow as I’ve been doing every night since I got them. How I wish I was lying snuggled beside him in his double bed instead of cramped in a bottom bunk bed sharing a room with my sister still at the grand age of 22!

*253*2021-10-17 07:49

Chapter 128

Liam

I’m so pissed off after the call from my so called sister that I leave Flavius alone in the flat and take myself a walk down the sea front. Leaning against the high wall in the dark listening to the sea I take deep breaths of the sea air and let my lungs fill freely. It looks and feels so different in the dark of late evening as I squint in the dim street lights and make my way down onto the rocks. It crosses my mind briefly that I could slip and fall and be trapped all night but I carry on regardless until my body feels exhausted then I sit staring into the bleakness for ages wishing the sea could swallow me up.

My own mum doesn’t want me and is so ashamed of me she couldn’t even tell her husband and daughter I even existed. The aunt she left me with has now died. There’s a police case with my name on it that could see me arrested any day if Lauren Bennett says the word, and if anything happened to me I wouldn’t even be missed at work. Shaun can easily find another mug to pick up litter. It’s not as if it’s even a difficult job! And now if my mum dies too it will all be my fault for not donating my kidney! 31: the exact same age as Gareth, but with nothing to show for it like he has. No marriage or kids or career or even a fucking car! If only I could call aunt Ella. She loved me even when no-one else ever did.

I’m shivering with cold, tired, and so lonely as I sit on a freezing damp rock in the pitch dark sliding my foot on some stray seaweed. One slip is all it would take. No-one would care. No-one would even know…

I jump and almost fall accidentally when my phone vibrates in my pocket. Through tears of frustration and distress I read the simple three words then take another deep breath of fresh sea air. I can’t do this to Megan.

Megan, thank God for Megan.

I carefully climb up to the main road and make my way back to my flat where surprisingly Flavius is still awake despite it being past midnight. On seeing me he stands up from the armchair and places a firm arm on my shoulder making me shake as I have an instant flashback to doing the same reassuring comforting gesture to Megan the very first day I met her in the launderette after her accident. I wish I could tell Flavius about my aunt. I wish I could talk to him about so much. I sigh, smile wearily at him then go to the bathroom and splash cold water on my face before heading to bed.

I don’t sleep much at all and get up every bit as tired as I went to bed. Flavius makes me breakfast and hands me my mobile covering his ears mockingly as if to convey that I’ve either missed a call or it’s been beeping with messages. Staring at the screen I realise it’s the latter with three messages from Megan alone. I text her a quick, ‘sorry Flavius was here last night. Talk soon. Love you x’ and hope that’s enough as my head aches with grief and exhaustion and dehydration.

I drink the milky coffee my foreign house mate made me and eat the fried egg on toast. It wouldn’t have been my choice of breakfasts today but my body accepts it gratefully anyway. I push my plate aside when empty and rest my head on my dining table wondering how on earth I get through another day.

*254*2021-10-17 12:40

Chapter 129

Megan

Tuesday morning I leave the younger kids with Theresa while I walk to the McGintley’s. I don’t need the sat nav to get to Chelsea’s school any more and since Liz never mentioned keeping the van all day I drive back to her house, park it outside, hand in the keys, then walk home. The boys are at school, dad at work, and Theresa is in the kitchen mopping the floor with Yasmin in her high chair when I get back. Theresa offers to go grocery shopping and I write her a long list of things we need. I tell her to leave Yasmin with me and I glance at dad’s note on the notice board to see who is due to visit mam today. Theresa is down for this afternoon.

Dad has scored out the previous visiting times from the high dependency and replaced them with the new times for the ward. 2 until 3pm visiting will mean no-one is home again for the boys so I text Liz to check if it’s ok to bring Yasmin and pick my brothers up again this afternoon before getting Chelsea. Remembering the state both of my brothers were in yesterday makes me realise that this current arrangement isn’t sustainable long term, though it also makes me think fondly of Liam and a casual remark he mentioned days ago about always being bursting to pee after work. Seeing my brothers desperate isn’t in any way something I enjoy but the thought of my boyfriend bursting is immensely pleasing indeed.

After Liz replies saying that getting the boys first is fine I call Liam to see how he is. When he doesn’t answer I sort Yasmin and get on with some things in the house. I’d text him three times this morning before he replied so I just assume he’s busy today. With Theresa and dad both working full time and the boys at school I realise just how much needs done at home just to keep the house in order. I always did more than my fair share but now even the little mam did do is down to me too. It’s a struggle at times working around Yasmin as she cries every time I leave her, something she never seemed to do before. The being passed from one person to another is clearly starting to affect her.

Lilly calls to say that mam was settled in the ward when she went this morning but not talking at all. It’s now almost a week since she took way too many tablets and still no-one knows why. I wonder if we ever will find out.

Theresa returns just after I have make lunch for Yasmin and have a coffee and a packet of crisps myself. I help her put the groceries away as she moans at how much it all cost and how overpriced the taxi home was too. She’s even grumpier when I remind her I have work tonight.

“I’ve just done all the shopping! I’m not cooking for everyone too. It’s meant to be my day off!”

I look over at Yasmin and roll my eyes even though she clearly doesn’t understand.

“I’ll cook tea don’t worry. Oh and all your clothes are washed, dried and put away. Your uniforms are in your second drawer where I know you keep them and I’ve hoovered upstairs and cleaned the bathroom. I’d even have done the shopping had I had the cash.

“I’ve kept the receipt for dad. There’s no way I’m being out all this. Honestly Meg the stuff you put on that list!”

We’re still putting tins, frozen food and fresh items away as I look at what’s in my hand.

“This is just essentials too, and that’s with just 6 of us in the house. Heaven only knows how much it cost when there were 11 here when we were younger!”

As she empties the final bag with toilet rolls and other stuff for the bathroom I hear my sister sigh.

“Do you ever think about moving out Meg?”

“Sometimes. You?”

“Don’t tell dad yet will you but something’s came up at work. The couple that own the home are opening a new home out Belfast way and I’ve been approached about being a team leader there. It would be too much travelling to stay here but the wages are much better. I’ve been looking at my options and even mentioned to mam the night I shared chips with her, but then mam took sick and it didn’t feel right to mention it again. I was planning to take the train to Belfast today to view some places but now I need to visit mam, look after the boys while you work and I had to spend all my money on this lot! Even if dad gives me a cheque I won’t get the money back for a full week. Brendon is expecting an answer about the position by the end of the week too!”

“I had no idea.”

“I’m nearly 24 Megan. It’s time I moved out. Mam isn’t going to get better. We both know that. The hospital will get her stable, tweak her meds a bit, then send her home and leave her again. It’s not her fault but I can’t just turn this down. It’s such a great opportunity.”

“You need to do what’s right for you.”

“I do. Maybe I’ll even meet someone one day too. I can only hope eh.”

I open the fridge and get some sausages and start frying them while my sister puts the kettle on.

“I thought you’d had lunch?”

“I just had a packet of crisps but this is for dinner. I’ll stick them in the slow cooker with some casserole sauce and veg because I need to take the boys with me to Chelsea’s school again because dad won’t be home and you’ll be at the hospital and by the time I get back I’ll only have an hour before I need to leave again. Don’t worry about the baths and stuff. I’ll do all that when I get back.”

She sits down looking at Yasmin in her high chair.

“Thank goodness! You’re cute little one but you sure scream when you get that lovely hair of yours washed don’t you?”

“She’s not been a happy bunny today with me cleaning. Ending up having to have her with me in every room I went to. Hopefully she’s ok in the van later. She’s probably missing mam.”

“She’s not the only one.”

*255*2021-10-18 12:29

Chapter 130

Liam

Flavius leaves on Tuesday morning as normal after breakfast and I spend the full day alone in my flat. I don’t want to hassle Megan and I’m so exhausted and sad I only eat the bare essentials, missing lunch altogether. I pass the time watching rubbish TV and don’t even realise until early afternoon that I forgot to charge my phone overnight. It’s takes me over an hour to motivate myself to plug it in as I’m actually grateful to not have to face any texts or calls for a bit.

I don’t even realise I have missed a text from Megan until early evening but then I reply right away. When she doesn’t instantly reply I run myself a bath and leave the phone in the living room. I’d love nothing more than to be with her right now but she’s probably working or with her family and I’m way down her list of priorities right now.

I head to bed early and try to sleep dosing and then waking almost every hour again. I’m beginning to wish Shaun hadn’t given me the week off work as at least work would motivate me to get dressed, eat and get out the flat. Instead I doss about in just my underwear drinking water and staring at the same four walls stuck in a rut. I refuse to think about my aunt’s funeral or anything to do with her dying or her house and life back in Chester. When I arrived here in Bangor I shut out the whole situation with Lauren only facing it when Lauren started posting crap on Facebook. I do the exact same about the news of my aunt thinking that if I don’t do anything that maybe I’ll find that the phone call from Derek on Sunday was just a horrible nightmare. As if to try and make that come true I call my aunt’s home phone but then have to run and vomit when the answer machine plays a bright recording of her voice. I need to face the fact she won’t answer me anymore. Not today. Not ever again.

I get some more water and eat a banana to put something in my delicate stomach as reality hits me and I know I need to face life head on. My mind is so tired and confused so I call Mabel, my aunt’s friend, who I spoke to on Monday, and get confirmation of where my aunt worked. It’s good to know my guess was right as I google the number and call them. The cheery voice at the other end seems so wrong but they do become very subdued and sober on hearing the news of my aunt. They’d all been extremely worried with my aunt not coming into work all week, something my aunt had never done in her 20 plus years working there. They’d been trying to contact her and while my name had been mentioned no-one had my contact details. I promise to keep them informed about the funeral arrangements then tell them I need to go.

I genuinely do have to go as a beep on the line tells me someone is trying to get through to me. As soon as I hang up to my aunt’s old work the second number connects instantly. Surprisingly it’s the coroner’s office updating me on progress. They received my aunt’s medical records this morning and the coroner doesn’t feel a post-mortem is necessary. My aunt apparently had atrial fibrillation all her life and in the last two years had been seeing her GP regularly about it after a suspected minor stroke which I knew nothing about, and had just been put a new medication which in rare cases can have the opposite effect on the heart and cause it to beat too fast and result in sudden death. With no other known medical issues, and taking everything else into consideration, the cause of death will be recorded as sudden ventricular fibrillation and I can now register the death and arrange the funeral.

I text Megan right after and feel so relieved when she replies right away saying she’ll pop over before doing the school run as she has the McGintley’s van again. Within 20 minutes she’s at my door with the baby! Putting the little girl on the floor to play she throws her arms around me and we hold each other for ages only parting when Megan yells in shock.

“Liam look! Look at Yasmin! Oh my word she’s never ever done that! I’ve been trying to get her to do that for months! Oh Yasmin…well done sweetheart!”

I gaze at the little one who has taken hold of my small coffee table and somehow pulled her little body to standing as her older sister looks at her thrilled like she’s just won the lottery. We both cheer and clap as the baby smiles at us and I can’t help thinking how much my aunt would have adored Yasmin as she always did love babies and children. I kneel down on the floor to be at Yasmin’s level and can’t stop myself kissing her little cheek and hugging her like she’s more than just my girlfriend’s baby sister. I wipe a tear from my cheek as the baby touches my face affectionately.

I know I’m vulnerable, emotional too, but I can feel myself getting attached to little Yasmin in a way that scares me and thrills me at the same time. Holding her in my arms makes me feel wanted, needed and even liked as she feels my stubble and pulls at my hair.

“She likes you Liam.”

“Doesn’t she pull everyone’s hair and put her fingers in their mouths then?”

Megan laughs and I gaze at her beautiful face and hope I never ever tire of seeing her pink cheeks, perfect lips and glowing eyes. I have no idea what I would do without her, or her amazing baby sister.

*256*2021-10-18 22:06

Chapter 131

Megan

Just like Monday I pick the boys up after school on Tuesday to drive to Clifton school to get Chelsea, and just like Monday both boys clearly very much need the toilet when they get into the van. With being so busy at home and rushing about looking after Yasmin on my own after Theresa leaves for the hospital I also need to go a lot too so I risk pulling into the retail park to the big Tesco and letting both boys run into the toilets. As I let Rory out the back I suddenly realise that I can’t leave Yasmin and taking her in will add time that I don’t have so I sit in the van with her while the boys go together. Time ticks on and by the time the boys get back I panic about being late for Chelsea so have to hold on all the way to the school and even all the way back.

I keep the boys with me but wish I hadn’t as when I get to Chelsea’s Liz chats away to Anthony and Rory outside for ages while I get the buggy up and Yasmin strapped in, all the time absolutely urgently needing to pee. As I hand Liz the van keys I can’t stand still and she must notice as she quietly asks if I am ok. In all my time working for the McGintley’s I have never once asked to use their bathroom but the thought of the walk home is just too much and I have to ask if I can possibly use their bathroom. I am almost having an accident in front of my employer and my younger siblings when Liz tells me to go in quickly while she watches the boys and Yasmin for me. I have to wait to get safely past Chelsea in her chair, which is almost too much, but once inside I am so glad they showed me around when I was interviewed as I run directly to the wet room on the ground floor and make it in just in time.

When I get home with the boys and Yasmin Iain is there waiting with dad and Theresa. The boys are excited to see their older brother again and run towards him as I collapse the buggy and put it away then leave the baby in the living room with the others while I peel some potatoes and cook them to have with the sausage casserole. I text Liam again but again I get no answer. I don’t have time to worry though as I get dinner organised, eat it and feed Yasmin then head out back to the McGintley’s for work.

I take Chelsea swimming which she loves and then Mr McGintley surprises me by saying if it’s easier I can keep the van for the rest of the week as a thank you for helping them out getting Chelsea to and from school all week. That makes Wednesday morning much easier, combined with the fact I leave Yasmin at home with Iain, and it means when I get a text from Liam after lunch I can immediately head round to see him telling Iain that I am just going to meet a friend before going to get Chelsea from school. I can leave a bit later too since the boys can walk home with their older brother at home for them.

Seeing Liam on Wednesday makes me want to cry. He’s aged even in a few days and he looks gaunt and grey as he answers the door to me. I could have left Yasmin with her brother but as Iain said she’d cried the whole time I was out in the morning and as she’s been loving the journeys with me so far I suggest I take her as normal, much to Iain’s relief.

I put her on the floor in Liam’s living room as I hold my boyfriend tight and comfort him. When I glance down at Yasmin I am amazed and shocked to see shes’s standing up holding onto his coffee table as I point to her in delight at her achievement and say to Liam, though I don’t for a moment expect him to understand how significant a milestone it is for Yasmin. His reaction amazes me every bit as much as Yasmin’s new skill does as he bends down to her level, kisses her cheek, hugs her and holds her in his arms like the most prized possession he owns. He’s so good with her, so natural and loving, that I wonder if Yasmin might be the only one who can truly help him through his overwhelming grief.

I stay for a coffee and long enough to watch Liam eat something, even though it’s only beans on toast, and to let Yasmin show off her new found skill again while Liam and myself snuggle on the two seater couch together while I google how to register a death online and Liam gives my sister some more attention. With the help of details the coroner emails Liam together we somehow manage to register his aunt’s death remotely before I email a funeral director in Chester. They phone back right away and carefully explain the process we need to go through now. I don’t want to leave Liam to collect Chelsea and neither does Yasmin as she cries at being taken to the van. Liam gets so emotional at seeing her crying that I jokingly suggest he comes with me just to keep her from crying.

I laugh as Liam immediately runs inside for his door key promising the baby he’ll be right back then jumping in the back to sit beside Yasmin as I say that I really must go or I’ll be late for Chelsea. I’m on the busy A20 duel carriageway when Liam announces that Yasmin has fallen asleep as he tells me this is the first he’s been out the house since Monday night. I casually ask where he went then and he tells me about his late night adventure down the rocks on the beach. I carry on driving as if this information is nothing to be concerned about but deep inside my heart is breaking for a man who I love dearly but who right now really shouldn’t be alone.

I just wish I could do more for him. I wish I could be there to look after him like he needs right now.

*257*2021-10-19 08:45

Chapter 132

Liam

I don’t want to upset Megan by telling her about Monday night on the rocks but when it comes up in conversation I try to gloss over it like it was nothing. I just needed some space that was all.

I quickly change the subject as we pull off the busy A20 towards Belfast and Chelsea’s school.

“This is some distance just to get to school every day isn’t it? I never even knew kids had to go this far. I guess it happens in England too but I just don’t realise. I just assumed everyone walked to school like I did.”

“It really is quite a way. It must be so hard for the McGintley’s especially with Liz not driving.”

“So did her dad take her before?”

“Emmm, I assume Chelsea has always went on the school bus. I don’t really know to be honest but I know he drives this car. He’s really lovely and been such a help to me. He works at the council as a benefits adviser so I think he just walks to the headquarters. Liz doesn’t work now. I don’t think she keeps that well. Chelsea will love seeing you again. You were a right hit with her when we saw you at the charity shop. She kept looking at the door for you to come back. The thing is though I don’t know how Liz will feel about me having you in the van. Are you ok to get out at the start of the estate and walk back to yours?”

“Of course. Gosh it’s not a very big car park is it?”

“No. It’s not very well laid out either. Took me ages to get out on Monday. I’m just glad Rory came inside with me before we left.”

I slide the back door open from inside as Megan turns the engine off in the school car park facing the large new looking building.

“What happened with Rory then?”

“He hadn’t been to the toilet all day at school and must have been desperate when I picked him up at the end of the day. Poor kid was beside himself holding on all the way here but thankfully he came into the office with me to get Chelsea and the lady in the office let him use their loo. With how long it took to get out the car park he’d definitely have had an accident if he hadn’t come in.”

“Do you want me to come in with you?”

“You forgetting about Yasmin? You ok to wait with her? That’s assuming you aren’t about to pee yourself like Rory was?”

I feel my face reddening but as Megan winks my heart jumps. Her humour, teasing and fun nature is so refreshing and lovely after years of being with Lauren. I glance into the van at the sleeping baby then quickly back to Megan.

“Well if you’re going to leave me can I get a quick kiss first then I’ll let you go?”

Megan laughs and smiles at me as her cheeks redden to match mine. As she steps towards me, checking no-one is around, I go to grab her for a hug and kiss and she jokingly comments,

“We both know what happened the last time you asked for just one kiss don’t we.”

This time it genuinely is just a kiss and a brief hug though I can’t help thinking rather sexy thought as I watch her bottom wiggle as she walks over to the front door of the school to get Chelsea. Never mind her brother being desperate to pee how I would love to see Megan desperate again, especially if she had to wait in a car like it sounds like Rory did. Now that’s a very arousing thought if ever there was one!

*258*2021-10-19 15:37

Chapter 133

Megan

I love having Liam’s company on the drive to get Chelsea. We chat away and I even get a sneaky kiss and cuddle before heading into the school office. Chelsea is super excited when I tell her she has a friend waiting in the van for her as her arms flap ad her legs kick wildly as she sees Liam waiting for her. Seeing Liam with Chelsea always touches me as he chats away to her asking about her day and giggling with her telling her to keep it secret that he came to pick her up. I chuckle to myself as I drive thinking of their little secret that Chelsea will never spill.

The ride home seems to go fast as I pull off the A20 and head towards Bangor and Chelsea’s home. Liam must be watching where I am going as he comments quite suddenly from the back of the van where he’s seated between the girls.

“Chelsea doesn’t live in the Bloomfield does she? Oh my God next you’re going to say she lives on Bankfield Crescent at the house with the ramp access!”

“Number 16! How did you know? You ok if I drop you at the end of this street?”

As I pull the van into a safe place to let Liam out he slides the door of the van and looks at me as I turn to say goodbye.

“Aidan showed me that very house when I started with the council. Chelsea’s mum apparently used to work the reception at the council and now everyone helps out when they can. I was picking up litter up that very ramp just last week! Now I come to .think of it he did tell me the girl was called Chelsea too! I can’t believe I never made the connection. Bye Chelsea! Have a great night!”

As I drive away I’m amazed how small a world it is and how linked I am to Liam. Chelsea goes in all smiles and Yasmin wakes as I drive the van back to my house. It’s great to come in to calm too as Iain has the boys on the floor teaching them chess, dad is watching TV and Theresa is in the kitchen doing some washing up at the sink.

I sit Yasmin in her jumperoo and head into the kitchen to start dinner. Theresa comments how lovely it is for the boys to have their older brother home then asks if I have work again tonight.

“No. Not until Friday, then Saturday and Sunday as usual. You thought any more about the new nursing home in Belfast?”

I put some chicken in a casserole dish with some salt, pepper, butter and garlic and add some roast potatoes in the over tray before closing the oven as I turn and see my sister drying her hands close by.

“Yeah. I feel so bad what with mam still in hospital and gran and papa in the home with so few visitors but this is just such a great opportunity. It’s good money too and I was looking at places to rent earlier. Brendon said he’s going over to check how things are tomorrow and he’s offered to take me over to see it all for myself. I have a really good feeling about this.”

“Belfast isn’t that far away Theresa. It’s not like you’re moving to England or anything is it?”

“That’s true. Hey who’d have thought Rory and Ant would actually get off the Xbox and learn chess! Remember the year Iain got a chess set for Christmas and he was so afraid we’d steal the pieces he refused to get it out the box? We had some good times eh.”

“Oh was that not the same year Shaun got a skateboard too? We all knew he’d break a bone before school went back in January and we were right. Still can’t believe he’s married!”

“I still can’t believe our Aisling is having a baby! When did we all grow up eh Meg?”

“I think that happened quite some time ago it’s just taken you and I a bit longer to realise than the other’s. Hey just imagine you might have your own room soon!”

“A dream come true! No more Megan snoring to put up with! That seals the deal! Fingers crossed I get one of those places I applied for today.”

Looking in at everyone else sitting in the living room she stops to look at me again,

“I’ll tell everyone over dinner tonight. Right, I’m away for a shower. See you in a bit.”

*259*2021-10-20 08:38

Chapter 134

Liam

I don’t get to see much of Megan on either Thursday or Friday but we text often and even call sometimes too. With her older brother home, looking after Yasmin all the time and having to do everything at home with her sister and dad working, plus taking Chelsea to and from school, her days are so full already. I find both days fly in too as my phone and emails are crazy with having to arrange my aunt’s funeral from miles away. I finally have a date for the funeral: Monday 20th April.

This means I need to somehow get back to England, which ironically is proving the hardest part of all. The coffin, flowers, cremation and transport to the service all apparently get added to the funeral bill, which I am in a panic about as I already know I’ll never be able to pay for it. Megan keeps telling me not to think about that just yet and to concentrate on what my aunt would want rather than cost. That’s not easy either as I have no idea what flowers she liked, or colours she loved or hymns she’d have preferred for a service.

Mabel is a good help with some of the service arrangements as is Andrew Watt, the church minister. So many others in my aunt’s church rally round to volunteer for things so I take up their offer of tea and light snacks afterwards in the church hall. Mr Watt promises me there will be no cost for this and I find myself tearful at his kindness. It means so much hearing how loved and highly thought of my aunt was. I don’t think I feel up to sharing anything on the day myself and Andrew understands but is keen to share a memory I might have anyway. I promise to email some when I can.

With over a week still to go to my aunt’s final goodbye, and knowing I will need more time off to go to England to sort my aunt’s affairs, I call Shaun’s office to update them. Linda, his PA, is lovely and she agrees to me coming back to work next week and having my second week of bereavement leave the week of the funeral. It feels so good to think I have work next week to get a break from having to deal with the heaviness of sorting my aunt’s affairs and funeral.

Thursday night Megan texts me with a thought: perhaps Mr McGintley might be able to see if there’s any financial support to help me pay for the funeral? I know I should contact him but I am so embarrassed and ashamed. I also fear that working full time now will mean I don’t qualify for anything and it’ll be a waste of his time and mine. However, Megan, the darling that she is, gets him to call me on Friday. I think my insomnia, and the shock of my aunt dying suddenly, are affecting my memory as the minute I hear his voice I realise who he is: the man who I saw at the council to get the food bank vouchers and who I was in awe of when he pissed so long the first time we met. He takes all my details and says he’ll call me back as he has a client waiting but that he’s hopeful there will be help available.

I text Megan right after to tell her I have met McGintley before and explain about meeting him the day I had my panic attack. Megan seems confused at this as she confesses that it was him she was meeting too the same day. She calls me and I listen as she tells me on the phone how she ran straight from the cafe that day to meet Mr McGintley at the council headquarters and I tell her how I chased after her and sat at the fountain outside feeling sorry for myself waiting to see him myself. I swallow my pride and finally tell my girlfriend that I had to see a benefits advisor to get vouchers for the food bank.

“As if that wasn’t embarrassing enough Megan I had another serious problem that day too. I was absolutely mortified meeting him for the first time because those two mugs of coffee I had in the cafe with you earlier meant I was desperate to go to the toilet. That poor man had to see me sitting in his office holding myself squirming on the seat because I couldn’t hold my bladder a moment longer. Thank God there was toilets there. I would seriously have embarrassed myself even more if he hadn’t showed me where they were. Anyway, after that I’m pretty sure he won’t forget me in a hurry!”

Megan is so sweet about me having had to use the food bank and very understanding and sympathetic about why I am still so embarrassed to contact Mr McGintley. She tells me about her own appointment too that day and shares openly how she she had been on unemployment benefits for over 2 years since her last job made her redundant. What really affects me though is how she goes on to say that she too had sat in the same small room with Mr McGintley right before me also bursting for the toilet but how she was far too shy to ask him and how she had to buzz the dentists on the way home to use their toilet because she couldn’t wait any longer. I can picture in my mind her sitting in a room squirming and trying to hide her growing urgent need to pee and as expected I feel my penis responding predictably.

I haven’t ejaculated for several days with so much on my mind but suddenly I find myself so hard and needy as I whisper to my girlfriend how turned on she’s making me. She only adds to my horniness as she whispers back casually down the phone,

“You’re not the only one baby. I’m sitting in my room waiting for Iain to get out the bath and the whole time I’ve been on the phone to you I’ve been dancing about squirming because I so need a wee. You’re so lucky having your own bathroom you know!”

“Oh sweetheart…I hope you don’t need to wait too much longer. You must be so bursting! I bet you haven’t been since this morning too? Don’t you need to be leaving for Chelsea soon too? I hope he’s not much longer. That would be a very long drive there and back if you were bursting.”

“Oh God Liam. There’s no way I could hold that long. I really need to go…”

I don’t want to get off the phone as I unzip my jeans and release my hard dick as I stroke it gently listening to Megan on the phone as she moans into my mobile telling me how bursting, how desperate, how urgently she wants to urinate as I feel myself getting closer and closer to sexual climax.

I have the fucking best girlfriend in the whole world. Funeral arrangements will need to wait right now as my body needs something that absolutely can’t wait a minute more.

*261*2021-10-20 18:53

{{7 hours ago, pwpj said:

I haven't commented in a while - I couldn't possibly comment about how awesome each part is, but it's still a really lovely story and I hope it continues a long time

}}

Thank you. Still plenty to come yet…as long as people want it

*262*2021-10-20 18:59

Chapter 135

Megan

At dinner on Wednesday, exactly a week after mam was rushed to hospital by ambulance, Theresa tells everyone about her job offer in Belfast and that she’s applied for some places to rent. Anthony seems excited for her asking if he’ll be allowed to visit if she moves out. Rory looks a little down but later as I bath and wash his hair he opens up about his worries.

“Will that mean Theresa wont be here for my birthday either? What if no-one’s here Megan? I suppose I won’t get a party now will I?”

It’s hard to reassure him and I can’t promise him anything either. All I can offer is my best idea, which thankfully cheers him up a lot.

“Rory, have you heard of a wish list? Do you know what they are?”

“Like a list of things you wish for?”

“Sort of. You can do them for all sorts of places like toy shops, book shops, even Amazon. How about before you go to bed tonight you help me make a Rory birthday wish list on my phone and I can email it to Shaun and Lilly, Aisling and Harrison, Iain and Niamh, you can show it to Theresa, dad and Ant and I’ll keep it on my phone to see too. That way you won’t get loads of jigsaw puzzles or things you don’t want now you’re going to be a big 10 and everyone knows what you really want to make your big day special. You could have some friends from school round too and I’ll make a cake and some tea for everyone. How does that sound?”

“You won’t make us play baby things like pass the parcel will you?”

“What? You’re surely not too old for that? Musical bumps then?”

“Meg!!”

“Ok. You get yourself dried and dressed while I rescue Yasmin from Iain. I think he’s had quite enough of ‘That’s not my princess’” for one night eh! I’ll see you downstairs. Fancy a hot chocolate? We’ve not done that in ages!”

Thursday and Friday are hectic juggling the house, my siblings, who’s visiting mam and when and the school runs for Chelsea. The van comes in really handy saving me having to get a taxi back from Tesco with yet more food which Iain pays for this time. It’s so good to have him home and on Thursday evening as I am washing the dinner dishes, with Yasmin in the living room with her brothers showing off her new skill of pulling herself up, Iain stands at the back door having a smoke and we have a lovely chat. He’s the first one I dare to tell about Liam and I only do so as he asks if I have anyone to talk to about stuff. He’s genuinely delighted for me, though I make him promise not to tell anyone else until I am ready.

He promises and goes on to say that he has a girlfriend back at university but he’s not sure yet if he’s quite ready to settle down. He wants to finish his PHD in psychology first. I nod as I wash the pots up as he goes on to say he needs to head back to Belfast at the weekend as he has lectures he needs to be at next week.

“Just one more week though then I get a break for Easter, though I have so much to do for my research. It’ll be weird finishing university after all these years. I’ve applied for a few things Meg but we’ll see what happens eh. Life can change so quickly can’t it? You do such a great job here by the way. Don’t ever underestimate your worth eh sis.”

He finishes his cigarette and closes the back door as I dry my hands and lift Yasmin out her chair.

“What do you reckon to our Theresa possibly leaving too then? I never thought she’d leave mam you know. She’s the closest of us all to her too. Rather ironic that I’m the only older one left at home when mam can’t stand me.”

“You know deep down I think mam adores you Meg. She just struggles to show it with her being so ill.”

“Mmm. I’m not so sure. You heading up to see her tomorrow again?”

“Yip. Oh and Rory told me he’s done a wish list for his birthday. Shame those weren’t around when we were 10! Might have spared me gran’s hand knitted mittens and winter hats. Oh God the memories!”

“Definitely!”

*264*2021-10-21 08:23

{{4 hours ago, Manowar said:

Wow. Another turn of action... Geee Megan, why did you wait so long? Now Theresa is moving to Belfast and Meg stay in this toxic family, which she actually loves so much... But what about her own happynes?

}}

Families are often very complex. We don’t always see things as they truly are when we are right in the midst of things and her love for her younger siblings is clearly very strong. Keep reading to see how things develop though!

*265*2021-10-21 08:29

Chapter 136

Liam

By Friday mid afternoon I have most things arranged for the funeral. My mum even calls me briefly from Spain, though she sounds terrible, saying Leah told her about Ella and that she won’t make it to England. It feels weird hearing from her again without her sounding like she’s at a party of some sort, and for the first time I tell her that I’ve moved from Chester and now live in Northern Ireland. She barely responds to this, sounding tired and weary. I tell her the date of her sister’s funeral and where it will be but by this point she’s rung off and I wonder if I will hear from her again.

Mr McGintley calls back too saying unfortunately because I don’t receive any benefits there’s not any financial help I can get to pay the funeral from the government but he does tell me that there are things I can do. He asks about my aunt’s bank account, her assets and other things and I explain about her owning her house, a car and, I suspect, some moderate savings too. He then talks about ways that these may cover the cost of the funeral and asking if my aunt had a will. I have no idea and without going to her house I can’t even look. I promise him I’ll add it to my things to do when back in England.

After I come off the phone I google the cost of the ferry back to Liverpool, remembering the last time I did the same trip in reverse buying the ticket with cash from Lauren Bennett’s car that I stole. I shudder at what my aunt Ella would have thought of that and think of all the other secrets I kept from her over the years. I’ll now never even get to say sorry.

I’m feeling low again when my mobile goes again. It’s Megan calling again while she’s sitting waiting in the car park at Clifton school for Chelsea to come out. She tells me about her plans to take Chelsea to the cinema tonight and asks if I’d like to come along. Of course I would love to but I don’t have money for the ticket so I explain this to Megan and, as I could have predicted, she offers to pay. I am still unsure, but she somehow manages to convince me and I agree to meet her at the corner of Belfast road where it joins the high street at ten past five. I make myself another coffee and some toast and jam then get ready to go out.

I hadn’t even noticed how nice a day it is as I walk to Belfast road and wait to be picked up. Megan is right on time and I jump in the front beside her as she drives the mile or so to the retail park and the big cinema that as yet I haven’t been in. I help Megan get the wheelchair out the van as Chelsea smiles and blows raspberries at me as her arms spasm and her legs jump.

“What are we watching then girls?”

“Oh that’s Chelsea’s choice. She’s great at choosing aren’t you Chelsea.”

I watch as Megan uses her hands to get Chelsea to choose between different children’s films, amazed at how patient and intuitive Megan is with Chelsea. Chelsea makes a clear choice and Megan leaves me with the wheelchair while she purchases the tickets. She returns with three drinks and a large tub of popcorn and I run over to her to help her carry them. It takes a lot of juggling for us to get the wheelchair, the popcorn and the drinks all into the theatre but it’s worth it when we see the disabled access area right in the middle of the theatre as I sit the drinks into the seat slots and help Megan get the wheelchair in and the brakes on. The wheelchair blocks the exit quite a bit at that side so I walk around the full theatre and enter the row from the other side as more people start arriving and getting seated. Megan climbs past Chelsea to sit beside her and we settle down as the lights dim and the trailers start.

I search in the dim lights for Megan’s hand and feel content and comfortable hoping I don’t fall asleep during the movie. I turn my mobile off and settle down, hearing a little giggle from Chelsea as the screen counts down to the start of the movie.

*266*2021-10-21 16:24

Chapter 137

Megan

Friday morning after I get home from taking Chelsea to school I get a text from Liz saying that the bus company have finally agreed to reinstate an escort on the school bus and so she’s agreed to trial Chelsea back in the school bus from Monday. I’m delighted for them, though I can’t deny I will miss having their van to drive around in all day. However, it will make the mornings and afternoons much less stressful, especially with Iain returning to university and Theresa busy with work. I tell Liz I will leave the van back with them tonight after taking Chelsea out and then ask her if it’s ok to take Chelsea to the cinema. Liz agrees but reminds me to call the Odeon ahead to make sure the theatre has wheelchair spaces free.

I haven’t even hung up to Liz when the house phone goes. Iain is upstairs so I race to answer it before it goes onto the answer machine. It’s Aisling checking if she’s on the rota later to visit mam. I walk to the kitchen, with Yasmin crawling around at my feet and clinging to my legs, and check. When I confirm she is she says that she’s been sick all night and has a doctor’s appointment at 1:50 to hopefully get some anti sickness tablets because Harrison is getting concerned about her ongoing sickness still. I tell her to look after herself and let me know how she gets on and not to worry about mam. I remind her that Iain is still here so he should be able to visit instead and she rushes off to be sick again. I pray to St. Anthony for a miracle for my sister to stop being sick in her pregnancy, pick up Yasmin to take her to the living room and sit on the floor to play with her.

Iain comes downstairs and I update him on Aisling asking him if he can visit mam instead. He goes into the kitchen and comes back with some biscuits and tea then sits down handing me a mug of tea and giving Yasmin a rich tea biscuit.

“I was wondering Meg…I can go see mam tonight with dad before I leave tomorrow. What about you pop up to see her this afternoon and then I can be in for the boys from school?”

“I’ve got Chelsea to pick up though. And I’m not sure mam would even want to see me anyway. Maybe Lilly could go? Shaun will be at work, same with Theresa and Harrison, Niamh isn’t here obviously, and dad’s at work. I can’t even think who else could go if you don’t.”

“If I go wouldn’t you need to take the boys with you? That’s a lot of running around when you’ve got work tonight too. Isn’t Ulster hospital not in the same direction as Chelsea’s school too? The boys said you went on the A20 towards Belfast. You could visit mam then go straight for Chelsea could you not?”

“What about Yasmin?”

“She can stay here with me, can’t you sweetie? I mean you can take her if you really want but I’m not sure a Psych ward is ideal for a 1 year old.”

“I’m not sure it’s ideal for a 22 year old either to be honest!”

Iain goes quieter before saying under his breath, “I don’t think it’s ideal for mam either to be honest. She was so low yesterday when I saw her. I think it will do her good to see you you know.”

“Has she mentioned me then?”

“Not while I’ve been there no but dad took in a photo of everyone and put it on mam’s cabinet.”

I pass a toy to Yasmin and shuffle nearer to her on the floor then sip at my tea.

“I bet I’m not in it.”

“You should go see.”

“I suppose.”

I lift Yasmin and hand her to Iain while I get her some milk. After warming her bottle I hand it to Iain then head back to the kitchen to make myself a sandwich.

“Ok Iain. I’ll leave in the next hour or so, visit mam, pick up Chelsea, and then I’ll be back. I should be home about ten past 4 but then I need to leave before 5 for work again. There’s some frozen beef burgers in the freezer and salad in the fridge and oven chips in the freezer. If I go visit mam you reckon you could do dinner for me getting back?”

“Deal! Will Theresa be home before dad and I go up to the hospital later tonight if you’re at work?”

“She said she would.”

“Great.”

I eat my sandwich in the kitchen and have a glass of juice knowing I won’t get a chance to be home again until dinner. I sort out some nappies and wipes for Yasmin for when she wakes from her nap and put a bowl with some baby food in the fridge too. I then find a clean bib to hang over the high chair ready and then head upstairs to put some washing away and to use the toilet before getting myself ready. I notice Iain has put Yasmin in her cot in mam and dad’s room but when I try the bathroom door it’s locked. 

Iain shouts that he’s just having a bath while Yasmin naps so I head to my room to wait and call Liam. I’m on the phone for a while all the time dancing and fidgeting while Liam tells me all about how he’s met Mr McGintley before and how he’s recently been using a food bank. He shares how he was so desperate to pee the day he first saw him and I tell him about how I was so bursting that day too that I had to use the dentist’s loo on the way home. The whole time I am getting more and more desperate myself and I can’t help telling Liam that knowing it may well be turning him on.

I beg my brother to hurry up before I leave for hospital but he’s taken the radio in with him as I hear music coming from behind the door so I need to either hold on all the way to Chelsea’s school and back or pee somewhere else. I race downstairs and use a cereal bowl from the drying rack to pee inti as it’s the first thing I see. It’s nowhere near big enough but I pee what it will contain and hold the rest as I quickly wash the bowl and leave it to soak in the sink. I wash my hands, grab my handbag and anorak and the van keys and race to Ulster hospital to see my mam, still needing to pee but having to leave regardless.

I manage to park, eventually, and find the psychiatric wing easily. Mam is sitting up in bed without any wires or drips attached to her and there’s a hint of a smile as she sees me enter her four bedded room. I sit beside her and for the next hour we actually talk, not about anything really meaningful but more general updates and news on how everyone in the family is. I tell her about Chelsea and having the McGintley’s bus but don’t mention anything about Liam. I’m not ready for her to know about him yet at all. As I leave I check the photo on mam’s bedside and, as suspected, I am not in it. It was taken at Yasmin’s 1st birthday and I think I might have been the one told to take it. At least I was there, I guess that’s something. I leave sharp still very much needing to pee but in too much of a hurry to be able to search for a toilet.

I arrive at Clifton school in time for Chelsea getting out and call Liam while I wait. I don’t get time to tell him about seeing my mam but I so need to see him so I persuade him to come to the cinema tonight with me. I drive Chelsea home then drive back to mine where Iain has dinner almost ready. Thankfully Theresa is home, as is dad, and we all sit at the dining table eating dinner before I need to rush back out again, still not getting any time to use the bathroom!

It’s not until I sit down at the cinema, blocked in by Chelsea’s chair beside me and an entire row of people the other side of me, that I slow down enough to realise something: I really really should have went to the ladies before the film started. I’ve-been needing to go so long already that the thought of waiting right through a film is horrendous.

*267*2021-10-22 08:33

Chapter 138

Liam

I feel myself dosing slightly in the warm theatre with the dim lights despite the film playing loudly. Loud laughter brings me round again as I notice my drink and take a long gulp of the sweet liquid to help me stay awake. I glance over at Chelsea, who seems enthralled with the big screen, but Megan, in contrast, seems restless and unsettled. As the movie goes a little quieter I lean towards her and whisper in her ear to ask if she’s ok.

“Not really. I kind of need the ladies.”

“Badly?”

“It’s quite distracting. I can’t leave Chelsea though so I’ll need to wait.”

I glance along at the amount of other people in the row with us and hold Megan’s hand. Trying to get the wheelchair out so she can get past would be so tricky in the dark but getting past another 8 or so people in the row would be just as difficult too. I feel bad for her, but once the film is over I will happily stay with Chelsea to let her go if she wants.

It’s just wether she can wait that long.

I watch the film for a bit hearing Megan moving every so often on her seat. I clasp her hand tighter and go to rest my arm over her shoulder. She moves closer with her legs now curled on the fold up seat. She pulls my head closer and whispers to me,

“Wish this film would go quicker!”

“You still ok to wait?”, I whisper back.

“Not really got a choice have I?”

Despite my tiredness I feel a familiar twitching between my legs as all ideas of watching the film disappear quickly as my mind immediately fills with thoughts that are quite inappropriate for a public cinema! Even though I know it’s unlikely anyone nearby can see my growing erection I still cover my crotch with my other hand regardless. Just the thought of my beautiful Megan Murphy being bursting for the toilet drives me wild with desire, for the second time in one day! It takes huge effort to stay composed and not stroke my hard dick through my jeans. I have to force myself to get distracted as I pick up my drink and sip some more then lean down to get the tub of popcorn to snack on.

I offer Megan some popcorn, which she readily takes, as she rearranges her body on the seat yet again. Even with the volume of the movie I can still hear her chair squeaking as she fidgets on it and I can feel her legs bouncing. Just knowing she’s right beside me in public with a very full bladder thrills me, though of course I’d never want my girlfriend to be humiliated or embarrassed.

I try and focus more on the film as just hearing Megan moving and seeing her out the corner of my eye is turning me on so much. Surprisingly for a children’s film it is funnier than I expected and I find myself chuckling along at some quirky one liners as I see Chelsea still totally enthralled with the whole experience. Megan is now sitting crossed legged nibbling at the popcorn as I wonder how she’s doing. I’m desperate to ask her but equally trying not to think about it at the same time as it sends my mind spiralling into sexy thoughts that I can’t act on in a public cinema.

I’m amazed to see Megan sipping at her drink though as I wonder what the added liquid must be doing to her already very full bladder. She’s let go of my hand now as she once again changes position on her seat, now sitting with one leg underneath her bottom as I watch in the dim light as she wiggles subtly on the chair trying to watch the film. In my mind I can hear her voice from earlier as she told me down the phone how bursting she was and how much she needed her brother to get out the bath. Surely she got to pee before leaving home? She rang off before I ever found out as she said she had to get ready to leave for the school run. That was hours ago.

There’s surely no way she could still be holding from way back then?

*268*2021-10-22 16:50

Chapter 139

Megan

All through the hour at hospital talking with mam I could feel that annoying tingling feeling that I ought to find a toilet soon. I did look in the corridor on my way out but there wasn’t any I could see and the ones in the room had a huge notice saying patients only. Driving to Clifton school I need to concentrate on the road a lot more than usual as I’m coming in a different way from normal.My thoughts are on so many other things as I long to tell my boyfriend, my best friend, about seeing mam for the first time since she took an overdose. I have this urgent need to see him as I sit in the car park and ring him hoping he can come to the cinema with me tonight. It might only be a children’s film but I’d still get to see him at least.

I manage to persuade him by saying I’ll pay for his ticket then I have to go as the school bell rings. Chelsea’s eyes light up when I tell her as I wheel her to the van that I’m taking her to the cinema tonight. I secure her chair and climb in the driver’s side, quickly pressing my hand between my legs before I set off as my bladder reminds me quite firmly that I still really need to wee. As usual I chat away to Chelsea in the back telling her Liam is coming along to the cinema too and joking with her that she had better not steal my boyfriend. I see her arms moving happily in the mirror and hear her happy noises as I head alone the A20 towards Bangor.

As I turn into Belfast Road and indicate to turn into the Bloomfield estate I have to fidget in the seat a bit as I actually find myself telling Chelsea about my situation.

“Oh goodness Chelsea, I hope your mam is outside waiting for you. I tell you something I can’t wait to get back to mine. I’ve been needing to pee for ages and I can’t wait to get home to the loo.”

Of course she doesn’t reply but it feels good to share my need nevertheless. Thankfully Liz is outside waiting and I hand over Chelsea with her school bag promptly because I need to get back for her in an hours time. I put my seatbelt back on, glancing in the mirror to make sure Liz isn’t watching, as I once again grab between my kegs to hold back my bladder.

It’s just a quick drive to mine and I plan on going to the bathroom as soon as I get in. Unfortunately I open the front door to Yasmin trying to crawl up the stairs so I instantly pick her up and carry her through to dad and Theresa who are both in the living room talking. I tell them where I found her as I place her safely in her jumperoo as dad comments he might have to think about putting the safety gates back up soon. I am just turning back to head upstairs to the toilet finally when Iain calls me from the kitchen asking me to check if I think the burgers are fully cooked. I tell him about where I found Yasmin too and he apologies saying he’s been so busy trying to get dinner ready on time that he forgot she wasn’t in her jumperoo and he thought dad and Theresa were watching her.

Next thing I find myself sitting down eating dinner squirming on the chair thinking the second I have finished I will run upstairs and pee. Dad is the one to ruin that idea as he asks if anyone has heard from Aisling about how mam was when she visited. I look at Iain and he looks at me as we both go silent wondering what to say. Eventually Iain admits that Aisling called to say she was too sick to go and dad immediately looks worried and asks if Iain went instead. He says no as he had to be in for the boys getting home from school but doesn’t mention me going, thankfully. Dad isn’t happy and I know that as soon as he finds out I went to see mam he’ll be very cross. I daren’t say any more as I talk to the boys about school to lighten the atmosphere.

Iain clears the plates away and gets yoghurts out the fridge for pudding as he comments on the time. I hand Yasmin’s half eaten yoghurt to Theresa next to me to keep feeding the baby as I grab my anorak and have to rush right back out still having not managed to pee!

So by the time I get to the cinema I really really need to go but having Chelsea with me makes that so much more complicated. The foyer is busy and I am anxious to make sure we get seats in the screen for the film Chelsea chose. When I finally get to the front of the queue I order drinks and popcorn too while I am there and then suddenly realise it’s impossible for me to get to the ladies now with having to carry the drinks and push the chair!

I am anxious to make sure Chelsea’s wheelchair is secure in the row given how much her limbs move due to her conditions. I don’t even think about how Liam or I will get in as I’m so stressed about fixing the chair and the fact I need to find a toilet. Liam walks right around the full theatre to get into his seat as I carefully climb over Chelsea and sit down just as the adverts start and the lights dim.

Very quickly I realise what a mistake I have made as I find myself struggling to get comfortable on the fold down seat. I must be distracting Liam as he whispers if I am ok and I confess to him that I need to go to the loo. When he asks if I can wait I sigh looking at the full row of people in the row and reply that I don’t have much choice.

But as the movie continues the tingling just gets stronger and stronger and I find myself fidgeting and squirming constantly. I don’t think I’m going to manage to wait until the end of the film as I sit on my foot and wiggle trying to keep my bladder at bay. I check Chelsea and offer her a drink before nibbling at the popcorn and sipping my own drink. I cuddle into Liam’s arm as much as I can and cross my legs tightly. I try watching the film but my body is too full, too desperate, too much in need, to be able to relax.

Liam glances at me again in the dimmed lights and I whisper into his ear:

“I’m going to have to go. I can’t wait any longer!”

He places a hand on my knee and whispers back,

“That won’t be easy. You sure you can’t wait a bit longer?”

*270*2021-10-23 11:58

{{18 hours ago, wannawatch said:

Another arousing chapter! Thank you for sharing.

}}

Thank you for reading!

*271*2021-10-23 14:16

Chapter 140

Liam

To think I wasn’t keen on coming to the cinema tonight too! Wow. I would seriously have missed the best show ever…and I don’t mean the film! To be honest it’s impossible to get into the film at all knowing that Megan is right beside me desperate to pee. I watch her out of the corner of my eye as she moves in her seat, fidgeting around and shaking and tapping her legs. Yet again she has on one of her adorable maxi skirts that go to her calves as she squirms beside me and I imagine the intense pressure between her legs.

The film isn’t even half way through when she whispers to me that she’s going to have to go. Part of me expected this was coming but a part of me is hugely disappointed too. I chance asking her if she can hold on longer, rather selfishly I admit. Even in the dim lights though her absolute desperation shows on her face; her eyes glazing over and almost crying, her cheeks flushed, her mouth clenched. While the colour of her skirt can’t be seen by anyone else in the dark I know that it’s light cream colour will show even the smallest of leaks and I don’t want Megan feeling that shame.

I stand up and pull my body back to allow my beautiful Megan to get passed me as her body stance and hurried moves tell me that time isn’t really on her side. I watch avidly as one by one she slowly excuses herself and squeezes past each person in the row as I hear rustling, murmurs and soft ‘excuse me please’ whispers getting quieter yet more urgent sounding as Megan makes her way along the line. Next thing I hear feet hurriedly hitting the metal ends of the carpeted stairs and I just about make out a lone figure the other side of the auditorium heading quickly down to the bottom of the theatre to get out to the toilets. 

This is followed by a shadowy figure running right in front of the huge screen, her body bent forwards unnaturally and her feet racing to get her somewhere rather obvious as quickly as possible. My heart is pounding but just then over the noise of the movie I hear a young child from near the front announcing loudly, ‘I need the toilet too’ and a taller figure holding the hand of a young child races out right behind Megan.

As I glance over at Chelsea smiling and rocking in her chair as she escapes into the storyline and characters my mind is other place entirely. I eat some popcorn and sip at my drink but I too am now restless on the seat, not because my bladder is full but because my hormones are rampant and my erection is hard to hide. It makes zero difference that my body is tired and that I already released earlier in the day, the image of that shadowy figure running across the bottom of the screen bent forwards is now making my mouth dry and my heart beat fast. Has Megan made it? What if there was a queue? Are her knickers completely dry? I cross my legs awkwardly as I try to switch back to the movie rather unsuccessfully.

Time seems to stand still while Megan is gone. I’m on edge, anxious and thinking all sorts of both sexy and embarrassing thought about what might have happened in the corridor outside. Until Megan returns I am left to my wild imaginations which only serve to make my hard on even more prominent.

Finally Megan returns as I see her shadow faintly coming in the door at the bottom and quietly coming up the ramp towards the row I am on with Chelsea. I watch as she bends down close to Chelsea and whispers something to her. I wish I could hear what she is saying! She then carefully steps past Chelsea’s legs and the footplates of the chair as she slumps back into her pull down chair beside me. I’m so desperate to know if she made it as I lean my head in to whisper to her, but as I do so she places her index finger over my mouth to shush me then she goes back to drinking her juice, eating the popcorn and watching the film, looking much more relaxed. I’m left waiting and wondering throughout the remainder of the movie.

She does cuddle into me though and hold my hand but the not knowing wether she made it to the ladies on time or not hangs in the air throughout the rest of the film and as we leave the theatre. All the way out to the van I am desperate to ask her but the combination of crowds of people, a busy car park and Megan acting likes she’s in a hurry means there just isn’t any opportunity to say anything.

I’m about to ask again when the doors of the van finally close and we have some privacy when Megan puts her seat belt on, looks right into my eyes and tells me something that is so incredible it makes my head spin.

*273*2021-10-23 21:07

Chapter 141

Megan

I didn’t have any choice about holding any longer even though I could understand why Liam suggested it. The embarrassment and inconvenience of struggling to get past 8 or 9 strangers in the row was very off putting but I seriously had no other choice. In the dimmed lights I did my best to squeeze past as quietly as possible trying my best not to spill any drinks or knock anything over on the floor. As soon as I was out the line I raced down the wide stairs as quickly as I could, grateful as always to have my trusty flat footwear on. I knew every single person in the packed auditorium would see me race across the bottom of the screen but by this point it was so urgent I was past caring. My heart was racing, my face pink, my body sweating and my urethra screaming at me intensely and threatening to burst any second. Squeezing actually stung a little just trying to keep everything inside just a minute longer.

Once under the tunnel leading to the public corridor I rammed a hand between my legs and hobbled as fast as I could hearing a young child behind me telling someone their ‘pee pee was about to come out’. I knew exactly how they felt as sweat beads formed all over my body as adrenaline alone carried me towards the ladies I needed so so badly. The only thing keeping me going was the faint encouragement of an adult voice behind me telling the child that she was almost there now and it would be ok. I clung onto those words like they alone could save me and keep my muscles tight as I tried to remove my hand from my scrunched up skirt as I walked through the double doors into the brightly lit public corridor, but doing so caused a sudden release that shocked me and made me clutch myself tightly once again.

Scanning the corridor like my very life was at stake I stood there frozen trying to look for any signposts or even signs of a toilet. As if they were an angel sent from God himself the adult behind me now reached me, a young girl beside them younger than Rory marching on the spot, as the tall male looked at me hopefully.

“The ladies are just around that corner. If I wait outside would you mind taking Layla here in to save me having to find the disabled one please?”

I look at the tall dark haired man then back to myself as I realise how I must look to him with one hand tightly between my constantly moving legs. I pause, just enough for another leak to escape, as the child dances around madly holding herself too.

“Daddy my pee pee won’t wait.”

I haven’t replied to the man’s request but regardless he kneels down to face his daughter and gently touches her as she continues jigging around.

“This kind lady will take you into the ladies because daddy isn’t allowed in unfortunately. I’ll be waiting right outside for you though. Ok?”

She nods as I follow them round the corner to the toilets and I push open the door while the child’s father remains outside. Just inside there’s a second door before we finally see the cubicles we both yearn for so badly. The child rushes to one, not even closing the door and I rush urgently into the one next door, my body at its absolute final point of holding back as I pull my skirt up and attempt to pull my pants down. Hearing a surprisingly loud pee from next door is the last straw as I try to get my knickers off while quietly moaning.

It’s just too late though as I explode ferociously through my underwear into the toilet as the child in the cubicle beside me sobs quietly. While my bladder erupts steadily I shout next door.

“Are you ok there?”

“I want my daddy.”

“He’s just outside sweetheart. You’ll see him in a minute.”

“Some of my pee pee was naughty.”

“That’s ok. Some of mine was too. I had to go really badly.”

“I did too.”

She didn’t say anything else as we could both hear my pee continuing to pour out loudly into the toilet long after she had finished. Finally my stream ended as I rubbed my exhausted bladder and slipped out of my soaking wet pants, suddenly very glad I didn’t wear tights. Looking around the small basic cubicle I wondered what to do with my underwear as I did the only thing I could think of:I pushed them into the sanitary bin, wiped myself dry then flushed and left the cubicle without any knickers on. As I opened the cubicle door I saw the young girls standing facing me, her flowery leggings clearly damp at the crotch and her face wet with tears.

I thought about my own younger siblings and my heart broke for that girl so I bent down and quietly asked her if she’d like me to dry her clothes off as best I could with the hand dryer. She nodded and I helped her step out her leggings as I covered her with my cardigan incase anyone walked in. Thankfully the leggings dried quickly under the warm hand dryer as the little girl tapped my arm and as I handed her back her dry leggings she quietly confessed her pants were damp too. I didn’t feel comfortable drying a strange child’s underwear so I helped her put her leggings back on and told her reassuringly that I was sure her pants would dry quickly.

I gave her toilet roll to wipe her eyes as we both washed our hands then returned to the main corridor where the child took her dad’s hand and skipped back to the theatre as I made my way back too.

I guessed Liam would want to know if I made it but a busy theatre of movie watchers wasn’t the right place to explain what had happened so I shushed him and planned to tell him privately when the time was right. It took so much longer to leave with having to get past everyone with the wheelchair in tow as I suddenly realised the time and tried to get Chelsea home before her parents got worried.

Even though the weather was warming the evenings were still chilly and damp and climbing into the driving seat of the van the cold seat startles me as I turn to face Liam before I start the engine.

“I wasn’t expecting the seat to be so cold. It’s even making my you know what shiver with not having any knickers on!”

His mouth drops and his eyes light up like saucers…

“What?”

“It’s not my fault Liam! You know I was bursting to go this afternoon when we were on the phone and Iain was in the bath? Well he didn’t get out before I had to leave so I had to pee in whatever I could find. I went in a cereal bowl but even that wasn’t enough and I hadn’t had a minute to go since! I had to go see mam in hospital because Aisling is still being sick, then had to get Chelsea from school, then when I got back home no-one was watching Yasmin and she was trying to climb the stairs, then I had to eat dinner super quick then get out to come here! I’d literally been bursting for hours and by the time I climbed out the row and found the toilets it was too late to get my pants down in time. They were so wet I just dumped them in the sanitary bin. Is that the time? God I better get Yasmin back to hers before the McGintley’s send out a search party!”

*274*2021-10-24 12:00

Chapter 142

Liam

I stare at Megan in shock still as she starts the van and reverses out of the parking space. Right beside me is a young woman I utterly adore and fancy, who twice in one day has taken my breath away with her desperation, and who now somehow manages to top that exquisitely by announcing she wet her knickers so badly she had to dump them in a sanitary bin! Fucking hell, I’m in awe and blown away as I feel my penis practically exploding in my jeans. My mouth is dry despite all the juice I drank during the film and my entire body yearns for Megan in a way I can’t even describe. I have to touch her. I have to know I’m not dreaming.

I reach over and touch Megan’s hand lightly as she changes gear then I finally turn to face the front as I try to speak coherently.

“Oh my God Megan. I fucking adore you!”

She laughs as she moves her hand from under mine and returns it to the steering wheel.

“I didn’t know what else to do with them did I? I could hardly walk back into the theatre holding them in front of me like some sort of trophy now could I?”

“Oh fuck! That would have been worth seeing!”

Chelsea makes a noise behind as I suddenly remember she’s there and turn to see her.

“Don’t you go telling anyone our little secrets eh Courtney? I bet Megan’s nothing like who your parents think, what do you reckon? Sneaking me into the van yesterday to get you from school then sneaking me in again tonight to come with you to the cinema. And then on top of that driving your van knickerless! Is this how all your personal assistants act young lady?”

I hear the sweet chuckles of Megan in the front as Chelsea’s arms and legs move wildly and her noises tell me, even from my brief times with her, that she’s happy too. It’s not even been a week since I heard of my aunt suddenly dying and yet I too feel happy, almost guiltily so, as Megan interrupts the gaiety with her sensible reality.

“Right you two! What did I warn you Chelsea about stealing my boyfriend eh? I’m afraid Liam needs to go now. I’ll pull in at the Lidl car park and then turn into the estate from the other side. You promise us you won’t tell your mum and dad about Liam coming too Chelsea? I can’t afford to get the sack and I happen to really like you too. So this will be another of our little secret eh sweetie?”

And just like that Megan indicates to pull into the almost empty car park and I get out the van waving to my girlfriend as she drives away to drop Chelsea back home. The cold evening air catches me as I zip my coat up and start walking towards my flat as I remember to turn my mobile back on as I walk. The streets are quiet and dark as I quicken my step realising that now not only am I still very horny but that I also need to get home to my loo too, all the fizzy juice from the cinema finally catching up on me.

Climbing the steps to my front door I have this awesome memory of the previous Saturday when Megan sneaked out to mine in a taxi after midnight after I’d had a night out with my best mate Gareth. As I turn the key on my front door I vividly remember doing the exact same movement that day and turning to see .Megan holding her skirt up at her side, hunkered down and peeing freely on the very step I now stand on. I shudder at the reaction this memory has on my body as I press my swollen dick through my jeans and step into my small flat.

I look into the master bedroom as I pass thinking of the one night Megan stayed over and how the bed felt so much warmer and more comfortable with her body there beside mine. Now the same bed feels cold, lonely and way too big for one as I wish with all my heart that Megan was able to come back, not just tonight but permanently. I pass the door on the opposite side looking into the small spare room for the first time imagining it as perhaps a small nursery or little child’s room with a cot instead of the old futon, and child friendly curtains instead of the plain green ones there at present. 

I still have my hand clutching the end of my anatomy, both because I am still very turned on but also because I really do need to piss. I should turn and go to the toilet behind me but instead I suddenly think of little Yasmin and dreaming of her playing in the room that Flavius has been using. It’s just a dream but still I can picture it clearly as I head into the living room and stop at the coffee table facing me where just the other day Yasmin used it to pull herself to stand for the first time ever.

When I first arrived in Ireland the thought of finally living alone, having my independence, not being controlled anymore, thrilled me so much. Now the very flat that just weeks ago was a place of excitement, the start of a fresh chapter, a new beginning, just feels so lifeless, so lonely, so empty as I’ve grown accustomed to the lovely company of Megan, her little sister and the girl she cares for for a living.

I miss Megan. I miss Yasmin. I miss having family like Chelsea, Megan and even my boss Shaun all take for granted. I don’t even have my faithful aunt Ella any more as I desperately want to call her and see how she is.

With no-one else to even text I send Gareth a brief text suddenly realising I have yet to tell him the date and time of the funeral. With one hand holding my penis to prevent an accident and standing crossed legged in my own living room I text him all he needs to know.

“Hi, busy day here. Lots arranged and funeral for aunt Ella on Monday 20th April in Ebenezer Baptist church, Francis Street, Chester 11am. Hope you can come. Saw Megan again today too. Going back to work next week then hopefully getting ferry to Liverpool next weekend. Hope all is well with you mate. ”

I toss my phone onto the two seater couch and run to the bathroom, making it just in time and no more!

&&

&&

&&

