Gaara Omorashi

Author: おしっこ我慢

*000*2010-11-06 06:16

'Gaara, wake up.' came a soft voice from beside him. 'Nyynn...' he moaned and slowly opened his darkened eyes. Sasuke was shaking him gently, rousing him from sleep. 'What is it? Are we there yet?' he asked.

'We still have quite a long ride ahead of us.' Sasuke replied.

'Well, then what? A service station?' He hoped so, he needed to take a leak. He began to stretch out.

'Unfortunately not that either. One of the teachers just got a message that there is a huge storm coming this way. Im not sure whats happening, but I think we need to stop for shelter somewhere.' Sasuke sounded slightly worried. Naruto was happily bouncing around the bus.

They were on their way to camp. There were many people on the bus. The teachers tried to not appear worried, but this was supposed to be a big one. A huge one. There was a chance of tornadoes.

As Gaara looked out the window, he could see the clouds already taking on a dangerous, stormy hue. He shivered. He had quite the fear of storms. Well, especially lightning. Being naturally sand-affiliated, storms were just not to his taste.

Sasuke had his back to him, quietly informing the other students of the situation. Gaara took a sip of his coke, now watery because the ice in it had melted, and another bite of his cold burger. After setting his food back down, he realized his urge to pee was getting pretty bad. He shifted in his seat.

Not to worry though. Once they arrived at their next stop, Gaara could go.

It wasn't too long before they stopped off at a hotel and the teachers hopped off to go request temporary hospitality until the storm passed. Gaara was thankful they had stopped, he really needed to go. He stood up.

'Gaara, what are you doing?' asked Kakashi, the supervising teacher on the bus. 'Are we not allowed to get out?' he asked.

'Just wait and see if we can stay here or not.'

Gaara sat down, blushing a tiny bit. He caught Sasuke's eye on him.

The teachers came back 10 minutes later, windblown and downcast. The hotel was unavailable to stay in. Or at least, thats what the hotel managers had said.

The wind had really picked up now, and it was raining slightly. They had no choice but to keep going to find shelter somewhere else.

'I need to peeeee.' Naruto moaned loudly. Sasuke coughed. 'Im sorry but there will be no stops, we cannot afford to. We need to keep looking for shelter or we could be in considerable danger.' Said Iruka.

'Naaaww.' He groaned, sitting atop his seat, chewing some fries.

Gaara shifted. He was beginning to really feel the pressure from his bladder, and let out a tiny moan. He decided to cross his legs.

½ an hour later, the storm was almost upon them. Heavy rain pelted the windows. Some of the girls had started to cry. Gaara almost wanted to, he could hear thunder rumbling in the distance. And his bladder felt like bursting. Though it was humid inside the bus, he jumped up and grabbed his hoodie from the top compartment.

'Are you cold, Gaara?' Sasuke asked, deadpan. He had just been sitting back, reading, for most of the time. A boring bus partner for most, but it suited Gaara just fine.

'Ah, yes. I am.' In actual reality it was simply so he could hold his throbbing length without anyone seeing. He proceeded to do so. He thought he saw a tiny smirk playing on Sasuke's lips.

He crossed his legs back over, resting his head against the back of the seat, sighing. Im in danger of having an accident. I could...wet myself.

The thought terrified him. He couldn't let anyone know. Especially Sasuke. Or Naruto. He found himself involuntarily jiggling, but there wasn't a lot he could do about it.

20 more minutes were spent being denied from another hotel. Iruka, Shikamaru, and Kakashi were on the verge of panic. Some students were already panicking. Gaara was among them, in the moments he could spare thought away from his bursting bladder.

He was biting his lip. The bus drove unsteadily along the bumping road. The strength of the wind was causing it to sway. Everytime this happened he nearly lost control of his urine. A particularly strong gust made the bus shudder.

A squeak of fright escaped him. Sasuke turned slowly to him.

'Gaara, are you ok? You seem a bit.....Frightened.' he said quietly.

'No, Im fine.' He replied back, maybe too quickly. Kakashi stood up to address the bus.

'Everyone, as you know there is a huge storm almost upon us. Now, there is no need to panic, but we are unable to find shelter before it strikes us, so we are just going to have to bide it out. There will be no one allowed out of their seats. Keep your seatbelts on. '

'What about student who need to pee?' asked Rock-Lee. Beside him, Neji rolled his eyes. 'Well hopefully no one has to, considering we stopped at that station a while back.' Gaara went stiff.

We DID?!

'Aww but I slept through that!' Naruto groaned, bouncing on top of his seat. 'Too bad!' Iruka replied back. Gaara grinded back and forth in his seat. Once more, Sasuke was looking at him.

'You wouldn't happen to need a restroom, would you, Gaara?' he asked, a knowing glint in his eyes. 'Dont be ridiculous.' He snarled back.

'Well, you did sleep through the rest stop. And you seem agitated.' Sasuke smiled at him. 'No, it's not that at all. It's...the storm.'

Well, that was a half truth.

'Of course.' Sasuke turned away from him. BUMP!

The bus flew over a speedbump in the road. Gaara cried out as he felt a hot rush of warmth in his pants. He had wet himself a fair bit. It had taken a lot of willpower to get that control back.

He didn't have the best control because he never found himself in desperate situations, never exercised those muscles.

'O-Ohh-' He grabbed himself hard, turning a deep red. The pressure against his length was simply unbearable, every movement made him flinch in agony. The storm shook the bus heaps, the lighting killed his nerves.

The rain pounded the bus as it drove along the road. 'Thats it, we are going to have to stop.' Shikamaru shouted to the busdriver, who nodded thankfully.

They pulled to a stop on the empty road. Gaara sighed audibly. It was relief. He still had to go though. Suddenly, he heard the sound of urination. He went dead pale for a second, before realizing it was not him. It was in fact Naruto, releasing his pent up urine into a bottle.

Gaara groaned.

If only he could do the same. He wouldn't, of course. There was silence. Then all of a sudden

BOOM. SHUDDER. The bus rocked on its wheels.

'Aaghh!' a girl screamed, accompanied by a few others. Some of the boys cried out, including Gaara.

Another spurt. Tears formed in his eyes as he realized he wasn't going to make it. He was going to wet his pants. He choked back a sob – he knew the wet spot would be visible on his beige cargoes.

SHUDDER. The bus had visibly tipped. Gaara's empty drink fell off the tray. He jiggled his thighs together, rubbing his knees up and down. Sasuke knew he had to go, and knew he was desperate.

'Gaara...why don't you go in a bottle, like Naruto?' Sasuke asked quietly. Gaara gave him the most withering glare he could muster and didn't reply, diverting all his attention to his bladder. He kept his head down, so Sasuke couldn't see the tears quivering on his black lashes.

'Everyone, get down onto the floor!' Kakashi yelled. Gaara gulped. Sasuke slid gracefully down onto the floor and looked up at him. 'Quickly!'

Gaara unbuckled his seatbelt with clumsy, shaking fingers and dropped onto the floor beside him. Immediately desperation overtook him, he bent over, clutching at himself, a few more drops squeezing themselves out of his member and through his pants. They dripped out onto the floor of the rocking bus.

Sasuke stared at him in horror. 'Y-You really h-have to go, don't you?!' Gaara curled up tighter, hoping no one could see him behind Sasuke.

'S-Sasuke , p-please...' he whispered shakily. He was blushing heavily as he couldn't stop having little leaks onto the floor. His hand was soaked. 'S-Shall I find you a bottle?' Sasuke whispered back, also embarrassed. Gaara nodded. 'Hurry!' he choked.

He heard glass shatter above his head. Some rock or some other heavy object had flown through the window, propelled by the cyclonic winds.

He felt sure he was going to die. Sasuke was whispering urgently to his neighboring busmates. It would seem the only bottle had been used to accommodate Naruto's pee.

Sasuke turned back to the desperate redhead. 'Im sorry,' he said. 'You could always just...go. And say a cup spilt on you...' Gaara shook his head quickly. 'I-I cant, theres no way, I- Uhhnnn!' he groaned, more urine poured onto the ground.

Then it came, the huge, heavy blow. The bus was thrown, flipped for some distance. And by some miracle, it landed up alright, albeit somewhat crushed and the glass shattered. Most of the people on the bus were knocked unconscious on impact.

'Gaara, wake up.' came Sasuke's voice. Gaara sat bolt upright. Sasuke had a few scratches on his face, and fragments of glass littered his hair. This was the same for most of the people.

'The bus flipped. We're ok now. And the worst of the storm is over.' He said. They were no longer on the bus, actually outside on the arid ground. There were people around him. Of course, they were concerned, because if Gaara was injured, there would be hell to pay from the Sand village.

He was mostly unharmed, except as the bus rolled he had cracked his knee against the floor, which had broken. Besides that it was just some scratches nd blood.. And his bladder – holy crap, his bladder! It was so full! He grabbed himself. Sasuke saw the problem. 'Nothing to see here guys! Go on, go tend to your comrades.' He said, trying to spare Gaara some dignity.

The crowd slowly dispersed. Gaara moaned in agony, he couldn't hold it! His bladder gave in, and urine began to flood his pants. 'Oh god!' he clenched his fists, but made no attempt to stop the flow, because he knew he couldn't. He couldn't stand because of his knee. And he didn't want to. He was too tired, too sore from the ordeal. He just lay there, weeping as a large puddle of urine spread all around his crotch.

He could feel eyes on him, the teachers, Naruto's, and of course, Sasuke's.

Sasuke put a hand on Gaara's shoulder. He just kept going, it felt like such relief. His pants darkened considerably from the liquid.

He could hear ambulance's in the distance.

'Come, sit up.' Said Kakashi. He was slowly lifted into a sitting position. 'Its alright.' He was blushing so heavily, but at the same time, just glad he didn't have to go anymore.

As the ambulance arrived, and he and a few other unlucky students were lifted up into the truck, Gaara thought he saw a small wet patch on Sasuke's crotch. Sasuke caught his glaze, and turned away, blushing.

'Im taking Gaaraaaa!' Naruto said, bounding into the ambulance beside him. Gaara hoped he would shut up soon. He closed his eyes, and just tried to dream away the humiliation.

END.

*002*2010-11-10 20:20

{{: 

Finally! Some male desperation/wetting!

}}

I know, right? There is so little of it D:

