Gotham City Sirens: Desperation

Author: PPP

*000*2014-11-09 18:42

Nobody ever went near the old laboratory on Gotham's east end. There had been a chemical spill years ago . Anyone who was exposed would be dead within minutes. A cleanup team was supposed to be sent in but the building was written off as too dangerous. It was the perfect hideout for Poison Ivy.

She lay in a hammock of vines in the middle of the building. Lush plants bloomed throughout the lab. She rolled over, brushed her red hair out of her eyes, and sighed. She had been laying low for months now, and the boredom was starting to get to her. Suddenly, she felt a pull on one of the huge vines she had around the perimeter. Like a spider in a web, the vines let her detect intruders. Ivy's mind raced. There were only two people who were immune to her toxins. One was Batman, the other was-

"Hiya, Red!"

Ivy sighed again. She pulled in the vine. A young woman in a red and black jester's suit was hanging upside-down from it. It was Harley Quinn, the Joker's girlfriend.

"Harley, what are you doing here?" asked Ivy.

"Let me down first," replied Harley. Ivy retracted the vine letting Harley fall. "Thanks for that. Anywho, Mistah J's having one of his 'episodes' and I figured it'd be best for me to leave him be. So I was wonderin' if I could crash here."

Despite the fact that Harley's annoying habits could drive her crazy , Ivy had a certain fondness for her. The two had shared many adventures over the years and had become quite close.

"Okay," said Ivy. "It will be nice to have some company."

"You're the best, Red!" cried Harley, embracing her. "Oh, and there's one more thing I gotta ask you. Will you help me with a heist? I was gonna hit up Dr. Timm's place"

"No," said Ivy firmly. "The last thing we need is the police after us."

"Pleeeaase," begged Harley. "It'll be real quick. Smash and grab. In and out."

"No means no, Harley."

"I forgot to mention his rare plant collection," said Harley, grinning mischieviously. " He's got some of the rarest in the world. But he takes terrible care of them."

"What?"

"Oh yes," Harley continued, knowing she had Ivy now. "It's an awful sight. The leaves are brown, all the plants are wilting, and-"

"That's it!" Ivy was on her feet now. "This cannot continue! I'm rescuing my babies. Come on, Harley." She stormed out the door with Harley behind her.

It was close to midnight. The two stuck to the shadows, ducking into alleys at the first sign of movement. Finally, they were on the outskirts of town.

"There it is," whispered Harley. A Victorian-era mansion was nestled on top of a small hill. Beside it lay a small greenhouse. Barred iron gates blocked their way. A lone guard stood on duty. Harley quickly knocked him out and they skirted around to the back of the mansion.

"Take the plants, then meet me upstairs," Harley whispered. She gabbed a first-story windowsill and vaulted up on to a balcony. She picked the lock and disappeared inside

"Right." Ivy could feel the plants. Concentrating on a single creeper, she made it grow to gigantic proportions. It shot through the greenhouse's window and Ivy climbed inside. She grabbed as many seed packets as she could, stuffing them into her suit, which resembled a one-piece made of leaves. She ran back out along the creeper and onto the balcony. Entering the door, she found Harley in the hallway holding a bag.

"Did you get yours?" asked Ivy. Harley nodded, bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet.

"It's the best of the Marx Brothers," said Harley, one hand shooting down to her crotch. Before Ivy could question her, Harley let out a little squeal.

"Quiet!" warned Ivy. "You'll wake the whole house."

"I'm sorry, Red," said Harley. "I really, really gotta pee." She squealed again.

"Can't you hold it?" asked Ivy. Harley shook her head

"I gotta go now," she moaned. Ivy sighed. This heist was turning into a disaster.

To be continued...

*005*2014-11-25 23:35

Here we go, sorry for the delay

###

Harley crossed her legs and moaned. Her bladder was at it's limit. She had to pee now or-

"Harley!" Ivy's voice snapped her out of it. "I'll get us through the window and you can go in the bushes."

Harley shook her head. She gasped as she felt a warm trickle in her bodysuit. She ran to a nearby door, threw it open and, to her relief, saw a toilet.

"Harley! What are you-" Ivy's voice died in her throat. In one smooth motion Harley pulled down her suit. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. Ivy found herself staring at Harley's naked body. Harley sat down and gave a sigh of relief. Her bladder gratefully let go and a powerful stream flowed from her. She closed her eyes in bliss and hummed to herself as she peed at full force. After almost a full minute, the stream slowed. A few more drops came out and Harley stood up. Embarrassed, Ivy realized she had been watching the entire time. She felt a small twinge in her bladder.

"So... I guess you really had to pee," she said awkwardly.

"Like you wouldn't believe," Harley agreed, pulling her suit back up. She reached out for the handle.

"Wait!" cried Ivy. "Don't-"

FLUSH!

"What did you just do?" screamed Ivy.

"Oh. Sorry, Red. I wasn't thinking..."

"That much is obvious," snapped Ivy.

"Who's there?" cried a male voice from somewhere in the house. "I'm calling the cops!"

"Now you've done it," growled Ivy. "Let's get out of here!"

"No kidding!" Harley concurred. She jumped out the still-open window and landed flawlessly. Ivy followed after her. As she landed she felt another pain in her midsection. Ignore it, she thought. The two of them ran as fast as they could. Finally, they found an alley that seemed deserted. They doubled over in exhaustion.

"I... think... we're okay," Harley panted.

"Yeah, we're good," said Ivy. "Um, Harley?"

"Yeah, Red?"

"Could you turn around? I have to-"

"Hands in the air, ladies!"

They turned around, surprised. A beefy policeman was standing at the entrance to the alley, pointing his pistol and them.

"I mean it! No funny business!" shouted the cop. Ivy felt her crotch grow warm. She felt it run down her legs. No! She couldn't have wet herself! She hadn't had to pee that badly! She looked down and saw the dark spot on the leaves covering her vagina. The slick leaves fell to the ground.

"Hey! What's- oh," The cop stared at Ivy's exposed bush (sorry, I had to make that joke at some point). He lowered his gun, distracted. Harley took the opportunity. She delivered a swift kick to the cop's jaw. He staggered back but was quick to recover. He raised his gun but fell suddenly to the ground. A pair of bolas were wrapped around his ankles. A lithe figure jumped down and knocked him out.

"Starting the party without me?" asked Catwoman. "Girls, I'm crushed."

To be continued...

*007*2014-12-23 00:06

Once again, sorry for the delay.

###

"Kitty!" cried Harley. "You got here just in time. You really saved our bacon."

"No problem," said Catwoman.

"We could have handled it ourselves," muttered Ivy.

"I'm sure you could have," Catwoman replied. "Oh, by the way Ivy..." She fell silent and pointed. Ivy realized her vagina was still exposed. She quickly shifted some leaves from her suit to cover it.

"Thanks," said Ivy icily. "Could this night get any more embarrassing?"

"Aw, cheer up," said Harley, patting Ivy on the back. "You got your seeds, didn't you?"

"I-I guess," Ivy admitted, taking out the packets of seeds.

"I know what'll cheer you up," said Catwoman."There's this great little 24-hour bar not far from here."

"Okay," Ivy agreed.

The bar was almost deserted, which was to be expected at one in the morning. The bartender was almost asleep, but perked up at the sight of the three lovely ladies. With a little pheromone dust from Ivy, he set them up with drinks on the house. Catwoman sipped a White Cuban. Harley guzzled soda after soda. Ivy nursed a beer, looking miserable.

"What's the matter, Red?" asked Harley

"What's wrong?" snapped Ivy. "I wet myself is what's wrong! Do you have any idea how humiliating that is?"

"Yeah," said Harley quietly. "When I was a kid, I lived in this home for girls. I-I used to wet the bed all the time. All the other girls used to make fun of me. 'Princess Piss-the-Bed' they called me."

"Not very creative," commented Catwoman.

"Anywho," Harley continued, "This one girl, Tara, was the ringleader of the whole thing. And one day, I just couldn't take it anymore. She was laughing at me and I bit her ear off. I got kicked out after that. But after that day, I never wet the bed again."

"I guess it happens to the best of us," remarked Catwoman.

"Well said," said Harley. "Bartender! Another round!"

After several more drinks, Catwoman felt a familiar ache in her bladder.

"Excuse me, girls," she said. "I've got to take care of some business."

"Still using a litter box?" joked Ivy. "Actually, I have to go too."

"Same here," said Harley. "Those sodas go right through me." They walked to the restrooms when a horrible sight met their eyes.

"'Out of Order?," read Harley. "No way!" Catwoman groaned. She had to pee worse than she had realized. She had no intention of wetting herself. She looked at Harley and Ivy. They too seemed desperate. Harley was squirming, both hands to her crotch. Ivy looked mortified at the possibility of wetting herself again. Catwoman gasped as she felt a drop of pee slip out. Then she had an idea.

"Follow me!" she cried. She ran up the stairs to the bar's upper level and climbed out the window and on to the roof, Harley and Ivy following close behind.

To be continued...

*010*2015-02-03 23:04

###

"Well, here we are," moaned Poison Ivy, crossing her legs. "What now?"

"What do you think?" replied Catwoman. "We're all dying for a piss here, aren't we?"

"But I can't pee here!" Harley Quinn protested. "This roof is filthy."

"Not to worry," said Catwoman. She unzipped her catsuit, exposing her shaved pussy. (Again, sorry.) "Relax," she said, noticing the shock on Ivy's face. "We've all got the same gear. Now watch and learn." Catwoman spread her legs and thrust her hips forward. She spread her labia and relaxed her bladder. She moaned in relief as a huge stream emerged from her urethra. She wiggled her hips a little to get a good arc going. "Now you try," she said, still peeing strongly.

"All right," said Harley, pulling her suit down to her ankles. She put her fingers to her labia and began to pee. Her stream shot straight out at first, but then she lost control. "Aw, crap!" she cried as pee splattered all over her suit.

"It's okay," Catwoman reassured her. With a few last drops, her pee stopped flowing. "That was good for a first try. How about you, Ivy?"

By now, Ivy was close to bursting. And watching the other two relieve themselves hadn't helped. "What the hell," she muttered. Ivy shifted the leaves covering her privates aside. She was just barely able to spread her labia before her pee gushed out. She adjusted her fingers and the stream shot up in an arc, reaching far in front of her. She peed for a solid minute before the flow died down. Ivy wiped her vagina with a spare leaf and turned to face the others. They were staring at her wide-eyed.

"Wow," said Catwoman. "That was... impressive."

"Yeah," Harley agreed. "You almost looked like a guy there! Wait, that came out wrong."

"It's really not that big a deal," said Ivy. "Catwoman showed me how."

"Yeah, how'd you learn to do that anyway?" Harley inquired.

"That's a story for another day," said Catwoman. The Gotham City sirens ran off into the night.

###

Selina Kyle jumped out of the window and landed catlike in the alley. Her heart hammered in her chest. She was thirteen and had just completed her first robbery. She took the pearl necklace out of her pocket and examined it. Not bad. She knew a pawn shop that would pay good money for it, no questions asked. Selina intended to get there as soon as possible. But there was something else she had to take care of first...

She pulled down her jeans and panties and squatted.

"You're doing it all wrong," came a voice from behind her. Selina turned and saw a boy about her age standing behind her.

"Pervert!" she cried, pulling up her underwear. The boy shrugged.

"Hey, I was here first. And I'm not the one who decided to take a piss in public. Anyway, that's not how you do it out here. You squat out here and you get your ass all dirty. You gotta stand. Like this." He unzipped his fly and pulled out his penis. Selina blushed.

The boy peed, his stream splattering against the wall. The last few spurts came out and he shook off his penis. "Now you try."

Selina struggled for words for a few seconds. "Well, in case you haven't noticed, I'm a girl! I don't have one of those... things."

"That's all right," said the boy. You just gotta adjust the technique a little. Now, to start with, you wanna take your pants and underwear completely off." Selina wasn't exactly thrilled at the idea of exposing herself to a boy she just met, but her desperation was growing worse. Plus, the alley was really dirty. She took of her jeans and panties, exposing her few pubic hairs.

"Like what you see?" she snapped. The boy ignored her.

"Now make a V-sign," he said, "and use it to spread your vagina." Selina blushed harder than ever, but did as she was told.

"Aim at something," the boy instructed. Selina focused on the wet patch he had left on the wall. "Now, just pee."

Selina relaxed and peed a steady stream. To her surprise, it arced forward and hit the target. She laughed. She was peeing like a boy! Her pee slowed down and dripped onto the ground between her legs.

"Nice," said the boy. "Until you get good at it, you'll wanna take them off completely. But once you do, you can just unzip your pants."

"Thanks," said Selina. She couldn't help noticing his erection. "I have to go now." The boy waved as she dashed off, embarrassed but a little excited...

END... for now.

(If anyone has any further ideas, let me know. Also it would be really cool if someone could illustrate this, but I'm not expecting it.)

*013*2015-02-24 21:31

Thank you all for your feedback! Vexer, I might do a Black Canary story, but it'd probably be a one-shot.

