Chapter 25: Ellie and Claire

Sitting at a coffee house on the side of central park, Dr. Neuhauss was enjoying his lunch with a cup of coffee.

On the table next to him was laying his tablet which he was focused on while eating his lunch. On the opposing side of the table was Ms. Alexandra, his assistant who was enjoying her own lunch.

On the tablet was an app opened, it showed an overview map of the many floors, decks and levels of the ship. It showed all the toilets with each having it's own blip on the map, it was either green or red showing if it was open or closed.

There were many smaller blips visible on the map, showing the passengers, they were being tracked by the ship's app on their phone, with their agreement of course which they had all signed for in the documents.

But the doctor was focused on one blip in particular, one blip was being tracked by the app at this moment.

In tiny letters there was "Karen Underwood" floating above the blip.

The doctor his attention suddenly got drawn, the blip that was being tracked was moving towards one of the few toilets that were on green at the moment. Which meant the karen was now about to get in line.

He chatted with his assistant about his schedule for a little while and after taking another bite of his croissant and a sip of his coffee he put his attention back to the tablet, the Karen was moving up in line, it wasn't long now until she would be able to enter the toilet.

He hovered his hand above the tablet for a second, before moving down and tapping on the green blip next to the toilet, which prompted a pop up:

Status: Open

Mode: Rotation 2

He clicked on "mode" prompting a follow up box with selections.

- Rotation 1

- Rotation 2

- Rotation 3

- Manual

He clicked on "Manual" And then confirmed by pressing on "CLOSE" Effectively overriding the automatic programming of that specific toilet the Karen was waiting at.

A slight grin came on his face when he took another sip from his coffee, with another look at the tablet he could see how the blips started spreading out and were heading in different ways to find a new open toilet, including the Karen's blip.

Soon after the Karen had found a new toilet to wait in line at, the doctor again waited a little bit until it was almost her turn. Took a bite from his croissant... pressed the blip and changed the mode to "CLOSED" once more.

"Doctor..." Alexandra started, "Are you seriously bullying that woman?"

Dr. Neuhauss was caught off guard, "Oh what? Oh no no, I wouldn't do that!"

He took another sip from his coffee, "Ehehe, I'm merely getting some extra... data samples, yes that's it, data samples!"

They continued their meal while a little later the doctor noticed how the Karen had started to move towards the next toilet, noticeably quicker this time. Once she was standing in line again he couldn't help himself, and closed the toilet remotely from his tablet once again.

"Doctor, you really shouldn't be using that thing as a toy!"

"Ehehe"

__________________________________

Somewhere in the lower decks the Karen was frantically looking around for an open toilet, getting more and more desperate while not knowing why they kept closing on her.

"WHY DO THEY KEEP ON CLOSING EVERY DAMN TIME, I'M ABOUT TO PISS MYSELF!!!"

_______________________________________________

Meanwhile Luna and the others were relaxing in the hot tub, enjoying the warm weather and the good drinks. Talking about stuff while waiting until their bladder got close enough to it's limit before getting out, doing it on purpose so they would be desperate by the time they would change in their fresh clothes.

"I'll be wetting my grey leggings once we get out of the hot tub." Selena mentioned excited.

Luna added, "I'll be wetting my shorts."

"Just regular jeans." Both Chloe and Vicky answered.

Vicky added, "Nothing beats jeans for peeing in, and feel it running down your legs."

Luna loved how casual they were about all this, clearly excited for the naughty thing they were about to do.

It didn't take long to feel her bladder start to fill up, knowing the plan, this was filling Luna with anticipation. It wasn't much later until...

"Ok, I really have to pee right now! If we're gonna do this we need to go now." Chloe announced.

Luna could also feel that she wasn't gonna be able to hold all that much longer, she was bursting for a pee. They all agreed, quickly finished their drinks and got out of the hot tub, which made their need worse as they got out of the warm water in to the slightly chilly sea breeze that went around the deck.

They were tip toeing around the pool to go and get their clothes and stuff to now head towards the changing rooms.

"Honestly I might have an actual accident once I'm changed, I'm bursting to pee!" Vicky shouted from behind.

They all chuckled knowing they themselves weren't far off from losing control of their own bladders, not that they were worried about it! More so, they were looking forward to the moment they would let it flow, they had gotten to the stage that they didn't really care if they would do an actual accident.

Luna couldn't believe it had come this far on the cruise. Never would she have guessed that her little secret that she thought was so totally wrong... that nobody would understand... was now completely accepted by her friends!

She was already looking forward to relieving herself and soaking her fresh shorts and she wasn't gonna hold back!

They got to the changing rooms when they stumbled upon a slight problem...

"Oh god why are there only two changing rooms free?" Selena complained while doing a pee dance. "I'm about to piss myself right here!"

"Me and Luna can take one stall together while you two take the other one." Chloe proposed while doing her own pee dance.

Luna got caught off guard by what Chloe suddenly proposed, although she got fluttering feelings in her stomach thinking about it. She blushed a little bit knowing how close they would be to each other while changing seeing how small the stalls were. But she accepted and nodded in agreement.

Vicky and Selena quickly tried to disagree and argue with this idea but Luna was quicker.

"It's not like seeing each other naked is a big deal after what happened last night, right?" Luna added some more fuel to the fire.

Before they could object Chloe had already pulled Luna in one stall and closed the door.

They could hear Vicky and Selena curse while they went in the other stall.

Luna felt herself getting turned on with the combination of being this close to Chloe while changing out of their bikini's, knowing that she was close to relieving her bursting bladder in her pants was making her feel horny.

With each passing second she was getting closer and closer to her limit and hurried up changing in her clothes. Both girls got out of their swimwear, dried themselves off and were already in their underwear and bra when they got to putting on their pants, Luna had just slid on her comfortable cotton dark blue shorts while Chloe was about to step in her pair of tight jeans when she let out a gasp.

To Luna's delight (and horniness) she could see a wet spot form on the crotch of Chloe's grey panties, turning into a darker shade, revealing she had leaked.

Chloe whispered with a grin on her face, "Oops"

Chloe started pulling up her jeans but before she even pulled them up all the way she let out another gasp and pressed her thighs against each other, Luna could see a few drops running down her legs and in her jeans while the wet patch on her panties grew bigger. Followed by the almost magical words from Chloe.

"I'm gonna have an accident, I can't hold it any more." Chloe whispered.

Luna very much enjoyed this sight of Chloe, with her pants partially pulled up to just under her crotch, exposed pink panties with pee dribbling in her jeans, on the verge of completely losing it. All with a grin on her face, enjoying knowing she was gonna wet herself any second now.

Luna mischievously whispered, "Just let it happen."

The grin on Chloe's face widened, she changed her stance and stopped pressing her thighs together and stood up straight. Parted her legs a little bit as far as her jeans let her, which still weren't pulled up all the way.

Luna could see the delighted expression come over Chloe's face as she relaxed her bursting bladder, immediately followed by the wet patch starting to expand on her panties which turned shiny from wetness followed by pee streaming down into her jeans.

The hissing starting accompanied by Chloe's shoulders dropping down only meant one thing, Luna knew Chloe was gonna empty her bladder right there into her panties and jeans, even though she could've easily gotten her jeans out of the way she decided not to and simply let it run down and into her pants, soaking them.

This was Luna's cue, she moved closer and let her hand slide over the crotch of Chloe and into her stream, feeling the warm wetness flowing through her fingers.

They started kissing without trying to make too much noise, trying to hold in moans, Luna could feel the warm pee streaming through Chloe's panties and loved every second of it while Chloe continued to carelessly soak her jeans.

A spurt escaped in Luna's own panties by accident, quickly followed by another one while she was struggling to not lose control. Realizing she had just wet her panties, not that she minded, the idea of losing control and inevitably wet her fresh shorts was only arousing her even more.

Chloe threw her arms around Luna's neck, pulling her in closer while continuing to make out and wet herself.

Both girls were standing bare footed and could feel the warm puddle growing on the ground while Chloe continued to empty her bladder completely in her panties and jeans.

Luna felt another spurt escaping, but this time she couldn't stop it immediately, instinctively she grasped towards her crotch, trying to stop her flow while drops were already falling down from her shorts legs. She could feel the familiar warmth spreading in her crotch, the wetness that she could feel on her hand was confirming her shorts already had a big wet patch on the front, knowing she was already at the point of no return was pushing her arousal even more.

Chloe let go of the embrace and pulled up her jeans while finishing peeing in them, pushing the last bit into her panties and jeans, her pants were shiny, completely soaked from top to bottom.

"I can't hold it any more either." Luna whispered squirm ish, while trying to keep her voice low.

Chloe let her gaze go over Luna, who was holding her crotch and seeing the big wet spot on her shorts with streaks going down her legs, she looked like she was about to burst any second from now.

Chloe immediately whispered back, "Stop trying to hold it then."

On a whim Luna let go of her crotch, spread her feet a little and at the same time, to Luna's surprise, Chloe moved closer and put her knee in between Luna's legs, pressing her thigh against Luna's crotch.

Luna realised what Chloe's plan was and loved it, next Luna tossed her arms around Chloe's neck, eager to continue their make out session.

Feeling Chloe's leg pressed in between hers, making the wet fabric of her panties pressed against her pussy made what she was about to do feel even better, she eagerly and completely relaxed her bladder without any hesitation.

Both girls were in bliss while they made out, letting out small moans while Luna was letting her entire bladder flow freely in her shorts while slowly grinding her crotch on Chloe's leg. Luna's arousal was still increasing, getting closer and closer to her limit, she should stop right about now but instead kept going, grinding faster while still emptying her bladder in her shorts and on to Chloe's leg.

Luna could feel the warm sensation spreading everywhere, thanks to Chloe's leg pressed into her crotch it was spreading even more than usual, the warmth lingering around before streaming downwards. Her shorts were getting properly soaked while the rest of her pee was further soaking Chloe's jeans as well.

----------------

Chloe loved how she could feel her pants getting further soaked with Luna's pee, it felt warm and wet while she could feel it streaming down her leg, she could feel her girlfriend grinding on her leg while she moved her hands downwards, grabbing Luna's butt which was already getting soaked with her pee.

Chloe could tell Luna was getting closer and closer until she let out a loud moan, definitely too loud but she stopped caring at this point, while having her arms around her she could feel Luna climax, trembling, with spasms going through her entire body.

------------------

While her orgasm was still going, Luna finished peeing what was left in her bladder, with a red face, still panting and shaking she looked up at Chloe.

"I came."

"You don't say!"

Laughter erupted in the stalls next to them, mostly coming from Selena and Vicky. They had managed to make a fool of themselves yet again... as the realisation came in that they had both wet their fresh clothes by emptying their overly full bladders completely, it felt exhilarating.

They were standing in one big puddle in the middle of their changing booth.

The puddle was so big they didn't even have room to put on their socks without making them soaking wet, so instead they put on the rest of their clothes and a few minutes later, exited and carried their socks and shoes to put them on outside, where they got greeted by a surprising sight.

Selena and Vicky had already been waiting for them outside, although clearly they were either in the middle of having an accident, or just decided to give in and relieve their bursting bladders right then and there, honestly Luna didn't know which it was.

Both were standing next to each other with spread feet, with a dreamy look on their face while pee was cascading down their pants and already forming a puddle at their feet.

"I swear I had to go so bad!"

"Same, I couldn't hold it any longer!"

At this point it didn't really matter if they were having an accident or were just doing it on purpose.

While Selena and Vicky were still midstream, soaking their pants, all four of them started giggling at this crazy situation they had created.

"Look how big my puddle already is, and I'm still going!"

"Same, still going, I'm almost done though!"

They were standing just outside of the changing stalls which meant they were plenty out of sight, but if anyone would decide to walk past by or exit a stall they would get greeted by two girls completely soaking their pants. Vicky was pissing her jeans while Selena was going in her dark grey leggings.

Both Selena and Vicky seemed to be done peeing at the same time and were now both shaking off the last drops of pee off their pants.

"Seriously what did we say earlier about not having sex in public places?" Selena said while joking.

Why did she have to say it that loud? They were still standing next to the changing stalls which meant people could definitely hear, which got confirmed by more laughter from people inside. Luna and Chloe immediately started blushing.

"We didn't ok!" Chloe tried to defend.

Luna immediately added, "Can we please go somewhere else!"

After everything that had happened Luna still felt shy about getting caught in public like this, even though she had gotten so aroused that she blatantly wet herself during lunch in the middle of the cafeteria, she felt self conscious about people seeing her in pissy clothes.

They hurried away from the changing booths and were walking across the deck, all four of them still on a high from what they had just done, with soaked pants (especially Chloe) and still giggling uncontrollably.

"Oh no! We left a mess in that stall, I feel so bad." Luna said worried.

Vicky waved it away, "Look they're already mopping it up I believe."

They looked back and Vicky was right, the moment they had left there was an employee mopping behind them, as well as in the stall.

Vicky continued, "Alright what are we gonna do next? It's not like you guys are embarrassed any more being seen in pissy pants right?"

________________________________________

The four of them strolled around the deck, enjoying the various activities on the ship, taking breaks in between to get fresh drinks.

None of them were too bothered with their wet pants, in fact they were all getting a massive kick out of it, Luna couldn't believe she was hanging out with her friends on this gigantic ship while wearing soggy shorts that she had already peed in, in the middle of the day with people everywhere. She loved how she could feel her panties clinging to her skin while her soggy shorts felt quite comfortable to walk around in.

Luna tried to ignore any shame or guild she felt from people seeing her in peed shorts as much as possible, although she still felt a sting of embarrassment every time she noticed someone staring at her pissy shorts.

After a few drinks and having hung out on the deck a little longer they made their way back inside the ship, strolling through one of the hallways.

When suddenly, without giving any signs, seemingly out of nowhere Vicky started rewetting her jeans while walking.

"How can you pee so casually while walking? I've been trying to do that but it's so hard!" Selena asked surprised.

Vicky casually answered, "It takes some practice I guess, it also helps if your bladder is more full."

"I love that the part about her pissing herself is not the thing you question right now." Chloe blurted out.

Vicky her jeans had gotten all shiny again from peeing in them while the fresh wet patch was slowly spreading downwards, refreshing the pee stain on her jeans.

Vicky acted as if rewetting her jeans was a normal thing to do while walking through a hallway on a luxurious cruise ship.

"Keep practising, but don't worry you'll get there!" Vicky answered jokingly.

They all chuckled over Vicky's small toilet break, in her pants, in the middle of the hallway. At least there weren't any other people in the vicinity that could see it happen.

It was clear to Luna that Vicky's bladder was barely filled, she didn't even make a wet spot on the carpet once she was done, clearly she did it just for the heck of it, adding a fresh wet stain on her jeans.

Seeing how comfortable Vicky was peeing herself only boosted Luna's confidence more.

Luna could feel her own bladder had filled a little bit, the idea came up to let her bladder relax right here and empty it's contents into her shorts. She loved the freedom of choice but instead she decided to hold it for now.

They continued their stroll and soon after they were walking through central park, with all of it's small cafes and pretty foliage like flowers and trees. They had passed by a bunch of other people while walking through central park, some were also walking while others were seated in front of the many cafe's, so far nobody had paid much attention to them and the state their pants were in, except for some glares here and there people didn't seem to pay much attention to it. Luna was self conscious about her soggy shorts but tried to ignore it, knowing most people that notice don't care about it anyway.

They stumbled upon a fruit juice/smoothie stand that they fancied, it had a bar and lounge chairs with small tables so they each ordered their juice combo and went and took their seat on the bar stools. There were two women sitting at one of the tables. They had walked right past them and neither had reacted to their visible wet pants. Both women were wearing expensive looking classy suits, one a dark red satin suit and the other was wearing a grey dress suit. If anyone would've mentioned something or at least have a more serious reaction about the state their pants were in it would've been these two classy ladies.

But instead of reacting or commenting they just carried on their conversation they were having.

Luna's group started the discussion of where to go have dinner on the ship, it was getting late so the next stop would probably be some restaurant. The ship had so many choices for dinner that it often lead into whole conversations on where to go eat this time.

This time however they did end up planning for one of the paid restaurants, as the whole trip was free they did feel like spending some money in one of the many restaurants.

So their plan was made, once they would be done with a couple of drinks they would take a detour to their rooms to go and change out of their pissy clothes, as much as their toilet habits had changed in the last few days, it still felt weird to enter a classy restaurant in wet pants. They took out their phone and quickly made their mandatory reservations for in an hour and started chatting about a new topic while sipping their drinks.

Luna was following the conversation and sometimes adding something to it, once in a while she also picked up some pieces of the conversation of the two classy women sitting at the table not far behind her. Although she wasn't really following their topic and wasn't sure what they were talking about.

"I kind of want to get another one, it's really delicious."

"We can if you want, it's not like we're in a hurry."

"Not in a hurry you say?"

"You know what I mean, it's not big of a deal plus it's more enjoyable anyway."

"Are you implying what I think you're implying?"

"Yep, lets just get another one of these, the drinks here are amazing and i can't get enough of them!"

Meanwhile Luna and the others started talking about movies, quickly an additional plan was made to go watch a movie after dinner, after the rough party last night, some lazy but simple non alcoholic entertainment sounded like a good idea to the girls.

Luna continued sipping her smoothie, it was delicious and she was savouring the drink, meanwhile she could also feel her bladder starting to fill although she wasn't at the point yet she would normally go to the toilet but her mind kept wandering off to her bladder and soggy shorts.

An impulsive thought ran through her mind, if she would let out some spurts in her shorts right here nobody would care and the idea of doing it entertained her.

Luna wanted to give in to her impulsive thought and act on it...

"What about letting out one spurt in my panties? Or maybe two? Or what about several??"

Luna glanced down at her crotch, checking the big pee stain from before on her shorts.

"Why the hell not, it literally doesn't matter if I pee some in my pants right now. Even with those women behind me."

While Luna was briefly overthinking her situation it seemed like her bladder was already complying, just thinking about it was making her bladder start to relax on it's own.

Luna was listening to the others their conversation while she was waiting for it to happen....

She could feel it coming, it was about to come out and she didn't fight it.

A first spurt went in her panties, adding fresh wetness in her already soggy panties.

Before her panties had time to fully absorb her pee she let out another spurt, enjoying herself while sipping on her drink and talking with her friends.

More spurts quickly followed, adding more wetness to her shorts which made her crotch feel nice and warm, another longer spurt made the warm wetness slowly expand down to her butt.

Arousal was pushing her self consciousness to the side and it was making her act on her impulsive thoughts.

Reminding herself there were two women sitting behind her, while they were also sitting in the open at central park which meant there were quite often people passing by, knowing at some point people will most likely see it if she would continue to wet herself like this.

"Why would I care if people see it at this point? I've wet myself so many times already on the ship, there's nothing to be ashamed of!"

Luna quickly shook off the feeling of embarrassment and completely ignored her life long toilet habits, she wanted to indulge in her life long fantasy.

She let her bladder relax again.

Luna got goosebumps when she could feel her pee starting to stream in her panties, warmth collected in her crotch and was spreading under her butt, spreading all over the bar stool while she could see her crotch starting to glisten and darken from her pee pouring into her shorts.

She didn't want to stop her stream yet, the warm glow she could feel all around her pussy and butt felt so amazing that she wanted to prolong the feeling.

The first dripping started, but even that wasn't enough to make her stop her stream...

Dripping turned into splattering with a puddle forming on the ground under the bar stool.

The thought crossed her mind that she was overdoing it and probably should've stopped peeing by now... although... she was already this far and had already released most of the contents in her bladder anyway, so why stop now?

Luna took another sip from her drink with shaky hands while she continued letting the rest of her bladder empty in her shorts, accompanied by the sound of her pee splattering in the puddle underneath her. By the time she was finished peeing there was a moderate puddle underneath the bar stool she was sitting on.

Pee was still dripping from her shorts into the puddle while Luna was riding a massive high from her spontaneous toilet break in her shorts. Best of all is that her friends obviously had noticed it but they simply accepted it and hadn't really reacted aside from a chuckle and getting a bit of a grin on their face. They continued discussing movies while not commenting on Luna's spontaneous pee.

Luna was sure that she had over done it just now, after all there were two women sitting behind her, so far they hadn't responded to her blatantly wetting herself. In fact, surprisingly they still didn't react and simply continued their conversation about the smoothies as if they hadn't just seen her completely piss herself.

"Oh I love this fruit combo as well! Glad we got another one, these smoothies are fantastic!"

"Same, I like this one as well, good idea to get another one actually! On a different topic, I really do need to pee now though."

"Yea same here... okay, time for a leak."

Luna heard the women talk behind her, thinking they would get up and find a toilet just like what most people would do.

Hold on, didn't they just get fresh drinks?

Suddenly Luna could clearly hear one of the women letting out a long sigh. It took a second for Luna to fully comprehend what the woman had actually meant.

Just as she realised what she was talking about...she could hear a feint hissing sound.

*pssssss*

but this time it wasn't from Luna or her group.

Luna turned around to catch the woman in the dark red satin suit sitting in the lounge chair, she had to do a double take to be able to believe what she saw....the woman was blatantly relieving herself in her pants and chair and she looked perfectly comfortable while doing so. With her fresh drink in her hand she was nonchalantly leaning back in the chair while slightly turned sideways away from the table (making it easier for Luna and her group to see), legs spread wide showcasing the dark wet stain that quickly formed and was spreading all over her crotch.

The crotch of her dark red satin pants was turning into a much darker shade of red while pee kept streaming in her pants and chair, making the fabric of her pants glisten and turn shiny.

Pee quickly started pooling on the cushion of the chair which moments later started overflowing and dribbling onto the ground.

The woman was clearly not holding back, even if it was feint, their group could all hear the hissing sound coming from the woman soaking her pants and chair which quickly had a puddle accumulating under it.

Luna couldn't turn away her gaze, the classy woman was completely soaking her satin pants and chair for anyone to see, holding her drink in one hand while nonchalantly observing the wet patch that was slowly expanding across her crotch.

Both these women their hair and make up were done perfectly, dressed up in classy clothes, they could walk right into a top tier exclusive event and fit right in. Luna thought they would be the last ones to pee themselves like that, but clearly she couldn't be more wrong about that as one of them was in the middle of emptying her full bladder into her classy and stylish clothes.

As baffled as Luna and the others were with seeing this scene unfold in front of them, what happened next didn't even surprise them any more. The other woman who had calmly been observing her friend relieving herself in her suit spoke up.

"Screw it, I'm just gonna do it in my skirt, I don't feel like getting up..." A moment later the woman let out a long sigh,

*psssssss*

"Oh, you're also peeing? Nice!"

"Aah, that feels good... Peeing in your clothes feels extra good!"

They could all hear the feint hissing sound coming from the other woman who was now also wetting herself, soaking her grey skirt, quickly pee started streaming down from the hem of her skirt down onto the ground, making another puddle on the ground. She was being just as nonchalant about it as her friend.

The lady in the red satin suit was now done peeing, her crotch stopped glistening now that her flow had stopped. Nonchalantly she patted her soaked crotch with her hand making a wet squelching sound.

"Agree, it feels extra nice if you go in your clothes."

Luna and her group were all completely baffled by what they were seeing, all four were looking at the duo with open mouths while the other woman continued to relieve herself in her skirt and seat.

Once she was done peeing they could all see how she shifted her butt around on the soaking wet cushion of the chair and commented on it, sounding happily surprised:

"These chairs are nice to pee in actually!"

The woman in the red satin suit answered with a smile, "I noticed as well, it feels nice and warm when it pools all around your butt!"

The group of four looked at each other with wide open but meaningful eyes, they had all just learned that there were people on the ship being way more comfortable about peeing in their clothes than they were.

These women hadn't given even the slightest sign of embarrassment or hesitation, in fact it seemed that they were completely and utterly at ease with wetting their pants in public.

Of course both women had noticed they had garnered some attention from their group, they didn't seem to mind at all that Luna's group had watched them openly pee in their clothes, instead they were friendly about it and before they knew it they started a conversation with the two women.

__________________________

Claire (Red satin pants) and Ellie (grey suit dress) introduced themselves to the group and they started having a conversation.

They seemed very friendly and in a twisted turn of events they had rearranged some of the chairs and they were now sitting with them sharing stories and getting to know each other. Luna was guessing they would be at most 30, maybe 32 of age.

"We saw you had all wet your pants before so we assumed you did it on purpose." Ellie said

Claire added, "And then you spontaneously wet your shorts again right here on the bar stool so I felt like it was ok doing the same!"

Luna's group immediately assured them it was all totally fine,

"We were just surprised at you two doing it so nonchalantly!" Luna said energetic.

They shared some of their experiences on the cruise so far, without any shame whatsoever they admitted to love wetting their pants. Without even asking for it both women casually acknowledged they both were wetting their bed every night as well.

"The beds are amazing!! We can go out drinking and not worry at all about wetting the bed with this drug in our system." Ellie said spontaneously.

Claire nonchalantly added, "And it just feels nice to wake up in the middle of the night and just.... relax, and enjoy the moment."

The girls were baffled at how easy Claire and Ellie were talking about their experiences, and especially at admitting they loved wetting their clothes and bed.

It wasn't long until Claire and Ellie shared a little secret of theirs.

Ellie said, "Well we feel like it doesn't matter as much any more if we're on this cruise, but here's a little secret of ours."

"We weren't shy of wetting ourselves even before the cruise if we're completely honest." Claire added, for the first time they showed a glimpse of being shy.

The others all said it was totally fine. Then Claire and Ellie continued and explained how they worked for the same company that had tie ins to one of the sponsors of this cruise/experiment. When they had gotten a heads up about the nature of the cruise and medication they would be testing they happily volunteered.

Vicky then went on to share how she would wet herself since she was little and how it was allowed in her family. Although she hadn't done it nearly as much any more since she had gotten older.

Now it was Luna's turn, she started talking about how she had been interested in it since she was little, even giving a short version of the time she had fully wet her snow pants when building a snowman during holidays.

Just as she finished explaining her story the realisation hit her...

She had just spilled her single biggest secret to complete strangers, this was the secret she was supposed to be taking in her grave, and yet lately more and more people knew about it. She had told it so easily that she got surprised by herself. Still Claire and Ellie loved the story and continued telling their own.

"Well we have been best friends since child hood, and one time Ellie came with us on holiday and we would often walk to a river a while away from the house we stayed in." Claire explained.

Ellie continued, "Oh I remember, we would just pee through our bikini's all the time, remember the one time we were heading towards the river and you needed to pee?"

"Yep, you told me to just wet my bikini under my skirt," Claire said, "it didn't matter as we were gonna be swimming within minutes anyway."

Ellie then added, "I remember that we wet our panties several times by the end of the holiday!"

"I think that's where it started don't you think?" Claire asked.

It was clear to Luna and the others these two were best friends, and have been for a long time, they listened to their story intently.

Ellie thought back on their past and answered, "For me where it really started to become something more was the one time when we had a sleep over at your place!"

"Ooh, right!" Claire answered.

Both women got a mischievous smile on their face while they looked at each other.

"We dared each other to wet the bed!" They both squealed.

Luna and her group were eager to hear their story, but first they all agreed to get another drink as they were getting thirsty again.

Both Claire and Ellie got up and walked to the bar a little further, showing for the first time the full damage on their clothes now that they were standing.

The back of Claire's dark red satin pants were soaked from her butt all the way to her knees, the red satin had turned into a very dark red instead.

The back of Ellie's grey skirt was soaked from her butt all the way to the hem which came almost to her knees, the wet stain had turned into a much darker grey.

For both women it was very visible to anyone who would look in their direction, but neither seemed to care one bit that people could see they had peed in their clothes.

Minutes later all six of them were sitting around the table with fresh drinks with Claire squealing,

"Holy shit! This fruit combo is even better than the last one!"

Today Luna started feeling more calm when wetting herself even if people could see, even when not at the party and drunk. She had wet herself so many times already today, but now being introduced to Claire and Ellie, hearing them talk openly about their complete lack of toilet habits on this cruise was making her feel way more comfortable and at ease with indulging in her fetish.

In this very moment she felt like she wouldn't think twice about wetting her pants even if she was standing in the middle of central park at it's busiest time for all people to see, she already started looking forward to the next time she would get a chance to wet her pants. And no, it didn't matter to her any more if people were watching or not.

As Claire and Ellie started telling their story from when they were younger Luna noticed she wasn't the only one of her group that felt completely comfortable right now.

Selena had slid off her shoes, they were without shoe laces so it was easy to take off and put on again.

Sitting in the lounge chairs, Selena had put her feet on the edge of the lounge chair and wrapped her arms around her knees. With the way how she was sitting a little sideways Luna had a good view off her crotch and butt, she had noticed how sometimes throughout the story Selena's crotch would turn shiny from wetness to then fade again in a couple seconds.

Throughout the story Selena was nonchalantly letting out spurts in her panties and leggings, it wasn't long before her chair was starting to get wet with pee but surely she didn't mind that one bit, it looked like she was enjoying herself in her pants and no one minded it.

_______________________________

Claire and Ellie's story:

They were both wearing their pyjamas and were ready for bed.

Claire crawled in her own bed while Ellie got into her temporary guest bed, for this occasion they had set up the guest bed right next to Claire's in her bedroom. This way they could easily talk while falling asleep.

Somewhere throughout the day they had gotten a very naughty idea, they had forgotten who had started this topic and it was only a simple question that started it all, but after discussing it for a while both girls only had one thing on their mind right now....

"How would it feel to wet the bed if they did it on purpose?"

Ellie had scavenged two whole water bottles from the kitchen while they had already drunk quite a lot before heading to bed.

"Like... Are we actually serious about this?" Ellie said in a shaky voice.

Claire didn't sound convinced either when she answered, "I don't know, It's probably a terrible idea, I can't even imagine how angry my mom will be."

They both crawled under their covers and continued talking, meanwhile both could feel their bladders slowly starting to fill with each passing minute.

"Guess I'll just go to the toilet instead, I need to pee." Ellie said,

Claire immediately countered, "I thought you wanted to know how it would feel to do it in bed?"

"Yea but..." Ellie stammered, "You know..."

"Also, the toilet is all the way downstairs so it's really annoying every time you need to pee. Not gonna lie, I've thought so many times before about just staying in bed and... pee." Claire explained, "Obviously I always chickened out!"

Ellie gathered her thoughts before answering, "I want to do it as well, but I'm too afraid of doing it."

"Like remember the one time we got away with wetting our pants? We were outside while playing and we covered it up with splashing water on us, we almost got caught but we ended up saying we did a water fight!"

"Yea that was fun!" Claire said, "I was also scared to be found out, but honestly i don't know why everyone makes such a big deal about peeing in your clothes, it's not like pee is dirty, right?!"

Ellie quickly added, "Yea I agree, it's not dirty at all! I also think wetting the bed might be even more fun than doing it in our pants like last time!

Young Ellie and Claire kept going back and forth about the idea, trying to convince each other of doing it.

Both girls their excitement was slowly building while their doubts were fading with each argument.

They even came up with excuses that they could tell Claire's mom when she would find out that they had wet the bed.

Finally it came down to one final push to get them over the edge.

"Alright, lets make a deal!" Claire said resolute, "If one of us wets the bed the other has to do it as well, so if one of us wets, we both wet!"

"Deal!"

A few seconds later and the girls now laid still under their sheets, trying to relax and let out a spurt of pee but they quickly noticed it was harder than they thought it was.

Ellie had decided to give it a push and gasped.

"I peed, only a little bit but my panties got wet."

"Holy shit, ok my turn now!" Claire said,

They kept taking turns pushing spurts in their panties, with each turn they noticed it became easier and easier to pee, the more they did the nicer it felt and the more bold they were becoming.

Of course it didn't take long for their shorts and pants to get wet.

"Ok my turn!" Ellie sighted as she let out another spurt in her panties, "Oh I think my shorts just got wet."

"Nice! My turn again." Claire said, but before she could do anything Ellie was already pushing a bigger spurt into her panties that did even more damage to her shorts.

"Oooh I peed even more just now!" Ellie squealed excitedly, "Oh no, my pyjama shorts are getting pretty wet already, it feels really nice though!"

"Hey cheater! It was my turn!" Claire said while laughing,

Ellie laughed back, "Haha sorry! Just do two turns now, or just pee for longer!"

Their heart was pounding in their chest, knowing what they were doing wasn't allowed and was gonna get them in major trouble....

...but that made everything so... so much more exciting!

" I'm gonna release a lot more this time! I'm gonna pee for several seconds, my sheets might even get wet next turn!"

"Same! I don't care any more, I'm planning on soaking my shorts next turn!"

Both girls would be in big trouble if they continued, knowing that this was the point of no return didn't stop them, excitement had won.

They forgot about the turns thing and both started to push.

They immediately noticed how much easier it was to start peeing, with a little push they started peeing and welcomed their stream in their pants.

Warm pee quickly started spreading and soaking through their panties and into their shorts/pants, expanding their previous wet patch that they had made while they got pleasantly surprised with how good it felt when they could feel a warm glow happen, which quickly started spreading across their crotch as well as downwards. It felt amazing and immediately washed away any concerns they still had.

They knew it was wrong to be laying in bed while relieving themselves, but it felt so good doing it.

They were now certain of it! They loved to let out their pee while laying in bed!

Both stopped their stream while they already knew it was too late. The warm glow was already spreading downwards making their butt feel nice and warm.

"Oh.... oooh... that felt nice!" They both squealed,

"Wow I completely soaked my shorts!" Ellie blurted out excitedly,

Claire immediately added, "Even my butt got wet! Oh shit, the bed as well."

"Same here!" Ellie said, "Oh There's also a wet patch in my bed...."

Claire: "No big deal, it's only pee!"

Ellie: "Agree, that felt amazing though!"

Claire: "Same, lets do more? Our bed is already wet anyway!"

Ellie: "Honestly.... screw it, why not let everything out!?"

Both girls got goosebumps at the same time. They pulled up their sheets to their chin and got all comfortable in bed.

Eagerly they relaxed their bladder and waited for the feeling of relieve to start.

Both girls let out a gasp and whispered to each other at the same time,

"I'm peeing"

Both laid in bed completely relaxed, not thinking about anything and simply enjoying the moment, feeling blissful with warm pee streaming in their pyjama and bed, letting it stream downwards and making it pool under them, creating a nice warm glow under their butts.

Slowly they could feel the warm wetness start to spread under them, knowing that they were soaking their sheets and mattress was making them only more excited.

They didn't even consider stopping their flow and just let it happen, committing to emptying their full bladders in bed.

"Aaaah yes, this feels amazing."

"Haha, I think I can hear you pee."

"Hehe, me too!"

"Oh I'm almost finished."

....

Their streams subsided and they finished peeing, slowly letting their pee soak in their mattresses while they talked about what they just experienced.

"I love this!" Claire blurted out

Ellie wondered out loud, "Why is everyone so against wetting the bed? It's awesome!"

Both girls grabbed their big bottle of water they had standing next to their bed and started gulping down water, now that their bed is already wet they couldn't wait to do it again...

_______________________________

Luna was so immersed into the story that she didn't realise at first where the splattering sound was coming from.

Selena was still sitting with her feet up on the chair and arms wrapped around her knees, her crotch and butt was all shiny and glistening with pee, she had stopped doing spurts and was now fully relieving herself into her leggings and chair. Luna realised the splattering sound was coming from the chair overflowing onto the pavement.

"Oops, sorry for interrupting!" Selena excused herself.

They all chuckled, partly because of how Selena was blatantly wetting her leggings in the lounge chair right here on Central Park for anyone to see, and partly because she excused herself politely that her peeing herself interrupted the story, and not the actual wetting part, that was not the problem here!

Chloe stretched while saying, "I was so immersed in the story I almost forgot I also needed to pee."

"Watch out you don't have an accident!" Luna joked sarcastically.

They all chuckled again, they nudged Claire and Ellie to continue their story because everyone was eager to hear the rest. Everyone assumed Chloe would simply rewet her jeans instead of getting up and find a toilet.

Chloe was sitting next to Luna, and out of the corner of her eye she could see (as predicted) how Chloe started wetting herself once more, it didn't take long to see pee starting to pool on her chair which quickly started to overflow once more, resulting in another round of splattering noises for everyone to hear in the vicinity.

No one was bothered by it and didn't react, while listening to the story Chloe continued to nonchalantly relieve her bladder in her already soggy jeans.

_________________________________________

Young Claire and Ellie had fallen asleep and at some point they each woke up during the night, drinking all that water had done it's job.

Both their first thought when waking up was....

"shit I need to pee"

"Wait, my bed is soaking wet..."

"Oooh right... I peed in bed."

The realisation hit what they had done before falling asleep, followed by relief knowing they didn't need to get up and walk all the way to the toilet.

A moment later and without giving it a second thought they pulled up their bed sheet until their chin, getting all snugly and comfortable. To then without hesitating release their stream into their pyjama and bed once again, delighted at how they could feel everything warm up again when peeing in bed... it was so simple and easy.

To both of the girls it felt like something innocent, what they're doing is supposedly bad but why did it feel so nice then?

both had no regrets and felt amazing letting their bladder empty in their bed, they quickly fell asleep again after they finished peeing.

Light shone through the curtains and the girls woke up at almost the same time, after stretching they both smiled at each other. Glad that they had followed up on their naughty idea and were now waking up in a wet bed. They shared their little experience they each had had during the night waking up and just 'going' in bed, making their bed nice and warm again. Meanwhile they started to drink the rest of the water in their bottles.

Not completely to their surprise but they could smell the odour of pee whenever they lifted their cover, the results of two full wettings that went into their bed, neither of them disliked it though. Which brought them to the next part.

They needed to pee again...

"I think even if my parents would get angry at me, is it weird if I said I want to wet my bed more often when I'm at home as well?" Ellie said sleepily.

Claire agreed, "I just hope my mom isn't too mad right now, I also want to do it more often, heck I might do it even if it's not allowed."

Ellie yawned, "I'm about to wet the bed again, I need to pee."

"Haha, I was also going to release my morning pee!" Claire happily declared, "Wait hold on, I have an idea."

The girls pushed the cover to the end of the bed exposing the wet patch on their mattresses, each was pretty big knowing they had each released two full bladders in their bed.

They both were sitting on their knees spread in bed, crossed their arms behind their back, looked at each other, let out a chuckle and a few seconds later they both relished the fresh warm stream of pee that was going in their shorts and pants.

Without a care in the world they relieved themselves into their pants, this time while sitting on their knees. Pee was pouring out of Ellie's shorts legs and splattering on the bed while Claire was letting her pee stream down her pants legs and was pooling around her knees in bed.

The only sound they could hear was coming from them wetting their bed, when suddenly an additional dripping could be heard...

Both their mattresses finally got saturated with pee and it was now starting to drip down on the floor beneath their beds...

Just when they were finished peeing they pushed a last spurt into their pants and just at that very moment the door of their bedroom opened and Claire's mom walked in, she froze when seeing the scene in front of her.

Her daughter and her friend sitting on their knees with still dripping pyjama pants/shorts on top of two soaked beds while the whole room reeked of urine.

Everyone was frozen in place and for several seconds the only sound that could be heard was the pee dripping through the mattresses onto the floor...

They were in so.... soooo much trouble!

_______________________________________

"Oh nooooo!"

Luna and her group all squealed when hearing the ending of Claire and Ellie's story.

Vicky got close to spitting out her drink even.

Chloe blurted out, "If I hadn't peed earlier I definitely would've had an accident right now!"

Luna and the others had loved their story, it now did make more sense that they were so casual about openly wetting themselves on the cruise. While that said, Luna did feel a small sting of jealousy, it's her own fault though.

If she hadn't been overthinking everything maybe she would've done something more than just wet her snow pants that one time... She should've just done it... she regretted not trying to wet her bed when she was younger, her mom was always super nice so she probably wouldn't even have gotten in trouble...

Luna asked, "So... did you guys get in trouble? And how bad was it?"

"If we got in trouble? Uhm, YES WE DID!"

The group started laughing again having a great time socializing with Claire and Ellie when suddenly.

"Guys we almost forgot the reservation for the restaurant!"

Ah shit, they got so invested in talking to Claire and Ellie they kind of forgot about that for a hot minute, they weren't too late but they should probably get going if they wanted to be there on time in fresh dry clothes.

They packed their stuff and got up while Claire and Ellie also announced they would be heading off, they all moved away from the seating area and were now standing on the pathway through central park.

There were still a bunch of people sitting at pubs and cafes, also more people were passing by right now as people started heading out for dinner just like them.

They shared contact details with Claire and Ellie to maybe hang out another time tomorrow or the day after, as that would be the last day of this fantastic cruise.

While they were still talking for a couple of minutes Claire had something to say.

"You guys were surprised at how nonchalantly we wetted ourselves earlier right?" Claire asked,

"Correct!" Luna answered straight forward, "I would even dare say it was inspirational!"

Claire continued, "You shouldn't worry about being seen, people are minding their own business and knowing that all these people have the same limited access to toilets you probably already noticed nobody really makes a problem out of wetting your pants, it's not a big deal any more."

"In other words the stigma is mostly gone by now, just wet your pants if you feel like it and don't worry about onlookers!" Ellie quickly added.

Claire nodded downwards.

Seemingly as nonchalantly as she did the first time, Claire started rewetting her pants on the spot, this time while standing which made her pee cascade down her legs and soak her pants all the way down to her feet.

They were all standing maybe a couple of meters away from the closest seating area with people in, surely a load of people noticed this but Claire didn't seem to care one bit and casually relieved herself in her pants while a puddle was forming where she was standing.

Not to anyone's surprise Ellie simply followed her lead and was peeing her panties under her skirt when she said in a slightly annoyed manner, "Why did I even pick out a skirt? Pants are more fun to wet in anyway!"

"See, nobody cares!" Claire said in a joyful way.

Well... as crazy as it was they weren't wrong, they definitely noticed over time how people their prejudice about pee was diminishing with each day, but maybe they had underestimated how little the other passengers really cared, when and how you relieved yourself.

After all, they had all seen many different ways of how people were finding ways to relieve themselves in all sort of ways...Some more bold than others.

Simply peeing in whatever you are wearing at that moment was just one way of dealing with your needs.

"Hold on!" Ellie suddenly said, "Okay not everyone, remember that lady we saw a few hours ago? The one with the Karen haircut."

Claire remembered, "Oh god yes, that Karen was absolutely going ballistic because she had an accident and pissed herself."

Luna and the others gave each other a look, somehow they knew exactly what Karen they were talking about!

They said their final goodbyes and went on their way through Central Park, heading to their rooms to change into different clothes.

Luna her head was spinning because so much had happened today, so many thoughts, so many arousing things she had seen and experienced. But most of all, with that last nonchalant wetting paired with the speech from Claire and Ellie just now, Luna had finally flipped over a switch in her head.

Even though Central Park was busy... people were seemingly everywhere... the main pathway was busy as well as the shops and stalls. It didn't matter though, what did matter however was that her bladder was full again from all the drinks they had while sitting there at the smoothie bar enjoying themselves.

Luna crossed her arms behind her back while calmly strolling through Central park while she waited for her stream to start.

Even though she was walking which made it harder to start she didn't have to wait long, a few steps further and her stream started on it's own.

She didn't flinch nor stopped it and just felt like letting it happen, relief washed over her as she started peeing in her still soggy shorts, feeling the fabric get nice and warm again just the way she liked it the most.

Her shorts didn't take long to get saturated and pee was flowing freely down her legs and splashing her shoes, it didn't take long to feel her socks getting wet as well.

Luna nonchalantly walked beside her friends while peeing, on their side were small stands and shops with people enjoying their cruise, on the other side were a couple of benches with people sitting on while she continued to let her stream flow in her panties, shorts and down her legs.

She was in bliss, Claire and Ellie were right, it felt amazing to just let it flow and not worry, so that's exactly what she did.

"I think Claire and Ellie were right." Chloe said while looking at Luna, "Nobody gives a shit that you're peeing yourself, so why would you worry about it?"

"Yep" Vicky said,

While still mid stream, relieving her full bladder without a worry Luna glanced at Vicky, who was doing exactly the same. Vicky was walking with her hands in her pockets of her jeans while she was casually relieving herself in her jeans, rewetting them for everyone to see.

Luna enjoyed her own spontaneous pee, sadly she could feel her bladder empty and her stream subsided, stopping the warm flow of pee down her legs. She looked behind her while walking to see two trails of pee on the pathway, one from herself and one coming from Vicky. It would probably evaporate pretty quickly as the sun was out and it was warm today.

Luna glanced down at her shorts to inspect the damage, her shorts had gained another wet patch on the already existing pee stains from all the times she had peed herself today, it must be obvious to anyone who would look at her and her stained pissy shorts that she had been wetting herself on purpose for the last few hours.

And she was completely okay with that while continuing on their stroll through central park, all relaxed and enjoying the cruise. She still had her hands crossed behind her back and she loved how she could feel her butt had gotten wet from her pee break while occasionally a drop of pee was making it's way down her legs coming from her soaked shorts.

She couldn't wait to get to their room and change in dry pants, she was already thinking of what to wear to go to the restaurant but quickly decided on her tight faded jeans...

...Not because they looked good, just because she wanted to wet in them!
