Sisterhood of Blood - Page 11

Author: frostyjr2

*250*2013-11-08 07:50

:blush:

The Dumas tale is well worth reading, and re-reading.

It happens to be one of my favourite works of non-contemporary literature...

Apologies to the master storyteller for borrowing his characters for awhile, and for my pale attempt at imitating his style of writing for a moment.

*254*2013-11-10 03:22

{{: 

YOU are the master storyteller, and everything else pales in comparison to your work of art!

}}

OMHG !

I must humbly and respectfully disagree, but i still thank you from the bottom of my heart for your kind words !

*255*2013-11-12 05:51

My dear readers, thanks as always for the views and the comments !

I apologizefor the lack of omo content this time around, it just didn't seem to fit this part of the story...

It simply didn't want to come out, so to speak.

*256*2013-11-15 07:39

OK, it's time for the latest chapter of the story, and i hope it will be to your liking ...

We're back in the modern era for a look at a bit of Cool's past this time.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 28)

Playing In The Band (Cool)

(sound track: Shango Pt. lll, by Charlie Hunter)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/CrOJS5LfIbU?feature=oembed"

The warehouse, Brooklyn waterfront NYC, present day

Taking a short break from our training for the big fight, we were all lounging around the kitchenette having a blood pack snack when Petra turned to me and asked how long I'd been playing the sax for.

I guess she had heard me practicing in the stairwell at some point; I often did that when I got too nervous or stressed out about something, and what we were going to be doing, facing a rival clan to battle for our very existence, maybe... that was certainly stressing me out.

But the horn always helped me to relax.

"You're quite good, you know," she said, smiling at me as I shook my head to signify I didn't agree in the least.

"I tell her that constantly," Hannah said with a grin. "But she never believes it. At least we finally got her to play out, though."

"Yeah, once..." I muttered. "Only once..."

NYC, 1986

We were all sitting in this tiny dressing room backstage at a bar in the theatre district called Tin Pan Alley, getting ready to go onstage for our very first show.

I was a bundle of nervous energy too, bouncing off the walls, drinking Jack Daniels and ginger ale like it was water, and chain smoking my vanilla clove cigarettes... seeing as how I was about to play the sax in public for the first time that should probably come as no surprise, right?

The bar was packed with vampires, and any clan feuds had hopefully been forgotten for the night. Everyone we knew had come out to hear Frosty and The Snowmen; yeah, I know, it was pretty lame as names go, but it was all I could think of on short notice when we got the gig due to another band pulling out at the last minute.

An old friend of Hannah’s owned the bar, and rather than have a Thursday night with no music, she asked if I would be able to fill in. Well, Hannah basically just accepted on my behalf, and told me I was doing it, no excuses or argument.

She was firm about it, too.

“You’ve been playing that thing for almost twenty-five years now. I think it’s about time you did something besides sit in the living room and play along with records,” she had told me.

And that was that…

So I got a band together: Ruby Redd on electric bass, Jade Sung on guitar, and Jenny Flex on the drums… all vampire girls, just like me.

We were playing some pretty weird music, a semi-improvised psychedelic acid punk surf jazz kind of thing that was part Hendrix, part electric Miles, part Ventures, and part Sex Pistols. None of us could sing worth a damn so there were no vocals.

Ruby was the only one who’d actually been in a band before. She was a great bass player too, funky as anything, skinny and tall in her retro dashiki and brown leather pants, with a huge afro and her gold doorknocker earrings swinging to the beat as she and Jenny locked into the rhythm, while Jade alternated between her scratch and skronk thing and a pretty good approximation of a Hammond B3, and I floated melodies over it all, sometimes dissonant and sometimes not.

As for Jenny, she was a real beauty; if you can imagine a California girl reborn as one of the undead, well, that was her. Somehow she managed to look both goth and surfer at the same time, playing the drums almost naked in her denim cutoffs and a black tank top, with her piercings and tats, her long blonde hair, crazy purple metallic eye shadow, and black lipstick.

Jade was even smaller than I am, with a Louise Brooks bob to her black and super shiny perfect Asian hair that was a nice match to both the tight PVC catsuit she was wearing and her black Stratocaster. I was in super tight black jeans and a sheer black silk shirt with a black lace bra underneath, and a pair of snakeskin platform high heeled pumps that added about five inches to my height. Hannah had bought them for me just for the gig.

So we all looked pretty good, if I dare say so myself.

As for what we were going to sound like… well, at first I thought it was probably going to be more fun to play than to sit and listen too, but with Jenny and Ruby so solid, everything sounded amazing when I’d play back the rehearsal recordings, so I figured if I didn’t choke or wet myself in terror when I looked out at the crowd on the night of the gig, we’d do alright.

The problem was that by now, the second fear was getting awfully close to becoming a reality.

Just before we were supposed to start our set, I was all jittery and I suddenly realized that I needed to pee pretty badly. When I got to the restroom, I had to break up a fight between one of our friends and a girl from a rival clan, and I was so freaked out from that, I went straight back to the dressing room. Yeah, I had totally forgotten why I had gone in there in the first place.

Classic Erica, really…

Now I really had to pee, desperately so, but we had just been announced and I wouldn’t have time to go before the set started. I just was going to have to hold it.

Normally, I wouldn’t have been very concerned about either thing, holding or wetting, but this was in full view of all of our friends, not to mention a lot of other vamps I didn't know, OMHG.

So we hit the small stage, really not much more than a few sheets of plywood screwed together to raise us off the floor slightly, but whatever, y'know?

The other girls all sounded great, but I was totally tense, and my playing on the first song… well, for lack of a better word for it, it simply sucked.

For the second song, since I really didn’t have any choice anyhow, I just decided to stop thinking about what had happened in the restroom before the show and how badly I still had to pee, and started playing instead. The rest of the band was sounding so right and so tight, and I had to hold up my end of things, y’know?

So finally there we were, halfway through our set, all four of us jamming out like crazy.

My fingers were flying over the keys of the horn, I’m playing the best I ever have in my entire undead existence thanks to the interplay with these other girls, and I’m also pee dancing frantically in time to the music… by now, I’m past the point of caring, I just need to keep playing and get it all out one way or another… the music is flowing out of me while I'm desperately trying to keep all that pent-up urine inside of my bladder.

It may sound weird, but I was in omo vamp ecstasy and musical heaven all at once, between what we were laying down and my desperate state. So cool... blissful.

I had just finished playing my solo on the last tune of the set when the inevitable occurred.

I finally just couldn’t keep it in anymore, my exhausted muscles gave out and I started peeing my pants right there on stage while I was holding a note… I opened my eyes just in time to see Hannah and a couple of her friends sitting in the front row, giggling at the sight of it, my tight jeans getting soaked with all of the ‘blue’ that was squirting out of me uncontrollably, wetting my black lace panties and then flowing down the legs of my jeans and forming a nice puddle of clear blue liquid at my feet.

I stopped wetting myself right as the tune ended... We all ran off backstage, while the audience went crazy. It was just perfect for all the omo vamp fangirls, I'll tell you... OMHG!

No matter how much they applauded, I wasn't going back out for an encore, though..

I think it would have been impossible to top that.

Hannah and Kat came backstage, both of them dressed from head to toe in black leather, still laughing.

As soon as she was close enough, my beautiful lover grabbed me and pinned me up against the wall. My legs were feeling so weak and wobbly, it was as if I had just run a marathon, really. I was helpless in her embrace.

“I hope that’s going to be a regular feature of future performances,” Hannah said, smiling. Her lovely big brown eyes were looking straight into my green ones as she kissed me deeply and stuck her hand down my jeans between my legs to feel my wetness, from both pee and the arousal caused by holding until I lost it.

I pulled away just long enough to get out a reply.

“It was pretty hot, wasn’t it?”

I had a huge grin on my face.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*261*2013-11-16 02:28

{{: 

Love it a mix of music, vampires and wetting!

}}

And that, my dear, is the story of my undead existence...

*263*2013-11-16 12:25

{{: 

Are you actually Erica and is your girlfriend Hannah? Omo vamps must be real then and it's not fiction! That would explain why you said, "is the story of my undead existence..."

[/sarcasm]

I guess I'm in an extra good mood tonight, so I thought I'd say something funny.

}}

I am actually erica, and my girlfirend is Norah, and there's a lot less fiction here than you might think...

*265*2013-11-19 12:22

Dearest friends, fans and fiends, as always i'd like to give a round of thank yous to all those who have come to look forward to the usual Friday dose of omo vamp madness.

Hopefully the most recent chapter's Cool escapade made up for the total lack of omo content in the previous one.

I certainly appreciate the nice comments, and all the views !

It's back to work for me today; these characters won't let me stop telling their story...

Thanks again to all of you for your support !

<3,

Frosty

*266*2013-11-22 07:30

Wow, is it Friday already ?

Then i guess it must be time for another chapter of SoB, my dear little ones...

So here it is , for your amusement, delight, or horror... please let me know what you think about this one !

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.29)

CHARM SCHOOL (Bethy)

Downtown NYC, 1962

(sound track: Goodbye Pork Pie Hat, by Charles Mingus)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/sxz9eZ1Aons?feature=oembed"

The young man was completely oblivious to the fact that he was being followed. He had a long stride, but the pale, thin vampire had no trouble at all keeping up with him as he glided along through the night that had come suddenly, almost as if bidden to serve his dark purpose.

It was time for Cestus to find a new ‘little one’, and hopefully a new lover as well.

After many years, the last one had finally left to start their very own vampire family. But this was the normal way of things among families, and vampires were no different in that respect.

No matter how much love there might be between you, sooner or later, your children have to leave, he thought as he pursued his newest prospect.

The boy he was following was a handsome young man for certain, and although the way he had treated that young lady back in the alley didn’t speak very well to his gentlemanly qualities, Cestus wasn’t too concerned about that.

By the time he had finished training him, the young man would certainly know his place in the big scheme of things. If he had any talent for it, there might even be some role for him in the new enterprise.

Cestus had a vision of a theatre of pain to amuse jaded and sadistic vampires with the kind of show that would keep them paying, and coming back for more.

He had been traveling the world in search of a suitable companion, a partner in more ways than one.

Most of the ‘stars’ of the show would be disposable; they probably wouldn’t last the night, and frankly, after experiencing that kind of prolonged agony and seeing what they had seen of the world of evil vampires, they probably would prefer it that way.

But Cestus had no desire to spend eternity all alone, no matter how successful in business he might become. What he desired and yearned for was a companion who would learn to love the pain and his servile state, one who would exist only to make him happy. It would take a while to bring a little one to that point, but then, he had time… plenty of time.

Of course, starting with the right raw material would help.

A person who was already inclined to enjoy humiliation, pain and suffering would be the obvious choice, but like most evil vampires, Cestus found the unwilling victim to be much more interesting and rewarding.

He had always preferred bending and breaking them to his will to having an eager submissive with no thought of their own personal satisfaction right at the start.

All of the pleasure for him was in reducing a defiant and strong individual to a state of helpless resignation to their fate, and this is why he had chosen an obviously aggressive and heterosexual young man as his next boy toy.

That being the starting point, there would be many wonderful days of pain and pleasure ahead for them both, although at least at the beginning the pleasure would be all his, and the pain would always be only the young man's, no matter what.

He smiled to himself at the thought of turning the macho boy into a simulacrum of a simpering little girl; he would probably hate it so, yet it would be an apt fate for someone so disrespectful to females, he mused.

I’ll bet he will look quite lovely in a dress, too…

The young man seemed startled as the pale figure in his heavy black overcoat appeared suddenly before him on the sidewalk, blocking his path. The man had his hat pulled down low over his face, and a black woolen scarf was wrapped around the lower half, probably against the cold.

Although his voice was muffled a bit by the scarf, the man’s French accent was clear as he asked, “Pardon, can you help me? I am not from New York, and I can’t seem to find this address.”

He held out a tiny scrap of paper in his pale, bony hand, extending it towards the young man.

As the young man bent his head down to examine the scrawl on the piece of paper, his attention was briefly diverted. Cestus seized him around the neck, choking off his voice before he could make a sound. The streets were virtually deserted at the moment, in any case. He forced the boy back into a dark alleyway and began to feed silently, unnoticed by any of the few who walked hurriedly by, intent on their own business.

###

Somewhere in upstate New York, 1962

The young man woke up in a dark room, feeling thirstier than he ever had in his entire life.

The last thing he could remember was some weird French guy stopping him to ask for directions.

After that, everything was a blank. He had no idea where he was, or how he had gotten there.

He tried to get up, but he realized that he was as weak and helpless as a newborn kitten; he had no strength, no energy at all and he was unable to do anything except lie back down in bed. As he did, he heard an odd crinkling noise, and felt a strange sensation at his groin. His head ached terribly as if from a severe hangover, but there was a feeling of numbness which enveloped his entire lower body, and he could barely move his hands and arms at all.

As his eyes adjusted to the lack of light, he realized there was someone sitting in the room with him, a heavy set middle aged woman who was dressed like a nurse.

"Ah, good, so you're finally awake," the woman said. "Please don't try to move, or speak. You've been given injections of a nerve disruptor medication, so you won't be able to do either until the drugs wear off."

The woman had a bit of a French accent also, the young man noticed.

He tried to ask where he was and what was happening to him, but all that came out was an odd gurgling noise.

"Don't worry, I know what you want to ask, and I'll tell you right now, just so you'll know where you stand. You have been brought to a private clinic which specializes in age regression and gender reassignment."

The woman continued, as she pulled the covers back to reveal the fact that the young man was wearing a frilly little pink dress which barely concealed the diaper that encased his privates and bottom.

"Your master has left you here so that we may begin your transformation, and you will be going through all the stages leading up to the age he has decided you will remain after we are finally done with you, although at a somewhat accelerated rate."

The nurse produced a bottle stoppered with a rubber teat and said, "At the moment, we have already regressed you to the first stage, that of a helpless baby. I'm sure you must be quite thirsty by now; look what Nurse Colette has for her lovely little baby girl!"

The young man shook his head violently and tried to cry for help, but his head exploded in pain at the sudden movement and the only sound that came from his lips was that baby-like gurgling.

"Please, be still, little one,' the woman's voice was almost sympathetic now. "To resist will only cause you more pain."

She quickly and forcefully inserted the bottle into the young man's mouth and held it there, smiling as he began to suck on it. Due to his overwhelming thirst, he couldn't help himself; his reaction was quite involuntary, and he emptied its contents rapidly. The nurse produced a second bottle, and before very long he had drained that one too.

"Yes, this is your fate now, and there is nothing you can do about it."

As the nurse said that, the young man blushed with humiliation as he suddenly felt himself losing control of his bladder and he began to wet his diaper. The woman smiled as she saw both his face and the stripe on the diaper change color at the same time, letting her know exactly what had happened.

She patted his crotch tenderly through the wet diaper and cooed with delight.

"Good girl, little baby Bethy wet her diaper so nicely for Nurse Colette. Such a good little girl!"

###

A few months later, 'Bethy' had certainly learned how important being a "good little girl" for Nurse Colette was.

Good behaviour was always rewarded with treats and little bits of forward progression, and bad behaviour punished quite severely, usually with regression in the form of spankings, extra formula feedings, and greatly reduced frequency of diaper changing.

By now, 'she' had progressed to being a toddler, and at the moment Bethy was wearing a cute little pink pinafore and white cotton little girl panties, white ankle socks with frills, and a pair of tight black patent leather t-bar flats as she sat at a low table, playing with her dollies and drinking lots of hot sweet milky 'cambric' tea under Nurse’s watchful gaze.

Bethy was being potty trained; after finally being fully conditioned to simply wet her diaper whenever she had to pee, it had become quite difficult for her to manage to hold it for even the shortest period of time once she began to feel the urge.

She had begun to feel the urge now, but she knew that Nurse Colette wasn't about to let her use the potty just yet, so poor Bethy was squirming in her low chair and desperately squeezing her legs together, somehow trying to keep the flood of pee inside as tiny squirts periodically dampened her white cotton panties just a little bit.

"Stop fidgeting!" Nurse scolded Bethy with an angry look on her face. "You don't want another spanking, do you?"

Bethy quickly shook her head no; she couldn't answer in any other way because her mouth was stoppered with a rubber pacifier which had been tied firmly back in place as soon as she had finished her last baby bottle of cambric tea.

Poor little Bethy's bottom was still red and sore from the severe spanking she had received earlier that morning when she had spilled her juice in an attempt to avoid drinking the second very large glass that Nurse had given her. She knew from previous experience that drinking that much juice would make it virtually impossible for her to not have a 'little accident', as Nurse called them, although they were usually neither.

In any case, after her spanking, Nurse had simply given her the same amount of juice in a baby bottle this time, and had stood over her until she had drained it dry, so all that Bethy had gotten out of the attempt was a warm little bottom.

A bottom that was soon about to be wet as well... as a further punishment for that spill, Nurse had given her three large baby bottles of cambric tea to drink in rapid succession, and had extended the time to her potty break.

As a result, Bethy was now feeling just about as desperate as a little girl could be...

Finally, unable to contain the copious amount of urine she had been forced to hold in her overburdened bladder any longer, the 'little girl' began wetting herself uncontrollably once again as she sat stiffly in her chair with her thighs pressed tightly together, the hot pee jetting out of her, soaking her panties and her dress, and pooling on the seat of the chair under her bottom before running down in a stream like a tiny waterfall onto the floor and forming a rather large puddle beneath her.

“Oh, my,” Nurse Colette said with a feigned note of sadness and disappointment in her voice.

"Did widdle Bethy wet her panties again?"

Bethy blushed bright red behind her dummy and nodded contritely as she looked down towards the floor.

Nurse smiled to herself, having known all along that there was absolutely no way the poor 'little girl' could have prevented that 'accident' from happening. The amount of liquid she had been forced to consume and the length of time she had been forced to hold it for had seen to that.

"It looks like it'll have to be back to diapers and rubber panties for you again for a while yet then, little Bethy."

<to be continued>

*272*2013-11-25 07:11

Thank you, thank you, thank you for all the views, and the comments, my friends.

*273*2013-11-29 07:09

Ahhh, Fridays... i do love them so !

Not sure how much a certain young girl will though...

In any case, here's the latest chapter, and i hope that you readers will enjoy yourselves,

Even if she doesn't all that much...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 30)

"L'APPARENCE DES CHOSES..."

(Cestus and Bethy)

(sound track: Blue Monk, by Thelonious Monk and Johnny Griffin)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/N7PdjPvM_E0?feature=oembed"

What seemed to be a teenaged girl stood there with her head bowed as she looked at down at the rounded toes of her high heeled shoes.

Her hands were holding the hem of her light blue plaid pleated skirt out slightly from her thighs as she curtsied to the vampires in front of her. Under her short skirt, she wore opaque black nylon tights, and a pair of delicate black lace panties beneath them which made her feel quite grown up now.

On top, she wore a navy blue cardigan sweater and a white blouse with a Peter Pan collar over a tight black lace bra that matched her panties and cradled her budding breasts perfectly.

Before getting dressed, she had been bathed in her usual bubble bath, then powdered and perfumed lightly with a delicate fragrance; now she smelled sweetly of lemon and lavender and baby powder, a lovely girlish scent, and her chestnut brown hair shone from precisely one hundred strokes with her hairbrush. Her hair was straight and just long enough to graze her chin, although at the moment it was being held back from her face by a medium blue velvet headband.

She wore just a hint of mascara and eyeliner, a discreet 'barely there' shade of pale blue eye shadow, a light brushing of blush, and clear lip gloss; it was just enough makeup to enhance her pretty features.

The makeup she was wearing also added to the ‘grown-up’ feeling, although she was still very much an insecure little girl inside. The time she had spent under Nurse Colette’s care had seen to that quite well, and her transformation was now complete, both inside and out.

After Nurse Colette had finished her psychological training, Cestus had paid a vampire plastic surgeon good blood money to make sure that his ’little one’ was suitably feminine looking before he had taken the final steps of turning ‘her’.

'She' would remain a pretty young adolescent girl for all eternity now; at least, as far as her outward appearance was concerned.

“What’s your name, bitch?” the younger of the two female vampires in front of her asked coldly.

“Bethy, ma’am,” the young girl replied, still looking down demurely at her shoes.

"Well, um... it's Elizabeth, really... but I'm usually just called Bethy, ma'am."

Bethy crossed her legs tightly and tried as hard as she could not to squirm, but all the subtle little signs still betrayed her, telegraphing the desperate state she was in at the moment to the small vampire with red hair who was now grinning evilly at her.

Then again, the red headed girl was something of an expert at detecting those signs in any case.

“And how old are you, dear?” the older one now inquired.

“I’m fourteen, ma’am.”

“How wonderful… such a lovely girl, and so polite, too.”

Kris snickered as Bethy seemed to blush at the compliment.

Of course she was polite; she really didn’t have much choice in the matter.

Any rudeness, rebellion, or misbehaviour on her part would result in another round of age regression.

It had already taken her seemingly forever to get to the point of being first a tween and then finally an adolescent; Bethy had no desire to have to try to work her way back up to this stage again.

“Another successful transformation, Cestus, or so it seems. It’s hard to believe she was ever a boy,” Judith said, smiling.

“Well, under those lovely panties she's wearing, all still remains as it was,” Cestus laughed.

“I find that a complete transformation is never quite as humiliating as leaving her a small reminder of what she used to be… although she has been chastised, and can therefore no longer attain an erection or reach orgasm.”

“Really? You mean she still has a…? ”

Kris smiled evilly once again as she approached the poor hapless 'girl' and then kneeled down in front of her.

Now Bethy was obviously blushing bright red as Kris lifted up the hem of her short pleated skirt, but she made no protest, no move to prevent the evil red headed vampire from doing so to expose her ’little secret’, as Cestus liked to call it.

She remained almost completely motionless, only squirming in place a little bit from the unfortunate combination of the vampire's icy cold touch and her desperate state as Kris rolled down her tights and lowered her black lace panties just enough to expose her now atrophied equipment sealed tightly in its short silver metal sheath and secured there by a permanent platinum barbell piercing.

At the sight of the pathetic little thing, Kris threw her head back and laughed.

She pulled Bethy's panties and tights back up into place, and then gave her a condescendingly gentle pat between her legs.

"Well, you weren't kidding when you said it was a 'small reminder'... she'd definitely pass as a girl anywhere now, especially with that tiny boyclit of hers!"

"Kris, please... can't you see that you're embarrassing her, the poor thing?" Judith said, but she was smiling also.

Bethy's humiliation was completely overwhelming to her, and since 'she' was now a submissive vampire, there would be no escaping her fate short of the end of her undead existence. Between her fear of age regression and her total dependence on her master for the blood she now needed in order to to survive, she was trapped in this reality forever, and would have to do whatever was required of her to make her master happy.

Cestus was delighted with the way she had turned out; it was like a dream come true for him.

“Wait, you haven’t even seen the best part yet,” the pale vampire said with a fang-baring smile.

Seeing her squirming just a bit more obviously now, he asked, “Bethy, do you need to pee?”

“Yes, Master Cestus.” The boygirl replied in a small, barely audible voice.

“She almost always does,” Cestus remarked, looking at Judith and Kris. ”I like to make sure of that by always having her drink plenty of water. It is not only good for her complexion, but it also helps to keep her in the right frame of mind.”

Then, turning back to Bethy, he asked, ”Well, then, what’s stopping you?”

“You haven’t given me permission yet, Master.”

“Alright then; you have my permission to wet your panties any time you wish, dear.”

“Please, sir, may I use the bathroom just this once? Please don’t make me wet myself in front of our guests, Master.” Bethy blushed a deeper shade of crimson as she pleaded with him, but it was no use.

“Oh, I’m quite sure they’ve seen little girls wet themselves before,” Cestus said with a laugh.

“There’s really no reason to be shy about being a little panty-wetter, dear. It is what you are, after all.”

Knowing now that she would not be allowed to use the toilet, Bethy blushed once more.

But she certainly didn't want to end up back in diapers under Nurse Colette's care again.

As bad as this is, that would be even worse, she thought to herself. Luckily, I really do have to go pretty badly!

With a sense of resignation, she sighed deeply and, in full view of everyone, spread her legs apart slightly under her short pleated skirt and then began to wet her black lace panties, first in a few small spurts and then suddenly with surprising force.

As her overly full bladder finally released its liquid contents, the hot fragrant pee now gushed from within her and squirted through her panties beneath her miniskirt, a strong clear stream that flowed out in a slight arc and splashed down onto the floor to form a small puddle between her high heeled shoes.

Hot tears of shame began to flow as well from her pretty brown eyes as if in tandem with the hot spring of wetness coming from between her legs, the tears making her mascara run as she experienced a by now familiar yet still bizarre combination of total humiliation, abject abasement and unmitigated arousal along with her feeling of extreme relief.

But most of all, despite her makeup, her sexy underwear and her high heels, Bethy didn't feel quite so grown up anymore.

As always, wetting herself had reduced her to a state of helpless little girlhood again, and that was just the way Cestus preferred her.

<to be continued>

