Ron's Accident (Harry Potter)

Author: BurstingBabe

*000*2011-12-05 07:40

Ron squirmed slightly in his seat as McGonagall announced free study. Damn! Normally, Ron would appreciate it, but McGonagall’s free study rules state that if anyone talked or even raised their hand, she would assume that they couldn’t keep busy, and she would assign something really brutal for everyone in the class. He didn’t want to be blamed for THAT (again) but... bloody hell! He had to pee! But he could hold it, surely. He was a 6th year, after all. And Lavender was in this class, not to mention Malfoy, the git of all gits. Yes, holding it was the only option. He would NOT pee himself in front of his girlfriend or Malfoy.

A half an hour later, he wasn’t as positive. Fanning his legs a bit when McGonagall wasn’t looking, he was close to needing to grip his cock in order to keep it in, and he’d be as loony as Luna before he grabbed himself like that in class! He HAD to keep it in!

A tap on his left shoulder startled him, and he bit down a curse as he did what he just swore he would never do to keep it in. Sucking air through clenched teeth, he saw that it was Hermione next to him. Shit. Not now. He’d rather have Lavender witness this than her. Not that he’d ever admit it. “What?” he hissed.

Hermione smiled innocently. “Nothing. You just look a little uncomfortable, is all.” She whispered, making sure McGonagall didn’t catch her talking in class. Then she’d lose the points she got last class.

“I’m fine, okay? Besides, I thought you were ignoring me because I chose Lavender over you!” She flinched back from him, her face burning. She dropped her eyes back to her paper. Ron immediately felt terrible. He would apologize after class. He was just in so much bloody pain right then!

“You have one more hour until the end of class, students!” called McGonagall from her desk. Ron gasped as his bladder protested. An hour? He didn’t even know if he was going to last for 10 more minutes! He slipped his hand underneath his desk and grabbed his crotch, desperate to keep from embarrassing himself.

Little did Ron know that Hermione had kept watching him after he turned around, and that she knew exactly what was wrong. For Merlin’s sake, she had watched him guzzle down about a day’s worth of water in one go right before class started. What did he expect was going to happen, especially right before a double period?

But this was too good to miss. Screw losing points, he was going to pay for his little remark. Merlin knew she could earn back any points she may lose. Taking out her wand, she waved in toward the rest of the class and mumbled, “Muffliato.”

Satisfied that she performed the spell correctly, she spoke to Ron in a normal voice. “I know what your problem is, Won-Won.” she announced mockingly.

“Shut up!” Ron hissed, his face flaming as red as his hair. Hermione had to struggle so she wouldn’t let on how cute she thought he looked right now, with his face beet red, and his legs twisted around his hand, which was wringing his penis in sheer desperation.

“I thought you didn’t approve of that spell anyway?” he groaned as he fended off another wave.

“Times change.” smirked Hermione. “You’re going to pay for that little remark you made a few minutes ago.”

She smiled wider as Ron’s expression turned fearful. He knew she wasn’t messing around. “All right, I’m sorry!” Hermione snorted.

“No, I’m serious! As soon-ugh- as the words were-ugh-out of my mouth- ooh- I wanted to take them back! You didn’t deserve-oh- that.” He doubled over in his seat 4 times during that. “Oooooohhhhhh just let me pee and I’ll do anything you want!”

Hermione was confused. Ron NEVER sounded sincere when forced to apologize, even when it was in his best interest to sound so. But he did right now. “Well, all right. I forgive you.” she informed him, like it was a big surprise. She always forgave him, because she loved- NO! She couldn’t think like that! She had already been hurt enough by him.

“But I don’t know how you’re going to get out of this one. There’s still an hour left.”

Ron face contorted in a painful grimace. “I’m not gonna be able to hold it, Hermione!” he whined in desperation. “I’m gonna pee myself in front of everyone and worse, you-“He stopped abruptly, turned, if possible, a darker red than before.

Hermione’s expression softened as she looked at him. “W-wouldn’t it be worse if Lavender saw it? She’s your girlfriend, not me.” She tried not to sound sad or bitter at that.

“Only-ugh- only because she’s the only-oooooohhhhhh- the only one who ever liked me, ugh, like that.”

If only you knew, Hermione thought sadly. But all she said was, “What can I do to help?”

“Well,” Ron hesitated.

“I’ll do anything.”

“I-I can’t grip it right. Somebody else probably could, though.”

“Grip wha- oh.” Hermione felt her face burning as it hit her.

Ron sucked in a breath as he felt himself lose it for two seconds, pee shooting into his boxers. “Hurry, just do it!” he cried.

Hermione slipped her hand into Ron’s pants, eyeing McGonagall as she did so. McGonagall didn’t seem to notice. The Prince’s spell still seemed to be working. She grabbed Ron’s penis through his boxers and gripped it hard. She noticed it was already quite damp. It was obvious he wasn’t going to last much longer.

As she looked up at him nervously, she realized he was blushing again. “Yeah, I-I already kind of...”

“It’s okay,” she whispered. “I’m not going to judge you. I’m here to help.”

“I thought you were mad at me.” he mumbled.

“I was, but... you have bigger problems at the moment. Besides, there’s no doubt you’ll pee me off again soon enough.”

Ron chuckled, then winced at the pain that followed. “Yeah, all that’s true enough.” Suddenly, he looked guilty. “Hermione?”

“Mmm?” Hermione mumbled, trying not to concentrate too much on how hot this situation was right now.

“I’m sorry. For everything. Thank you for this.”

“No problem.” She said shyly. She looked up at the clock. “One minute to go, Ron! I’m going to lift the spell now.” Then she did just that.

Ron groaned as anticipation made him pee for another 2 seconds. He didn’t think he had ever blushed this much in his life. And with his family, that’s saying something. “S-Sorry.” he muttered.

Hermione felt her hand dampen as Ron lost it again. “No. It’s okay. You can’t help it right now.” she whispered back.

Secretly, she found Ron hot when he was this vulnerable. But she would believe in Crumple-Horned Snorkacks before she told him that.

“Class dismissed!” McGonagall’s voice made both of them jump, but only one of them spurted another second of pee into their boxers. As all the students gathered their things and started out the door, Hermione realized she would have to let go.

“Hey, Ron? I’m gonna have to let go. You ready?”

He groaned in frustration, but nodded reluctantly. “One... two... three!” She let go, and Ron hissed and grabbed himself again as he felt himself lose it once more. By this time, his trousers had a wet spot the size of an apple.

Hermione looked up to realize the only people left in the room were Professor McGonagall, Lavender, and... she groaned. Malfoy. And they were all staring at them. Or more specifically, staring at Ron losing his battle with his bladder.

“Won-Won?” Lavender asked uncertainly. Ron jumped out of his seat at this, trying to look natural. Unfortunately, the sudden movement jolted his bladder.

“Nonononono!!! Not here. Not now. Pleeeeeeease....” he moaned in desperation, but it was no use. His tortured bladder exploded, flooding his pants and the area around him. He closed his eyes in shame, and Hermione glared at Malfoy, her wand out, daring him to say something. But it wasn’t Malfoy who reacted first.

Oh, EWWW!” screeched Lavender. “Ronald Weasley, you can’t even hold your pee for ONE class? That’s it, we are so over. And I swear to Merlin, the whole school is gonna know about this. I wouldn’t wish you on my worst enemy!”

Hermione made to hex the bitch, but someone else got to her first. And it wasn’t Professor McGonagall.

“Obliviate!” Malfoy’s voice rang out. Lavender’s expression relaxed and Professor McGonagall sprang into action. Grabbing Lavender’s arm, she led her out of the classroom, and shut the door softly behind her to give her students their privacy.

Hermione looked at Malfoy in amazement, while Ron was still lost in his mortification. Did Malfoy, the boy who had tormented them with unrestrained glee for almost 6 years straight, just help them out? Or did he just want to be the one who spread it around school?

Draco stared back. “Don’t worry. This will stay between us.”

“Why?” Hermione asked coldly. “What reason could you possibly have to keep it quiet? Blackmail opportunities?”

Draco seemed to consider her for a moment. Flushing slightly, he replied, “It happened to me once. I know how it feels and it’s not fun. My father sent me to Muggle school for a year so I could observe first-hand-” he broke off, hesitating, before continuing, “-why Muggles are so inferior compared to us.” He broke off again, seeming to expect a reprimand. When none came, he continued.

“I was ten at the time, and the teachers thought us old enough to be able to wait until the end of class. To make a long story short, I ended up wetting myself worse than Weasley here just did. I never got a break from any of the Muggles. I was tormented just as much from the teachers as I was from the students. Of course, my father wasn’t too pleased with me either, but when he saw that the experience taught me what he wanted me to learn, he let off.”

He stared intently at Hermione. “I had my own reason for hating anyone connected with Muggles. It was never my father’s influence. The reason he sent me there was because I questioned his beliefs. Since then, I had no reason to question them again-until now. I saw the way you were ready to defend Weasley from anyone who dared say anything- even if that person was from your own House, your own dorm. Maybe- maybe Muggle-Borns aren’t so bad after all.” Malfoy said this last part bitterly, like it couldn’t matter now, even if he wanted it to.

He turned to go, and then stopped abruptly. “Oh, and Granger?” he called over his shoulder. “If that story is ever made public knowledge, I will personally make sure each of your lives will be a living hell to the day you all die. Got it?”

“Perfectly.” she replied, hiding a smile. Who knew? Malfoy actually had a heart! Suddenly, she heard a whimper next to her.

She looked over to see Ron, still soaked, with humiliated tears running down his cheeks. Hermione pointed her wand at him dried his clothes with a nonverbal spell. Then she performed Scorgify to get rid of the chemicals in urine that wasn’t pure liquid. Waving her wand once more, she Vanished the puddle around him.

“I’m s-so s-sorry, Herm-Hermione.” Ron sobbed. “I’m s-so embarrassed! I c-can’t believe that I d-did that in front of y-you! That’s n-never happened before, I swear.”

Smiling mischievously, Hermione threw her arms around Ron’s neck and surprised him with the most passionate kiss she had ever bestowed on anyone. “Nobody will ever know except you, me, and Malfoy.”

“W-What?” It took him a few minutes to come back to reality. Once he did, he gasped. “Malfoy saw this? I’m dead!” Hermione looked at him in confusion.

“You didn’t hear him?”

Ron shook his head slowly. “No, I was lost in thoughts about how I was going to ask Moaning Myrtle if I could live with her after I offed myself, actually.”

Smothering an amused laugh at that, she said, “Well, never mind then. The important thing is, Lavender memory was modified, and Malfoy... well, he and I have a deal. He won’t tell anyone.”

“Right.” Ron snorted sarcastically, back to his old self. “And you’re in love with me, too.”

At that, Hermione laughed outright. “Well, miracles do happen from time to time!” With that, Hermione yanked an astonished Ron to her and snogged him senseless.

((Any constructive criticism? This is my first story!))

