Hive Mind: An Experimental Interactive Omorashi Sci-Fi - Page 3

Author: Railgun-sama

*057*2014-10-24 07:12

/* So, I haven't updated this story (or my other, for that matter) for a while, and for that I apologize. I've had a lot going on, including midterms, research papers, and even dates, and I've been a bit busy. Hopefully thing's are going to quiet down at least a little bit and I'll once again be able to update frequently. For now, though, here's a shit storm of a chapter that hopefully isn't so all-over-the-place that you can't follow it. */

—{{###// Error////////}}—

Suddenly, everything goes black.

We’re sorry. The current operation encountered a critical problem and has crashed. (Error code 10032). To help improve our services, we collect crash reports and survey data on a regular basis.

Would you like to send a report?

[Yes] [No]

“What.”

It’s the controller, and for all intents and purposes, he does not sound happy.

“No, seriously… WHAT?”

“We… we don’t understand… how… Crashed…!? How does a computer made out of human minds CRASH!?”

The controller sighed. You imagine if he… or she –they, rather— had a body, they’d probably be running their hands through their hair in an exasperated manner right now.

You can’t really blame them. You imagine that, at some point during your life before death, you probably had to deal with computers that managed to cause you a bit of trouble at one point or another.

“We… we’ll be right back.”

You hear the sound of a door closing— prerecorded stock sound, most likely— and wonder why the controller insists on pretending they’re actually going anywhere.

You hear the door creak open again, or rather, a different door, judging by the sound clips. You briefly wonder if the controller is screwing around with you.

To be fair, they probably are.

“Oh, and DON’T send that report. It’ll be fine, we’re sure.”

The controller doesn’t sound sure, but you don’t really know how to send it anyway. Perhaps you can’t, and the controller was just being coy.

You now find yourself with nothing to do.

Your mind is— either surprisingly or unsurprisingly, you don’t really know— empty. Your memories are drawing blanks in the most basic of places. You can’t remember your name, the faces of your parents, where you grew up. Everything lost in a sea of murk and unsureness.

You don’t have much opportunity to reflect on this, however. In short order, you hear the a sound clip of a door opening and exaggerated footsteps, supposedly to emulate the controller entering the “room” again.

You’re starting to think this controller might just be a cheeky bastard.

“Okay, from the vital signs and silence on the client side of the network, we have deduced that Senna has fainted. Why this caused the system to crash… well…”

They leave you hanging, but then you slowly start to feel Senna’s world through the network again. She’s waking up.

“Oh… brilliant! Well, we don’t have to fix that problem now… we just have to figure out… what’s going on with everything else- oh, look, apparently something’s on fire. We can do maintenance later.”

Indeed, the controller was correct. One of the brain scanners had caught on fire. You imagine the sparks from the shady-looking boy’s hands have something to do with it.

“Fraulein! Fraulein Senna! Are you alright!?”

“Hey, German bastard! What the hell was that!?”

“Omoko… needs… to pee!”

Things were as much of a shit storm as they were when Senna fainted.

A few doctors and nurses had piled in, some on either side of the room. Some looked like they were supposed to be restraining the boy, but they were understandably deterred.

There was also a scorched hole in the wall, but strangely enough, instead of coming from the boy’s side, it seemed to come from Dr. Klaus’s side instead.

Perhaps that was why the shady figure had asked Dr. Klaus “what the hell”.

Senna looks up at Dr. Klaus and notices his arm seems to have been more or less neatly fused with some sort of electronic device, with metal following along his arm and wires disappearing and reappearing from underneath his skin.

You guess you can take consolation in the fact that, while you might be at a huge loss, at least Senna’s equally confused.

“Ach, look at yourself first, boy.”

A few stray pieces of electrical wire are raveled throughout the boy’s arms. They seem to be the source of the sparks.

“Omoko feels like she’s been abandoned. She also smells something burning.”

Senna glances over at Omoko and realizes that she’s still in the brain scanner. The dome-like scanner was preventing her from seeing any of what was going on.

She was also wiggling around with her hand jammed between her legs.

Goddamn Furosemide.

You feel like you’ve fallen asleep during a movie and you missed the buildup to the climax.

It seems like Senna feels the same way, because her most overpowering thought right now is a loud, flat “WHAT.”

“Oh my, oh my… what’s this?”

THAT VOICE! NOW OF ALL TIMES!? YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING KIDDING ME!

Indeed, the nurse that Senna hates pops her head through the hole made by –well, you don’t yet know what made that hole, but you have a feeling someone owes Senna an explanation eventually— and smiles as if she’s checking up on a patient.

“Oh dear. I thought I told you to stay in bed!”

“Oh hell no. Not you, you stupid bit-”

Before he could finish calling her a bitch, the nurse rushes up to him and stabs him with a syringe.

“Oh my… oh my… It looks like I accidentally stabbed you…”

“What the hell!? Are you going to tranquilize me or something!?”

“Oh no! I didn’t come prepared for something like that…”

The nurse glares directly at him with sadistic eyes.

“This syringe… it’s empty. Filled with air… see? It’d be really bad if I so much as tapped the plunger, don’t you think?”

You think you’re beginning to see why Senna absolutely hates this nurse.

The boy, having no other options at this point, holds his hands up and the wires and electronics embedded in his arms slowly morph out. It’s quite the grotesque sight, like the electronics are being pulled out of a flesh-colored tar pit by an unseen hand.

Senna holds back the urge to puke.

The nurse smiles and removes the syringe without an incident.

“Now, follow me back to your room. If you get up again, I’ll have to tie you up. I can’t say I don’t particularly want to do that… but I’d imagine it’d be unpleasant for you, right?”

Grumbling various curses, the boy turns to follow the nurse, although not without turning back towards Senna and flashing her a creepy smile and a chilling wink.

And just like that, the situation was resolved.

“Omoko… really can’t hold it…”

Well, mostly.

The technology embedded in Dr. Klaus’s arm was ejected in a much smoother manner, though that fact didn’t do anything to soothe Senna’s nerves about the whole thing.

As Dr. Klaus freed Omoko from the machine, Senna realizes for the first time that she’s leaning against the wall.

She pulls herself into a kneeling position and hugs her cane, unsure as to whether her shaky legs could even support herself.

“Ach, sorry we forgot about you, Omoko. A lot just happened, ja?”

Omoko springs to her feet and lightly pounds her fists against Dr. Klaus repeatedly.

“Omoko won’t forgive you next time… a-ah!”

Omoko grabs herself and wriggles in place.

“Toilet… toilet!”

Dr. Klaus nods, “Ah, it’s just a short walk down the hall, but I’ll take you there. Ach! Fraulein Senna, I’d hate to leave you here all by yourself. Can you walk?”

Senna nods and pulls herself to her feet shakily.

“You… you’re going to tell me what the hell all that was, right?”

Dr. Klaus smiles, “Of course, but first, let’s get our new friend to the toilets, ja?”

The three set off down the hall once again, and Senna finds herself taking solace in the now-familiar situation. Omoko trails behind a little, holding herself openly, and it’s exceptionally quiet, but Senna can at least take comfort in walking behind the white coat of Dr. Klaus.

About halfway down the hall, Omoko slows down considerably and comes to a stop, leaning against the wall and dancing in place.

“Omoko… Omoko’s at her limit! Omoko can’t walk anymore!”

“Ach, the toilets are just up ahead, can’t you walk a bit further?”

Omoko shakes her head.

“A-ah!”

Omoko doubles over and squeezes her eyes shut. In the next moment, her face turns bright red and she looks away as she faces downwards.

“A-ah, Omoko… didn’t just leak a little! Omoko’s not the kind of woman who’d do such a thing… but…”

Her voice lowers and Senna could barely understand what she said afterwards.

Dr. Klaus sighs.

“Ach, there’s no helping it then…. Geh ma.”

Dr. Klaus is not someone Senna would immediately mark as looking exceptionally strong, yet with very little effort he was able to lift Omoko up bridal style and walk calmly down the hall.

Omoko’s blush only grew deeper as she squirmed around in Dr. Klaus’s arms.

“W-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wha-what are you doing!?”

Dr. Klaus sighs again.

“You need to go, ja? I can’t have you wet yourself in the middle of the halls, but if you can’t walk, this is the only solution.”

Omoko looks away and blushes, but then her eyes shoot open and she jams her hands between her legs.

“P-put… put Omoko down!”

She squirms around and shakes as she makes her demands, but Dr. Klaus doesn’t pay it any heed.

“Pl-please… put Omoko down right now…”

“The bathroom’s just up ahead. It’s fine if your embarrassed but-”

“Put… Omoko down… before… A-ahhh!”

A visible wet spot appears on the crotch of her shorts as she squirms around in Dr. Klaus’s arms.

“Pu…put Omoko… down… before Omoko…”

Omoko manages to hop down from Dr. Klaus’s arms just as she loses control. She collapses onto her knees as her pent up flood cascades out from between them, pooling between her tightly pressed together thighs and gushing out onto the floor.

She shudders eventually as the flow comes to a slow stop. Tears stream down her face and she buries her head in her hands as she cries.

“Omoko… Omoko’s… not a little girl… Omoko… isn’t the kind of woman who’d… wet herself…”

Senna walks over to Omoko— careful enough to avoid the puddle of urine, and pats her on the back.

“Hey, it’s okay…”

“Omoko… Omoko’s not…”

Her words not getting through, Senna sighs and takes a step back. The violet haired woman seemed intent on crying in the middle of the hallway in her own puddle of urine.

Dr. Klaus steps in and helps Omoko to her feet. She doesn’t stop crying, but at least they could get her out of the view of anyone else.

Once they’re further down the hall, Dr. Klaus’s eyes light up and he smirks at Senna with a small wink.

“Ach… first thing’s first… could you take Omoko to the showers and help her clean up. She seems intent on acting like a little girl and crying… I doubt she’s in any state to clean herself up, ja?”

“Omoko… Omoko is…”

Omoko stops crying almost instantly and a look of anger flashes across her face.

“Omoko is a big girl who can clean herself up, thank you very much!”

Omoko pouts and lightly punches Dr. Klaus.

Dr. Klaus smiles.

“Alright, alright, I get it! The showers are over down that hall and to the right. There should be a sign on the door. You’re good from here, ja?”

Omoko nods happily and rushes off without another word.

Senna isn’t entirely confident Omoko will be alright on her own.

She… didn’t know what to do with clothes earlier…. Ah well, I’m sure it’s fine. At least she’s not crying anymore.

The moment she’s out of sight, Dr. Klaus frowns.

“I assume you still want to know what happened back there, ja?”

Senna nods.

“Let’s go back to the physiotherapy room then.”

The walk to the room is quiet and Senna begins to feel uncomfortable in the stiff silence. Still, it’s not long before the two are back in the room and Dr. Klaus is leaning against his desk.

“Ach… where to begin…”

Dr. Klaus takes out a small electronic thermometer from his desk.

“Senna, have you ever heard the term ‘technomorph’?”

Senna thinks back. The term’s come up in a few sci-fi novels she’s read before, but she’s never heard it out of a fictional context.

“I’ve heard of it in a few books, but they were fiction, so…”

Dr. Klaus nods.

“Natural selection. It’s the driving force behind evolution. It allows a species to adapt to its environment and survive longer. Humans like to think we are at the endpoint of evolution. But why would we be? We live in an environment where humans are still killed off by disease, murder, and external factors. In truth, human evolution has only been stunted, not halted, and indeed we are still adapting to our new environment, even if it’s one we created ourselves.”

Senna nods to indicate she’s following all of this.

“As early as the twenty first century, humans have been implanting themselves with technology. At first it started out as electrodes that acted as relays for artificial limbs and bionic eyes. Then we got more ambitious. We began turning ourselves into cyborgs for military purposes, but we soon realized that these same techniques could be applied to everyday citizens to give them back functions and ability they lost through sickness or injury.”

Senna nods and pokes at her electrode, “This thing is the latest form of that. Artificial brain supplementation.”

Dr. Klaus nods, “The point is… we’ve been combining ourselves with technology for at least a century now… and in some people, evolution’s starting to catch on.”

Dr. Klaus grabs the electronic thermometer and holds his hand out to show Senna. The electronic thermometer began to break apart into its component parts and sink into Dr. Klaus’s arm.

Soon, all that was left was the display, which had moved to the back of Dr. Klaus’s hand, and a few stray circuits and wires.

Dr. Klaus grabs Senna’s arm and the display begins blinking with numbers until it reads out a nice 37.2 degrees Celsius.

“B…but even if that’s true, how did you do that? How did some people evolve that quickly?”

Dr. Klaus shrugs.

“I became a doctor to answer some of those questions. Really, I don’t even know how my own skills work. All I know is that people like us are starting to pop up more and more, and they’ve been dubbed ‘technomorphs’.”

“W-wait… like ‘us’? You don’t mean…”

Before Senna could finish or Dr. Klaus could answer her obvious question, Omoko burst into the room with a smile. Her hair was wet from her shower and she was clad in nothing but a bath towel.

“Aaahhh! Omoko feels refreshed!”

Dr. Klaus points over to the chair looks away.

He had laid out clothes for Omoko ahead of time.

Omoko fidgets around a little bit before frowning.

“Omoko… Omoko’s a bit embarrassed to say this, but Omoko sometimes… forgets… how to get dressed…”

“Omoko’s a big girl” my ass! How can such a woman exist? She apparently knows complex quantum physics, but she can’t figure out how clothes work!?

Despite her incredulous thoughts, Senna heads over to help Omoko get dressed. It doesn’t take that long, but it still feels quite awkward for Senna.

Once Omoko’s decent, she looks over at Dr. Klaus before putting her fingers over her lips and turning towards Senna, indicating she wanted her to be quiet.

In the next moment, Dr. Klaus found himself being hugged from behind.

“Ach! Omoko!”

“Omoko’s sorry for wetting herself and acting childish earlier… Omoko hopes that Omoko didn’t cause too much trouble for her new sensei…”

Dr. Klaus sighs, “It’s fine, it’s fine, ja? But please let go….”

Omoko smiles and releases Dr. Klaus.

“Ach, such an eventful day, and it’s not even evening yet, ja?”

Senna nods. She can’t remember walking so much since she’s been admitted into the hospital.

Omoko yawns and rubs her eyes.

“Omoko’s sleepy.”

Senna hadn’t realized it herself, but she’s also rather tired. She inadvertently also lets out a yawn.

“Man, today was crazy. How much physiotherapy was that?”

Dr. Klaus laughs, “Ach, well, you can go back to your room if you want to rest a little. I’ll look for something for Omoko in the meantime, and I’ll be sure to wake you up before dinner, ja?”

For the first time in quite a while, you feel the lower nodes send you predetermined decisions in a normal manner.

— [ Rest is important. She’s had a busy day. ]—

—[ Dr. Klaus still owes her an answer, and she really wants him to clarify more. She can nap later! ]—

—[ The least she can do is help Dr. Klaus look for a place for Omoko to nap. Maybe she can ask him a few questions in the meanwhile. After that she can nap all she wants! ]—

*060*2014-10-24 21:43

/* While mutation (which is not the same as evolution, mind you), can happen anywhere at any time for any reason, it's not the same exact thing as natural selection, which specifically refers to survival of said mutations due to their benefits. These traits are often determined by environment because they are kept specifically because they help a species survive. Moreover, evolution, which is the gradual change of a species as a whole or the emergence of a subspecies does take place gradually, whereas the specific mutations that are kept and multiplied through natural selection often happen in individuals rather abruptly. Keep in mind, also, that there wouldn't be a direct path from regular human to the kind of technomorph Dr. Klaus is.

Also, Dr. Klaus doesn't know much about his own abilities anyway, with the exception of how to use them. It's entirely possible external influences he is not aware of lead to the guided creation of technomorphs, rather than a gradual development. Also keep in mind that Dr. Klaus's explanation was the most plausible from his point of view, not necessarily a proven fact. */

*063*2014-12-16 09:02

/* Welp, it's been almost two months since I last updated the story, and I apologize for that. I could try to explain it away with a number of excuses, but I think the best thing to do is just apologize for the long wait. Sometimes I lose inspiration for a story and wind up not updating for a while, but usually I'll get back to it sooner or later. I try not to do that much anymore, but sometimes ol' man writer's block thwacks me in the head. But without further ado, let's get back to the story. */

//_Reboot in progress

10%...

22%...

45%...

60%...

55%...

63%...

71%...

80%...

96%...

100%... Done

We apologize for the… absence. We had some serious maintenance to work on, but now it seems all is in order.

We hope.

Anyway, before we transfer you back online, we must warn you, it hasn’t been nearly as long as you may think. We utilized an overclocking protocol that induces a perceived time dilatation, allowing us to work without interfering with the patients connected to the Hivemind. By our estimate, it’s been at least two month from our perspective, but only a few seconds have passed for our interesting friend.

Ah, now where were we… ah yes! Perfect!

—(( The least she can do is help Dr. Klaus look for a place for Omoko to nap. Maybe she can ask him a few questions in the meanwhile. After that she can nap all she wants! ))—

“…Senna?” you hear Dr. Klaus ask. You guess those few seconds caused a noticeable break in Senna’s focus, “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine,” you hear Senna answer, “I can help you find Omoko a place to sleep first, at least.”

Omoko presses her fingers together timidly, “Ah, its fine if you don’t have anywhere… Omoko is fine sleeping anywhere.”

“As a doctor, I cannot allow someone to sleep anywhere unhealthy for their spine. Only a proper bed or futon will suffice,” Dr. Klaus replies.

Senna isn’t quite sure if he’s being serious, or trying to make Omoko feel better.

Omoko relaxes, at the very least, and follows behind tiredly as Senna and Dr. Klaus head out once more into the hallway.

“Oh, Dr. Klaus! I was just looking for you.”

That bitch!

The antagonistic nurse (wait, when did you start considering her antagonistic? Senna must be rubbing off on you) stands before Dr. Klaus and Senna with a smile on her face.

“Sakashi,” Dr. Klaus acknowledges cooly. He narrows his eyes at her, and she frowns slightly.

“Oh my, oh my, what’s with that look all of a sudden?”

“An air embolism can indeed be fatal, but only if you actually aim for an artery1. Nice bluffing.”

“Oh my, you noticed? Well, I am a nurse, after all. I wouldn’t actually put a patient in such danger.”

Oh, but drugging a water dispenser is completely fine!?

Dr. Klaus cuts straight to the chase “I’m a bit preoccupied at the moment. What do you need?”

“Hm… well, I wanted to ask you about that person. He’s… a technomorph, isn’t he?”

Dr. Klaus nods, “Did you really need to ask me that? It was quite apparent, I’d say.”

“Well, we wanted to make sure what we were going up against…” the nurse frowns.

“Wait, going up against? What do you mean by that?” Dr. Klaus asks, a bit concerned.

“He’s gotten away again, and this time there’s some missing equipment. I don’t know what he’s doing, but I’d imagine he’s still looking for her.”

She motioned to Senna and she frowns for multiple reasons.

That person… he had tried to protect me back then… so then, why this?

“It’s possible his head injury altered his personality. After all, we didn’t see a Wireless Electrode Transmitter on him anywhere.”

A-ah! What the hell? Do you have to keep popping into my own thoughts?

“Our apologies. We were under the impression you would be aware we would do this. It was written in our privacy policy.”

How was I supposed to consciously agree to something if I couldn’t think straight? To hell with it! So, you’re saying he...

“It’s possible his mental functions were in-tact enough to reject the necessary procedures, indicating mental supplementation was not necessary.”

Then, can anyone who “needs” the supplementation reject it?

“Simply put, no. Our rejection policy also works as a screening process. If a patient is unable to reject the procedure, or at least show significant signs that they cannot understand what it is they’re rejecting, they are connected to the Hivemind. Those who are mentally sound enough to show they know what they’re rejecting are not given the procedure.”

So… it wasn’t really ever a choice then, was it?

“Can you really say you are unhappy with the way things have progressed thus-far? Would you have rather be a mindless vegetable?”

Something about the way the Controller says that sends hypothetical shivers up your nonexistent spine. He speaks these last words with venom, as if the Controller’s given Senna an invaluable gift and she’s acting even somewhat ungrateful for it.

“Fraulein Senna?”

Dr. Klaus’s voice snaps Senna out of her shock. She was seemingly as unnerved at the Controller’s tone as you were.

“Y-yeah?” Senna asks, shaking her head.

“I think the best solution right now would be to leave the hospital. You’re technically still recovering, but if he’s on the loose somewhere here, I believe it’s in your best interest if we-“

Dr. Klaus can’t finish before the entire building begins to shake.

“A-an earthquake!?” Sakashi asks, alarmed.

“No…” Omoko answered, “These vibrations…”

She closes her eyes for a split second.

“An explosion, probably chemical, five… no… six meters away and at least two floors down.” Omoko replies.

It was entirely possible to sustain that much information from vibrations and seismic, but normally it would take a computer and delicate scientific instruments.

Sakashi covers her mouth and gasps, “T-that’s the intensive care unit!”

Before anyone can react to that news, another explosion shakes the building, this time directly underneath Senna.

The floor starts crumbling underneath everyone. In a panic, Senna’s nanobots are ejected, with your view quickly shifting to one. As you orbit around Senna, who’s starting to slip on the crumbling tiles, you notice Omoko cling to Dr. Klaus as he tries to reach out towards her.

“Grab on, Fraulein!” he calls out, extending his hand as far as he can go on the stable ground.

Senna’s about to reach out to him when the ground beneath her shifts more and she falls just out of reach.

The rest of the floor, including the floor Dr. Klaus is standing on, begins to crumble.

The floor beneath Senna gives out and she finds herself falling with a bunch of rubble around her.

She hits the ground hard and your view goes black.

###

When Senna wakes up, everything hurts.

You can’t feel it per say, but you know she’s in pain.

She tries raising her right arm, and slowly a bloodied hand appears in front of her eyes.

Or, at least, the one she can keep open. There’s some fresh blood over the other one, and she’d have to wipe it away before she could even hope to see out of it.

“Damnit,” she replied, sitting up.

Her back hurt from the impact, but she could still move her legs. She wasn’t paralyzed, at least.

She looks down to inspect herself. The grey hoodie she’s wearing is torn in a few places and there’s some blood, but not much to be concerned about, she things.

As she stands up shakily, she mentally curses.

Damnit! Again!? I can’t believe I have to go at a time like this!

She has to go to the toilet again, it seems.

She wobbles slightly as she turns and glances around the room she’s landed in. You thought that maybe there’d be a hallway here, since there was one on the floor Senna had fallen from, but it seemed the hospital wasn’t designed that way.

With horror, Senna realizes that this is a hospital room.

She glances to the side. Everything is covered in ashes and most things are considerably burned, but Senna can make out the form of someone’s leg from the other side of the half-charred bedframe.

Oh my god! Do they need help!?

Senna runs around to the other end of the bed and nearly vomits.

The patient this room belonged to is sprawled across the floor, parts of her arm and face had been blasted off, revealing bloodied bone underneath.

“Pity, isn’t it?”

Senna whirled around and came face to face with the boy from before. Now that the room isn’t as dark and there’s light filtering through the window behind her, Senna can make out his features clearly.

His hair is as red as the blood staining the floor. Senna doesn’t remember him having such vibrant hair, but she highly doubted he actually dyed it.

His eyes are wide, maybe a bit too wide, and his twisted smile stretches across his entire face.

“She looks young too… she probably had her whole life ahead of her. It’s a shame she was in this room.”

W-what the hell… is with this guy?

“Oh come now, Senna-chan!” the red-haired boy frowned, “don’t look at me with such cold eyes.”

“You… you killed-“

Senna’s nausea hits its peak and she’s forced to stop talking and clamp her mouth shut to hold back her vomit. The horrifying image of the dead woman keeps flashing in Senna’s mind every time she blinks.

“Killed…? Oh, you think I did this? Don’t misunderstand the situation. Someone else set off explosions in this room. I just came to investigate and found the lovely Senna-chan lying unconscious on the floor.”

So this… creep… was watching me while I was asleep!?

“Here, as a token of goodwill. You can’t get around without it, right?”

The red-haired boy holds out a cane for her.

“L-liar… you did this! It had to be you!”

The red-haired boy frowned.

“Look… that person probably already told you I escaped, right? Well, it’s not like that, exactly. I wasn’t in the radiology lab just to say hi to you, you know? Something one of the nurses said while they thought I was unconscious piqued my interest. I’m just… investigating a little.”

But… in the radiology lab… Dr. Klaus…

“This woman wasn’t just anyone. She was a teacher from our school. Don’t you find that a bit odd? This room was bombed, but why? There’s some things going on…”

The red-haired man rubs his neck awkwardly as Senna gives him the silent treatment and he sighs.

“I probably don’t have to say it, but… I’m not entirely together up here,” the red-haired man pointed at his head, “I’d like someone smart and sexy to work as my assistant. What do you say?”

He holds out the cane to Senna once again, and she eyes it tentatively.

You feel the familiar sensation of options coming in to be presented to you. It’s been a while, but you haven’t forgotten how this works.

— [ NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. ]—

—[ Even if we can’t trust him, it’s better to find out what he’s up to than just running and hiding from him forever. Let’s follow him cautiously. ]—

—[ If he’s uncovered something, it might be worth looking into. What harm could it be, anyway? ]—

