Short(kind of) Stories - Page 3

*050*2020-06-20 02:29

I need ideas, any requests?

*052*2020-06-21 22:31

Story requested by @RandomWetName

@@Arron and his best friend, Josh were having a sleepover at Arrons house. They both just turned 18 and we're celebrating at Arrons house. Since Arrons parents trusted him they let them celebrates in the back shed. The shed was nice, it was like a small house. It had everything you would need; A/C, a bed, a couch, a tv, a bathroom, a mini kitchen complete with a fridge, microwave, and oven. It was a perfect place for a party and this is why Arron and Josh were able to sneak in some beers. The night was going great and by midnight both boys were drunk. Since it was getting hot to them they decided to fake off their shirts. They both stood there with no shirts and jeans, you could see Arron’s white CK boxers and Josh’s Navy CK boxer briefs tops from the boys jeans. But for so unknown reason both boys left there white socks on when the took off their shoes. After a few more drinks the boys jumped on the bed. At one point they bumped into each other which resulted in a wrestling match between the two. But that turned into a tickling fight when Josh found out Arron was very ticklish. This happens until Josh tickled Arron on the sides. Arron cried out in laugher. ”S... ST... STOP DU... DUDE IM A... ABOUT T... TO P... PI... PISS MYSELF!” But Josh didn't stop. Josh finally made a mistake and missed Arrons sides. Arron took this as his chance and jumped up but it was to late. Pee soakes his jeans and white CK boxers. The pee ran down his legs also soaking his white socks turning them yellow and making a huge puddle at his feet. Josh just laughed at he watched his best friend(maybe more, Joshs didn't know yet) pee his pants in front of him. That's when Josh realised his jeans and navy boxer briefs we're also wet.

*054*2020-07-01 20:35

A short story that serves as a prequel to the Jadian storyline.

@@Aiden was on a trip with the basketball team along with Jadian their junior year of high school. They are going for a tournament and are leaving from school Friday afternoon with their first game Saturday morning. Aiden wore some distressed skinny jeans that he changed in to after school, since dress code didn’t allow them to wear clothes with any distressing, a white T-shirt and some white CK briefs. Because Aiden changed right away after school, he was running behind, so he didn’t have a chance to use the bathroom, which was fine because he didn’t really need to go. He filled his water bottle one last time before they hit the road and ran to the gym. He saw Jadian and sat down on the bleacher next to him. Jadian was wearing a pair of black joggers, white CK trunks, and a T-shirt and had a hoodie in his lap in case he got cold on the bus. They made a little bit of small talk and the coaches came and started to get everyone up and ready to get on the bus. Aiden took a sip of his water and walked behind Jadian to the bus. They dropped off their luggage and got on and sat next to eachother and kept chatting. The bus started up and the air began to blow, cooling off the inside of the bus pretty quickly. About 15 minutes later the doors shut, the coaches got a headcount, everyone was accounted for and off they went.

@@Aiden hadn’t been paying much attention to the fact that he was sipping on his water somewhat often, and before they were even 30 minutes on the road, his bottle was empty. The bus ride was supposed to be about 2 hours but around the time he finished his water, the bus slowed down. He looked down the aisle and out the front window to see heavy traffic. He is now starting to regret not trying to pee and drinking all of the water, because he started to feel the first urge to pee. He shifted in his seat. He and Jadian started to have small talk. Aiden sort of changed the subject abruptly. “Jadian, I haven’t told anyone yet, but my Dad got orders for the military... we are moving at the end of the school year.” Aiden started to get a tear in his eye as he began to turn red. He was sad that this would be his second move in high school, he just started to make good friendships again, and hoped that things wouldn’t change but knew from previous moves, most of his friends wouldn’t really stay in touch. He just hoped Jadian would be different, he thought to himself and a tear in his eye rolled down his cheek. “Please don’t tell anyone.” Jadian looked back at one of his best friends, grabbed his hand, and held it for a minute, nodded and felt a tear of his own well up in his eye. “Ok. I promise.”

@@The mood was pretty much messed up by the bus moving again, hitting a big pothole and rocking the bus. This jolted everything, including Aidens bladder. They broke their hand holding grip and Aiden used his hand to now grab his crotch to adjust himself. Aiden typed a text to Jadian because he didn’t want anyone to hear, “I just peed a little ”. Jadian saw the text and looked down at his friends crotch. Aiden pulled his hand away for Jadian to see that there was a quarter sized wet spot just to the right of the zipper. The bus traveled again for another 20 minutes without any issues. Aiden kept his hand on his crotch at this point. He turned and looked to Jadian with a worried look and mouthed “I don’t think I’m gonna make it.” He felt another leak. Less than a minute later a third leak. Jadian stood up and told him to scoot over. Jadian switched seats for the aisle and tried to help cover up Aidens growing wet spot. Aiden began to cry as he felt a very slow stream start to leak out. Jadian pulled his friends hand away from his crotch and held it as he watched the jeans become shiny around the crotch as they filled with warm pee. “Just relax. We all have accidents from time to time. Even me.” Pee spread around his crotch, ran down between his legs, under his butt, down the front of the pleather seat and on to the black carpeted floor beneath them.

Jadian handed Aiden his hoodie to cover his lap. “It’ll be ok buddy.” He consoled his friend. “It’ll be ok.”

*057*2020-07-16 21:48

Story requested by @Shadowdevil

@@Jack was just turned 19 and was at a theme park with his family for his birthday and he was having a blast. Unfortunately, it was a very hot day which meant Jack downed a lot of water. After lunch, which Jake had a large Dr. Pepper with, Jack and his family decided to walk around a bit to let their lunch settle before anymore rides. After about 20 minutes Jack felt a a tingle in his bladder telling him he needs to pee but Jack ignored it as he was nowhere near desperate. After another five minutes Jack’s family decided to do a roller coaster. The wait was two hours but they didn't care as it was inside but Jack wasn't so sure but agreed anyway. The wait was fine at first but Jacks bladder just got fuller and fuller. Jack had to stand with his legs crossed and act as normal as he could he didn't want to alert his family to his need. At one point he had to grab himself as a huge wave of desperation hit him. Luckily for him his family didn't see it he was sure others did. At this point he wasn't sure he could make it so he almost got out of line but as he looked up he saw the ride cars so he stayed. Ten minutes later jacl had made it, it was torture be he made it. The ride shoot out and followed it's part. At one point whole upside down Jack lost it but after five minutes he regained control but he was sure his jeans showed it obviously. During a break on the rife Jack lock down at his light blue jeans and sure enough saw a baseball size wet spot in between his legs. Jack mange the rest of the ride without any more leaks. After the ride he got out of the ride car and casual looked down at his jeans and was relieved the wet spot was not noticeable. His family walk out of the ride and stopped to look at the on ride picture but Jack said he would be right back and walked as fast as he could without running to the bathrooms. His need seemed to get ten times worse after he left his family and with every step he took he could feel hot pee escape his bladder. He saw the bathrooms and walked fast towards them still feeling his hot pee. He opened the door to the bathroom as he felt the hot pee start running down his legs. Jack made a beeline towards a shall and slammed the door shut behind him just as his bladder gave in. Jack panicked as he walked fast to the toilet and ripped his jeans down. Unfortunately, his black CK boxer briefs didn't come down at all and he stood there in horror as hot pee soaked them, his light blue jeans, and the floor.

*059*2020-07-21 01:34

@@Evan was at the bar with friends at they were all drinking and having fun talking and goofing around. Evan had always been a lightweight when it came to drinking but tonight he didn’t care as it was a Friday and he had no work till Monday so he just wanted to have fun with his friends. They all downed their glasses and ordered more and downed that one as well. Evan had 4 drink in total and before he knew it it was past midnight. So he and his friends finished another drink making 5 drinks for Evan and called an Uber. Evan was too drunk to remember to go to the bathroom as all his friends went earlier so didn’t have to go now and plus there all were also drunk that’s why they ordered to Uber. Once the Uber had arrived Evan crawled into the back seat with one friend while the other sat up front for space. While there was a lot of leg room since they got an UberXL the back seat had two seats. Evan tried to sleep but his body wouldn’t let him and that when he noticed bright red lights. The Uber driver say “looks like a car wreck just happened as I didn’t see it on my GPS. Sorry, looks like we will be here a while”. Evan kinda heard the driver but didn’t fully understand. His legs crossed naturally knee over knee without him knowing as his need to pee got worse and worse. Eventually Evan realized his need and started to panic as he barely could hold it. He uncrossed his legs and grabbed himself through his tight dark blue jeans and white American Eagle trunks. He cursed at himself for not peeing at the bar as he felt a leak of hot piss wet his trunks. A few minutes later and his bladder fully gave in with a loud “hiss” as pee soaked his white AE trunks and tight dark blue jeans as well as his hand. The Uber driver turned around in shock as both of Evans friends laughed. Evan started to cry as hot pee soaked his tight dark blue jeans and since the seats were leather it caused Evan to sit in his own pee. Once the seat had enough pee it dropped off the seat pooling at Evans feet.

*060*2020-07-21 23:30

@@Ryan went out of town with a few friends, the three guys shared one room and the three girls shared another. Seeing as how they all graduated in May, the idea was one last get together before going off to college. The days were always busy for the week they were away, the nights after dinner was pool time. The 6 of them would come back to their rooms and changed from the clothes they were in to their bathing suits and would go down to the pool. Because of Covid, only a certain number of people were allowed in the water and pool room at a time- this evening was a bit of a challenge, there was already a group in the pool. They hung out by some chairs sitting around a table. Ryan felt a familiar twinge in his bladder, telling him he should probably pee, so for a few minutes Ryan sat with his legs crossed knee over knee and got up with the group as the people that were in the pool got out and left. As Ryan stood up with his legs still crossed, so he went straight from sitting with crossed legs to standing with crossed legs, he almost lost his balance but luckily for him no one saw. They all got in and swam for about 45 minutes when another group came in to go swimming. So they swam a few more minutes and Ryan started to really feel the urge to pee. As they all got out of the water Ryan had to fake a smile as he felt a little warm squirt in his light blue trunks. He toweled off and put on his shirt before wrapping the towel around his waist. Someone brought up a topic of conversation, so they sort of stood around. Ryan stood with his legs crossed tightly as he really had to pee but ignored his need as he talked with his friends. The other group was getting kind of noisy. Ryan realized he couldn’t hold it anymore as he felt a wave of pee gush through and start to come out. The group was all standing in a circle and talking and between them and the other group in the pool, the hiss wasn’t super noticeable. But one of the guys that was next to him went to towel off his legs. That’s when he could see the puddle forming under Ryan and pee running down Ryan’s smooth pale legs. He started laughing. “Dude are you seriously peeing your trunks right now?” Everyone looked down to see the puddle forming under him and started laughing. Not necessarily at him, but with him. Ryan turned beet red and started walking quickly to the elevator. He waited for what felt like forever as he stood there and kept peeing his light blue trunks, soaking the red carpet below him.

*061*2020-07-23 02:25

Story requested by @RandomWetName

@@Peyton was playing his favorite online game, Call of Duty, with a group of his friends. He was sitting in a black leather gaming chair he had and had on a headset so he could talk to his friends. He had on a dark blue hoodie with black ripped jeans and light blue Hollister boxerbriefs. They play for a couple hours, talking amongst each other over their headset. After a while they decided to play an online team death match. They all joined in and Thant’s when Peyton noticed a tingle in his bladder signaling he had to pee. However, it was not bad at all so Peyton decided to ignore it since he assumed the match wouldn’t be super long. But the match did last long and Peyton’s need to pee got worse. “Hey guys I need to pee I’ll be right back” Peyton said over his headset but before he could take it off he heard his friends say “don’t go, it’s important you stay as if you go your letting the team down”. Peyton roller his eyes and said “fine but if I pee myself it’s you guys fault”. He laughed as he squirmed a little in his leather gaming chair. Peyton played for five more minutes and his need doubled, he played with one hand while the other held his crotch through his jeans. “Hey guys I really need to pee, you sure I can’t go to the bathroom?” He said almost in a begging tone. “We are sure, if you go the whole team will suffer”. Peyton let out a sigh “you guys want me to pee my pants, don’t you” he said as he crossed his legs knee over knee. His friends just laughed and Peyton joined in on laughing but after another minute he got him by a huge wave of desperation. “Guys I really need to pee!” Peyton said loudly over his headset “hold it” his friends responded at the same time “what if I can’t?!” he responded but nobody cared and ignored it. That’s when Peyton felt a leak “GUYS I’m leaking!!! I have to pee so bad!”

“If it’s that bad just pee your pants” his friend responded “I’m going to!” Peyton replied back and crossed his legs knee over knee tighter. His friends just laughed at this and Peyton laughed with them but in the back of his mind he was not sure he could make it. “Guys my legs are crossed as tight as possible I’m about to pee!” His friends didn’t even have time to respond before Peyton’s bladder gave in. Peyton had lost the battle, he sat there with his legs still crossed as pee flooded out of his body with a loud hiss. Pee soaked his light blue Hollister boxerbriefs and black ripped jeans. Pee pooled under his butt on his black leather gaming chair and when the chair couldn’t hold anymore pee it dripped to the gray carpet below him with a dripping noise. All his friends could hear was a loud hiss from Peyton’s headset. “Peyton are you peeing your pants?” All his friends said holding back laughter. Peyton responded “yes, you guys made me”. Peyton obviously didn’t care and his friends could tell. “If you did send us pics of your wet pants or it didn’t happen”. Peyton laughed as he took out his IPhone to take pictures to send his friends. He took a pic of him sitting, one of him standing, on of his chair, and one of the carpet. As he stood up he felt pee run down his legs and looked down as he saw pee run down his legs through the rips in his black jeans. When done taking the pictures he sent all 4 to his friends. When they saw the pictures they all bust out laughing “Man Peyton you really did soak those pants, the chair, and carpet”. Peyton just laughed and said “yeah I did and I don’t care as I told u I would” his friends just laughed as Peyton sat back in his pee soaked gaming chair and in his pee soaked jeans and focused back on the game.

*064*2020-07-24 18:20

{{2 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Wow, that story turned out great! Great job! Really enjoyed that one.

}}

Thank you so much!! I enjoyed writing it

*065*2020-07-31 01:51

@@Logan was surprised with a knock on his door. He was awake but lounging in bed, rocking a T-shirt, white CK briefs, and his red and white plaid pajamas. One of his friends had come over and wanted to hang out. He totally forgot that he had been playing video games last night and had peed his underwear some before going to the bathroom. His friend came in his room and they chatted for a bit before eventually deciding to go to the park. Logan got up and went to his closet and grabbed a pair of dark blue jeans off the top shelf. He was never afraid of changing in front of friends. So he dropped his pjs and tossed them on the bed. His friend saw the dried pee stain. His friend said “I think you might have peed a little.” And laughed as he looked at Logan’s underwear. Logan looked down and blushed. He slid his underwear down and threw them into his laundry pile and grabbed a pair of orange CK briefs. “Don’t act like you’ve never done that.” He laughed, so did his friend. Logan slid on his briefs and then jeans and they left to go to the park. Once Logan was dresses he and his friend made their way downstairs. On the way down they passed the bathroom and Logan thought about going but he decided not to as he had to pee but he wasn’t desperate yet. Once downstairs and at the door Logan yelled “I’m going to the park with Tyler, be back soon!” He didn’t even wait for and answer back before he and Tyler were outside shutting the door. They walked to the park talking to each other, Logan would grab himself every so often but Tyler didn’t notice or didn’t say anything if he did. Logan felt leaks wet his briefs but his dark blue jeans didn’t show anything. As they walked into the park Logan felt a big leak escape and had to stop, cross his legs, and grab himself. Luckily no one noticed not even Tyler and he also mange to stop the leak. He removed his hand to see a quarter size wet spot on his jeans but he shrugged as “accidents happen”. Tyler turned around when he noticed Logan had stopped and saw the pee spot on Logan’s shorts but didn’t say anything. “Hey, you okay” Logan looked up and said “I’m fine”. Tyler just shrugged “I need to go to the bathroom”. Logan nodded as he followed as his need was worse. He kept having to grab himself as they walked. He felt a few more leaks escape but nothing bad. They got to the bathroom and noticed an “Out of Order” sign on it and pointed to a port-a potty around the corner. They got there but as there was only one Logan let Tyler go first. Logan sat on a near by bench as Tyler went in. Logan sat down and crossed his legs as tightly as possible as he felt another leak. His orange CK briefs were now very wet and the quart size wet spot was now the size of a baseball. Logan put his hands on his top knee as he leaned back and closed his eyes. After a while he heard Tyler come out and he stood up. He slowly made his way to Tyler and once there he said “I need to pee I’ll be right out” and went in but as he shut the door his bladder gave in. He lost the battle as pee flooded out of him. Soaking his orange CK briefs, dark blue jeans, and running down his legs forming a huge pee puddle at his feet while pee soaked his white socks and got in to his gray shoes. He closed his eyes and sighed in relief as he didn’t care as pee flooded out of him, after all “accidents happen”.

*066*2020-07-31 14:52

Requested by @RandomWetName

@@Tyler was waiting in line to get snakes at the snack stand, at the cinema. When it was finally his turn to order he decided on a large popcorn, M&Ms, and a extra large coke. The cinema must have been low on staff since it took forever for Tyler to receive his food, he even went to the bathroom to make sure his small bladder was empty for the movie, as he was determined not to miss a second of the movie, and his food was still not ready when he walked back up to the counter. Finally after five more minutes Tyler got his food with an apology it took so long which he just gave a smile and a quit “it’s okay” in response. Tyler was a quit kid and shy around people he didn’t know which was a lot as he was quite so not good at making friends, but Tyler was okay with this as he love spending time alone, epically at the cinema, like he was now. Tyler arrived to he theater just as the movie started, thanks to the slow service before, and took his seat. Tyler finished his popcorn and started on his M&Ms when his bladder alerted him once again but he ignored it and continued on his M&Ms. Tyler finishes them and took a sip of his coke which became empty, this Alarmed Tyler as he didn’t realize he had drunk so much. His bladder sent him another message to be empty but Tyler ignored it as he didn’t want to apart anyone of his need. Tyler felt a leak wet his Black Levi’s boxerbriefs and started to panic a little. He decided since he was wearing black shorts and it was dark in the theater he could cross his legs without anyone knowing. So that’s what he did and it seemed to worked but Tyler still kept still and didn’t swig his foot. Tyler did however put both his hands on his top knee to keep them from unknowingly grabbing himself. But a couple minutes later someone sneezed which startled Tyler and made him jump and uncross his legs. Tyler didn’t even realize at first that his shorts were becoming warm and wet. All a sudden panic filled his eyes as he heard a faint hiss and felt his shorts become warm and wet. The guy sitting next to Tyler turned to him and said “looks like your having an accident” with a laugh. Tyler couldn’t believe it at 18 years old he was peeing his pants. Tyler stood up crying and ran out of the theater still peeing. He left a pre puddle in his seat as he ran out also leaving a trail of pee behind him. Tyler kept peeing even when he made it out to the lobby. A few employees where there and saw Tyler but he didn’t care as he just stood there crying and peeing. Pee soaked his black Levi’s boxerbriefs, black shorts, and ran down his legs soaking his sock and getting in his black shoes while also foaming a puddle at his feet as well as soaking the dark red carpet below. Employees watched as pee glistered against a teen boys pale legs as he peed his shorts and cried in the lobby.

*067*2020-08-02 20:07

@@Lukas had been stuck in the car for about 4 hours on a drive home from vacation. He and his parents had gone away to the beach for a week and were on the return trip. He sat in the back seat with his legs squished and crossed in very tight, with his very strong need to pee. He saw a sign saying Rest Stop Ahead 2 miles and told his dad he needed to use the bathroom, and his dad got in the lane for them to take the exit. His dad learned to listen after more than one puddle was left in the back seat, so when Lukas said he needed to go, he would try to stop. Lukas changed positions and spread his legs for a minute and then crossed them the other way when he felt a small drop escape. The car pulled off and once his Dad parked, Lukas jumped out and almost ran to the bathroom, leaking a little more along the way. There were no urinals or stalls available and no one waiting in line. He stood there in his red shirt, white shorts and white AE briefs with his legs crossed, and his hands in front of his crotch. He felt another small squirt escape and went ahead and unzipped his shorts. A urinal finally opened up and he ran to it and pulled his dick out and peed for what felt like an eternity, but was about a minute. He unbuttoned his pants to assess how bad the damage was. His underwear were moderately wet, but overall not terrible. His Dad came in and went to the urinal beside him and asked if he was ok. Lukas nodded and put his junk away and zipped and buttoned up and walked back to the car. They stopped for gas at the next exit and made the remaining 2 hour trip home. Lukas’s bladder was left pretty weak from earlier. They were about 10 minutes from home and he was crossing his legs again. His finally dry underwear began to get damp as he leaked. “Dad, can you try to hurry up a little?” He asked. He leaked a couple more times between there and home. They parked in the driveway and Lukas got out of the car and felt it all come rushing out, soaking his underwear, shorts, socks and shoes.

*070*2020-08-05 18:27

@@Jadian has his normal routine planned out for his work day. He went for a run, came home, drank plenty of water, took a shower, got something to eat and went in to work. Jadian likes keeping his body and skin looking good, so he does a lot to try and maintain his looks. His work schedule today wasn’t anything out of the ordinary. He was going to work a seven hour shift in the middle of the day with a 30 minute lunch. On his drive in to work, he drank more water since he knows that it’s hard to take a quick break at the store to get a drink. By the time he arrived it was 10:28am. He went ahead and went to the bathroom to pee quickly and clock in on time. While getting his apron on, he took one last big gulp of water and headed out to work. He was supposed to go on a 30 minute lunch at 2, but since things were still really busy a manager asked to push it back to 2:30. After a while Jadian’s bladder was giving off the warnings of needing to pee, not super urgent, more like he could definitely go. He started to fidget. He kept helping customers but would shift back and forth from his left to right foot and back and forth a fair amount. A few more minutes passed by and he would start to press his legs together. It was 2:15 and he started to cross his legs briefly, then uncross and shift his weight again. At 2:25 Jadian felt a drop escape. He crossed his legs and leaned forward a bit to try and relieve some of the tension on his bladder. Jadian was really struggling to hold his bladder now. At 2:28 a manager came by and relieved him. Jadian was thrilled to finally go on break, so thrilled that he felt a warm squirt of pee dampen his underwear and crotch. He swiftly made his way to the bathroom. As he was unzipping his pants he felt another squirt escape. His fingers were getting wet with pee. Jadian was struggling so much that he pulled his underwear covered crotch out and began peeing through the fabric, thankfully not wetting his pants, but soaking his blue CK briefs.

*072*2020-08-07 18:01

{{2 hours ago, RandomWetName said:

Interesting story. Poor Jadian would have to finish his shift in his wet undies

}}

Yep! I guess Jadian just can’t hold his bladder.

*074*2020-08-09 02:59

Requested by @RandomWetName

@@Nathan was in his second to last class of the day and he was bored and tired. He was wearing baggy light blue jean, Hanes boxerbriefs, and a t shirt. Nathan had to pee but was not desperate yet so he put it to the back of his mind not wanting to ask the teacher and ended up falling asleep. Nathan ended up sleeping through the entire class, in fact since the teacher didn’t wake him, he even slept a few minutes past when the bell rang which cause him to have to hurry to his next class. Even with hurrying Nathan was still a couple minutes late to his next class. As Nathan entered his next class he got a disapproving look from his teacher and was told to take a seat. Walking to his seat Nathan could feel the entire classes eyes on him including the teachers, and to make matters worse he remembered his need to pee and it got worse. Nathan has half a mind to ask the teacher to use the bathroom but since he was late he knew the answer would be “No”, so he didn’t bother to ask and just crossed his legs, having no choice but to hold it. Nathan kept crossing and uncrossing his legs with little squirming though out class. When the bell rang to finally dismiss class, Nathan got up to follow the others but the teacher called him so he turned around and walked to her. “Why were you late?” Nathan debated on making up an excuse but deco to tell the truth instead. “I fell asleep in my last class and the teacher didn’t wake me”. The teacher took this in and said “I’ll let you off this time, but don’t let it happen again”. “I won’t” Nathan said as he turned around and made his way out. Nathan was making his way to the bathroom when he ran into a group of friends. They stopped and talked and after a while walked home together, while Nathan completely forgot about the bathroom. It didn’t take long for Nathan to remember his need to pee but it was to late as they were already outside walking home so Nathan had to hold it again. At first it was manageable but after a while it wasn’t and Nathan had to keep grabbing his crotch to hold it. One of his friends finally noticed it after Nathan grabbed himself a few times, “dude, do you have to pee?!”. Nathan’s face turned red as he said “yes and badly. I had to since two classes ago but forgot to go before”. Nathan’s friends laughed as the continued on and Nathan had to keep grabbing himself. When almost to Nathan’s stop he felt a leak wet his undies and stopped dead in his tracks crossing his legs and grabbing himself, “Shit, I just leaked!”. This sent his friends laughing again and one finally said “run home so you don’t pee your pants, we’re close enough to your house”. So that’s what he did but as he ran home he felt more and more leaks. “I can’t wet myself this close to home” he thought as he ran up his drive way and then to his front door. Nathan pounded on the door but no answer so he pounded again and no answer again, “Shit, no one must be home” Nathan thought as he dug in his pocket, crossing his legs as he leaked again. Nathan finally found his key and went to unlock his door with shakey hand but ended up dropping the keys. “S...SH...SH I can...can’t h...hold I...it” and Nathan felt his bladder give in. Pee flooded out of him and soaked his white Hanes boxerbriefs and baggy light blue jeans, running down his legs and foaming a puddle at his feet on the front porch of his house.

