Camping with the class

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-02-27 01:10

'Right, year 11!' Shouts headmaster Micheals. 'This is our first night of the week, I expect you all to sleep well, we've got a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow, so I don't want you all staying up all night!'

Just like most of the year 11's, I haven't really been paying attention to most of what the Headmaster was saying. I always thought that the teachers were excused from assemblies like this until I actually got the job. But no, assemblies are for everyone, and they're still just as boring. But now headmaster was beginning to wrap everything up, and it was time to bring all the classes back to the tents.

The school has rented out a camping ground for the week as a last school trip for the year 11's, now that GCSEs had finished. Most of the students haven't got anything to do until they start college or sixth form after the summer holidays, so the Headmaster thought it would be a nice send-off for the students - and it kind of is. The July weather is nice and warm, the evenings are late, and it's nice to be out with friends - even us teachers have friends, something I never really grasped until I passed the courses last year.

As the form tutors take their classes from their seats and back to their tents, the rest of us teachers plan on what we'll be doing tonight. Our campground, though next to the students, was still a separate camp ground, so we'd probably have a campfire, a few drinks, that sort of stuff. We'd all been given short shifts to patrol the camp-site of course, to make sure the students were actually sleeping, but I'd got lucky and been assigned an early shift. Me and Sarah Crossgrove - a friend I'd met in university - were the first to do our patrol.

'You ready for this Catherine?' Sarah asked me. 'Ooh, I'm getting excited! I've never done this sort of thing before!'

Sarah and I were about the same height, a little over five foot tall. We both had similar builds - slim but healthy (Sarah has larger breasts than I, and I can't help but feel a little jealous), and the two of us have similar length hair - falling around the shoulders. My hair was a hay-bale blonde, tied back in a pony tail, whereas Sarah's hair was free-flowing, wavy and ginger, showing off her Scottish ancestry. Sarah's eyes were a forest green, while mine were sky-blue. Both of us had freckle-spotted faces, though mine much less so that Sarah's. The two of us had been the best of friends since we'd met in university - we lived next to each other in the halls, we were in all the same classes, and now we worked at the same school. We've been confused for sisters a couple times. Having joined the school at the same time we were often put together as well when doing stuff like this, and this was no exception.

When all the classes had left, there were only us teachers left - Thirty overall, not counting the six form-tutors or Headmaster. Thirty seven if you did.

'Right' started Mr Biggins, one of the senior staff, addressing the rest of us. 'You know the drill, two of you patrolling the student campsite for an hour, when you come back send off the next two, you might have to wake them up though. Remember, four students to every tent, no boys in girl's tents, no girls in boy's tents, yadda yadda. If anything goes wrong you have mine and Headmaster Micheal's phone numbers' We all nod. 'Miss Crossgrove and Miss Rose are on first (he nods toward us as he says this), and of course myself and Mrs Johnson are next.'

With that the teachers, not including myself and Sarah, all head to the teacher's campground. Sarah gives me a look of excitement

'I used to love camping with the school!' she tells me. 'We'd all stay up all night telling scary stories! First one to fall asleep always had their hands put into warm water as well, that was funny!'

'I heard that doesn't actually work' I tell her

'Sometimes it did....It worked on me' She giggles as she tells me 'Does it work on you?' she asks me

'I don't know' I tell her. 'No one's ever tried it'. Sarah gets a mischievous look in her eyes. 'Don't you even joke about it!' I laugh. We both stand up and head over to the student camp ground. The school had rented 45 tents, but we only needed 30 - half the students didn't want to come or couldn't come. Still, it makes our jobs easier. Me and Sarah both decide to circle the field in opposite directions. She heads clockwise, I head counter clockwise. It's about 7pm, and fairly bright out, though the sun is beginning to set, making the sky a beautiful red. The grass is nice and dry - I hardly need to be wearing my wellington boots. They look silly. Picture this - Grey pinafore dress, white shirt, grey pantyhose....and green wellies. Still, headmaster insists we wear these boots while walking around.

'Liking the boots Miss Rose!'

Told you I looked silly.

The voice belongs to Jamie, one of the boys in my history class

'Nice aren't they!' I joke back. 'They really match the dress don't they'

'Why not take them both off in our tent' - he points finger guns at me, so I know he's joking

'Now now Jamie, you can't say that sort of thing to a teacher' I tell him, though I can't help but feel a little flattered. 'It's what we call harassment in the workplace'

'Alright, fair enough' he says, feigning disappointment. We'll have to make do with Micky here!' he jokes, prodding Micky

'Hey!' Micky shouts

I chuckle to myself as I continue walking around, looking around for anything that shouldn't be going on. Sarah is taking some girls out of a boys tent on the other side of the field - the usual suspects. There's always a few. Glad it's Sarah putting up with them and not me. I take a quick glance at my watch - 7:07. 53 minutes left.

53 minutes and I already need to pee....typical.

Ten minutes of walking up and down and nothing has happened of any interest. Most of the students are just sat around talking in their tents, getting around the no boys and girls in the same tent rule by sitting outside. Us teachers don't need to send them in to their tents until 9pm - me and Sarah are really just here to make sure no fights start. Still, by now I really do need a wee - Last time I'd been was when we'd got off the coach, quite a while ago. I'd drank around three bottles of water since then

By 7:30 nothing much has changed. There are groups of students sat around talking, Sarah's confiscated at least 3 hip flasks, two of whiskey and one of vodka. I'm sure there's more of them but most of the kids are hiding them pretty well. I lean against the stone wall that circles the camp site and look around. The sky is a deep red as the sun sets - it would be perfect for a romantic evening. Instead though, I'm walking around a field looking like a wally. At least a few of the students are making the most of it - across the field are a couple of students kissing where they don't think we can see them. I'd best stop them before they get carried away

As I'm heading over to the kissing students I hear a quick rustling in the hedge, followed by something solid hitting the floor. Stopping, I squat down and take a look

Nothing. I pat around under the hedge to see if there's anything there. Nope. Standing back up, I look over to the kissing couple - they're headed back to their tents now. I watch to make sure they go to separate tents before carrying on my patrol and trying to ignore my bladder.

7:45 now, and the red sky has turned a darker purple as the sun sets more. By now my bladder is starting to distract me from my patrol. M-maybe I could find a little secluded spot... I really shouldn't, but I'm about to burst! I begin walking over to a small group of trees at the far end of the field. All the tents are on one side - the left side - and this cluster of trees is on the other. I'm sure that if anyone asks what I'm doing there I can pass it off as making sure there's no one there...

It takes me ten minutes to reach the tree, and it's dark now. I flick on the flash light and cast it about the tree cluster. The trees are in a square shape, with hedges making 3 sides, and the fourth side is the way in. There are 3 benches, one against each hedge, and on one side there's a Jamie, pissing into a bush

'Jamie!'

'YEE!' He yelps, flicking piss around. I can't help but laugh at this, which Jamie doesn't appreciate too much

'Come on Miss!' he says. 'You nearly gave me a heart attack!' he says as he finishes. I chuckle again. 'What are you doing up here anyway?' he asks

'Looking for boys like you' I say. He takes this the wrong way and casts me a look of what he must assume is something sexy.

'Looks like you've found me, what now?'

I decide to play on this. 'And now....' I say, slowly stepping toward him. 'Now...(I can see his trousers begin to bulge)...now Jamie.....I have to.....(I can see his eyes lit up)....I have to tell you to go back to your tent.'

His face switches to disappointment immediately

'Oh come on Miss, you got me all excited!' he says, pointing down. He's completely erect and very disappointed.

'Come on Jamie, this kind of thing doesn't actually ever happen, it's just romantic fantasies' I tell him. 'And anyway, it's the kind of thing that could get you expelled it you say it to the wrong teacher'

He sighs and looks at me. I try to hide how much I have to pee. Not too well though, as Jamie points out

'You gotta pee too?' He asks

'I, uh, no!'. He raises an eyebrow. 'Okay, maybe...But I wouldn't pee here, I'd use the toilet.'

I am a shameless liar.

'Tell you what' he says. 'You pee here, I'll keep watch'

Being as desperate as I am, I can't help but consider it, which Jamie notices - I can tell because his eyes light up again. 'No Jamie' I say to him. 'I'm not going to risk arrest just to pee in a bush'

'Up to you if you want to wet yourself' he says. 'Better escort me back then'

'I - uh, yeah'. Damn. I was going to pee when he left. He knows what he's just done

When we get back to Jamie's tent it's 8:05, and Mr Biggins and Mrs Johnson are on scene. Sarah's already left. Letting Mr Biggins know I'm heading back to teacher's camp, I begin my journey.

The teachers camp is much smaller than the student, but our tents are bigger. Though we have enough for 2 people in a tent rather than four, and of course me and Sarah are sharing. I walk into our tent, trying not to hobble, and kick of my boots. Sarah's lying on her camping mattress, reading a book in the light of a small electric lamp.

'Heya Cathy' She says to me, cheerily. 'What took you so long?'

'Caught Jamie peeing in a bush, had to bring him back'

'Say, did you see anyone wandering about outside the field?' she asks me, reminding me of the noise I heard earlier.

'I heard something move in a bush' I tell her. 'Not sure what it was'

'Mr Blenkinsop told me someone's wandering around and I'm a little spooked!' She says

'Oh don't listen to him' I tell her - Blenkinsop's always telling these crazy stories.

'But what you heard in the bush-' she says. She leans in to whisper to me. 'Some one's about...'

I put on some trainers - still doesn't match my dress, but it'll do. 'Hey, Sarah, do you need the loo?' I ask her

'No, why?'

'You've got me spooked now' I tell her, 'and I don't want to go alone...'

'Oh you little girl!' she laughs. 'Come on, the others have a campfire going and some drinks, we'll sit with them for a bit then we can go to the loo'

I agree to this, and we get up and go.

Me and Sarah sit on the bench around the fire. I squeeze my thighs together to hold my bladder shut. Mr Geoffrey's hands us both a beer from a cooler. 'Not for teachers who haven't done their patrol yet' he tells Miss Smith, who's sat next to him. She chuckles. I ignore my bladder's protests and begin drinking, as does Sarah. We sit and talk for a good long while. There's enough firewood to keep the fire going until 10, and Miss Smith's bought some marshmallows. We all take it in turns impaling a marshmallow on a twig - probably not too clean but whatever - before roasting them over the fire. Sarah brings hers back perfectly toasted. Mine falls off into the fire. Miss Smith hands out some more

By 10 the fire's died down, and my bladder is no longer something I can ignore. But then Sarah brings up telling horror stories, and Mr Blenkinsop is first. He tells us all the story of the bloke wandering about the fields....Being an English teacher, he's great at telling the story of a man wandering around. As silly as it is, the idea sticks in my head. By 10:30 however stories are over and most of us have gone to bed. Me and Sarah get up and head over to our tent

'Still need the toilet?' Sarah asks me

'Yeah' I tell her, 'do you?'

'Yeah!' she says, grabbing her crotch and bobbing up and down. But I don't want to walk over to the toilet now! It's so dark...and what if there is some guy walking around....'

'Don't you do this Sarah!' I say to her. 'I'm not going without you, so don't make me stay in the tent!'

She gives me a sorry looking smirk, then slides in the tent. Bugger. I look over to the path to the toilet. It's a good five minute walk through some woods. No light, no fence, and no-one to go with. I really have to pee! But I'm not going alone.

I get into the tent. Sarah has taken of her skirt and is undoing her blouse. This is the first time I've seen her undress - I never knew her freckles went down to her breasts. Mine don't. She looks at me. 'Sorry' she says. 'Too scary, too dark'. As frustrated as I am, I can't help but agree. I pull of my trainers. Bringing my legs up to my chest puts a lot of pressure on my already aching bladder, but I try to ignore it. If I deny the problem, it will go away, right? Shoes off, I pull down my tights. I catch Sarah taking a glance as I pull one leg over and off of my foot.

'Like what you see?' I smirk. She blushes

'First time I've really seen you undress...' she continues blushing. 'Kinda weird seeing how long we've been around each other'

'I was just thinking that' I say, tights off and now undoing my dress. Pulling it over my head, I notice she looks a little funny. 'You alright?' I ask her

'I was thinking' She says. 'Are you going to keep your underwear on under your pyjamas?' I look at her funny. 'I-I-I mean, if you will, I will, just want to make sure we're on the same page here'

'Nah, I'm taking mine off' I tell her. We're both sat in the tent in our underwear at this point. She still looks a little funny. 'I'll keep 'em on if you want'

'No no, it's fine' she says. I unhook my bra and let it fall of. She does the same. She blushes as she does. Some people are just a little nervous I suppose. I've known her this long that it doesn't bother me, but to each their own. I stand up, hunched over and pull my white panties down. Taking them off my feet. I sit on my heels, naked in front of her.

'No need to be embarrassed' I say to her, because she clearly is. 'Nothing you have that I don't' She smiles, a little comforted. I watch, still sat as she takes off her panties. She's got a small tuft of well kept red hair hidden under her panties, very much like the hair on her head. She looks at me, and I look at her. 'Now we've seen everything, right?' I joke. She smiles and nods. 'Nothing to be nervous of anymore'. I grab my pyjama trousers and pull them up. Mine are a red tartan sort of pattern, warm but a little thread bare with age - I've had these since we were at uni. She puts on her bottoms, a pair of light grey jogging bottoms. We both have similar looking white tee-shirts to complete our pyjamas.

'Look, I really gotta pee' I say to her, standing up

'Your funeral' she says, climbing into her sleeping bag. I open the tent flap and look out. My bladder says yes but my fear says no. The cold wind also says no. The movement in the bushes screams no. I yelp and slip back in the tent. Not worth it I decide. I slip into my sleeping bag and hope I can ignore my bladder. Lying down, Sarah switches off the lamp. Everything goes quiet, save the wind outside.

I lay in the bed, wriggling. Can't sleep. Need to pee. About an hour since the lights went out. In the darkness I can make out Sarah sleeping soundly. I can't sleep though. My bladder feels like fire. I slide my thighs over themselves trying to mask the feeling. I'm surprised my wiggling hasn't woke up Sarah. I clasp at my crotch and sway side to side on my back. I pull my knees up and drop them down again. I CAN'T HOLD IT.

I sit up, still wriggling my legs. The pressure of being sat up all but forces me to pee right there, but I hold it in. My bladder feels solid. I try lift myself up, but increasing the pressure on my bladder physically hurts. I lie back down and turn onto my chest. I push myself up again - more pressure on my bladder. Oh, gee it hurts so bad. I can't get up. If I try, I will wet myself. I lie back on my back. I rub my feet together. I press my knees together. I grab my crotch as hard as I can.

Through my belly I can feel my bladder is rock hard. Pressure builds lower down, at the base of my bladder. I can every new millilitre that gets added to my bladder. I can feel it become tighter and tighter, while I rock from side to side in my bed. I wish I'd gone when I had the chance. Even if that meant Jamie watching me. Even if it meant a strange man watching me. Honestly I'd give anything to pee! Rocking from side to side starts to hurt. Moving my legs starts to hurt. Even wriggling my feet and toes is an effort. I check my watch. Midnight, dead on. Just 8 hours to go, I can make it.

NO I CAN'T. It hurts so bad!!! It feels like it's going to-

Hnnn!

My body just tensed. I didn't do that on purpose - it just happened. I hope I do-

Hnnn!

Again! Oh god, it's happening. It's happening. Keep quiet, don't wake up Sar-

Hmm!

Oh god, here it comes, here it comes, here it-

Phsshh!

Haah, haah, I peed a little! I felt it, I heard it. I can feel it on my thighs - it's running down my ass! Oh god that feels funny! It's pooling down on my back. Still it's just a little. I feel a little better. I can hold on longer now. No need to worry. That's the worst of it I'm sure. Probably won't pee again, right? I h-hope so. Come on, go to sleep now, you can make it until 8. I rock from side to side. My knees rub against each other furiously. My toes clench and stretch in sequence. I bash my feet together under the sleeping bag. That's all, right? No more of that...

Okay, maybe there'll be more. My bladder feels solid again. Already. Brace for round two!

I stretch my legs, feet and toes, all out straight. I pull on every muscle in my body. I can feel it again! My b-bladder, it's going to squee-

Hng~

I manage to keep quiet, but only just. I don't know if I can do it again - let's find out...

Hnn!

Nope, couldn't do it....oh god, here it comes, here it comes here

Hnn!

Another spurt, powerful against my legs, though this one doesn't completely end, and I can feel a trickle continue to fall out, down my cheeks and pool around the base of my spine. The warmth, the slight relief, so enticing. No time to think though!

Here we go again....Here it com-

Haaah!

Another spurt, and I stop holding back. The wave hits me and a jet of pee shoots out of me. And I don't try to stop it. The spurt quickly ends, but without me trying to hold it back a stream soon follows. I close my eyes and let it happen. The silence of the tent is replaced with a surprisingly loud trickle, as a stream of pee falls out of my lips and pools at my ass. My breaths are shallow as the heat envelops me, the sleeping bag trapping the steam which flows toward my head, filling my breaths with the warmth and odour of the contents of my bladder. My hands are trembling, and so is my breath.

I stretch my toes out again as I embrace the relief I'm feeling. I'm too enraptured to move. My arms are limp by my side, my feet fall still, and my bladder gently squeezes a stream out and onto my inner thighs. The puddle beneath me now has spread up to half way up my back and halfway to my knees. I'm sure it's seeping out of my sleeping bag at the sides. The trickle is louder with each second as my stream becomes slowly more steadfast, landing onto more pee rather than dry cloth. With the initial loss of control having now left, I let the feeling of relief sweep over me, feet first. My toes warm up, then my feet, then shins, then thighs, then heat shivers up my spine until it reaches my head and I can't hold back a grin.

'Hmmm....' I moan gently, without even meaning to. My body is doing it's own thing. My sleeping bag makes a valiant effort to hold in what it can, but I can see it seeping out in my peripheral vision as my head falls to one side, facing Sarah, and I'm still grinning inanely. Sarah seems to grin back - I wonder if she feels what I'm feeling too.... I can't hold back a slight giggle as the last of my pee begins it's decent. The trickling sound begins to diminish, but the heat I'm enveloped in does not. The puddle reaches my calves and my shoulders, I can feel it surrounding my limp hands.

Sarah sits up and looks at me, I bet she's jealous! Hell, I'd be jealous. The raw relief, the heat that surrounds my entire body. The comfortable feeling of hot liquid against my skin. My eyes are half closed - too much effort to hold them open. I'm sure Sarah doesn't even notice I'm awake. She probably thinks I wet the bed! Ha, what a thought. She probably thinks I wet the bed in my sleep. Not done that since uni! No no, this was while I was awake. I got to feel all of it. Ha, Sarah wants to feel it too! She's putting her hand in the puddle around my sleeping bag. She'd love to feel this good! She brings her damp hand to her face and smells it. It smells like relief, let me tell you. Sarah can only watch me as I finish peeing

Hold on.

Finish peeing?

Oh god.

I open my eyes fully. Sarah looks at me. I can barely make out her face in this light - or lack of it - but she appears to blush. I don't know what she has to blush about, she hasn't just wet the bed! I should be blushing. I am blushing! My face feels like fire!

's-sarah?' I say. It takes some effort to even speak, I feel drained, in both energy and bladder.

'yy-yeah?' She responds

'I wet the bed' I tell her.

'uhh, yeah, I can see.'

Embarrassed as I am, I can't help but grin. 'It felt sooo good!' I tell her. I don't know why. I mean it's true and all but...

Sarah chuckles. 'I bet it did' she whispers to me. I sit up

I can feel a small cascade of warm pee fall down my back and around my backside. It too begins to seep out my sleeping bag.

Reality slowly comes back to me, and I begin to question things. Such as why Sarah touched what she knew was my pee...

'Why did you do that?' I ask. She blushes - I can see it even in this light. Do I......is she attracted to me?....

No, she would have said something by now

'That was really hot.....' she tells me. She leans toward me. I can feel the heat from her face - she must be bright red.

'Well yeah, I just pee'd, of course it would be warm'

'That's not what I mean...'

'So what do you mea-'

I'm cut off by the hot press of her face onto mine. She kisses me suddenly, her body following her and pushing me back down onto my back. She's sat atop me, hands on my shoulders. She pulls her face back and stares at me. Her eyes show a mixture of emotions. Fear. Anxiety. Lust. Love. Excitement. Such a powerful mix. I don't have long to look though, before she presses her face back into mine. Her lips and cheeks are soft and warm, and I can feel her eyelashes flicker on my face. She holds my hands in hers, fingers interlocked with mine. I can feel them shaking. She straddles me, and the sleeping bag squishes loudly as more pee is pressed out of it. She pulls her head back again. She looks at me once more. I don't know what to do or say - and she can tell. She lets go of me and swings off so she's sat next to me, half in my puddle.

'I-i--i-i-' She stutters. She can't think of what to say. Neither can I. 'I re-really need to, uh, pee.'

Funny way of showing it.

'W-will you, uh..will you take me to the toilet?'

I nod silently. I unzip my sleeping bag, and Sarah flicks the lamp in. In the dull yellow glow I can at last see the extend of my accident. The pink lining of the sleeping bag now hosts a dark purple splotch with uneven lines, head to toe. Two protrusions in the blotch show where my calves where, the puddle going as far as my ankles along my skin. The pee has mostly seeped into the bag now though, so no puddle remains. The tent floor is cotton, and another puddle surrounds me in that. The back of my white shirt is translucent and dyed a faint yellow, all over my back. I climb to my feet, which glisten in the electric light. Sarah picks up the lamp and leads me outside.

The summer night is still warm, even though it's pitch black. My bare feet hit the dry grass which crumples under it. I relax my bladder again and let a small stream trickle out. More than I expected, the stream lasts a good 3 seconds and pools at my feet. 'Just finishing my accident' I tell Sarah, who blushes and grins. She takes two or so steps forward, then turns to me

'I can't hold it' she says. 'I'm going to wet myself' she tells me. Before I can respond she starts to wet herself. She breathes in and sighs as hot pee trickles down her legs and around her feet. Her face, a few shades redder than normal, is stone still. She watches me intently as she pees, the sound of it trickling into the grass surrounding us. She looks very deliberate as she stands there, feet apart, puddle in between them. We both stand there in the warm heat of the night in silence - the only sound being the splashing of her pee into her puddle. She wriggles her toes as she pees, splashing quietly. It takes a good twenty seconds until she stops and sighs again.

'Thanks for taking me' she says. She holds her lamp in one hand, and takes mine in the other. 'Let's go back to bed' she says. She leads me back into the tent and climbs into her sleeping bag, wet pants and all. I look at my sleeping bag. The pee has cooled by now, and is cold to touch. Sitting down in it and letting it touch my skin I can't help but wince.

'Here' Sarah whispers, gesturing to her own sleeping bag. 'There's room'

Sarah's sleeping bag is surprisingly spacious, and we both fit in, though it's a tight fit. I can feel the heat of Sarah's skin against all of mine. We're face to face, our breasts pressing against each other. Our legs intertwined. Usually this would be really uncomfortable, but by now I'm so tired I don't care. Forehead to forehead with Sarah, I drift of immediately, as Sarah hugs me tightly. We can talk about this whole thing in the morning...

*008*2017-03-02 23:53

Really pleased with the feedback, a big thanks to all of you! As well as that, I'm going to continue this story - the camping trip lasts a week, after all, and we've only been there for day 1!

*Bzzt! Bzzt!*

I wake up to the sound of my alarm going off, rather near to my head. I take a moment to adjust to the light flowing through the tent's open flap, and it's only 7am. Everything's still a little blurry as I sit up in my sleeping bag, resting my hands on the cold wet material. Something seems a little off though, what happened last night?

I went to bed, I couldn't sleep, I wet the bed, Sarah kissed me, Sarah went outside and wet herself deliberately, then we both went to bed in Sarah's sleeping bag. That's what I can remember, so I'm a little confused right now - I'm in my own sleeping bag, and Sarah is sat at the other end of the tent, putting her walking boots on.

'Morning sleepyhead' she says cheerily. 'Sleep well?' she asks.

'Yeah, real well' I tell her. 'Too well, I think, I've only gone and wet the bed overnight'

'I saw when I woke up' she says to me. 'Not to worry, could of happened to anyone' she adds, tying her boot-laces. She sits up and looks at me, smiling in a friendly manner. She's already dressed herself in some brown khaki pants and a grey tank-top for the day. I unzip my sleeping bag and assess the damage. Exactly as I remembered last night, though a little paler now it's had time to dry. The stain reaches as high as my shoulders and ankles on either end, with the imprint of my thighs sticking out from the main body of the stain.

'Err, Sarah, what happened last night?' I ask her. It's a strange question, I know, but I can't quite clearly remember. Sarah blushes slightly, but keeps a straight face.

'Oh, uhh, we sat around the camp fire, had a few drinks, decided it was too scary to go to the toilet and went to bed. I woke up about five minutes ago and you'd wet the bed' She gives me a strange look, as if she's hiding something, but that could just be the light in the tent. I decide to take her word for it

'I had the strangest dream' I tell her. 'I dreamt that we-' I decide to stop. I can only imagine how strange it would be to tell her what I thought happened. It wet the bed, we made out and she wet herself before we slept together in the one bag? Now that I thought about it, it was a little strange. I decide to make something up - 'I-I dreamt I was flying. Over the school. And then I found a toilet, i-i-in the clouds. You can guess where that got me!' I say, patting my wet crotch and smirking. 'I hope none of the students find out...' I mumble as a little extra. Sarah seems a little perplexed, as if she doesn't believe me, as if I've confused her.

'You, uh, you didn't.....' she stutters. 'Oh! O-of course! Oh those dreams where you go to the toilet and wet yourself! Those are the worst, right!' She laughs, but it seems a little forced. 'Still' she continues. 'I won't tell anyone, don't you worry'. She gives me a reaffirming wink before sliding through the tent door, leaving me alone with my wet sleeping bag and pyjamas. I don't know what I can wear tonight, I only bought one pair of pyjama bottoms. I slide them off and put them to one side.

My bare legs still glisten a little where they're slightly damp. Bringing my feet around and sitting cross legged, I take of my shirt and put it next to the bottoms. The shirt is dyed a pale yellow and is still a little see-through. I sigh heavily as I realised fully what I've done. Not that I'm embarrassed, just annoyed! If I hadn't been such a wuss I could still have dry, clean pyjamas and a bed. It's not like I even needed to walk all the way to the bathroom, I could have just squatted in a bush or something. I could even have peed outside the tent door. But I didn't, and now I need to find out where I can get clothes washed. While these thoughts are going through my head, I don't notice the sound of footsteps until they stop and someone starts unzipping the tent!

Quick! Hide the wet clothes! Hide the wet sleeping bag! Tent doors nearly open! Err, put them in the rucksack! By the time the door's open, I'm stood up, bent over double, stuffing wet things into a bag with my ass aimed toward the now open flap. Looking between my legs, I see the face of who opened to tent - It's Jamie.

'Oh, I, um, hello miss!' He says. He's really caught an eyeful this time. I spin around and land on my ass, one hand covering my breast, the other one clutching the rucksack in between my legs. I feel myself blush a bright red. Jamie is blushing too, but for another reason, I'm sure

'I, um Jamie!' I half stutter, half shout. 'Don't you know you should knock! And what are you doing here!?'

'I, oh, Miss Crossgrove told me to come here'

I look at him. He looks at me.

'Why?' I ask

'Oh, yeah, she wanted me to tell you where the cleaning block is - it's right next to the toilets'. He tells me this, and I expect him to leave. He doesn't, he stays stood, staring at me. I wonder why for a moment, before remembering that I'm naked. I drop my hand from my breasts and his eyes light up. At this point he's more or less seen all there is to see, me having mooned him only seconds ago.

'Well, what are you waiting for?' I ask him dryly. A little rude, I know, but I'm tired. He starts to come inside the tent, one hand reaching for my breasts. 'No! no Jamie' I stop him quickly. 'I meant for you to leave.'

'Oh' He says, disappointed, dropping his hand again. He slides back out the tent. I can only hope he didn't catch on to the smell...

'I told you yesterday Jamie, that kind of thing never actually happens.'. I shout through the tent walls, and I hear him chuckle. I think he takes it as a challenge.

I grab the rucksack and pull out the wet pyjamas and sleeping bag. I toss them to one side, and reach in again. I pull out the clothes on the top. Luckily for me, they're dry. I choose my outfit for the day. We'd planned our days before the trip, and today I'll be hiking, then we'll be doing some rock-climbing, then lunch, then a hike back, and finally we'll be doing some team sports in the local field. Probably football or something. I figure that I'll need something comfortable and easy to move in. I settle on green sports-shorts, a white tank top and a pair of white trainers. Under these I wear grey sports bra, grey panties, white knee-high socks with a grey band around the top. Nothing fancy, nice and comfortable.

I slide on my panties first, then put on the bra. Nice grey ensemble. Then the shirt, then shorts. As I bend over I notice the need to pee. Nothing major, but I'd rather go sooner than later. Me, Sarah, and Miss Greene will be in charge of a group of ten students, though we don't know who we'll be going with. I pull on my socks, then trainers. As I'm tying the laces I realise just how much I have to go. I know I've not got the largest bladder, but still. I'd only peed a couple hours ago. I rub my crotch with one hand to ease my bladder a little as I stand up. I can't quite stand at full height in the tent, which isn't great.

As I step forward I knock over Sarah's bag, and some wet clothes fall out. Wet, grey pants. Now, my pyjamas were red and plaid, and where I'd been lying down when I wet them, the stain was around the back, covering the ass and thighs entirely, almost as if the back half of the pants where a different shade to the front. These however had been wet while standing - the stain spread down from the crotch, mushrooming a little near the top before thinning down the thigh, then collecting at the ankles. They had been wet a little while ago, as evidenced by them not dripping when I picked them up. I bought them to my face and smelled them. A little weak, but definitely the smell of urine. So what happened?

I'll assume that Sarah wet them this morning. She had to pee last night, but her sleeping bag was dry. I guess she must have left the tent this morning to go to the toilet and wet herself on the way, but they felt too dry for that to be true. Maybe she left during the night, while I was asleep, and wet herself in the dark.

Maybe, however - just maybe - what I thought happened had really happened. I was a little drunk and very tired last night, so my memory is a little sketchy. But maybe she really had kissed me, maybe we....

No, she probably wet herself at some point in the night. Explains why she was sympathetic to see me lying in my own puddle.

Satisfied with this answer, I leave the tent. The morning sun hits me like a train, and it takes my eyes a while to adjust. I make my way over to the toilet block.

The toilet block itself is a mostly unpleasant affair, crumbling red brick on the outside, two wooden door frames painted black and labelled 'ladies and gentlemen' as the entrances to the toilets. There's a tap on the wall outside overlooking over a drain. The floor is a dirty white tiled one, with mysterious puddles here and there. Could they be water, could they be wee, who knows. Best not to step in them either way. Hopping through the puddles I reach the stalls - the first one doesn't have a lock on the door and faces straight out into the field. The second one is out of order. The third one is occupied. The fourth one is clogged. There's not a fifth stall. Shuffling foot to foot, I head outside. I wouldn't do this usually, but I'm desperate - I walk into the boys. Three urinals, two stalls. One stall hasn't got a door, the other houses a yellow lake. Looks like I can either wait for the one stall in the ladies, or...

I could use a urinal.

Never tried before, never even thought about trying seriously. My bladder likes the idea though, as it loses a drip in excitement! I shuffle over to it. I look around one last time. Am I really going to do this? Y-yes, I have to! I pull my shorts and panties down to my knees, then rise onto my tip-toes, nearly losing balance as I do. I lean toward the urinal a little, and I hold myself open with two fingers. I breathe in. I breathe out. I relax. I feel my bladder release itself, first I hear the hiss as it jets out, followed by the splatter of pee against the ceramic bowl. I'm really doing this! I sigh as the relief hits me, and I try to ignore the hot splatters of droplets against my bare thighs. I look down. So far it's going well - I haven't let any slide down my thighs, none of it is landing in my panties (which have one single black stain in the dead-centre), and my thighs aren't getting wet enough to notice. It's all going well - but then I start hearing voices

'That you in there Micky?' I hear shouted from outside. A boys voice, all to familiar - Jamie. 'You'll never guess what I saw -' His face swings around the door and he shuts up pretty quickly. I blush and brace myself for another embarrassing experience. 'Oh, I, um, hello' He says to me, walking over. He takes the urinal next to me. I stare at the ceiling. In my peripheral vision I see him eye me up and down as he starts to pee. My face is bright red, I can feel it. 'Err, wrong toilet miss' he tells me

'What? Oh, yeah' I respond. Not like I hadn't noticed. 'The ladies were full, and I was desperate' I tell him. My stream slows to a trickle and stops, a few drops falling barely an inch from my shorts and onto the floor. I pull my shorts up. 'Done now though' I tell him, heading over to the open stall, leaning in and taking a square of tissue. I wipe myself inside my shorts, then drop the tissue in the bowl. 'See you at breakfast' I say, hurrying out. This is going to be some week...

I make my way over to the food hall after washing my hands on the tap outside.

'Lovely morning isn't it' Pipes up one of the boys as I pass a table on the way to the back of the hall. It's one of Jamie's friends, Dan.

'Certainly was!' I reply cheerily - the sun was shining, there was a slight dew on the grass, the breeze was cool and refresh-

'Jamie says he even saw a full moon!' Dan grins at me, as I blush like a cherry. I don't know what to say, so I try to compose myself and head over to the teachers table, leaving the boys as they chuckle among themselves. News certainly travels fast...

Picking up some cereal and some fruit on the way over, I reach the teacher's table and sit myself on the end, next to Sarah, who is halfway through a bowl of cornflakes.

'You get my message?' she asks me.

'Hm? Oh, yeah' I answer. 'You sent Jamie with it'. She nods to confirm. 'He came in right as I was picking something up' I tell her, quietly now. 'Completely mooned him'

She laughs when I tell her this, spraying milk from her mouth as she tries to hold back laughter. 'You didn't!' She says, I nod. 'I bet he was shocked!'

'That's one way to put it'

By the time I've finished breakfast, me and Sarah have more or less talked about everything twice over, and drank about four cups of tea each. As we both pour ourselves a fifth, I realise the effect it's having on my bladder - I already need to pee. No fair! It's only been half an hour since my last one! Still, I have had four going-on five cups of tea, I suppose it has go somewhere. We sit down back at the breakfast table with our fifth cup and carry on talking. Ms Jameson comes and sits with us while we talk. She's the teacher who organised the whole trip.

'Morning ladies' she begins, putting on her professional voice. She's going to remind us what we're doing today. 'You both know what you'll be doing, I presume?'

'Yup' Me and Sarah reply together. First the hike, then the rock climbing, then lunch, the-'

'Good' She interrupts. She never was the most polite. 'We'll be leaving in half an hour, here is the list of students in your group' She says, handing us a sheet of paper. 'On the flip side are emergency contacts and what not, Miss Greene will be in charge of any first aid in your team'. She finishes and leaves me and Sarah to our tea.

Fifteen minutes later and most of the hall is now empty, though me and Sarah are among the last few still in. We're now on our seventh cups of tea - we're not even thirsty, it's just an excuse to sit and talk for a bit. Mind you, seven cups have really pounded their ways through me and into my bladder. Feeling a little desperate now, I'm reminded of last night. I decide to ask Sarah about it.

'Sarah' I begin. 'I really don't want to sound weird, but did we do anything last night?'

'Like what?' she asks, acting a little shifty.

'Anything in the tent?'

'Such as?'

She's pressuring me to make the first move. I don't want to, but I have to. 'After I wet myself in bed, did we get up to anything?'

'I-I wouldn't know, we were both asleep when you wet the bed'. She's blushing.

'Did you wet yourself?' I ask her, changing the vein a little.

'No! N-no, I didn't'

'Why were your pyjamas wet this morning then?' I ask. She blushes. She thinks for a moment.

'A-after you wet the bed...' She begins. 'We, um, we...'. Now we're getting somewhere. 'We, uh, I, had to pee real bad....so I left the tent, b-but it was really dark, and I-I...'

She pauses. 'You did what?'

'I wet myself!' she admits. 'I couldn't hold it, and it was too dark to go to the toilet so I decided to wet myself.....sorry for not telling you the truth, I was a little embarrassed.'

I nod at her. Maybe I did dream our kiss...

We change the conversation, have another tea, then decide to leave to start the day. First I head over to the toilet block though.

Once again, the building isn't too pleasant, but this time it's also full. There are queues at both doors, and they aren't moving very fast. Not worth waiting for, I decide, so I head back to our tent. Sarah's taking our wet clothes off the floor, presumably to take them to the cleaning room. She doesn't notice me as I head over.

'Boo!'

'Yeep!' she yelps, dropping the wet clothes as she does. 'Don't do that!' she says. I nearly pee'd!' I chuckle as she says this

'Better not pee yet' I tell her, 'the queues are a couple miles long'

'Aww, are you kidding?' she asks, clutching her crotch. 'I really gotta go! Seven cups of tea have just run through me'

'Same here, I feel like I might burst at any moment'

She smirks at me. 'How about we look for a bush or something, out the way'. I like her thinking. Most of the other teachers and all the students will be getting ready to leave, but me and Sarah were ready before we left our tents. We where the only two in the food hall that weren't in pyjamas. I grin back at her and nod. 'Let's go!' she says

We head out of our tents and around the back of the food hall. There's nothing behind it, except a hedge and a three foot wide dirt path leading around the back. We don't think we were saw on the way there...

'Well! We're here!' says Sarah.

'Where are we?' I ask

'In private, silly!' she says. 'Let's get peeing!'. She kicks of her boots, no socks in them. She pulls her pants down to her knees.

'You want me to keep watch?' I ask. 'Make sure no-one comes over'

'No no, don't do that, it would look suspicious' she tells me. She hikes up her shirt to just under her breasts and leans against the wall of the court so her thighs are parallel with the ground. She's wearing pink panties, which she doesn't take down. She tilts her head back and grins as she relaxes her bladder. A soft hiss before pee begins to stream out from between her legs and spatter onto the grass.

'Uhh, Sarah?' I begin. She looks over at me, eyes half open

'mmyeah?' She half moans, dreamily.

'You forgot your panties' I tell her. She looks down at them, then back at me, peeing all the while.

'No I didn't, I'm wearing them' she says

'That's my point'

It takes her a moment, before she responds. 'Oh yeah'. Her pee continues to splatter on the grass, now having formed a muddy puddle that reaches the heels of her bare feet. 'Too late now!' she giggles. As she continues to pee, I get the strange notion that she's doing it on purpose. She meant to wet her panties. She can see the gears turning in my head and grins at me again. 'It's kinda nice' she says. 'Warm, sticks to you' She pulls the fabric of her skin before letting it slap back into place, but making sure I get a view of her naked form as pee continues to trickle out of it. 'You should try it!'

I chuckle a little. 'No thanks Sarah' I say. 'I'm wearing grey panties under these shorts. If I wet 'em it'll really stick out'

She looks a little disappointed, but understanding. 'Your loss' she reminds me. Her stream begins to slow down, slapping into the muddy puddle as it does. She clenches visibly, and another jet falls through, before she stands off the wall and pulls her pants up. She runs her foot through the puddle once, giggling, before planting her feet back into her boots. She looks at me, with a very satisfied grin. 'You turn!'

Bip! Bip!

'Oh, too late' she says, looking at her watch. 'We better leave now'

'But I have to p-'

'You'll have to hold on' she tells me, hiding a smirk. She pats me on the shoulder. 'You can make it Catherine!' she says. I don't think I can

We head back to the tents, where the students are being briefed on the day ahead. I check my list. One name stands out. I'll let you guess who's it is

'Now then!' Shouts Miss Greene, who seems to have snuck up behind us, making me jump. 'My group! That's Finley, Vinny, Agatha, Jessie, Lucas, Anna, Jamie, and Mikhail'. Jamie visibly grins when he hears his name called. I know that Vinny and Lucas are his friends, but he's not grinning for them. To prove my point he winks at me. I smirk back, hopping foot to foot.

The hike leads us through a local forest. The journey will take us to a local cafe, where we'll likely have a cup of tea and a sit down, before we turn back. Miss Greene leads the group from the front, I guard the back, Sarah sort of hovers between the two of us. She mostly takes my role though, I'm too busy holding my bladder while trying not to look like I'm about to piss out a lake. Unsuccessfully. Miss Greene catches on to this, and heads over to me.

'You alright Catherine?' She asks me. 'You look like you need a wee'

I nod rapidly. 'I really do!'

She laughs. 'Do you think you'll make it to the cafe? We've still got about an hour 'till we get there'

An. Hour. 'No! I don't think I will'

She looks at me for a moment while we walk. Making sure that the group is in line, she decides what to do.

'Right, Cathy, You fall back a little and go in a bush or something. Sarah can cover you, I'll keep these lot in check, catch up when you're done'

I nod thankfully. 'Thank you! Oh, thank you!' I dart off to one side, watching as Miss Greene tells Sarah the plan. Sarah heads on over, grinning.

'Still gotta pee?' she asks. She knows the answer 'Can't make it?' I shake my head. 'Sure you can!' she says. 'You gotta hold on till we get there Catherine, you're not a little girl any more!' She's clearly joking around, and I can't hold back a giggle, but on the other hand I can't hold on. Now that we're a few yards from the group, I jam my hands into my crotch

'Oh god Sarah, I REALLY gotta go!' She seems taken aback a little by my sudden outburst, but I can't help it. A devious look comes over her.

'Okay, let's make a bet'

'no.'

'Don't be a spoilsport!' She says 'We have to. Or I won't let you pee'

'You can't stop me peeing!' I say.

'Sure I can, watch' she says, turning around and walking away. I can't pee without her making sure no-one else sees!

'No no! Come back!' She turns around slowly as she can, grinning all the while. 'What was the bet?'

'You gotta drink my whole bottle of water first. And your one as well'

'What!?'

'Drink!'

'You evil woman!' I laugh at her, she laughs back. She hands me her bottle.

'Once you're done with both bottles you can pee. If you don't drink 'em both I'm walking off'

I nod furiously, hopping foot to foot. I take her bottle and drink. I watch as the water line goes down, bit by bit, until, ten seconds after I started, the last drop goes down my throat. I gasp for air, handing her bottle over. She slowly, takes it from me. Very slowly. She holds it in my hand for a couple seconds.

'Sto-o-op!' I moan, thighs pressed together. She takes my other bottle from me, before I can react. 'Hey!'

She puts in on the floor, in front of my feet, and then grabs my hands as she stands up, pressing them to my side

'You're not gonna wet yourself are you?' she grins

'Sara-a-ah!' She swings my hands side to side.

'One more bottle little Cathy, then you can go - don't bend your legs though!'

I bend over at the waist and reach for the bottle. My bladder screams and nearly bursts in my shorts, but I hold on - only just. I pick up the bottle. Sarah takes it out my hand and puts it on the floor again. 'Looks like you dropped it!' she teases me, prodding me in the belly. I damn near just give up and wet myself to prove a point, but I'm not letting her get the better of me! I bend down again and pick it up. I open the bottle hastily and begin drinking. 'There's a good girl!' she says to me As the last drop goes into me, my bladder almost gives way entirely. I scramble for the waistline of my shorts.

'Uh uh uhh!' Sarah says, holding my hands to my sides again. 'You gotta let the water go down!'

'Sarah! It's gonna go down my legs! Come on!'

'It's gonna feel real good!' she teases. It really would! 'Imagine how good it will feel! Drip drip dr-'

I cut her off by giving her a kiss, straight on her lips. Nothing too romantic, just a real quick peck. It works, it stuns her for a moment, just long enough for me to break free and dive back. I land on my ass, no time to get up though, I scramble for my shorts again and pull them up to my knees. I'm sat on the side of the dirt path, knees up, with my shorts round them

And not a moment too soon! Right as my shorts and panties reach my knees, I lose control and begin to pee! 'Hahaaaahhh!' I half laugh, half moan as I pee, the stream hissing out and carving a wet streak in the dirt. Sarah is still a little stunned, her hands floating in front of her, as she grins inanely.

'You cheeky little!' she laughs, blushing. I smirk smugly back as I pee into the dirt. My stream is a pretty clear, pale yellow. Where I've drank so much tea in such a short time, the liquid's ran right through me. And now I've got two bottles of water in me, I'd wager they'll be coming out soon! But for now, I win - I let my legs fall to the sides, being held up in an open 'V' shape by the shorts around my knees. Sarah can't help looking.

'Like what you see!' I joke. She smirks and sits next to me while I continue peeing. The stream is running into the middle of the dirt path and then running down back the way we came.

'Looks like you win this time' she says to me. 'But next time...' She doesn't finish, instead she lets me guess what she means.

'Come on now Sarah, not in front of the students'

'Not even your boyfriend Jamie?' she grins at me

'You! He's not my boyfriend! It's not even legal!' I tell her, laughing. 'Besides, he's not my type!'

'What is your type?' She asks me

'I dunno, funny, smart, caring-'

'long walks down the beaches' she cuts in with a mocking voice. 'Come on, you can come up with something more original!'

'Alright then, smart ass! What's your type?' I ask her

'I know my type' she says, grinning, one eyebrow raised. 'Smart, funny...blonde.....Some one I can spend a lot of time with........'

She's looking me dead in the eyes now. Her playful, cheeky smirk has turned to something much more sincere. A longing, loving look in her eyes. The mood is a little off-set by the trickling of pee into the dirt, though it slowly tapers off as my bladder empties. I pull back on my shorts as she continues.

'About my height, perhaps a little shorter. Maybe a little naive at times....someone like.....like.....'

'Like?' I ask her

'S-someone....someone like you' And she kisses me. Without time to react, she swings her upper body into mine, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me onto the floor. I lie on my back, she stays sat but with her body twisted, and she kisses me. I'm too surprised to really react, but I can see her blush and close her eyes, the heat of her face on mine is a little overwhelming. Her lips are soft, just like last night. I can feel her blush as her face heats up, lips caressing mine. She moves one hand from my shoulder to my breast, and takes a breath of air before kissing me again.

I close my eyes as we kiss. She rubs my breast gently in her hand, caressing it through the shirt. I can feel every finger on me tremble as she does so. She closes her fingers slightly, pulling at my bra. She pulls her head back slowly, gently opening her eyes as I open mine. A slight line of saliva hangs between our mouths before snapping and falling onto my chin. My mouth is a little damp where she's kissed me. I gently raise my hand and wipe it dry with a finger. She looks into my eyes, her eyes full of love and fear. I don't really know how to react, so I smile. She smiles back.

'S-someone like you...' she says again, sitting up. I sit up with her. I look in her eyes, though she stares down at the floor. I do like Sarah - she's easily one of the best friends I've ever had...But do I love her? I-I don't know.....I can't honestly say no......

'Sorry....' she whispers to me. She looks worried and upset. She thinks she's done something very wrong.

'Y-you kissed me last night, too....didn't you?'

She nods, eyes closed.

'I...um....' She mumbles. We're both lost for words. I put one arm round her shoulder. She looks me in the eye, and I draw my face close to hers, almost resting it on her shoulder. I smile at her again. She smiles back, a little easier. Using my hand, I pull her head gently onto my own shoulder and kiss her on the forehead. I hear her giggle gently.

'Come on, we'd better catch the others' I say to her. She nods. We both stand up, but don't head off yet. She takes my hands in hers. She goes to say something, but I cut it off with a finger. 'We can discuss it later Sarah' I whisper. She grins at me gently. She hands me my empty bottle and we make our way to the group, leaving my puddle behind us.

'Still gonna make you pee later' she giggles at me. 'Right in your pants!'

'I'd like to see you try!' I giggle back, and we catch up with the rest of the group, who are none the wiser

