Irish's Corner Store Desperation

Author: RenaFetish

*000*2024-01-05 02:57

It all started when Irish drank two cups of water and got her morning pee.

Well, it may be confusing but Irish may hold her bladder because it can hold longer as it should, but Mostly on her Flirting husband named Hyper. She has been changed already.

Irish was bored on Sight, She haves no water bottles left. There was no Diet Coke or no Zero Sugar Coke either. She got ready for the Corner Store. Hyper reminded her that she needs to use the bathroom first, she said no. Then she got in the car and drove off. It's in 20 minutes so her has was full and she drove off. 7 minutes later. She Felt something on her bladder. She needs to pee but she's Still driving. She doesn't have a bottle with her either. She forgets it and she drives more. Few minutes later she arrived. She got her purse ready. She noticed her bladder was full again, she will be fine. Meanwhile shopping for drinks and food. She bladder was full and her bladder is completely full of water. She paid for the things, it costed 20$ to buy so she did. She noticed her bladder was full and she desperately begin squinting in public.

Worker 1: "Whats wrong?"

Irish: "I need the bathroom!"

Worker 2: "Oh shit Is out of order!"

Worker 1: "Yeah Sorry Girl."

Irish: "Ughhh!!"

Her penis can't stand the attention she's had to the bathroom. She Carried the things to the car and once she done it, Her penis started to leak. She got in the car immediately. She drives to home 15 minutes later, Irish's Dick started leaking for 5 seconds. She can't take the pain anymore. As she got home, She carried the things to home and she runned to the bathroom. She Unzipped her dick out and desperately started peeing. She moaned of reilef. It was a record of 1 minute and 46 seconds. She sighed of reilef as she was done peeing. She wiped her penis and put it on. She flushed the toilet and kissed Hyper in the Couch. She knew she had to use the bathroom.

