A Day at the Beach

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-08-02 19:20

Anne, a cheery 18-year-old girl with short blonde hair, had always loved going to the beach. Every time she went to one, she would wear her bikini under her regular clothes and take them off in plain sight when she approaches the water. Then she would jump into the water and swim so far away that the lifeguards could barely see her.

Today, she plans to go to the beach in her new blue bikini, complete with white stripes. She rushes out the door and rides her bike all the way to the beach, only to see that the beach was closed due to a storm that was said to be coming. Seeing that she had already went through the trouble of putting on her bikini, she ignores the warning and runs straight towards the water. She takes a deep breath and dives three feet underwater, and luckily finds a shiny pearl at the sea floor.

"Wow, this is pretty," she thought, as she takes the pearl and stuffs it in her bikini top. "I wonder what else I could find under here?"

Meanwhile, just on the other end of the beach, a stern-looking 18-year-old male with a skin color a little darker than Anne's and black spikes, approaches a boulder with a towel and a backpack and sits in the shade behind it. He didn't want to go into the water; he just wanted some peace and quiet. He reaches into his backpack and takes out a sketch pad and some pencils and begins to sketch a picture of a blonde-haired girl about his age swimming in the water.

Just as soon as he finishes about half an hour later, he notices a blonde-haired girl suddenly jumping out the water to catch her breath. What was ironic about it, though, was that this girl looked exactly like the one in his drawing, except the one in his drawing had more of a one-piece outfit, and was based off a girl that he knew back home. He stares at this girl as she slowly walks out of the water and strains her hair of the water that got into it. He then notices her staring in his direction and running straight towards him.

"Calvin?!" the girl called as she finally approaches him...with her hands between her crossed legs.

"Anne? Is that you?" Calvin asked, seconds before noticing the bit of a pose Anne was making. "What's wrong?"

"Oh, nothing," Anne replied, trying to hide the fact that she needed to pee. But it was clearly obvious that she's trying to hold it in. She skimps around to look for a restroom, but the only one in sight was on the other side of the beach near the entrance, which is locked because the beach was closed. Of course, she could just go, but she didn't want Calvin to see her stream, not to mention that her "goods" would be completely exposed. So, she sticks to plan C: go in the water.

Calvin stares at Anne as she rushes toward the water and suddenly stop right outside the water's reach with her legs crossed. As she holds still, he could see a stream coming out from between her legs that spurted out in the back. By the time the stream had stopped about thirty seconds later, she was crying. At this point, he didn't know whether to run before she gets pissed, or try to help her out, so he flips a coin. It lands on heads. He picks up his blanket to shake the sand off of it. Then he slowly approaches Anne, who quickly noticed him coming.

"Uh...You okay?" Calvin asks.

"Y-Yes," Anne responded, slowly wiping away her tears. Calvin stares at the dark patch between her legs. She sees him looking, but didn't care because she knew that he has seen her wet herself.

"Do you have anything to change into?" Calvin asks.

Anne shook her head no. "I came here like this."

Calvin wondered why, but was too distracted by the yellow stain on Anne's bikini bottom. Anne blushes, but comes up with an idea. She whispers into Calvin's ear. Calvin looks confused.

"You sure you wanna do that?"

"Uh-huh."

Calvin wraps the towel around Anne's waist, covering the lower part of her body. He then reaches for her bikini bottom and slowly pulls them down. He takes them to his backpack, where he then takes out a bucket and fills it with some of the sea water, and puts them in it. Anne could feel a breeze going up her legs as she could see the sky turning dark.

"A storm is coming," she thought to herself. "I really should head home, now. Then again, the rain could save me the trouble of taking a shower."

The winds started to pick up, and it didn't seem to be a light one. Just in the nick of time, Calvin comes back with her bikini bottom, looking as if the little accident she had never existed. He raises her legs so he could put them back on her, but suddenly, a very strong gust of wind had blown away the towel that she was wearing, leaving her "goods" completely exposed. Calvin quickly turns in the other direction and pulls her bikini bottom all the way up, almost giving her a wedgie. Anne blushes very deeply as she pulls him to his feet and kisses him on his lips. As he finally decides to kiss back seconds later, the two were suddenly hit by a big wave that crashed down on them and slammed them toward the sand. But this had only made Anne's desire for Calvin even greater.

*002*2012-08-03 04:21

{{: 

This was a good story. i think it needs a litil work but uther thain that nise jobe

}}

Thanks! :D

I'm thinking about extending this story a little, maybe to where Anne gets home and wets herself on the bed thinking about Calvin? :D

*004*2012-08-04 08:26

{{: 

Is this going to be a love weting seres. if it is i whud sugest ading onther person or mack the story longer. and agin good job so far cant whait to reed more

}}

That night, Anne went back home a very happy girl. A rather thirsty one, too. She headed straight to the fridge to chug down a whole liter and a half bottle of orange Gatorade. Feeling relieved, she then went to her room to change out of her bikini, only to remember that she needed to take a shower. On top of being partially covered in sand, she could still smell herself from the "accident" she had. But she didn't want to take a shower, yet, as she is aware that she might get cramps from it if she takes one too early. So, she decided to wait a while before taking a shower, which wasn't hard at all...until the Gatorade that she drank had went straight though her body. A sucessful hour later, she rushes straight for the toilet, only to see that her little brother Oliver had hogged the toilet, instead.

"Oliver!" Anne shouted, banging on the door. "Let me in! I gotta pee!"

"Sorry, sis," Oliver responded from inside the bathroom. "First come, first serve!"

Anne found herself pressing her hands between her legs, desperately trying to hold in that massive load. As soon as the pressure had finally stopped, the doorbell rang. Understanding that it was just her and Oliver, she rushed to see who was at the door. It was Calvin. As she unlocks the door, she could feel the pressure in her bladder coming back. Hearing the the door had unlocked, Calvin opens the door slowly and walks inside. The first question that he asked about Anne was...

"Are...you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I've just been having a cramp all day, that's all."

"O...kay..."

"So, what are you doing here?"

"Well, one, you forgot your bike, and two,..."

"Well...?"

"I dunno. I forgot it when I came here."

"Was it something you forgot, yourself?"

"Well, not really--"

"Or,...was it me?"

"Pretty much both, but more importantly, you."

Anne smiled and blushed as she began to feel her heart pounding from hearing that. She suddenly wrapped her arms around Calvin's neck and kissed his lips deeply. Calvin, of course, kissed back. As the two were kissing, Anne had completely forgotten about her full bladder. She didn't want to let loose, yet; she wanted more pressure to build up, first. After a while, she could feel the floodgates reaching its breaking point. She flinches as she lets out a big squirt in her sand-covered bikini bottom that dripped onto the floor. As much as she would have wanted to just let it all out, she had a better plan in mind.

She takes Calvin's right hand and placed it right between her legs. As she continues kissing him, she moves his hand up and down her bikini bottom. She moans a little, trying to hold in the rest of her load, but she kept going until eventually the floodgates couldn't tale any more and suddenly bursted open, releasing a big torrent on his hand that splattered on the floor, leaving a huge puddle. Being in the direct range of the stream, some of it got onto Calvin's pants.

"Ooooh, that felt so good...!" Anne whispered to herself, finally feeling relief. At that very moment, Oliver had finally came out of the bathroom. The first thing he saw after rubbing his eyes was his sister standing by the door with a guy next to her and a huge puddle underneath them.

"Get a room, you two," he said as he walked into his room and closed the door. At that moment, Anne takes Calvin's wet hand and slides it down her soaked bikini bottom and resumes kissing him. But after a while, she finally decides to go take a shower.

"Don't worry," Anne says, taking off her bikini. "You can look."

Anne takes off her bikini and turns on the water. As she gets in the tub, a mysterious shiny orb had flinged out from between her breasts and landed on the bathroom floor. Calvin picks it up, but was then asked the most out-of-the-blue question yet.

"Do you...want to join me?" Anne asks, holding out her hand.

*008*2012-08-11 10:13

Calvin took off his clothes and went into the shower with Anne. When they finished a half hour later, Calvin put on a clean set of clothes that he had packed into his backpack and walks out the front door. Anne, on the other hand, went straight to bed after putting on her red silk pajamas. She drifts off to sleep after several minutes of thinking about Calvin.

The next morning, Anne wakes up to the birds chirping in the window. She wipes the slobber from her mouth onto the pillow and rushes to the kitchen to fix a bowl of cereal. Being very hungry, she ended up eating three bowls in ten minutes (note: the bowl was half the size of a cantaloupe).

"You know you're gonna get fat," Oliver said, walking into the kitchen to get some cereal.

"How would you know that?" Anne responded.

"Look at how many bowls of cereal you're eating. You're gonna get fat."

"So?"

"Fatty!"

Oliver runs into Anne's room as he was being chased by Anne, who bumped her head on the slammed door and fell on her butt. Though it was fortunate that Anne's silk pajamas didn't rip from the fall, she could see her face bleeding in the mirror on the bathroom door. She rushes to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom and takes out a first aid kit to treat the wound, then apply a bandage over it. Feeling bored, she then goes to the living room to watch some TV. She turns to the news channel, just as they were showing the weather forecast. Today, it showed 80 degrees with a very good chance for a thunderstorm that would go on for then next three days. Fortunately, the temperature is expected to drop to about 68 in the afternoon due to the storm.

"Perfect," Anne said, turning off the TV. "The beach should be closed again today."

Anne runs to her room, only to remember that Oliver had locked her out of it. She knocks on the door with an intent to sound like her mother. In a hurry, Oliver rushes to open the door at the sound of his PSP being turned on. As soon as the door opened, Anne pushes her little brother out and locks the door. She then puts on a black one-piece swimsuit and covered it with a blue short-sleeved shirt and black jeans and runs out the door, heading straight to the beach. Just as she predicted, it was closed again. She strips down to her swimsuit and headed straight for the water, but as soon as she touches the sand,...

ENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Anne picked up her clothes and scrambled at the sound of the alarm that suddenly blared loudly at her approach. She runs straight to the yellow house that had its back door opened. She slammed it shut and collapsed on the ground, gasping for breath.

"Whew, that was close," Anne said in relief. Her body was trembling in fear. She could hear her own heart pound. It only pounded harder as she feels a light stream go down her legs at the sound of someone approaching.

"Anne?" a familiar voice called. It was Calvin. It seemed as if she had ran into his house. The thing that distracted him more than the bandage on her forehead was a dark patch on her swimsuit.

"I-I stepped on a puddle on the way here," Anne said, trying to hide the fact that she peed herself. But it was too obvious that she did, for if the fact it was shown between her legs didn't tell him, the aroma it gave out, on top of the small yellow puddle underneath her would have. "It's nothing, really."

"Sure it was."

Anne could feel that her bladder is going to give out, soon. Her body was still shaking in fear, so she couldn't concentrate much on holding it, not to mention that it started to hurt her. She ended up letting it go all over the floor. She and Calvin could both see a big yellow puddle form around her. The puddle stopped growing after thirty seconds of wetting, when she finally began to calm down. She then gets up and kissed Calvin deeply, pressing their bodies together.

"What is on this girl's mind?" Calvin thought to himself as he grabs Anne's waistline and kisses back.

