Marking

Author: peefreak1

*000*2013-05-27 17:50

It was a normal day for me, hanging out with my best friend, Patrick, whom I happened to be in love with. He was adorable; short, tan, and really hairy. He had fluffy brown hair atop his thick skull and gorgeous brown eyes hidden behind his glasses. Braces shielded his teeth, and he was skinny as a twig. Okay, so he's no Adonis, but he was mine and I loved him. Well, he wasn't really mine, but we were so close, that I thought of him as mine.

Recently, though, Patrick had been acting differently. He, for some reason, believed he was a werewolf. It was weird, but it was kind of sexy. Patrick and I were just sitting on the couch watching TV. I put my head in his lap, and he played with my hair. (Could you believe we weren't even going out yet?) Sleepily, I turned over in his lap, and he whimpered. "What was that?" I asked with a laugh.

"Sorry," he said in his nasally voice. "You brushed against a sensitive area."

"Oh," I blushed. "Sorry."

He smiled his adorable brace-y smile. "No, no, it's fine." He continued to play with my hair as we watched whatever show was on TV. I don't think either of us were paying any particular attention to the television.

Patrick gently pushed my head up. I sat up at once. "What's wrong?" I asked.

"I gotta pee," he chuckled. He got up to go to the bathroom.

"Wait," I said. He stopped and turned back around. "What?" he asked.

"You're a wolf, right?"

"Yeah..."

"And wolves pee outside right?"

"Nick, I'm not gonna pee outside."

"Fine, then I don't believe you're actually a werewolf. I won't believe you're a wolf until I see you pee like a wolf."

He sighed. He knew he wanted me to believe he was a werewolf, even if he really wasn't. I think it was just a game he was playing, roleplaying that he was a wolf. It was kinda fun, especially if it let me see him pee. I followed Patrick out into the backyard. We went into the back alley to the side of my house, where our privacy fence and the side of the house with no windows made an enclosure that made it fairly private. Patrick unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his pants. This was the moment of truth; I was finally going to see Patrick's dick. He pulled out his soft, cut cock out of his tighty-whiteys and immediately, the golden nectar started flowing out.

My own cock immediately stood at attention, pressing for release in my jeans. Patrick howled with relief, literally (he was a wolf, right?), and I couldn't take it anymore. I went behind Patrick and wrapped my arms around his waist, slowly and softly gliding my fingers over Patrick's dick. Patrick made a whimpering sound and his legs bobbed. "Ohh, Nick," he moaned. I fondled his hardening cock and kissed him on the lips from behind him. He closed his eyes and embraced the kiss. Patrick shoved his tongue in my mouth, and I did the same to him, carefully as to not get caught in his braces. Finally he broke the kiss. pee had stopped flowing due to his hardened member. He turned to face me and said, "Nick, I love you more than anything."

"Then prove it to me," I said.

"How?"

"How do wolves mark their territory?"

He seemed to understand. He stood directly in front of me, closed his eyes, and relaxed. The yellow fluid erupted out of his 5 and a half inch hardened member, and splashed me, soaking me with his warm, wet pee. It soaked through my clothes, turning me on even more. I got down on my knees and took his member into my mouth. He wasn't the biggest, but I didn't care; I loved him anyway. His golden nectar slid down my throat, caressing my tastebuds. I grabbed his ass and started deepthroating him. Patrick howled again, and started thrusting into my mouth.

I pulled my mouth off of his cock, and his stream continued, splashing me in the face. "Mark me, now, Nick," he said. "Make me yours and only yours." He lied down on the ground, and I pulled out my 7-inch cut cock. My erection made it really hard to pee, but I was desperate after seeing Patrick pee, so it only took a few seconds before my stream pulsed out, and arched over, splashing him in the face. He opened his mouth and I directed my hot water gun into his mouth, splashing on his tongue. Patrick started panting, and I directed my dick over his shirt, and over his crotch, soaking his cock in my pee. He moaned, which was a strangely human sound compared to what I was used to. Eventually my stream faded, but my boner didn't. He stood up, and I placed my cock at his entrance. "Are you ready?" I asked. He nodded in response, and I slowly slid my cock into his asshole; he screamed in both pain and ecstasy.

"Ohhh, Nick!" he moaned. "I love you."

I kissed the back of his head, inhaling his unique aroma. "I love you, too, buddy." My thrusting motions became more and more uneven as I approached my climax. Patrick started pumping his cock in his hand, and his panting became quicker and quicker, and finally, magic words were shouted in unison, "I'M CUMMING."

I shot my love juice inside his canal, and his boat sprung a leak as well, simultaneously. Patrick howled so loud I thought the neighbors would call animal control. With my cock still deep inside him, we both collapsed onto the grass, and caught our breath.

"Patrick," I said between breaths. "That...was amazing."

"I know." He pulled off of my cock, and turned around, snuggling up into my arms. We lied there for a while, drenched in pee and cum, completely stark naked. "I love you," he told me as he gave me a kiss on the cheek. I returned the kiss on his lips and we shared a passionate embrace. We lay there for a long time, just cuddling, until we decided to finally go inside and take a shower together.

