Trapped in a closet

Author: Rain429

*000*2012-09-08 18:16

(I apologize if this story appears not to make much sense and/or to be kind of diving into the middle of a random moment or something. If it does, it's most likely because it's essentially fanfiction, but from my own story which is way too long and irrelevant to ever post here.)

I'd been in this closet for hours, no idea how long. It was dark, but then, it was always dark. All I knew was that I really needed the bathroom. Really badly. I wasn't sure how long I could hold it.

I was lying on my side on the floor, with my knees bent and slightly pulled into me. I wasn't sure if this position was helping, or making things worse.

I whimpered quietly. I definitely couldn't wait very long. I sat up slowly and carefully, and tried the door handle. As I'd expected, it didn't work. It would've been great if it did, though. Just this once, just so I could go to the bathroom, really quick.

I sat back against the wall, trying not to pee my pants. I knew I would if I relaxed for even a second. Probably, anyway. I undid the front of my jeans, and put my hand down my underwear. I relaxed a bit, to see if any pee would come out. It didn't, so I figured that maybe I could stay relaxed for a little while longer. I knew that as soon as it got bad, I definitely wouldn't be able to relax at all.

I waited for a while, trying to think of other things to distract myself. But my need to go was just getting worse and worse, and I wasn't sure how long I could stay like this.

Then suddenly, it was like my bladder had some kind of spasm! I quickly tensed up and grabbed myself to make sure that not even a drop escaped. The spasm-like feeling went away, and I relaxed a bit more again, and released my grip on myself.

I couldn't go on like this much longer. What time was it, anyway? Maybe if I was lucky, it'd be morning like now, and someone would let me out.

Just thinking about being able to go to the bathroom made me need to go more. I needed to go right now! Or really soon, anyway.

I pressed my back against the wall, as that made me feel slightly better, and stayed like that for a few more painful minutes. But even that wasn't enough after a while. I picked up my copybook from the floor, and read through it quickly, trying to distract myself.

That only helped for a few minutes though, and soon my bladder was spasming again, even harder this time. I tensed up and grabbed myself as quickly as I could to stop it, but it was too late; a little bit had come out. I was so embarrassed and ashamed that that had happened, but thankful that it only seemed to have wet my underwear, not my pants. Maybe I'd done enough now that it would leave me alone 'til morning?

Apparently the answer to that was no, as immediately afterwards, it felt like my bladder had started cramping or something. I guess that was my body's way of saying that I could not hold it any longer! I was bursting, about to explode! I couldn't hold it I couldn't hold it I couldn't hold it! But I had to, I had no choice! I couldn't wet my pants, I wasn't a baby! But I wasn't able to wait!!!

I was panicking now, shaking with the effort of holding it in. I couldn't hold it, I couldn't wait any longer! But I couldn't let this happen to me! I was too old to pee my pants! This couldn't happen!

I stood up slowly, trying not to pee myself, but a bit leaked out. Standing up, I leaned against the wall, grabbed myself, and crossed my legs. Maybe I could wait a few more hours if I just stayed in this position...

Oh, who was I kidding? There was no way in hell I could wait any longer! No way no way no way! But this couldn't happen, I had to hold it, I had to!

I started to bounce slightly, and shift around frantically, trying to prevent anything from happening. But despite all my efforts, I felt it starting to leak out again. And this time nothing could stop it.

I whined quietly, trying my best not to wet my pants completely. But it was hopeless. As I felt the outside of my pants getting wet now, I just gave up. There was nothing I could do at this point. I uncrossed my legs, took my hands away from my crotch, and sank to the ground in defeat, watching myself, and the ground, become wetter and wetter...

I laid down on the dry part of the closet floor, and cried myself to sleep.

