Desperate Meet (Revival)

Author: Guest Aaaaaa

*000*2016-01-18 07:44

Hi everyone, I'm sorry for the massive delay. I just have been very busy and forgot my account information and never got around to continuing the story so I decided to revive it an added plenty of new material. Here are the first three chapters since most people have probably forgotten

Chapter One:

Hannah was very excited for the upcomming swim meet. The city championship was always a big race. She usually had her best times there. As the last bell of the day released her from school, she walked to her car to drive to the pool, absent-mindedly sipping on water in her one liter Camelbak that she had already downed half of during her last class.

As she started driving to the meet she began to feel a slight twinge in her bladder. She figured that it was just pre-race nerves. When she pulled into the parking lot of the indoor pool, she realized as she stood up that the pressure in her bladder had become much stronger.

"Holy Shit!" She thought, "I have to stop drinkng so much water! I gotta pee REALLY bad!"

Hannah had realized that she had been needing to pee more often than usual, which worried her slightly. As she entered the complex and headed to the ladies restroom, she noticed that he line was very long. She figured that if she waited, she might wet herself. She decided to see if one of the two stalls in the locker room were open. However, when she entered the locker room, she realized with horror that they were both taken and there were three girls waiting!

" Now what am I gonna do!" She though, " If I don't go soon I'm going to lose it!"

She decided since the locker room wasn't crowded except for the line to just wait for one of the stalls to become available. There were now only two girls waiting so she figured that she would be able to make it. Hopefully.

As she stood in the short but menacing line, Hannah was now unable to hold it in without showing any outward signs of desperation. Her jeans that once felt her so well were pressing very hard against her strained bladder. She wished that she had just stripped into her bra and panties before getting in line as it would have easily eased some of the tension in her bladder. She decided against it though because although she was by no means fat, she had gained a delete pounds and was not the very skinny girl that most of the other swimmers were. It had its perks, like making her tits much bigger, but it also made her jeans feel much tighter. A sudden spasm hit her bladder and she was forced to give her crotch a quick squeeze. It felt sooo good, but she had to stop before anyone noticed.

"Ohh I hope they finish going soon, I can't hold on much longer!"

To her joy, both stalls flushed at once and the girls in front of her went in. With both people in front of her gone, and the locker room being empty, she decided to take the opportunity to strip herself of her jeans and t shirt. It felt sooo good to give her now completely full bladder a little room to breathe. She then decided to just put on her suit, as her bulging bladder made her look bigger than she actually was, making her feel self concious. As she tried to slip into her suit without peeing all over the floor, another spasm hit her and she was forced to grab her crotch with both hands to stop herself from letting go. Once it passed, she quickly pulled her suit over her large breasts and placed a hand back into her crotch and double crossed her legs. She was on the limit and was praying that nobody would enter and see her in such an embarrassing state. She then heard a stall flush to her joy and prepared to enter by letting go of her throbbing pussy.

She thought that she had finally found sweet relief but the girl in the stall seemed to be having trouble getting the lock undone.

" I think it's jammed" she said.

" Oh no are you sure! I really have to go!" Hannah exclaimed, making no attempt so be subltle now as her hands returned to he crotch.

" Here it's fine I'll just crawl knee the girl said.

" Oh thank you soooo much!" Hannah said.

As the girl crawled under Hannah crawled under to finally release the massive flood that she was barley holding back. As she stuck one hand inside of her swimsuit to grab her crotch while she pulled the rest down with the other she heard the other toilet flush which almost caused her to lose control. But she fought it back and finally got her suit pulled down, releasing her massive flood into the toilet in the process.

" oh my god that feels SO much better" she said to herself.

As she pulled her suit over her body she walked out of the room and went with her team to prepare to warm up. Before she got in the pool however, she guzzles down a medium sized Powerade from the team's cooler to help give her energy for the race.

" At least my bladder is empty now. I shouldn't have to go until after the race!" She thought to herself as she jumped in the pool. If only she knew how wrong she was.

Chapter Two:

As Hannah jumped into the pool to warm up for the meet, she realized how lucky she was not to wet herself. The last time she had wet herself was four years ago in seventh grade and it had been a very embarrassing experience. She was on a field trip to a theme park and bought a 32 ounce coke and quickly drank it all so she got a refill. By the time she was halfway done with it, she and a couple of friends got in line for a roller coaster. She kinda had to go when they got in but she figured she could hold it. She absent mindedly sipped on the cole while she waited. That ended up being a HUGE mistake because as they were halfway through the line she REALLY had to go. She was squirming all over the place and crossing her legs.

When her friends asked if she was ok she said she was fine and just a little uncomfortable from the heat and her tight short Jean skirt. By the time they had their turn to go she was absolutely bursting and was thinking she would be able to hold it in with her hands but she was very wrong. The seatbelt device and seat made that impossible because the seat deprecated her legs and the protector that went over her shoulders kept her hands restrained. When the ride began the belt pushed into her bladder and she quickly lost control. The experience had been humiliating because they had to stop the ride to clean it once she got off. Lots of people were pointing and laughing at her. Ever since that happened she vowed to never lose control again.

Unfortunately for her, as the warmup need she already had to go fairly badly. Probably a four on a scale of one to ten. She want bursting, but had she been sitting in class and needed to go this badly she would have definitely asked to use the bathroom.

" You can't be serious! How do I have to go already!" She said to herself

Although she REALLY wanted to quickly empty her bladder, she didn't have time because her two hundred freestyle relay was the first race of the meet followed by the one hundred freestyle which she was also swimming in. She knew that it would have to hold it for at least twenty five more minutes because the hundred freestyle was SO long because so many people swam in it and she was in the second to last heat.

As her team took their places to start the relay Hannah had to cross and uncross her legs to keep her bladder in check. When they were the next to swim, she felt her desperation increase from a four to a six so when she pretended to be adjusting her suit around her pussy, she really was pushing a finger up her pee-hole to ease the pressure for a quick bit.

Her team started the race. She was swimming third. She REALLY had to go now but was not showing any outward signs except crossing her legs while she stood. She really wanted to break into a pee dance because she knew that she would be able to hold it long enough if she did, but she did not want to humiliate herself.

As she stepped onto the block to dive in she winced in agony as he squished her aching bladder.

" This hurts SOOOO BAD!" She thought to herself. She tried to pee while she swam but it was impossible to start while she was moving. It was however possible for her desperation to go from a seven to a nine while she was in the water. Partly from the cold, partly for the pressure of the water.

As she got out after her team finished, she had to dry off and quickly go into line for her next race. She had to go SOOOO badly and was now forced to grab her crotch with one hand while her legs were crossed. She didn't notice anyone looking at her, so she decided to keep it up until right before her race. There were three heats to go before hers, and she was VERY worried that she would lose control.

" This hurts sooo bad! I really can't hold it much longer!" she thought. "If this race doesn't hurry up I'm SO gonna wet myself"

As the next heat started, Hannah pushed a hand deeper into her pussy and

Just prayed that she wouldn't lose control.

Chapter three:

Hannah had never had a fully grown elephant jumping rope on her bladder after she had been holding it for two hours, but as the first of two heats before hers began to swim, she figured that she had pretty much experienced it. The last few heats were always faster than the first ones, but Hannah bladder was so swollen that she almost looked five months pregnant at this point. The only thing keeping her throbbing pussy from releasing what felt like ten gallons of fluid was the hand that she had dug in. Most people seemed to be watching the race so she didn't think that anyone was watching her, which was good because if anyone were to see her, they would know in a moment that she needed to pee REALLY REALLY bad.

There was now only one heat to go before Hanna's, and it couldn't start any sooner. She was bent over with both of her legs crossed, one hand grabbing her crotch, and the other on her ass trying to plug her pussy. Her movements made it very easy to realize that she had to pee, which did not go unnoticed by her friend from another school standing behind her who was next to race.

" Hey Hannah are you ok?" She asked

She immediately took her hands away and stood up straight and said, " Of course, why do you ask?"

"Well you are grabbing your crotch and your ass and crossing your legs. It kinda looks like you have to pee!" She said laughing.

" What! No I don't! This suit just feels really tight around my va-, well, you know where!"

" Oh ok I gotcha. I just thought that you had to go because you're always bursting to whenever we hang out haha!"

" That is SOO not true!" Hannah responded defensively, but when she did, she was saved from a very awkward conversation because it was finally her turn to swim. When she took her position on the block, bending over squeezed her bladder so much that she couldn't fully bend over. She was worried that she would shoot out a gusher on her friend while she was waiting behind her. That would be humiliating!

"Ok Hannah just swim really fast, and you can go to the bathroom when you're done! Just like two more minutes!" She thought

As she dove in and hit the water she felt a quick surge of pressure on her bladder. As she did her first flip turn she felt her bladder crush. It hurt her SOO BADLY! She did it again on the other side and it felt even worse the next time she did. When she did it the third time she truly thought that her bladder would explode inside of her. She was swimming as fast as she could so she coils just run to the bathroom and release her massive flood. She could literally feel her pussy quivering while she swam. He suit felt so tight right now that she was sure that she had a cameltoe. She didn't even care about it anymore, she just wanted to go!

When she finished her race she didn't even realize that she swam so fast that she had qualified for state! She also didn't realize that five of her friends on the team were running at her while she was running for the bathroom. They all met her and all hugged her very tightly, she squatted down a little and tried to squirm around just to hold it in. Unfortunately, her friends were not letting go.

"Hannah that was amazing! I've never seen you swim so fast!" Said one girl

" you were flying! I didn't know you were that fats!" Said another.

" Thanks guys, now can we finish this in a sec I really have to-"

She didn't have time to finish. Her friends were all hugging her tighter and chanting her name. She just couldn't hold it anymore. Two of them were pressing against her weak little bladder and her lips were twitching in desperation. She just couldn't hold it anymore. It all just shot out of her puss and all over her suit. She couldn't believe it. She hadn't done this in years! It was going to ruin such an awesome moment for her. She was ready for her friends to start teasing her. But, as they let go of her and the stream stopped, they weren't. None of them said anything. Was it possible that they hadn't noticed? Did they think it was just from the pool? That must have been that case, an she was forever grateful.

"Hannah come here!" Said Kaiti, a girl that she was swimming the 400 free relay with in about half an hour.

" What's up?" asked Hannah, trying her best to act like nothing had happened.

" Here, we're all taking these nuclear energy drinks before the race so we can swim faster. It'l give us TONS of energy. They're absolutely loaded with caffeine!"

Hannah looked at the can of the drink that was twice the size of a coke. She looked at the back and saw that it had the equivalent of three cups of coffee in caffeine. She knew that if she drank this there was NO way that she wouldn't have to pee in about fifteen minutes. Thinking that this was a recipe for disaster for her she just said,

" Oh no that's ok, I'll be fine! There is a ton of caffeine in this, that can't be good for you."

But Kaiti wouldn't let up, " It's fine! It just like having three comes or something. Worst case scenario you might have to pee a little. What's the problem?"

" Ok ok I guess you're right. It can't be that bad." Hannah said as she reluctantly drank it up. She could already feel it running through her stomach and knew that she would need to make sure that she peed before she raced, because if she didn't, she wouldn't be as lucky as earlier.

Chapter four

Hannah knew right away that drinking that energy drink was a massive mistake. How could she have been so stupid? She had already almost wet herself twice today, and now she had drank something that would not only make her need to pee for sure but would also be very hard on her kidneys. She was super paranoid about having another accident but she also knew that she had to stay hydrated with real fluids so she drank a bottle of water right away so her bladder would fill up at once and she would hopefully only have to pee once and not multiple times.

She was also waiting near the locker room so that if she did suddenly need to go she could get in and out quickly. The only problem was that she still had a race to do before the 400 free relay, the 100 backstroke, her favorite event, and she knew that she would have to get in line for it soon. She also wouldn't have time to go to the bathroom in between her last two races after doing a cool down, so her bladder was really going to have to be strong. She still didn't have to go, but she knew this would be her last chance to use the bathroom before her last race, so she had to at least try. She went into the girl's locker room, entered the nearest stall, and tried so hard to pee, but she could only manage to get out a few drops.

"Well maybe I'll get lucky and not have to pee at all." Hannah said to herself, not very hopefully.

Hannah moved into li to to take her place for the hundred backstroke. This event wasn't as popular as the 100 free, but since it was her best event and she'd already made state in it, she would be in the last heat. As there were only two heats before her to go Hannah could barley focus on the race, because she shockingly still didn't fell any urge to pee. Maybe she just completely dried herself up early.

The next heat started so there was only one before Hannah. They quickly finished and the next one started, and she still didn't feel the need to pee even in the slightest. She was cautiously optimistic at this point and thought she had a chance of making it to the end of the meet without needing to go as she jumped into the pool to brace herself for swimming. However, as she crouched up, she felt a sharp pang in her midsection and realized that she indeed had to suddenly go as that all too familiar feeling of discomfort returned to her midsection. She just wanted to finish the race as quickly as possible, which she managed to do in not her best time of the year, but still a pretty good one, finishing second overall.

She knew with extreme sadness that she would be unable to go to the bathroom because she had to do a quick cool down in the cool down pool and get in line for the 400 free relay. She had to go much worse now, and was walking with her legs pressed ever so tightly together as she met with her teammates Kaiti, Jane, and Maggie who she would be swimming with. Kaiti was the lead off, Jane was second, Hannah was third, and Maggie was anchor. Since the relay involved four people per school there were only three short heats but Hannah's team was in the third, which meant she would have to hold back her flood for about ten minutes. As they were waiting to go they were all very jittery from their energy drinks, Hannah more so than the rest.

"Dang these made me more hyper than I thought they would." Kaiti said to the group.

"Yeah I know." Maggie added. "All that caffeine has kinda made me have to pee. I sure hope I can make it." She said sarcastically, knowing that she probably won't have any problem making it to the toilet in time.

"Well Hannah I bet you have to go too seeing as you seem to AWLAYS have to pee the most out of all of us." Kaiti joked to the group, followed by laughs from everyone.

Hannah tried to play it off but it was hair to do as she really was at the breaking point now. Her suit was stretched to the limit, her legs were crossed as she was standing, and her hands were on her thighs trying to push everything in without making it obvious.

"Why do you always think I'm the one that has to pee all of the time?" Hannah asked Kaiti.

"Well let's look at all of the times you've almost pissed yourself: On the way to lake last summer, during the last TWO ACTs, regional meet last summer, and at the football game when there was a line for the bathroom and you had to beg me to let you go first."

"And let's not forget 7th grade." Maggie added in followed by more laughs.

"Ok guys very funny, I have to pee a lot." Hannah said.

"So you're saying you don't have to go now at all?" Jane chimed in.

"Nope, I am in complete control of my bladder." Hannah lied.

"Ok so you won't mind me talking about waterfalls pouring over a mountain, rivers gushing along, or a bottle of water spilling on the floor. And look around us, there's water everywhere." Kaiti teased.

Hannah tried so hard not to react to the awfully detailed descriptions. And reacted by saying, "No I'm sure you're very disappointed to hear that I don't have to pee. Now let's just focus on the race were about to start."

"Yeah she's right we have a race to win." Kaiti told the group.

As Kaiti began swimming Hannah was bouncing from foot to foot doing everything she could to remain subtle. Maggie leaned next to her and said, "I sure hope that bouncing is just nerves and not you having to pee."

"You're really one to talk because last time I checked you have to go now." Hannah said defensively.

"Well yeah you're right but I'm sure I'll be able to make it. But I sure hope you don't. Have you seen the line for the bathroom today. I bet it's super long. I mean I'm sure I can make it, but I doubt that you can." Maggie said.

"Ok very funny but if you'd excuse me I have some swimming to do." Hannah told her ending the conversation praying that the lien wouldn't actually be long for once.

Hannah took her place on the block feeling her lower set of lips quivering as she was holding back a flood, one again worrying about spraying Kaiti and Maggie as she crouched over to dive in. She didn't thankfully, and swam as fast as she could, feeling her bladder swelling in the process as she finished her race. She claimed out of the water and began cheering for Maggie. Now that everyone's eyes were on the pool she took the opportunity to hold herself with both hands.

It felt so relieving but it was short lived as they turned around. Thankfully, nobody saw. As they all began to head back Maggie moved to the ladies room. Hannah was going to follow her but noticed a line, so she tried to try her luck with the girl's locker room again. She was really at her limit now. This was the worst she had to go. As she got in she noticed three girls waiting in line, one of them being her friend Andrea from another school who looked rather desperate as she was holding her self with one hand and bending over at her knees.

"Hey Hannah. I heard you raced really well. I would have watched but I REALLY gotta pee." She said.

"Yeah I picked up on that!" Hannah said trying to joke around.

The toilet flushed and Andrea quickly entered. Hannah knew there was no way shed be able to wait any more but suddenly cam u leith a great idea: peeing in the shower. She didn't know why she hadn't thought of that before. She quickly moved to the shower area. Grabbing her crotch with both hands and crossing her legs as she hobbled to the first shower. She didn't even bother to turn it on. She just leaned against the wall, let go of her crotch, spread her leafs and gushed a massive amount of piss for about two minutes. She felt so lucky for dodging three bullets today, and vowed to be more careful about what she consumed in the future.

His next chapter takes place two weeks after the city championship meet, and involves Hannah's desperation at the state meet.

And Hannah woke up to her alarm at eight in the morning she quickly realized that she really hand to go the bathroom very badly. She grabbed Her court has and hurried into the bathroom to release her flood that she had been containing all night. Today was the day that she headed to the state meet. The bus left at nine and she was the only person in her house and her parents were at work and he brother was at school. She was happy that she hadn't had any bathroom troubles lately except a near miss during an algebra test. That didn't matter though, she had been fine and intended to stay that way.

She took her shower, grabbed her swim bad and duffel bag, and changed into her clothes for the five hour ride to the state venue. She slipped into a Nike thong, the team's yoga pants, (which she ordered a size smaller to show off her butt), a Nike sports bra and a comfortable but now slightly small t shirt. She also grabbed a blanked and pillow so she could sell on the bus. Since only 14 girls were going to state there would be plenty of room on the bus to sleep. Hannah then ate her breakfast: cereal, peanut butter toast, an apple, a glass of orange juice, and a large glass of water.

Normally there would be no way she would drink this much fluid before such a log drive, but the bus had a bathroom in it, so she would be fine. She also filled up her Camelbak with a liter of water before she drove to the school's parking lot where the bus would pick them up. She said hi to her friends and headed to claim her own row in the back near the bathroom, just in case. She then realized with horror that there was a sign on the door that read "Out of Order" do not use.

She was screwed. She had drank a ton of water, and they wouldn't be making a stop until about two and a half hours into the trip for lunch. There was now way she would be able to hold it. She didn't have to go yet but she knew she would soon. Those yoga pants were starting to feel a lot tighter as she felt herself feeling slightly bloated from her large amount of fluids she consumed at breakfast. She pulled them up higher, partly to add pressure to he pussy, and partly to cover her stomach that was poking out. She then laid down hoping to be able to sleep until they arrived for lunch, and being able to run quickly into the restroom once they got there. After they had been on the road for about 15 minutes, she fell asleep.

Hannah awoke as the bus hit a pothole and was at first a bit disoriented. She then remembered that the bus bathroom hadn't been working. She then also realized that she had to go to the bathroom pretty badly. Probably a six on a scale of one to ten. She then checked her phone and realized that they still had about 45 minutes before they would stop. Way more than she would be able to hold it for. She also realized that she had become quite bloated. Since she moved while she was asleep and her stomach was protruding, her pants had slid down so that much of her bladder and a good portion of her thong was visible. She didn't really care since most of the girls near her were asleep, but it was still pretty embarrassing.

She was thinking about what she could do to hold it. Obviously grabbing her crotchety and crossing her legs was important, so she did that under her blanket. She knew that that wouldn't last long so she contemplated her options. Option one was trying to hold it until they got there but probably wetting herself in the process. Option two was trying to sneak into the bathroom and just go, but that could get her into trouble if she got caught. Option three was chugging her Camelbak and trying to pee in it under he blanket. Her problem with that was somebody seeing her, ruining her bottle, and having to pee later. She contemplated for a long time and decided to do her best to hold it for a while and if it got really bad she could go in the bathroom or in her bottle. So for the time being, she grabbed her crotch with both hands, leaned forward, double crossed her legs, and prayed.

To be continued

