If Her Meter Bursts - A Multi-Part Omorashi Romance

Author: Strawbearie

*000*2014-07-09 08:00

At the desk in the back left corner of the room, next to the window, Eiji Tojo sat with his chin resting on his forearm, listlessly staring about the classroom. Usually, gazing thoughtfully out the window would be far more entertaining, but the sun's rays were hitting the window at such an angle that even a cursory glance to his left would have blinded him.

No matter, though, as Eiji fortunately had other things to occupy his mind. Not what the teacher was yammering about, nor what was written on the board, of course. Those were pointless and boring compared to how he usually spent his time: playing with his superpower. Something that occupied and excited him, despite its odd, obscene nature, since he'd discovered he had it when he was seven years old.

With a light pop, audible to no one but himself, Eiji manifested rectangular meters going from zero to one hundred above the heads of everyone in the room, himself included. The meters measured, of all things, the bladder fullness of the person whose head it floated above. Each of his classmates had a different amount of the meter filled: some in the single digits, some hanging in the twenties, and one brimming near sixty over the head of the shy, bespectacled brunette girl on the other end of the room.

Eiji's own meter was around sixty as well, enough to be naggingly uncomfortable, as the glasses girl must've been feeling as well. With a downward motion of his index finger, as if he were lowering the volume on a clock radio, Eiji drained his meter of its glowing yellow liquid filling. The "rules" of his power, however, required him to place what he drained from one person's meter into another person's meter. Eiji wasn't sure exactly why the power worked like that, but it seemed logical enough and he accepted it because it was simply how it'd always been.

Eiji scanned the room, looking for someone to dump his excess meter into. The target of the refill had to be within line of sight, and within twenty yards -- easy enough for a classroom like this, small and packed to the brim, humid and hot in the waning summer afternoon.

Lazily raising his index finger, Eiji filled a blonde female classmate's meter from twenty-five to forty-five. What was her name, again? Eiji briefly wondered as the blonde girl began to readjust her legs, wearing a surprised expression of discomfort. He didn't care whose meter he filled, honestly -- to the friendless loner, everyone in the class was nothing more than a receptacle for his excess meter, and watching the person squirm, no matter who they were, was monumentally entertaining. It mattered so little, in fact, that he began simply waving his fingers at random, filling and emptying his classmates' meters without a haphazard thoughtlessness.

"E-... eek...!"

A shrill gasp caught the attention of the entire room, Eiji included. The bespectacled girl who was at sixty percent before -- what was her name? -- suddenly thrashed in her seat, crossing her legs in an obvious vice grip as sweat beaded down her forehead and flowed around her panicked eyes. Eiji flicked his gaze to the space over her head, where her nearly topped-out meter hung at ninety-five percent full.

Rats.

As much love as Eiji had for the discomfort of those around him, he couldn't bear the thought of actually filling someone's meter to the top. Urine, especially on a hot day like this, especially spilled in the same room as him, was abhorrent! He'd hated the sight, smell, and even the idea of it since before he gained his superpower!

Well, no matter. It was easy enough of a fix, at least. Eiji raised his hand toward the struggling girl -- was her name Emily? -- to lower her meter, but before he could swipe his finger downward, his eyes caught sight of her bravely struggling, smooth, and lightly pimple-spotted face, her long eyelashes brushing delicately against the inner frames of her glasses, and her thick, luscious brown hair as it swayed effortlessly with her body's movements. Wait, huh? Why was he noticing this all of a sudden?

"She's pretty cute."

As the fleeting, meaningless thought crossed Eiji's mind, the bespectacled girl's meter suddenly, with a sound like crackling electricity, went haywire. The meter began to drain and fill repeatedly with no rhyme or reason, with no input from Eiji. The liquid inside turned from yellow to deep red to bright pink, intensifying more and more in glow. Eiji swiped his finger downward frantically, desperately trying to right the shocking, unprecedented situation, all while... what was her name, dangit?!... continued struggling.

Suddenly, the meter vanished altogether.

Eiji tried "resetting" his power, turning it off for everyone and then back on with another pop. Glasses Girl's meter was still missing.

"H-hah..." she whimpered, doubling over at her desk. This caught the attention of even the teacher, Mr. Yoshinobu.

"Is everything alright, Harumi?" the teacher asked monotonously. Aha! So THAT was her name! Right, right... Harumi Etsuko.

"T-toilet..." the girl struggled to say, her voiced pitched several octaves higher than normal. Giggles and snickers began to fill the room.

Eiji stomach churned and went cold. He didn't want the girl to wet herself, both out of his personal distaste for the act and a feeling of pity that had begun welling up within. The meter, however, still hadn't reappeared. This was the first time his superpower had ever malfunctioned! Of all places, of all times, why here, why now, why this particular girl?!

"She's pretty cute." The thought echoed in Eiji's head, stronger this time. Her struggle, her writhing legs, her sweating brow, her glasses, and...!

*drip*

...her urine.

Harumi lost her battle. She looked and sounded absolutely humiliated, sobbing shakily as her bodily fluids drained rapidly, pooling into her seat, staining her uniform's skirt, and spilling over onto the floor with deafeningly loud splashes. Laughter now permeated the room, mingling with the heavy humidity and stench of pee.

Eiji's heart skipped a beat.

"Disgusting!" screamed his brain.

"Disgusting!" shouted his instincts.

"She's... really cute," cooed his heart.

"A... alright, class, go ahead and file out. You're dismissed early today," the teacher stammered over Harumi's cries, "and don't forget your homework and use this... incident... as an excuse!" he added sharply. The laughter began to subside as the class started filtered out, avoiding Harumi's still-spreading, lukewarm puddle and whispering God-knows-what to each other in hushed tones. Eiji was the last in line to leave, walking slowly and deliberately, struggling against the overwhelming urge to crane his neck for a clearer look at the mortified, yet somehow irresistibly adorable girl.

"Ahem, hm. Eiji-kun?" Mr. Yoshinobu called, his voice hoarse after clearing his throat. Eiji froze in place, paralyzed by both fear and surprise.

"Y-yes, sir?" Eiji replied, his voice cracking noticeably.

"I'll need you to help Ms. Etsuko with her things while I get the janitor in here to clean the, er... mess." A weak whine burst from Harumi's throat at the end of the teacher's sentence. Eiji audibly gulped.

Turning around, praying desperately his flushed cheeks weren't noticeable, Eiji Tojo made eye contact with the misty, damp, bespectacled eyes of the impossibly cute brunette girl he just made wet herself.

To be continued~<3

*004*2014-07-09 08:43

I'm very glad you all liked it! I'll try to keep the updates coming at a decent enough pace :)

*007*2014-07-09 09:48

Hm. I like the flavor substitutions give. Like, the teacher doesn't actually have a stammer, but he did stammer out that sentence. Therefore, stammered :)

I'll look into it, though, and change accordingly based on what I come up with. I'm sure I can convey it better with actions rather than speaking words, but hey, why not both? I prefer writing how I want things to sound rather than what's right -- most of the time, at least.

I do quite enjoy the input, though! A little constructive criticism makes my day :)

*010*2014-07-09 21:20

So glad everyone's liking it! I should have the next update out in just a few days :)

*013*2014-07-10 06:59

Excited camels are always nice to see!

*017*2014-07-14 10:26

"Now, if you'll please excuse me, I need to fetch the janitor." Mr. Yoshinobu said, looking clearly uncomfortable both from the temperature of the room and from the awkward situation. He dabbed sweat from his forehead as he left the room, letting the door close with a click behind him.

Harumi broke eye contact with Eiji and instead stared intently, unblinkingly at her desk. Eiji looked away as well, nervously scratching the back of his head while looking upward toward the dusty back corner of the room. He had no desire to be the one to break the silence, but the janitor would be back in no time, followed by the bell, which would fill the halls with witnesses. Someone had to speak before then, and since Eiji's carelessness was the cause of all this...

"So, uh... let's go, alright?" Eiji said, the sudden breaking of silence startling Harumi slightly. She shifted nervously in her seat, seemingly torn between the discomfort of sitting there and the embarrassment of standing up.

Eiji took initiative and walked to her desk (avoiding stepping into the portion of her puddle that had spread into the aisle), then picked up her books. Harumi looked up, her tear-filled eyes meeting Eiji's.

*thump, thump*

Eiji's heart slammed against his chest, leaping for joy. He nearly fainted, overwhelmed by his classmate's unbelievable cuteness. Her glasses were adorably fogged up by the heat and humidity, and her tear stained cheeks glistened a beautiful cherry red in the bright afternoon sun. Eiji couldn't help but to swell up and think incredibly cheesy, uncharacteristic-of-him thoughts.

"A-alright. I'm so sorry..." Harumi squeaked apologetically, her voice breaking between every syllable. From what Eiji remembered, she was a shy girl to begin with -- her accident must have utterly ruined her self-esteem. A deep pit of guilt formed in the superpowered boy's stomach. All this was his fault.

Harumi's knees shook as she stood, a few cold drops of urine dripping from her skirt and snaking down her thighs, something Eiji would normally find repulsive. Not with Harumi, though. Not even the pungent smell of her accident made him flinch, instead igniting his veins and sending a youthful passion surging throughout his body.

At that moment, Eiji vowed to himself that he would never again let this girl be embarrassed.

The now-hotblooded youth headed for the door, Harumi silently stepping over her own puddle after him, and glanced out the door's window. From what little he could see, none of the students from class were still standing outside. Good. Only nine minutes remained in this period, so they'd have to work fast. Eiji held up his finger behind him, indicating that Harumi wait, then opened the door and peered outside. Clear both ways, save for some loose fliers littering the hallway floor. Perfect.

"Locker first, or bathroom?" Eiji asked the quivering girl behind him. She ducked her head and embarrassedly stammered out her answer.

"B-bathroom. I... need to... call my... mom... fr-... om... a stall..." she said, trailing off into indecipherable mumbles. Her nervous sidewards gaze was a clear indication that this was not a conversation she was comfortable having at all. Inwardly, Eiji was glad she was so embarrassed -- Harumi's hard-to-understand mumbles endeared her to him even more.

Cutiness of the situation aside, though, Eiji was worried. They had a lot of ground to cover to get to the bathroom, down two hallways and past many potentially-open doors along the way. He lacked a jacket or anything else of the sort to cover Harumi's obviously wet plaid pink skirt, and even that wouldn't cover her amber-streaked white leggings. The girl was a complete mess -- an adorable mess, but a mess nonetheless.

"Alright, we'll need to work fast. Can you keep a quick pace?"

Harumi sniffled, then nodded. Quickly, Eiji swung the door open, checked the halls once more, and waved all clear. Harumi followed closely behind him, stepping quickly with stiff legs, as Eiji left the room and began swiftly working his way to the school's facilities.

The two were only ten yards into their trip when a giggling group of three girls emerged from a distant room ahead of them, talking obnoxiously loud amongst themselves.

Harumi gasped softly in fear, while Eiji maneuvered himself to be directly in front of his companion to block her from the group's sight. Had it been any other group of students, they possibly would have been able to sneak past them as they loitered in the hallway. These girls, however, were that clique. The clique every school has -- snide, rude, delinquent girls who'd harass you if you so much as looked at them. At least, that's how Eiji knew them to be from the snippets of conversation he'd overheard in the past. Never before had they actually crossed paths with him.

So, why now?

The gears in Eiji's head turned quickly, faster than he'd ever allowed them to for classes or studies. Harumi could, maybe... walk beside him, against the wall, while he blocked her from the side? But they'd still see her from the back as the two walked away... maybe another route through the halls? But that'd take even longer, along with more potential student encounters!

Wait, duh.

"I have a superpower!"

The urgency of Eiji's current predicament along with his sudden infatuation with Harumi had fogged Eiji's mind. His power! The stupid, pointless thing that'd caused this whole mess in the first place!

With an almost cartoonish pop, the three bully girls' meters manifested over their heads. The lead girl, of whom the other two were lackeys, had a forty percent filled meter, while the other two had thirty percent meters each. It added up perfectly -- and Eiji knew exactly whose meter to fill. After all, a group falls apart without its leader.

As soon as Eiji was in range, he discreetly drained the sidekicks' meters. Immediately after, he pointed at the big-breasted, blonde haired leader with the obnoxious pink headband, and filled her meter all the way to the brim without hesitation. The results were instantaneous.

"H-... hyii...!" the golden-haired leader screeched, jumping back into one of the others. Eiji caught a glimpse of light refracting from a stream of droplets falling to the floor between the leader's legs. Harumi stopped for just a moment in surprise, but Eiji turned and motioned her to hurry while the two still had time.

"H-holy crap, disgusting!" one of the lackeys screeched, furious, "you're seriously wetting yourself?! Get away!" Eiji caught one last glimpse of the clique's leader, who'd collapsed to her knees with a clear puddle spreading steadily beneath her, before he and Harumi turned the corner and the scene fell out of sight.

The restrooms weren't far now, the male and female signs visible at the end of the long hall. Even better, not a single door the entire way there was open!

And, just according to their luck, that was when a door was thrust open behind them.

"T-toilet, toilet..." Eiji heard -- a female voice not belonging to Harumi, "a-ah, excuse me..." she said as she bumped into Harumi, apparently not noticing the state of Harumi's soaking clothes. She sped past the pair, her heels clicking loudly on the wooden floors. The girl didn't look like anyone Eiji knew (not that Eiji knew many people), having short brown hair tied to the side with a thin white ribbon. Her destination and Harumi's were clearly the same, and if Harumi went in after the side-tailed girl, her accident would surely be found out.

Luckily, unlike last time, Eiji immediately remembered his power, and checked the speeding girl's meter. Ninety-two! No wonder she was struggling so hard, barely separating her legs as she walked. From what Eiji could see of her face, the girl wasn't trying to hide her desperation at all, scrunching her eyes tightly and biting her lower lip. She even went as far as to hold herself between her thighs, pushing her skirt up between her legs. Well, that's just asking for a mess...

Regardless, though, she was clearly just on the brink of overflowing -- excellent! Another simple obstacle to defeat.. or, well, it should have been, anyway.

There was no one around whose meter Eiji could borrow from. The empty halls that were once a blessing were now a curse, lacking anyone Eiji could use his power on. Even his own meter was only at two percent, and Harumi's was still, bafflingly, missing. He couldn't seem manipulate her meter at all, even blindly.

Wait, no, he was going about the problem all wrong! Sure, he could prevent the sidetail girl from going to the bathroom by making her wet herself, but also by emptying her bladder into someone else so she no longer had to go! Of course, since there was no secondary target available, Eiji would need to use himself as the receptacle. He was sure he could handle it. Harumi needed him to.

With two deft flicks of his finger, Eiji drained the girl with the sidetail, then poured it into his own meter, all the way up to ninety-four percent.

The pressure was immense, almost unbearable. Eiji clenched his teeth and suppressed a cry. Is this the pain the girl in front of him had been feeling? The pain he'd caused Harumi, along with so many others?! The superpowered boy began to despair, but... there was a mission to accomplish! He couldn't be weighed down by morality now!

Eiji pushed both his thoughts and his pain out of his mind, once again focusing in on his goal. The sidetailed girl had stopped in her tracks, blinking in confusion and staring at the front of her skirt as if something wet should be there. Eiji and Harumi sped past her, the former falling behind the latter to protect her from the gaze of the sidetailed girl.

The pair arrived at the toilets without further incident. Eiji was relieved both for his companion and for himself, as his now-ninety-six percent filled meter pushed on him strongly.

"Th-thanks..." Harumi said, barely audible, before hurriedly entering the girls' facilities. Eiji waited for the sound of a stall door closing before heading to the bathroom himself.

Seconds later, Eiji's meter sat comfortably at zero, and he stood outside the bathroom clutching Harumi's books. She emerged a minute later, a bit earlier than Eiji'd expected for a phonecall and a cleanup. Her leggings were stripped off, probably in the bathroom's garbage now, and her skirt was noticeably drier. Her eyes, however, remained as moist as before, if not moreso.

"Is... everything alright, Etsuko?" Eiji asked apprehensively, too nervous to use her first name.

"M-my mom... she isn't home..." Harumi replied, lip quivering, "sh-she's on a business trip until tomorrow morning, I just remembered... Sh-she can't come pick me up..."

"Well... you could just go to classes normally," Eiji said, struggling to speak given the nervous dryness of his mouth, "I mean, you can't tell, um...what happened... anymore." Eiji flushed and looked away. Maintaining eye contact with the bespectacled girl was impossible when on the subject of her accident.

"N-no...! They'll all... make fun of me so much. Everyone will know as soon as the bell rings!" Harumi said in a panic. "Please, please... get me out of here. Take me home before anyone can see me, I'm begging you..."

Eiji's heart sank. As much as he wanted to give Harumi what she so desperately wanted, their school had an extremely strict sign-out requirement for students to leave early. Doors were locked, and off-duty teachers kept an eye on each exit. Even if he could find an unlocked door, Eiji would have to get by them.

He looked down at his companion's tear-stained face. Such beautiful hair, though matted with the day's sweat and humidity. Her legs, too, were incredible looking without the leggings to cover them, completely smooth save for a few stray, barely-noticeable sunbleached hairs.

It was impossible to get out of the school! But... it was his fault she was in this situation! Fate and carelessness left her beautiful face in this damp, reddened, ashamed state it was in now... all because of Eiji. The doors were locked. The bell would ring soon. There was no way they would be able to get out of there unseen. It was impossible.

"Alright, Etsuko. Follow my directions exactly, and I'll get you out of here. I promise."

Harumi looked up at Eiji with shining eyes and the first smile he'd ever seen her wear. A jolt of electricity shot from his heart to each corner of his body.

Time to keep an impossible promise.

*019*2014-07-14 10:37

{{: 

It's very good that Eiji-kun is learning a little social responsibility. I wouldn't like to be in a class with him as he was before, as a pretty lady I'd be constantly having my meter filled past bursting until I had to attend class in diapers.

}}

That gives me all kinds of ideas :D

*021*2014-07-15 01:42

Just as a heads up, next update will be about a week. Not as bursting with ideas as I was for these first two :)

*024*2014-07-22 04:23

It's going to be a few days more, guys, sorry. Hectic times.

Also, if anyone wants to post character names to use, I have a few open slots for people's names I wouldn't mind y'all filling in.

