Arbor Gold-A GOT Fanfic

Author: One trick pony

*000*2014-08-11 04:36

I couldn't find any song of ice and fire fanfics so I decided to write my own. I haven't written anything in years, but I hope it's good fun. SPOILER WARNING.

The Story takes place after Lord Tywin's death. AFFC readers should find it familiar..

Cersei

A golden sun had set over king’s landing by the time the small council meeting drew to close. Cersei looked out upon the glistening surface of Blackwater bay and felt the ache in her bladder. The meeting had lasted a small eternity as always, with Pycelle droning on and Rosby breaking out in coughing fits whenever he spoke. Perhaps I should have appointed Ilyn Payne. The man was mute but at least he didn’t try her nerves like this sorry bunch.

She poured herself another glass of arbor gold and gazed out the window. Autumn was clearly drawing to a close. She wore a red gown trimmed with sable and tights beneath but it had not being enough to keep out the cold. It was always worse when it was cold.

‘As I said, t-t-t-t-the-the lords of the stormlands be-be-beg our leave to return to their fields. The long winter is coming an-an-an-and-and..’

Cersei shifted uncomfortably against her seat. The tightness of the gown drew men’s eyes wherever she went but it did little to hide the bulge in her belly. The new cotton fabric pulled uncomfortably tight against her bladder but she didn’t dare shift her position to ease the pain. She was a Queen and a queen cannot ask leave to use the privy, no matter how urgent the need. I cannot reveal my desperation. The walls of the red keep have ears and if word gets out that the Queen couldn’t hold her waters, they will giggle in court and laugh at her in the streets of Fleabottom. I am a Lion of Casterly Rock. I will not show my weakness.

The ways of highborn maidens were strange as they were cruel. Peasant girls will declare their need and go off to squat in the bushes but a lady had to signal her need through discreet gestures to her handmaidens, who would scurry off to find a chamberpot while their mistress made her excuses. Even so, her father Lord Tywin rarely allowed her to leave during feasts and banquets. He had a bladder of steel and expected the family to follow in his stead.

She reached for her glass but stopped at the memory of Kevan Lannister’s 50th name-day. It was her first time tasting wine and she had drank 3 glasses of it with the roasted boar. Soon a different kind of gold making its presence felt below. A good 300 of her father’s bannermen were in attendance but Cersei noticed only the pain in her bladder. Under the tablecloths of the hightable, she squirmed and fidgeted, trying to find a comfortable position to settle while the lickspittle lords and knights followed toast after toast. Finally it was too much and she begged permission to leave, stumbling off the dais and nearly wetting herself in the great hall.

Only she didn’t quite make it.

Jaime was busy talking to a bored Lord Royce but the imp had noticed her discomfort and followed her to her chambers. When she was about to squat down to relieve herself, Tyrion had snatched up the chamber pot and ran away as fast as his stunted legs could carry. Please, Tyrion, Please no. She could remembered the wicked sneer on the imp’s face and his taunting wave of the chamberpot.

She remembered the warm, shameful wetness running down her legs as he waddled away with a servant in chase, shouting m’lord m’lord when it was too late.

It was years ago, but the sneer remained to haunt her. A Proud Lion losing it in her small clothes. The memory would come rushing back whenever Tyrion grinned his ugly face at her. Everytime she felt the need to pee, Tyrion’s sneer would reappear, mocking her need.

‘Your Grace?’

The sound of Lord Qyburn’s voice brought her back to the small council chamber.

‘What were we discussing?’

‘As I was saying, your grace.’ Qyburn began ‘There have been disturbing rumours that a massive fleet has been spotted sailing in the waters outside Braavos. I have not been able to confirm the identity of the ships. Some claim that..’

Waters. Suddenly and inexplicably, she felt hot spurt escape and wet the gusset of her smallclothes. In the cold weather, she could feel the coin-sized warmth rubbing against her clit. She felt another surge of hot piss threatening to burst forth as her bladder screamed for relief and she was forced to clench her thighs together with a loud clap.

Cersei could hardly breathe for fear that her small council would notice her desperation. She examined each of the lords in turn but none of them seem to have heard the clap or noticed her movements under the table. She was now shuffling her legs and squirming visibly beneath her red gown, trying to master the urges that threatened to overspill. Thank god I’ve chosen this flock of fools.

‘Your Grace, I would advise that you build a new fleet of dromonds to tackle these pirates, I would gladly drive them off for you.’ Chirped the Master of Ships.

‘Your Grace, the water would be better patrolled by a ex-ex-ex-experienced ss-s-s-sailor, perhaps Lord Redwyne of the Ar-r-r-r-bor would be..’Pycelle interrupted.

‘You would leave our defence to up-jumped grape merchant?’

Another spurt escaped. For the first time in a long time, she felt afraid.

‘That’s enough’ Cersei screamed. ‘I will not have this bickering in my small council, the matters half a world away do not concern the realm. We shall discuss this on the morrow.’

‘But your g-gr-ge-grace, these ships could be carrying sellswords to the..to the usurper Stannis Baratheon. If we do not act now…’ The Grandmaester whimpered.

She could feel the fullness and warmth against the fabric. They would not dare vex lord tywin so. ‘Should I rip out your ears Grandmaester? You don’t seem to use them. I said that the matter was over.’

Pycelle opened his mouth and closed it again.

‘This meeting is dismissed, please take your leave. Lord Commander, escort me back to my chambers.’ Her desperation seem to ease as the lords took their leave and shuffled out the door, leaving only her golden-haired brother. There was still the walk back to her chambers. Her legs felt weak struggling against the pee and her head felt dizzy from the length of the hold. She took a large sip of the wine to try and brace herself for the journey.

Jaime offered her an arm and she took it gratefully. Cersei Lannister rose unsteadily from her seat, red-faced and weak from her efforts and the wine. She could feel the waters sloshing about inside her as she made her way to the door. It’s alright, they’ve all gone. Perhaps they were just as eager to leave and relieve themselves. Cersei envied them. They did not understand the difficulty of being a lady. Of being a strong queen.

Relief. I need Relief. As they were making their way down the stairs, she lost control once again and leaked. Peeing for almost a full second before she squeezed her legs together and stopped the flow. Cersei bit her lip, her woollen smallclothes were thoroughly wet and clung to her legs. She could feel the warm wetness on the inside of her long shapely thighs. She felt eyes watching her and once again, Tyrion’s sneer.

For a moment, she was twelve years old again, red-faced and helpless. A poor little girl, hobbling with desperation as she tried to remember the way to the privy. Tears streaming down her cheeks as every turn revealed yet another long corridor in the maze of Casterly Rock

No, I must not let them see my tears. A Lion does not weep.

Jaime sensed the tension in her body. ‘Sweet sister, if you can’t help it, we can go to White Sword Tower. It is much closer’

‘NO.’ Her brother never understood. If she went anywhere else, people would know and people would talk. ‘Just help me back to my room’ She struggled forward, every step leading her closer to relief. Whether the relief came in her clothes or in a chamberpot, she dare not think.

Whenever a servant passed, she had to stop and admire the view. They made their way across the Red Keep, taking small mincing steps. Every few minutes or so, she would stop to hold herself between her legs when no one was watching. Waves of desperation wracked her body and she needed to catch her breath or her bladder would simply lose it over the carpets. She couldn’t remember being so desperate in court. Even that time with Tyrion in Casterly Rock did not seem half so painful as this day.

I am a Queen, Tywin’s daughter. Not some weak-bladdered peasant girl. I will not have an accident. And yet, she already had. The warmth between her legs was so pleasant in the cold weather and so shameful a reminder that the Queen of the seven kingdoms and the protector of the realm had already peed herself a little, no different from a seven year old girl. What would Tommen and Myrcella say if they they found out?

It seemed forever before they reached the privacy of her chambers. Jaime had half helped and half carried her at the end. It was more taxing than the Battle of Blackwater bay. When the door finally slammed shut behind her, she nearly collapsed and lost it on the spot. No, Not here, I am so close. Just a wee bit more.

Her bedwarmer Lady Taena Merryweather welcomed her back from a hard day. No doubt she must have heard the door slam. Taena of the dark almond skin and sultry eyes. Taena who shared her bed.

‘Good evening, Your-‘

She had no time for pleasantries. ‘Quick, find me a chamberpot.’ Before I wet myself.

In the privacy of her chamber, Cersei no longer cared. She jammed her smooth white hands between her thighs and danced on the spot like a little girl. Every moment was sheer agony. She bit her lip and whimpered as Taena rummaged around hurriedly for the golden chamberpot. Mercy, please. Cersei prayed. Don’t let me wet myself. Don’t let me pee myself. The knowledge that no one would see made it all the harder to hold back her pee. Her desperation grew exponentially in the familiar surroundings. Her body was betraying her even as the mind pleaded for just a few seconds more.

It’s going to come out at any moment. Oh god, oh gods. I am not going to make it. She no longer counted the spurts and lapses and leaks. Cersei did not even feel the moistness of the taut cotton in her fingers. Just let me pee before I lose everything in my gown.

Lady Merryweather and her handmaiden rushed in with a chamberpot, gilded gold and gleaming like a stream of warm wee.

The sight of it was too much for Cersei Lannister and she felt the dribbles running uncontrollably down her thighs and calves. The warm pee pooled in her thick smallclothes before exploding in a thick stream through the cotton. Her gown of proud Lannister red darkened with patches of urine with astonishing quickness. Even as she soiled herself, Cersei refused to let go. Her hands were still jammed tightly in her darkening crotch as she scrambled for the chamberpot, trickling and leaking as she went.

In one fell swoop, she ripped the stained gown from her thighs. Her smallclothes were utterly soaked with urine, with rivulets dripping off the back. On her grey woollen tights, there were long dark streaks that ran from crotch to feet. A loud sigh filled the room when she squatted over the chamberpot, a sigh of both relief and pleasure as the Queen of Westeros peed loudly and powerfully through her tights and undergarments. The red keep seemed to echo the loud hiss of Cersei’s agonised release and the sound of the piss spraying violently against the cold metal. I made it. Almost.

Thank the gods no one saw. The piss was so hot that steam rose from the chamberpot and the puddle around it. A line of stains on the carpet showed where the trickle of urine had escaped as she moved to reach her relief. She moaned in the sheer ecstasy of the moment and sensed the tears rising in her throat. I just couldn’t help it. I’ve wet myself for the first time in years. She heard the Tyrion’s laughter and thought she glimpsed his evil grin in the corner of her eye. No sweet sister, you’re WETTING yourself for the first time in years.

She peed for a full minute. By the time her bladder was empty, the floor resembled the water gardens in Dorne and her clothes were sodden. A naughty little girl who couldn’t hold her wee.

She felt Lady Taena Merryweather’s soft hand on her shoulder as she fought back the sobs. ‘It’s quite alright your grace, I have little accidents sometimes.’

She wanted to slap the Myrish girl. No it was not alright. She was the Queen of westeros and a queen must be strong. NO one must ever know of her accident. Cersei stripped off her wet clothes and spoke in her sweetest voice. ‘Taena, sweetling. Tell no one what you saw’

‘Of course, your grace. It will be..’

‘Take the clothes out to my private garden and burn them, take care that no one sees you.’ She’ll silence the other handmaiden herself. This…. This weakness must be kept a secret at all costs. She could not hope to sit the iron throne with the sniggers and japes behind her back.

‘Your grace, If you have difficulty h….difficulties. We can arrange for a Maester to examine you, I’ve heard that your… problem can be remedied.’

Does she take me for a weakling? Cersei fought back her blush and anger. ‘No sweetling, I’m alright. I’ve had a lot of wine and I’ve being waiting an entire afternoon.’

Lady Merryweather smiled nervously at Cersei as she spoke:

‘I beg your pardon, but your grace was only gone for an hour.’

*002*2014-08-12 06:17

I'm glad you enjoyed it. I got tired of watiing myself. Writing a chapter on Sansa next..

*004*2014-08-13 08:40

Sansa

In the dark, I am the knight of flowers. She dreamed of the royal bedchamber she had shared with Tyrion. Only this time it was not the imp, but the handsome Ser Loras who shared her bed. She could see the moon over the bay. Ser Loras pressed himself insistently against her and Sansa did not resist. Her hands wandered through his artful tumble of brown curls, so close she could smell the roses. She felt her hands caressing his smooth, silky back.

He’s shirtless and breathless. She did not know whether to feel frightened or delighted. She knew she did not want it to end, she did not want Loras to stop planting those teasing kisses on her lips. She wanted him to nibble her ear and rub his chin against her milky neck. Some small part of her knew that it was a dream but she wanted it to go on forever, tangling in the seaside breeze.

A hint of desperation surfaced in the dream. Sweetness changed to tension as Sansa sensed the fullness of her bladder. No, just a little while more. She rubbed herself even more fervently against the boy’s slim, lithe body and bit those dimpled cheeks. She wrapped her legs around him, trying to hold on against the flood. Once I go, he will never come back. Outside the door, only Joffrey and Ilyn Payne waited.

Her desperation rose quickly now that she had noticed it. She pulled herself on top of Loras, intending to leave, but it was so cold that she couldn’t tear herself away from the bed. So cold but it was warm between her legs. To her horror, she saw herself losing control and releasing a torrent of warm piss onto the knight’s milky chest. Warm wee and dusky roses. What have I done. Golden sunshine poured into the window and everything seemed even more beautiful than ever. To her surprise, Loras grabbed her even more feverishly than before. She held his boyish cheeks against her own and emptied herself in the morning light.

The scene faded into a golden blur. Sansa heard the loud hissing of the wind and a distant crying. Daylight was creeping across the grey stone walls of the Eyrie, harsh and bright. She turned and buried her face into her pillow, trying to will herself back into the dream. Just for a little while, please come back.

It was useless. The knight of flowers and the summer warmth had crept away with the darkness. Sansa was in the Vale, trapped with Mya stone and Sickly Robin Arryn and his wrinkled maester. Such a wicked dream, and strange. You are so sweet to visit me in my sleep, my knight, but you shouldn’t…

Panic seized her as she remembered the last part. She felt fear move in her belly as she threw back her quilts.

Sansa glanced stupidly for a second at her own legs. They were girlish slim and dry as the Dornish Sands. She sighed and threw herself back into the cushions, relieved that she had not wet herself in her sleep. The mess would have been so much trouble. Maddy and Haley were always complaining about how they had to clean up Robin’s accidents.

Did I lose control or was it Loras? She closed her eyes and tried to remember but the dream was fading quickly as the harsh winter sun stole into the castle. It was all mixed up together. The warmth of the urine, the summer heat, the golden sunshine of dawn.

It’s all gone…but not for long. She started having these love dreams not long after her arrival in the vale. There had been handsome knights before, of course, but she had never dreamed them naked and in the same bed. Never with their bodies touching me. Cersei and her own mother had warned her about the ‘changes’ but Cersei was a drunk lout and her own mother was painfully vague. She had asked Maester Colemon about them but he only turned red as a carrot and mumbled. Perhaps a glass of dreamwine would help…

Sansa was not sure if she wanted them to pass. The Eyrie was such a lonely place and days would pass when she had no one to speak to. Robin was ill in bed with the Maester fussing over him. Mya stone was taciturn as a mule. Lord Petyr and Lothor Brune were in Gulltown. I have no friends but the mountains and the howling wind. Sadly, she realized that these dreams, which made her feel so dirty and unlady-like were all that she had to look forward to.

Most nights it was the knight of flowers who held her. Or was it Margaery? The two siblings looked awfully alike. Sometimes, she couldn’t remember the face, only her own flustered breathlessness. Is there something wrong with me? Perhaps Lord Baelish or Margaery would know. Even so, she couldn’t ask them about that odd part. In the dreams, she could always feel her bursting bladder, taut and aching. She wanted relief but she was filled with apprehension. I would always awake, just as I start…

No. It must be her body’s way of waking her up. It doesn’t matter anyway, I’ve never wet the bed. That was Arya’s weakness and Jeyne Poole’s on occasion, but never me.

She would have lain there all morning but there was a fullness in her bladder that could not wait. Winter had come to the vale and draped its mountains in pure white robes. So beautiful and so cold. Sansa danced and fidgeted, hopping from one foot to another as she put on her warm smallclothes, her woollen hose, her tunic in tully colours and the fur cloak that Lord Baelish had gifted her. The dull colors and thick layers made her look like a penguin. By the time I reach the privy, I’ll have to remove everything and sit on the cold stone.

It’s almost as cold as the north here. Her need to pee turned her thoughts back to Arya. Arya, Arya, my lost sister where are you? Sansa refused to believe that her sister was dead. They had bickered more often than not in Winterfell and in King’s Landing but she missed her solely in this cold solitude. She missed her short, torn breeches and her messy brown hair. She missed her vexing wildness. If I find you, Arya. I would hold on and never let you go. I will never argue or be angry with you again.

Sansa made her way towards the privy. Her bladder had filled to uncomfortable fullness in the long winter night, but nobody would have guessed it from her easy grace. The Septa was always impressed with Sansa’s perfect composure and restraint, her ability to sit for hours on end reading and sewing. She didn’t know how I was trembling and leaking underneath. She wanted to be the perfect lady for her future prince and it seemed un-becoming to ask for a chamberpot. I was such a silly girl.

Still, it proved to be a useful experience. It had been 15 hours since her last pee and Sansa would not have minded waiting for another hour or two. Your control is remarkable, sis. Too bad they don’t hold tourneys for such things. If they did, Arya would do well to stay away. Her little sister could ride a horse and shoot an arrow, but she rarely cared to hold her waters. Arya always did what she wanted, when she wanted….with some unsightly consequences. Sansa remembered those lessons with Maester Luwin and Septa Mordane.

She would sit patiently, still as a sphinx while Arya squirmed and fidgeted in her seat. She would bite her lip and cross her legs and even jam her hands under her waist cords, much to the Septa’s disdain. It was the only time she heard her sister beg. Please, please let me go, I swear it won’t happen again. Of course, Mordane and Luwin would let her leave with a stern warning…. Only to hear the same excuse not 1 hour later. Please, please. This time it’s serious. I really have to go.

The memories of her sister brought a smile to her face. For a moment, the empty castle was filled with the laughter and madness of childhood games and promises. Arya horseface. Arya pissypants. The latter name had got to her more than she would ever admit. Her sister was a poor holder, no one would dispute that. But the name was my fault and mine alone.

Lord Yohn Royce had come north with his youngest son, Waymar, who wanted to take the black. Sansa had fallen madly in love with the sable-trimmed Ser Waymar Royce. It was the height of summer and the whole castle had decamped for a hunt in the Wolfswood.

They were walking next to a stream, trying to find their way back to the dais.

‘Ser Waymar would a make a wonderful Lord Commander, He is strong and brave and he is a honourable kn-‘

‘NO He’s not. I heard Mikken say that he’s not ready. He only knows how to fight with shield and sword. He can’t use a bow or a spear and he doesn’t even know how to skin a rabbit. Mikken says the winter will eat him up and spit him out like a-‘

‘What would Mikken know about the Watch? He’s a blacksmith.’ Sansa felt the anger rising in her cheeks. She ruins everything, just by talking about it.

‘Just because you want him to kiss you doesn’t make him a good Nights’ Watchman.’

‘SHUT UP. I DON’T want to kiss him.’

‘Oh really? That’s not what-‘

‘I said SHUT UP, Someone might hear us and-‘

‘-What you said in your sleep last night. You were hugging your pillow and I heard you say Lord Commander Royce.’

‘No I didn’t…‘ Sansa blushed red as her auburn hair. Arya was rolling on the ground laughing so hard she sounded like she would choke. When she recovered enough, she grabbed a branch and stroked it, pouting her lips. ‘Kiss me, Lord Commander stick.’

‘Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone about your secret undying love’

Sansa was so ashamed and enraged that she nearly admitted it on the spot.

‘You’d better not… and it never happened anyway.’

‘Maybe I’ll tell Jon snow. He can pass on your love since you are so shy.’

‘DON’T tell ANYONE or I’ll-‘

Arya only laughed ‘Or else what, you going to tell the Septa? I bet she already knows.’ The joke seemed so droll, Arya broke out in another fit of snorting laughter.

Sansa could only storm forward in angry silence. Her sister was so annoying. I hope a wolf jumps out and drags her off right now.

The girls continued, walking in circles and trying to find their way back.

‘Sansa, stop’

‘I think we’re almost there’

‘Stop. I need to pee.’ Arya sounded curt. She’s always curt when she is embarrassed.

‘We can’t stop, we have to make it back before lunchtime or mother will be cross again’

Her sister was too proud to argue so they walked on. Before long, they found themselves next to the stream for the third time. Arya rolled her eyes and slumped her shoulders.

‘You are stupid. I’m going to pee.’

‘You’re always going to go pee. You are a little baby who can’t hold her wee.’ Sansa blurted out.

This is time it was Arya’s turn to blush.

‘I had a lot to drink before we left.’ Her sister replied shortly.

‘That’s a lie, I saw you at breakfast. You only had half a cup of mulled wine at breakfast.’

‘Well… I had one cup before you came…And I ate porridge for breakfast. Porridge is nine-tenths water and it makes me have to go.’

‘That’s nonsense. I had a bowl of porridge as well. You don’t see me squirming like a little girl.’

It was true. Once Arya needed to go, she could never hide it. She was squirming and shifting her feet incessantly, trying to ignore the trickling of the stream.

‘Alright, alright, you win. Not everyone has a bladder made of Valyrian steel like you. I asked Maester Luwin about it and he said there was nothing wrong with me now help me-‘

The thought that Arya cared enough to trouble Maester Luwin pleased Sansa wickedly.

‘Sssshhhhhhhhhhhhh. Waterfalls. Hot springs. Pouring wine.’

‘Stop that. Stop it. I’m going to lose it in my pants.’

‘Sshhhhhh. You can just do it, it won’t be the first time. Shhhhh. Remember the visit to White Harbour-‘

‘Come oooonnnnnn. I said stop it.’

‘-Shhhh. Lord Manderly laid out fresh sheets and you peed in them. Ssssssssshhhh’

‘Please Sansa, I’m seriously going to wet myself if you don’t stop.’

She’s using the word please. She must be really bursting. Her sister was a practically a boy except when she needed a wee. It was the only time she behaved the lady. Sansa made her suffer a while more. Her sister had her legs pressed firmly together and her body hunched forward. She seemed unsure whether her hands should be pressed against her crotch or bunched into fists at her side. Her eyes would lose their mischief and acquire a dreamy quality, gazing forlorn into the distance.

‘Please please please please please stop. I think some of it leaked out.’

‘Alright you big baby, go behind that oak tree, I’ll look out for you.’

Arya’s relief was palpable in her voice. ‘THANK YOU. I swear I won’t tell about Waymar-‘

‘GO before I change my mind.’

Her sister scrambled off gratefully to relieve herself. The forest was so still she could hear Arya struggling with the laces on her breeches.

Even now, Sansa couldn’t remember why she did what she did.

‘ARYA GET OUT. THERE’S A WOLF!’ Sansa cried.

‘Wha-

Sansa screamed for what it’s worth.

Arya leapt out from behind a tree with her wooden sword and Sansa kneeled over with hysterical laughter. Arya’s pants were unlaced and she could see the white of her underclothes peeking out. Only they weren’t white for long, a shining yellow stain was spreading.

It happened so quickly. Her brown woolen pant legs were dark and glistening. Arya realized the joke and tried frantically to get her pants down. In her haste, she forgot to drop her wooden sword and only tumbled backwards into a bush and peed even harder. Her bottoms were soaked from her waist to her feet and urine dripped from her ankles, forming small puddles around her feet.

She’s peeing in her clothes. Sansa watched, utterly bewitched by the scene. She couldn’t tear her eyes away from her sister having a massive accident. I’m so wicked. That was unworthy of me. Still, she watched in fascination, she’d always imagine what would happen but she had never witnessed a real accident.

The entire wolfswood smelled of urine. I shouldn’t have done that, I should apologize. She reached forward to embrace Arya but something stopped her. What’s going on? Why can’t I move? Gales of laughter filled the woods as men and women appeared from behind bushes and trees. Sansa saw Robb with a crown and Jon snow in black and Theon Greyjoy hooting in derision. Even Lady Catelyn couldn’t stifle a small chuckle. What have I done to my poor sister?

Arya stared at her in anger. Sansa felt her own bladder filling up with astonishing speed. Her desperation grew by the second but she could not move. A pair of slim arms restrained her, soft and smooth they pressed tightly against her bulging stomach. Loras, I’m still dreaming. She could feel her brown curls against her neck. She felt a burst of joy at his reappearance…and a dull pain where he squeezed her poor swollen bladder.

‘Let me go, ser, I need to-‘

He spoke with Margaery’s mellow tones. ‘Do you, really?’

It’s just a dream. ‘Yes, good ser. Pl-please let go of me-‘

‘You seem to enjoy watching your sister well enough. And Queen Cersei.’ What? No! You only danced attendance around her court because she drank so much wine. You were waiting for the day when she her squirming became an accident.

‘No, I don’t. I DON’T. I swear-‘

Admit it, you pretend to be such a proper lady but you enjoy watching and waiting and watching. My wicked Sansa Stark. I saw you fill and refill my brother’s cup in the gardens. What were you trying to do?

‘No please I was just curious. I swear by the old gods and-‘

‘Do you, really? Then why am I still here? This your dream and yet you have me hugging your bursting bladder’

It’s just a dream. Sansa felt breathless. Her bladder was throbbing and her heart was beating wildly in her chest. She inhaled but the air seemed so thick and so sweet with roses and hot musky wee. Margaery is so strong, or was it Loras? Everything faded into a golden blur. Yes. It’s just a dream.

She awoke with a start in the cold Eyrie. No, Not now. A puddle gleamed around the bench where she sat half-dressed and half-asleep. I’m still peeing. Sansa clenched her legs together to try and stop the flow but the stream was too strong. Too late. It trickled down in streaks along her legs and pooled around her buttocks. She could feel its warm caress, creeping up her back. There was no sound but a tortured hissing as the warm piss escaped in spurts and torrents despite her efforts. She could feel the it spreading across her legs, her belly, her buttocks..

Even half-awake, she could feel the blood in her cheeks. Flustered and breathless, she wanted to cry out to someone, anyone. Come back, Ser Loras. Margaery. Arya. Come back with me. A gasp rose and died in her throat. You’re wetting yourself like a little girl. Like Arya and Jeyne Poole and Cersei must have done when no one could see her.

She tumbled into her bed and held a cushion tight against her bosom. She dreamt of brown curls and roses and sweet musky wee.

*006*2014-08-15 16:48

{{:

I'm currently reading this series and George R. R. Martin is constantly writing about men and boys who "couldn't hold their waters" or who 'soiled themselves'

}}

Minor SPOILER ALERT.

There is one mention of female desperation that I can recall. In A Storm of Swords, Arya was forced to give up her male identity as 'Arry because she couldn't hold it and had to pee in front of everyone.

Yeah. Sadly, GRRM seems to have restrained his liberal attittude towards pee and shit in the female POVs. It goes to show how much of a taboo this fetish still is.

*008*2014-08-17 07:48

Arya Stark/Cat

The Cat of the Canals.

Braavos was the most vexing city Cat had ever known. Shrouded in fogs, the weather was cold and clammy. More often than not, the city threatened its inhabitants with a light drizzle that would turn to pouring rain as the thunder roared. Even when it was merely grey, there was no getting away from the sound of water. The city was made of a thousand islands in a lagoon, joined by bridge and barge. Everyone she went, Cat would hear the lapping of water against stone and the trickling of fountains.

Once, she had gotten so desperate that she had to dive into an alley. When she returned, a dozen Oysters had gone from her barrow. Flinched by beggars and roof rats. She hated to disappoint Brusco, who treated her so kindly. For once, Arya Stark wished that she was her sister across the narrow sea. Most knew Sansa as maiden fair and flowered with sky blue eyes and a head of auburn hair that shone like autumn’s blaze. Only Arya envied her real talent.

Arya pissypants. No. That was another girl with another sister. She had died in the saltpans. Tonight was the night of the new moon and she must return as No One to the House of the Black and White.

It was hard pretending to be No one when you had Arya Stark’s tiny bladder. Can she make it? There were exactly three hundred and forty-five steps from the Drowned town to the House of the many-faced god. Three hundred and two if she cut under the canal that carried freshwater into the city. With its constant trickle. Arya bit her lip and decided against the risk.

I’d better find a privy and fast. Most of the taverns would only allow paying customers. Some would demand a penny and others would have you buy a horn of ale. The Butcher’s Wife had the cleanest seats but they demanded that you spend half a silver on their famous sausage bowl. A princely sum for a piss. The Yellow Whale was likely the worst.

She stared longingly at a dark alley beside a stream. No. On a moonless night, it was better not to risk it. What better time to cut a throat than during a piss? Arya bit her lip. You better make a choice or there won’t be a choice to make. She ducked into The Drunken Assassin and bounced a coin on the counter. It was still ringing when she had her breeches round her knees.

Later, the kindly man greeted her when she opened the black and white doors.

‘And who is coming to us tonight?’

‘No one’

He sighed softly. ‘A lie. You are Arya of House Stark and you have been delayed. No matter, what three new things have you learnt?’

He knows. ‘Mika the massive is growing old. He has to dye his moustache black and the girls say that there are nights when he cannot rise to the occasion.’

‘A man should know when to put down his sword. The second thing?’

‘Lanna is Lord Tyrion’ daughter and heir to Casterly Rock. She has golden hair and green-gold eyes. When she’s drunk, the Sailor’s Wife calls her my little lion.’

There was blank silence for a moment. She felt joy as she watched the kindly man stroke his beard.

‘That is very good to know. There may be hope for you after all. The third thing?’

‘In The Yellow Whale, Kazubo would let you watch the girls make water if you slip him a piece of silver. There is a small room with a peep-hole.’

‘And how do you know this thing?’

Arya bit her lip.

‘I could hear him breathing.’

‘How do you know it was a he?’

She had no answer for that. The kindly man only smiled and spoke.

‘You are a sharp and clever girl but not as strong as you think you are.’

‘I AM strong, I’ve killed dozens-‘

‘And yet your body betrays you as you speak. Even a blind man can hear the shuffling of your feet.’ The kindly man sighed.

‘It’s not fair. I can’t do anything about it.’

‘Have you tried?’

‘What is there to try. A maester across the narrow sea once told me that some people-‘

‘No one is born wielding a sword and yet some wield it better than others. You must practice with it like you do your finger-knife and your

Braavosi tongue or you shall always be known as Arya the wet wolf. The temple of the many-faced god does not take girls who wet themselves. We can change your face and hair but what are we to do if you dance and fidget like a little girl of four? Go to the waif in the laboratory and we shall see what we can do for the wet wolf.’

Arya pissypants. She hated the name much worse than Horseface. It reminded her of that day in the Wolfswood. One day I will repay her with her own coin.

The waif seemed tireless. Even at this hour, she was waiting amidst her jars of poisons and toxins. ‘Come, my girl, take this vial’

The potion looked clear as water. No, too clear. The waif shook half of it onto her tongue. Sweet and cool like the freshest mountain stream, it seemed like the purest water that Cat had ever tasted except it did not quench her thirst.

‘What is it?’

‘In Westeros, maesters call it the Lady’s Curse. Here in Braavos, learned men call it the Rhoynar’s Kiss.’

‘It makes you want to pee.’ I can’t wait to use it.

The waif smiled. ‘Yes girl, it quickens the bladder and the kidneys. The body will produce urine at a faster rate, depending on the dose. A most expensive and useful potion; a large dose taken with water purges most poisons while a smaller dose removes toxins and appears to delay the gift of the many-faced god. Most of the Courtesans take one drop a day with their food.’

Despite her vows to serve, she could only think wicked thoughts. I must learn how to make this one, I’ll pour a whole flagon into… She paused in fear. One drop with their food. Cat seized the waif by her collar and shook her fiercely.

‘ONE DROP with their food? How much have you given me?’

The waif laughed softly. ‘Enough to flood the Trident and bring a bountiful harvest before winter comes.’

‘Get it OUT of my body. There must be some-‘ Oh no, not this. Anything but this. It might be her imagination but she could already feel it working, pouring incessantly downwards.

‘The Rhoynar’s kiss is the antidote, not the toxin. It is completely harmless…except to your pride. Tomorrow, you will have a new job, you will be a serving wench at The Yellow Whale and you will learn the true meaning of patience.’

Not the Whale. Arya wanted to cry. She wanted to pin the waif down and pour the entire pot down her throat

The waif read her thoughts. ‘A servant of the many-faced god must abandon many things, not least of all their dignity and pride. Methinks the wolf blood has given you too much of the latter. Say the word and we shall release you, Arya the wet wolf. Warden of the White Knife.’

This can’t be happening. She felt a mixture of anger and fear. I can’t even hold 2 cups of wine and she gave me half a vial. I’m bound to lose it in front of everyone on the morrow.

‘Just say the word and you shall be free.’

No. She bit her lips and glared at the waif. ‘When do I start tomorrow?’

The waif only smiled. ‘They expect you before six. Until then, keep a chamberpot close.’

‘Valar Dohaeris.’

*009*2014-08-17 08:05

Arya Stark/Cat

Cat of the Kitchens.

Fried squid with a loaf of salted bread and two horns of ale. Cat treaded down the stairs to fetch the ale first. By the time I return, the squid should be ready. She should get some dreamwine as well. A group of Pentoshi merchants had wandered in and they were bound to call for dreamwine. Saves going up and down twice. The cellars were dark and musty, with barrels from floor to ceiling. Cat felt like a cat among these oaken giants and for a moment she was sorely tempted. No one would see anyway. The sloshing of the pitchers made it so difficult, she could feeling her legs starting to shake. Cat bit her lip so hard she could taste the blood on her tongue. It’s better to just go now than to regret it later, Arya, you know you have to..

I mustn’t. She desperately wanted to untie the cords and pull down everything but she knew she mustn’t. You are not weak. The kindly man had told her. Arya of House Stark does not have a weak bladder. Hers was the same as everyone else. She is afraid that she will wet and she fears their laughter, but it is the fear that makes her weak. It is fear that sends her scampering off when her sister held on.

Cat wondered how said sister would fare in The Yellow Whale after fifteen doses of the Rhoynar’s Kiss. The many-faced god was as cruel as the others. It gave her a desperate thirst and made her nearly helpless with need. The first quarter of an hour was alright, just a niggling reminder and a hint of strain. It quickly became unbearable. The water seemed to come from nowhere and it filled her like a skin. When the customers called, she took ginger steps, mincing and simpering. When she was free, she hid near the counter where no one could see, squirming and twisting.

She lived for her breaks. Nothing in the world made her happier than Kazubo’s slight nod and Cat knew that a wetting had been averted. For now. With the Rhoynar’s kiss upon her, the sweet relief never lasted for long. Even on her way back, she could feel the faint strings of an already growing need. It’s just fear.

It’s just stupid fear. Cat was terrified of losing it in front of everyone. They will point and laugh and pinch my cheek. Stupid Sansa.

The waif said it was mostly harmless but sometimes she felt light-headed from the strain of holding on. She bit her lip and walked towards her patron. The pee was sloshing in her bladder and it seemed ready to spill out at any moment. Everything reminded her of her need. The pouring of Arbor gold looked like a stream of yellow urine. The sloshing of the flagons reminded her of her own overflowing chalice. Everytime someone sipped their drink, she would glance down to check if it was her. Every laugh made her hand dart to her crotch to feel the reassuring dryness. I’m going to explode if I try any longer. I’m going to go mad.

Fear cuts deeper than swords. In any case, she refused to use the privies here. The Yellow Whale was famous for two things. The first was the cheapness of its house brew, dark and strong. The second was the entertainment. It was a place where a knowing man with special tastes would come to indulge in certain pleasures. Pleasures that the greater part of society neither tolerated nor understood.

Cat knew what went on with men and women but she did not understand these people. Why would anyone want to watch that? Six privies there were, all free of charge and sparkling clean with six private booths attached. The wary locals stayed away. Kazubo the owner kept a tight ship and did not partake, while his two daughters served and tended.

It was a grateful distraction from the agonies of her own bladder. Sometimes, it was a foolish local girl, oftentimes, a foreigner or a naïve farm wench from the coastal greenlands. She would drink too much of the dark brew and begin to fidget with her skirts beneath the table. No matter, there are clean privies. As she rose to make her way, a man would rise with her and give a slight nod to the Kazubo, who would start preparing a mug. The girl enters the privy and the man follows, going round the back to those secret booths.

When the women exited, Cat felt a mix of jealousy and disgust. Sometimes, it lasted only minutes, sometimes the man would emerge flustered and with his fly undone. In any case, the price was the same: a mug of Kazubo’s special bitter, more often left undrunk. Only in Braavos.

It was a profitable little niche and Kazubo worked it tirelessly. Whenever a foreign lady or a pretty peasant girl came in, he would play them with free drinks and salty snacks and endless good-natured flattery. The more knowing customers watched discreetly. Those Freaks. The brew was strong and they usually did not have to wait for long. She would remember some of their faces if not for her own desperate predicament.

She did not understand everything she saw. On rare occasions the customers would bring their own girls and the girls would emerge in different clothes. Just thinking about it made her blush. There are men in the world who would pay coin to see me try and fail to hold it front of the privy.No. This is too weird. It must be something else. Arya shook her head and bit her lips.

A surprising number of ladies came to The Yellow Whale for Kazubo’s services. Some paid to peek at handsome men while others went after their own sex. Why don’t they just squirm in front of a mirror? She recalled a gentle lady who sat at the best table, sipping Arbor gold. A lady of Tyrosh who smelled of lavender, with one green braid peeking out from her veil. Cat thought that she would be one of the victims, seeing that she crossed her legs back and forth to no end.

She was waiting for the right man. She went into the booth after a tall, strapping Lysene sailor of thick arms and long silvery locks. She didn’t come out for an hour, long after the Lysene and half a dozen other men. When she emerged, Cat noticed that she walked easily…and that the tights she wore were black instead of green. Why? Kazubo either didn’t know or didn’t care. The lady whispered something to make him chuckle before tossing him a golden tael. Kazubo gave her a bow and saw her to the door.

‘Had she come all the way from Tyrosh?’ She asked Kazubo after closing time.

‘Aye, her husband often has business with the Sealord.’

‘Does her husband know?’

‘No. She does not dare speak of it. Her husband is a powerful man’

‘Why did she take so long in the booth?

‘Some have particular tastes. It is not for us to judge.’

‘Why don’t they just hire whores?’

Kazubo had looked at her as if it was dumbest question of all.

You have many questions for a serving wench. One day when you have seen more of life. The hearts of men and women are stranger than tales of dragons.

Only in Braavos. She thought.

After that, she resigned herself to unanswered questions. I have worries of my own. The waif increased her dosage from ten to fifteen drops while Kazubo grew stricter. It was sheer agony standing with a pitcher of water while the customers came and went. When she opened her eyes, she saw water everywhere. Mugs and horns and pitchers and canals, filled to the brim or pouring into streams. When she closed her eyes, the images were filled with men and women urinating. She saw their bodies relax and heard their sighs of relief echo.

Sometimes, her mind would drift. Cat found herself in Winterfell, she heard her own running footsteps and the Septa’s cry echoing after her. ARYA STARK, COME BACK or YOUR FATHER shall hear about this! She would see the privy cover before her and let loose a trickle. What are you doing? Arya pissypants. Cat of the kitchens would have to stop and cross her legs to stop the trickle running down her legs.

When Arya was five, she learned how to ride a horse. In the few weeks after, her entire life revolved around horses. She talked horses to everyone from Lord Manderly to Mikken. She thought about what horses ate over supper. Maester Luwin, Why doesn’t the citadel have a link for horses?

So it was with Cat at The Yellow Whale. She felt nothing but her need to pee. She saw nothing but subtle signs of need in everyone she passed.

The tall Myrish porter would jiggle his foot and start yawning at the tale his companion told.

Yanu, the Lorathi handmaiden would press her lips together firmly. She would bounce on her buttocks, trying to shift the weight off her buttocks.

Kazubo’s younger daughter was always nervous. Her eyes would grow wide when she needed to pee and she would curl her girlish toes. I can’t do it. Cover for me, cat. She would squeal and squeak as she hurried out, fumbling with her clothes as she went.

The Fair Lysene whore they called S’varoni threw caution to the wind. She would gulp down her brew, as if trying to drown her desperation in ale. Once, she passed out in the chair and Cat was forced to clean up the mess with trembling hands.

Kazubo’s elder daughter was funny as well. Kassia could hold for hours and hours, serving and making ribald jests with the patrons, but she would often lose herself in front of the privy. She would dance and struggle with her laces, just a few inches from relief. Cat had to do everyone’s laundry. Every pair of her drawers and tights were stained yellow in the crotch.

Just like mine. Cat crossed her legs and arched her back forward as another spasm of desperation passed over her. 3 Loaves of bread and salt with a pitcher of house brew. Despite the chill, sweat covered her brows and her neck. A few hot spurts escaped as she made her way to the kitchen. Stop leaking you big baby.

She crooked her finger at Kazubo. The man snorted and raised a pair of open palms. Ten minutes.

A red-headed wench stood up and walked dizzily to the bathroom. Buxom and pretty, she had been fidgeting quite a while under the table while a handsome sailor boy played with her hair. When she finally plucked up the courage to make her waters, two men nearly ran over each other in their haste to get to the booth. Kazubo allowed himself a chuckle as the sailor boy went on eating his mussels, utterly oblivious.

Arya jogged on the spot as she poured out the dark ale.

In the corner, a hooded woman smiled at her and got up to leave. She left 3 pieces of silver on the table, gleaming in the tavern’s soft yellow candlelight.

She’s watching me. Just a like a certain Lady Sansa across the water loved to watch. Sansa was always the perfect lady but she couldn’t keep her eyes away when Arya squirmed in her seat or held her crotch. She would feign disdain and indifference just a little too well. Whenever Arya stared back at her sister, Sansa would look away and pretend to be engrossed by her sewing.

Was it because I was so unladylike in my desperation? That day she wet herself in the wolfswood, Sansa couldn’t stop gaping at her.

She was blushing. She was redder than I was.

Is my sister one of these weirdoes? She wondered in horror if Sansa liked to watch men or women. Do you like it when they hold it forever or do you like it when they lose it in their clothes? Sansa the lady, ever so courteous. Does it give you pleasure when they squirm and squeal and struggle while you sit motionless like a statue? Who do you dream of in the night? Ser Loras leaking into his flowery armour or is it Queen Cersei’s long shapely legs, crossing and moving and rubbing against each other under the table as she drank yet another cup of wine.

Her womanhood felt warm and wet. Arya looked down to see the tiniest patch starting to form on her tunic. Oh gods. I’m starting to go. She threw down the pitcher and waddled to the door. I can do this. She pressed her legs together to steel herself against the cool night air. Does it make you blush when I struggle like a little girl, Sansa?

The voice sounded ludicrous in her head. It sounded like a mummer’s line. You’re overthinking this, she only likes it because she hates you. Neither Cat nor Arya could imagine Sansa sitting in The Yellow Whale. The only thing she ever loved were her stupid songs and knights on white horses.

Stop wondering or you’re going to wet yourself. Arya shook away these morbid thoughts and made a clumsy dash towards the canals. Just a little more. Just a little more. There were only 68 steps to the Drunkard’s Alley. 57…56…55. A pair of swaggering bravos sniggered at her as they passed but Cat no longer cared who saw her in this frantic state.

30…29…27…It’s always worse when you were near. She thought of Kassia’s accident’s inside the privy, her clumsy fingers clawing and tangling. Please, god, no. please. Gods forgive me. The sound of drops splattering on wood.

15…15…13. She saw the moon glistening off the canals. Dark and glistening. The Rhoynar’s kiss was cruel. Less than 10 steps. I can make it. I can. I can.

You always need to go pee, you are a little girl who can’t hold it. Sansa’s Lady-of-the-manor voice, taunting. 6…6….6….I mean five. Just a few more steps. The alley was just across the road but a thin trickle had started to flow. Fear cuts deep. She felt the hot waters of her desperate need follow the lines of her drawers, soaking her crotch from back to front. I’m going to make it. Don’t come out, don’t come out, you always pee yourself like a little…Stop it, Sansa. She could see the shiny cobblestones. The green moss on the coursing water. Cat felt a wetness warming her left thigh. I’m not going to make it, I mean…

She made it just in time.

There was not a moment to spare as she rounded the corner. Cat ripped off her breeches as she squatted, losing a button in her haste. Her pants bunched around her calves just as the hot stream of piss exploded from her with a piercing hiss. Too thick and too tight, the back of her drawers was caught in her powerful stream as she struggled to get them down in time. Too late. She could feel the warm wee spreading on the taut cotton. It’s wet anyway. Her legs trembled from the hasty squat and from the sweet release. One step more and she would have peed a stream though her drawers and her breeches, one moment more and Cat would have had a shamed herself in the middle of the city. The relief wracked her body as the stream flowed hard and strong, forming a thousand little streams as they ran over the stones and ran dripping into the canals of the city.

Not today.

So close. Too close. Her bladder was exhausted from the hold. It had been so full that the stream flowed for a small eternity before it dwindled into spurts and dribbles. Cat pulled herself up and inspected the damage: her pants were mostly dry but the back of her drawers were thoroughly soaked with wee. Happy now, Sansa? Even in the moonlight, she could see the translucent whiteness of the soggy cotton clinging to her flesh.

She bit her lip. It was, at least, better than last time. I took so long to come back Kazubo thought I’d drowned. She removed a strip of cloth from her pocket and cleaned herself, wiping away any excess moisture. Slowly and gingerly, she pulled up her pants, not wanting the wetness to seep through her breeches.

Time to head back.

As she walked pigeon-toed from the alley, Cat fancied a pair of blue eyes staring through the soggy cotton of her crotch.

*012*2014-08-31 05:46

I'm out of ideas, to be honest.

*014*2014-09-06 03:38

Thanks for the high praise! The question I asked myself is how would Dany's experience be any different from Cersei's and the answer seems to be....not much.

My personal theory is that people only write Fanfic about things that would never happen within canon and GoT is already dripping with so much sex and pee.

