GCPD: First Shift

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2015-03-24 17:16

This is my second attempt at writing a story and i will be updating my other story really soon.

This story will include mild desperation and mostly action in it as well as a lot of heavy usage of police dispatch codes and call description based on the nature of the incident that officer's are responding to at the current moment.

Welcome one and all and i thank you for taking the time to read this story as well.

G.C.P.D:First Shift (Part 1)

Jim Gordon awoke from his side of the bed next to his sleeping wife Barbra Gordon. Their baby had kept Barbra up all night taking care of him. But he knew it was worth it. It was a bright sunny day and today he was to go into the office at 8 am and when he checked the time on his alarm clock it read 6 am. He still had a couple of hours left to himself before he had to go into work. But since he was already up he figured he might as well just get up and do the chores he had neglected to do yesterday when he had come home from work. He got up and pulled a shirt on and some pants before going into the living room and looking around for what there was to be done since he usually had to find what he was supposed to be doing anyway.

Eventually after searching around for the list he found it and looked at the list and started on the chores making sure to finish them right at 7 am so that he could at least also have a decent breakfast before he left. Once breakfast was made and finished off he got his work clothes on and got into his car before driving off to the station. It was funny how things turned out, after about a year working with the GCPD he had been promoted to become the new commissioner of the GCPD. He chuckled at how much had not been acomplished when he was working as a detective at the rank of Lt for them. The reason for his promotion within the ranks is because at the time of his first being with the GCPD he had found a major corruption scandal going on between a fellow detective and a few other officers as well as Commissioner Lobe himself.

He got into the parking lot and showed his badge to the gate officer who replied "Morning Commissioner" and waved him off before turning back to watch the front. Gordon pulled into the parking lot and got out of his car making sure to lock it before he went inside to the building and straight to his office not bothering to talk to anyone until he had gotten setup for the morning.

*002*2015-03-31 17:53

Part II

Patrol officer Stanley Mort, was getting his patrol equipment from the station armory. The gear he had to get included:

1x Medical Trunk Kit

1x Trunk Armor

1x 870 Tactical Shotgun

1x AR-15 Rifle (.223 caliber)(trunk only)

10x .223 Magazines

20x 12 Gauge Shotgun Shells

The items he already had on him included:

2x Handcuffs

1x Notebook (for taking statements and reports from witnesses and suspects)

2x Black and Blue Pens

1x Flashlight

5x-10x 9mm Pistol clips

1x Pepper Spray

1x ACP baton

1x Glock19 tactical pistol

Once he had accounted for the items and made sure that everything was where it should be in the kits and the weapons had the right amount of ammo and he had the proper amount of reloads he started walking towards the patrol unit that he was assigned to. His call-sign during briefing had been '6-X-50'. He walked over and found his shop (patrol vehicle) and started to do his general inspection from last watch since it was common that last shift suspects will leave something in the backseat of the patrol vehicle. Once the inspection was complete he put all items in their necessary spots and then opened the door and stepped in and tested the siren and emergency equipment and turned the police scanner on and reported his status as on duty and ready to receive calls

Two hours later he was already patrolling the mean streets of Gotham and looking for trouble listening to the scanner to make sure that he didnt miss a call in case the dispatcher called out his unit number and he didnt respond. About a minute later the dispatch channel came alive and relayed a call for his unit "6 X-Ray 50, See the woman outside the residence, Possible Intoxicated person(s), 18907 North Gotham Ave Cross-street 34th Blvd, Code Two incident Number 8861 already 1907."

He took note of the information provided by the dispatcher and picked up the mic "6-X-50 10-4(copy) show me 10-19 (en-route) to scene" he then switched the lightbar control board to status 2 and the roof-mounted bar lit up with red and blue LED'S and he started to speed along through the intersection and would activate his siren as he hit each intersection until he reached the scene and got out of the car taking a report paper from the glove box and walking over to the reporting person and started to get a description of what happened from the person and then went over to try and get the subject to cooperate which wasnt happening.

Soon he found himself having to tazer the woman when she took a swing at him and take her to the ground and slapping the cuffs on her. Once he felt that she was secured he brought her to her feet and a little cooperative he brought her to the car and brought her half way to the car before the drunk woman started to wet herself, he could see the wetness forming on her light blue jeans, it continued for a while until her pants were completely soaked. Stanley wasnt surprised since most drunks usually just peed wherever they wanted to. Once he saw she was done he brought her to the car and sat her down in her soaked pants and closed the door to the back and got into his car, ignoring the woman's drunk babbling and started writing out the report he would need to submit at the end of his shift. Once the report was written and signed by himself he started driving back towards the precinct.

He got back to the precinct and pulled into the lot and took the woman out of the car. By this point she had become very mad and tried to fight him. She started trying to pull him one way and the other. He called out for help and another officer who had just happened to be walking inside helped him out with the lady getting her somewhat under control and brought her inside with Stanley where the other officer proceeded to search her quickly and didnt say anything about the soaked pants. During the search the officer removed the lady's shoes and shoelaces and anything else she had on her that she could use to harm herself while in the holding cell. Stanley then took her to the holding cell and put her in and removed her cuffs before quickly shutting the door to the cell and walking away and walking back to his patrol unit and getting back on patrol.

As soon as he got back on patrol a priority transmission came over the radio from one of the other units "6 X-Ray 19, Shots Fired Shots fired! Officer needs help! Multiple suspects armed with automatic rifles. Officer in trouble! repeat Officer in need of assistance!" the dispatcher quickly responded "6 X-Ray 19 10-4 stand-by. Attention All Sector 6 units Attention all Sector 6 units, be advised that 6 X-Ray 19 has reports of shots fired and is in need of assistance unknown location or suspect description please stand-by for additional" the dispatcher then asked "6 X-Ray 19 what is your location?" the reply over the radio was "7632 S Montgomery Blvd Cross Hampton Place" the dispatcher then added that information into the dispatch and dispatched Stanley and a few others to help out. Stanley quickly switched the light-bar control board to status 3 and engaged his sirens speeding to the location.

He arrived at the location and went over to where the other officer and got the report of what happened before taking out his Glock-19 from its holster and cocking it back to load a round into the chamber. As soon as he did that more shots came over their heads. It sounded like rattling death with each shot that came over their head. Stanley then nodded to the other officer to be ready to come up and cover him as he tried to get the suspects to drop the weapons. Stanley then got up and tried to get them to drop the weapon, the suspects quickly responded by shouldering their weapons and firing shots at him and Stanley had to duck as they started up again and he cursed himself for not being more direct with them.

He then went and got his shotgun from the trunk of his car and loaded it up before coming back over and aiming it at them and commanding them to drop their weapon's or he would fire at them. This was a critical moment and Stanley knew it too. He repeated the command several times, but to no avail, the suspects decided that they weren't gonna drop their weapons and their was nothing this 'punk ass officer' could do about it. Stanley then pulled the trigger and let the shotgun round fly. The suspects quickly took cover and fired back, he rolled to the side and fired again at the car they were using for cover.

Suddenly out of nowhere the officer who had requested assistance suddenly darted out and was shot dead on the spot. Stanley ran over and got the corpse out of harms way and started opening fire again mad that an officer had been shot. After about a couple of hours in which more officers arrived to assist, they got the subjects into custody and paid their quick respects to a fallen officer in the line of duty.

End of part 2

