On the lam (a magical epic)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-07 02:21

I struggled against my straight jacket violently. I rammed into the foam walls trying to get the restraint off of me only to fall onto my butt. I struggled to get on to my knees. I took a moment to breath as my golden locks fell in front of my face. I sighed thinking of giving in.

I wasn’t crazy or anything, just… powerful. I had the ability of telekinesis. The straight jacket was a major inconvenience none the less. I hadn’t mastered the psychic power, thus I needed hand motions to levitate anything heavy, or launch stuff with a lot of force. I tried to unlock the straight jacket with telekinesis like I’ve tried to do several times, unfortunately the lock was too complicated to work without seeing it.

“Good job Annie,” I muttered as my bladder began to fill up. I sighed as managed to sit cross legged. I’ve spent the past month in this high security insane asylum in the lethal ward. I’ve barely managed to keep my healthy, and beautiful hour glass figure with the small amounts of prison food they give us. But I quit worrying about growing skinny, my new fear was never getting out.

I bit my lip as I felt the urine fill up in my bladder. “I hate my bladder infection.” I sobbed. I fidgeted desperately as struggled ferociously. I’ve soiled myself hundreds of times since I’ve been here, only one bathroom break a day will do that too anyone, but each time I got the urge I always fought it till the last second.

Suddenly I heard an electric beep as a tray of food came through deposit box in the wall, under a large two way mirror. I crawled over to it and mustered up as much of my telekinetic powers as possible to feed myself before setting the tray back into the box.

I shut my eyes tightly and waited as the urine swirled in my bladder, increasing slowly and painfully. Finally I faintly heard someone approach my cell. I focused intently on the figure approaching, mostly just sizing up an imaginary silhouette until I heard the beep as the box began to open. I focused intently on a set of keys flying into the box.

It could be futile, I was banking on the fact whoever was out there even carried the key to my straight jacket with them. Fortunately I heard the jangle of keys fall into the box. I needed to act fast. I used my ability to pry open the box, it was difficult without using motions but it worked. I quickly set to work on using each key to unlock all till one worked. Finally the straight jacket was opened.

I broke free just as the guard burst through the door. I dodged his knight stick and flick my wrist at the wall. He was launched into it at an intense speed. I instantly knocked him unconscious. I quickly took his knight stick and his uniform leaving him in his boxers and a wife beater. I quickly dressed into the uniform

Sighing, I used the mirror to size me up. The dull grey outfit was obviously too big, and my long hair fell to my mid back. I groaned as I tried to stuff my hair into the hat, and decided to just go and hope no one would look to closely. Suddenly I remembered my bladder as it pounded into my lower abdomen.

I groaned and jogged out into the hall, I turned more corners, and took more hallways than I could remember till finally I found myself at the supplies closet.

“Not exactly where I was going, but this could be helpful.” I muttered to myself and walked in shutting the door behind myself. I found a duffel bag and started stuffing supplies into it, prison brand water bottles, peanut butter, cereal, chips, bread add even a couple packs of prison gum which I didn’t think even existed.

Suddenly another wave of desperation hit as I started zipping up the bag, sending me into a fidgeting frenzy. Eventually I regain control and took off running till I somehow emerged outside. I started dancing in place trying to keep my bladder from exploding. I moaned softly as gazed across the grounds, they seemed empty enough, but the exit would be on the other side, and then there was the question on how I would sneak out it.

I took off in a run, shoving one hand into my crotch. Obviously my gait was embarrassing but so long as it got me out of the asylum. Suddenly as I skirted around the building, careful to avoid the occasional security guard I saw the exit. It was around a hundred yards away. Suddenly a blaring alarm went off. I gasped as it startled a spurt of urine out of me. I felt it dampen my panties thoroughly.

Suddenly spot lights lit up and the previously nearly empty courtyard was teeming with guards. I groaned as I took refuge between to bushed as they spread out. It was dark, I would have to use that too my advantage. As the guards shone their flash lights all around them thoughts of escape practically died in my mind. Unless…

I saw a lone guard in the distance, I sighed, it would be a long stretch but it would have to work. I focused all my strength into slamming him in the ground silently. He fell into an unconscious heap without so much as a yelp. Next step. I drew his flash light towards me. Success!

I took a deep breath as more urine threatened to burst out. “One problem at a time.” I muttered. Quickly re-clicking the flash light on, I tried to make my way casually towards the exit, careful to keep my distance from the spot light and the guards, maybe the dark concealed my poorly improvised disguise, but the blindingly bright spot light wouldn’t.

“AY, over here, we’ve got a casualty.” My eyes widened as a guard called out behind me.

No time for stealth. I decided as the guards all took off to check out the body except two at the gate. One of the search lights ran a few meters away from. I took another breath, withdrew my hand from my crotch and took off in a run for the gate. The guards noticed me and just as they pulled out two stun guns I sent them flying.

Then brightness, the search light shone on me, revealing my sad costume. Disoriented I tried to run blind. I stumbled over the gate letting out a stream of urine down my leg but managed my way out. Finally in an all-out run I took off down the dirt road, my vision slowly came back. I felt a small stream of hot urine trickle down my right thigh but I ignored it as I jumped behind a couple bushes. I gazed out barely making out the patrol of guards behind my epidemic of eye floaters.

I saw some come over to inspect the woods I was taking cover in. I took off in another sprint in the other direction. I kept running till my legs and lungs gave out and nearly my bladder. I leaned against a tree for a moment. I took my time getting my breath back.

I paused for a moment and considered peeing here, I already left a plate sized stain on the butt of the uniform, it would only get worse. I hesitated as I started to reach to take off the pants when a light protruded through the foliage. I groaned as I shoved my hand into my clit and took off once again, finally emerging through the woods onto the dirt road again I took off running till I saw a sign that read: ‘Asylum 3 miles’. I smiled. I already got three miles away. Still, it wasn’t far enough

I took off in a mixture of running, jogging, fast walking, whatever it took to get away as fast as possible. Finally I found myself an hour later walking down an empty paved street, both hands now in my crotch, shaking and nearly crying as a small amount of urine started to dribble down my leg.

I began to whimper as a harsh stabbing pain emitted from my bladder as I practically hopped forward keeping my legs crossed as tightly as possible. Finally the pain in my bladder was too much to handle and I found myself doubled over feeling the intense need to pee. I stood completely immobilized both hands stuffed into my crotch and then I gasped.

Suddenly my bladder gave out altogether. I moaned as hot pee started to stream around my legs, warming the back of my legs as is soaked the baggy uniform. I kept my hands firmly in place as I tried to desperately stop the flow but it was futile. The urine kept flowing as it started to fill the uniform boots slightly. The stream started to trickle out of the uniform as it drizzled down onto the ground around me.

I trembled violently as I kept to my stubbornness and stop the flow but it soaked the pants anyway. The stream ran the length of my inner things as it made sure to darken every inch of the uniform I ‘borrowed’. I shoved my hands deeper into my crotch only two have the hot pee trickle between my finger tips and splash onto the asphalt below. Finally I stopped the flow prematurely for a moment. I sighed. Then standing there still needing to pee already soaked and still stuck in place I groaned as I uncrossed my legs stood up straight and just let go.

The hot urine practically raced down my fit legs behind the uniform, as it slithered into the boots and pooled around my feet I moaned in relief. The flow had increased and moved faster as a stream sprayed the ground and caused a puddle the size of a couch cushion to develop between my boots. I just stood there bitterly as the urine finally started to slow still the hot urine streamed down my leg a little longer before slowing to a warm dribble.

Finally I stood there on the empty street soaked and embarrassed. Urine dripped from my legs and I stifled back a sob. I grudgingly stripped from the uniform into my prison issued clothes, unlike the orange jumpsuits from cartoons I had spent the past couple of months dressed in a white sofee and a white tank top. I shivered as I tossed the boots and uniform pants and shirt into the side of the street. So there I stood in a white sofee stained yellow from urine on the butt and crotch area and a thin white tank top when it rained.

“Of course.” I muttered angrily. Picking up the duffle bag I walked bare foot through the streets.

To be continued.....

Tell me what ya think:)

*002*2012-02-07 22:25

Thank you, and I'll try to be more vigilant next time I write:)

*004*2012-02-07 23:10

{{:

I like this idea a lot. Are you into fear wetting at all?

}}

Thank you, and yes, as a matter of a fact I am:) why?

*006*2012-02-07 23:21

{{:

'cause I hope some of that happens to this character!

}}

That should fit in pretty nicely with this story

*009*2012-02-08 04:08

A couple hours later I found myself still alone except for the occasional car, passing me up despite my hitch-hiking attempts. Finally the rain settled down but I still felt cold and embarrassed. I groaned bitterly as I trembled through the dark streets. Suddenly I saw head lights approaching from behind me. I turned around and desperately stuck my thumb out.

My heart practically skipped a beat when the car slowed to a stop. The window rolled down and I saw the face of a man in his mid-twenties, handsome, with dark hair and dark eyes and the start of a goatee.

“Where ya heading too?” He asked politely.

“Anywhere that away” I said gesturing towards the area I was previously heading.

“You’re in luck that’s just where I’m heading. Get in.” He smiled kindly.

Over joyed I ran to the passenger side and hopped in. I smiled widely as I stepped in. “Thanks a bunch.” I said enthusiastically. “Sorry if I get your seat wet.” I apologized as a follow up statement.

“It’s ok I can get it cleaned.” He said. “Any specific area you’re heading.”

“No.” I admitted solemnly.

“So run away or prison break?”

For a second my heart raced till I realized he was teasing. “Is it running away if you’re eighteen?” I asked.

“Suppose not… Do you have any clothes or money in the duffle bag?” He asked. I shook my head dumbly. “Figured not, it would be rather dumb a gorgeous girl like you only wearing clothes like that getting picked up by a stranger.” He said solemnly.

My fear peaked as I grasped the door handle slightly.

“Relax; I’m just messing with you. I’m married, but tell ya what I’m heading two cities down, along the way I’ll buy you two changes of clothes a hot meal and give you a couple bucks to stay in a hotel for a few nights, but that’s the best I can do.”

“No, that’s great, honestly you don’t have to do that. Seriously. Honestly this can’t be real, the chances of getting picked up by a guy like you.” I gushed. I was over joyed; for once something was going my way.

A half hour later we were pulling up towards goodwill. “Are you sure you want to do this for me?” I asked.

“Look the odds of you meeting someone like me are pretty rare, but honestly I’d like to think of myself as a philanthropist. Besides I make a ton of money from my job, it’s no big deal.”

“Thanks.” I muttered stunned from joy.

“You’re welcome miss…” He trailed off.

“I’m Annie M-” I caught myself. “McNamara.” I lied.

“Well miss McNamara I’m Jonathon Allen.” He said. “Now let’s see about getting you some new clothes.”

“Thank you so much.” I enthused. As he opened his door to get out and the dome light shone he noticed the pee stains on my shorts for the first time.

“Uh, here wrap my jacket around your waist.” He offered.

“Thanks again.” I muttered embarrassed.

“No problem.” He smiled.

I awkwardly got out as my clothes were still damp and made my way into goodwill. I noticed the cashier acknowledge my odd clothing style with a wrinkle of her nose.

“Go look around I’ll be here.” He muttered kindly.

“Thanks.” I walked over to the jean aisles and found the size seven sections. I browsed them thoroughly; if I was going to wear second-hand clothes they were going to look great. I grinned widely as I found dark blue skinny jeans in my size. “Perfect.”

After that I found a royal blue blouse, black leggings, a black mini-skirt a white, a black spaghetti top with a colorful design and even black and white polka dotted flats. I managed to find a single pair of black, peds socks that basically just cover the bottom of your heal and toes. The one thing I would not buy second hand was under wear.

I headed to check out and as I got there my heart fell. John was gone. I felt tears on the verge of falling out.

“Hey, I found you this.” John said as he appeared behind me with a hot pink jacket. I looked at him amazed. “You’ve been crying?” He asked.

“I thought you left me for a moment.” I almost sobbed.

“Look I’m here so let’s check out and get on our way.” He smiled. He led me to the dressing room where he told me to change into the clothes while he would pay for it. I couldn’t believe my luck, everything was falling into place for once. For then. I struggled to get into my skinny jeans and then pulled over my royal blue blouse. Finally I put on the socks which stretched to the limit and barely hung onto my feet and then slid my feet into the flats.

I walked out to find Jonathon greeting me with the goodwill bag. “Let’s go.” He said and took me back to the car. The next stop was a burger joints drive thru. He ordered me a large order of fries, coke and spicy chicken sandwich. I gobbled it down greedily and he ate his own food quickly as well. It wasn’t a five star dinner, but compared to the prison food it tasted like it.

After that we drove making pointless small talk till we reached the next city. He drove me to the nearest hotel. “Is this good?” He asked.

“Yeah.” I lied. It was too close to the Asylum.

“Ok, well good-bye maybe we will see each other again someday.” He said as he handed me a couple hundred dollar bills.

“And if we do I swear I’ll pay you back.” I said as I grabbed my spare clothes and duffel bag. “Good-bye and thanks for everything.” I said. He waited in his car, to see I got to go into the hotel I guess. I walked into the front door and waited. Sure enough he drove away. I sighed bitterly as I started back outside.

“Miss you’re not staying?” a bell hop asked.

“No I guess not.” I said as I headed back outside. Not for the first time I was completely on my own. I started back down the streets away from the city. Soon I was on long stretches of roads again trying to get as far away as possible.

I sighed bitterly as I walked on for ages, no one else picked me up. I guess I used up the rest of my luck with Jonathon. I trudged on growing weary. I couldn’t seem to keep walking. I groaned as fell onto my butt fatigued.

I sat there for the longest time regaining my strength and I felt the coke begin to fill up my bladder slightly. I groaned at the thought of wetting myself again in one night so I got up and began to run. I ran until my lungs nearly burst and I found myself passing up another town. “Next one over.” I promised myself.

I was surprised my feet didn’t trail blood after all the endless walking, they certainly felt sore enough to bleed. I grumbled my whole way down the road as my bladder seemed to keep filling up as I walked and walked for what seemed like ages. Finally as I nearly began to faint I came to another city.

I smiled half-heartedly and took off in a jog. As I entered the town only a few cars drove down the streets. I allowed myself to stick my hand into my crotch with the little privacy I got. I walked at an awkward gait as I walked down a dark street to get to the main streets. I shuffled my feet and kept my legs crossed tightly.

Suddenly I felt myself shoved up against a light post. Startled I quivered and felt warmth fill my legs. I stared wide eyed at a shady looking man. And the blade in his hand close to my face. Suddenly I became aware of the pee running down my leg. It soaked my skinny jeans instantly as the hot pee ran the length of my legs, I heard it splash the ground around me and puddle around me.

Finally I regained control and heard the muggers threat. “Money or sex. Your choice.”

My eyes narrowed and I flicked my wrist to the left, his blade flew to the ground. Then I flicked my wrist forward. I saw the mugger fly. Then I flicked my wrist to the right and saw him smash into a house. And then I cried. I managed to pee myself twice in one night. I staggered forward awkwardly accompanied by a squelch like sound of my soaked shoes walking down the street.

Ok so this chapter may seem a little rushed, overly convienent and cliche and I'll admit this fear wetting sucked, but this installment and the next will be the worst part of the story, however it will improve so bear with me, and if the wettings feel forced its because I'm trying to compensate for the lameness of these two chapters

*013*2012-02-09 02:19

So I decided to split this installment into two parts since it would other wise take a while, however the next part of the story is the last of the good luck for Annie and the end of her being alone so get ready for the story to start getting interesting:)

I jogged down the street to find a hotel. I noticed the unconscious body of the mugger and grinned. I kept myself and stride and found my way into the main areas of town. I noticed a 24 hour laundry mat and had an idea. I strolled in awkwardly and saw a couple people washing their clothes with little regard to the girl in pee soaked jeans.

I made my way too the bathroom where I stripped off my panties, jeans and socks. I bundled them up as I slipped on the black legging and mini skirt. I hesitantly stepped back into my pee soaked shoes and shivered in disgust from the sliminess of the feel. I proceeded to then wash the clothes. I allowed myself to slouch on the chairs while my clothes were in the machine and I felt myself begin to doze off.

Suddenly I was in a gladiator arena only in my underwear. I sat up disoriented to hear the sound of a crowd cheering around me. I looked around dazed and noticed a giant tunnel dark with shadows. I felt an ominous aura emit from it. I trembled slightly. None the less I stepped forward albeit with delayed hesitance. With each step I felt more and more scared. Each step sent a wave of terror in my system.

I felt my knees start to buckle as a ferocious roar rang out from the cave. I trembled forward with an awkward gait as my legs threatened to give out as the shook. I felt goose bumps begin to rise up along my arms. Half way across the arena I considered stopping and going back but I realized that wasn’t any option so I started forward. After a while I became conscious of my bare feet treading across something smooth and hard. I glanced down to see I was walking on bones. I gasped loudly and allowed myself to shudder.

I swallowed and headed forward. Finally I was about twenty feet from the tunnel and my fear was at an all-time high. My pulse was racing and my legs were shaking so violently it was almost comical. I almost felt myself collapse. I was practically immobilized as I stared at the tunnel. I was completely petrified except my violent trembling as another roar sounded I suddenly needed to use the bathroom. I tried to run but my legs were glued to the spot.

I heard it approach and I felt myself begin to cry in fear. I managed to take one step back slowly but my legs felt like vibrating led. I couldn’t seem to move anymore and I begin to sob slightly. Then I saw a huge silhouette at the edge of the shadows and I leaned back. Suddenly It leapt out into the light.

A huge black abomination stood before me. It stayed mostly on its hind legs but its forearms stretched so far down his razor sharp claws scraped eerily across the bones. It looked like dried tar, with ruts and holes on its body. It was gigantic and had large, almost cliché, bat wings hanging behind it with tears throughout the wings flesh.

What looked like a ten foot long, chair leg thick needle protruded from its wrists hovered a couple feet about the ground and its face was like a charred, deformed skull, with giant thorn like bumps protruding out and bull like horns sticking out. One eye hole had a bloody eye ball and eye lids that closed side to side and the other was empty.

I just stood there whimpering my body convulsing erratically. I noticed the hot streams of pee spurted out in rapid short bursts. I noticed my panties become damp instantly. I barely noticed the hot stream of pee run down my thigh and seemingly stop at the back of my knee. I noticed a few streams of pee cascade to the ground and splash onto the bones puddling somehow around my feet.

The spurts kept occurring violently pushing through my clit into my panties and around my legs. It seemed like the pee floated around the back of my thighs and accumulate only to stream to the ground. My lap grew hot from being covered in pee and the spurts lengthened and became closer together.

Finally with one more tremble my bladder exploded all together and a large stream of urine soaked my crotch and shot across the front of my thighs and then puddle around my butt in midair. I felt the warmth of the urine just stay there before spilling to the ground below, the hot urine flow eventually stopped as I managed one shrill scream as the monster leapt at me.

“Miss, wake up!” I heard someone shake me awake. I looked around dazed and saw a middle aged woman in front of my face. “You slept all night and… you had an accident.”

I looked down instantly and noticed the warm pee puddle I was sitting in on my chair, and the one that had spilled off my chair onto the floor. “Oh god! I’m so sorry! Oh no!” I felt my lip begin to quiver and my face turn scarlet. I was mortified.

It’s ok miss, I put your clothes in the dryer so just change into them and wash your skirt and legging.” She said kindly.

Thank you,” I nodded my head.

“You’re welcome, but I need to money for the dryer.”

I nodded my head absently and paid her back as I took my clothes bag into the bathroom and changed into the jeans and spaghetti top, and put on the freshly cleaned panties. I inspected the damage on the sofee, it still had a slight pee stain but for now it was fine.

“Ok, look Annie.” I said to myself as I looked in the mirror. “Constantly peeing yourself at the asylum has weakened your bladder more than it already was. You can’t afford to keep having accidents, so start acting like the eighteen year old girl you are!” I said sternly before walking out to put my skirt and legging in the wash and even my blouse which had gotten damp from pee.

I then turned to face the clock to see it was already four PM! I walked over to the worker who awoke me in the first place. She was cleaning the urine from the seat I slept in. “You let me sleep here till four in the evening?” I asked stunned.

She shook her head. “I just got here, me and my husband own this laundry mat but it isn’t our main occupation.” She explained.

“Ok, well thanks.” I muttered as I sat down a few seats away and I felt my lip quiver again and my eyes begin to tear up. No, I’m tired of crying all the time, prison is supposed to toughen me up not make me a cry baby! I thought to myself bitterly, I felt a tear stream out but I wiped my eyes and regained control.

I started thinking of my nightmare a little reluctantly. The monster had been in my nightmares since my time at the asylum, every single night. I felt myself get angry at the thought of my fear, my constant peeing, my chronic pee accidents and I was furious I wanted to grow up. I gritted my teeth and wanted to hurt something.

“You can leave and come back later and I’ll have your clothes ready. Just give me the money and head off to eat if you want to.”

“Thank you.” I said handing her some money before leaving. I couldn’t believe how childish I was getting. I decided to head out and get some food before looking for a hotel.

*015*2012-02-09 02:49

Thank you very much:)

*016*2012-02-11 21:44

I decided to head out and get some food before looking for a hotel. I walked for a couple minutes, my body sore from sleeping in the chair, before coming upon another burger joint. I strolled in and bought a meal similar to the one Jonathon had purchased me the night before. I quickly gobbled it down and remembered to head to the restroom before looking for a hotel.

I must have strolled the town for several hours before I grudgingly asked for directions to the nearest hotel.

“Excuse me, ma’am do you know where the nearest hotel is?” I asked politely.

“Not till the next town.” A middle aged woman replied.

“Well thanks anyways.” I smiled and walked away. “Great.” I groaned. “No hotel, might as well get further away than… still so close to the asylum.

I grumbled to myself the whole way back till I got to the laundry mat and retrieved my clothing gratefully. Then I left the town again and my mind began to drift to my old life.

My mom, my dad, my loser little brother and my best friend, I began to feel my tears stream down my face. This time I let them flow, it didn’t help or change anything but it almost felt better to cry over losing my family, over losing my life, over losing my… boyfriend.

I felt strong hands grip me from behind and someone kiss me on the cheek. “Hello beautiful.” My boyfriend greeted me warmly.

I turned around to face him, he was tall, light hair green eyes and a fair tan. “Hello handsome.” I greeted back and kissed him.

“So what did you want to show me.” He asked enthusiastically.

“Hold on.” I said and I face the can of soda on the picnic table in front of me and I hesitated. “Promise not to think I’m a freak.” I demanded shyly.

“Of course I won’t.” He kissed me again.

I sighed and caused the soda can to levitate.

“What the hell are you doing?” He cried as he stepped away from me.

“This is the thing I told you about.” I cried.

“You-you’re a freak! Get away from me!” He screamed and ran away.

I sat there stunned… that was our two year anniversary of going out… a month before he called the asylum to get me.

I found myself on my knees crying next to the highway in mourning.

Once again I was walking along an empty street in the middle of nowhere with my feet aching almost as much as my broken heart as the shock of everything was dissipating leaving me utterly depressed. I fought the urge to cry this time and kept walking in bitter disappointment. I’ve passed about thirteen cities in an illogical attempt to get away from the asylum any one of them would have done but I wanted to get as far away as possible.

I sighed to myself as I saw a sign for the next exit to some city. “So should I finally stop or keep going?” I asked myself. MY stomach grumbled. “Looks like it’s time to stop.” I sighed almost in relief besides I felt my bladder getting full. I started down the exit as a couple cars passed me by. I decided it would be best if I stopped hitchhiking so I just strolled on despite my feet going so sore I worried they might fall off.

It turns out the exit road led further than I thought as I began to flinch each time my overly sore feet touched the ground. For once I was more worried about my feet than my bladder as I limped down the road towards the growing glow of the city lights. I whimpered with each step as the mixture of my pounding bladder, sore feet and my empty stomach, I thought I was going to faint from the emptiness in my stomach.

I finally staggered into the city limits and heard the church bells ring in the distance signaling three in the morning. It was around then I realized my fatigue and wondered what kind of restaurant would be open at this time of night. Then I noticed the 24 hour burger joint.

“All this junk food is definitely going to kill me.” I muttered to myself as I managed to limp through the doors and was stunned to see a line of people actually up at this time, albeit it was only three. I got in line and felt my bladder pang. I whimpered slightly and decided to go to the restroom only to find it out of order.

I groaned loudly and considered finding a bathroom elsewhere but it was useless there wouldn’t be anywhere to go so I sidled back to the line. One of the customers sat back but there were still two other people. I began to squirm in place as my bladder threatened to burst there and then, and my feet threatened to give out and my stomach was killing me. I allowed myself to draw embarrassment to myself and shove my hand into my clit forcefully. I whimpered softly as I shuffled forward.

Finally it was my turn and the worker gave me a weird look as I squirmed wildly with one hand deep in my crotch. “A cheeseburger, medium coke and fries.” I gasped out awkwardly. I paid the amount and leaned against the wall off to the side as I waited for my food. I hated myself for getting into these situations all the time.

Finally my order came up and I took my tray of food to the furthest corner away from the other late night diners. I tried to eat my food without any soda but I felt a thick feeling in my throat from lack of soda.

I whined slightly as I took the cup up to the soda fountain and turned on the coke nozzle. As the cola gushed into the cup my bladder practically pierced my abdomen causing myself to fidget so wildly I almost spilled my soda. I felt a small trickle of urine dribble into my panties and I forced my left hand into my clit so hard I thought I would cut it and shuffled my feet towards my seat with my legs crossed tightly.

I sat down and proceeded to eat my food in pure agony as tears brimmed my eyes. Each sip of soda I only took when necessary caused a small spurt to leak into my panties. I felt them begin to grow uncomfortably moist as I was half way finished with my burger and every few minutes I would glare at the bathroom door.

I reluctantly grabbed the soda bottle my hand quivering and drew it in for a sip. My bladder panged once again and it felt like white hot daggers were stabbing my abdomen and I felt my urethra burn as I tried to plug it with my finger tips only to have a spurt trickle over it through the panties. I gasped but managed to hold control as I managed to finish my sandwich and fries and I tried for one last drink when it burst. My bladder hurt worse than ever and my urethra pulsed with agony and a long spurt spilled into my panties and dribbled down my hand and left a half dollar sized stain on my skinny jeans. I gasped and tried to regain control when I felt my bladder sear in agony and explode then and there.

A long stream soaked my panties thoroughly and spilled across my hand and left a softball sized stain on my crotch. I gasped painfully as another stream spilled out and ran along my thighs and puddled around my butt. The hot stream of urine soaked my lap and left a dark stain. I moaned louder than I intended and the stream splashed around my finger still in place and puddled around my ass. I moaned as I felt my abdomen contract and sent another spurt around me pooling on the seat.

I moaned once more attempting to stop the flow but the hot pee just trickled around my finger and completely soaked my jeans. My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I moaned as I finally gave up and moved my finger away, my bladder completely exploding. A jet or urine shot across my leg and my pants leg seemed to wave and quiver where the urine streamed along my leg and started to trickle down my calf from my single chair. The hot puddle of urine on my seat began to cascade to the ground.

Its splash seemed deafening as it spilled onto the ground in large steams building up a large puddle beneath me. I moaned as the pee continued to gush around me and stream to the ground below, the hot pee soaked both my lap and the back of my thighs. Occasionally a jet of urine shot along my thighs and flowed down my calves and flowed down before spilling out around my ankle and adding to the already large puddle of urine.

The urine kept gushing under my butt and I was petrified by embarrassment in place as the urine continuously spread out around my seat, warming my butt and thighs before drizzling to the ground in long, hot streams of urine that continued flowing from my burning urethra as it streamed along my thighs for a short time. I moaned again in relief as the hot urine continued to pour out on my seat and caused my pants to wave from the hot pee.

I sat there both aroused and mortified, my mind leaning more towards the latter than the former. The urine flow continued to burst from my urethra and completely soak the chair before splattering to the ground below while all I could do was gape in humiliated horror. The hot pee ran along my leg and began to stream down my calves again, being sure to soak my flats once again before once again cascading to the floor.

Finally the flow began to slow to a dribble as it spilled to the floor in smaller and smaller streams it slowed to a trickle as it splashed to the puddle around my chair and I sat there in a daze with tears streaming down my face. The urine floor finally stopped as the puddle just dripped to the floor leaving me soaked. I allowed myself to cry as I jumped out of my seat and ran out the door leaving the puddle on my seat.

A little urine ran down my legs as I grabbed my bags and ran past the crowd of people who had gathered around to see me. I fled from the restaurant in tears as I ran into the cold air and continued to run with my legs saturated in warm urine that was beginning to cool as I fled from the scene accompanied by the familiar squelch of my shoes as I sprinted along bringing agony to my sore feet.

I finally stopped as I found myself walking down what looked like a rich neighborhood. I shuddered to myself as I walked along the eerily quiet street at the late hours wondering how I had gotten here in my hysterical state. I shivered from the coldness of the drenched jeans. I trudged along till I heard someone cry out.

“Hey you!” A boy’s voice called out. I turned around to see a boy sitting on the first story roof outside his second story window. “What are you doing out this late.” He asked.

“I…uh… do you know where a hotel is around here?” I asked awkwardly glad he couldn’t see my pee stained jeans.

“Not a good one.”

“I’ll take anything. I’m desperate.”

“I… tell you what… this is gonna seem like a sitcom cliché but…” He started before athletically vaulting of the roof with animal like grace before landing before me. I stepped back slightly but he already noticed the soaked jeans still dripping with cold urine. “Uhm, if you can climb up quietly you can stay here for the night then I’ll help you figure things out tomorrow after high school.” He said kindly ignoring my embarrassing situation.

“Uhm…”

“Look you can sleep in my closet or something it will be better than staying at the rat shack you’re looking for, besides you’re desperate remember?” He said smoothly.

“Ok.” I gave in meekly as he showed me away up. I watched him amazed as he climbed the make-shift foot holds with expert precision. As he stood next to his window he looked downwards at me. “Now you try.”

I struggled up the footholds using a mixture of my little muscle power and telekinesis to keep me going up without falling on my butt. I managed to shove myself onto the roof and follow him into the window giving him a clear view of my urine soaked jeans.

“Uh, got any clothes in those bags you left down there?” He asked.

“Yes.” I groaned as I started to go back down to the street. However he bounded past me and retrieved them before quickly scaling back up. “Thanks.” I muttered humiliated.

“No problem, let me show you your room.” He said mimicking a bell hop as he lead me to his large walk in closet it. It ran the entire length of his huge room and was a quarter as wide. I gasped. The wall to the right had a large book case while the back wall hung a bunch of shirts and the front wall had a series of shelves holding jeans, old board games, video games, movies and an air mattress.

He quickly set up the air mattress for me and brought in some extra blankets and pillows for me. “Here you can sleep in here tonight and stay in here while I’m at school. I won’t ask any questions because I doubt you would want to answer them… tomorrow stay here till about one when my mom will leave the house for work, my dad is on a business trip so you will have free reign to eat and wash your clothes till I get back at three then we will see about getting you to a decent hotel.” He sai politely.

“Thank you so much.” I breathed amazed.

“No problem, just don’t murder me in my sleep and I’ll call it even. Besides how can I let a beautiful girl like you wander the streets out there?” He asked before leaving me to my own devices.

I quickly peeled off the pee soaked skinny jeans, a struggle all their own and the black spaghetti top and my panties as I put on my white and yellow stained sofee and decided to just sleep in my bra for the night and collapsed onto the air mattress my extremely sore body passing out instantly.

There you go, my plans got cancelled today so I decided to finish this installment now instead of next week like i planned to. So the next installment is what I'm looking forward to when things get interesting and I will space out the wettings a little more so it doens't seemed so forced and pathetic.

*018*2012-02-12 02:13

{{:

Ibut I for one am hoping she wets her bed at least a little.

}}

That was actually an intent I had early in the brain storming phase and thanks for you critique

*019*2012-02-12 22:36

It seemed like only a few moments after my eyes shut the boy shook me awake excited. My eyes fluttered open lazily as I looked at him in a dreamy daze.

“Ok now its time for questions!” He cried.

“What? Why?” I sat up confused the blankets falling off me revealing my bra. I yanked the blankets backed up instantly. And faced him again.

“I was walking in here to get a shirt and noticed… You were freaking floating!” He cried.

“Oh uh… look I kinda have this secret… I’m telekinetic.” I muttered defeated. “And if you tell anyone,” I started, my voice starting to sound intimidating as I faced him. However he cut me off with a simple trick.

He held out his right hand and suddenly his palm combusted into a bright orange flame which began to float and make different patterns before extinguishing. “I’ve never met anyone like me before…” He trailed off in awe.

“Time to tell me why your running away… and your name.” He said narrowing his eyes.

“Well I’m Annie.” I started then proceeded to tell him my story. While I told it he got dressed and ready for school all the while listening to me. Finally I finished my tale as his mom called him.

“Wow that’s… awful… but look I’ve got to go… oh I’m Isaac.” He said as he started to leave the room.

“Wait where is your bathroom.” I asked trying to sound nonchalant.

“Down the hall third door on the right… but you can’t use it till my mom goes to work.” He commanded.

“Alright.” I sighed and he shut the closet door behind him. I sat there for a moment already bored. I grabbed a water bottle from my duffle bag and quickly downed it and then had a peanut butter sandwich which I washed down with half another water bottle before I felt myself growing tired again and I fell back asleep.

I stumbled my way through a maze, continuously running into dead ends and I heard the low growl of the monster of my nightmares somewhere within the maze. I trembled with fear as I ran, trying to escape the maze before the beast found me. Every five seconds I seemed to turn into a dead end, every ten seconds the beast would growl, each time a little closer.

Adrenaline filled my body as I forced myself forward. I continued to run despite how futile it was, as often as I ran into a dead end and as fast as the monster was that began to close in there was no way I could escape the maze. I kept running nonstop, hoping to escape the inevitable so I ran and ran for what seemed like forever, never growing tired.

I began to grow terrified as I ran into a dead end as I heard the best growl obviously no more than a few turns away from me. I tried to see it over the walls, but the barricades rose even taller than my fear. I backed out and continued running only to run into my last dead end.

I turned around and there stood my biggest fear. The monster from my previous nightmare growled loudly and pounced at me causing me to lose control of my bladder.

I awoke with a start and instantly realized I had wet the bed. I removed the blanket to find myself in a small puddle, my butt was completely soaked however I still desperately needed to go to the bathroom. I began to walk out the door when I heard Isaac’s mom downstairs. I groaned loudly and layed there in pure agony.

I squirmed on the mattress with my hands stuffed into my crotch. I was incredibly desperate and my eyes already brimmed with tears. I allowed myself to sob as my bladder already began to burst. A few spurts trickled into my panties before the full accident occurred.

Suddenly the pee gushed into my sofee soaking every possible inch of it that it could before pooling around me. I moaned with pleasure as the pee began to consume the bed, the hot pee bursting from my urethra and then I managed to stop for once. I groaned bitterly as my bladder hurt worse than before and I squirmed in agony once again but the urge slowly diminished.

I crawled over to my duffle bag and slipped on my skirt, legging and royal blue blouse and sat away from the bed worried about getting a rash so I sat and waited until the desperation came. Then I began to squirm on the chair with both my hands in my crotch and the tears began to stream and finally I heard Isaac’s mom leave.

I cried out in joy as I sat up slowly and crossed my legs. I awkwardly shuffled toward the door barely opening it as I walked into his room opened the door to the hall and headed for his bathroom feeling triumphant. I opened the door and stepped in. The second I saw the toilet my bladder felt like it was on fire. I managed to step in front of the toilet before my bladder gave.

Hot pee exploded down my legs as it soaked my skirt and leggings. The pee mostly ran in a gush of urine that spread out wide as it ran down my thighs before just streaming straight to the carpet below. I moaned once as my bladder emptied itself quickly as a stream of urine ran between my legs as my bladder emptied itself in a hurry.

The flow slowed slightly as a stream of urine ran the length of my legs, swirling around my mid thighs to the back of my calves before trickling across my bare feet and pooling on the carpet. I stood in anger as the urine flow sprayed down my legs and splashed to the ground below and then the flow slowed. I stopped my accident prematurely till it was nothing more than pee dripping from my crotch to the ground below and I fell onto my knees.

I felt the front of my calves soak in the warm puddle of pee before it became nothing more than a disgusting stain of urine. I stood up and walked to Isaac’s room gathered up all my clothing and walked to his laundry room and threw all the clothes in including the outfit I just wore. I peeled off my the soaked clothes till I was completely naked and stood there on the cold concrete floor and started the wash.

I walked upstairs apprehensive in my birthday suit and had a meal of spaghetti and in an attempt to forget all my misery three cans of beer. I miserably headed back down stairs to check on the load of the laundry my footing a little awkward. The load was still running and I stood there for a moment before I realized I still had to pee. I hesitated for a moment.

“I pee myself all the time anyway, why always be embarrassed about it… besides it kinda feels good.” I told myself. I positioned my legs perfectly so that when I forced myself to pee the hot stream of urine ran down my legs. The stream gushed down my thighs around the front of my left leg were my foot hung suspended a few inches above the ground where the urine ran across before tickling to the ground.

The urine gushed down my smooth long legs till my bladder was completely and utterly empty leaving a puddle beneath me that slowly spread out as I pushed myself to sit upon the washer while the load washed. I sat there for a while watching urine drip from my feet to the ground below and then I decided to take a shower.

I took a long hot shower and got out the longest time later and went back downstairs to wait for my clothes. They finally finished washing and I stepped around the puddle of urine to switch the load into the dryer then went upstairs to the family library I saw.

I sat on the chair and began to read a horror story, thirty minutes later I felt the urge to pee and I just peed on the chair, the hot pee staining the soft seats interior and spilling onto the carpet below. I felt guilty but I guess it wouldn’t bring any harm to me since I would be leaving and I was tired of having humiliating accidents why should I care.

Isaac, he was sweet and everything but honestly he would be gone out of my life in a little while anyway, I guess this was my defense mechanism, making sure there would be no chance of Isaac and me having any type of relationship, no matter how cute he was… I heard the dryer finish up so I headed downstairs and changed into my jeans and royal blue blouse.

I began to head upstairs as I heard Isaac arrive home. I walked to the door to greet him. “Hey Isaa-” I stopped standing in front of me was Jonathon. “John?” I asked confused.

“you little…! I helped you and you were an escapee. I nearly lost my job because of you!” He screamed at me.

“Wait what? No! What?” I stuttered confused.

“You really don’t know? I was a guard at the prison! If I knew you were a prisoner that had escaped… Let’s just say I wouldn’t have been so nice.” He said coldly. I watched as he drew a tazer and pointed it at my chest.

“Annie I’m home!” Isaac called as he walked through the door and stopped in his tracks stunned. “Dad?” He asked.

“Hold on Isaac, this girl she’s a freak. Let me make a call to the asylum and then I’ll explain.” He said as he stepped towards the house phone a few feet from him.

Suddenly a jet of flame shot from Isaac’s palm and burned the phone to a crisp. “Annie throw him into the wall.” Isaac said as his dad looked at him in horrified shocked.

I flicked my wrist sending John into the wall hard, causing him to fall unconscious and drop the tazer. Isaac quickly scooped it up before ushering me up the stairs. He emptied out his back pack onto the floor before walking into his closet and stuffing clothes into his bag. Then he grabbed down a backpack from his shelf and told me to go to his sister’s room and take whatever I wanted. I reluctantly followed his instructions. I filled up the backpack with her clothes and I began to feel guilty stealing a girls clothes I just found out existed as I met Isaac in the living room while he quickly emptied his family safe and led me outside.

“My duffle bag!” I cried in shock.

“I put the stuff in my bag now run!” Isaac screamed and led me down the street.

“You let me stay here and your dad was a guard at the asylum?” I cried in anger.

“I didn’t know.” He said softly and I sympathized with him and dropped it till we got a couple blocks away.

“Why didn’t we take your car?” I demanded.

“Because it’s too easy to track.” He said simply and we began to run again much to my dismay.

I stumbled a couple of times and Isaac caught me each time as we ran through the streets lugging backpacks so full they nearly began to rip. I groaned as I felt myself getting woozy and I face-planted.

“Get up.” Isaac said curtly as he helped me up.

“Why should I? Come on we’ve gotten far enough away. You saved me, my hero.” I swooned and tried to kiss him, and for a moment he let me.

He shoved me back slightly. “Is that alcohol on your breath?” He asked disgusted. “Are you drunk.”

“Maybe just a little.” I giggled holding my hand up with my thumb and index finger’s tips slightly apart.

“You’ve got to be kidding me.” He said angrily. He gripped my wrist and tugged me forward and I felt my self dragged through the street and the wooziness come back.

“Isaac stop.” I called at him urgently.

“We’ve got to go!” He urged.

“I said stop.” I tugged back forcing him to stop.

“What now?” He asked.

“I don’t feel so…” I started before vomiting onto the sidewalk. “good.” I muttered before vomiting again.

“Are you serious. We’ve got to go, the asylum isn’t just gonna look for you anymore, there coming after me now as soon as my dad wakes up so get on your feet we’ve got to look for a car now.” He roared.

“A car, steal one.” I muttered while on my knees puking up my lunch.

“Not that easy, now come on.” He ushered and we began to run once again.

*021*2012-02-14 01:44

Thanks, and I would definitely be up for that:) anyway I have several things that will happen next in this story

*022*2012-02-17 01:16

Chapter 3

Isaac’s POV

I pulled Annie along the sidewall by her wrist trying to usher her forward. Her feet constantly fumbled and she nearly fell several times along the way. She was definitely beautiful, but honestly while she was drunk I wanted nothing to do with her or her barf breath. I grit my teeth as I struggled forward as she spoke to me with slightly slurred speech.

“Where are we going?” She asked.

“A car dealership.” I replied bluntly and began to ignore her bumbling.

“Why?” She asked stupidly and stumbled once again.

I just kept walking, I was furious. Not at her, well not completely. I was mad I had to run away with a drunk, but mostly at my dad, at myself, at my abilities. I was frustrated. I had a great life and now it was down the drain because I revealed myself to my dad who would probably hunt me down.

I gritted my teeth and kept walking with my blundering ally to just leave the city and start a new life, hopefully. The best case scenario kinda sucked. I hated my situation and now I kinda hated my dad. I knew it was terrible, but I couldn’t help it.

I slugged forward with my runaway trailing behind me as the dealership loomed before me. I picked up my pace causing Annie to fall on her face again.

“Get up.” I muttered and tried to help her up. She groaned and pushed herself to her feet and limped after me. “Just meet me at the dealership when you can work up the skill to walk.” I said harshly and I left her a few blocks from the dealership as I ran forward.

I stepped through the doors coolly searching for my friend for a few minutes before noticing him at the far end. I approached him casually. “Hey, uh do you got any cars for me?’ I asked.

“You need a car? Dude you got a mustang.” He replied.

“I need something no one would find me in… for free.” I replied bluntly.

“You want me to steal a car for you?” He cried. “Bro, you’re my best friend, but I can’t just give you a car. Do you want me to get you fired… who is she?” He asked pointing behind me.

I turned around to see Annie coming through the door in a drunken stumble and lean against me shoulder as I turned to face my friend. “It’s just Annie.” I muttered bitterly.

“Is she drunk.” He asked skeptically.

“Just a little.” Annie giggled.

“you’re not kidnapping her are you.” He asked.

“More like the other way around unfortunately.” I muttered.

“Nice… and fine… I got something.” He muttered and he led me to a back lot I never saw before. He led me straight to the worse car in the lot. A regular jalopy. I groaned.

“This is the best you can get me?” I pleaded.

“Sorry man, but unless you want the cops looking for you, this won’t be missed.” He said holding out the keys. “Besides it’s even got a license plate, even though it’s a North Dakota one, but that’s probably better to keep from being found right?”

“Thanks.” I muttered… I hesitated him but gave him a “bro-hug” after all this would be the last time I would see him. I helped Annie into the back seat and awkwardly buckled her up, she fell onto the seat and passed out. I hoped she would be safe, mostly. “Good-bye.” I muttered and I drove away in the rickety car with half a tank of gas.

I hoped this would get us far enough away and I drove in silence through the streets of my hometown. I felt myself grow more and more miserable as I got closer and closer to leaving the city limits. I groaned as I pulled over to a gas station near the highway exit, bought a full tank and then proceeded to leave my life behind for good.

Hours later I drove down the moderately filled highway in the dark with dim head lights that I worried would burn out, in a car I was worried would completely break on the bumps. I had a lot of time to think and I decided one thing, I was leaving this country, it would only be a matter of time before they found two psychics, unless we hid out in Europe, more specifically Berlin, Germany. First I had to reach my friend in California to sneak us aboard a flight from LAX to the beautiful city I always intended to visit, although on better circumstances.

I felt the car groan as it trudged down the highway, I barely stayed above the minimum in an attempt to keep the car from collapsing onto the street below us. I heard a different groan suddenly as I heard another groan. Annie’s.

“Oh, where am I.” She asked painfully.

“In a rust bucket heading towards California.” I muttered.

“Why… Oh, my heads killing me!” She whined.

“You’re hung over? From how many beers?” I asked.

“Three.” She said meekly.

“Not very many, you need to learn how to hold your liquor missy.” I muttered.

“How many do you drink… Ow! Don’t hit so many bumps.” She groaned.

“None, I abstain from alcohol.” I muttered and she stayed silently except her groaning.

I drove on through the dark night, technically morning and I felt myself begin to grow weary as he night dragged on and I realized I would need to stop in the next town for a rest.

“I don’t feel so good.” I heard Annie gripe.

“Don’t puke again.” I muttered.

“It’s not like that, it’s a little different.” She moaned and I just began to ignore her again as I drove forward and saw the next exit would be in five miles.

“well wait till we stop at the hotel and I’ll try to help you.” I said.

“Ok.” She whined softly. I heard her groan more periodically and shift in her seat as I took the exit and drove down the route to some city to stay in some hotel.

Finally we came onto the decent sized city and I only had to drive a short while before we came upon a decent hotel. I went in and bought our room before coming back out to park the car and usher Annie out.

I grabbed her delicately by she shoulder and led her to the room. Accompanied by my groaning friend who had her arms around her stomach I led her to our room. The room had two queen sized beds, a recliner and a small TV. I sat on the one closest to the door and turned to face Annie who was still grasping her abdomen and doubled over in pain.

“So what’s wrong exactly?” I asked trying to sound sincere.

“I think…” She started to say before a hiss emitted from her legs. I watched as a stain appeared around her crotch and pee ran down her mid thighs. I sat my mouth agape as pee streamed down her legs and I watched a stain appear as the hiss roared before it was interrupted by a disgusting sound protruding from her butt.

I gagged as a disgusting scent wavered over towards me. “Did you just… defecate?” I asked disgusted.

She nodded her head her face a deep scarlet as the stream of pee continued and a large puddle appeared around her feet and another disgusting sound emitted as she trembled a couple times before one long loud one emitted and she burst into tears and I was thoroughly disgusted with her. I stared a gape as she ran into the bathroom and I listened to her sob.

I sat on the bed in disgust staring at the puddle of urine on the floor and wondered what I was going to do. Finally I knocked on the door.

“Go away.” She demanded.

I sighed as I walked through the door to find her naked on the toilet her clothes bundled in the bathtub. “look its not that bad.” I said.

“No this is disgusting.” She said, not caring I saw her naked.

“Well I’ll admit it is disgusting you… pooped yourself, but its ok I mean people have accidents all the time.” I assured her.

“When was the last time you had an accident?” She replied bitterly.

I stood there, wondering if she was worth what I was about to do next. I finally decided she was as I forced myself to pee. I felt the hot liquid slither down my legs. It actually kinda felt good I thought as the warm urine soaked my jeans and pooled around my feet.

She looked up shocked and I smiled. “See not that bad, but I’m going to take a shower now soo…” I muttered.

“Let me take one first.” She pleaded.

“Or… at the same time as me?” I offered. I saw her face blush again. “Look I’ve already seen you naked and it will save time.” I said trying to make it sound reasonable.

“Ok.” She stuttered.

I smirked and started a steamy shower and we both got in. Despite what I expected the shower was awkward and we found ourselves back to back showering with the hotel soap. Suddenly I felt Annie bump into me and we both turned around to face each other and I grabbed her and began to kiss her.

Despite what I said about saving time, we found ourselves in there till the water turned lukewarm, then we found ourselves naked in the same bed spooning till we fell asleep.

I found myself waking up to a warmly damp mattress and realized Annie wet the bed. I shook her awake as little more urine dribbled from her urethra. Her eyes fluttered open groggily. “Let’s never do this again.” I muttered. As I slipped on my still wet pants and then my shirt. “I’ll go get our bags and we can change then leave ok?” I asked.

A few minutes later I came back with both bags and tossed her the other one. I quickly changed into a lighter pair of jeans and a t-shirt before facing her as she changed into yoga pants and a purple spaghetti top. “I think I’m going to leave those clothes in the tub, can we leave now.” She asked bitterly.

I nodded my head as we left the room, I noticed how great she looked and groaned. I couldn’t have a relationship with her. I decided and we checked out and left the city in the rust bucket on our way to California.

This is officially chapter three even though its been several installment. In this chapter I've done several things I ddin't plan on, like making a Isaac point of view installment and even cause him to have an accident, so tell me how you like it and you may see more point of views from him and even a couple accidents in the upcoming chapters.

*024*2012-02-17 22:22

{{:

Not a fan of male wetting, but so long as it remains intentional I think I'll be okay.

}}

Neither am I so that's why I left is short and undetailed

