My short stories collection!

Author: froggychan

*000*2015-01-30 06:43

I decided to make a single super-thread for all my creative single-post omorashi writing. Im doing this because not only does it help me practice my skills as a writer, but for convenience as well. I'll be writing fictions that stand by themselves in this single thread. I have a whole bunch of ideas for fiction, and I dont want to make separate threads for each of them, im sure that drowning out other fiction writers would be annoying and rude. Same for the fiction section of the site. So thats all I have for now. Enjoy, and please leave any criticisms and feedback, I appreciate it! I'll start off with one story

STORY 1: OFFICER DOWN

Officer Danielle Grey was excited to be alone in her police cruiser. She worked hard for her promotion from working behind a desk to a rookie, and now she finally got promoted to the title of a Sheriff, meaning that she didnt need a supervisor anymore breathing down her neck. She was given her own gun, pair of handcuffs, and ever her own police car licensed to her.

The midnight shift was one of the most dangerous, yet exciting shifts for any police officer. That's when all the criminals come out, meaning that each night would be a busy one.

Danielle drove around aimlessly through the streets, on patrol. It was her first night, so she had to get used to working at that time. She had a cup of really strong coffee before she signed in for patrol, along with a refill and a bottle of water. The caffeine was supposed to make sure she wouldnt doze off or anything, she needed to be fully aware of her surroundings. She brushed her curly blond hair away from her blue eyes, and started to listen to the communications radio.

She was called up to resolve a domestic dispute and a loud music compliant. After both were dealt with, she returned to patrolling the streets. She finished up her bottle of water, and felt as alive as ever! However, there was one thing she noticed. Her bladder had filled up. She didnt need to go to the bathroom immediately. Danielle guessed that she could wait.

About twenty minutes when by. Her need was quickly starting to annoy her. She had never been a patient person before, so whenever she needed to go, no matter if it was a little, she would go. But tonight, she had to wait, it was her job.

A third call when out for the night, calling for multiple units. Somebody was shot in an apartment building. She made her way to the complex, which was about 15 minutes away. She felt her adrenaline pump through her body. Danielle noticed that the nervousness and excitement did no service to her bladder.

When she got to the complex, there were two other cruisers and an ambulance. Another officer went to her and explained that the suspect was already in another car, and the victim was being taken to the hospital. But they were starting their questioning of witness and tenants. By standard protocol, once she was at the scene, she couldnt leave until the area was determined safe. The other 3 officers were busying questioning people, so she decided to stand around, waiting for anything to happen. It took the officers only about 10 minutes. During that time, she paced around. Her bladder was now requesting to be emptied. But Danielle had no right to go into an apartment and ask for toilet use, it wasnt allowed. So she waited.

After the officers packed up the scene, she rushed back to her car. At least she could drive to the station really quick, she was allowed to take small breaks as long as she signed in. She drove to the station, with her bladder beginning to demand relief.

Suddenly at a traffic light, a car sped right in front of her, skipping the red light. Immediately, she sounded her siren, and quickly chased down the car. The car hit the brakes all of a sudden, which forced Danielle to hit her brakes too. The stop sent her going forward, but her seatbelt held her down. The belt was tight, and pressed against her bladder, which intensified her need. Shit

She had to maintain composure as she got out of her car. Danielle did her best to hide her desperation, as she walked up to the driver of the car. The driver of the beat-up van was an equally-trashy young woman, early twenties. Under her baseball cap, the woman's hair was blond with black streaks, and tied in a messy ponytail. Her large green eyes were red and she looked sick.

"Hello ma'am, may I see your license? You're being pulled over for speeding"

"Oh......shit, sure I think"

She fumbled around by her side. The smell hit Danielle instantly.

"Ma'am, may you please exit the vehicle?"

"Whoa, what, why?" the young woman responded in a blurry but surprised voice

"I believe you are under the influence of alcohol"

"Fuck yeah, thats right...I guess"

"How much have you had to drink tonight?"

The woman laughed, "You know, just enough"

"A few pints?"

"Nah, umm, a pack or so...."

"OK, step out please"

The young woman stepped out. She was wearing a pink tank top that was soaked in the front with a sweet smelling liquid, and white cargo pants. She stumbled out of the car, with Danielle helping her up. With that movement, Danielle felt her bladder get more aggressive. I have to control myself

"Let me see you're license"

The young woman gave her the card from her hand with a "Ta-da!" and laughed hysterically. Danielle wasnt as amused.

20-year old Carrie Parkson. 20 years old, just one year below the limit. Drunk driving and underaged drinking. Danielle finally bagged one for herself.

"OK ma'am, put your hands behind your back please"

"What, no...fuck off, please"

"C'mon". Danielle grabbed Carrie's arms without much force, and cuffed them

"Please....shit, I drank too much"

"I know"

"No, you...don't know shit, I drank a lot now I gotta piss"

So do I. "You should have had a friend drive you home then"

"Fuck, please...I'm gonna piss my pants.."

"Wait until you get to the station" she said as she tried to force Carrie into the car

"No....oh shit....feels good....". Danielle looked down and stepped away a little as Carrie's white cargos immediately went transparent with liquid. The spot traveled down her legs, pooling at her feet. The transparency showed her blue panties soaked under the pants.

"You bitch...you made me wet myself, fuck you......"

"You could have waited" she responded as she forced Carrie into the back of the car. She read her the Miranda rights, and shut the door on her, as she was mumbling something. Finally, to the station, as she called for a tow.

Carrie shifted uncomfortably in the back. She was handcuffed, but her hands could still reach to her back pocket. In it, something Danielle forgot to check while distracted by her own need: a pocketknife. Carrie used her fingers to reach for it, and play with the lock of the handcuffs. After a while, she uncuffed herself. She began laughing drunkenly.

"Whats so funny back there?"

"Oh...this, you, um, bitch" she replied, as she lunged forward to Danielle's surprise.

"Hey!"

She hit the brakes as Carrie had both arms around her neck. She had the knife on the other. She wrestled her way to the front seat, stealing Danielle's pistol. In all that wrestling, Danielle noticed she had leaked a little in her underwear.

"I'll kill you....fucking bitch, now you put...your hands up or something...."

"OK, just relax..."

Danielle stepped out of the car, followed by Carrie. Her desperation couldn't be suppressed anymore

"Hands behind your hands"

Assuming she meant "back", Danielle obeyed. Carrie walked her to a tree.

"Hug it, you're in jail now"

"Wh-"

"Hug it you fucker or I'll die you!"

Danielle embraced the tree, still crossing her legs. Carrie went in front of her, and handcuffed her. Danielle was bound to the tree.

"Ill come...get you in the tomorrow, so you...*hiccup*...can think about why youre here"

"Wait, please don't leave me!"

"Oh shit, why not?"

Danielle had to be a little honest.

"Umm..I need to, you know....pee...."

Carrie laughed hysterically, then rubbed her wet pants.

"If you made me wet myself, you to do too"

"Please..."

"Bitch, do it here. Go, wet yourself or Ill shoot"

"No..."

"Ill do it,just get...over with it"

Whimpering, Danielle knew she was at her mercy. She closed her eyes, and let go. Her uniform pants was black, so nothing was shown, but felt. She felt warmness go down freely down her legs. She crouched a little, so it wouldnt go up her little white panties underneath. There were streams that fell from her thighs and lower butt to the grass below. She turned red with humiliation. Danielle turned to look at Carrie, who was laughing hysterically.

"C-can you not...I mean....umm...p-ple-"

"That was funny, hope you...uh, enjoyed it"

With that, Carrie drunkenly stumbled away into the street, throwing the gun to the floor.

"Wait!" Danielle shouted out. "Don't leave me like this!"

Carrie flipped her middle finger at her, without turning back.

Danielle couldn't get to the radio either to ask for help. The area she was in was dark, and desolate, lighted up only by the headlights of her car. Not much people went by here. Maybe if she hadn't turned off the emergency lights, someone would have noticed.

"Help! Anyone, please!" she shouted out for the next ten or so minutes.

She whined as her pants began to cool in the cold night air. She was damp and cold, and beyond that, humiliated. Her first night as a sheriff, and she was handcuffed to a tree in wet pants. Who knows how long she'd be here? Someone would eventually find her, but not until maybe a couple of hours, in her disgraced state.

Danielle sighed. At least she wasn't desperate.

Her sighs of relief turned into groans, as she sat down and waited for help. This is going to be a long night.

*003*2015-01-31 02:45

Some police cars dont have barriers, i think. Either way, ill still go for realism if thats what you guys would like. Thanks, and enjoy!

STORY 2: DINNER RUSH

The first few orders came in, and within a few minutes, the first two dozen poured in. Friday night was the busiest for the Yellow Kitchen, the most upscale restaurant in the area.

For Chef Allison Boudreau, it was just another night, as usual. She had no problem with it. When she left culinary school, she had left home to train in the best restaurants all over Europe, China and the United States, so she was ready.

Tonight would be different though. The owner of the Yellow Kitchen had added a new menu for drinks. Allison was asked to write up recipes for cocktails and other fancy wine mixes. And naturally, she had to taste everyone of them, as the other chefs werent yet familiar with the recipe.

And with the orders of food came the drinks. Between frying and grilling stuff, the other chefs would call out to her.

"Chef, I got a raspberry white wine ready"

Allison would pour some of the drink into her little shotglass, to approve or deny. Tonight, she would be denying lots of them

"Way too sweet, try it again"

"You used brown sugar, use white sugar"

"The daiquiri has too many loose flavors, balance them"

The chefs needed time. As the head chef, Allison was lenient and had patience, so she was willing to keep tasting the samples. But they were alcoholic, so she drank water after each drink.

Time had gone by fast. It was already 8:00 pm. Still, it got busier.

Allison finished preparing a lobster dish that takes time. As she rushed to decorate the dish with lettuce and rice, she noticed that she needed the bathroom. Her bladder was full of gourmet drinks and water.

She had no time for a break though. As the head chef, she had to keep the kitchen together and running.

"Gotta keep my cool" she thought to herself

A wave of orders came up. She commanded the kitchen through the orders, all while drinking the mediocre drinks that she had to keep sampling again and again. Although it wasnt enough liquid to get her drunk, it filled her bladder even more.

"OK, now I need to pee" she thought to herself in urgency. "Just step out quickly, they wont see you"

Just as Allison was sneaking out to the restroom, someone called her. The waiter was at the window.

"I got a chef's special seafood platter, group size!"

Only Allison knew how to make the dish, and it was time consuming. She could only groan as she forced herself back to the stove to prepare the dish. Brushing her curly light red hair away from her Irish blue eyes, she collected her composure and when to get the ingredients.

She entered the freezer to collect the ingredients. She shivered as she entered. The cold made the desperation temporarily more urgent. She rushed through, and walked quickly to the kitchen. Right there, she tripped and fell, crashing into the door.

"Shit!"

The impact hurt her bladder pretty hard. She stood up, holding herself through her apron. She was cold and had a sudden punch to her bladder. Now she was truly desperate. Allison hurried to get out of the freezer. But the door wouldnt budge.

She was horrified. Her impact shut the door in a position where it was stuck. She pulled and pulled, but no use.

"Help!" she shouted out. No answer. She tried pounding on the door. Still no answer. The kitchen was pretty loud, so she realized her shouting was drowned out by the shouting of 35 other chefs.

"This isnt good" she thought to herself, as she rubbed her hands together in the cold. She then rubbed down to her thighs, where she jogged in place. The coldness made it even worse.

Someone tried opening the door.

"Hello?"

"Yeah, im in here!"

"Chef Boudreau, are you there, theyre looking for you!"

"Yeah, im stuck, the door wont open"

Allison was close to mentioning her desperation.

"Hold on!"

Allison stood a second or so waiting. All of a sudden, the door slammed open, hitting her. She fell to the floor. Her stomach was hit directly by the door handle. As she laid there, she felt herself begin to lose control

"Chef, im sorry!" said the other chef as he helped Allison up. She felt the growing wetness, and got up by her own self quickly

"N-no, youre fine, please!" she stammered as she ran away.

She darted out through the backdoor, into the alleyway, unsure of what to do. She was still peeing her black slacks as she desperately thought of what do.

"Whats the point, im already peeing...." she thought sadly to herself as she gave up. She stood there in defeat as she uncontrollably wet her pants. The once comfy white silk panties underneath were saturated, and stuck uncomfortably to her private area. Her leather shoes were spared as she had long socks that absorbed her urine before it pooled in her shoes.

The relief was amazing. She moaned in it. But then, she heard someone yell for her assistance. Snapping back to reality, she realized the wetness of her slacks was hidden by the darkness of the pants themselves.

Still embarrassed, she entered the building, hoping her wetness would stay hidden. She dabbed a bunch of hand sanitizer on her hands, and adjusted her composure.

As she walked to the kitchen, she felt her panties already ride up.

She groaned in discomfort. And she still had 3 hours to go until midnight too....

*006*2015-02-01 04:57

STORY 3: GARDEN WORK

Rose Logans took a deep breath in. The afternoon air smelled like freshly cut grass. The birds on the trees in her yard were singing joyfully. She took a moment to admire her yard. She ran her own landscaping company, so her garden was her personal template for new ideas. And it worked well.

Rose snapped out of her trance, and got up from her lawn chair. She finished up the last of her lemonade, and went to her shed. She put her gloves on, and undid the garden hose. The afternoon was the best time to water the orange trees and berry bushes.

This time though, Rose was feeling a little adventurous. She had spent the afternoon sitting outside, drinking a mix of iced tea and lemonade. A few days ago, she became super desperate while on a job, and made it just on time to the bathroom. She had never been that desperate before. That experience of intense desperate made Rose feel "weird", but a good kind of "weird". Almost like arousal. So she wanted to do it again, out of curiosity.

Rose didnt look like the "naughty kind". She had jet black hair that went all the way down to her lower back. The hair color contrasted nicely with her deep green eyes and soft, caramel-colored skin, tan from working hours under the sun. With those features, along with a petite body and a cute and high-pitched voice, nobody would ever expect such an innocent looking young lady to have "those kind" of "urges".

But Rose did, and she was going to find out more about them. Today, she had on her yellow tank top and brown tight shorts, with working boots. Putting on a white sun hat, she decided to work on her yard while working on her curiosities.

Undoing the hose from the hanger, she felt her bladder began to send signals to her brain.

I already need to pee

She giggled, and made her way to the bushes.

Spraying the bushes with the hose, Rose wondered if what they say is true: hearing running water makes you more desperate. She closed her eyes as she watered the bushes. Such a soothing noise. Rose lowered her hand to her crotch.

She moaned with pleasure. Her bladder was responding to the sound of streaming water. It wanted to feel that pleasure as well.

Opening her eyes, she stopped spraying, and walked to the trees. She gripped her crotch all the way, still enjoying the weird adrenaline pump.

Once she watered the trees, closing her eyes again, she had another great idea. She figured out how to make herself more desperate. The water she used was fresh, so there was no risk.

Rose then put the nozzle of the hose into her mouth, and pressed on the switch. Water poured down her throat with pressure, forcing her to take the nozzle out.

She coughed and choked, banging on her flat chest. The cold water shot down her throat made her bladder cry out more. The choking episode made her leak a little.

She groaned, doing an exaggerated pee dance. She went back to the shed, giving out fake and playful whimpers.

Rolling up the hose, Rose went to her patio to get the bottle of weed-killer. She walked by the glass panel, admiring herself. She inspected the small wet spot left by the leak of the choking episode. The spot wasnt too big. Her eyes traced the panty lines on her shorts. She pulled them up, making the panty lines more noticeable.

Rose went to pick up the weed-killer. Her bladder was still asking for relief, getting more aggressive. She grabbed her crotch in honest desperation, crossing her legs.

She walked again by the door. She stopped in front.

Playfully, she pretended to cry, seeing her act on the reflection of the glass.

"Please, let me in!" she grabbed her crotch and jumped and jogged in place.

"I need to pee so badly, I dont want to wet my pants!!!"

She stopped dancing and took her hands off her crotch. She giggled, and turned red with embarrassment, although nobody was around to watch her silly act. The dancing did stimulate her bladder more.

Taking a deep breath, she walked to her driveway to start killing the weeds. She sprayed and pulled them out. The weeds were tough, so it took nearly an hour. Her driveway was big, like her house. It could fit 4 cars, and also included a small personal road, so it took about am hour. The medium fountain provided Rose the noise she needed to feel more desperate .

An hour later, Rose was bursting for the toilet. She couldnt stay still. Her groans were legitimately made from desperation. She had to keep grabbing her crotch. All the rubbing against her parts aroused her.

She was at the point of no return. She got up to throw the weeds into the trash can. Her bladder burned with urgency.

Rose could no longer do it. Moaning in pain and enjoyment, she peed her pants.

Her shorts quickly went transparent, with a large majority of her butt and thighs saturating in pee, revealing her purple panties with little pink flowers. Her tan and athletic legs glistened with the streams of liquid that poured down.

"Ahhh..."

The feeling was orgasmic. Rose touched herself.

The feeling of the wet fabric of her privates aroused her even more. She rubbed faster and faster.

Rose never knew how excited she would become. The desperation was just not enough.

With that, she felt another relief

"Ahhh!"

She moaned with relief, as she had another kind of accident in her pants.

Rose sat there in the wet grass, panting. Her underwear and shorts were soaked with more than just urine. She was a mess.

She couldnt help but smile as she stood up. She rubbed her thighs, feeling the cool fabric rub on her soft skin.

Rose went back inside to the shower, enjoying the feeling as she walked.

No worries, i wont stop lol

STORY 3: GARDEN WORK

Rose Logans took a deep breath in. The afternoon air smelled like freshly cut grass. The birds on the trees in her yard were singing joyfully. She took a moment to admire her yard. She ran her own landscaping company, so her garden was her personal template for new ideas. And it worked well.

Rose snapped out of her trance, and got up from her lawn chair. She finished up the last of her lemonade, and went to her shed. She put her gloves on, and undid the garden hose. The afternoon was the best time to water the orange trees and berry bushes.

This time though, Rose was feeling a little adventurous. She had spent the afternoon sitting outside, drinking a mix of iced tea and lemonade. A few days ago, she became super desperate while on a job, and made it just on time to the bathroom. She had never been that desperate before. That experience of intense desperate made Rose feel "weird", but a good kind of "weird". Almost like arousal. So she wanted to do it again, out of curiosity.

Rose didnt look like the "naughty kind". She had jet black hair that went all the way down to her lower back. The hair color contrasted nicely with her deep green eyes and soft, caramel-colored skin, tan from working hours under the sun. With those features, along with a petite body and a cute and high-pitched voice, nobody would ever expect such an innocent looking young lady to have "those kind" of "urges".

But Rose did, and she was going to find out more about them. Today, she had on her yellow tank top and brown tight shorts, with working boots. Putting on a white sun hat, she decided to work on her yard while working on her curiosities.

Undoing the hose from the hanger, she felt her bladder began to send signals to her brain.

"I already need to pee" Rose said out loud to herself. She giggled, and made her way to the bushes.

Spraying the bushes with the hose, Rose wondered if what they say is true: hearing running water makes you more desperate. She closed her eyes as she watered the bushes. Such a soothing noise. Rose lowered her hand to her crotch.

She moaned with pleasure. Her bladder was responding to the sound of streaming water. It wanted to feel that pleasure as well.

Opening her eyes, she stopped spraying, and walked to the trees. She gripped her crotch all the way, still enjoying the weird adrenaline pump.

Once she watered the trees, closing her eyes again, she had another great idea. She figured out how to make herself more desperate. The water she used was fresh, so there was no risk.

Rose then put the nozzle of the hose into her mouth, and pressed on the switch. Water poured down her throat with pressure, forcing her to take the nozzle out.

She coughed and choked, banging on her flat chest. The cold water shot down her throat made her bladder cry out more. The choking episode made her leak a little.

She groaned, doing an exaggerated pee dance. She went back to the shed, giving out fake and playful whimpers.

Rolling up the hose, Rose went to her patio to get the bottle of weed-killer. She walked by the glass panel, admiring herself. She inspected the small wet spot left by the leak of the choking episode. The spot wasnt too big. Her eyes traced the panty lines on her shorts. She pulled them up, making the panty lines more noticeable.

Rose went to pick up the weed-killer. Her bladder was still asking for relief, getting more aggressive. She grabbed her crotch in honest desperation, crossing her legs.

She walked again by the door. She stopped in front.

Playfully, she pretended to cry, seeing her act on the reflection of the glass.

"Please, let me in!" she grabbed her crotch and jumped and jogged in place.

"I need to pee so badly, I dont want to wet my pants!!!"

She stopped dancing and took her hands off her crotch. She giggled, and turned red with embarrassment, although nobody was around to watch her silly yet sexy act. The dancing did stimulate her bladder more.

Taking a deep breath, she walked to her driveway to start killing the weeds. She sprayed and pulled them out. The weeds were tough, so it took nearly an hour. Her driveway was big, like her house. It could fit 4 cars, and also included a small personal road, so it took about am hour. The medium fountain provided Rose the noise she needed to feel more desperate .

An hour later, Rose was bursting for the toilet. She couldnt stay still. Her groans were legitimately made from desperation. She had to keep grabbing her crotch. All the rubbing against her parts aroused her.

She was at the point of no return. She got up to throw the weeds into the trash can. Her bladder burned with urgency.

Rose could no longer do it. Moaning in pain and enjoyment, she peed her pants.

Her shorts quickly went transparent, with a large majority of her butt and thighs saturating in pee, revealing her purple panties with little pink flowers. Her tan and athletic legs glistened with the streams of liquid that poured down.

"Ahhh..."

The feeling was orgasmic. Rose touched herself.

The feeling of the wet fabric of her privates aroused her even more. She rubbed faster and faster.

Rose never knew how excited she would become. The desperation was just not enough.

With that, she felt another relief

"Ahhh!"

She moaned with relief, as she had another kind of accident in her pants.

Rose sat there in the wet grass, panting. Her underwear and shorts were soaked with more than just urine. She was a mess.

She couldnt help but smile as she stood up. She rubbed her thighs, feeling the cool fabric rub on her soft skin.

Rose went back inside to the shower, enjoying the feeling as she walked.

No worries, i wont stop lol

STORY 3: GARDEN WORK

Rose Logans took a deep breath in. The afternoon air smelled like freshly cut grass. The birds on the trees in her yard were singing joyfully. She took a moment to admire her yard. She ran her own landscaping company, so her garden was her personal template for new ideas. And it worked well.

Rose snapped out of her trance, and got up from her lawn chair. She finished up the last of her lemonade, and went to her shed. She put her gloves on, and undid the garden hose. The afternoon was the best time to water the orange trees and berry bushes.

This time though, Rose was feeling a little adventurous. She had spent the afternoon sitting outside, drinking a mix of iced tea and lemonade. A few days ago, she became super desperate while on a job, and made it just on time to the bathroom. She had never been that desperate before. That experience of intense desperate made Rose feel "weird", but a good kind of "weird". Almost like arousal. So she wanted to do it again, out of curiosity.

Rose didnt look like the "naughty kind". She had jet black hair that went all the way down to her lower back. The hair color contrasted nicely with her deep green eyes and soft, caramel-colored skin, tan from working hours under the sun. With those features, along with a petite body and a cute and high-pitched voice, nobody would ever expect such an innocent looking young lady to have "those kind" of "urges".

But Rose did, and she was going to find out more about them. Today, she had on her yellow tank top and brown tight shorts, with working boots. Putting on a white sun hat, she decided to work on her yard while working on her curiosities.

Undoing the hose from the hanger, she felt her bladder began to send signals to her brain.

"I already need to pee" Rose said out loud to herself. She giggled, and made her way to the bushes.

Spraying the bushes with the hose, Rose wondered if what they say is true: hearing running water makes you more desperate. She closed her eyes as she watered the bushes. Such a soothing noise. Rose lowered her hand to her crotch.

She moaned with pleasure. Her bladder was responding to the sound of streaming water. It wanted to feel that pleasure as well.

Opening her eyes, she stopped spraying, and walked to the trees. She gripped her crotch all the way, still enjoying the weird adrenaline pump.

Once she watered the trees, closing her eyes again, she had another great idea. She figured out how to make herself more desperate. The water she used was fresh, so there was no risk.

Rose then put the nozzle of the hose into her mouth, and pressed on the switch. Water poured down her throat with pressure, forcing her to take the nozzle out.

She coughed and choked, banging on her flat chest. The cold water shot down her throat made her bladder cry out more. The choking episode made her leak a little.

She groaned, doing an exaggerated pee dance. She went back to the shed, giving out fake and playful whimpers.

Rolling up the hose, Rose went to her patio to get the bottle of weed-killer. She walked by the glass panel, admiring herself. She inspected the small wet spot left by the leak of the choking episode. The spot wasnt too big. Her eyes traced the panty lines on her shorts. She pulled them up, making the panty lines more noticeable.

Rose went to pick up the weed-killer. Her bladder was still asking for relief, getting more aggressive. She grabbed her crotch in honest desperation, crossing her legs.

She walked again by the door. She stopped in front.

Playfully, she pretended to cry, seeing her act on the reflection of the glass.

"Please, let me in!" she grabbed her crotch and jumped and jogged in place.

"I need to pee so badly, I dont want to wet my pants!!!"

She stopped dancing and took her hands off her crotch. She giggled, and turned red with embarrassment, although nobody was around to watch her silly act. The dancing did stimulate her bladder more.

Taking a deep breath, she walked to her driveway to start killing the weeds. She sprayed and pulled them out. The weeds were tough, so it took nearly an hour. Her driveway was big, like her house. It could fit 4 cars, and also included a small personal road, so it took about am hour. The medium fountain provided Rose the noise she needed to feel more desperate .

An hour later, Rose was bursting for the toilet. She couldnt stay still. Her groans were legitimately made from desperation. She had to keep grabbing her crotch. All the rubbing against her parts aroused her.

She was at the point of no return. She got up to throw the weeds into the trash can. Her bladder burned with urgency.

Rose could no longer do it. Moaning in pain and enjoyment, she peed her pants.

Her shorts quickly went transparent, with a large majority of her butt and thighs saturating in pee, revealing her purple panties with little pink flowers. Her tan and athletic legs glistened with the streams of liquid that poured down.

"Ahhh..."

The feeling was orgasmic. Rose touched herself.

The feeling of the wet fabric of her privates aroused her even more. She rubbed faster and faster.

Rose never knew how excited she would become. The desperation was just not enough.

With that, she felt another relief

"Ahhh!"

She moaned with relief, as she had another kind of accident in her pants.

Rose sat there in the wet grass, panting. Her underwear and shorts were soaked with more than just urine. She was a mess.

She couldnt help but smile as she stood up. She rubbed her thighs, feeling the cool fabric rub on her soft skin.

Rose went back inside to the bathroom to shower, enjoying the feeling as she walked.

Should I shower?

She stood there wondering. Rose smiled naughtily as she instead made her way to the kitchen to prepare herself another pint of iced tea, still enjoying the luxury of her wet shorts.

*009*2015-02-01 16:36

I can see that

I was typing it on a word document (i wasnt with internet), so i assume something happened when i pasted it

*010*2015-02-05 05:26

STORY FOUR: RANSOM

Maxine Collins sat in her seat sobbing gently. The tears streamed out from under her blindfold. The gag in her mouth was loose enough for her to let out muffled sobs. She had no idea of what was going on. She could only remember that she was on her way home from the office on the Subway train. She was bursting for a toilet, as she was one of the last few people in the office, so janitorial services had shut down the only toilet for cleaning. Maxine had been holding herself shamelessly on the train, making a scene as she stomped her feet in place and whimpered loudly. Maxine finally found a toilet, but she was spurting her pants by then. As she struggled to take her pants off, already peeing in them, she recalled that a mysterious woman had followed her into the bathroom, wearing a hoodie and sunglasses to conceal her identity. The woman had called out to Maxine, with one hand behind her back. And it went blank from there.

Maxine assumed that she had been a captive for quite a while now, as her pants was mostly dry, with some dampness on her panties around her privates. Her legs felt a little sticky, and she reeked of pee. Although she had emptied her bladder already, Maxine felt her bladder fill yet again. She had been working long hours since the morning until late night, so she filled herself with heavily caffeinated cups of coffee throughout the day. She was sure that her bladder didn't let out all the coffee from the long day. Perhaps not even half of what she had drank.

Two hours or so had passed since she had awoken. Her desperation was now urgent. Maxine didn't have the luxury of being allowed to jam her hands between her legs as they were tied to the armrests of the chair. She didn't even have the luxury of crossing her legs, as each leg was tied to the respective leg of the chair. The only thing she could do is cry and squirm against her restrains. She light brown long hair was messy. The back of her green dress shirt was soaked in sweat, and the area under her armpits were transparent with sweat as well, revealing part of her frilly white bra that matched with her frilly panties, which were probably stained yellow from before. Maxine did her best to hold her pee. She didn't want to wet her pants, because she had a feeling that she wouldn't be getting any clean clothes anytime soon.

All of a sudden, she heard a door open, and then close, even though she couldn't see who it was. Footsteps were getting closer. Suddenly, a blinding light stunned Maxine, as she closed her eyes tightly. She slowly opened them, adjusting to the sudden light after such a long time in the dark.

"Good morning, sleepyhead!"

Maxine stared up at who she assumed was her captor. The same girl from the subway bathroom. She looked young, about college student aged. Her scarlet hair was cut short right above her shoulders. Her tank top revealed arms covered in tattoos from shoulder to the mid-length of both her arms. She had washed out light blue jeans that hugged her legs as a second skin, stretching as best as they could, showing off noticeable panty lines.

"You've been asleep since yesterday. Are you OK? Anything to eat, drink?" she asked cheerfully

Maxine tried to murmur something out through her gag.

"You probably wanna know why you're here, right?"

Maxine nodded her head. Although the toilet was a big concern, she valued her safety even more.

"Well, I know who you are. Some big millionaire businesswoman with a large bank. Here's the deal. I'm holding you ransom. I contacted your family, coworkers, everyone. What I want is some money. Holding you ransom is easer than robbing a bank or something. And easy too, since I've been spying on you, know where you live, the train you take to go home, whatever. Simple as that. Don't want to hurt you or anything, I just want money, that's all. I told them to come up with a good price to buy you back with, and come up with it by the end of the month. That's two weeks. I'm keeping you here long to get them worried about you."

Maxine started to try screaming through her gags.

"Hey, they give me the money, and you're free. Relax, anyways its not like anyone is gonna hear you. This building is abandoned, not even where I live. I keep it locked so nobody finds you or hears you, so you are more than welcome to scream" the redhead replied with a smile.

Maxine burst into tears. She understood everything her captor was saying. It was best to listen in this kind of situation. What the redhead didn't understand was that Maxine was really trying to beg for the bathroom. She interpreted her pleads and sobbing as resistance. Maybe if she were to calm down, the redhead would let her talk. She stopped screaming and squirming, and reduced herself to sniffles, and looked up at her captor with sad puppy eyes.

"Awww, I'm sorry but you're so adorable like that!" and with that, the redhead rubbed Maxine's head like some sort of pet. She sat back, feeling helpless that every plead was met with rejection. Her bladder needed to be released, fast. What caught her off guard was that he redhead suddenly pushed her hands between her legs.

"Ahh....hey...can I ask you something" she said with a sinister tone.

"Do...do you gotta pee yet?"

Maxine could only stare at her captor. Yet? Does she know? Did she do something to me? Does she know I'm desperate?

"Look, I...well...kind of have a fetish for this. You know. Desperation. Pants wetting...."

Maxine stared in surprise, unsure of how to react.

"..so...while you were sleeping, I poured a bottle of water down your throat before I gagged you. Well, bottles, with an "s", with diuretics and everything. And before I came here, I had some beer, with diuretics too..."

She did what? She did this to me!

Maxine used her remaining energy one last time to futilely struggled against the rope. The redhead laughed cruelly, while crossing her legs.

"I know you gotta piss! Don't lie! I need to as well. Don't take this personal or anything, I just cant find anyone to do this with, so might as well get it out of the way with you..."

Maxine began sobbing again, realizing that the redhead had no plans on giving her access to a toilet. Her desperate body language was rejected with laughter. She couldn't submit to such a humiliating fate. It seemed hopeless...but she had to fight!

The redhead pulled up a chair from the side of the empty room. She sat down directly in front of Maxine, waiting for her to burst. She giggled.

"Mind if I do...umm, this?"

The redhead pressed down on Maxine's swollen bladder with force. Maxine grunted and moaned in pain.

She nodded her head in resistance. That only made the redhead laugh more.

"Hahaha! Ha...ah..ahh! Oh god..." the redhead kissed between her teeth, as she too fought her own desperation. But she was enjoying it, unlike Maxine.

An evil smirk spread across the redhead's face, with her eyes lighting up in response to some sort of discovery.

"Sorry if this hurts, but I wanna get to the good part..."

With all her strength, she punched Maxine's swollen abdomen. Maxine yelled out in pain through her gags. The sudden pressure on her bladder was too much. The first few spurts showed up on her grey pants. The redhead snickered, proud of the results. Maxine sobbed loudly and blurry through her gag.

Oh no, no, no, no!!! I'm peeing myself, I'm peeing myself!! I can't stop!!

What started as a few spurts from her worn-out bladder turned uncontrollable. Maxine tried her best to strain her tired muscles more to close the dam, but it was no use. A small trickle, then a pressurized stream. Maxine screamed in horror. The redhead moaned in pleasure and arousal at the sight of the hottie in front of her, losing control of herself like a little kid.

The puddle grew under Maxine's butt, spilling from the edges of the chair. She lifted herself as much as the restraints allowed her too. The angle of her thighs made the urine trickle down, into the back of her knees and down her legs. Two small puddles grew around each of her feet, mixing with the larger puddle. Maxine gave the redhead one last look, pleading with her sad and teary eyes. The redhead wasn't interested in giving Maxine any sort of mercy or sympathy.

Infact, the redhead was wetting herself too, moaning in pleasure. She stood up, as the wet patch grew across the front of her jeans. She turned to see her butt. The patch travelled up, tracing her panty lines as the tightness forced her urine up her jeans. The warmth of the liquid streaming down her legs made her sigh in relaxation. She put her hand on her private, rubbing through her jeans in pleasure.

"Ohh....yeah...mm...feels....so fucking great...."

The redhead groaned. The pee from her saturated panties acted like a sort of lubricant. The fabric of her panties was silky enough as it was dry, but the wetness made it feel dozens of times better. The pleasure was too much.

"Ah!! Ahhhh!! Yes, ohhhhhhh yes!!!"

The redhead was releasing another sort of fluid into her ruined panties. Her eyes teared up in relief. Her body was shaking in a mixture of arousal and relief. She giggled uncontrollably as she took her hands off her privates, sticky in fluid, and rubbed the rest of her soaked jeans. The clinging of the fabric and post-release stickiness of the cool urine made the feeling even more amazing. She looked at Maxine, who was feeling the same post-release results, but with discomfort instead of please.

Maxine was sobbing. The inside of her pants were sticky and moist with the urine cooling down on her skin. The wet fabric hugging her legs and thighs were making her itchy. Her panties rode up her butt everytime she did the slightest movement. She was still lifting her butt about the seat, not wanting to further soak herself in her puddle. Eventually, her muscles gave in, and she was forced to sit back down the puddle of her pee on the seat, with discomfort and in defeat. There she was, a 30-year old grown woman with an Ivy League college degree, forced to sit down in her wet pants like some sniffling insolent brat.

Maxine could no longer produce any new tears, so she sobbed dryly, sniffling in the trails of mucus that ran down her nose when she was crying. She took slow and heavy breathes, in and out. She looked up at her captor, who was smiling in relief and naughtiness. Her eyes were mixed with defeat, humiliation, and anger. The looks didn't provoke any sympathy or fear in her captor. Instead, in made her captor laugh. She looks so cute, embarrassed and angry...

"Pout all you want lady, don't think I'll kiss your ass like others have done all your life"

The redhead sat back down on her chair, sighed in tiredness. The room went silent, with only Maxine's breathing and the dripping of drops of pee into the floor being the only noise.

"Well, I think I'm done here for now. I got a backpack outside with fresh clothes for me, I'm not doing public wetting....yet"

She stood up, as Maxine struggled and pleaded for fresh clothes too. The redhead cruelly laughed, denying whatever her pee-soaked prisoner was begging for.

"Quit your shit. I'll be back for tomorrow for breakfast, I don't need you starving out on me."

Maxine screamed through her gag.

"Oh don't worry, I'll bring a some soda and good beer for us to drink, I won't forget"

The redhead walked to the door, turning off the light, leaving Maxine in the dark again.

"Good night princess, try to keep yourself dry for the night, m'kay? Sweet dreams, love you!"

She shut the door, leaving Maxine screaming and crying and begging.

Sadly for Maxine, this wouldn't be the only accident she would have during her captivity. Two weeks worth of accidents would go by, and her family would make an offer that her captor wasn't conformed with, extending her bondage for another month, unbeknownst to her at the moment. Poor Maxine would be forced to wet herself over and over, for the next six weeks, with the occasional messing. All of this in the same pair of dirty pants, as her captor would cruelly deny her the privilege of letting her change into clean clothes.

Maxine's captor had been given a good sum of money and fled to the Caribbean. She let a day go by, and then called Maxine's family to tell her where she was held.

Sitting on a beach, Gilly was tanning herself in a bikini, with a drink at her side. She smiled at the thought of the humiliation Maxine was probably facing, having her family and the police find her crying on top of such a large and smelly mess she had made over those last few weeks. She wondered how many showers Maxine would need to get rid of that scent of saturated urine and sweat.

Finishing up her drink, Gilly noticed a blond woman walk by her. She was gorgeous, had to be a model. Gilly grinned evilly as she followed the blond at a distance, to see where her hotel room was at. After this, she would probably have to go to the general shop nearby to buy rope and diuretics.

*012*2015-02-06 06:42

I identify more with Maxine. I feel like I am more submissive than dominant. Im just too shy and quiet to act as somebody with power. I find it arousing to be the poor and helpless girl in the relationship. Not that ive ever had such a relationship, but I feel I would be more comfortable as the submissive one.

And I switched between POVs to give the characters more feeling to them. I feel like only dialogue would make them look like robots, so I want to look into their minds and show their actual emotions and how they turn into actions. But I still appreciate your feedback, I see where you are coming from! Thank you!

STORY FIVE: MUGGED AT GUNPOINT

Emily was holding back tears as she raced down the stairs. This is so fucking unfair

The night couldn't get any worst. Emily had been holding her bladder since 7pm, trying to finish up a huge project due in the morning. The office closed at 9pm, and Emily rushed to the bathroom as soon as possible. Much to her horror, the bathroom was closed for maintenance. And the office building was closed for the night, which meant that there was no bathroom available, as she was the last non-security person in the building. The only restroom would be where security is, but Emily had no idea where security even was.

She stood outside the broken bathroom, pacing and whimpering, wondering what to do. She had been denied relief, and it took her a while to register that in her head. Her new plan was to get to her car and drive to where a bathroom was, like a gas station. But again, luck cruelly denied her relief yet again, as the elevator was powered down for the night.

Now, trying her best not to wet her white jeans, she ran down the stairs, sobbing all the way down.

It hurts, I really need to fucking get to a toilet right now!!!

Poor Emily was forced to go down 7 long flights of stairs, stopping at each landing to bend over, and doing an exaggerated pee dance. By the time she was at the parking lot level, she was wailing. Her hopes of making it home dry were fading. She sniffled her mucus back into her nose, stuffing one hand into her crotch and using the other one to shift through her purse, looking for the keys to her car.

I can make it.....I...need to make it...I can't wet my pants!

Without a second to react, Emily was thrown forward into a concrete column. She smacked her face right into the column, giving her a bloody nose. She used both hands to hold herself in. She was in more shock than pain. She turned around to see a hooded figure a few feet away, walking up to her.

Emily screamed in shock, as she stumbled back up. She felt herself leak a little, before grabbing her crotch.

"Hands up bitch!"

"Wh-wha..no..I...p-ple-"

"Hands up!"

Emily had no choice but to take her hands out of between her legs, and raised them up. She gasped and groaned as she started to spurt little by little.

"Your purse, give it!"

"O-OK, just pl-please, my k-keys...."

"Give it!"

Emily sobbingly gave her purse to the thief, without taking her keys out

"I d-don't care, take it, I j-j-just need to pee so b-bad, let m-me go"

"You're already wetting yourself, shut up!" the thief replied in disgust as he shuffled through the purse, stuffing things into their pocket

Emily squeaked in embarrassment and horror when she noticed she was already wetting herself. She pulled the bottom of her red sweater as down as she could, to cover the growing wet spot. But it was no use.

The pee made her white pants totally transparent. From the front her dark blue panties were seen a little through the wet fabric. But if you were to look at her from behind, it would seem as if she had no pants on. The held-up urine shot out force from her, flowing up her firm and round butt, and traveling completely down her backside, pooling at her feet.

Emily feel to her knees, into her puddle, and began sobbing in the post-accident humiliation. A few isolated spurts shot out into her panties, but they sponged up so much urine that the spurts just went through the fabric of her underwear and jeans, into the large puddle under her.

The gunman was no longer there, and instead, was taking Emily's car. Emily screamed in horror, as she stumbled onto her feet, trying to run after her car. She was too late, as she saw her stolen car drive away. Emily stood there, wailing in defeat. She pinched out her tight jeans to keep them from sticking uncomfortably to her skin, but it was no use. She angrily patted down her wet jeans into her skin, in the frustration and anger.

Emily didn't know what to do. She wiped off the blood from her nose with the sleeve of her sweater. Her brown hair was messy and soaked in sweat. She took off her sweater, leaving her with only her tank top covering her top in the cold air of the parking garage. She tied her sweater around her waist, in a sad attempt to hide her shame. It only covered her butt and upper thighs though, still revealing the wetness of the bottom of her legs.

She didn't want to walk home like this. It would be too embarrassing for people to see her, a young woman, in wet pants like some toddler. Through dry sobs and sniffling, she walked back into the building, to find the security office. Maybe they can help her out there. She would have no choice but to explain to whoever was there why her jeans were soaked. Maybe they might have something for me to wear....

Poor Emily began her search for the office, sobbing, and walking in a limp-like manner as a result of the sticky and horrible feeling of the cold and wet fabric hugging her legs and butt.

