Pull Over!

Author: *Beatleluver*

*000*2013-12-09 06:28

It's really short and probably not the best I've written...I hope you like it, though.

____

Dean drove down the long stretch of highway, of course he was going much faster than the speed limit. The music was up so loud that Dean couldn't hear Sam at all. He didn't care, obviously, as he munched on some potato chips.

Sam had been ignored for hours now because of how loud Dean was keeping his annoying music up. He rubbed his temples, the beginning of a headache was starting to creep it's way into his skull, but that was the least of Sam's worries. About an hour back, Sam had felt the familiar pressure in his bladder that indicated he needed relief. He tried to tell Dean that, but his brother was completely ignoring him as he sang obnoxiously along with Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody. Sam glanced out of the window and squeezed his thighs together, his desperation growing worse and worse as every minute creeped it's way to the next. He bounced his leg and chewed his lip, finally speaking a little loudly, "Hey, Dean?!" He almost had to scream.

Dean turned the music down a bit. "Mm?" He took a sharp curve, which jolted Sam's bladder a little, causing it to spasm.

Sam gasped and bent a little at the waist. "When's the next rest stop?"

Dean smirked. "Aaw, does wittle Sammy gotta piss?"

Sam sent Dean the worst bitch face to ever exist and sat up straight, ignoring the protest his bladder gave him. "If it weren't for your annoying ass music, I wouldn't be in this predicament because I could have said something, Dean. Now answer my question."

With a roll of his eyes, Dean searched for a sign that indicated where the next rest stop was. "50 miles away. That's about a half an hour of driving."

Sam couldn't help but groan and slumped in his seat, resting his hands on his thighs as he bounced his legs.

Dean glanced at his brother, but instead of saying something snarky, he actually seemed concerned. "Are you okay?"

Sam sighed, "I'm fine. I just really need to take a piss." He closed his eyes, knowing damn well that was an understatement. He was bursting for relief. He squirmed a little in his seat and snapped his eyes open when a spurt escapes into his underwear and quickly grabbed his crotch.

Dean's eyes widened at his brother's predicament. "Damn it Sam, not in my car." He searched for a good spot to pull over, but there didn't seem to be one at the moment. "Don't you dare piss yourself in my baby, hold it while I find a place."

Sam groaned, squeezing himself as sweat began to form on his forehead from the effort of holding it. "Are you really that heartless? Oh wait, yeah you are." He gasped when he felt another long spurt soak through his pants, soaking through to the front. "Oh, God! Pull over," he begged.

Dean sped up as much as he could, to try and find a good place to pull over. He finally found a good place and slowed down to pull over. "Get out!"

By this time, Sam was already wetting his pants. He quickly got out of the car and fumbled with his jeans, continuing to soak his pants before they finally came undone and he whipped his spurting manhood out, relaxing completely. A fast, golden stream poured out of him, causing a moan to escape his lip.

Dean groaned. "God, you're a nasty ass." He checked his seat to make sure it wasn't ruined, and to his surprise, it was fine.

Sam finished up and quickly zipped his pants up. Though he was pretty soaked, there was nothing he could do about it and slipped into the Impala with a blush.

Dean smirked at Sam and began driving again. "Bitch."

Sam glared at Dean. "Jerk."

*002*2013-12-09 16:28

{{: 

When I was reading this, it looked like something that I'm surprised hasn't actually happened in the show, because we know how Dean can be sometimes. Since I'm not really into male wetting or desperation, I didn't find this erotic, but it was definitely entertaining and I got a good laugh out of it. You did well.

}}

I know! I think they really should add something like this in the show. It would be great, personally. I wasn't really meaning for it to be erotic. It was more of a comical-relief situation, really! I'm glad you enjoyed it, and thanks for the input.

*004*2013-12-13 03:56

{{: 

Very cute! I can completely see this happening in the show. It really seems like something that poor Sam would go through.

}}

Doesn't it, though? Haha. Thank you! Glad you liked it.

