Jodie and Jessie

Author: ArnoldKegel

*000*2015-07-24 21:31

My second story is a remake. You can find the original if you look for "the urge sarnia to stratford". Again improving suggestions are welcome.

###

Jodie and Jessie in a car, waiting in line at a toll-booth. Both in their late twenties, wearing t-shirt and knee-length skirt.

Jodie: I have to pee.

Jessie: Me too, but I can hold it.

Jodie: What does that mean? Do you think I can't hold my pee?

Jessie: I just said I can hold it. That's all.

Five minutes later.

Jodie: Maybe we should pull over after we get by this customs guy. There’s the duty-free shop and it should have restrooms.

Jessie: You’re driving. You decide. But you’ll have to shoot across all those lanes for the duty-free. Rows of cars, and they all want to cross the bridge. I don’t have to go that bad. I’m sure there’ll be somewhere we can stop on the way to Stratford.

Jodie: Unfortunately, the large tourist rest area on the right is closed for renovation. Maneuver through five lanes of oncoming traffic or wait? I think we’ll wait.

Jessie: Good idea. I don’t want you to bang up my car. We’ll be fine.

30 minutes later. Jessie sitting upright, legs crossed, the right over the left, both hands between her thighs, her forearms between the lower seatbelt and her bladder bulge, her right foot moving in circles. Jodie squirming in her seat.

Jodie: A fast-food restaurant.

Jessie: I hate them. You know that I'm vegan, don't you? Besides, that little urge doesn't justify the trouble of getting off and back on that busy 402.

Jodie: Another one. There are lots of them here.

Jessie: Shut up.

20 minutes later. Ceaseless crop fields already harvested for the season. Farmhouses, sheep, horses, cows. Jodie and Jessie now with desperate expressions, sometimes moaning, squirming.

Jodie: I would enjoy this landscape even more, if my bladder wasn't so adamant about voiding.

Jessie: I can’t believe there hasn’t been anywhere to stop this whole time. You’d think there’d be a store or something.

Jodie: You’d think. Normally I like driving through the country. But this is ridiculous.

They turn onto another highway, and approach the town of Nairn. Both now crotch-holding under their skirts. Jessie changing positions from time to time. Jodie with her chin closer to the steering wheel.

Jodie: There are toilets, I'm sure.

They pass by the sign marking Nairn’s outer border. A small church on one side of the road, a tractor outlet on the other, and then no more Nairn.

Jessie with desperation in her voice: Where’s the rest of it?

Jodie: What do I know?

Jessie: But the GPS said Nairn. That town has to be there. Where the hell is it?

Jodie angrily: We passed through it. That was it. Didn't you see the sign? We just passed through it. There is no more Nairn, okay? Whimpering, with a lower voice: Damn, I need the toilet.

They turn onto yet another highway. Again, nothing but a sea of farmland. The wind starts to pick up, and the bare fields offer little shelter from its rage. Gusts of air, filled with dried sand from the plowed land, pelt the driver’s side of the car pushing it fiercely toward the graveled edge. Jodie yanks the car back in an effort to keep it on the pavement. Groaning from both women.

Jessie: Could you please drive more carefully? I'm holding a tank full of pee. That's hard enough without these bounces.

Jodie: Shut up. At least, you can cross you legs. I can't cross my legs, because I have to push down on the pedals.

Jessie: You wanted to sit behind the wheel.

Jodie: There would be more bounces, if you were the driver.

Jessie: Shut up. My bladder feels like a big water melon.

Jodie: Please, another topic! Thinks for a while. This wind is something else. Listen to that sand hitting your car. It can’t be good for your paint job.

Jessie: I hope it doesn’t leave any marks on my baby.

Five minutes later.

Jessie: I can't hold it any longer.

Jodie: But there is nowhere to go.

Jessie: There’s the side of the road.

Jodie: There’s no trees. Not even a bush. What about the other cars? What about our decency?

Jessie: What decency? You want me to believe that you actually care what the other driver’s think about you?

Jodie: Okay. Fine. What about the sand?

Jessie after a groan: What does the sand have to do with it?

Jodie: Can you not hear it pelting your car to death?

Jessie: Yeah. My poor car. It is more important than my bladder. Jessie, how does the sand affect us peeing?!

Jodie: Can you just imagine what that sand would do to our naked butts?

Jessie: Like being sandblasted. Okay, I'll laugh about that later.

Five minutes later.

Jessie: Enough. Now I really have to go. I can't hold it any longer. I'm gonna wet my pants. Pull over! Now!

Jodie staring out the windshield: LOOK! Look there, at the intersection of the two highways.

Jessie: A gas station? Okay, a gas station. But I'm not sure if ...

Jodie: Come on, pull yourself together. Keep clamping off. We're almost there.

At high speed, they arrive at the gas station and find a parking spot 100 feet from the entrance. Strong wind. Nobody around. They get out of the car, but can't stand upright. Crotch-holding under their skirts, bending over, they hop against the wind towards the entrance. They bust through the door, Jodie first, Jessie behind her, desperation in their faces.

Jodie: Restrooms are usually in the back. Passing shelves. There is the sign. It's here, Jessie.

They stumble into the restroom containing one stall and a laundry-room tub as the sink. Jodie dances into the stall and shuts the door. A high-pitched grunt from inside, then peeing sounds and sighs of relief. Jessie does a frantic pee dance for half a minute, then hikes up her skirt, pulls her panties down and ...

More than two minutes later: Jodie leaves the stall, panties in her hand, looks at Jessie who sits on the laundry-room tub, still peeing.

Jessie: Shut up. There’s only one toilet.

Jodie: I didn't intend to say anything. Throws her panties in a bin. I lost a few drops in the heat of the battle.

Jessie finishes peeing, removes her panties from her ankles, wipes herself with them, throws them in the same bin. Me too. Did that happen to you before?

Jodie: No, it was the first time. I hope it won't happen again. And you?

Jessie: First time, too. Are we growing old? Old and incontinent?

Jodie: Shut up. We'll have to take care of our skirts, because of the wind. And we should purchase something after using the restroom.

They leave the restroom, pick out a few food items and head to the checkout counter. The clerk is a young man.

Clerk: Why’d ya go into the men’s washroom?

Jodie blushing: That’s the only restroom I saw.

Clerk: The ladies' room is right there. Points to a little, blue sign with a person in a dress outlined on it located in the opposite corner.

Jessie also red as a tomato: Oops. Sorry. At least no-one walked in on us.

Clerk checking out the purchases: But you know the ladies' room has two stalls?

Jessie glaring at Jodie: Two toilets. TWO TOILETS!

Jodie: Is it my fault you didn’t look for the other bathroom?

Jessie: You told me it was there. So I went there. By the way, what about our ... in the ...

Jodie: Shut up. Lets take the stuff and get out of here.

Later in the car.

Jodie: Was that gas station a savior or what?

Jessie: Beats getting our butts sandblasted on the side of the road.

They both start laughing. At the same time, the clerk watches the recording of the security camera, commenting to himself on the desperate performance of the two ladies. Then he goes into the men's room, finds the stained panties and grins broadly.

*002*2015-07-25 12:26

I can't edit it anymore. So I have to put the corrections here.

Wrong: Jessie: Yeah. My poor car. It is more important than my bladder. Jessie, how does the sand affect us peeing?!

Right: Jessie: Yeah. My poor car. It is more important than my bladder. Jodie, how does the sand affect us peeing?!

The scene in the men's room:

Jessie finishes peeing. Then, while removing her panties from her ankles and wiping herself with them: Me too. Did that happen to you before? Throws her panties in the same bin.

Jodie washing her hands, noticing the pee drops on the rim of the tub: No, it was the first time. I hope it won't happen again. And you?

Jessie cleaning the rim, then washing her hands: First time, too. Are we growing old? Old and incontinent?

