On the beach

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-06-06 22:55

Our Church youth group went to the beach for a week every Summer. We all looked forward to it, and no one missed going, if he could prevent it. I have always been a bit pee shy, so long drives in crowded cars or vans are always a trial. Peeing on the side of the road never happens for me, and even a public restroom is a no-go, if anyone else is in the room, especially if it's someone telling me to hurry up. But I manage, though sometimes I end up with damp undies, and I always live in fear.

When we got to the hotel, everyone rushed to change and get to the beach. What a break! Everyone exited the room and I was left myself in the bathroom. That's when my best friend came in and banged on the door and told me to hubba hubba and go to the beach with him. Okay, okay. I would just pee in the ocean. When we stepped out onto the beach, however, there was the infinite ocean, with waves wooshing in every few seconds. Instantly my crotch and inner thighs were warm. Thank goodness I was wearing swim trunks. My friend ran ahead, I walked as fast as I dared, but when the first wave washed over my feet, I peed again. But then I was in the ocean. Ahhhhhh! Relief.

I figured no one knew, but I was mistaken. That night, several of us went walking on the beach in the dark. My friend started telling about a girl he knew who wet her pants on a rollercoaster, which interested me. Then, after a silence, he said, "You peed you pants this afternoon, didn't you." As soon as I recovered from shock, my small voice answered in the affirmative. He told me he could tell by the look on my face. Good grief! It's bad enouigh for pee to show in my pants; now it shows on my face, too. He said it was okay. He said the ocean made everybody feel the urge.

After a while he said, you have to go now, don't you? I said I did. Go ahead he said. His very invitation increased my need to go. Never in my life have I been able to pee with anyone around, but now I knew I could with ease; and I did. I stopped, relaxed, squirted twice, then commenced a long rather hard pee right in my trunks and down my legs. My friend had gone on a few steps, and turned toward me. Of course, in the dark, we could barely see each other four feet away, but I knew he knew and he knew I knew he knew. When he felt my wet crotch, his touch was electric. Right then we became even better best friends.

Since then, we have shared many "wet events" together. Sometimes he wets himself, but usually it's me. My favorite scenario is where I wet my pants and when we get to a private place, he helps me out of my wet pants and undies, pats me dry, and puts dry pants or a diaper on me. That's nice.

