The Hostage - Page 2

Author: Quackduck

*022*2019-09-22 19:16

Part 5

The man looked distastefully at the short list of names on the list he’d been handed.

“You’ve got to be joking. What, are you trying to send a message or something? If there’s no money or threat of discovery, there’s no reasonable cause to kill.”

“But there is reasonable cause, sir,” the other man defended. “She was a name here. Jeremy knew her, which means many others did as well. A lot of people want out of this business. If word gets around that you can just vanish under our noses and we won’t even go looking for you, she could start a trend.”

The man hesitated, then grumbled something to himself and put the paper in the envelope. “It’s too bad. She was one of the good ones, just not very smart. You know what, give this to that flunk out. The girl. Tell her it’s a chance to redeem herself.”

“Can I ask why, sir?”

“I’d rather take only one life if I can help it.” He handed the envelope to the other man, who turned on his heel and walked briskly out of the room.

. . .

Ava was more scared than she’d ever been in her entire life. She knew she failed the final test. She performed so badly. Why was she so stupid? If only she’d worked harder. Now she’d be sentenced to what all assassin failures are sentenced to. Her hands shook as she downed her fifth water bottle that day. She drank was she was nervous.

A woman opened the door in front of her. “He’ll see you now,” she told her, and Ava walked sheepishly forward, clutching the bottle with both hands.

It was a simple office, not unlike a pencil pusher’s would be. “You failed the course exam, as you might know,” he said as soon as the doors closed. She accidentally squeezed the bottle in her hands, the plastic loudly crinkling. Her cheeks flushed red. “But I have one more assignment for you,” he said, ignoring the obnoxious sound she’d made. Her heart beat hard in her chest, and she held her breath. He passed the envelope to her across the desk.

“Find her and eliminate her. Do this and you will have another chance to take your course exam.”

She stayed composed as she picked up the envelope and walked out. Assassins were not permitted to speak to their task givers.

As the door shut behind her, she released a shuddering sigh of intensely mixed emotions. Her life goes on for the foreseeable future, it seemed. It was then she realized that the water she drank throughout the day had made its way through her and she needed to urinate extremely badly.

She waddled to the bathroom and sat on the toilet, relieving herself of the vast amount of liquid inside her with a harsh torrent of piss. As she peed, she opened the envelope and read the information about her target. Charlotte Miller was written at the very top.

