No Trees in the City

Author: Jarvis Langley

*000*2013-04-13 14:14

This is the sequel to another story I wrote

, with the same characters again. I want to write some others with different and more 'normal' characters, as these were mostly written to explore Nono's character quirk. I usually prefer more humanish characters, but this was fun and Nono's shyness fit well for my first attempts at writing something I'm very shy about. I'm really rather happy with this one.

. . .

For a werewolf who'd lived his whole life out in the countryside, London was absolutely breathtaking. Nono gawked at the gorgeous buildings surrounding him, watching all of the people milling about on the streets, the werewolf sniffing the air curiously as they passed by him. Their scents all told stories as fascinating as the scenery itself to his greatly heightened senses, telling him their moods and where they'd been. The sky was cloudy, and the smell of a recent rain lingered in the air; it was pleasantly refreshing, and the lanky wolf closed his eyes and wagged his tail happily as he felt a gentle cool breeze ruffle through his shaggy fur.

Lynna, the demure lady rabbit he'd become acquainted with, smiled at the sight of the rugged wolf so caught up in cheerful wonder at his urban surroundings. She'd brought him here to see the city she grew up in, intending to take him shopping with her and let him see the sights, and she still owned a flat here where they could stay. "You seem to be enjoying yourself," she told him with a bright, gentle laugh.

Nono nodded enthusiastically, beaming. "It's amazing! I want to see everything!"

"Don't worry, we will," the creamy-furred rabbit assured him, fiddling idly with the leash she was holding in her hands as she mentally assessed a plan for where to go next. Since this was the wolf's first time in a crowded city, Lynna had given him a collar to wear and was guiding him around with the aid of the leash so that he wouldn't get lost in the crowds. He'd been very anxious at first at the prospect of being around so many people at once, but fortunately being linked to her by the leash seemed to make him feel a lot more secure.

Lynna did wish she'd managed to coax him to wear actual clothes as well, however. While the rabbit had donned her fanciest clothes for this trip, the wolf had insisted on wearing only his thick coat of fur, which looked very out of place here. At least his fur adequately covered him, so he wasn't indecent, but she still felt sheepish whenever someone would give the pair an odd look. A tall and rather scrawny werewolf being led on a leash by a short and plumply curvacious rabbit was an odd enough image as it was.

"I'm thirsty," Nono spoke up as he continued to look around at everything, panting. "Too much walking..."

Lynna blushed at the memory of what happened the last time the wolf had been thirsty. "I know a place we could go to get you a drink," she told him, looking away shyly to hide her flushed face. "I've some other things I've been meaning to pick up there, too."

Nono nodded as she guided him along close to her side with the leash, preventing him from getting lost or running into other pedestrians while he was distracted with the sights and smells everywhere. She took him to the all-purpose market, stopping at the food and beverage counter near the entrance to buy him a large soda.

The moment it was handed to him, Nono took the drink between his paws and began knocking it back thirstily, his throat moving with each long gulp. Lynna couldn't help but stare, blushing slightly as her thoughts drifted to the state the wolf would be in a few hours from now if he continued to drink like this while they were out. He seemed to be entirely unaware of the consequences himself.

"Make that two sodas," she sheepishly amended to the man behind the counter, acquiring a second, larger drink for Nono which he cheerfully accepted and drank a bit more slowly as they began to casually browse the store proper.

The wolf trailed along after her quietly as she did her shopping, fascinated by this new experience. Lynna smiled as she watched him survey the place with wonder, taking her time shopping rather than rushing, allowing him to see each part of the store...and giving those drinks time to go through him, she realised shyly. There wasn't much selection here as far as clothes went, and certainly nothing that matched her high-end tastes. She decided they'd go to a nice clothing store later for that.

The store was quite large, allowing the rabbit to draw out the simple act of shopping for various assorted essentials as long as possible. Even she was starting to somewhat feel the need to relieve herself by the time she'd finished selecting everything, and she hadn't been the one downing sodas. Passing by the public toilets, she glanced thoughtfully at Nono, unsure if he would try to use them and spoil her fun.

Thinking quickly, she released Nono's leash and handed him her shopping bags. "Here, would you mind taking these bags for me? I'll be just a moment." He nodded, taking them and waiting for her while she went in, the rabbit taking his empty cup from him as well to toss into the bin on the way inside the restroom.

The wolf fidgeted a bit from his own need as he waited for her, thankful when she didn't take long and soon returned to take the shopping bags back and lead him towards the checkout. The queue on the other hand seemed to take far too long to get through, his fidgeting increasing as the urge slowly built, though he reasoned with himself that he could certainly still hold it. It did give him pause when Lynna asked him if he wanted another drink on the way out, but he nodded reluctantly regardless. They'd been walking around the store for a long time, and he was thirsty again, so he couldn't turn it down.

Moving on to the other shops, Lynna wandered inside each one to look around even if she didn't intend to buy anything, in no hurry to end her shopping. She never passed up an opportunity to buy another beverage for Nono, though by the time they'd hit a few shops he was hardly drinking them anymore, just sipping slowly at them...hours of shopping with an increasingly full bladder were making him rather reluctant to put even more liquid inside his body.

Noticing the way that Nono was squirming and scanning his surroundings with gradually mounting urgency as they walked between the stores, Lynna decided it was time for a detour. She led him towards the centre of the area where there was a small park-like square with benches to sit on...and a large fountain. The wolf flinched and froze in place the moment he saw and heard it, but she pretended not to notice, using the leash to force him to continue following her, leading him to a seat on one of the benches close to the fountain.

"I thought you might like to rest for awhile," she told him innocently as they sat down. "We've been walking around a lot, after all."

Nono swallowed nervously and shifted about a bit where he sat, nodding hesitantly. The rabbit felt a slight thrill at the clear look of desperation on his face as he completely failed to sit still at the sound of the running water, and she couldn't help but enjoy the fact that the leash kept him from being separated from her. She would get to witness every moment of his battle against his need, and that was a very appealing thought.

The wolf whimpered slightly and shifted to sit with his paws resting between his legs, trying to look as natural as possible while pressing them to his crotch slightly in attempt to alleviate the heightened need to urinate and keep holding it in, the sound of the fountain making that task significantly more difficult. Hearing the fountain gushing water rendered him entirely unable to think of anything but the incredibly overpowering urge it made him feel to mimic exactly that, weakening the muscles that were holding back what suddenly felt like far too much.

Shuddering at the thought of losing control in front of all of the other people here, he moved his legs a bit closer together and pressed his paws against himself more firmly, his bladder beginning to throb in protest from denying himself the release he was beginning to feel like he desperately needed. It wasn't an entirely unpleasant feeling, almost exciting, but he was starting to feel rather frantic at how hard it was to keep holding it in while listening to that fountain.

Lynna continued to watch the wolf's struggle for awhile with great interest before she decided she'd tormented him enough with it. While she greatly enjoyed watching his battle to contain himself, being here was clearly wearing down his control too much, and she knew he'd be very upset if he ended up wetting himself in public. Finally standing again and motioning for him to do likewise, she stroked his head softly, silently rewarding him for enduring this. "Well, I'm rested up now. There's plenty more shopping I'd like to do."

Nono whined slightly at that, realising his relief was still far out of sight, but he decided he could still manage awhile longer. He gave a brief nod in response, then stood up slowly and awkwardly to follow the rabbit as she guided him back toward the shops. Thankfully, he managed to regain stronger control once the sound of the water was out of earshot, and focusing his thoughts on all the other things around him as they walked aided him in distracting himself enough to partially forget about the need for awhile. There was still a feeling of fullness inside him, but at least he felt like he could still endure it now.

However, on the way between yet another set of shops, his restlessly roaming eyes caught sight of something that caused him to stop walking abruptly and stare—there was a tree on the sidewalk with a short fence circling it. Lynna gave him a puzzled look at his sudden stop, not noticing what he was looking at until he'd dashed towards it and began to sniff at it, at which point she quickly tugged on the leash in alarm to pull him back from it.

"You'd better not be thinking about what I think you are," the rabbit told him sternly. Even if he couldn't hold it, this was definitely not an acceptable place to go.

Nono bit his lip. "I-I've never seen a fence-tree," he replied lamely, flattening his ears as he shifted in place, struggling to restrain himself again when he was so ready to let go.

"This tree is not for marking!" she scolded him, trying to coax him away from the tree. "It's illegal, and you could get arrested for it."

He nodded slowly, thinking of protesting that he needed it enough to justify the risk, but he was too embarrassed to admit out loud to the rabbit that he wasn't bright enough to find anywhere else to go in this city. Giving one last longing look at the fenced-in tree, he reluctantly let Lynna lead him away from it. The rabbit patted his shoulder gently for listening to her and not getting himself in trouble, consoling him a bit with her approval.

The urge only continued to worsen as they continued shopping, however, and by the time they reached the clothing store, it was transparently obvious that time and the beverages Nono had drank had definitely caught up to him. To anyone not watching the wolf too closely, he just seemed unusually restless, but Lynna was watching him closely and could tell that his movements were from what by now was doubtlessly an immense need to urinate. He'd declined from using the public toilets when she'd stopped to use them herself, and the rabbit was beginning to wonder just how long the wolf thought he could hold it. He hadn't spoken up about it yet, though, so she assumed the urge wasn't so pressing that she couldn't still stall for more time.

The wolf was constantly bouncing in place and shifting his weight from one foot to the other when Lynna had finished selecting clothes. She'd deliberately picked out a large number of things to try on to keep him waiting as long as possible, strangely compelled to see how just how desperate he would have to be in order to actually confess to his obvious need. "Alright, I'm going to try these on," she told him innocently as she walked towards the dressing room, indicating the benches outside it for him to sit on as she surreptitiously admired his deliciously urgent squirming. "I'll just be awhile."

Nono nodded, chewing his lip a bit. He tried to convince himself that this wasn't an emergency yet, that he didn't really need to go as badly as he felt like he did. Surely he could tough this out. Sitting down did help remove the need somewhat, if only a bit. Trying to appear as though he were merely doing so casually, he crossed his legs as he sat on the bench and waited for Lynna to finish trying on clothes.

It began to seem like the rabbit was in the dressing room for an eternity between each outfit she returned in to ask his opinion of, and he was growing increasingly aware of just how uncomfortably full his bladder felt now that he was sitting still and not distracted by anything. The wolf squirmed and crossed his legs tighter, jiggling his foot and tapping his paw-like hands on the bench restlessly as he worried his lip. He needed to think about something else, anything else, but his thoughts refused to budge from how just how much he was holding inside him and how badly he needed to let all of that out. There was simply nowhere for him to go here, with no wilderness in the city and no trees he was actually allowed to use.

This wasn't a good train of thought, either. Thinking about trees was just making it even worse. He sucked in his stomach as he drew in a breath and then held it, using the action to help tense up his muscles and make the pressure a bit more bearable, but his muscles tightening around his bladder also made him even more keenly aware of just how achingly full and swollen it felt. Glancing down, he winced when he noticed that his lower belly actually was noticeably swollen and round there from the impossible amount of liquid trapped inside of him, and he struggled to focus his thoughts on the need to breathe instead.

"How about this one?" Lynna interrupted the wolf's thoughts as she stepped out of the dressing room in yet another new fancy dress. He couldn't even remember how many she'd showed him by now, since he hadn't been able to focus and had mostly just been nodding absently in response.

Nono gasped for air and panted, feeling a bit lightheaded and a lot embarrassed. It took him a moment to catch his breath before he could stammer in reply, "Good...it...yeah...it looks good." He was sure it did look good, but he was having a great deal of difficulty paying attention. The wolf blushed slightly and ducked his head sheepishly, feeling extremely awkward. "A-are we almost done here?"

Not one bit of the wolf's plight went unnoticed by Lynna, and the rabbit was suddenly quite a bit more fascinated in him than in her shopping. "Oh, are you tired?" she asked him, feigning innocence as she watched him restlessly shift positions and jiggle his tightly-tangled legs. He was trying to hide how desperate he was, and he probably wasn't aware of just how badly he was failing at it. Wanting to see his response, she mildly added, "Are you alright? Do you...need anything?"

Nono blushed deeper, pinning his ears back and biting his lip. "I...uh...n-no..." He was clearly far too ashamed to admit what he so obviously needed, and though the rabbit certainly found his shyness very endearing, she also wanted to get him to say it.

"Are you sure?" she pressed. "You look like you need something."

Nono squirmed uncomfortably at this observation, ears flattened as he slouched down as though trying to disappear, nervously studying the floor for a long moment. He considered not responding, or maybe insisting that he didn't need anything, but he knew he couldn't fool even himself with that. He could already feel a bit of strain on his bladder from how tautly full it was. "I...I have to pee," he finally confessed in a quiet yet frantic voice that clearly spelled out just how urgently. "I really have to pee. Bad." He turned his eyes towards the rabbit once more and whimpered in embarrassment. "Can...can we go somewhere else? This...I'm so embarrassed...too many people..."

Lynna flushed slightly as heat shot through her at the wolf's confession. Evidently he was mortified at anyone else seeing the extent of his desperation, and the rabbit couldn't find any fault in that...she wanted to be the only one to get to see it, anyway. "Oh," she responded shyly. "Well, we could go over to my flat, does that sound okay?"

Nono nodded, and Lynna took the lead to his leash in her hand again, petting his head softly as she told him, "It's not too far from here. I'm buying this dress anyway, so you won't have to wait for me again." She smiled gently, reassuringly, while carefully helping him up from his seat.

The wolf stood up shakily, squinting his eyes shut and quickly pressing a paw firmly to his crotch when he suddenly found himself fighting against gravity again to contain himself, his eyes then darting all around him as he grew self-conscious about having to hold himself in public. Sucking in his stomach again and tensing up as best he could to hold back the contents of his overfull bladder without the aid of his paw, he finally removed it and followed after Lynna as she led him along, albeit in an awkward and wobbly manner.

Nono struggled to look casual standing beside Lynna at the till while she bought her clothes. She made her purchase as quickly as she could, though it seemed to take forever to the wolf when he was aching to get out of there and get an opportunity to relieve himself. Knowing he felt nervous at being so obviously desperate, Lynna tried her best to shield Nono from the people they passed by as they left the store and began the walk to her flat. He took advantage of this slight amount of privacy to hold himself again in order to keep it in, since walking caused his bladder to threaten to rebel against him with every step, trying to force him to let it all out.

"It's not much further," Lynna assured the wolf, and he nodded shakily. Fortunately it indeed wasn't too long of a walk, though it seemed like miles to him. The steps up to the door of the flat also seemed much longer than they were, since ascending them sent dull twinges of pain to his bladder from the added strain of the motion and made it feel heavy inside him, forcing him to take them very slowly and carefully with his muscles tensed taut against the gravity.

Once they were finally inside, he heaved a slight sigh of relief, grateful to be on level ground again and glad to at least be somewhere private now where he wouldn't have to worry about anyone seeing him in this embarrassing state. It did nothing to relieve the still-mounting pressure inside him, though, and he had no idea how he could here.

"Here we are," Lynna announced pleasantly. "I'll show you where the loo is, it's just..." She trailed off from her offer at the uneasy look on the wolf's face. The knowledge that there was a toilet here that he could use didn't seem to be of any comfort, and realisation dawned on her after a moment as to why he'd not used any of the restrooms. "You don't know how to use the loo, do you?"

Nono shook his head at this, looking at the floor and seeming incredibly ashamed of this fact. There was absolutely no questioning that he very desperately needed somewhere to go, though, evidently barely managing to keep holding it in at all by this point. He couldn't even stand remotely still.

In fact, Lynna had the distinct feeling that the wolf was going to inevitably lose control soon. While it did excite her to see him like this, her flat was so expensive that she would prefer he didn't have an accident here if it could be avoided. "Do you want me to show you how? I could―"

"No!" the wolf nearly squealed in alarm, blushing intensely. "I-it's too embarrassing...I can't...n-not like that..."

Realising the far too intimate implications of what she'd just offered to do, the rabbit looked abashed. "Oh...I'm so sorry. I...I didn't mean..." She looked down awkwardly for a moment, but she found her eyes trailing back upward almost against her will towards the wolf, who was so obviously dying to relieve himself, despite turning down her help. Bent forward slightly, he was holding himself with both paws, his thighs pressed tightly together as he shifted rapidly from one foot to another, biting his lip with a very slight flush visible on his face from both embarrassment at his situation and the sheer effort it was taking to contain himself by this point. The intense neediness of his frantic desperation had the rabbit unable to look away, her heart beating faster at the sight.

As she watched him, she became increasingly aware of just how clearly she could actually see where the wolf's lower belly was visibly distended and stretched taut around the incredible amount of fluid he was struggling to contain inside him. Captivated, she was unable to resist reaching out to ever-so-gently touch the straining bulge despite the shyness she felt at the action, taking extreme care not to add any pressure at all as she felt the shape of that very tight, full ball of liquid he was fighting so hard not to release. The odd thrill of literally feeling beneath her hand just how desperate he was brought a blush to her face, and she could hardly believe that he was even still managing to hold all of that back.

Glancing up at his face again, she was slightly surprised to see that Nono appeared very shy at this as well, the wolf genuinely seeming to enjoy the attention he was receiving despite his obvious discomfort. He most certainly didn't look like he could hold it in much longer though, and she had to do something before he lost the battle to keep it in.

Thinking quickly, Lynna stroked his head and spoke in a soft, encouraging voice of gentle yet firm authority as she told him, "You've been such a good boy all day. I'm so proud of you. You're doing so well." Her efforts were rewarded by Nono's ears lowering and his tail wagging slowly at the praise, her words and tone seeming to have set him more at ease, so she continued, "Do you think you can hold it just a little longer?"

The resultant blush on the wolf's face deepened to a bright pink that nearly glowed in intensity at the request, and he looked away in embarrassment, strangely excited by the rabbit's question. He contorted his body further in effort to keep holding back the contents of his swollen bladder, feeling as though he had an entire ocean trapped inside of him that was vying for escape, but he was still successfully containing every drop, if only barely. He nodded hesitantly in response to the rabbit, though he didn't know just how much longer he could keep holding it. He would have to trust her, but at least her tone oddly made him feel much more confident in doing so.

Lynna was so pleased of Nono that she was nearly in awe, taking in his intensely desperate squirming as he deliberately kept holding back that large swell of liquid inside him. "Good dog. Very good dog!" she praised him, petting his head soothingly again. Of course, she was so enthralled watching his struggle that she briefly all but lost her train of thought entirely. He was so needy and now completely reliant on her to provide him relief, and it surprised her just how much she enjoyed that notion...but she still needed to find somewhere acceptable for the wolf to relieve himself, and soon. He looked mere moments away from bursting.

Recalling that she had a large and very tall potted plant in an adjacent room, she assured him, "Just a tiny bit longer." Nono nodded a bit shakily, beginning to pant with the effort of still holding it in while he shifted about in place frantically. Lynna wasted no time in hurrying to the next room and beginning to drag the heavy plant over to him as quickly as she possibly could, very much not wanting to force him to disobey her by causing him to be physically unable to follow her orders.

The wolf gave a desperate, longing whine upon seeing the potted plant, and she had to gesture for him to stay put as she labourously hauled it the rest of the way towards him, since it was very clear that by now any attempt to move on his part would render him no longer able to hold it in anymore and cause him to leak. "Wait for me to bring it to you," she told him, the soothing authority surfacing in her tone again to help him calm down and trust her. "You cannot make a mess on the floor. It has to only go in the pot."

Nono nodded with a whimper as he bit his lip, frozen in place and trembling slightly with the heightened need for release he felt at the sight of his relief so close. Pride swelled in Lynna's chest at the wolf as he obeyed her nonetheless, managing to keep holding back with truly incredible effort until the plant was close enough for him to properly use it, the rabbit then giving a nod of approval that he was now allowed to do so.

His intense relief at finally having the opportunity to empty his bladder was so overwhelming that he didn't even stop to consider that he was doing his business with someone watching him, only taking a split second to ensure he was properly aimed at the pot before relaxing and releasing the massive flood inside him as a high-pressure stream of urine, his eyes nearly closing as he let out a deep sigh of gloriously overwhelming contentment and pleasure. Lynna found herself stifling a laugh at exactly how he aimed the stream, not wanting to embarrass him by drawing attention to his unusual habits―rather than using his hands, he lifted his leg like a dog. She suspected that might have something to do with why he was so puzzled over how to use the loo.

The rabbit gently wrapped her arms around the wolf and soothingly rubbed his belly to help him fully relax as he blissfully let go, letting her hand slide down low enough to stroke over that tautly swollen spot, feeling the tight and round shape slowly becoming flatter and softer as that great torrent of fluid was finally allowed release. He let his head fall back against her as he panted and lolled his tongue out, having very desperately needed to go for so long that letting all of that out now felt absolutely euphoric, and eventually his whole body melted into her limply as the hazy sensation completely overtook everything else for a moment. The rabbit's pride for him grew even more when she noticed that, even while so overcome with relief, he was still paying just enough attention to not miss the pot.

For awhile it almost seemed that the stream would never stop, several minutes passing before it even began to slow down. Lynna continued her gentle massaging for awhile after he'd finally finished, helping to soothe the slight lingering ache there from being so very full for so very long, as well as earning soft contented sounds from the greatly relieved wolf. Holding him in her arms since he was now entirely bonelessly flopped against her, the rabbit slid her hand upwards to rub all of his belly.

"Such a good boy," she told him as she kissed his muzzle tenderly. "I'm so proud of you." She then couldn't help but giggle a bit and add, "...Even though you nearly drowned my poor plant."

Nono laughed sheepishly, snuggling back against the rabbit cozily with half-lidded eyes and turning his head slightly to return the kiss, his ears flopped back and his tail wagging lazily. "I'm a good puppy?"

"You're a very good puppy," Lynna agreed, sliding her hand up further to hook a thumb into the collar still around his neck. She was charmed by a shy blush and smile from the wolf in response to this action, prompting her to gently add, "...And you're my good puppy." His smile grew positively brilliant at that statement, and she had the distinct impression that despite everything―or perhaps because of it―he'd absolutely enjoyed this whole experience every bit as much as she had.

