Kara's worst exam

Author: Ongeluk

*000*2012-06-16 00:15

“Kara, I'll let you go to the bathroom if you need to.” Miss Harris was standing beside the desk where the shy fourteen years old girl was squirming. She looked with compassion at the frail kid who had been struggling desperately against the will of her capricious bladder for at least the last fifteen minutes.

The students were in the middle of an exam and the teacher had already denied a boy the right to leave for the bathroom, but this case was different. Miss Harris was well aware of Kara's condition and she didn't want the poor child to go through yet another round of deep humiliation. Besides, she knew Kara was a honest girl who would not take advantage of the situation to cheat on the way.

The powerless teenager didn't answer right away. She was looking down in shame, shaking and holding her crotch with her left hand. In her struggle, she had endured several violent spasms and had been unable to keep a couple of leaks from ruining her once white cotton panties. She knew there was an incriminating apple sized dark spot hidden under her hand. She could feel with her fingers the dirty moisture that was slowly spreading around her innocent girlhood and through her jeans. Above all, she was certain she wouldn't be able to overpower her angry bladder's next assault.

“Kara? Did you hear me?” Miss Harris insisted with a tender voice.

“It's too late...” she whispered, admitting her defeat.

As tears flowed down her cheeks and vanished into her shirt, a much more important and embarrassing stream had broken her barriers below. Her impatient fluids rushed furiously through her immature pee-hole, instantly flooding her private parts and inducing a warm but unwelcome feeling under her butt. She released he now useless grip on her pubic area and hid her crimson face into her hands, letting her elbows rest on her desk. Crying like a little kid, she realized she had drawn the attention of everyone in the room.

Despite her loud sobs, a quite explicit hissing sound confirmed to all her humiliating situation. The golden liquid was cascading off the seat of her chair and splattered on the floor as discretely as the Niagara Falls would do. The dark spot quickly grew to cover the best part of her thighs as glistening tracks made their way down her shaking legs. Her white socks turned to an ugly yellow shade before her shoes were filled and overflowing. Soon, the three puddles met to make one that started to expand around her feet and under her chair.

The kids around her were enjoying every second of the show, each of them expressing their own thought about the representation they were attending.

“Is she peeing her panties ?” whispered the girl behind her who couldn't get a clear view of the scene.

“Again ? Isn't it the third time this month?” inquired the boy on her left.

“That's gross !” came from the girl behind him, “She's really a retarded crybaby.”

“She's cute though...” tried a shy guy from the next row.

“What a pathetic child !”, “Poor girl”, “Sucks to be her.”

“And it's still pouring !”, “Look at that puddle !”

Indeed, the amount of urine that had managed to get out of that childish body was quite impressive, spreading over two feet around her chair... and the urinal eruption was still at work. The intense pressure had forced her to part her knees slightly and her dirty waters were literally spurting through her jeans, soaking every inch of it and adding to the massive puddle. Her classmates had to draw their bags aside so they wouldn't be soiled. Finally, after a full minute, the hissing and splashing sounds faded behind Kara's inconsolable sobs and the ignoble laughter of her heartless classmates.

Meanwhile, a steady stream of tears had been flowing uninterrupted since she had lost control. Her shirt witnessed hard evidence of the first tears while the shining tracks running from her wrists down to her elbows and the miniature puddle on her exam sheet testified of the enormous quantity of tears she had shed. Why was this happening to her ? She had always been a good girl, trying hard not to hurt anybody. Now the nurse would certainly put her into a diaper as she had already threatened to do the last time she had wet herself at school, just a week ago. Then even Tim wouldn't want to talk to her anymore. It was really unfair ! Why couldn't she live a normal life like every other 14 years old ?

*006*2012-06-19 00:56

{{:

Is this over, or will we hear about the aftermath? Interesting take, and I like it.

}}

I've a vague plot for an aftermath, but it wouldn't involve any wetting. Also, I'm not sure I'll have the courage to write it.

{{:

I pray this is the beginning of a series and not just a one shot.

}}

This isn't the begining of a series, it began there

And continues here

The thing is I seem unable to keep writing long chapter stories, so I think I'll keep writing standalone episodes about the characters I created.

