Learning to ask permission (Japanese class fic)

Author: nAt2017

*000*2019-08-30 04:04

I write fiction a lot, but usually it's novel-length work, and most of the time, none of the characters are dying for a piss! So please bear with me if this story isn't super great.

It's based on my own experiences in my Japanese language class in college-- obviously, none of the events in this story really happened, but we needed to learn how to ask where the toilets were in Japanese, and it gave me the idea for this little fiction piece. The pictures I'm using are from my actual textbook. Enjoy!

###

When Tomoko-san started taking Japanese, she had to admit she was a little nervous. She'd spoken the language at home when she was young, but had never studied it formally, and was worried that she wouldn't be nearly good enough to survive in a college environment. The class sessions were longer than her Spanish classes in high school had been, and she knew that the learning process would go much faster now. What if she wasn't good enough? What if she fell behind? She could imagine her grandmother, who had been fluent in Japanese while she was alive, shaking her head in disapproval. If Tomoko couldn't learn a language that her family had been speaking for generations, just what the Hell could she be good at?

Being nervous had various effects on her body-- she tended to heat up a lot, and her bladder seemed to be half its normal size during moments of anxiety. So, for the first few sessions of Japanese class, she made sure to have plenty of cold water stored in a bottle in her backpack, and she made absolutely sure to visit the restrooms before class began. But before long, she realized that learning Japanese was actually going to be quite enjoyable. She started to relax in class, make friends with the teacher... some of her childhood memories of speaking Japanese even began to come back to her.

But you know what they say... pride cometh before the fall.

One morning, Tomoko woke up later than normal. She squirmed a little under her covers and moaned-- her bladder was full to the brim. That was normal enough-- she often woke in the night with a bursting bladder, rolled over in bed, and fell right back asleep, only to have to clutch herself and sprint to the toilets in the morning when 8 hours of pent-up piss tried to force itself out of her body. But today, she took one look at her watch and realized that if she didn't run to class now, she was going to be late for her first session. And being late was almost worse than needing to excuse herself in the middle of a lecture.

So, she got up, quickly changed into a pair of tight leggings and a t-shirt, and left the dorm building, clenching her muscles tight to hold back the flood of hot urine currently weighing down her poor bladder. She was pretty sure she could see a bulge protruding between her hips-- she really had to go-- but she ignored it.

The teacher had told them yesterday that today was going to be a very important lesson.

###

There was no time for a potty break before class began. Tomoko gritted her teeth, crossing her legs for a moment before entering the classroom-- even in high school, it had been difficult for her to hold through a class when she was desperate, and college classes were almost double the length. But she decided that she could wait. She was an adult, after all-- she could control her bladder no matter how full it was.

She sat down at the front of the class as per usual, pushing her backpack under her seat and trying not to listen to the sloshing of her full water bottle as the bag slumped against the floor. She was going to make it. She was going to make it. She just needed to pay attention to what the teacher was saying.

The sensei greeted the class cheerfully, then told them to turn to page 277 in their textbook. "Today, we will be learning how to ask permission to use the restroom," she said.

Tomoko's bladder tightened in her abdomen, and she let out a small gasp as her need increased substantially. She was very susceptible to the power of suggestion... simply asking for a toilet made her need to go. And she already needed to go. She needed to go badly!

The first illustration on page 277 was of a young man in desperate need of a piss.

$$

It was a simple drawing-- no bladder bulge, no pee trickle-- but the look of urgency on the young man's cartoon face made Tomoko squirm. Oh God, she needed to piss. But she tried to listen to the teacher.

"How do you say, 'Takeshi-san wants to go to the toilet?" the teacher asked.

Tomoko and the rest of the class recited the words. Suddenly, a memory flashed in Tomoko's mind-- she was three years old and her bladder was full to the point of spurting, and she told her mother, "I need to pee!!!" in Japanese while dancing in place. Her mother laughed and told her she could hold it until they got home. (She couldn't, of course.)

The memory sent Tomoko's current urge to pee skyrocketing, and she had to discreetly slip her hand between her thighs and give herself a quick squeeze. The urine was pressing low in her bladder at this point, signaling that it was time to go-- but Tomoko couldn't go. She had to wait. She needed to get through this class!

The rest of the textbook page involved asking directions to various bathrooms-- Tomoko managed to get through that fairly well, politely telling her classmates where to go if they needed to relieve themselves. When it was her turn to ask where to toilets were, she felt a dribble of pee come through her urethra, but she stemmed the flow well enough.

Then, came the worst part. "Roleplay time!" the teacher declared.

Each of the students had to go up in front of the class with a partner and have a conversation-- express their desperation, ask where the toilets were, and then say thank-you for the directions. Tomoko was paired up with a slender young woman with blonde hair-- when it was their turn, the blonde girl leaned over and whispered, "Is it okay if you play the desperate one? I haven't peed all morning, and I don't think I'll survive admitting it out loud!"

All morning?! Tomoko thought to herself. I haven't pissed since yesterday! But she was too polite to refuse, so she stood up, fighting gravity and a raging bladder, and went up in front of the class to do her roleplay.

She tried really, really hard to play it cool. "I have to go so bad," she said in Japanese to the blonde girl. "I-- I drank three cups of hot tea this morning, and I cannot wait. I want to pee. Where is the toilet?"

Her bladder contracted at the thought of being told where the bathrooms were, and poor Tomoko had to cross her legs to keep from completely flooding her leggings. The class laughed, not unkindly-- clearly, they thought she was just an excellent actress.

The blonde girl grimaced. "Toilets are very far away," she said. "To get there..."

The girl began listing off directions in stilted Japanese. It took her forever to get through a single step in the process-- Tomoko gritted her teeth and clenched her legs shut. God, why couldn't this blonde girl hurry up? She had to go badly too, didn't she? The sooner they were done, the sooner they could go back to their seats and forget the stress of possibly wetting in front of the class!

The teacher interrupted every now and then to correct the blonde girl's awful grammar. With every delay, Tomoko's bladder pulsed a little more desperately, so full of piss that it hurt! She wished she could grab herself and dance around like she did as a child to ease her desperate need, but her classmates would figure out she wasn't faking eventually. She needed to get to a restroom.

When the blonde girl was done giving her endless list of directions, the teacher frowned-- clearly, she wasn't impressed by their performance. "Not done yet," she said. "You need more practice. Tomoko-san, pretend that the toilets are broken, and ask Smith-san if you can use her home toilet."

The blonde girl pointed at the door. "Toilets are broken," she said in Japanese. "You will need to wait."

Tomoko could feel the piss leaking out of her bladder and into her underwear-- she tried not to moan. She couldn't wait-- she wasn't going to make it much longer without bursting-- she needed to get out of this classroom!

"Smith-san, may I-- may I use your restroom?" she asked.

The blonde girl started to give directions, but Tomoko felt her bladder leak a longer, hotter spurt, and she realized that it was now or never. "Otearai ni ikitai desu!" she yelped, then dashed out of the room.

Even once she was out of the classroom, she had no idea if she was going to make it to the toilets in time. Tomoko grabbed her crotch and ran as fast as she could, gushing spurts of pee escaping with every jolting step she took-- damn Smith-san! Tomoko half-fell down the stairs to the lower floor, where the ladies room was waiting for her.

She burst through the doors of the restroom, slammed into a stall, bolted the door with shaking hands, and managed to get her pants down before she completely lost it.

###

Hope you enjoyed my first attempt at omorashi fiction! I swear I'm better at writing when I'm not focusing on holding my own pee, lol.

$$

*002*2019-08-30 08:02

{{1 hour ago, Ishigreensa said:

That wasn't too bad, actually, but perhaps through your nervousness, you did more telling than showing. Even though knowing that she had been holding it all night from before might help us understand why it was so hard, you might not have had to start off with describing that half....

You did come back to it later in the story when the girl asked her if she would be the desperate one, and she thought about her own predicament. You could have told us at that point, why she was so desperate, and spent the first bit of the story building up her need in our minds.

That said, I still think this story was pretty fluent and well written so it was easy to understand and follow. We certainly could understand her predicament, and we could sympathize with her easily as she got to the bathroom and used it, so the story is successful... if that was your goal....

Maybe if you read a little more fiction on this sight and practice more, you might improve your omorashii writing to the same level as your non-related fiction writing.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! Yeah, I was definitely really nervous while writing this. I'm also not used to writing on a full bladder... when writing normally, I always make sure to pee before starting. I thought that needing to go really bad while writing would make it feel more authentic, but really, all it did was make me type "oh god oh god oh god" every few lines

(Plus, I hate drafting in-browser. Everything feels rushed. I might try Microsoft word next time, but I'm always worried that if I write omorashi stuff in the same application I use for school, I'll end up accidentally submitting full bladder fiction to a professor! )

