The Wild Tempest - Page 22

Author: OmoCommando

*525*2013-05-24 21:46

Protocol 1 of the Geneva Convention and Section II, Article 23 of the Hague Conventions, both of which are regarded as international law, do indeed state that it is illegal to kill or wound a person or persons who have laid down arms or no longer have a means of defense.

Natsumi had disarmed herself, and conveniently followed these laws to the letter, but this is a fictional story and doesn't relate to non-fictional laws and conventions. The Geneva and Hague Conventions were not made with extraterrestrial threats in mind, as those societies may not necessarily abide by the same principles. So let's not apply modern day laws to fictional material, please.

Also, starting a part over just because something undesirable happens sort of ruins the point of a choose-your-own-adventure story. Main character death is one thing, but other than that it just kind of defeats the purpose.

I is sorry ._.

*533*2013-05-26 09:31

{{:

This is probably futile, but pleeeaaase can we have a redo?

}}

Nooooooooo ;__;

Blue team's fate does not hang on whether Natsumi lives or dies. I don't want to go spoiling anything but she isn't even the main villain of the story. Lots more surprises await on board that alien cruiser.

No giving up the fight before the bell rings! I won't allow it!

*539*2013-05-29 05:39

___

Interlude: Squad health and bladder statuses not needed.

___

You walk up to Jenni, your heart still wracked with grief and guilt from the earlier incident. You look at her, but she seems unsure of you.

“Captain.” She greets you.

“Hey Jenni.” you sit down next to her. “How are you doing?”

She sighs. “Feeling a little shaky now that the serum has passed from my system. Otherwise, I’m fine.”

“Look, um... I wanted to talk to you about the... incident with Natsumi.”

“Oh?”

You pause, you actually aren’t sure how to word this. You’re overwhelmed with those feelings again. Yes, Natsumi was your enemy, but after hearing her situation and why she did what she did, you can’t help but feel for her. Everything she had done was out of selflessness. But still... how could you word that to Jenni? How could you express the guilt you were feeling without making an ass of yourself?

The closer you got to Jenni, the more your heart began to beat. You knew it was impossible to deny now. More than anything else, you wanted to give this girl your heart. She was the one. And then... at last... the words begin to flow from that heart.

“Jenni... your opinion of me is extremely important, and I don’t want you to be thinking ill of me after what just happened.”

Jenni turns to look at you. Her eyes widened in attentively. “All right...”

“I... sincerely regret Natsumi’s death.” You say. “I made a mistake and a bad call. And I’m sorry. I acted hastily and that haste has resulted in the death of an innocent woman.” You tried, you really did, but a tear escapes your left eye... and you know Jenni sees it. “I can’t express the guilt I feel. I want so badly to apologize to Natsumi... The last thing she had... I took away from her.”

“Isabel...”

“I don’t know who to apologize to now...” you sob, “except you.”

Jenni moves over and embraces you in your hour of sorrow. “I understand. I didn’t know you felt so bad about this...”

“All of this... the betraying, the insensitive killings, the blood baths... I’m tired of it.”

Jenni laughs softly as the two of you separate. “I think that’s a little over-the-top, ma’am, but I understand what you mean.”

There was something else you had to say, something you had to convey, regardless of the ramifications. “Jenni... I have to know... even after your tragedy you spoke of, do you think you’d still be interested in a relationship with another girl?”

Jenni is silent for a few seconds. “Um... I’m not sure... perhaps one day.”

“If you do... I would like to be that girl.”

Jenni smiles bashfully. “I’m... I’m... I-I don’t know what to say.”

“Any answer is fine... though... ‘yes’ is preferred.” You lean closer to her.

Jenni shifts in place, her hands lightly wringing together. Her face was more red than it was when she peed on the floor earlier. At the distance you were from each other, you could hear her breathing become heavier. “Isabel... I’m flattered you think of me that way...”

Your heart sinks. “But...”

“...but we have a mission to complete here. You’re a Captain, you know how it works. You need an objective mind.”

You sigh in disappointment. “Yeah... you’re right.”

You start to rise when Jenni grabs your wrist and pulls you back down. She then bends over next to your ear. “But... after the mission... well, we’ll see.” She whispers.

[Relationship +1 with Jenni]

After a quick five-minute rest you get everyone back on their feet. “We have no time to waste, team. Everyone up, let’s get that computer going.”

The six of you head down the hall where the room to the computer core is.

“Proceed carefully, team.” You say. You hold your rifle close as you head in. You punch the door controls, and the door slides open. You storm in to find a trio of kauranian troops trying to hack into the computer core.

The middle trooper walks forward. His armor, unlike his cohorts, is far more elaborate and bulky. You look on his shoulders and see the star-like insignia of an imperial elite.

The elite presses a switch on his gauntlet, and becomes covered in a shimmering blue light. It was a Protective Energy Emitter. A personal shield that protected the user from nearly all energy-based weapons. While the device’s acronym was creatively questionable, it was a very efficient defense.

“Isabel, only physical attacks can break through a shield like that.” Jenni whispers. “I can use the knife Dean give me, but kauranians are a lot stronger than humans.”

That would complicate things. You weren’t sure how to defeat this new enemy. The other two were just regular troops, but this elite trooper would make things difficult. There was no negotiating with the Empire. They wanted war, and you were only too happy to oblige.

> Have everyone open fire at the same time.

> Have everyone toss grenades.

> Have Jenni go up and attack with her knife.

> Order everyone to engage at will.

> Other: ___.

*548*2013-05-31 18:27

{{:

Do we have any of that resurrection medpacks that Omocommando mentioned a few pages back? If so, go back and use it on Natsumi to bring her back. If not, try to get one and bring her back if that's at all possible...

}}

I was wondering if someone would catch that.

___

Squad Status:

Isabel (you): Wounded

Michelle: Critical

Jenni: Fine

Carly: Wounded

Lewis: Wounded

Dean: Critical

Squad Bladder Status:

Isabel (you): 20%

Michelle: 25%

Jenni: 2%

Carly: 20%

Equipped Weapon: AR5L Assault Rifle (22/32 shots)

___

You motion over to Dean. “Corporal, I want you to head back to the hangar bay and see if that life support med kit might work on Natsumi.”

Dean grins. “Yes ma’am.”

“Go as soon as we have their attention drawn.”

The kauranian troopers notice your activity and immediately raise their weapons.

You grab your last EC grenade from your belt. “Everyone throw a grenade, now!” You yell.

“No! Don’t do that!” Michelle says after you.

Too late. You’d already tossed the grenade. As it strikes near the feet of the enemy soldiers, the cylindrical explosive releases its wave of energy across the room. The processors begin to spark and ignite as electromagnetic energy surges through them.

[isabel -1 EC grenade (0 remaining)]

“This is a computer core! Why would you order grenade usage?” Jenni says with a condescending tone.

You look at the enemy. There doesn’t appear to much change. The elite trooper was still encased within a shell of cobalt light. “Jenni, take the knife, follow me. Michelle, Carly engage the other troopers!” While firing at the trooper, you run towards him at top speed. He fires back.

[You have taken damage]

Isabel (you): Wounded --> Critical

You shrug off the wound and continue charging forward. You jump up and tackle the trooper at the waist. He struggles with you for a while, trying to shake you off.

You punch him in the stomach and your fist goes right through the shield. Unfortunately, Jenni is right. You just couldn’t match the trooper for strength. He pushes you off and kicks you hard in the chest.

[You have taken damage]

While occupied with you, the trooper failed to notice Jenni flanking him. She gets behind him and slices him across the neck where the armor is weakest.

The trooper grabs the wound, green blood leaks everywhere, and he stumbles around in agony. Jenni then takes her rifle, puts it right up the trooper’s head so the barrel went through the shield.

“Shields won’t save you from this.” She says, then pulls the trigger. A burst of fire pierces the trooper’s helmet, sending him flying to the ground.

“Well done team.” You say. “Let’s boot that computer core!”

“No way that’s happening, Isabel.” Jenni says. “Your EC grenade fried every electronic system in here.”

“Am I hearing this right?” Commander Reynolds says over the comm.

Jenni sighs. “Yes Commander, I’m afraid so.”

“Captain, why did you think it necessary to use grenades inside the computer core?” Reynolds asks calmly.

“Well... um...” You weren’t sure what to say. “Seemed like a good idea at the time...”

Now Reynolds sighs. “Lieutenant Freeman, do you think you can undo the damage?”

“I’ll have to do a hard restart of the core, ma’am.” Jenni replies.

“Do it.”

“Commander, with all due respect, I need my team at full strength.” You protest.

“And I need this ship functioning if that other ship decides to open fire.” Reynolds responds. “Your lieutenant is the only one who can repair the core, so she stays. That’s an order.”

“...Understood.”

[Jenni is no longer a part of the team]

“If I can join again, I will, Isabel.” Jenni says.

“In the meantime, I need that cruiser taken out somehow.” Reynolds says. “Thoughts?”

“Even without computer control, we can still fire the main guns manually.” Michelle says. “I’ve put in a lot of hours in using those systems, I’m pretty sure I can bring them back online without the computer. We can then start firing at the cruiser.”

“Good. Any other thoughts?”

“We can take fighters or one of the enemy’s boarding ships and board the cruiser ourselves.” Carly suggests. “I can then plant an explosive in the engine core or something and destroy the ship from within.”

That was a good plan too, the only problem was that it would be difficult to pull off since you were a woman short. Dean and Lewis were competent but didn’t have commando gear or training. However, five cannons probably weren’t enough to take on the enemy cruiser, so Michelle’s plan was not without risk either. Everything would hinge on whether or not Jenni could get the computer going again.

> Go with Michelle’s plan; Bring the cannons online, aim manually.

> Go with Carly’s plan; board the enemy vessel.

> Other: ___.

