Stargate: Omorashi (SG Fanfiction)

Author: Anubis

*000*2013-11-12 22:49

Since I've only posted fiction that I made up, on this site, I've been wanting to try a fan-fiction story. If there are any fans of Stargate on this site, then hopefully you like it.

1

Why didn't I pee while I had the chance? Lt. Mary Springs thought as she put on her Kevlar vest and tightened her boot strings. She had been drinking a lot of liquids throughout the past few hours and now, she was about to go on a mission, with no time to stop in a restroom.

Lt. Col. Katherine Andrews clapped her hands and smiled as she saw that her team was ready. "So, SG-Twenty Four, you guys all ready?"

Dr. Michael Rivers, a fifty year-old scientist, grumbled under his breath as he didn't very much like going off-world through the Stargate. He did, however, quite enjoy studying specimens brought to Earth from alien planets, which was the only reason he was even a member of SG-24.

The other scientist in their team was a young, twenty-something girl, with a small body, short, blonde hair, and small breasts. Her name was Dr. Michelle Green and she was almost always excited about going off-world. With a smile on her face, Dr. Green replied, "I'm ready to go!"

Lt. Col. Andrews shook her head and chuckled, causing her red pony tail to sway behind her head, as she looked at Dr. Green. "You remind me of a little kid pretending to be a soldier, Green!"

Mary stood up from the bench where she was sitting, in front of her locker, and quickly shut the door in front of her. She turned to look at Michelle Green, who looked a little odd wearing her helmet, Kevlar vest, boots, and SG uniform. The sight would have been amusing under normal circumstances, but right then, as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, all she could think of was her rapidly filling bladder, which already held eighty percent of its total capacity.

"You alright Springs?" Lt. Col. Andrews asked, raising an eyebrow at Mary.

Feeling a little embarrassed, Mary glanced at her team leader and smiled. "I'm okay. We better get to the Gate Room."

Mary's team leader nodded, but said nothing as she looked suspiciously at her. She turned around and led the way out of the locker room, into the hall. Dr. Rivers followed after her, all suited up. He shook his balding, gray head and grumbled quietly as he walked out.

Mary made no move to follow and she groaned quietly as she felt her panties becoming wet from the arousal brought about by her increasing desperation.

"Are you going to be okay Mary?" Dr. Green asked. "You look and sound like you're in pain."

Mary smiled at the cute little scientist as she wiped sweat off of her forehead with her sleeve. "I'm going to be alright. Don't worry about me."

Dr. Green smiled. "Well, we better catch up with the rest of the team. We don't want to get in trouble with the Colonel, do we?"

Mary nodded and slowly walked out into the hall, with Dr. Green picking up the rear. The team of four walked through the halls, towards the armory, to retreive their weapons. It was required to take them with them, just in case they ran into hostile enemies.

Along the way, Mary felt like she was sweating all over her body from worrying that she wouldn't make it to a restroom in time and from the discomfort she was enduring.

In the armory, Lt. Col. Andrews picked up one of the Jaffa Zat guns and stuck it into a custom-made holster on her belt. She turned around and watched as Mary and Dr. Green entered the room. She grinned from ear to ear and said, "So, you two finally caught up with the rest of us, eh?"

Mary nodded and grabbed a sidearm, a couple of ammo clips, and a p90 submachine gun from one of the weapon racks. Then she was all ready to go, with the exception of her dire need of a toilet. While Mary waited for the rest of their team to get their equipment, she shook her hips slightly and tapped the toe of her right boot on the floor.

Lt. Col. Andrews got a p90 submachine gun for herself and a few clips. She smirked at Mary. "You look like you're all ready to go!"

Mary nodded. "Yes, I want to get this mission done and over with."

In reality, what Mary really wanted to do was run to the nearest restroom, strip off her gear, sit on a toilet, and sigh from the relief of letting a powerful stream of urine gush into the water below. Unfortunately, if she did that, she would be in trouble with her team leader, who was very strict and easily became angry with irresponsible team members. She also knew that if she were to wet her pants off-world, she would be in trouble then, as well.

No, don't think about wetting yourself! You've got to hold it! Once everyone else was ready, Mary led the way out of the armory and the rest of the team followed her to the Gate Room.

Major General Henry Landry, or Hank, as some called him, watched with a grim look on his face as SG-24 entered the room where the Stargate waited for them. The mission that this team was about to go on was an important one. He considered sending SG-1, but Col. Mitchel and his team were busy with other important work on another planet.

In the gateroom, Mary tried to stand still so no one would know how badly she needed to pee, but with her bladder filling more every minute, her need was becoming more difficult to hide.

Lost in thought, Mary stared at the floor and thought once again about finding a toilet, sitting down, and relieving herself, but it seemed that such a thing was only a fantasy.

While the team waited, the Stargate began to slowly dial as the guy behind the dialing computer dialed out, to the planet where SG-24 was going.

Dr. Green kept glancing at Mary, who was holding her p90 with one hand and rubbing her leg, inches away from her crotch, with the other. She really wanted to put a hand against her crotch, but was afraid that people would see. Maybe when we get on the other side, I can piss behind a tree or bush. It's a primitive world with lots of forest in the area. There's got to be a place I can pee.

Mary looked at Dr. Green and their eyes met for a second before Dr. Green blushed and looked away. Barely noticing that Michelle had blushed, Mary thought about getting on the other side and asking her team leader if she could relieve herself behind a tree, but was afraid that the answer would be no.

When Mary first joined the SGC and became a member of SG-24, a year earlier, there was a woman in the team, who was about twenty five years old, who repeatedly asked Lt. Col. Andrews if she could go behind a tree and piss, during a mission. The former member had not seemed desperate to Mary, though she was probably good at hiding it, at first.

Lt. Col. Andrews' response had been, "Captain Fisher, you're a grown lady and should be able to control your bladder. You're going to use a toilet when we get back to Earth, like a lady!"

After that incident, the former member wet herself before returning to Earth and left SG-24 soon after. She had been replaced a couple of weeks later by Dr. Michelle Green, the young, pretty, blonde scientist, who Mary guessed was about her age, twenty-three.

Knowing that she would not be able to hide her desperation much longer, Mary started marching in place as she watched the sixth chevron on the Stargate lock. I hope I can sneak off somewhere so I can pee without the Colonel knowing. If I try to hold it until I get back to Earth, I'm going to wet myself, like that one girl!

Keeping her thoughts to herself, Mary continued marching in place as the seventh chevron on the Stargate locked. An unstable vortex burst out of the front and quickly receeded into the event horizon of the Stargate, as it always did.

Mary clenched her jaw and held onto her gun for dear life, wishing she could throw it down to the floor and put both hands between her legs. She could feel her bladder swelling as her kidneys continued to fill it. Soon, she would no longer be able to contain the flood within, and she was on the verge of panic.

"Let's go, shall we?" Lt. Col. Andrews looked back at her team and smiled at them. Mary and Dr. Rivers both looked uncomfortable, while Dr. Green was grinning from ear to ear.

"What's the matter Lieutenant?" Lt. Col. Andrews asked. "Usually, you like doing this stuff."

Mary stopped marching in place and nodded at her team leader. "I-I'm just not feeling very well today."

Lt. Col. Andrews frowned at Mary. "That's because you've been cooped up in the base all day. You need some fresh air on an alien planet! That always makes me feel better."

The team leader looked away from her team and walked up the ramp towards the blue, shimmering event horizon of the Stargate, which made Mary think of water, with lots of tiny ripples in it. The very thought caused her to feel a powerful urge to pee and she froze in place, with her legs pressed together.

Come on, control it Mary. Control it... As her team walked through the Stargate, the bladder spasm passed and Mary frantically hurried after them. Once they were all through, the event horizon destabalized and the Stargate shut off.

*002*2013-11-13 00:31

{{:

Yes thank you! I've been wanting to see a Stargate fanfic. Any other TV shows you could do an omo fanfic for?

}}

I was considering doing an Omo Fanfic for Xena Warrior Princess sometime, but not sure when. I might do one for Supernatural sometime. That's another TV show I really like.

*004*2013-11-13 13:52

{{:

Not really a fan of Supernatural, honestly i'm surprised that show is even still on. But nevertheless i'm sure I would enjoy a fanfic of one of the female characters being desperate.

Are you familiar with Star Trek?

}}

I am familiar with Star Trek but have not watched much of it. I did watch all of Star Trek Voyager, which I thought was awesome, but not much else.

*006*2013-11-13 15:21

2

Dr. Michelle Green took another glance at Lt. Mary Springs as the gate shut off behind the team. It was so obvious what was happening in that sexy woman's body. The worried look, she can't stand still, she acts like she's hiding something, she is desperate to pee.

Knowing that Mary Springs was bursting for a piss made Michelle's panties all wet underneath her uniform. Her clit was bulging and she really wanted to rip off Mary's clothing and strip off her own clothes. A slight grin appeared on Michelle's face as she started to fantasize.

Mary, it would be so hot if we stripped off each others' clothing and made hot, passionate love while you lost control and pissed an ocean all over my naked body. Michelle's grin grew as she imagined the scene.

She imagined Mary straddling her stomach as she grabbed Mary's large breasts and played with her nipples. She imagined Mary gasping and groaning, as she stroked the hot, desperate Air Force woman's clit with her fingers, while at the same time hot pee gushed out of Mary's body, all over Michelle's stomach and chest.

Mary caught Michelle staring at her and she narrowed her eyes at her, all the while bending at the waist and groaning softly. Michelle blushed again and looked away, knowing that such a fantasy with Mary would remain only that, a fantasy.

"Alright, we've got an hour journey to the village," Lt. Col. Andrews said as she ran a hand through her red hair. "Everyone stick together. No one go off by yourself. I can't order you civilians to stick with us, like I can with the new Air Force gal, but your safety is my top priority."

The Colonel turned away and led the group down a long path through the trees. Michelle kept glancing at Mary as they walked towards the village at the end of the path. She noticed that Mary was frantically looking around at the trees around her.

She is probably going to try and sneak off so she can pee behind one! Michelle thought.

"Are you thinking about going off by yourself?" Michelle whispered.

Mary shook her head and grimaced. "Of course not. I would never disobey a direct order."

Michelle looked down, without Mary noticing, and found that she had one hand between her legs, while hiding it by holding her gun over it. Clever...

"Well, if you do go off by yourself, Lieutenant, I'll tell the Colonel."

Mary shot an angry look at Michelle and snarled, but said nothing.

Michelle couldn't believe it! She now had Mary under her control, who was probably more afraid than ever to hurry into the forest for a long-overdue pee. She also couldn't believe that she was forcing someone to hold in their pee for her. This was a fantasy she had for most of her young-adult life, but she felt guilty about controlling someone's bladder against their will.

Michelle wanted to undo the belt around her pants and shove her hand down between her legs so she could masturbate. She was so horny that she just about couldn't stand it. Unfortunately, right then was not the time for it. She was with her team, going to a village that had been attacked by a group of evil men, who were part of the Lucian Alliance. Whether they were a rogue group of members or not was unknown, but they had stolen food and gold from the villagers, as well as raped some of the women and young girls there.

When Michelle thought about the task at hand, she felt sudden rage and forgot all about her fantasy for a moment. The Lucian Alliance had been a terrible enemy, with the members being just as bad as the Goa'uld System Lords they replaced.

In the village itself, there was a large, hairy man, with a big beard, wearing animal skins, preaching to the villagers, who were standing on their knees as they listened. "The gods have abandoned us and sent the Lucian Alliance to punish us for the unforgiven sins that some among you have committed! Everyone repent now and they shall return to us with forgiveness and save us from the evil that has fallen upon us!"

Behind the man, SG-24 arrived in the village, after their hour-long walk and Michelle heard every word, not sure if she should feel sorry for the deluded man or if she should be angry at him, in the off chance that he was a con-man, trying to control the villagers through fear and guilt.

"Hello there," Lt. Col. Andrews said as her group joined the crowd.

The preaching man turned around and smiled at them. "So, you have heard our people's cries for help and have come to our aid?"

"Yes," the team leader replied.

Michelle took the introductions as an opportunity to take another peak at Mary, who still had one hand between her legs and was hiding it with her p90. She was standing up straight, but her face was red as she looked at the villagers. Michelle could also see that Mary's jaw was clenched as she stood there, trying not to soak her pants.

The man in the animal skins shook Lt. Col. Andrews' hand and then he turned around to talk to the people again. "Villagers! The time for our salvation has come! It is because you have repented of your sins! Now, the gods shall return to us!"

Michelle shook her head, unable to believe the nonsense that she was hearing, but that is when she heard footsteps hurrying through the woods, rustling leaves and snapping twigs, somewhere off in the distance behind her. She turned around to see who was there, but saw no one. What in the hell?

Over across the village, a man dressed in animal skins, like the bearded man, poked his head out of a hut. He was quite a bit younger than the guy who was preaching and looked as if he was in his late twenties. He took aim at SG-24 with a Zat and Michelle was the only one who noticed. "Everyone, look out!"

Lt. Col. Andrews and Dr. Rivers dropped down to their knees as the man in the hut fired. The energy from the Zat flew towards Mary and she opened her eyes wide as she froze in fear. When she was hit, she grimaced, dropped her gun, and fell to her knees.

"Mary!" Michelle cried, as her fallen team member fell face-down to the ground. She got down on her knees and rolled Mary over, just in time to see a wet patch appearing between Mary's legs. She could hear the loud hiss from the stream of pee that was gushing out of her and a small trickle of clear pee passed through the material and drizzled to the dirt below.

Lt. Col. Andrews aimed her p90 at the hut where they had been shot at from, but the man inside had taken off into the forest.

Behind Michelle, another Zat was fired and Michelle was struck in the back. She cried out in pain and slumped over on top of Mary's unconscious body, which was still peeing a river, forming a puddle underneath it in the dirt.

###

"Fall back to the gate!" Lt. Col. Andrews ordered. She got up and picked up Michelle with one hand.

Dr. Rivers remained on the ground and covered his head. "Dear God man, get up and help me!" the team leader cried.

She let go of Michelle as she heard rustling behind her and turned around just in time to see a man aiming at her with a Zat. She took a shot at him, striking his shoulder. He cried out as he fell backwards into the leaves.

Dr. Rivers got up from the ground and ran back in the direction of the Stargate, crying out in terror, completely forgetting about his team.

"Get back here!" the Colonel cried, but he did not listen.

She picked up Michelle again and looked at the bearded man who was watching her with a grin on his face. "You are not taking those women back with you, Colonel. We need them for our salvation."

Throwing down her p90, Lt. Col. Andrews picked up Mary and started to hurry back to the gate as she carried them. Quickly, the bearded man hurried into a hut and grabbed a Jaffa staff weapon. He walked out into the clearing and powered up his weapon.

The Colonel and her fallen team members were moving surprisingly fast, down the path, but they had not gotten far enough, as they had not yet reached the curve up ahead, which would have allowed them to take cover behind some trees.

The bearded man took aim and fired one shot, striking the Colonel in the back. She cried out and fell face down in the dirt, dropping both of the women she was carrying. Four men hurried out of the woods and two of them each grapped Mary and Michelle, before pulling them away.

Lt. Col. Andrews rolled over and pulled the Zat out of her holster. She turned it on and took aim at one of the men who were pulling her teammates into the woods, but she did not fire, because she feared accidentally killing the two women she tried to save.

The bearded man hurried down the path and shot the Zat that was in the Colonel's hand. She cried out as the staff blast burned her fingers and she dropped her weapon.

Once the bearded man was standing over her, he looked down and smiled. "I have decided to spare you. Go back to your world, but come back here no more. Your friends belong to the gods now."

Lt. Col. Andrews snarled at the man. "No, I will not go back home without them!"

The man frowned. "So be it!"

He aimed his staff weapon down at Lt. Col. Andrews' head, but did not fire. The Colonel closed her eyes and waited for death, but it did not come. "Maybe there is no need to kill you either, Colonel. Perhaps the gods have better uses for you."

The Colonel opened her eyes and looked up at him, but showed no fear, though her heart was pounding violently in her chest. Suddenly, the eyes of the man standing over her glowed white for a second. She had a bad feeling that her fate would be worse than death.

*009*2013-11-14 00:36

{{:

I love Stargate and this story. it has to be one of my favourite tv shows but sadly there is not enough omorashi related fiction based on it so I am glad to see this story. I was slightly disappointed at the beginning that it was not sg1 but i Guess this allows you more artistic license but would love to see sam and vala in some "situations" in the future, if they are sent to rescue them, after all no man/woman is left behind. But great story and I look forward to more.

}}

Ah, but you won't have to be disappointed for long. I sort of did this on purpose. I made up a team that would be in trouble, this way, SG-1 would have an excuse to go on a rescue mission, ending up with Vala and Sam finding themselves in "situations".

3

George Paulson was looking at the Stargate through the window in front of him. Since replacing Walter Harriman, who transferred to the Pentagon from Stargate Command, George loved his new job, but he was afraid that he wouldn't be able to fill the shoes that were left for him to fill. When things got interesting, he feared that he might panic and screw up, thereby putting the Earth in danger.

There were two other guys in the room with him, one of them looking up at the ceiling, obviously bored, and the other was reading a book. Though the other guys thought that they had another uneventful day ahead of them, with the three SG teams that were off-world not scheduled to be back for a few more hours, George was afraid that this would be the day that he finally screwed up.

The guy who was staring at the ceiling looked at George and noticed the worried expression on his face. "Don't worry man, everything will be alright. Nothing's going to happen."

George looked at him and shook his head. "That's what you think."

Just then, the Stargate became active and the chevrons started to light up, one-by-one. George quickly closed the iris and turned on the alarm. "Unscheduled off-world activation!" George cried. "See, I knew something would happen!"

A team of guards hurried into the Gate Room and got in position, ready to shoot down any enemies that came through, as the event horizon appeared on the other side of the iris.

General Landry came down the steps at the back of the control room as George received an IDC.

"It's SG-Twenty Four, sir!" George cried.

"Let em' in!" Gen. Landry said.

George opened the iris and then Dr. Rivers of SG-24 rushed through. "They've been taken!" he cried. "They took them!"

The Stargate shut off behind Dr. Rivers and General Landry quickly made his way into the Gate Room, to find out what happened. As soon as Dr. River saw the general, he hurried towards him. "General, the rest of the team was taken!"

"Who took them Doctor Rivers?"

Dr. Rivers pointed at the Stargate as he started to hyperventilate. "The people on the planet, they said stuff about gods, salvation, and sin, and took them into the woods!"

General Landry grabbed the frightened scientist's arms. "Calm down, it'll be alright. We'll send someone to get them, I promise."

Dr. Rivers closed his eyes and nodded. He started to breathe in and out slowly, trying to calm himself.

###

SG-1 was already back at the gate, after the SGC dialed to their location and let them know that they were needed right away. Vala was happy to be going back, as she found the meeting they were having to be dull and boring. Not only that, but she had been drinking a lot of water from the well in the town they were staying in, mostly to give herself something to do, but also because she became quite thirsty, due to the hot climate. The generous people people had said that SG-1 was welcome to drink from their well, any time they wanted.

While waiting for Daniel to dial to Earth, Vala could feel her bladder filling and swelling. Please hurry up Daniel. Though she was not yet desperate, she was becoming extremely uncomfortable.

Hoping to distract herself from her bladder, Vala asked Cameron what was going on. "So, why are we going back already?"

After the unstable vortex of the Stargate burst out the front and receeded back inside, Daniel sent the SGC their IDC. While doing this, Cameron looked at Vala and frowned. "We've got to rescue SG-24. They were captured on a mission and only one of them made it back."

Vala nodded. "Oh. So, as soon as we get back, we've got to go off-world again?"

"Indeed," Teal'c said.

Vala started shifting her weight from foot-to-foot, wishing she could have time to get to a toilet, while on Earth, but it sounded like it wasn't going to happen. Cameron and Daniel walked through first, while Vala and Teal'c went through last.

After emerging on the other side, General Landry was standing at the base of the ramp, waiting for them, as the Stargate shut off.

"So, how did your meeting go?" General Landry asked. "Sorry I had to interrupt it."

Cameron smiled. "It was dull and boring, but other than that, I'd say it went great."

Vala was about to mention something about using the restroom, but she was interrupted by General Landry, before she could even open her mouth. "I've sent a message to Colonel Carter to come and help you, since it sounds like you might need all of the help you can get. She's been busy lately, but she had some spare time, so I'll be sending her through, after you. She'll be accompanied by SG-3 when you see her."

General Landry left the Gate Room after wishing SG-1 good luck and they got off of the ramp, to a safe distance away from the Stargate, so it could be dialed. While waiting for the Stargate to dial out, Vala started shaking her knees and rubbing them together. She bit her lower lip as she watched the fifth chevron lock. Though she was almost never uncomfortable about saying what was on her mind, for some reason, when she was in dire need of a restroom, she found the idea of telling people that she was desperate to be very humiliating.

Teal'c raised an eyebrow at her when he noticed how much trouble she had with standing still and he grinned, but said nothing. Vala did not notice as she was focused entirely on her increasing need to urinate. Why didn't I say something? Oh god, I'm going to burst if I don't pee soon.

As soon as the wormhole was open and they were able to safely walk through the gate, Cameron got up on the ramp and turned around to look at his team. "Alright guys, let's go kick some bad guys' asses and save SG-Twenty Four!"

He seemed to be the only one enthusiastic about the new mission, so he said, "Calm down everybody, it's not that exciting..."

After his last comment, Cameron turned around and walked up the ramp. The rest of the team followed him and all Vala could think about as they went through was relieving herself into a toilet.

Once on the other side, the team emerged on the same path that SG-24 had taken to the village. When Vala saw the trees all around, she felt excited to know that relief was just seconds away.

When the Stargate shut off behind them, Vala whispered to Daniel. "Um, I'm just about dying for a piss. I'm going to go behind a tree."

Upon hearing that, Daniel's eyes lit up and he nodded. He watched while Vala hurried off into the trees, to find a place to pee.

"Where are you going?" Cameron asked.

Daniel smiled and chuckled. "She told me she was dying to use the little girls' room."

Teal'c smirked and Cameron laughed as Vala went behind a large tree, just wide enough to hide behind. She blushed, knowing that the team knew that she was nearly bursting. She set her p90 on the ground and unfastened her belt.

Yes, finally! Vala thought as she pulled down her pants and slid down her panties. She squatted down and closed her eyes. She was about to relax and let her pee drizzle on the ground, when she heard a loud rustling sound, just a few feet in front of her. She looked up and saw a man with short, white hair, wearing a gray tunic and pants, watching her from a bush, just ten feet away.

"What the hell is wrong with you?!" Vala cried, quickly covering her exposed crotch and standing up. In her surprise, she lost a small squirt of pee into her panties.

From around the tree, Daniel and Cameron rushed to Vala's side and aimed their guns at the man in the bush. Vala folded her arms over her chest, annoyed that she had been interrupted.

"Come on out," Cameron said.

The guy hiding in the bush slowly walked out from the other side, with his hands up in the air. "Do not hurt me! I only want to help."

Vala pointed at the man angrily and narrowed her eyes. "Do you call spying on a woman while she's, um, doing her thing, helping?"

The man's face turned red. "I did not mean to spy, it's just that I thought the preacher and his people were coming back, so I hid. I was just trying to see who you were."

Daniel and Cameron lowered their weapons and the man lowered his hands. Vala started swaying her hips side-to-side, wishing they would just leave her alone. Come on guys, I really need to go!

The man pointed at the Stargate through the trees. "I saw the preacher and his men take three women, from your world, through the ring of the gods. They were taking them as an offering so that the gods would save us from the Lucian Alliance."

"Who are these gods?" Teal'c asked, suddenly stepping out from a cluster of trees, directly to the man's right, startling him.

"All I know is the preacher says that the gods needed to use people from our village as hosts. He's been telling everyone that the Lucian Alliance attacked us because we stopped serving the gods, after their jaffa armies turned against them. He insists that the gods are not dead, just gone away, abandoning us and leaving us at the mercy of the Lucian Alliance."

Teal'c snarled. "This preacher has told you lies. The Goa'uld System Lords are most certainly all dead."

Vala continued squirming where she was standing and crossed her legs, trying to act like she wasn't desperate. In the short amount of time it had taken them to leave the meeting, get to Earth, go back through the Stargate, and find the man hiding in the bush, her bladder had filled up another quarter of the way. If she didn't pee soon, everything in her bladder would gush out of her, on its own. Why did I have to drink so much water?

Deciding that it was time to speak up, Vala balled her hands into fists. "Guys, I know this information is important, but I was in the middle of something."

Teal'c bowed his head and grabbed the man from the bush. "Come." The man cried out as Teal'c pulled him along.

"We'll see you in a few minutes, eh?" Daniel said as he and Cameron turned and walked away, chuckling.

"I told her she shouldn't have been drinking so much from the well," Vala heard Daniel say. Cameron laughed and Vala pulled her pants and panties down. She was about to squat down and finish what she started, but was interrupted again when she heard the sound of a Death Glider approaching overhead.

No, not another interruption! Vala covered herself up as the Death Glider fired down at the path where SG-1 was. She grabbed her gun and hurried out from her hiding spot.

"It's the Lucian Alliance!" the white-haired man said. "We must gather the villagers and get them out of here. They will not be able to handle another raid!"

As Vala hurried back onto the path, Cameron said, "We need to get the villagers out of here. We're going to have to go after SG-Twenty Four later!"

The rest of the team and the man from the bush hurried towards the village. Vala bit her lower lip and squealed before hurrying after them, afraid that she wouldn't be able to relieve herself before her bladder emptied itself on its own.

*012*2013-11-14 18:07

{{:

Wow very good! Im really looking forward to this :)

Question: would you mind if I rip off your idea and start a sg or sga fanfic after you finish?

}}

Nope, I wouldn't mind. Omo.org needs a little more SG Omo fanfiction stories anyway.

{{:

Awesome, and im sorry if I blew part of the surprise/anticipation for everyone by asking about sg1.

}}

I don't think you have ruined anything. The big surprises haven't even come yet and no one knows exactly what situations the characters will find themselves in (except for me, of course).

*014*2013-11-16 02:54

{{:

Greta story, even though I know nothing about Stargate.

I'd love to see a fanfic about some of the female supernatural characters, if you're still considering it.

}}

I'm still planning to do one for the female Supernatural characters, but I'm not sure when.

*015*2013-11-18 18:41

4

A glider overhead fired down into the village, completely destroying a hut and everything inside. Vala was helping a couple of women and a young boy escape from a hut just a couple hundred feet away and the force of the blast nearly sent her falling to the ground.

As the two women and the boy fled towards the trail, Vala felt a little bit of pee squirt into her panties and she pressed her legs together and pressed into her crotch with one hand. No, don't wet yourself Vala!

With most of the villagers already out of the village, she decided to hurry after them and join the rest of SG-1 at the gate, but if she moved from where she was standing, she knew she would wet herself for sure. Her bladder was nearly filled to its limit and it was bulging out underneath her uniform.

Oh, what should I do? If I move, I'm going to soak my clothes and if I don't get relief soon, I could hurt myself.

Up above, a glider swooped down and blasted a hut directly behind the one she was standing in front of. Vala cried out as the force of the blast sent her to the ground and her pee started to gush out of her like water from a firehose, soaking her panties and the crotch of her pants.

"No!" Vala placed both hands between her legs and pressed, all the while clenching her holding muscles, trying to stop the flow. Her efforts to stop peeing proved futile as the wet patch between her legs grew and spread to her hip, where it began to form a puddle in the dirt underneath her.

"No! Stop, please!" She gritted her teeth and closed her eyes tightly as she continued struggling. Soon, the spray slowed to a trickle and stopped. She sighed and rolled onto her stomach. Using her hands, she got up from the ground and hurried for the trail, with her bladder still half full. At least I'm able to hold it now, she thought.

After running through the woods for several minutes, with a death glider firing into the forest beside the trail, Vala finally got to the Stargate, where she found Cameron, Daniel, and Teal'c helping the last few villagers get through.

"Vala, come on!" Daniel cried.

She glanced over her shoulder at the death glider and then looked forward as she ran towards her team.

"Hurry up and go through after the villagers," Cameron said, letting Vala go through first. After that, Cameron, Daniel, and Teal'c followed her through.

When Vala emerged on the other side, she found herself in a strange temple she had never seen before. There were several men and women standing around the Stargate, aiming Zats and staff weapons at her.

Vala bit her lower lip and dropped her p90, not wanting to be shot. As the rest of the team followed her through and the Stargate shut off, a man with a big beard, who was wearing animal skins, walked into the room from a side hall, with the white-haired man Vala found hiding in the bush, by his side. Both of them had grins on their faces.

Vala scowled at the white-haired man. "I thought you said this place was safe!"

The white-haired man laughed. "Indeed, it is a safe place for the villagers! However, we were never in any danger. Our attackers meant us no harm, for they were Goa'uld infiltrators in the ranks of the Lucian Alliance. By the way, your womanhood is very beautiful. I greatly enjoyed the view from inside of the bush!"

"Well guys, we should probably put our weapons down," Daniel said.

"No, Daniel Jackson!" Teal'c cried. He aimed his staff weapon at one of the guards and fired. The man he shot was hit in the chest and fell backwards.

"Teal'c, no!" Cameron cried as Teal'c was shot by Zat fire and fell to his knees, with his face contorted from pain. He and his staff weapon slid down the steps of the gate ramp, towards the stone floor below.

"What do you want with us?" Vala demanded.

The man with the beard pointed at Vala. "We need you as slaves. SG-One, prepare to meet your queen!"

From the doorway the man with the beard and the white-haired man appeared came Dr. Michelle Green, from SG-24. She smiled up at SG-1 and her eyes glowed. She lifted up her hand and in a deep voice bellowed, "Bow before your goddess and turn Vala Mal Doran over to me!"

Vala bit her lower lip and looked at the scientist nervously, who was now wearing a white gown with a revealing low-cut top that showed off her adorable little breasts. The Goa'uld inside of Dr. Green in turn looked up at Vala. "You will be one of my personal servants. Bow before your goddess, Vala Mal Doran. My name is Omorashi!"

Cameron scowled at Omorashi. "That's not going to happen!" He aimed his p90 at one of the guards, but was shot with a Zat and joined Teal'c's side on the floor.

Daniel threw down his gun and put his hands up. "Wait, can't we just discuss this? Why do you guys need Vala?"

Omorashi walked up towards the Stargate and pushed her way through the guards. She walked up the steps and stood in front of Vala, with a grin. "So, how is your bladder doing now, Vala Mal Doran?"

Vala snarled at the Goa'uld but said nothing as she felt Dr. Green's hand grab her wet hip, feeling her pee-soaked clothes. "Your uniform is so dark, the wetness barely shows, but you have wet yourself. This fact pleases my host greatly."

Vala's face turned bright red. "No, I didn't wet myself. Stop lying, you parasite."

Omorashi put both of her host's hands on Vala's cheeks and pulled her face up close. "It is nothing to be ashamed of. Here, wetting yourself will be a praise-worthy thing."

Daniel moved in between Omorashi and Vala. "Alright, stop this. I know what your name means. Please, leave Vala alone."

Vala pushed Daniel out of the way, still looking very angry. "I can defend myself, Daniel. Please, leave me alone and don't use me for whatever it is you want."

Omorashi frowned. "Very well then, I may need to use force. Guards, put this lovely girl to sleep."

Vala's angry expression disappeared and was replaced by a terrified one. "No, please, no shooting. I'll go with you willingly. I still need to finish relieving myself and if I am shot with one of those Zats, I'm going to wet myself even more. Please don't make me do that."

Omorashi laughed and held a hand up to let the guards know not to shoot. "Very well then. Perhaps in time you will learn to enjoy wetting yourself. Come with me, Vala."

Omorashi took Vala's hand and led her away, through the group of guards and the crowd of villagers, to a doorway at the far end of the building.

"Vala, wait!" Daniel cried. He tried to push past the guards, but he was hit in the head with a staff weapon and knocked unconscious.

Vala followed Omorashi through the doorway, into a narrow hall. Vala looked around at the white stones in the walls and ceiling and all of the Goa'uld symbols that were carved into the stones.

"You will find yourself quite at home here, if you willingly submit to me," Omorashi said. "However, if you resist, I will need to use force."

Omorashi led Vala around a corner, where the hall came to a dead end. There was a ring transporter and a panel on the wall. When Omorashi stepped into the center of the transporter, Vala stopped following, holding the Goa'uld back.

Angrily, Vala's queen looked back at her and her eyes glowed. "Are you resisting, Vala?"

Vala shook her head. "No, I'm not resisting, it's just that I, um, I don't want to be your slave."

Omorashi smiled and tugged Vala so that their bodies were touching each other. "Just wait until you see what happens to slaves who resist. You will not like it."

Vala swallowed nervously as Omorashi used the hand device she was wearing to power up the ring transporter. The rings of the transporter rose up around them and they were surrounded by a white light as they were beamed to another location.

When they reached their destination, Vala and Omorashi were in a small, dark room, lit only by torches on the wall. The walls, floor, and ceiling were made of stone and there was no panel for the ring transporter.

Vala looked around in horror as she saw two of the members of SG-24 chained to the walls, wearing white gowns like Omorashi had on. Lt. Col. Andrews and Lt. Springs were sitting on stone benches, with their wrists chained to the wall above them, spread apart, and their ankles chained to the wall down below, so far apart that they could not close their legs.

Vala's lower jaw dropped as she looked at Lt. Col. Andrews, who was sliding her butt around on the bench and tugging on the short chains that restrained her arms and legs.

"Why won't you let me piss, you stupid, parasite bitch?" the leader of SG-24 demanded. She was gritting her teeth and trying to pull her knees towards each other. "This is just cruel!"

Vala was able to see up underneath the gown, as Lt. Col. Andrews' had been cut short, so it barely hung past her crotch. Her vulva was in full view as she twisted her torso and grunted, trying not to pee without permission, fearing the terrible punishment that was to come.

Omorashi let go of Vala's hand and walked up to the leader of SG-24. She brushed her red hair away from her face and smiled. "You are so desperate, aren't you. I was going to let you relieve yourself when I got back, but if you are going to disrespect me like that, then I won't give you permission. You're just going to have to keep holding even longer."

Lt. Col. Andrews turned her head up towards the ceiling and closed her eyes. "I can't hold it..."

Vala watched as clear pee gushed out of the Colonel's urethra and hit the floor with a loud drizzling sound. The desperate woman kept her eyes closed as she sighed with relief.

Omorashi placed one of her host's hands directly in the path of the stream and the pressure behind it sent droplets flying in multiple directions. "Oh yes, you were indeed desperate. I believe it is time to have you drink more of the special liquid."

Vala looked around the room, trying to find a way out. The small building she was in had no doors or windows. The only way in or out was the ring transporter. She was going to run and try to get help, but there was no way to escape.

Omorashi turned back towards Vala and licked the pee off of her fingers. "Vala Mal Doran, remove your clothing for me. You are going to drink the special liquid as well. If you behave, you will not be chained, but if you do not, well then, you may be here for a while."

Vala looked at Lt. Springs, who was also squirming and tugging on her chains. Her gown was cut short as well. She had a worried expression on her face as her gaze met Vala's eyes. "Vala, please get us out of here! The Goa'uld is trying to brainwash us into loving her so that we will hold and wet ourselves when she wants us to!"

Vala looked away and her eyes met with Dr. Green's, though it wasn't Dr. Green who was looking back. "So Vala, what will it be? Will you be a good girl or will I need to seal you in here?"

Vala felt a sense of dread as she stood there, not saying anything. She was about to become a pee slave to a Goa'uld and it appeared there was nothing she could do about it. If she tried to fight, she would end up hurting Dr. Green and the whole point of the mission was to get SG-24 back to Earth, safe and sound.

Vala finally nodded. "I'll be a good girl."

Omorashi placed one hand on the side of Vala's face and stroked her cheek with one of her thumbs. Omorashi said nothing as a frightening grin appeared on her host's face.

*018*2013-12-03 14:22

5

I really wish I hadn't drank all that coffee when I was with General O'Neill, Sam thought to herself as she waited with SG-3 and Dr. Bill Lee for the Stargate to open up.

Trying to hide her desperation, she kept her legs pressed tightly together and gripped her p90 for dear life.

Bill noticed that she seemed quite nervous. He thought that maybe she was just worried about the missing SG teams. "It will be alright Colonel. We'll bring the missing teams back in no time."

After going offworld to find the abandoned ruins of the village and SG-1 missing as well, they had to return to Earth, have a meeting with the General, and grab some equipment to take back to the planet. In all that time, Sam didn't once stop into a restroom and she really wish she had. The steady flow of liquid through her system was filling her bladder quite rapidly.

Maybe I can go behind a tree when we get there, she thought. It shouldn't be a problem.

When the wormhole opened up, Sam led the way and Bill followed her, carrying a case containing important equipment in each hand. SG-3 followed closed behind and soon they emerged on the other side.

When Sam stepped out on the alien planet, her first plan of action was to hide behind a tree, but she stopped in her tracks when she saw at least twelve Lucian Alliance members aiming assault rifles at her. When Bill stepped out of the Stargate, he froze and dropped the equipment he was carrying.

"Wait, don't shoot!" Bill put his hands up and got down on his knees on the steps leading up to the Stargate.

Colonel Reynolds was the next to step out of the Stargate and he took aim at the enemy as the rest of his team followed him out. One of the Lucian Alliance members guarding the gate shot at him and he took a bullet in his right shoulder.

"Ah!" Reynolds fell backwards and his team dropped their weapons and caught him with their arms as he nearly fell backwards into the Stargate as it was shutting off.

The leader of the Lucian Alliance group stepped forward with a scowl on his face. "You are not welcome here!"

Sam lowered her gun and started tapping one of her feet. "We are here because some of our people went missing."

The leader of the enemy group started to play with his bushy mustache with his fingers. "Ah yes, I am aware. They came here because these poor villagers told your people that our men came here and raped their women. I can't believe you fell for it!"

Sam gritted her teeth as she fought against an intense urge to release all of the liquid that was in her very full bladder. "What do you mean by 'fell for it'?"

The Lucian Alliance leader grinned. "The leaders of this village were Goa'uld and the villagers were their slaves. When our ship got here, we found another ship of ours that had been stolen by Goa'uld infiltrators. They've been implanting people with symbiotes over the past year."

Sam gasped and squeezed her legs together even tighter. "Listen, we can work together to stop these Goa'uld, but right now-"

The leader smiled and held up a hand to cut her off. "Right now, I am about to become the new leader of the entire Lucian Alliance. I am going to hold you as prisoners."

Sam gasped again and crossed her legs on the spot as a little bit of pee leaked into her panties. "No, wait, there must be something else we can do..."

Behind the Stargate, Lucian Alliance members that were hiding behind trees shot SG-3 with their Zats, knocking them unconscious. Sam kept her legs crossed and put one hand between them, no longer able to hide her desperation.

Bill Lee covered his head with his hands. "Don't shoot!"

Sam looked down at him and back at the Lucian Alliance leader. He and his men chuckled as they saw that Sam was on the verge of wetting herself like a little child.

"I thought she was supposed to be a member of SG-1!" the leader cried. "Here she is, about to wet herself right in front of us! This is just too good!"

Sam snarled at the man. "If you would just get out of my way and let me get behind a tree, then-"

Interrupting her, the leader laughed. "But you being in this predicament is far too entertaining. Men, take the Colonel and the scientist to the ring transporter at the South end of the destroyed village. As for the rest of these people, I'll deal with them."

Two of the guards quickly grabbed Sam and two more grabbed Bill.

"Don't worry Colonel, everything will be alright," Bill said reassuringly.

Sam ignored him as her hands were pulled away from her crotch and pinned against her back. As she was taken down the trail, towards the village, she was forced to rely on only her holding muscles to keep her urine inside of her body.

*020*2013-12-30 03:07

{{:

I am really enjoying this story and hope that it has not ended, I realize it is Christmas and real life stuff is more important but would love to know if there is more coming and if there isn't whether you would mind someone else having a go at it? Despmely seems interested in stargate fanfics and I woulndn't mind having a go although I have never written anything before. feel free to say no since this is your "love child" and I wouldn't want to take it away from you especially after the great start and if there is more to come. plus I could start one from scratch as there is never enough fanfictions out there.

}}

I really haven't had much interest in writing omorashi fiction lately and I haven't really been into reading any either. It's been a while since I was on this site, but even longer since I posted a chapter for this. There is definitely more coming and I'm working on another chapter right now. I wouldn't mind if other people added onto this. Maybe it could be an open source story with multiple authors. It does sound like a good idea.

*021*2013-12-30 04:27

6

Trapped within the holding cell aboard the Ha'tak where Sam and Bill had been taken, Sam stood in the corner, bent at the waist, with her legs crossed and both of her hands pressed against her crotch. With a grimace, she fought to hold back the flood as gasps and grunts escaped past her lips.

Bill had his back turned towards her and his arms folded, not sure what to say or do. The sympathy that he felt for Sam could be seen on his face as he listened to the sounds of her struggle.

Sam looked down at the floor and for a moment, thought about pulling down her pants and panties and squatting down in the corner. It would feel so good to just let it all out!

"Doctor Lee..."

Eager to help, Bill quickly turned and faced her. "What can I do to help?"

Sam closed her eyes tight and bent over as she fought an intense wave of desperation. "Bill, I can't hold it anymore, I have to let it out here in the corner!"

"What do you need me to do?"

Sam stood up straight and started dancing on the spot. "I need you to loosen my belt and then I need you to help me get my pants down."

Bill's lower jaw dropped. "You need me to what?"

"Bill, please hurry!" Sam begged as she felt a hot jet of pee squirt into her panties.

Nodding, Bill hurried towards her and reached for the belt buckle at the front of her waist. He fumbled with the buckle as he tried to help the very squirmy Colonel while she did a pee dance in front of him.

"Please hurry!" Sam begged again.

Bill furrowed his brow and his face turned red. "I'm trying, but you're moving around too much."

When at last he was able to unbuckle the belt, Sam lost control again and she tipped her head up towards the ceiling above as she struggled to stop the flow. The steady trickle of urine soaked through her panties and started to make its way down her right leg as Bill quickly unbuttoned and unzipped her pants.

"I got it!" Bill yanked Sam's pants down, giving himself a full view of the pee trickling down her legs.

With a loud gasp, Sam squatted down and completely let go. Bill backed away and watched as her clear pee gushed through her panties, all over the floor of their holding cell. Sam hung her head and blushed as he watched her pee, with his eyes opened wide in shock.

The relief was amazing, but she was mortified. She just couldn't believe it. Here she was, a fully grown woman, wetting her panties in front of Bill like a small child. A terrible ache made its way into her throat and she felt her eyes well up with tears. When the flow of liquid from her body stopped, she began sobbing quietly.

Bill watched as Sam stood and pulled her pants up with tears flowing down her cheeks. Frowning, he put his hands on her shoulders as she zipped and buttoned her pants. "It's going to be okay Colonel. Don't you worry, okay. We're going to be rescued. In a year or so, we'll remember this and we'll both laugh about it."

Using her hands to wipe the tears off of her face, Sam cleared her throat. "No..."

I feel so ridiculous, crying like a baby, Sam thought. I can't believe I wet my panties! Today couldn't possibly be any worse!

Then, as if he had read her mind, Bill smiled at her and made one final comment as an attempt to make her feel better. "Look on the bright side. At least Doctor McKay isn't here with us."

Sam smiled and hugged Bill, who hugged her back. "Thank you for helping me..."

Bill patted her back with one hand and smiled. "There is no need to thank me. I'm happy that I could help you feel better."

Behind Bill, the leader of the group that captured Bill and Sam appeared in the doorway and he opened the door with a panel on the wall. Sam opened her eyes wide, released Bill from her embrace, and pointed at her captor angrily. "What do you want?!"

With a smirk, the ship's captain put the palms of his hands together. "I came to make you two an offer. I will let you both go, if you help me capture the Goa'uld spies among the ranks of the Lucian Alliance."

No longer feeling embarrassment, but instead, hot rage, Sam snarled at him. "Why should I help you?!"

Crossing his arms, her captor shifted his gaze towards the pee puddle in the corner. "It's quite simple, really. The Goa'uld spies have captured your people. You want to save them and I want to destroy every last one of those parasites. If you help me, I'll help you. Of course, if you don't help me, you two will both die and your people will remain slaves to the Goa'uld for the rest of their lives. It's all up to you."

Sam's expression softened and she looked at Bill. He looked back at her and their eyes met for a second, before they looked back at the soon-to-be new leader of the Lucian Alliance. Realizing that they had no choice other than to work with this sick man, Sam nodded. "Alright, we'll help you."

"Excellent!" The Lucian Alliance member crossed his arms and a wicked grin appeared on his face.

*023*2013-12-30 21:08

{{:

I am sorry if you felt I was rushing you, It was not my intention. I loved the new chapter and I am glad to hear there may be more coming.

}}

No, I didn't feel like you were rushing me. I was planning on posting the chapter before I read your post anyway so I would have posted it when I did whether you said anything or not.

*024*2014-01-20 01:26

7

In the throne room of the main temple, Omorashi sat on her large, golden throne, with young jaffa women down on the floor in front of her, on their knees, with a soft, red rug underneath them and their hands pressed into against their crotches as they tried not to pee without permission. They were all wearing the same white gowns that Vala had seen Lt. Springs and Lt. Col. Andrews wearing in their tiny prison.

Standing behind the kneeling jaffa, Vala looked down at her own white gown, which was so short that it barely covered her crotch. Underneath it, she was wearing nothing and she felt a little uncomfortable being so exposed. Her bladder had also filled quite a bit since arriving on the planet, so she was squirming where she stood.

With a smile on her face, Omorashi pointed at her. "Vala, why don't you get down on your knees like these lovely jaffa here."

At first, Vala hesitated, but she eventually nodded and got down on her knees on the soft, red rug. She bowed her head and looked down at her thighs, wondering what it would be like to be brainwashed into finding joy in wetting herself. Having only drank the "special liquid" once, nothing had really changed, other than how quickly her body processed the water she consumed. When she drank it, Vala had been required to drink 100 mL of the strange-tasting liquid from the holy basin, followed by three times that much in normal water.

Omorashi lifted her hands up into the air and tipped her head back. "Jaffa, stand for me and dance!"

Together, the jaffa women stood up and started pee dancing for their goddess, while Vala remained on the floor, not sure if she wanted to obey or not. If I don't do as she says, she'll put me in the dungeon! Vala, you need to obey!

Omorashi peered between two of the jaffa at Vala and narrowed her eyes at her. Vala smiled back and quickly stood up, joining the jaffa women in their pee dancing.

"Ah, beautiful!" the happy Goa'uld cried. "Dance! Dance! Dance!"

Vala pressed both of her hands against her wet crotch and wiggled her butt around. She bent forward at the waist and the low-cut top of her gown showed off her breasts, much to the satisfaction of the Goa'uld on the throne. With a twinkle in her eye, Omorashi watched the dancers and laughed like the sadistic goddess she was.

Vala turned around so that her back was facing Omorashi as she rode a wave of desperation. She groaned loudly and bounced her body up and down as she fought to contain the growing sea within.

Omorashi turned her attention to Vala, who was still facing away while fighting to avoid spraying her legs with her own pee, when she thought of an idea. "Slaves, all of you, turn away from me like Vala Mal Doran! Then, get down on your hands and knees and spread your legs as wide as your bodies will allow! You will not use your hands to hold and you will hold your water until I give you permission to let it out!"

Vala suddenly froze in place and her eyes opened wide in horror. If I do that, there's no way I'll be able to hold it!

The jaffa women behind Vala turned around and they did as they were told obediently. One of them grumbled angrily to herself and Vala heard the jaffa mention her name. Not wanting to get in trouble, she got down on her hands and knees and spread her knees a foot apart on the rug. I hope none of these jaffa blame me for what Omorashi is telling us to do!

As soon as Vala's legs were parted, her desperation went from uncomfortable to severe. She closed her eyes and grit her teeth as she clenched every muscle in and around her nether region, afraid of what might happen if she lost control on the floor without permission.

Omorashi clapped her hands together once and laughed. "This is delightful!"

From where she sat on her throne, she could see every single one of her slave's wet pussies, all of them completely exposed. If any of them leaked, even the tiniest amount, she would see it.

As Omorashi rubbed her hands together, she sucked in air through her teeth. "Now, if any of you relieve yourselves without permission, even the tiniest amount, I will punish you."

Omorashi held up her hand upon which she wore her kara kesh, and inspected the red gem at the center with her eyes. "None of you will disappoint me, correct?"

All of the jaffa behind Vala replied, "Yes, Queen Omorashi."

Vala remained silent, unable to speak, as she clenched her muscles and wiggled her butt. Her sphincter was on the brink of failure and she feared that her stream might spray the fellow slaves that were directly behind her. If I lose control first, the others would lose control too and all of them would be punished because of me! Oh Vala, you've got to hold it in!

Luckily for Vala, she was not in the worst state, because one of the jaffa behind her, to the right, lost control. A spurt of pee flew out of her urethra and struck the face of the jaffa behind her, who in turn lost a squirt as well.

With a devious grin on her face, Omorashi stood up and looked at the two jaffa that had peed. "You've let out small squirts without my permission! You will both be punished!"

Of the two, the first to lose control lost another squirt, this one longer than the first. The jaffa behind her coughed and sputtered as the jet of pee went into her mouth and, like before, her sphincter opened up and a long, powerful stream of urine gushed out of her body and drizzled on the floor.

Oh no! Upon hearing the sound, Vala's sphincter opened and she tensed every muscle in her body with a groan. She felt a tiny bit of pee flow through her urethra and dribble down, over her womanhood, before dripping to the floor. Luckily for her, she was very horny and wet from arousal, so she hoped it would be difficult for Omorashi to know for certain whether or not it was pee or love juice that had dripped to the floor.

As the helpless jaffa that had lost control continued to pee on the floor, unable to stop the flow, she looked back at Omorashi with a frown on her face. "My queen, I'm sorry, but I couldn't hold it."

Omorashi nodded, still grinning deviously. "I know, my dear jaffa. That was the whole point behind this exercise. One by one, all of you will lose control without my permission and then I will have to punish you."

Vala opened her eyes wide in terror upon hearing what the sadistic Goa'uld had to say. I don't like the sound of that! Why is she doing this?

Omorashi pointed at the first jaffa to have lost control. "Now, here is what I want you to do. Go to my closet and pick out a wooden cane. With it, I will cane you."

The jaffa stood up and walked away from the group, dripping from her lady parts as she walked towards the wooden closet in the corner. Vala turned her head and watched as she opened the doors and pulled out an inch-thick cane.

"Return!" Omorashi commanded.

The jaffa did as she was told and went back to the place where she had shot the jaffa behind her with her pee stream. She turned towards her goddess and looked up at her, waiting for new instructions.

Just then, another jaffa, near the back, left side of the group, lost two short spurts onto the floor before all of her bladder's contents gushed out on the floor in a stream that flowed for nearly half a minute.

Omorashi rubbed her hands together again and smiled at the jaffa with the cane in her hands. "I feel like playing a game. When all but one of you has urinated without permission, the last one will receive my permission and go without punishment. The rest of you will receive a caning with Rayna's cane of choice."

With her body shaking, Vala knew she didn't want to recieve a caning. Keeping her whole body tense, she continued holding, determined not to pee until the others had gone before her.

