Wrong stop

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2024-03-12 01:43

It was scorching outside, almost too hot to even walk in without feeling sweat covering your entire body. This didn't stop Melody from going shopping with her best friends. After 2 bottles of water and a bubble tea, she felt a little pressure on her bladder but guessed she could hold it until she got home. Although, every step to the bus stop felt like a challenge, the piss in her bladder sloshing around. The poor woman would stop on the spot to cross her legs when no one was looking.

Melody ran up to the bus stop, waving for the bus as it slowed infront of her. She scanned her card and hastily walked to the back seats so none of the three people on board could see her squirm away. She put her bags down and shoved both hands into her crotch, rubbing her thighs together and whining quietly under her breath. Every bump sent a shiver up her spine, doubling over when it called for it.

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck." Melody muttered, as she felt a singular leak jet out of her. She spread her legs and looking at her panties to see a golf ball sized leak on them. Her index and middle finger squeezed her pussy lips together, her bum bouncing on the seat as she sweat from the movement and desperation. The intensity of the pressure couldn't be any higher, her concentration on her bladder was at an all time high.

So much that she missed her stop. And the next one was 15 minutes walk from her house.

"Oh fuck, UHHHH STOP THE BUS! P-ple- ooooo" Melody pressed the buzzer, doubling over from the immediate standing up. The man sat beside where she was standing could only look at her ass in her skirt, smirking to himself. Eventually, Melody regained some control and ran off the bus, thanking the driver timidly. As the bus drove away, she found herself in a predicament that wasn't worth fixing, her bladder being the reason for this. Her hands slid into her crotch, grabbing at her pulsating pussy that begged for release.

As she walked to find a secluded area, everything reminded her of her situation. Sprinklers in a garden. A man watering his flowers. A koi pond. A fountain statue. Nothing was going to give her a break, especially considering her constant leaking bladder that left small puddles on the path as she speedily walked down an alleyway with her hands still holding herself. Melody pulled up her skirt and scrambled for her panties, pulling them to the side as her stream started. Her head swung back in pleasure, her eyes wired shut with a smile spread across her face. Pleasure and embarrassment loomed over her at the same time as her bladder releases its contents with an echo.

"OI! WHAT YOU DOING?" Melody jumped and pulled her skirt back down, her head hung in shame as the man infront of her looked in disgust.

"I'm so sorry, sir, I really needed to pee!" She held back the remainder of her flood as she was forced to stop it mid stream.

"Well you know public urination is a crime, right? I could report you!"

"I-I'm so sorry sir, I just need to pee!"

"No you're not peeing, I'm staying right here and calling the police, that's disgusting! There's kids around here!"

"N-no sir please leave, I'm gonna wee myself..." Melody held herself with no shame infront of the man as he dialed 999 on his phone, having no remorse for the mess that laid infront of him. She squirmed on the spot, battering her eyelashes as she stared at the man with puppy dog eyes.

"Hello? Yes, I have a lady infront of me and she's urinating in public whilst children are near by!" The man stated, his eyes locked on Melody as she marched on the spot with both hands grabbing her leaking pussy. It started to hurt as she tried to not piss herself infront of the perverted asshole. As she tried to walk past him, he held her wrist, catching her off guard.

"P-please let me go! I'm gonna wee myself!" Melody muttered, her head hung down as she swung her hips in a circled, doubling over.

"You should've thought about that before you started to urinate in public! I happen to have children near by at home, you know?! You disgusting slut!"

"Ohhhhhhhh....siiiiirrrr..." Before Melody could let another word slip, her piss let loose, pitter pattering on the floor. The man let go of her wrist, backing away in disgust as he watched this young girl wet herself infront of him. Melody didn't care, though. The relief felt too good.

"How disgusting! You should be ashamed!" The man said, walking away in anger.

Safe to say Melody had a walk of shame home, just not one she would ever have imagined.

