Alex's Desperation

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-07-15 15:29

This is based off a sitcom about a family of wizards and their daughter, Alex, casts a bunch of spells that can get her, her brothers and her friend into a bunch of trouble. Anyway, here it is.

Alex woke up after a long night with hardly any sleep. Thanks to her younger brother, Max, she and Justin had to counteract a spell that caused everyone at school to vanish. She got dressed for the day in a brown tee with a gray sweater vest over it. She also put on a brown pleated skirt, white knee socks and long black boots.

She brushed her dark brown hair and walked down the stairs to her family's sub shop which also held their Wizard Lair. She took her spot at a table, put her feet up on it and started reading one of her magazines. "Someone's up early." Justin smirked. Justin was her oldest and smartest brother who always liked to look down at Alex.

"Yeah, because thanks to Max I hardly got any sleep last night. Why didn't I think of that spell? It'd be helpful at school."

"Well now thanks to Max, we aren't allowed to use magic for a month except when we are doing our wizard lessons."

"But I was going to use one to sneak into a party this weekend! Why don't they take away only Max's magic? After all he was the one who goofed up!"

"I have a feeling that they know you'll goof up even more badly with your magic." Alex put her feet on the table again when Harper showed up.

She was wearing her frog dress again and was smiling as if she had good news. "Hey Alex! Great news! We can go to Coney Island together this weekend!"

"I thought I was banned from there."

"You don't have to go if you don't want to."

"I want to."

"Then we'll go! Yay! I finally get to go to Coney Island with my friend!"

"Ohhh, I forgot. Mom and Dad banned me from using magic for a month because of that spell Max cast."

"Then we'll just get my mom to drive us there or something." Alex flipped another page in her magazine and made extra sure Justin had left, then took her wand out.

"I thought you couldn't use magic."

"You don't actually think I'd listen to that, do you?" Alex had no idea Justin had pulled a prank on her by messing with her wand. "Take me there, take me here, take me where? Coney Island." Alex waved her wand but nothing happened. "Why didn't the spell work? It should've." She also noticed some pain in her bladder but ignored it.

"Did you say the spell right Alex?"

"Yes, I did. I made the spell up! Maybe my wand is broken or something." Justin was watching Alex struggle with her wand smiling to himself. Casting that bladder spell on her was pure genius! Both Alex and Harper would endure desperation until they wet themselves or reversed the spell, and Justin knew that would never happen. He went upstairs to his room to write down his new spell.

"Have you figured out why your spell hasn't worked yet Alex?" Alex was reading book after book of spells but she still couldn't find anything. Her need had gotten worse, so every time Harper wasn't looking, Alex crossed her legs. She shut another heavy book.

"Nothing in this one either! It's probably another broken wand! Dad will have to pay to send it in to get repaired and he'll get really mad at me!" Alex sighed, wondering how she'd explain this to him.

"Well can we worry about your dad later? Look, I really have to use the bathroom."

"Well, okay. You know where the bathroom is." Alex didn't mention her own need purely because she knew she could wait longer to use the bathroom.

"Alright, I'll be back in a minute then."

While Harper was gone, Alex kept pacing the floor, trying to get her wand to work while also trying to hold her pee. She tried sitting on one of the couches in the lair, balancing a spell book on her lap to ease pressure, but she still couldn't stop squirming. Harper finally came back after a while.

"All of the bathrooms are locked for some reason and the upstairs one had a note taped on it in Justin's handwriting." Alex's eyes lit up when she realized exactly what was going on.

"Let me see that note for a second!" She started reading it:

Hey sis! I hope you enjoyed my 'little prank'! I spelled your wand and cursed you and Harper! Now there's nothing you can do now....minus wetting yourself! Haha!

Alex crumbled the note up and crossed her legs again. "That jerk! When I find him, I'm going to-"

"Okay, we can talk about you murdering Justin later. Right now we need to figure out how we are going to prevent us from wetting our outfits! This outfit shrinks when it's wet!"

Alex knew she wouldn't last much longer, so she jammed her wand up there to try and plug the unavoidable flood longer. "Why did you just do that Alex?"

"Because I know that I'm going to wet myself soon and I'm running out of options! What am I going to do?" She removed her wand and started holding her crotch with both hands and jumping around.

"This is all because of Justin and his stupid curse! Why does he find it funny to torment me?"

"Alex, aren't you a wizard? You could probably do something to prevent yourself from wetting." Alex's eyes lit up again.

"That's it! I could do a spell!" She slowly removed one of her hands and felt a little bit come out. "No! I can't be wetting myself now! I have to get rid of all of this extra fluid!" A small stream started so Alex jammed both of her hands there again to stop it. A small wet spot was already appearing on her skirt.

"Alex, I just know there's no way you can stop wetting yourself."

"Yes I can! Just, just grab my wand for me off the table! I can make it so we won't have to!"

"I can't move though. If I did, I'd surely wet myself." She showed Alex her crossed legs and how she was clearly holding herself down there.

"Ohhh, fine! I'll do it! But it better be worth it!" She grabbed her wand and felt herself loose all control. A stream started streaming out from under her skirt, making her blush.

"Liquid, liquid inside me and my friend, take it out, take it out, don't make me shout!" She waved her wand and a long stream of pee became attached to her wand, and it was coming from under her skirt. She grinned at Harper.

"Ummm, okay. Did you just use a spell to take all of the pee out of you? Because if you did, that's really gross." Alex smiled and shook her wand. The stream vanished quickly and so did Harper's need.

Justin walked in right then, eying Alex's skirt. "It looks like my prank worked after all!"

"Actually, it didn't Justin! I used a spell and removed all of the pee from my body. So therefore, I am still smarter then you! Haha!" Alex laughed.

"What about Harper?"

"Did the spell on her too. So, do you want to curse us some more, or do you want to lend me 20 bucks so Harper and I can go shopping?" She snuck it from his wallet while he stood there speechless.

"Come on Harper, there's a pair of shoes I've been eying at Shoe Stop. Let's get going!" Harper jumped up from the couch, waved at Justin, then followed Alex.

Justin wrote in his notes that night to try a stronger curse on Alex. Hopefully permanent. He grinned to himself as he imagined his sister Alex's face when he got her tomorrow.....

*002*2011-07-15 17:03

{{: 

I know that sitcom. It comes on in Japan sometimes too!

It was interesting, but somehow, it feels like there are too many missing details especially if someone hasn't seen the show before. The solution was also too easy in some ways, but the idea has great merit. I would like to see how Justin gets her the next day...

Nice idea though: Why didn't I think of a Waverly Place fanfic? It is a perfect setting for lots of humorous situations!

}}

I'll admit to rushing a bit with this one, but it's just that I haven't done a story in so long...I'm going to do another one like this soon and make it better then this one, I was just a bit nervous when I posted this. Thanks for commenting though! ^^

