Almost Made It

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2010-07-02 03:40

OK, since my first story was mostly successful, I figured I would post this one, its not as long or detailed as my last one, but its not too bad. And, of course, in this one, the girl is more age-appropriate.

This picture ** is my base picture here. (Sorry to any new people who won't be able to see it)

Also, I had no idea if that character was an original or not, so I made up the name and everything...sorry if this is incorrect.

Julia is an average 16-year-old girl with a somewhat below average-sized bladder. She also has one older brother, who can really bother her at times, but usually doesn't give her much real trouble.

Halfway through the day, Julia was sitting in class, bored and barely paying attention, when a sudden sensation hit her, she had to pee really badly! She crossed her legs as she looked at the clock, still half and hour before the end of class, but this teacher never let anyone use the bathroom during class.

She just kept her legs crossed and tried to distract herself while the rest of the class passed by.

Finally, the bell rang and Julia was feeling the pain from her bladder, she hadn't gone since before school.

She ran to her locker and put her books away, then ran to the bathroom, trying to hold it in.

However, when she got there, she saw a horrible sight, the stalls were full and there was a long line in front of her, two of the five stalls were broken. Julia did not have much time before her next class, but she needed to go, so she was going to wait.

It grew even harder for Julia to hold it in as she noticed a bad noise, dripping water!

Apparently, one of the sinks was busted and just kept dripping. It was even worse as she listened to the sound of splashing water from the girls in the stalls ahead of her. Then, she was also forced to see the running water from the sinks as the girls washed their hands. Julia bent over and pressed her legs together to try and keep it in.

It was just about to Julia's turn when she heard a terrible sound, the bell rang for then next class. She ran to her locker and grabbed her books then ran into the classroom.

As the teacher lectured her for being late, she asked if she could go to the bathroom, but was refused, being told she should have gone between classes. The teacher would not listen as Julia tried to explain the situation.

Julia was forced to sit through class with her legs pressed tightly together as she tried to hold it in through notes. To make matters worse, Julia was sitting next to a boy who was sloshing around a bottle of water, really wrenching at Julia's filled bladder.

After notes, Julia walked up to the teacher to ask to go to the bathroom, but she was refused, the teacher saying something about it being punishment for her being late for class. Julia was forced to return to her desk, sitting with her legs crossed and one hand pressing into her lap, trying to suppress the urge to go. She could barely even focus on her school work anymore.

The bell rang just about the time that Julia thought she could not hold it any longer, she again ran to her locker and dropped off her books, then ran desperately to the bathroom. She then stopped, feeling as if she was about to wet herself as she looked on. The door was closed, it was locked for maintenance, apparently they were trying to fix the broken toilets.

Julia bent over and pressed both of her hands between her legs, she wouldn't make it to the other bathroom before class started, but she didn't think she could make it through the last class and the trip home.

Still, she went to the next class and sat in her seat, her legs crossed and one hand pressing down on her lap, trying to hold it so that she could make it to the end of school and home to use the bathroom.

She tried to distract herself with notes, but the notes where about land features such as rivers and waterfalls, invoking some very annoying images in Julia's mind, wrenching at her now-overfilled bladder.

The teacher also had a small waterfall on one of her shelves, the sound of the water trickling made it even harder for Julia to control her bladder.

By the middle of class, Julia could not focus on her school work, she was rocking back and forth in her seat, her hands pressed tightly in her crotch and her legs pressing together, trying to keep it under control.

The whole class seemed to be looking at her, which made her very embarrassed, but she could not stop rocking around. The teacher took notice of the distraction and turned to Julia, asking "Is there something wrong?"

"Oh, no! Nothing, nothing!" Julia frantically shouted, unable to admit that she needed to use the bathroom in front of the whole class.

Finally, the last bell rang and Julia ran out of the classroom, grabbing her book bag and looking towards the bathroom, still closed. She ran down the stairs and down the hallway to the other bathroom, but there was already a line spilling out all the way into the hallway. Julia didn't have enough time before the bus left.

She ran and caught the bus and sat down, again, rocking back and forth in her seat with her hands pressed between her crossed legs. All that running just made her need to pee even worse. She sat impatiently as she waited for the kids to get onto the bus so they could leave.

The bus ride home was shear torture, every bump made it feel as if she was about to lose control.

When her stop came, Julia quickly got out of her seat and ran, until she was stopped by the line in front of her, it felt like hours before Julia was able to actually get off the bus and to the sidewalk, though it was really about 2 minutes.

She then took off running the two blocks towards her house. It seemed that most of her neighbors saw this as a great time to water their lawns, as she looked over to see running water from hoses and sprinklers along the way.

"I'm not gonna make it, I'm not gonna make it!" Julia shouted to herself as she bent over, placing both hands in between her legs.

Julia looked up, her eyes watering from all the stored up urine, her house was in sight, but she wasn't sure she could hold on long enough. She could swear she actually heard all the pee sloshing around as she ran.

Julia got to the front door and found the door locked, it seemed her brother had gone in the back, she frantically dug in her pocket for her key and unlocked the door.

She then ran inside and started to take off her shoes, one of her mom's annoying rules, she felt as if her bladder would explode as she bent over to remove her shoes. Julia then dropped her book bag, then thrusting her hands between her legs as she ran upstairs to the bathroom. Each step of her way up brought a shot of pain from her bladder.

She made it all the way to the bathroom, only to find the door closed and locked.

Julia desperately knocked on the door, and got a response from her older brother. She yelled at her brother to hurry up. She then leaned against the door, coaching to herself "Hold it, hold it, hold it! Oh, come on, hurry up!"

Finally she heard the toilet flush and stood up straight, turning around to see the door open, only to see her brother washing his hands, all the running water made Julia cringe in pain.

At last, he walked out and Julia frantically ran in, closing and locking the door behind her.

She slowly walked across the room to the toilet, afraid that too sudden of a step would cause her to lose control. She turned around, reaching under her dress to pull down her panties, then, she was stopped by and acute pain from her bladder, followed by and unfamiliar feeling between her legs.

Julia had begun to wet herself!

She tried to stop it by placing her hands between her legs, but there was no stopping it!

She couldn't do anything but stand there and whimper as the pee wore through her underwear and ran down her legs onto the floor. Julia could not believe this, she had made it all this way, just to lose control over the toilet!

She sat down on the toilet for a few minutes before running to her room, trying to avoid her brother, in order to change her clothes.

*002*2010-07-02 06:58

Yeah, it may not have been my best work, but I had trouble coming up with much...

Oddly enough, this is the only story I've written that involves anything centered around school, mostly due to the characters in the pictures.

And thanks, Henjin, I believe I know what you're saying, and yeah, I've always preferred more...poetic is kind of the word I'm looking for here, but not quite, terms when writing than to just say something outright like that.

