The Troublesome Task [Part II]

Author: dodedrea

*000*2013-06-02 23:40

> Story request by Krystal, for all idea credit, hope you enjoy!

> First part is here: The New Move

Part II

And so the gaggle of girls left the poor tortured girl alone with her accident in the now empty lockerroom. The faint smell of her puddle snapped her back into reality, setting a deep churn in her stomach at what had just occurred. A furious flicker of emotion weaseled its way into the sophomore as she clenches her fists about how poorly they treated her, but it’s quickly replaced with regret and remorse. She was 17 years old and had just peed all over herself and the school locker, the filthy thought rolling through her mind. Even worse, at their whim the whole grade or even the whole school would find out. It would be a noriety that no one would ever want.

The sobbing girl recalled the boy who peed himself next to her on a field trip to the museum and how fast the story had spread. He had his hands shamelessly holding himself, squirming about and asking her how long until they were home. Travis had begged the instructor to stop on the bus ride home, but within five miles of returning to school she could hear the audible hissing from her seatmate. Lillie tried to spare him by looking away, to at least spare being entirely humiliated. She considered taking her water bottle and emptying it on him saying she spilled it, but it was too late.

The instructor let out an attentive gasp, causing all of the students to spy on what was happening. Within two days the no-name lone Travis was transformed into Pisspants and mocked almost endlessly. The whole school could point out who he was from then on and he found himself constantly picked on. Her mind then wandered to what they would call her, with Lillie’s face transparently showing how much dread she felt as to what had even yet to come. A few silent tears streaked down her face, she was still a new student here and having this so soon into high school would ruin her.

Lillie paces over to puddle she had made, staring down at it trying to think the situation through. She sees her puffy-eyed and distressed reflection in the clear liquid below her. Grimacing, she picks up her pants and panties and tries to mop up the side of the locker and the puddle, before cringing and throwing them out in the trashcan just outside of the locker room. A few stray beads of urine dropped on the way, but if it made the accident any amount less obvious than it was for the better. The sophomore hurriedly skitters off to the bathroom to wash her hands and clean up, dabbing her inner thighs with damp paper. Lillie hastily packs up her things, making sure to steer clear in case the janitor came by, she felt bad enough, another witness would make it even more horrifying.

She gave a call to her mother, saying she had to finish up for a project and would just head into town from there to meet up with Jena. Her mother cheerfully wishes her a good time, the appreciation of the call obvious in her voice. The shaken sophomore takes the short walk into town, hoping the night would help to distract her.

###

Jena waves her friend down, now adorning a plaid green shirt instead of her restricting school uniform, already with a table and chocolate milkshake in front of her. “Hey! Sorry, I think chocolate milkshakes are a weakness of mine and you were a little late.” She gave a warm smile, assuring there were on ill feelings on the late comment.

Lillie timidly waves back and shifts into the adjacent booth to sit across from Jena. The young girl was doing her best to not seem bothered, but simply from a stuttered greeting, Jena gave her strange looks. “H-hey yeah. I just... I just had a project.”

The lie even seemed to sour Lillie’s mouth, it didn’t feel right.

“A... project? This early in the year? Ew, what class is that for?”, Jena very clearly had suspicions, but left them by the wayside for the time being.

“It’s in... in...”, the lie made it so much more difficult. Lillie finally succumbed and folded, letting her have at least part of the story.

Lillie gathers herself before exposing herself, “I a-accidentally embarrassed someone on the soccer team... and they wanted to get me back for it.”

Jena’s left eye twitches at the mere mention of soccer team, “The soccer team? That’s rough, they’re brutal. Are you okay at least?” The hesitation in her voice made it plain she was refraining from asking just what had happened.

“I wasn’t for a few hours, but I’m okay now. They made me pretty upset.” Lillie held her tears welled up in her eyes, managing to hold back the flow.

“Here, want me to make you feel better? I’ve had experience first-hand.” Jena gave a pause and locked her lively yellow eyes with the teary green of Lillie.

“When I was a sophomore I made fun of this one girl behind her back for wearing too much make up and one of her friends told her what I said. I was just sort of gossiping, didn’t mean too much harm by it. Well, turns out she was a starter for the soccer team.”

Jena gave a quick pause while her sophomore friend ordered a vanilla milkshake, furthering her story.

“Huge mistake there, I noticed a few girls give me dirty looks, which I thought was the worst of it. Turns out they had something much more planned for me. We were swimming for gym class and after getting out of the pool, I always liked to shower to get all that chlorine and crap out of my hair. I hopped in the shower stalls they have and closed the door and started rinsing myself off, but when I went for my towel and swimsuit, I watched as it was swiped away before my eyes. I covered myself as best I could and opened the door to catch the culprit and met face to face with like four girls.”

Jena took a quick sip of her milkshake, her face reddening in preperation for the rest of the story.

“I started yelling at them to give it back and called them sick freaks. In hindsight probably wasn’t a good idea. Two of them grabbed my wrists, I tried to fight back, but they had such a good grip. They dragged me to the lockerroom door with me fighting the entire way and tossed me out to the gym. The bitches locked the door behind me, as I stood there naked, freezing, and wet, not sure what to do. I tugged a few times on the door, but with no luck, all I heard was giggling.”

The older girl swirled her spoon around metal cup for the milkshake, now avoiding eye contact. Her yellow eyes seemed grim compared to their usual robust nature.

“Turns out it was worse yet, there was a second gym class that was playing basketball in the main gym. Everyone started laughing or staring, either way I felt too embarrassed to move. I just stood, covering myself as best I could until some boy ran over and gave me his sweatshirt which he had nearby. Funny enough I dated him for a few months, didn’t work out, but strange how the world works, right? Usually when they toy with someone it’s only once then they leave them alone, so I wouldn’t worry too much.”

Jena gave a light-hearted smile accompanied by her now flush cheeks, brushing her dark-hair aside in a short burst of anxiety.

The story eased the tension Lillie felt from her escapade, softening her up to feel more comfortable at the diner. The girls polished off their milkshakes, paid their bill, and walked around the bustling Friday night crowd, getting lost in the nights’ activities. The weekend, as all weekends do, flew by in the blink of an eye with the dreaded Monday rearing its ugly head so soon.

###

The morning’s dreary start was only made worse by the pleasant weather that accompanied it, making it a difficult scenary to leave. Lillie gave her long blonde hair a gentle brush while walking and talking to Jena, easily her closest friend since moving to the new school. Lillie gingerly places the usual orange-red flower on her hairband to compliment her usual look. The loud disruptive school bell chimed in on their conversation about gym class, warning of only ten minutes until the day of classes began. The sophomore scurries off to her locker to get her books for her first class, on the way out wishing a goodbye to Jena until gym class.

The girl knew she could make it to class on time, but the rush rattled her adrenaline slightly. She quickly walks to her locker and puts her combination in, it was a hasty stop, getting her book, and going on her way. Only something was different, there was a small package on the top portion of her locker with a note and her name on it. She gave it a curious glance and picked it up to inspect it, reading:

"Lillie,

We’re so sorry for that little accident a few days ago, so we thought we would help you out. Meet us in the 2nd floor girls bathroom with one on after 1st block or our little secret might become everyone’s little secret.

Tata for now."

Lillie cautiously lifts the lid to the cardboard box to have a box of adult diapers be revealed. She strongly shuts the lid to the box and stuffs it into her backpack in a panic. The sophomore feels her face begin to fluster and heat rise in her cheeks. She shifts uncomfortably back and forth for a moment, thinking about what her actions are, with a soft whimper making its way out of her. The happenings of last Friday came creeping back, the memory still haunting her. With a heavy gulp, she proceeded to her first class of the day contemplating faking sick to the nurse.

*003*2013-06-04 03:27

{{: 

That's so evil, please keep it up!

}}

Might only get mooooore evil.

And by might I mean will.

{{: 

Ooh, this is gonna be sweet!

I still feel bad for Lillie tho. Hopefully she'll be able to exact her revenge eventually.

Keep up the fine work, dodedrea!

}}

I think I have a gooood idea of what's going to happen, no spoilers though : )

