My Life as a Teenage Bed Wetter - Page 3

Author: SashaButters

*050*2015-09-11 20:14

A clock reading 1:00 flashes before me in my mind. Attached to it are wires, lots and lots of wires. Around it is darkness, the bright red light illuminating a small section around it. I can hear someone crying, but it sounds muffled, like something was covering their mouth. Is it a boy or girl I wonder? Where is it coming from? I hear it again; its close, like it was in the room. Is this even a room? It seems so cramped, like a box or something. I strain my eyes to be able to see who it is, but I can’t see anything, it’s too dark. I look at the strange looking clock and the light around it -there! There’s a leg next to it, and there’s the other…but they’re tied up with something. Looks like duct tape. I still can’t see who it is though, or where this is.

Suddenly there is blinding light all around me, I hold my hand over my eyes, trying to block out the sunlight. I’m standing in the middle of the teachers’ parking lot, starring at an old, beat up, white Nissan. I want to open it; I want to open it so bad, but why? I need the key, I wish I had it. I clench my fists and notice something in my right hand. An envelope. Once again addressed to me in the same red ink, the same lettering. I slide my finger under the edge and tear it open.

The Key to Your Friends Life

Rests in Your Hands!

Oh great, another riddle. Wait. Al’s note said something like that. Except, didn’t it say the key rested in her hands? Why is it suddenly in my hands now? I dig in the envelope and pull out a key, but it’s not the same white key. It’s the big yellow one again. What am I supposed to do with this?

What was that? I could’ve sworn I just heard someone moaning. Where is that coming from? I look around everywhere, but there’s no one here. Just me and…the car! It’s coming from the car, I know it is! I hurry forward, but then stop, now what’s that sound? A faint beeping, coming from the car. I walk forward and peek in through the windows. It’s empty, really empty. There’s nothing in it, no trash, no valuables…nothing. That’s kind of weird.

Where is that beeping coming from? I walk around and finally figure out it’s coming from the trunk. Just when I was about to try to lift the trunk door, that’s when I hear it. An extra loud beep, an extremely loud bang and then silence and blackness.

“Go to the bathroom before bed!”

“Katie!” someone hisses at me. I manage to open my eyes and prop myself up on my elbows to see who’s calling me.

“What’s up Al?” I ask groggily.

“I’m going to school.” She says.

“Huh? What time is it? How long was I asleep for?”

“Since like 5 P.M. yesterday. You sure can sleep; it’s already 7:30 in the morning.”

“I’m going with you!” I say, trying to force myself up, but suddenly start feeling weak and dizzy.

“No! The last thing we need is you getting caught! The Pep Rally’s at 2 so come around one-thirty at at my locker. And do try your hardest not to get caught” She says, keeping back a laugh. “Besides, my moms already left for work, you can come down now, and …take a shower. You…uhh…need one.”

“Ugh…” I moan, looking down to what she was laughing about. “I’ll be so happy when THAT’S over with.”

“Well…let’s just get through today.” Al mumbles, turning white at the thought.

“Hey, Al, do you still have that key?”

“Yeah…why?”

“Can I have it? I have a feeling I’ll…need it.”

“Umm okay…it’s in my room, I’ll go get it.” She said, turning around and climbed back down the stairs. I threw off the wet clothes and pulled my jeans back on.

A second later she re-emerged holding the shiny, white, key. “I should probably go now.” She said after a moment of silence. No! I don’t want her to leave! What if this is the last time I ever see her? Al seems to read my mind. “Don’t worry, I’ll be okay.” She says, trying to reassure me, not doing a very good job.

She has to be okay I tell myself. What would I do without her? Who would I hang out with after school? Watch movies with? Have sleep overs with? No one, that’s who. Oh, sure there’s Jaclyn…but she’s not Al.

“Don’t go.” I manage to squeak out, just as she was about to climb back down the steps. She walks back over and tries again to tell me that she will be fine, but I don’t hear her. I pull her into a hug, and she instantly shuts up.

“I really have to go.” She says, stepping back and wiping her eyes on her sleeve a couple minutes later. “Remember. 1:30 at my locker.” She says, giving me one last wave, then descends the stairs and leaves me in the dark by myself. An empty hole gnaws at my stomach; I miss her already. I’ll see her again I tell myself. Nothing is going to happen until after the pep rally, and I’m meeting her before, a half-hour before. We’ll figure something out then.

We always do.

###

Tears start to slide down my face just thinking about it. I need to take my mind off this; I need to go do something. A shower. Maybe that will clear my head.

Nope, not even that helped. Although I do feel much better getting out of that Easy-bake-oven up there. Maybe things will work I say to myself as I lay down on the couch in the living room. I close my eyes for a second, but quickly open them as my pocket begins to make noises. Uh-oh…I forgot to turn my cell phone off. I glance at the number, expecting it to be my mom, but to my relief, it wasn’t. It was Amanda. I quickly make a decision and answer it. (I never thought I’d be using “Quickly” and “Decision” together in the same sentence when referring to myself.)

“Hello.” I say, sounding a bit too nervous for my liking.

“Katie! I’m so glad you picked up. Everyone is wondering what happened to you! Are you okay? Are you hurt? Where are you?” she says too quickly for me to understand.

“Whoa, slow down. What’s going on?”

“You just disappeared yesterday. Katie, is it really true you got expelled?” she asks.

“Yeah.” I say, anger coming out in my voice. “That guy put it in there! Ryan did this! None of that stuff was mine!” (Well okay, most of that stuff wasn’t mine.)

“Where are you?” she asks, making no response about him putting that stuff in my locker. I guess it was obvious.

“I’m hiding.” I say, not about to tell anyone where I was.

“Do you have any new information? Did you have any new nightmares? Anything at all?”

“Yeah. I dreamed about a funny looking clock, and a beat up, white, Nissan that was making funny noises.”

“That’s all?” she says, sort of impatiently. What’s her problem?

“Yeah.” I say, racking my brain for anything else.

“Are you sure that’s it. Nothing else?”

“Oh. And a key. I dreamed about a key.”

“Yes. You already told me about dreaming about a key. A little white one. Where exactly are you hiding?”

“I can’t say. I don’t want to get caught.”

“Are you coming to the school today?”

“Look. I have to go. Watch after Al for me.” I say, not completely wanting to give about my whereabouts or say whether or not I’m going to try to sneak into school to a staff member. What if she tells someone?

“Katie! Don’t hang up! Katie!” she yells. Too late, I hit end and lay back down. Who is Ryan? The only person I can think of is Mr. Stinky. He’s about the same age, looks kind of like him; take off his wig (if he wears one) and the make-up on his arm covering the tattoo. I'm sure it would look just like him. And to top it all off, he is an electrician. It completely links him. I can’t think of anyone else who matches the description more perfectly. Still…it creeps me out…Mr. Stinky being Allison’s dad? It’s enough to give anyone nightmares. He’s not even my dad and he’s giving me nightmares.

I glance over at the clock, which now reads 11:53. I still have an hour and a half to kill. Okay, wrong expression to use at a time like this.

Should I get something to eat I wonder? No, the butterflies in my stomach won’t let me eat anything. Butterflies? No. No. No. These aren’t butterflies fluttering around in there. Maybe giant wasps. What am I doing? I’m pacing. I’m just going to tire myself out before I even get there.

Let me tell you something, that hour and-a-half was the longest hour-and-a-half of my life! Felt like I was in that house for hours trying to think of a plan. And do you know what I figured out? NOTHING! I’m no closer to figuring this out than when I started!

###

Okay, it's 12:55, I can’t stay here anymore! So what if I’m going to be a little early, it’s better than sticking around here. I grab my cell phone and bolt out of the house. I walk slower the closer I get, replaying everything in my mind. What was with Amanda? A little stressed are we? So what if I already told her about the dream with a key in it, it was a completely different dream. I can’t remember who I told what, I don’t even remember telling her about that dream. Maybe I did, I probably just can’t remember. Stress can do that. What else is more stressful than the possibility of losing your best friend in the next couple of hours? Not much.

I manage to sneak in no problem…it was almost…too easy. Oh well, security guards probably on one of his many coffee breaks. After all, sitting around all day doing nothing can be very, very difficult. I make my way through the empty campus, classes must still be still in. I begin to shake. Why am I shaking? I continue to walk farther away from the entrance, becoming increasingly anxious. No! Not now! It can’t happen now! I suck in my breath and run. I run as hard and fast as I can, my nerves increasing with every step. What if I’m too late? What if he’s already gotten to her? I’m at the corner, but I waste no time.

“Don’t hurt her!” I yell as I run around the corner to find myself face to face with…an empty hallway.

Nice job.

“Katie,” I hear someone whisper behind me as a hand reaches out and touches my shoulder. I scream and spin around.

“Calm down, jumpy. It’s just me.” Al says, paler than I’ve ever seen her before. I guess she didn’t have much of a better day than I did.

“Are you okay?” I ask, taking a step back just in case she decides to puke.

“I guess,” she mumbles, sliding her hands down her face.

“Are you going to go through with this?” I ask, already knowing the answer.

“Of course I am.” She says. “I-Is he going to…do it once I finish, or should I finish and then run like hell?”

“No.” I say after a moment of thought. “I don’t think it’s going to be like that. All my dreams took place here. Except last night though, last night was different. It took place in the parking lot and there was this weird clock that said 1:00 on it.”

“But it’s already 1:25 right now.” Al says, after looking down at her watch. “Was it like, one in the morning or something?”

“I don’t think so. It was completely dark though, but it was also cramped and there was someone there. And then a couple minutes later, it was completely bright outside.” I said to myself more so than to Al. “And what’s the deal with the keys?”

“Keys? What do you mean 'keys?' We have just the one.”

“Yeah, but I keep dreaming about a different one, a big yellow one. Not this tiny white one, it doesn’t even look like it goes to a door.”

“Weird,” Al mumbles, biting down on her finger nails. “Ugh, I have to go.” She moans, looking back down at her watch.

“What? Why?”

“I have to go get ready for the presentation, and you have to hide before the bell rings.” She said, turning even paler. “During the rally, look around for anyone suspicious, there might be one or more people involved.”

“Okay.” I croak. ” Will I see you before the rally?”

“I don’t think so.” She whispers. We stay silent for a moment, both of us understanding what this might mean. This could be the last time we see each other. “It won’t be.” She says quietly.

“I hope you're right.” As I was about to hug her good-bye, the worst scenario happened. Marissa.

“Allison! There you are! We’ve been waiting for you.” Marissa shouts out as she comes bounding forward towards us. I quickly stick my head in Al’s locker, pretending to be deeply interested in a five year old piece of gum that has been permanently stuck to the inside.“Come on! You’re ten minutes late!” Marissa whines, paying no attention to my existence.

“Give me a minute; I need to say good-bye to my friend.” Al says, attempting to break free from Malibu Barbie’s death grip. Marissa looks up and notices me standing there, now holding a book in front of my face.

“Who’s your blond friend?” she asks, giving me the quick up and down glance.

“This is…uhh.” Al stammers.

“You’ll see her later.” Marissa says, dragging Allison away by the arm.

“I hope so.” I whisper to myself as I peak over the top of the book and watch as she’s dragged away by Malibu Barbie. Al glances back at me and weakly smiles. I wave back as she turns the corner and vanishes out of sight.

I stand there alone, silently praying I’d see her again. I look up as the bell rings and kids begin to pour out of the classrooms next to me. Uh-oh I better go before someone recognizes me. I hold the book back up to my face and bury myself into it as I try to walk past unnoticed.

It was going pretty good too, until a hand came out of nowhere and grabbed me by the shirt collar while pulling me into a empty classroom.

“What do you think you’re doing? Where have you been? What happened and WHAT IN THE WORLD DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR?!” Jaclyn shouts at me, ripping the book from my hands.

“How did you know it was me?” I ask, disappointed at my failed attempt at remaining unnoticed.

“Don’t think I couldn’t recognize you, and besides, blond suits you better. It’s your true hair color.”

“Huh? What do you mean? I look horrible as a blond!”

“I never said anything about looks.” She mumbled under her breath.

“What are you talking about?” I ask, still confused.

She sighs. “Katie, no matter what your hair color is, you will always be a true blond. You are the only person I know who will walk around pretending to read the dictionary UPSIDE DOWN!” Whoops. That was smooth.

“Are you going to tell me what’s happening or what? People are saying you got expelled because someone caught you snuffing lines of cocaine in the bathroom yesterday.”

“Umm…no. I got expelled because Allison’s dad put cocaine in my locker, and a bunch of other stuff.”

“Do you know who he is yet?”

“I have a good feeling it's Mr. Stinky. Yesterday while I was in the office, the secretary told me Mr. Stinky’s second job. He just happens to be an electrician. And to top it all off, he was at the biology trip with us.” I say bitterness rising in my voice. “Let’s not forget that episode in detention, who knows what I was yelling, that’s what probably tipped him off about me in the first place.”

“So what are we going to do?” she asks.

“We?”

“Duh. You think I’m going to leave you to deal with this by yourself? You’re crazy.”

“But it will be dangerous, and you’d get in trouble if you’re caught with me.”

“So what? You’re not getting rid of me that easily.” It was at that moment a new appreciation of Jaclyn sprung into me. I could definitely use some help figuring this out.

“Fine.” I say, giving in. “Help me secure the perimeter.”

“Huh?”

“During the pep rally, look out for anything suspicious. Especially angry, bald men with guns.”

“That’s it?” she asks sounding a bit disappointed.

“I don’t even know what to do. My guess would be to just try and keep her away from Mr. Stinky.”

“So…we are pretty much Allison’s bodyguards?”

“Guess so.”

“Sweet. So what do I do if I find anything suspicious?”

“Call my cell phone. Or call Amanda’s. She’s the only one with the power to actually do anything about it.” I say, giving her the number. “It’s starting,” I say as the National Anthem begins to play over the loud speaker. We make our way over to the gym as one of the teachers was making their usual speech of how great this school was and don’t use drugs.

“We’ve already had to expel one of our students the other day; it was a very painful decision to make, but it had to be done.” They said. Oh, tell the whole world why don’t you. A few heads turn to whisper to one another. I shake off my anger and manage to get a seat in the bleachers high enough to see the whole crowd. I constantly search as they introduce the schools football team. I’ve never been so happy the school had a football team. And then, the moment came.

“Alright, settle down. We have a special presentation from the Bible club next. They’ve worked very hard on this. Now I believe they’re here to say a few words first.” He said, looking to his side as a very pale Allison stumbled forward.

“H-hi everyone.” She stuttered, then stopped, took a deep breath and then started again. For someone who might possibly die in the next couple of hours, I thought she handled it pretty well. No one would have noticed anything was wrong, nothing more than a mild case of stage fright anyway. “So what we’re trying to do,” Al said wrapping it up. “Is for people to step out and not be afraid to admit their faith. What we’re going to do is a little exercise. Anyone can, if they want to, say it right now. What you’re going to do, is stand up one at a time, say your name, and then say ‘I believe in God.’” She stops for a moment to catch her breath and then continues a little less confidently. “Watch, I’ll start.” Another pause. I’m hanging on to the edge of my seat, my heart feels as if it might come out my mouth, and my hands are soaking wet. This is it, this is the reason I’ve been having nightmares. She’s going to do it!

“My name is Allison Walltz…and I believe in God.”

She did it! She actually did it! Now get off the stage! Al’s eyes wander through the crowd as a few people do it. Her eyes meet mine and I motion with a hand for her to get off the stage. She quickly walks down and out the gym, Mr. Stinky in close pursuit. Oh no you don’t! I quickly stand up and make my way down the sea of kids. Not an easy task.

“Watch it!” one girl yells as I accidentally step on her hand. She looks at me, and then smiles an evil grin. Assyla. “Now what are you doing here?” She mocks. “You know…I could turn you in right now and there isn’t a thing in the world you could do to stop me.” I freeze. She’s right, if she turns me in now, there’s no way I can save Al. She has me in her hands and she knows it. Al’s fate rests in the hands of a girl who thinks Buffalo wings come from actual buffalo.

“Please don’t.” I beg.

“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t.” This can’t be good.

“Because if you turn me in now, Allison will be killed by her psychopath of a father because I won’t be here to save her.” I say, just sticking to the truth, as far out there as it might be.

“Oh teacher,” she says, not loud enough for one to come near, but loud enough to make me nervous. I bite down on my lip and think for a second. I can’t believe I’m doing this, but I’m desperate.

“Because you’ll never find a slave in time to do your History report.” I say, getting more worried the more seconds pass by wasted. She eyes me for a second.

“Go on.”

“Now that I’ve been kicked out of school, I don’t have any more homework. Keep your mouth shut and that Vietnam paper will take care of itself.” She grins at me one more time before she turns back around and I bolt out the door, stepping on a few more hands in the process.

Ahhhhh!!!!!!!! I don’t see them anywhere! How much time did I waste negotiating with Assyla? Wait! I know where they are! No! Please don’t be there! Maybe they just went to his classroom. I try and run as fast as I can over to the History room and stop to catch my breath. Why am I so tired? This is no time to be tired! I yank open the door and march right up to Mr. Stinky’s desk. Forget not being noticed, this is war!

“Can I help y-“he began, and then frowned. “Katie, what are you doing here?” he sighs. I ignore him.

“What did you do to her?!” I scream at him. “Where is she?”

“Where is who?” he asks in the same bored voice as if he was lecturing me on the importance of the Mongolian Empire. “What are you talking about? And why are you here? You know you’re not allowed near campus. I have every reason to pick up this phone and report you.”

“Shut up!” I yell in response, which he quickly does. “You don’t fool me for a second! What did you do with her?”

“What are you talking about? Are you on drugs right now?” he asks, trying to play all innocent.

“You know what I’m talking about! What did you do to Allison?! And don’t even talk to me about drugs, look who’s talking! Mr. coke planter!”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I have a feeling I don’t want to know, if it ends up anything like the last time you were on drugs.”

“I DON’T DO DRUGS!” I yell at him. He ignores me and continues.

“As for your friend, I did nothing to her. She just left a few minutes ago to put something away in her locker; you can go check for yourself. Once you do, get out of here! If I see you again, I will call security! Got it?” I stare at him for a moment. Should I trust him? No. But if I don’t leave he’ll call security.

“Fine.” I say before I bolt out the door. I run as fast as I can over to Al’s locker, but she’s not there. No one is. I begin to panic. Where is she?! What did Mr. Stinky do to her? I’m quickly brought back down to earth as my cell phone rings. This is not the time for my mom to call and scream at me! But it wasn’t my mom. I glance down at the caller I.D, but all it said was restricted number.

“Hello?” I answer.

“I have your friend.” says a cold hard voice on the other end. A voice I immediately recognize as Ryan.

“What have you done with her? Where is she?!” I yell

“She’s fine…for now anyway. It depends really, on you.”

“What do you mean it depends on me?”

“Are you any good at scavenger hunts?” he asks.

“What does that have to do with anything?” I ask angrily.

“Everything, you see. We’re going to play a little game. You win, your friend goes free, you lose, and you both die.”

“You’re crazy!” I yell.

“Is that a no? Because if it is, I can just kill her right now.”

“What do I need to do?”

“You need to find keys. I believe you have the first one.” I stick my hand in my pocket of my jeans as my fingers wrap around a hard metal object.

“Good,” he says after I don’t respond. “She’s in the trunk of my car. Find the right key to unlock it and get her out.” That doesn’t sound so bad. “Oh,” he continues. “Don’t try to pick the lock, it’ll only make the bomb go off sooner.”

“Bomb?” I squeak.

“Yes. There is a bomb in the trunk with her.” He said sounding amused. “Now, you will have three rules. Don’t pick the lock, don’t use the wrong key, and don’t run out of time, or else it’s game over.” He pauses and waits for my reaction, but I don’t say anything. “The first one’s easy. It’s where your records are kept. How you manage to get to them is up to you. I have to go now, remember, have fun!” he said and then added. “Oh, by the way, you only have an hour.”

Click.

*051*2015-09-11 21:00

I stand there motionless for a moment stunned, cell phone still in hand as I try to digest everything. I glance at the clock 2:12, which means the bombs going to blow at 3: 12! I pull out the key from my pocket and re-examine it. What was it that he said? It’s where my records are kept. What did he mean by ‘How I manage to get them is up to me.’?” Then it hits me, he was talking about my school records! Those are…in the principals’ office! The key goes to the filing drawer. But how am I going to be able to get into the principals office? It’s not like I can just go up there and ask him, I’m not even allowed to be here. What I need is-

“Katie! There you are! I’ve been looking everywhere for you!” Jaclyn says as she comes running over to me. A distraction.

“Jaclyn, I’m so glad you’re here! I need your help!" I say as I guide us over to the administrators building and explain to her the situation.

“You want me to do what?” she asks in disbelief.

“I need a distraction, and you said you wanted to help. I just need you to go over and get him out of his office for a few minutes.”

“How do I do that though?”

“I don’t know, tell him you want to show him something.” I say before ducking behind the counter and motioning for her to go for it. I watch as she hesitantly goes over and knocks on the door.

“Come in” says a voice on the other side.

She opens the door and says, “Actually Sir, you need to come with me.”

“Why? Is there a problem?” he asks.

“Yes, there is, but I can't tell you, I’d have to show you.”

“Is this necessary?” he asks.

“Yes, very.”

“Alright, you have five minutes.” He says before getting up and walking out while closing the door behind him. I watch as they walk around the corner and out of sight before springing into action. I quickly slip in, lock the door behind me, and head straight for the filing system. The key unlocks it as I suspected and peer inside.

Where is it?! I don’t see it anywhere! It’s just a bunch of folders. Could it be in one of them? Duh! Of course, mine! I breeze through all the names until I come across mine and yank it up and open. Oh my God..it's huge. Have I really gotten in trouble that many times? There, sitting inside was a white envelope with my name on it. I grab it and stuff the folder back in the drawer as I hear footsteps coming closer and the doorknob jiggles. Ahh! I got to get out of here. I search around for a window to climb out of, but there are no windows.

“I could’ve sworn I left the door unlocked.” I hear from outside. I hear keys jingle and I quickly duck under his desk right as the door opens. He comes in and sits down on his big leather chair and pulls in, his knees barely missing my face.

This isn’t good. If he catches me, I’m dead. If I stay here to long, me and Al are going to be dead. What am I going to do? I’ve already been under here for five minutes! Right as I figure I better turn myself in, I begin to smell it. Smoke! At that moment one of the secretaries burst in.

“Sir! Someone set one of our trashcans in the office on fire!”

“What?” he yells and jumps up and hurries out the door. I hold my breath and wait ten seconds before crawling out. I peek my head around and see Jaclyn motioning for me to get out! Don’t need to tell me twice. I jump up and run out as fast as I can and we both run out of the office until we are at least three buildings away.

“That was close.” She says.

“Yeah! If it wasn’t for that fi-“I was about to say then gasp. “You did it! You started the fire!”

“Yeah, well, I started to freak out when you didn’t come out after he came in. I had to do something.” She says holding a small pack of matches in her hand. “Snatched them off of the secretary’s desk.” She says before I can ask. “What’s in the envelope?” she asked, drawing my attention back to it.

“Oh,” I say as I quickly rip it open.

Feel sick? Say Ahh!

“Huh?” we both ask as we re-read it through a couple times. I look in the envelope and pull out another small white key.

“It goes to a drawer.” I say.

“It’s in Amanda’s office!” Jaclyn shouts.

“How do you know that?” I ask.

“It’s talking about getting your temperature taken. C’mon.” she says as she leads us back into the office as we watch them stomp the trashcan fire out with their feet. We walk past and into Amanda’s office, but she’s not there. I walk over to a drawer and unlock it, but there isn’t a thermometer in there. Just a first aid kit.

“Try another one.”

I stick the key into the next drawer and we both stare at it for a moment. About fifty packs of gum, mints, Listerine pocket packs, and mouth wash.

“Hurry up, open the last one.” She says. I close it and open up the last one. There sitting on top was the thermometer. I pick it up and open it, then look at the pieces.

“Look,” Jaclyn says, pointing to the cover. I look in it and notice an envelope stuffed inside. I pull it out and put everything back as we hurry out before we’re caught.

“Open it.” Jaclyn urges me. I tear it open and read the note inside.

Under the doormat

But which door?

“He’s got to be kidding!” Jaclyn says, reading it. There’s got to be hundreds of doors around here. There isn’t enough time to check them all! How much time do we even have left?” I look down at the clock on my cell phone and moan.

“Seventeen minutes!”

“Argh! I don’t even know what doors have doormats!”

“We can’t give up though! Al needs us! We just need to think!”

“I don’t think thinking is going to help with this one. Unless you can pull something from your nightmares to help us, Al’s as good as dead.”

“Don’t say that!”

“Well it’s true! All we have to go on is we’re looking for a locked door. Is there anything you can think of? Anything at all that didn’t fit in?”

“From what?”

“Your nightmares. You seem to have had a dream for everything that’s going to happen, isn’t there something that didn’t make any sense? Something that you could connect to this clue?”

“I wish.”

“Well,” she sighs. “At least I get to skip bed.”

“Huh?” I ask.

“Normally I’d be in World History right now.”

“Bed?” I mutter to myself. “Maybe you’re right! Maybe there is something from my nightmares that could help us!”

“What? We have about ten minutes left? If you’re getting an idea, you better hurry up and spit it out!” I begin to pace and think.

“The one thing from my nightmares that didn’t make any sense! The bed wetting.”

“How is that going to help us?” she asks in disbelief.

“Every single time I had a nightmare, I heard the words ‘Go to the bathroom before bed!’ right before I woke up.”

“So?”

“Don’t you get it!” I practically scream from excitement. “Go to the bathroom before bed! That’s what we have to do! We have to go to the bathroom before bed!”

“Okay, you’ve officially lost it.” She says.

“No! What does ‘bed’ mean to us?”

“Bed? It means a bed? Oh…You mean World History?” she asks, putting the pieces together.

“Yes! Now say it!”

“We have to…go to the bathroom before World History?” she asks still looking confused, still not getting it. “Oh!!!!!!” she screams jumping up. “We have to go to the broken down bathroom by the World History class!!”

“Exactly!” I scream as I pull out the key from the envelope. We both run as fast as we can until we reach it. I fumble with the key as I try to catch my breath and open it up. It’s completely dark inside, but we walk in anyway, the door snapping closed behind us.

“I can’t see anything!” Jaclyn complains, somewhere in front of me.

“Hold on.” I say as I pull out my cell phone to light the way. We look around for a second.

“It looks finished to me.” Jaclyn says. “There’s just a couple tools on the ground, but that’s it.” I spy the doormat and lift it up, revealing a big yellow key. The same yellow key from my dream.

“We have to go!” I yell as I look at the time. “We have four minutes! I’ve got the car key!”

We turn around to leave, but someone has joined us. Mr. Stinky.

“What did I tell you!” he says, sounding angry.

“How could you do that to her!” I yell.

“What are you talking about?” he asks, sounding annoyed.

“You locked Al in the trunk with a bomb! Don’t think I don’t know you’re an electrician!” I yell at him. He comes closer, reaching out his hand to attack. I step back and my foot hits something. A wrench. I quickly pick it up.

“Don’t come any closer!” I threaten him. He doesn’t listen; he comes closer, and closer. I close my eyes and hit him over the head with the wrench. We watch in horror as he falls to the ground, motionless. We hurry out as Jaclyn looks at me with amazement and horror. “You just killed our History teacher!’ she shouts.

“No I didn’t! I just knocked him out!’ I shout. I hope that’s all I did.

“Katie Devo did it in the laboratory with the wrench!”

“I did not! Now hurry up! We have three minutes!” I say as I begin to run away from the scene of the crime. He tried to kill Al first I remind myself.

“Where are we going?’ shouts from behind me.

“The teachers parking lot!” I shout back. “Two minutes left!” We run in and look around.

“What car is it?” she asks as we look around at all the different ones.

“I don’t know.” I realize in horror. “There!” I say as I recognize the white Nissan from last nights dream. We run over and I put the key in the lock and turn it, holding my breath. If this is the wrong key this thing will blow. Click. I open the trunk and we both gasp. We see the bomb, it reads 0:05, but it stopped. That’s the same weird clock from my dream I realize a moment too late.

“Five seconds to spare.” Jaclyn whispers. “Is Al okay?” I look and find her curled up in a ball, duck tape over her mouth, arms and legs.

“Al?” I cry, shaking her a little. Nothing. “Al!” I shout even louder, tearing the tape off her mouth. Nothing. “She won’t wake up.” I say to Jaclyn, a wave of tears filling my eyes.

“Let’s get her to Amanda.” Jaclyn says sounding panicked as well. “Help me lift her.” We grab each side of her and manage to pick her up and pull her out and somehow carry her all the way over to the office and inside the nurses’ station.

“Katie, what happened?” she asks as we set her down on the bed.

“She won’t wake up.” I cry softly. “Maybe we should get her to the hospital.” I say, looking down at Al’s unconscious body.

“She’ll be okay.” Amanda says, replacing the gum in her mouth with a fresh stick. “She just needs a minute.”

“Are you sure? I don’t know how long she was in the trunk for, she might have heat exhaustion or something.”

“She’ll be fine.” Amanda says.

“Ugh,” Al moans, struggling to open her eyes. Al! She’s Alive!

“Al!” both me and Jaclyn cry, rushing over to her side.

“Huh? What happened? Where am I?” She asks weakly.

“It’s okay now. I got him. You’re safe now; you’re in Amanda’s office.” I say hugging her even though she’s sweatier than me in a dentist’s office.

“Yeah, she hit him over the head with a wrench. He fell down faster than Katie in high heels.” Jaclyn says.

“Hey!”

“Well it’s true. Al? What’s wrong?” We look at her as her eyes widen with fear.

“Yeah, I’d be afraid picturing her in high heels too.” Al tries to jump up, but we quickly pin her back down on the bed.

“Al, what’s wrong?” I ask, fighting to keep her down.

“She must be remembering what happened.” Amanda says. “You think I could ask her a couple question?”

“Yeah sure.” We say.

“Alone.” She throws in after we don’t budge.

“Well, I guess.” I say, oblivious to Al’s sudden jolt. Me and Jaclyn step out as Amanda closes the door after us.

“I hope Al’s okay.” Jaclyn says. I nod my head in agreement, completely lost in thought. I’m so glad this is over! Al’s safe! Mr. Stinky’s out cold in a locked bathroom, and everyone’s alive. Maybe now I’ll even get my name cleared and I’ll be allowed to come back to school. Both mine and Al's mom, will stop thinking I’m a drug addict, and I can go back home! No way I’m spending another day in a attic.

“I wonder what they’re talking about.” Jaclyn says, snapping me out of my thoughts.

“I don’t know, probably about what she remembers.” I say.

“Then why do I hear a guy talking?” she asks.

“What?”

“Listen.” I put my ear to the door, and sure enough, I hear a guy, but not just any guy…Ryan. I quickly try to open the door, but it’s locked.

“Stand back. These are really cheap doors” Jaclyn says as she begins to back up, then runs forward and kicks the door open. My jaw drops, as I see Amanda trying to hold Al down with one hand, and a gun in the other.

“Why do you have so much energy? You’re supposed to be sick! Why hasn’t the mono kicked in yet?” Amanda says…but it’s not Amanda’s voice. It’s Ryans.

“I don’t have mono.” Al says, trying to fight back.

“Didn’t you eat the candy?”

“The candy! You poisoned the candy!” I blurt out.

“Katie!” Al screams “Mr. Stinkly isn’t Ryan! He is!” she yelled, pointing to Amanda.

“You’re R-Ryan?” I stutter. “You can’t be! I-I told you stuff!”

“Yes.” He/she says, smiling. “You told me everything! You told me everything you knew! Now, all of you, on the bed!” he/she says, pointing the gun at us and kicking the door down with his/her foot.

“If you’re Ryan…then.” I say horrified, realizing I whacked my ex-history teacher over the head with a wrench. Oops.

“My brother is too weak.” He/she says. Brother? Did he say brother? “Twin actually.” He says, reading my mind. Twin? Oh…Ryan and Brian…smooth.

“Now I have some unfinished business to take care of with you.” He says to Al, coming towards her.

“Wait!” she shouts. “Are you really my dad?” He smirks for a moment and then answers,

“Yes.”

“You’re going to kill your own daughter?” I ask.

“That’s not all I’m going to kill.” He says to me. “You’ve been a real pest. Never minding your own business. Now you’re going to get what you’ve predicted all along! You’re going to watch your friends die, and then I’m going to kill you last!” He then turns his attention back to Al.

“Now say good-bye.” He says, lifting the gun towards her head. We watch in amazement as he suddenly falls to the floor unconscious, a wig falling off revealing a bald head. We look up and there’s Mr. Stinky, holding the same wrench in his hands.

“Are you girls okay?” he asks. We nod, too stunned to say anything. “Come with me.” We get up and begin to follow him, but a sudden thud catches my attention.

“Al!” I scream as she lays unconscious on the floor. “Al fainted again.” I say to Mr. Stinky who kneels down and checks her pulse. He then quickly picks her up and puts her on his shoulder.

“We need to get her to the hospital.” He says.

*052*2015-09-11 21:46

We’re at the hospital now. Al's awake , but they're having her stay over night. She doesn’t seem too happy about that, but we’re making her. The rooms already packed with people and we’ve only been here an hour. Me, Jaclyn, Mr. Stinky, Al’s mom, the principal, and half the Bible club, and sadly, Marissa. She still hasn’t gotten over the fact that I was given premonitions from God that saved Allison’s life and she wasn’t.

Oh, yeah, I’m the new class celebrity. I’ve already had to tell the story ten times, dreams and all. It’s getting tiring, but at least they don’t think of me as a 15 year- old- bed -wetting- freak. Now they think of me as a psychic -15 -year -old -bed -wetting-freak. Oh well, what matters now is that Al is safe. My reputation, or what’s left of it, isn’t important. Speaking of reputations, you’ll never guess what I caught Jaclyn doing on the way over here in the ambulance. Crying. I guess watching your friend almost die three times in one day, and then watching your own life flash before your eyes is enough to push even the strongest people over the edge.

If you think that’s scary, when I left to get something to drink, she followed me out and…HUGGED ME! She even said she was sorry for making fun of me about the whole bed wetting thing. Now I’ve seen it all, even if she did follow it with a “ tell anyone and you’re going to wish Ryan did kill you.”

Close enough.

“We did get something out of this.” I say to Jaclyn, sitting by ourselves in the hospital lounge.

“What’s that?” she asks as I pull out my key chain and hold up a smaller yellow key.

“I won’t tell if you won’t.” I say as she begins to laugh.

“Sweet! Our own private bathroom!”

I quickly hide it as Mr. Stinky comes down the hall and sits down next to us, holding a bag of ice on his head.

“I’m really sorry I hit you…again.” I say for the millionth time.

“It’s okay, I understand. You were only trying to protect Allison.”

“So…did you know?” Jaclyn asks.

“Know what? That he was transgender?”

“That Allison was your niece.” He seems startled for a second and then smiles, as if he just realized this.

“No, I didn’t. I knew Ryan had a daughter named Allison, but I didn’t know it was THIS Allison.”

“Well, now you have a family member you never knew about.”

“Speaking of family.” I say as Al’s mom joins us. “Hello, Ms. Walltz.” I say, pretending I don’t know she thinks I’m a crack whore.

“It’s okay, Katie.” She says. “I got the full story.”

“Huh?” I say, pretending I don’t know what she’s talking about.

“And I know you heard what I said about you. Allison told me.”

“Oh. Well, I promise, I don’t do drugs.”

“Yes, I heard about what happened. I’m so sorry I jumped to conclusions about you, and isn’t that my hair dye?” She said, then turning towards Mr. Stinky. “And you. I can’t thank you enough for saving her. She told me about how you knocked him out right before he was about to…That was very brave of you.” Me and Jaclyn bury our faces in our arms to keep from laughing at how red Mr. Stinky’s face just got.

“It was no problem at all Ms. Walltz.” He says a bit too quickly.

“Call me Julie.” She says, turning his face an even darker shade of red.

“Julie then. Call me Brian.”

“Okay, Brian.”

“So, uh, Julie. Would you like to uhh, get some coffee?”

“I’d love to.” She said as they got up and walked around the corner together. We lasted about ten seconds before busting out laughing.

“Uh-oh. Better tell Al her moms getting a little cozy with her history teacher.” I say.

“Even worse! It’s her mom and Uncle!” Jaclyn says, cracking the both of us up.

“Oh gosh…what if they dated?”

“Worse! What if they got married? What would Al call him?!” We both laugh even harder as we both say in unison, “Uncle Dad!”

“Katie!” I hear a voice call behind me. To my surprise I turn and find myself standing face to face with Jamie. “Are you okay? What happened?” he asks sounding practically hysterical.

“I’m fine. What’s up with you? You look like you just ran all the way over here.”

“Well first of all, I hear you got expelled, and then someone said they saw you being taken to the hospital in an ambulance.” He says, eyeing me from head to foot to make sure there isn’t some giant gash that went unnoticed the first ten times he looked me over.

“Oh, that well…it’s a long story. I’m fine though, it was Allison who was taken to the hospital, not me, I just came along.” I say, beginning to wonder why he’s staring at me like that.

“What happened? Is she okay?”

“Yeah, she’ll be fine. She’s in the other room if you want to see her.”

“In a minute.” He mumbles.

“Will you just ask her out already?” Jaclyn says as she walks by. Note to self: Kill Jaclyn.

“Ugh, ignore her.” I moan, giving her a glare over his shoulder.

He smiles understandingly. “Well…actually.” He begins and then stops.

“What?”

“Nothing.” He says to quickly.

“What? What were you going to say?”

“Nothing, don’t worry about it.”

“You know I’m not going to stop unless you tell me, so out with it!” Ah! Do I really want to know what he was going to say? What if he was going to say “well…actually…you’re not my type.” Or “Well…actually… we’re better as friends”

“I was going to say…” he says and then pauses. Uh-oh, he looks nervous. Here it comes; he’s going to tell me he doesn’t like me. I knew it. Okay, just do it and get it over with.

“I understand I’m not your type, don’t worry about it.” I blurt out. He looks at me strangely for a second, but then looks amused.

“Actually, I was going to say… I like you.” He says.

“It’s okay, I under-…wait…WHAT?!?” Okay, I need to clean my ears…I couldn’t have just heard what I thought I just heard…could I? I must be imagining things.“What did you just say? I think I’m hearing things.”

“I said I…like you.” He said turning an interesting shade of red I have never seen before.

“Are you joking?” I ask just to make sure.

“Umm…no.” he says.

“So…you're 100 percent serious?” I ask looking him in the eye.

“Yes.”

“Well… I like you too.” I say quickly really hoping this isn’t a joke.

“Really?”

“Yeah.” I say as I notice him taking a step closer, and then another step and then another until he was barley an inch from my face.

Uh-oh…is he going to kiss me?! I don’t know how to kiss! What if I’m really bad at it and he changes his mind about me. What if I hit his head? How do I breathe? What if there’s a booger hanging out of my nose?!? And then a worse thought occurred to me.

“Umm…Jamie, I don’t think this is a very good idea…I have..”

“What? A boyfriend”

“No. It’s just I might have…” I begin, but then stop. “Nothing. It’s nothing.” I say with a devious smile on my face.

“Good.” He says leaning in closer.

☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺ ☺

When we get back to Al’s room, half the kids were gone, but someone new was there. My mom. I quickly let go of Jamie’s hand.

“Katie! There you are! I’ve been worried sick! First I get a call telling me to come pick you up because you’ve been expelled and when I get there, they tell me you ran away! Then today, they call me and tell me you’re at the hospital!” she yells. “What’s going on?” she demands.

“I can assure you, that in light of recent events, she is no longer expelled and that we expect to see her at school Monday morning.” The principal says, stepping in. “We can also gladly say the items we recovered from her locker, were not hers, but were in fact, planted to keep her away from…today’s events.”

“And what exactly were ‘today’s events’” she asks the principal, who in turn looks at me.

“No way!” I say. “I’ve told this story way too many times already. You’ve heard me say it. Can’t you tell it?” I beg. He sighs.

“Alright, I suppose I can.”

That is the last time I let him tell the story! If I hear the words “Extremely well trained staff” one more time, I think I’m going to puke.

“Thanks to our extremely well trained staff, who handled the situation very professionally, we were able to subdue Ryan, who is currently in police custody.” He says.

Excuse me one moment while I go hurl. Of course, he leaves out the little detail that Ryan was a member of his “extremely well trained staff”.

“Oh look, and there he is.” He says as Mr. Stinky enters the room, arms linked with…Julia. We look at Al, whose eyes are practically popping out of her skull.

“Mom!” she calls out. “You do know that’s-“

“I know he’s your History teacher, but he’s also a very nice man.” Al’s mom says as Mr. Stinky’s face turns red again.

“He’s also-“

“Now Allison, be nice, he did save your life after all.”

“Uncle Dad.” Jaclyn whispers to Al, who glares back.

“It’s not funny!” she says to us as we begin to crack up.

So here’s how it ends. It turns out that the dreams were premonitions, obviously. And the bed wetting happened to be the biggest clue of all. I still say that the phrase would have done just fine on its own, without actually wetting the bed. But Al says it’s because there was no way I would have paid enough attention to it if I wasn’t actually doing it. I guess she’s right; it wouldn’t have made any sense…but still.

As for Al’s mom ,she’s officially dating Mr. Stinky, but we don’t call him that anymore. We call him Uncle Dad now.

Poor Al, in the last twenty-four hours, she’s been locked in a trunk with a bomb, and held at gun point three times. To top it all off, she finds out she’s related to her history teacher, who then turns around and dates her mom. Pretty crazy day.

As for me, I haven’t wet the bed since. Can’t say I haven’t had any nightmares though. I had the Nightmare of all Nightmares. I dreamt my mom was dating my Algebra teacher. At least that’s never going to happen…I hope At least Al lets me spend the night at her house again. Jaclyn still isn’t so sure; she says she’s putting me on a probation period. If I go another month without re-decorating my sheets, I can come over.

Oh yeah, I really do have mono, so my mom’s finally letting me sleep! Only I could get a kissing disease from a piece of chocolate.

Top ten things I have learned from this experience.

10. Jaclyn has a soul

9. Don’t make promises on the spot (Now I have to write two papers on the Vietnam war! )

8. What Allison’s mom actually thought of me.

7. Alabama isn’t the only state with Uncle Dads running around.

6. Your best friend being related to the teacher doesn’t improve your test grades.

5. I should listen more carefully to what my friends are trying to tell me.

4. Nothing is worse than turning into a frequent bed wetter.

3. While the entire 10th grade class finds out live.

2. While you’re stuck helplessly watching your reputation go down the drain.

Never suspect the history teacher; it’s always the nurse in drag.

Well, that’s what happened. It’s been the craziest month of my life and if I sit here on my foot any longer I may never walk on it again. I have to go now; I’m supposed to go drop Jamie’s homework off at his house. I talked to him earlier today…he says he’s been feeling really tired lately for some reason.

Oops…☺

The End.

*054*2015-09-12 04:28

Thanks :) Glad some people liked it

*058*2015-09-13 01:11

{{:

Well, just finished reading all the chapters that were rapidly posted over the last few days, and I must admit that I found it quite enjoyable, and not just because of the bedwetting. Hell, have a professional editor go over the text and give it a less fetishistic title, and I could see this getting published as a paperback. Not bad at all for a first novel, especially one written before the author even finished highschool.

}}

Thanks :) that was actually my dream back in high school to get it published. It's real name is Dream Shooter but.. you know had to keep it interesting for people on here.

{{:

Incredible story! It's amazing how many great writers are on this site, of all places

}}

Hehe thanks! I didn't really think people on here would like it.

