The Green Dam and the Water Golem (A fantasy writing commission)

Author: OrionsBelt

*000*2023-01-17 05:46

Hello once again reader! This story is the result of an art trade between myself and @Tentacool, where he wished for an omo story set in a fantasy time zone. I'm not the most adapt at fantasy, but I gave it my best shot and I don't think it's half bad! I hope you enjoy it!

And fear not, I will not forget about the backlog of my other stories as well! Your feedback and support is so very much appreciated!

- Orion

The Green Dam and the Water Golem

Prologue

Nestled in a valley was the Kingdom of Aragoza. A kingdom ruled by humans that was a melting pot of different races and beings. A prosperous, peaceful kingdom that is the product of centuries of brutal war and conflict. The valley before those times was one of an uneasy peace, segregated into their factions of their brethren. The human population in what is now the capital, Arasootas, was always a marginalized and struggling people in between the dwellings of the various races of Dwarves, Elves, and the Dragonborne. With little magical power or brute strength like many of the other races, humans had to tread lightly in their small numbers to avoid even a small conflict they were hopeless to win. However, a population boom and rapid innovation of the humans allowed them to thrive, and eventually establish a military presence.

A tyrannical leader rose to power and popularity, and sought to take control of the valley for their own intentions, including annexation or removal of the other factions. The rapid growth and military expansion of the self-proclaimed Xander Dynasty (named after the mentioned dictator) resulted in a military force unlike the valley had ever seen, with advanced weaponry, armor, and tactics that stood up to the strength and magical power they had lacked. A quick dispatch of a small army of orcs by the military was a successful campaign; with the consequence of the complete annihilation of their race.

The message was clear: Join us, or die. Seeing the atrocities before them, the other races grew worrisome and then angry, each declaring war on the Dynasty. Centuries of on-and-off conflict persisted between the humans and the civilizations of the other races. Despite the death of tyrant leaders and the eventually fall of the dynasty into a more democratic constitutional monarchy, the animosity of the factions was still palpable. War continued to rage on, atrocities committed on both sides, and as the men and resources depleted on both sides, the supernatural factions agreed on an alliance, and sent a final hail mary to end the war once and for all. It did, however, result in a resounding human victory.

The newly founded Kingdom of Aragoza annexed the regions of the supernatural and continued to expand, growing its influence as it opened connections within its borders and integrated the races it ruled over. Despite the takeover, the new Kingdom displayed much more graciousness than its tyrannical past, still claiming ownership and power over the regions, but allowing them to live in freedom, and integrating into their new society.

While their populations thinned and weakened, the races slowly recovered their numbers and way of life, but some argue still live under the yoke of the kingdom, hoping for true independence. But for now, peace is the order of the day, the kingdom is a place of equality, with neighborhoods and niches for everyone, sharing their cultures and language and embracing each other as if they are their own. None is a greater example of this explained in the capital, where everyone from the humans, dwarves, elves, dragonborne, and everything in between mingle and work together.

However, farther along the valley exists a dense forest, difficult to navigate and serves as the only point along the valley that serves as access to the outside world by land. The kingdom had long wished to clear the forest to improve access to the outside world, however this forest and the caverns and cliffs around them were the territory belonging to goblins. The Goblin race remained in the shadows during the time of war, and remained within their territory, looting the occasional traveler or lost soldier. They had no desire to participate, and neither the humans nor the supernatural alliance wished to have them on their side, as they were considered a treacherous and slimy group.

When the word to clear their forest trickled down from the Kingdom to the goblins, the Goblin Kingdom immediately grew defensive and thwarted advancements of Aragoza by attacking their surveyors. Thus began a cold war between the smaller Goblin Kingdom and the giant Aragoza Kingdom. Negotiations always went poorly with little progress being made for years between the two sides. While the Kingdom of Aragoza could snowplow the Goblins with their military, the Queen of Aragoza and the royal family wished to improve their aggressive reputation by suing for peace. For years, an unsettling anxiety throughout the Kingdoms rang as peace between them began to strain.

Chapter 1

It was until one Summer’s morning, where our story begins. The goblin Queen Caelus, awoke as if it were any other morning. She yawned, her stout, shortstack frame stretching to greet the day. Her large pointed ears perked up, hearing the wisp of the wind gently sway the trees seen from the opening in her mountain castle. Her long, flowing purple-gray hair accentuating her nude body (goblins don’t wear clothing in their sleep), her soft and squishy body that had a noticeable bulge in her abdomen.

Like any other morning, Queen Caelus always had an urge to relieve herself, just as anyone else would in the morning. The queen had a strong bladder, and loved to drink the various nectars and juices from the fruit of the forest, or even better, the alcohol looted from the occasional traveler. Being a goblin, her skin and body was stretchy for the sake of resilience, allowing, in combination with her large fluid consumption, to produce a hefty bulge in her abdomen nearly every day. Still, she felt quite an urge to pee from holding her contents all night, and made her way to her chamber’s washroom, her bladder, along with her thick thighs, curvaceous rump, and bountiful bosom, to jiggle and wobble as she strided.

The washroom was nothing but a small room with two buckets, one for relieving in, and one filled with fresh spring water for which to bathe herself, fetched by her royal underlings. Like any other day, the queen squatted over her bucket and relaxed her tense pelvic muscles, ready for the small ocean of piss inside of her to go shooting out as the mass in her belly would slowly diminish.

Only, neither of those things happened. Odd… The queen squatted harder, actively trying to push out her liquid burden. Nothing. She strained her face, and bit her lip, trying to expel her contents. Still nothing. Caelus was perplexed, and considerably worried. Was she sick? She forgoed the bucket and instead elected to squat further to pee onto the stone floor, now desperate to relieve herself. Despite all her strength, her urethra would not open despite all the force and liquid coming down to force it so. Panicking, she called out to her underlings, and urgently requested the appearance of the Kingdom’s goblin doctors, which by human standards, were not quite doctors at all, merely those experienced in the art of trial and error rather than medicine.

The doctors sat down Caelus on her bed once again, and performed a matter of primitive procedures on the poor Queen, from trying to “push” the piss out by squeezing her bladder, to having her legs pulled back to her feet over her head, to attempting to stick small rods and pulling open her urethra as she pushed, all with no results, her desperate urethra even refusing to open at all, as if it were sealed tight. With nothing left to try, the doctors simply suggested that it will go away with time, which the Queen worryingly agreed, going on with her day with an uncomfortable but manageable load the entire time. The day passed, every few hours the queen attempted to relieve herself to no end product, and continually being told that the effect is temporary and just be patient. Nighttime rolled around, and she uncomfortably rolled into bed, tossing and turning with a throbbing, bloated bladder.

The next morning and the day thereafter was much the same, and then the next day, then the day after that, and after that, until a whole week had passed until she simply could not take it anymore. Her belly looked pregnant, perhaps beyond that, as her skin stretched and swelled to contain such a large amount of boiling, sloshing pee. It had gotten to the point where her normal clothes had simply gotten too tight and small to fit her figure. She scolded the doctors and demanded a new solution as opposed to just simply waiting. However, her closest advisor and friend, Paiko, stepped forward.

“Aragoza. They could help us.”

The queen was detracted from her ranting to hear her out. “How would they help me? They are our enemies, why would they help us?”

“Please, Caelus. It is worth a try. Or do you wish to continue this discomfort and hardship that faces you every day, and will only get worse?” Her advisor belittled, accentuating her point by sticking a finger into the stretchy bulge of piss.

“Nnngh!” The queen recoiled. Seeing no other option, and utterly desperate for some form of relief, she conceded. “Fine. I don’t have much hope, but these numbskulls aren’t going to get me anywhere.” She shot a glare at the trio of doctors, avoiding her gaze by looking at the ground or whistling, gazing at the ceiling.

And so later that day The queen and Paiko departed their beloved kingdom with a group of Goblins to carry her highness's royal carriage, which was more like a makeshift horse cart. Goblins, even goblin royalty, were not picky regarding aesthetics.

The trip would take about two whole days, two days of torture to the queen as the beaten roads and paths bumped and rocked the poor cart and transitively her poor bladder. Each bump sloshed her tank’s content’s back and forth, putting pressure on every part of her poor body, with no way of relief. Even more tortuous was the bathroom breaks her escorts were taking, freely lifting their loincloths and peeing into the wind, sighing in relief as their queen looked beyond envious.

Paiko took pity on her, trying to limit the restroom breaks herself in an attempt to be sympathetic, but she reached her limits very quickly, and sheepishly excused herself various times to what was some very well-needed pisses, herself moaning in pleasure after holding as much as she is able to share the queen’s misery. While the gesture was admirable, it did nothing to help her situation. Her stretchy composition luckily lent her well, but while she was not in any fear of physically or metaphorically exploding, her discomfort beyond comparison, as well as the bulge in her stomach as well. Perhaps a comparison could be made to a pregnant belly once more, but this was one that was nine months pregnant with triplets and quadruplets, if even that.

And near the evening of the second day, the lights of Arasootas came into view over the edge of the hill, the brilliant, progressive, inclusive city shining like a beacon. A shiver went down the Queen’s spine, not just from the creeps and shivers her bladder was producing, but also in anticipation of the reaction of the people of the kingdom. The goblin kingdom was not very popular, to say the least. Would they even bother to help? Would they attack them on the spot and hold her hostage? The queen’s gut told her that this was a bad idea, going through the various probable scenarios as to what would happen upon approaching the city’s gates. But that feeling in her stomach was wildly superseded by the feeling in her bladder. Desperately looking for relief and help, she had to reach out to her kingdom’s rivals. She wearily looked at the massive city as her carriage approached the gates, her bladder churning its balloon of urine, her poor body nearing its incredible limit.

To be continued.

*004*2023-01-30 09:27

Chapter 2

The cart creaked as it went up the cobblestone path to the walls of the great city. Caelus once again looked up in equal parts amazement and anxiety. The walls of Arasootas stared down the lowly queen, dwarving the tallest oak trees she had come to know in her forest. The two sentries came forward, spears drawn, and Caelus could notice some of the stern eyes of more soldiers peering down at them through the balistraria, ready to draw their weapons and pounce on the goblin escort. The sentries approached the cart, and calmly yet assertively addressed them.

“What is your business, goblin?” The first one asked.

Paiko spoke upon the queen’s behalf. “Sirs, we are the royal highness of the goblin kingdom, and we have come to Arasootas because we have an urgent matter that requires meeting with your highness.” She said nobly. Paiko was one of the very few goblins that could read and speak decent English, having read and studied human literature and customs from books looted from passing travelers. She spoke with dignity, but the characteristic goblin “hiss” still accented her noble voice. Caelus could also read and write English as well, and could articulate just as well as Paiko could, but she understandably turned away, hiding behind her long white hair, and tried to conceal her tremendous bulge, to no effect.

The two sentries looked at each other, and seemed to have a conversation without words, by using slight head movements and signals with their hands and eyes. They took another step closer, their weapons drawn on the escort.

“We’re going to need more details than that, goblin highness. You of all people must understand that we can’t allow any goblin refugee into the city without justification, let alone meet her majesty the queen. Even if you are goblin royalty.” The guard sneered.

Paiko grew agitated. Her queen and friend in considerable pain and stress, there was no time to spare quibbling over politics. “I don’t have to answer to you our cause for coming here. Our reasoning is strictly royal business, only matters to be discussed with the Queen of Aragoza!”

The sentries furrowed their brows, the tension between the two groups increasing. The second sentry whistles, and from two doors beside the grand gate to Arasootas, a small brigade of guards emerged, wielding their spears, and surrounded the royal carriage. The goblin escort nervously backtracked, as the spears steadily grew closer to their flesh. Paiko was furious. “By the gods, let us in! We are not to be barred by the likes of you! We have a critical issue that we must discuss with her majesty!”

Queen Caelus, fearing a battle with her kind right then and there, finally spoke up. She pulled Paiko on the shoulder, and immediately she looked back at her queen, only to realize the needless situation her anger had put her in.

“P-please, guard… I am her highness… And our- my situation is dire. I have been cursed or somehow afflicted with some illness that causes me great discomfort. All I ask is to meet your queen to perhaps remedy my condition… P-perhaps, when I am well, we can once again start peace talks between our kingdoms.” She shifted restlessly in her seat, as her poor bladder throbbed with need.

The head sentry gave a hand signal, calling off the squadron, but still in an actionable position. “That was all the reasoning we needed, your highness. You should work on your partner’s communication skills, to avoid any future conflicts.” Paiko sheepishly looked away, ashamed at her blunder.

“Of course, we cannot simply grant you entry given our state of affairs. I will have my best runner send a message to the royal court pleading your case. I cannot guarantee your entry, but our Queen is a considerate one, even to a rival.” The guard stood proudly, as he and the rest of his squadron stood in their military stance.

“T-thank you guard… Your understanding is greatly appreciated.” Caelus sat back in her seat, relieved to avoid a deadly confrontation, but that would be the only relief she would feel.

For the next hour, the Queen and her escort stood idly, waiting for the return. The wait was Caelus’ own version of hell, as her bladder seemed to visibly swell and grow, now the size of a farmer’s prize watermelon, which for a goblin, meant that half the Queen’s size and nearly her entire weight was equivalent to her bladder’s mass. The Queen dressed as conservatively as she could; goblin royal attire shows much more skin and curves then human nobility, so she did her level best to not look like a harlot standing next to the human queen.

Her condition dictated that her attempt to be conservative would be in vain, as her royal “dress” was a two piece top and bottom, with her skirt now riding below her bladder. She desperately tried to salvage her appearance with a white veil and some stockings to cover up her skin, but her illusion was transparent. And now, her condition was pressing hard on her bottoms, stretching the waistband of her small white frilly skirt. Goblin skin and figure can stretch magnificently, and their attire can usually achieve a similar effect, but time was ticking on her clothes that would leave her nude should they be shredded to tatters from a frothingily full ocean of piss; after all, goblins don’t wear undergarments.

Caelus cradled her poor burdened bladder. Even her soft touch sent tingles and pangs through her body, and as the wind began to move in, Caelus could hardly even bear the crisp breeze on her stretched skin. By now, Caelus could not even reach around the globular mass in her abdomen to grab herself if she wanted to, her arms could not even reach. Luckily, if you can call it that, holding was not required even if the pressure on her urethra and bladder floor rivaled that of the deepest ravines in the ocean.

Speaking of pressure, the Queen’s bladder puts a lot of weight on her lower bits, one of them being her reproductive organs. Goblins are one of the few remaining races capable of heats. A goblin summer was rather ripe with lovemaking and sexual promiscuity. Lovemaking sessions would typically last for weeks within the kingdom, sometimes upwards of a month. Of course, it was beginning to become that time of year, and not even the goblin queen was immune to her urges.

Of course, Caelus had bigger concerns and sensations rather than her libido up to this point, but now, its need has begun to show itself more prominently on her voyage, and especially now. The queen had a host of pleasurable toys and occasionally goblin mates at her disposal, but here she had neither, and now she didn’t even have the reach to touch herself to relieve her carnal desires. What a cruel twist of fate. The queen bit her lip as her womanhood throbbed along with her aching bladder, hoping the feeling would pass before her juices would make a sticky spot on her seat, or a runoff down her thighs.

“Caelus?”

The queen stirred from her daydreaming and focus on her desperate need to answer Paiko. “Y-yes?”

“I’m… sorry for my behavior.” Tears welled up in her poor friend. Paiko meant well. She was only concerned for her friend. The last thing she wished to do was create conflict between the kingdoms. “I got ahead of myself… And that guard was being a jerk…”

Caelus quiveringily placed a hand on her dear friend’s shoulder. Despite her condition, Caelus was always grateful for what she had. For goblin royalty, her considerate and shy nature was out of character for a more greedy and impulsive goblin king or queen, but the change of pace was well-respected.

“It’s ok, Paiko, I know you mean the best. Our patience and understanding will reward us, making demands or threats will only set us back. I’ll be ok… Just make sure you look after yourself as well.” Caelus said with the wisdom of a great druid.

A single tear escaped Paiko’s eye, which she wiped away. She nodded in agreement. She reached over and gave her queen an awkward hug, doing her best to avoid any pressure on her repository of boiling piss as it swelled and churned.

The head guard broke up their moment with an announcement.

“My runner has just returned. The royal court will allow entry and assemble a meeting with you, on the condition that your escort and carriage remain out here, and under our watch. Only you and your partner are permitted entry. An escort of our men will take you to the castle.”

Caelus and Paiko acknowledged him, and disembarked the carriage, Caelus taking far more time to do so as her round belly weighed on her, each subtle movement pounding her wall’s with sloshing urine. It was then where the royal guards could get a better look at Queen Caelus and her payload. Many gawked at her state, some whispering to one another and snickering. Caelus grew red from embarrassment from the extra attention. Well, red for a goblin, at least.

A new squadron came through the small doors to escort Caelus and Paiko to the castle, many having a similar reaction to their squadmates. They stood in their escort formation, ready to take the Queen, finally, to her destination. A bell gonged within the castle walls, and the great gate of Arasootas finally began to creak open. Caelus gulped, the part she feared was past her, but there was no promise for improvement or release to her condition within this city, she could only hope for it. Her bladder swelled and ached continuously, her clothes were stretched and nearing their own limits. Caelus could only hope that the venerable royal court of Aragoza could look upon her with favor and assistance. She nervously watched the legendary gate that steeled the great kingdom creep open, hoping that the gate that was sealed away in her urethra could open as well with her visit.

*010*2023-04-14 05:04

See my latest status for an update on this and all other stories of mine.

*011*2023-06-22 06:04

Hooooooooly Shit. It's been awhile hasn't it?

A lot has been happening recently in my life but it feels really good to be back!

Now, this chapter has been in the mill ever sine chapter 2 was finished, but has been rewritten 3 times. My indecisive ass sometimes gets the better of me. But I'm glad to be moving along in the story, trust me, I have a ton planned from this point forward, so stay tuned! And I would very, very much appreciate sharing this piece to more hyper desperation enthusiasts or just people who might be interested in the story, getting more hype gives me more motivation!

I'll try to be a bit more timely with further entries...

Thanks again! And without further ado...

Chapter 3

@@The huge gates of Arasootas creaked to a halt, now in their fully open position. Caelus, as directed by her escort, began to walk forward. Even the act of walking was beyond tortuous compared to the bumpy road and forest floor her carriage took her on. Each step forced her to knee her own bladder, as it sloshed up and down, her ball-shaped abdomen bouncing like a rubber ball on the ground. Caelus could thank the gods to be born a goblin, as her stretchy skin perhaps had saved her from literally exploding… for now. Even so, she could only be so grateful, and went back to cursing them for giving her this immense burden for seemingly no reason other than to see her suffer. Her only hope was the royal court somehow granting her asylum and relief, she remained hopeful, but extremely desperate for relief. Caelus wished she didn’t have to move, or at the very least, could shuffle, waddle, or inch her way little by little to the castle, which she could see in all its magnificence just by looking up. It was nested on a hill, with rich nobility and clergy developments surrounding its base. It is truly a castle worth its salt, but Caelus’ main concern is how far away. The guards in the escort seemed to have little care for her condition, and urged her to keep pace so as to not waste the time of the royal court who was waiting for her. At one point a guard even used the back side of his spear to spank Caelus’ rump in order to get her moving. It was by no means a hard one, but the impact sent motions and sensations throughout her body and her bladder. The act also reminded her of her escapades in goblin heat, where she would use her toys or get one of her men to wail on her ass until it was a bright red, being a pleasurable kink for the goblin queen, among other things.

@@The walk through Arasootas began to draw considerable attention as the escort walked in the denser parts of town on the main road. Soon, people were lined up on the sides of the street, seeing the royal guards escort Caelus just as Caelus was escorting a great burden of her own. The townspeople began to gossip and murmur about what the presence of the goblin is doing here in the capital. Although it didn’t take long to find out what the issue was. Caelus’ humongous bladder bulge was impossible to miss, and her strained face and posture showed the immense pressure she was experiencing. The town began to gossip more, and eventually turned to snickering and giggling, as more and more of the capital heard what was going on and more began to join the path to see the goblin queen and have a laugh themselves. Eventually as they neared the castle district, the crowd grew from their own conversations and began to jeer and taunt the poor queen. Some swished large barrels of water and ale which Caelus could clearly hear, some, most notably girls, began to mock her by claiming to need to pee so bad they are bursting at the seams, and children even began to take melons from local markets and stuff them up their tunics and gowns pretending to have bulges of their own.

Caelus was beyond mortified by all the attention, the entire capital must be here to watch her slowly and painfully trot up towards the castle. All the eyes were only making the pain and pressure in her bladder worse, as each joke and stare felt like daggers and sticks poking straight into her bloated behemoth of a bladder.

Fortunately for Caelus, the escort reached the exclusive upper class district near the castle, where the nobility and clergyman within them had much better things to do than jeer at Caelus. An occasional glance or stare was witnessed by those passing by, but it was a great improvement from previous.

@@Finally, after over an hour of walking, the escort reached the castle. Caelus was exhausted. The long walk was only exacerbated hundreds-fold by the weight in her abdomen, acting as a double of herself, constantly bobbing up and down and boiling with an ocean of piss. As much as she wanted to relieve herself as soon as possible, she also wanted to just lay down and rest. The escort approached the castle gates, and one had a brief conversation with the guard stationed inside, and opened the gate to let them in, and past a courtyard to enter the castle itself. There, the escort relieved themselves of their duties, and handed off Caelus and Paiko to the superior royal castle guards. They were led once again down a large elaborate corridor and finally into the royal court. A beautiful room, with chandeliers sparkling like diamonds, ornate woodwork on pillars supporting the ceiling of a piece where an Aragoza royal was conquering his enemies (very tasteful), as light from the tall, clear windows bathed the court in a natural glow.

Off to the left of the court was a number of dignitaries of various race and class, all sitting like a jury waiting for a hearing. They talked amongst themselves and only a few even acknowledged the goblin’s entrance. They were motioned by an older elf with long, stringy white hair to take a seat in front of the large throne, which sat empty. Caelus scanned the various members in this “jury”. They were a mix of royal advisors and representatives of the various races assimilated into Aragoza. Dwarves, elves, a dragonborne, and even a gnome were amongst this group, and each had one or two assistants of dignitaries with them.

@@One member that stood out among them. A human woman, or at least looks human, and horns on her head peeking out from black hair with streaks of blue that cascaded down past her shoulders and to her knees, which themselves were covered by fish-net stockings. The rest of her attire could only be described as risque, as a one-piece set used commonly for undergarments was all she wore, exposing her hips and behind much like a skimpy thong would, along with black leather straps around her ample bosom that strapped around her neck. Caelus also noticed this lady also had a bulge in her abdomen covered by the skimpy skin-tight fabric, nothing as large as the queen’s of course, but still remarkable as anyone with a bladder in that state would be beyond desperate for relief. Yet, the lady didn’t so much as even cross or press her legs together to show a sign of desperation. She caught Caelus staring at her and shot her a mischievous glare and a smirk to accompany it. A chill ran down Caelus’ spine as she looked down and away, and into the mass of flesh that was her bloated belly.

Then, a group of maidens hastily walked in, clad in royal servant outfits, with an out of breath royal guard. "Ahem. Presenting your royal highness of Aragoza, Queen Ethel!"

The royal court all rose to their feet and applauded the arrival of the queen. Caelus uneasily rose and clapped with them, the weight of her monstrous organ weighing down on her sphincter.

@@Queen Ethel strode in the court, without the grace and beauty of a typical queen. The queen stomped quickly past her servant girls and impatiently took her seat on her throne, not even acknowledging her welcome. The human queen had skin of dark ebony tone, with angled piercing hazel eyes. Her frame seemed a bit bulkier than any ordinary royalty, it was clear she applied the same regiments to herself that she would to her army. Nevertheless, she was still on the shorter side, although no doubt still able to look down upon Caelus’ physically and metaphorically. Her royal attire was not one typical of royalty: she looked much more like a military general. She wore a chestplate made of solid gold, a treasure worthy of nabbing in the eyes of any goblin. Her tunic was ornate, draped in fine silk and designed with equal parts elegance and authority in mind. Her legs were clad in dark silk tights and combat boots more fit for an Aragoza soldier than the heels of royalty. Human nobles, let alone queens, generally had long, flowing hair; goblin royalty tended to mimic this trait, as bright, lengthy hair is a sign of good strength and beauty, even for goblins. Queen Ethel was different. She has something not dissimilar to a style a soldier might adorn. Her sides were practically cut to the skin, and the only fullness that was apparent was on top of her head which had light curls of her jet black hair. Her head was accentuated with a modest but no less opulent tiara, which seemed a tad crooked even to Caelus’ eye, perhaps in the queen's haste to prepare for the meeting.

“Let the meeting begin.” Ethel said harshly, clearly short on patience. She draped one of her legs over the other casually as she pulled out her chestplate and handed it to a maiden.

Caelus opened her mouth to speak, but was brutally cut off as a member of Ethel’s jury stood and spoke.

“Your highness. I regret to report that the canal’s of Aragoza are starting to dry up even more than we had anticipated. Our prediction that our rivers will last until the next month seem more and more optimistic. Recent estimates suggest that there will not be enough fresh water for the citizens of Arasootas by the end of next week.”

Caelus groaned. Surely her predicament should precede any interior affairs! Caelus felt disrespected, but dared not to raise her voice. And about water troubles, no less. Caelus squirmed in her seat at the mere mention of the clear liquid, making her tens- no, hundreds of times more aware of her bladder’s bursting burden as it throbbed nearly every second.

Queen Ethel seemed just about as annoyed at the news. She shifted her legs again. “Ugh… Not this again. I had really hoped we’d receive some decent rain by now. Can we consider importing fresh snow from the peaks around the Village of the Dragonborne?” Ethel once again adjusted her posture, clearly feeling some form of discomfort. Hmmm, odd.

A dragonborne member rose from the stand. “We’re willing to do all that we can, but I’m afraid the frost of last winter was not very good. We’re unsure how much we will be willing to provide.”

Caelus never had seen a dragon-kind so well spoken, they all seemed like scaly brutes, but she supposed he was in the Queen’s cabinet for a reason. Nevertheless, the conversation pestered Caelus’ bladder continuously, her bladder aching and pushing down on a hole that refused to open, the pressure enough to drive her crazy, yet she stayed vigilant. As much as she could, at least.

@@The affairs dragged on for another hour, an agonizing amount of time as Caelus desperately wanted to, and considered, shouting out her desperate condition as she felt she was far more entitled to the attention than issues regarding taxes, infrastructure improvements, trading tariffs, and land grievances. Yet, despite her wishes, she remained in control of herself and her emotions. She was a queen after all, even if it was the queen of goblins. Caelus just focused her attention on the Queen, and tried (and failed) to sit still as her bladder sent pulses and shivers through her entire body as her monstrous organ in her swollen abdomen could not be tamed. However, she was able to keep her mind somewhat off the matter as she noticed the deteriorating comfort of Queen Ethel. The original discomfort she felt seemed to grow more and more persistent as she crossed her legs, to tapping her toes, to pressing her legs together, to squirming altogether. It doesn’t take a genius, much less a goblin, to realize that Queen Ethel has become more and more desperate for a trip to the bucket, or in her case, an actual loo. Caelus could even get faint glances of a bulge just beneath her tunic when she occasionally sat upright as she cycled through her postures to try to get more comfortable. Quite ironic, Caelus thought to herself, given her current situation, and how the delay in the proceedings was taxing on both sets of Queens.

Finally, the last jury member sat and Ethel turned her attention to Caelus, her narrow eyes staring at her with impatience.

“Now, what does this gobbo want?”

Gobbo?... Was that an insult? Or is that what her kind is referred to here? She didn’t give it a second thought, more pressing matters needing to be attended to. She uncomfortably began to stand to address the human queen, her abdomen weighing down like a huge boulder, and it was very upset at the action of standing up, as it convulsed and threatened to burst through a damn which for some Gods-saken reason refused to concede, let alone a single leak.

“Y-your highness.” Caelus spoke with a stutter, partly from how desperate she was, but also just from her nerves. Nevertheless, she tried to speak as eloquently as possible, quite unlike a goblin to be sure. “I come to you with an urgent need. I want to put aside our differences as I have nowhere else to turn to and the Kingdom of Aragoza is my only hope of relief of this burden I carry.”

Ethel scoffed. “Well, it seems that the latest line of Goblin royalty is a bit more well spoken than the last. I’ve been told your kind are brutes, ones who could barely speak cohesively. It’s nice to see a change of pace. Continue with your plea, goblin.”

Caelus had to badly hold her tongue. While there wasn’t anything particularly untrue about her statement, the dismissal of her royal status was enough to infuriate her. Nevertheless, she was in no position to anger the Queen, so she conceded to her submissive role as a subject lesser to Queen Ethel, which is what she intended.

“Thank you, your h-highness. A week ago, I had to… relieve myself in the morning, much as anyone else must.” Caelus felt her face get warm in embarrassment. Talking about problems at the loo as a royal felt incredibly shameful, but she carried on.

“I was unable to that morning, for whatever reason. A-and I was unable to every time I attempted to relieve myself every day up until now, a week of holding my liquids… Yet I am physically unable to find relief in any capacity. T-this is my plight, and I have exhausted all my options and am incredibly desperate to piss. I come to you because I need relief, please! Every second my bladder aches with the need to release my waters! Help me! I do not know what is wrong with me!” Caelus said with complete desperation in her tone, her condition starting to get the better of her as she could feel every single drop drip into her gargantuan bladder.

Caelus braced herself for the humiliation she was going to receive from the human queen, seeing that she is much more likely to take amusement on her plight rather than pity. However, Queen Ethel sat in her throne, her face flushed of color, and seeming very, very, fidgety. Perhaps Caelus' description was vivid enough to trigger her own need for relief.

Ethel squirmed and clutched her own ball of urine nestled tightly under her tunic. She raised her hand from her crotch to speak. "T-that sounds like quite the predicament, Goblin Queen…" Ethel stammered. "This is something that needs to be addressed… A-after a short recess." Queen Ethel bit her lip, returning her hand to secure her bladder once more.

Caelus' was mortified at the prospect of having to continue to wait for relief. She could feel it being painfully close now that Ethel has insinuated helping her, literally. Her bladder ached and pained at the motion of having to wait even longer for any form of release, or at least, without information as to what to do.

“Please! Your highness, I can’t bear this burden in my bladder any longer! Please don’t make me beg for relief! I need to know what’s going on!” Caelus cried to Queen Ethel, tears in her eyes and sloshes in her bladder.

The Queen gave her a nervous, yet still stern, glare. “I-I will not be interrupted! This meeting has gone on long enough, and a break is in order… ohhhh~” Ethel stated, stifling a clearly desperate moan. She rose to her feet, ready to begin her descent off her throne. She began to take her first step, when…

Psssssssssshhh…

A quiet trickle sounded throughout the dead quiet throne room, and a twinkle of light began to glisten on Ethel’s legs, reflecting off of clear urine snaking down her thighs and forming a small puddle on the floor and darkening her dark tights. Poor Queen Ethel could do nothing but enjoy her clear needed relief, but was absolutely humiliated to piss herself in her royal court. The quiet hiss rang out through the court as it slowly got quieter, the human queen averting the gaze of her subjects.

Caelus herself was flabbergasted, seeing anybody, much less the Queen of Aragoza, completely powerless against her waters was a sight quite unprecedented. Her mischievous goblin nature tempted her to laugh or tease the poor queen, however Caelus’ own bladder registered more of reaction of disgust and jealousy, as it cringed and convulsed at the sight of the Queen’s wetting of her royal dress. The pressure was intolerable, and the goblin’s pussy pulsed with need from its urethral opening. How badly Caelus wished to be in Queen Ethel’s position, even if it meant humiliating herself in front of her peers!

“Guess you couldn’t hold it again, eh Queen?” said the skimpily-clad women from the jury.

Queen Ethel snapped back from her relief, which had now only trickled to a few drops, making ripples in a small puddle. “I… I don’t want to hear it, Baris! I’ve already embarrassed myself enough, I don’t need your heckling.”

Baris rolled her eyes. “Even for being cursed, your bladder should still be more than capable enough to hold through a royal court briefing.” She scoffed.

“A queen should have the ability to hold just as any lady should: long enough to properly and elegantly relieve herself in private, rather than make a fool out of herself by dancing and squirming all over the place, and then piddling a puddle on the floor. Take a page out of that goblin queen, or your’s truly, for example!” Baris roughly patted her own swollen abdomen, no doubt full of her own waters ready for release, yet she didn’t even flinch at the abuse she gave herself. Queen Ethel abashedly turned away with a scoff. Baris turned to address Caelus. "You'll have to excuse her highness. She's been having… "issues" with her potty discipline."

Ethel, mortified, snapped back. "Stop calling it that! Y-you know I can't help it!"

Baris rolled her eyes. "So you claim. Curse or no curse, a queen should be able to hold her liquids!"

Caelus was perplexed at what was going on, the topic of discussion not giving her any peace in her mind over her throbbing bladder. "Curse?" the goblin queen asked quizzically.

"Ah yes. Let me fill you in, Queen Caelus." Baris sprouted wings and gusted over to Caelus. "Ah!" The swift action of Baris swooping over to her would have spooked her, enough to have her leak a dribble from her bladder in its state, yet she couldn't even if she wished for it.

"Baris, I hardly think now is the right time or place to-"

"A little past a week ago, our queen started having some 'restroom troubles'." Baris ignored the commentary from her queen and cut her off, leaving Ethel to stew in frustration.

"Our poor queen found her holding abilities not as they used to be. She would find herself scrambling for a chamber pot after not even a half hour after her last use. And even so, she would piss like a horse! We were baffled that not even after a small goblet of water or royal wine the queen would be squirming, hobbling, crossing her legs and clenching her crotch like some desperate peasant waiting to use a communal outhouse." Baris shot a devious glare at Queen Ethel, which was met by an equally intense stare of disgust and disapproval.

"A… curse? On her bladder?" Caelus questioned, trying to put the pieces together.

"Precisely. In fact, based on your account and your… figure:" Baris giggled, to which Caelus began to feel warm in the face. "It seems you've been put into a similar predicament. Or, well more like an opposite predicament because you physically can't pee and Ethel can't hold to save her life…"

Caelus' eyes grew wide with worry. "Are you saying I'm cursed as well?!", she interrupted with alarm. She tensed up in fear as her already fried nerves began reacting to the news, recoiling her poor bladder with even greater feelings of pain and discomfort.

"Don't panic. Let me see your hand and I'll know for sure."

Caelus hesitantly laid out her palm, to which Baris grasped with her left hand.

"Close your eyes and try to clear your mind… Otherwise things might get weird." Baris spoke softly.

Caelus did as she was told, the best she could, at least. A single thought and feeling roared through her head like a typhoon's tide: an ungodly, burning, throbbing need to urinate. Caelus whimpered from the pain she experienced, feeling very much in touch with her body and the immense burden that burns within her swollen, boiling, sloshing abdomen.

"It is alright. Everything will be okay." Baris spoke smoothly and softly, while placing a finger on Caelus forehead while still grasping her hand.

As soon as she did, Caelus felt a tingling numbness wash over her from head to toe. Miraculously even her gargantuan bladder seemed to have its pain dulled as Caelus achieved a form of peace. She could cry from the relief, even if she was no longer in control of her body or perhaps even conscious, the immense pain, weight, and burning need Caelus felt for so long around her urethra was no more. The bliss Caelus felt was unlike anything she had ever felt before.

The reprieve was short lived however. Baris released her grasp and her finger off Caelus' forehead, and the poor goblin queen was snapped back into a conscious state. Caelus could feel her bladder inflate with gallons and gallons of boiling piss as the immense pressure returned once more. The weight of all that liquid returning was enough to disrupt her balance, as she fell backwards and fell directly on her thick rump. Before laying on the court floor in a dazed state, groaning in pain and discomfort. Her bulge sloshed and bounced with the liquid inside her bladder as she slumped to the ground.

"Caelus!" Paiko came to her queen's aide, making sure she was alright.

"She'll be fine. But she is cursed alright." Baris confirmed.

"H-how so?" Paiko stammered.

"I checked her body for magic, and it seems her bladder and urethra are both full and engulfed in cursed magic. The urethra with the Curse of Sealing, and her bladder with the Spell of Expansion. They're pretty straightforward." Baris replied while inspecting her nails.

Paiko looked down on her poor queen. Cursed, how horrible! Who could do such a horrible thing?

"What… what do we do now?" Paiko pleaded.

"Well, we have a few clues… for one, both the goblin queen and her highness Queen Ethel were both targeted in their urinary system. A very peculiar thing to curse, let alone twice to two different people." Baris stroked her chin, and placed a hand in her crotch to nurse her own bulge, but more so to adjust her risque attire. "What's more, these spells or curses are simple ones to perform on inanimate objects and lesser animals, especially the Curse of Sealing. On humans or higher beings however, this would need to be a very advanced magic or sorcery user. And on a goblin…" Baris looked troubled as she thought out loud.

"What about a goblin? Is there something special about Caelus being one?" Paiko questioned.

"Goblins are naturally resistant to magic, if not outright immune to some spells. For someone or something to curse the Goblin Queen, it would need to be a very, very proficient wizard or witch. One that would be far stronger than myself or any of the magic users in the kingdom."

Murmurs and whispers sounded around the royal court, all sounding very concerned and fearful.

"I suppose our fears have been realized then, Baris? Is someone or something plotting against the Kingdom of Aragoza?" Queen Ethel finally spoke up, seemingly overcoming the shame that preceded her now very wet royal uniform considering the gravity of the situation.

"It seems so, your highness. But this goblin queen may serve as an important clue as to who or what our opponent is." Baris responded, much more formal to her queen than before.

"Very well. We shall use the Goblin Queen's assistance as we see fit to uncover this mystery, all the while assisting her in her own efforts to relieve her poor burden." Queen Ethel spoke with authority.

Paiko objected. "You're just gonna take her? How do we know you won't kidnap her or something like that!?" She crossed her arms in a defensive pose.

Ethel snickered but addressed her. "You have my word, as Queen of Aragoza, that no harm will come to your Queen while she is in our Kingdom."

"Hmmmm. I want to be by her side anyway, just in case." Paiko put her foot down.

Ethel relented, but saw no reason to bicker over these terms. "As you wish. We will have accommodations for you as well. Your escort, however, will have to return to their kingdom. We have no room nor will tolerate a military force within our Kingdom, no matter how small."

"Deal."

Caelus entered her small dorm that she would be residing in during her days at the castle. It was hardly the royal suite that Queen Ethel may have access to but it was clean and had a window; she could hardly complain. The room lacked its own lavatory, not that Caelus would be needing it or the common restroom down the hall, as much as she badly, badly wished she could.

It had been a long day. First the traveling, then the entrance into the city, then the court meeting, and finally a dinner after being brought to full consciousness after her fall, before being whisked away to her room, with the promise of investigating her cursed organs the next day.

@@Such a long and grueling day would normally be justified with a long, relaxing piss into a latrine, but Caelus would not have such a luxury. She could barely make it through the doorway to her room, her bladder bulged and throbbed and sloshed with liquid as it extended several feet from the rest of her. Caelus imagined that carrying an adult goblin in her abdomen would bulge out less than she has now. All this weight was absolutely tiring, even more so after a good meal in the royal dining hall, where Caelus was welcomed to various delicious meats, wines, cheeses, breads, and sauces. Despite her desperate state, Caelus indulged herself: this food would be the best food she would have past the scraps she ate in her kingdom by comparison. She commended her race's resourcefulness, but left a bit to be desired in the taste department. Caelus stripped herself of her strained, practically ripped garments to get ready for bed. A sticky residue came off her underwear, as she sighed in sexual frustration. Beside being in heat, the queen made sure that guests were entertained and serviced by plenty of good looking servant girls and boys, of which Caelus noticed a fair few tickled her fancy. Yet, even if she could reach around her massive bladder to her throbbing, desperate clit, she was practically too exhausted to masturbate. Caelus had been aware of the idea of a food coma, but she felt so unnaturally sleepy, something felt a bit off. She shook off her doubts, and slumped into bed as her bladder painfully sloshed around, before dozing straight to sleep, with hopes and dreams of being relieved sooner than later.

*015*2024-02-04 07:38

We’re back once again! One chemotherapy and a bone transplant later, at that, but that’s all behind us now. It’s been a while, and I apologize for that.

Now, since it’s been so long, I suppose we could use a refresher! And maybe a little “visual” help to get the ball rolling in yer ol’ imaginations. I certainly like visuals, it helps me write, and it allows readers to visualize better too! (Unless you already have Caelus and her misadventures perfectly visualized in your own mind, then you may be enticed to skip this stuff, hence why I spoiler tagged it.)

Now, I’m not the best fantasy writer. I have very little background in writing fantasy and especially not about races and that sort of stuff! My perception of a goblin can be wildly different than yours, so I’d like to give a little insight to how I visualize Caelus! (Apologies for the quality of art ^^;)

Spoiler

Here's a (rough) size comparison between Caelus and a typical Aragozian woman! As a typical goblin would, Caelus is pretty small, and a bit of a shortstack at that! I envision her as having the extra thiccness due to being royalty and being extra well fed compared to her subjects who survive off of thieving and pillaging, scrapping together their meals. Large ears and braided hair because I think it looks cute!

Spoiler

Now let's look at Caelus' now infamous bladder! In this side profile we get Caelus after a decent 24 hours of holding. Definitely ballooned a bit, but nothing special...

Spoiler

Another day and we're getting somewhere! A bit of a bump as her bladder struggles to find room and would definitely be sending strong, urgent signals to be relieved! Would she be able to hold to this point without the burden of a curse? Maybe...

Spoiler

Jumping up to day 5! Now her bladder makes her look pregnant and is trying desperately to make room in her body, pushing her insides around and exhibiting tremendous pressure! Also, my headcanon is that goblins have very thin and unobtrusive pelvic bones, making it so that her bladder literally doesn't break her bones. It also allows them to take... rather large objects in certain places, but that's a topic for another day!

Now, you're probably wondering, where is Caelus at now at this point in the story?

Spoiler

Here...

Frankly, there's not much to say. I mean, just look at it! And it will continue to grow!

Such a volume would be near impossible to walk with, exhibiting extreme, unbearable urges to piss til the cows come home! But we'll just have to see what happens next, shall we?

Anyways, I hope you enjoyed this little tangent, and without further ado...

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 4

Cael is stirred from her nightmares of liquid burdens, waterfalls, and tidal waves to be met with stony walls and a ceiling of stalagmites. It was then she noticed her position, laying down, nude, with her arms and legs bound apart!

“Wha… where am I…?”

“Welcome to our lair!”

Callus, startled, looked around. Her vision was still foggy but she ,are out two hooded individuals, one shorter than the other.

“You idiot!” The taller one smacked the back of the shorter one’s head. “You don’t welcome someone to a lair! A lair isn’t designed to be welcoming!”

“Ouch!… Well excuse me for being polite! Even if she is our prisoner she deserves to be accommodated…”

“Who are you?! Where am I?!” Caelus cried out.

“We’re nobody important: we’re just a couple of henchmen working for our master.” Said the tall one.

“And you’re in our lair in the mountains! We kidnapped you the other night after you went to sleep!” Replied the short one, with the taller one staring down on him in disapproval.

“What?! You… kidnapped me?!” Caelus cried, flabbergasted.

“Yep! The food you ate was drugged so it put you in a deep sleep so we could take you away!” Overshared the short one again. Followed by a conk on the head by his associate.

“What are you going to do to me? Are you working with the kingdom?” pleaded Caelus. It was then a powerful wave of pain and pressure overwhelmed her, causing her to instinctively try to close her legs, before first noticing the cold metal of her chains keeping her legs apart, before then remembering, oh yeah, she can’t pee anyway.

“To answer your first question, errr… we’re not quite sure yet. We’ve just been told to keep you in custody.” Shrugged the tall one.

“And to answer your second question,” the short one retorted, “no, we’re working for our master!… Who might be working for the kingdom. So maybe we are. Or maybe not… Are we?” He looked up to the tall one, who just rolled his eyes.

“I don’t know any more than you. Now shut up! We’re not paid to think about our employer.”

“You’re getting paid?!”

“It’s a figure of speech, you clod…” The tall one scoffed.

“No! I dropped a lot of shit to do this job, and even though master promised us power, if he’s paying in gold I want that too!”

The two minions began the squabble over payment and benefits, all the way down to lunch hours. Caelus sighed. These two idiots don’t seem to be a threat to her in the immediate moment, but the talk about their master does seem concerning, and more importantly, a key figure in Caelus’ mysterious affliction. She had to get what she could out of these dim-witted henchmen, and luckily, they didn’t seem like the hardest to manipulate. Goblins aren’t exactly great liars, but their skill at decent is second to none.

“Um, excuse me…~” Caelus put on a submissive tone to try to squeeze info out of them. “It might be kind of obvious… but I really, really need to pee…”

The two paused their fickleness for the moment. “Oh, uh, that’s good. F-for us I mean. Having you with a full bladder is part of master’s plan.” The tall one answered.

“That much is obvious.” Caelus thought to herself. “Why do you need me to be so full?… I really have to go, I can’t even let go pee myself! Can’t you just let me pee just a little bit? I promise I’ll be full enough for whatever your master wants!” This was an attempt to try to get more information as to why Caelus was cursed to such an extreme extent, but more so an attempt to finally be able to release some of her burden. She truly was desperate, her throbbing, twitchy sore urethral opening in her pussy burned with need as the great mass of liquid in her abdomen stretches her in ways never thought possible.

“Sorry, we’re given strict orders about the state of affairs of your bladder, goblin queen. Besides, only master is the one that could relinquish you from the curse on your bladder.” Spoke the tall one.

“Uh, were you supposed to say that?” The short one tapped on his shoulder.

The tall one grew wide-eyed, realizing the slip of his tongue. “Uhm, forget I said that! Our orders are to keep an eye on you and to be full of piss, that’s all!”

That’s very good to know. Whoever this “master” is, they have control of the curse on Caelus’ bladder! Finally, we’re getting somewhere. But as good as the information is, it doesn’t help Caelus’ current situation. But some context is always nice.

Caelus’ train of thought was rudely interrupted by the short henchman placing his palm, sending shockwaves through her body as she clenched her teeth in pain.

“Damn… how much do you think is in there? I know goblins are pretty resilient and flexible, but I’ve never seen something like this!”

“Probably a whole washtub’s worth, maybe two!” replied the tall one, which would actually be a very fair estimate.

“Taking a bath in piss, now that’s something. Eugh… would be pretty smelly though.” He caressed the bulge with plenty of force, causing Caelus to whimper.

“In your case, the smell would probably be an improvement if you bathed in it.” The tall one chuckled.

“Hey, shut up! Don’t act like you don’t stink either!”

“Sure, but when’s the last time you had a wash, a year ago?”

“Actually it was only eleven months ago!… Eleven and a half, yeah… Hey, check this out!” The short minion pushed both his palms into Caelus’ massive bulge, causing her to yelp.

“Eep!! S-stop! That hurts!…”

“Haha, it’s like playing with fresh bread dough, all malleable and squishy, even the way it springs back, watch!” The minion retracted both his hands as the bulge sprung back to reclaim its more comfortable shape, wobbling and sloshing with its liquid inside. Caelus was beside herself in pain, and she could do nothing but wince and yelp and moan in pain as her poor bladder was treated like a toy.

“Heh. That does look like fun.” The tall henchman started rubbing and pushing around the liquid mass alongside his comrade. This sensation doubled, no, squared the uncomfortable and painful sensations Caelus was experiencing. What on earth could be the reason for this kind of torture?…

A grueling length of time passes. It couldn’t have been more than an hour, but for Caelus it felt like days.

Even after almost an hour, the henchman were still messing around with the flesh around Caelus’ gargantuan bladder. Talk about easily entertained. The pair were ruthless too: prodding and torturing her bladder with their palms, fists, knuckles, elbows, treating her like nothing more than a lump of clay you mess with for fun.

A thud echos around the damp, dark chamber, as the door serving as the entrance to Caelus’ prison creaks open. A tall, hooded figure trudges in, his height and prominence not to be understated. He had a chilling aura, causing Caelus to shiver (or maybe it was her bladder, good gods she wanted to piss!). His purple robe adorned with gold managed to shine even with the lack of light in the dreary room. Sharp, sinister yellow eyes pierce through the shadow of the hood, gazing into Caelus’ soul. He gestures towards her, creeping in her direction.

“You must be Queen Caelus, Queen of the Goblin Kingdom… I have so looked forward to meeting you.” He places his sleeved arms in a cross.

The two henchman bow before the figure. “Welcome back master. Everything is arranged as you requested.”

So here’s the man of the hour. He certainly fits the bill of an evil mastermind that has loyal, if a bit dim, henchmen.

“Very good.” He addresses his underlings. “Now, Caelus…” He gestured sinisterly. “I’m just going to ask for a simple favor.”

Kidnapping is certainly no way to butter anyone up to ask for favors. “What… what could you want with me? I’m just an ordinary goblin. Goblin royalty I suppose… but why on Earth do you need me to be cursed and filled to my breaking point with pee?!”

“I’m so glad you asked!” The figure responded, strangely excitedly. “I needed a vessel to carry out my plans for the destruction of Aragoza! I needed an individual with a strong bladder to withstand my curse to be sure they could hold enough for my plans. I thought that the Queen of Aragoza, being as strong willed and restitute as she is, would make a good vessel. And also the irony of having the Queen destroy her own kingdom was too sweet to pass up!”

Caelus was confused as ever. How could holding one’s piss bring about the downfall of an entire kingdom?

“Alas the curse backfired and Ethel couldn’t hold what she needed, so I cursed her with an incontinent bladder instead. Back to square one.” He turned to creepily gaze upon Caelus’ nude, quivering body. “That’s where you come in.”

A shiver rode down Caelus’ spine alongside a nasty throb of her bladder. “M-me?”

“Yes! That’s when I thought, goblins! Strong, hardy, and flexible! A goblin bladder would work wonders better than a human one! Even though your kind is resistant to magic, it was not much extra effort to apply the curse to you while you were sleeping all those days ago. What is it now? Ten days? Your bladder must be aching full to burst! No worries, you’ll get your chance to relieve yourself soon enough.”

That last quote caught Caelus in an insane whiplash. “What? You mean it?”

“Of course! Your usefulness is just about over, you’ll bring the downfall of Aragoza! As your rivals, that practically makes us allies, you know.” The cruel figure snickered.

Red flags all over the place, obviously. “Wait… how is needing to piss like crazy going to bring the downfall of the kingdom?”

“All these questions! Well, I suppose I owe you the explanation.” The figure sat down, now eye level with Caelus, his hood still obscuring his face in darkness. “Alongside the curse of sealing and curse of expansion, the liquid itself in your bladder has been cursed! You are nurturing the seeds of the Water Golem!”

Caelus face grew stricken with fear at the bizarre thought. “Wha-what?!”

“Yes, the Water Golem! A fierce deity that, under my control, will take control of the waves and seas and send a crashing tsunami and rapid flood to wipe away all of Aragoza and its disgusting stain on this land! The valley will become a bay as buildings and forests are swallowed by water! Hahahaha!!” He laughs maniacally, his lackeys also joining in the laugh, more so out of fear of disapproval, as if he was telling a bad joke.

How horrible! Caelus held the seeds of the destruction of the entire valley in her bladder! All those innocent lives in Aragoza, and her loyal subjects in the Goblin Kingdom, all washed away in a horrible flood!

“Anyway, you two:” the evil master pointed to his lackeys. “Bring the collection vessel. We need to contain the golem until we’re ready to use him.”

“Yes sir!” They said simultaneously, and quickly retrieved a large clear vase with and placed it below Caelus, right underneath her quivering pussy and pulsing urethra. The act of providing a means of disposal, let alone the anticipation of release, sent further spasms and pains up to Caelus’ brain as she was just short of panting desperately for relief.

However her conscience weighed monstrously on her. So many lives to be washed away by this demon brewing in her bladder. As much as her body begged, pleading with her to release its gallons worth of contents at the earliest opportunity, the mental anguish would far surpass the physical one in her abdomen. She had to do something!

“Everything in order?… All right, the time has finally come… I’ve been looking forward to this! I’m undoing the Curse of Sealing now, and your torment will finally be over, poor Queen Caelus!”

Caelus whimpered in agony as she watched the evil hooded figure make several hand gestures in quick suggestion, mumbling some incantations to himself, before finally dramatically pointing directly to her groin. The curse binding gallons of frothing, sloshing, hot urine built up inside Caelus’ exhausted bladder finally being lifted.

Caelus didn’t feel much different, all things considered. She still felt the horrible, excruciating pressure to urinate like ever before, her poor urethra crying out in burning pain. But she’d been feeling that for a good few days now.

The only thing that changed was Caelus’ immense fear to push. Up until this point, Caelus would try to push her liquid mass out occasionally, to no success. It had gotten to the point where it was almost involuntary, and each attempt added to the pain and pressure of pushing down a large liquid mass against her perfectly shut pelvic floor.

Now Caelus couldn’t even risk letting out a dribble. She held back as much as she possibly could, forging every ounce of strength and resolve to keep her dam shut. What irony, after all this time her goal had completely changed. Everyone was counting on her, whether they knew it or not, and Caelus had no idea how much or how long she had to endure, but she at least had to try. With a gritted, panting face she tightened her kegel muscles and willed her pussy shut to prevent any spillage. Amazingly, despite such a horrible mass of urine, she held on tight.

“Hmmm? That’s odd. I would’ve foreseen you gushing the golem into the chamber vessel already. Perhaps I did the undoing incorrectly?”

He opened a large, old looking book and swiped through the pages before reading it, mumbling the same incantations and miming the hand signals again. “No, that should have done it… what could be going on?”

“Uh, sir? Is it possible that she could be holding it all by herself?” Spoke the tall minion.

“No no… that would be almost impossible. It would require an immense amount of will to withstand a bladder so large and full. I suppose it would be possible but I -“ he then glances at Caelus’ pained, gritted expression.

“Oh. You’re… You’re trying to defy me?!?” The hooded figure loomed over her with a wrath plain to see. “I will not be undermined by some cocky gobbo! I command you to begin urinating now!!”

Caelus stared into the dark hood looming over her with nothing to respond with but a look of strained contempt and defiance.

“Why you little!-“ The evil magistrate slapped Caelus flatly on her monstrous bulge. Hard.

“Eeeep!!” Caelus yelped as she clanked her bindings and spasmed in pain. She could feel a small jet of urine in her urethra of a loosening control, but luckily rescinded itself back into where it had been trapped for so long.

“Master! You don’t want to hurt the golem! There must be other ways to make her piss!”

The magistrate scowled. “I suppose you’re right.” He stood straight up once again. “You cannot deny your bladder forever. Sooner or later the golem will be birthed from its resting place and will be under my control. Heh, it might even be more powerful with extra time to brew in your bladder. I doubt you would even last the night.”

He addressed his minions. “Leave her to stew in her own pain, but don’t forget to get her plenty to drink, and make sure she drinks it. We’ll see how she fairs in the morning.”

The lackeys nodded in understanding, before preparing to leave the room.

“Does this mean we get our break now?” The short one asked, promptly answered by a smack by his comrade.

The dark figure looked back at Caelus before exiting himself. “Good luck, Caelus. You’re going to need it.”

And with that, the door shut to the dark room. It shut hard enough to knock the latch of a window open, and it creaked open allowing a bit of light and whatever was outside to be visible.

Through the window Caelus could get a sweeping view of the entire kingdom, from Arasootas all the way to the forests she claims her home. She was clearly very high in the mountains somewhere, not in a place she could yell for help. She had to save her energy on her bladder anyway.

Caelus longed to be down their free of this massive burden, but it also strengthened her resolve to protect her subjects and the innocent people of the kingdom. She took a deep breath and steeled herself to prepare for the night ahead, just as a wave came over her and threatened to break her control. Just the inch or so that was her trembling urethra would be the difference between peace and the destruction of millions of lives, and her bulging bladder spasmed violently to cover that distance and escape the confines of Caelus’ control.

It would certainly be a long night.

