School Days

Author: Sidney

*000*2011-05-21 06:22

"Awesome! Finally, we are offically high-schoolers!" a girl cheered, perching on the steps of Roseland High. She was the only one not dressed in a uniform, unlike the other girls at her school because she had bribed the princable into letting her normal clothes. Instead, she was wearing a lime green dress that went down to her kness with a blue bow on the lacy collar. White tights and black polished tap shoes reminded someone of what a toddler would wear, but her face clearly proved she was 14. She had short blond hair that fell to her shoulders and was stringy all the time. She combed it back with a black bendy headband. She had dazzling purple eyes and mascara so thick, it was like she had two pairs of eyelashes. Her name was Susan.

She spotted her friend getting out of her mom's car and waving at her. Susan was sitting all alone, reading a book, but her friend didn't seem to notice. She was used to people shuning her. Susan's friend was only a little taller then Susan and was dressed in a uniform. She had dark blue hair, almost black, that stopped at her waist. Her eyes were the same shade of purple as Susan's except her eyes weren't lined with a mile of makeup. This girl was wearing a cream blouse that buttoned up to the collar and it had a purple bow. Her black cotton skirt hung a bit loosly on her since she was really skinny, almost a stick. and she had white knee-socks on with brown leather penny loafers. Her skirt stopped before her knees a little. Her name was Mary-Jane.

The next girl was nether tall nor short, but exactly in the middle. She had shining green eyes and matching green hair that was pulled into a ponytail that stopped close to her waist. Her uniform closely resembled a fashion doll's: pretty much nothing but pink and white. Her skirt was a pink pleated skirt that was really long-it went down to her ankles. Her white blouse had ruffled sleeves and a cherry red tie hiding the black brass buttons. Her shoes were pink uggs that hid her ankle lenth socks. A cream vest completed the look. Her name was Destany, but her friends called her Des.

The uniforms at the school were different because even though they were required to wear uniforms, they could be anything they wanted and any color, as long as they matched the uniform guidelines. "I'm not so sure because what if we don't get the same classes with you guys this year?" Des asked worridly. "Don't you worry about a thing," a girl announced in a snooty voice. She was the tallest of all 4 girls and carried herself like a super model.

She had orange hair cut in a boysh style and sparkling blue eyes. Her dress was the most plain and boring of all the girls. Her sky blue skirt stopped at her knees. Her blue and white cuffed and trimmed blouse housed a golden bow on her chest. Her shoes were blue sneakers with heart ankle socks. Her nails were long and shiny, so it looked as if she could poke someone's eye out with one. They had silver glitter polish on them and her lips had the matching silver glitter on them. Her sneakers made odd clicking sounds when she walked. her name was Emily, but the girls called her Em. "I wouldn't spend your first day of high school moping around. since I findf it foolish. How about we go in and see what classes we are in?" The girls nodded in agreement. Em had a way of talking like a snooty rich girl, so it was easy to tell when she wanted you to listen.

The board where the class list was posted on was in complete and absoutle chaos. Everyone was pushing and shoving each other to see which classes they were in. "I'll go first." Em announced importantly to her friends, pointing at herself with one silver nail. The girls nodded, not daring to argue with her. She walked straight through the crowd, her chin up and her bust out, and everyone cleared a path for her. She scoured the names on the list, going down it with her nail. She then walked back to the girls. "Are you in any of our classes?!" Des asked eagerly, but Em turned away. "You guys can look now. I'm going to get a drink of water." Susan raced up to the list and looked for Em's name in one of her classes, at least one. "Well? Is she in any of them?" Des asked. Susan shook her head. "She's only in gym, but even then we won't be able to see her much if we get put on different teams." The girls gasped at looked at each other.

The dribbling of basketballs drove Susan mad. "I wish I didn't have to particapate in gym! I can't believe the only class I have with you guys is also my least favorite!" she excailmed. Mary-Jane snapped her chipped nails in Susan's face. "Hey, don't think like that. Just because you bribed the princable into letting you wear normal clothes doesn't mean you are going to bribe your way out of every class. How is that fair to us?" she demanded. Susan waved her hand, "Chill, chill! I'll pay for you guys to get out too!" She got her purse out, but Mary-Jane smacked the red velvet coin purse out of Susan's hands. "No, you are playing baseball with us weither you like it or not."

They heard a familer clicking sound and saw Des and Em waving at them. "They are other ways to get out of gym without paying, you know." Des smirked. "Yeah, you could mix up a bunch of cafeitiara food and spill it onto the floor and announce that you just threw up." Em suggested, popping her gum rather loudly. "Or, place a fake cast on your arm and say you broke it!" Des laughed. Even Mary-Jane was laughing now. "Or, I could pee my pants!" Des and Em couldn't control their laughter spasms and crashed right into the bleachers, which killed the laughter. Em's skirt flew up and some boys were laughing at Em's panties until she forced her skirt down and gave them a dirty look.

Mary-Jane stared at Susan grimly. "You must never, ever pee yourself at school. Regradless of weither it was intented or not." she scolded. "B-b-but it was just a joke! I would just spill water on my outfit and lie! Surely the kids would understand that!" Susan cried. Mary-Jane shook her head and pointed her finger directly in Susan's face. "Listen to me. Now that we are in high school, the kids here are brutal when it comes to stuff like that. Even if it's just water, you must not take any chances. Do not, do NOT try it." Mary-Jane said, then walked off in the direction of the locker rooms. Susan followed her, but she would've perfered to go in the direction of home.

Baseball was really heated up for Susan's team, unfortunatly, she could hardly focus on protecting 3rd base. She was so desperate for a restroom because she drank a lot of water before gym. The coach required everyone to so it looked like Susan was in trouble. The thorny bushes behind the chain-link fence seemed reasonable since she needed to go so bad. She was just dying to physicaly hold herself, but she knew that kids would become aware of her growing need, so she just settled on crossing her legs every now and then. She glanced despreratly at the coach, but she wasn't looking at Susan. Susan was so scared of losing control in front of all these kids, and she remembered Mary-Jane's warning vivdly. She closed her eyes as sweat formed on her forehead and when all seemed lost, the coach blew the whistle. "Good game, ladies and gentlemen. Try again harder next time and we might win something!" she laughed.

Susan darted for the girls' bathroom in the locker room, but all 3 stalls were already occuped. She heard the coach come up behind her. "Could you take this bag of baseball bats to the storage room? My regular helper is out today." Susan's legs were shaking, not just from the strain in her bladder but from the strain of the bag as well. "Yeah, s-sure." she agreed. She opened the door to the storare room and tossed the bag in, not caring weither it made it or not. She raced back to the bathroom but nobody had come out of the stalls yet.

She danced from foot to foot and dressed in a rush, trying hard not to lose control. She heard a toliet flush and a girl walk out and Susan almost kocked the girl over running. Susan felt a hot spurt come out and soak her baby blue panties. She almost cried out and raced to pull her tights down. She felt 2 more spurts come out and she knew she wouldn't make it if she pulled her panties down. She sat down on the toliet, panties still fully on, and began urinating. The urine clung to the fibers of her underwear and spread, making her crotch and butt completely soaked. The underwear absorped some of the pee, so most of it sropepd into the toliet.

The sound was like a faucet that was running but had something blocking it. Susan took deep breaths, not believeing she just wet herself. She knew she couldn't put her tights and skirt on over her wet panties, and she wasn't too daring to wear tights with no panties. "Should I or should I not?" she asked herself. She tested how wet the panties were, and they splooshed when she squeesed them. "Ugh, I can't put them on like this!" she cried. She figured since she was just going to the nurse's office, no panties would have to do. She pulled the tights up and placed the wet panties in her dress pocket. She was embrassed, but accepted the thought. She didn't bother flushing since hardly anything came out. She made a beeline for the nurse's office.

"Hello dear, is something wrong?" the nurse asked Susan. Susan was suddenly even more embrassed. "Um, I, uh, I um, I kinda," she stammered. She grasped the bottom of her skirt and blushed. The nurse seemed to understand. "How about we call your parents so they can bring you some clean panties and we'll wash your wet ones?" she asked. Susan smiled. She had no idea why she was even worried to begin with.

"How was Home Ec?" Des asked Mary-Jane. Mary-Jane shrugged. "Fine, I guess. Nothing major happened. Though if it's possible to get high on lemonade, I just did!" she giggled. The other girls laughed. "Good thing it's the end of the day," Em said. She was chewing her gum in a very loudly rude way and popping it whenever some boy tried to lift her skirt up. "I had about 6 sodas today! It's so not good for my image, but I couldn't stop! School soda sure beats that flat crap they give me at home." Em stated. Mary-Jane sat on the steps next to Susan, who was reading a book. Mary-Jane couldn't sit still there and kept standing up, crossing her legs and bending her knees. "Mary-Jane, what's wrong?" Des asked her friend. Mary-Jane smiled, embrassed.

"Oh, it's nothing. Nothing you need to get worried about!" She bent over and clutched her crotch, and this the girls noticed. "Mary-Jane," Des asked, giggling, "Do you have to pee or something?" Mary-Jane gasped. "WHAT?! Me, need to pee? Oh, hell no! I'm fine, perfectly fine!" She moved her hands to prove her point walked around. She placed her feet up really high in the air like she was marching. At one point, her foot was partly in the air when she blushed and bent down. She grasped her crotch and a hissing sound was heard. 

"Ack! It's coming out!" Mary-Jane cried out and bent over, clutching her crotch, but it made the urine soak her skirt more. "I can't stop it!" Mary-Jance started crying and lost her balence, falling over onto the concerte pavement. The urine took this chance and gushed out full blast, forming a golden puddle around the embrassed girl. Her skirt looked ink black and it was soaked from top to bottom. "I told you I got high on lemonade." she laughed sheeplesly. Susan groaned in disgust. "I hope nobody saw you," she told her friend as she heped her up. Some loose drops dropped and splished into the puddle. Mary-Jane looked around. "Nah, nobody's around. I'm fine." She bent over and pretended to smooth her skirt, but Susan really knew that she was trying to hide the stain.

Des started dancing around ahortly after. "Des? You alright?" the girls questioned her. Des held her finger up to show she'd be fine in a minute. She moved slowly and surely over to a bush and, looking both ways, sqautted. She didn't bother to remove her skirt or panties because she wanted to feel the warmth. Shortly after, she ran back over to the girls, her skirt slightly still reeking of urine. "Did, did you, just, um," Mary-Jane asked. Des nodded.

"Wow, you are way braver then me. I would die if I had to sqaut in the shrubs!" Des laughed and pulled her skirt up, revealing her green panties with red and pink rosebuds on them. "Um, guys?" Em asked. "What? Don't tell me you have to pee also?" Susan asked. She opened up her book and started reading again. "Um, I wish I didn't have all those sodas now!" Em cried. "What should I do? What should I do?!" she paniced, hopping from foot to foot. "Hide it!" Mary-Jane suggested. "Sqaut in the bushes!" Des suggested, still exposing her panties. "Remove your skirt and go entirely in your panties!" Susan called, still remembering the incedent from that morning. Em nodded, but she didn't have any time to do those things.

She blushed and grasped her crotch, shaking her legs. "Aah! It's coming out! It's coming out!" she cried. The girls gasped. Susan slammed her book shut and rushed over to help. "OH MY GOD EM! Are you alright?!" Susan screeched. Em pushed her off. "Go away, I'm going to pee myself!" she cried. "Get up, maybe you can still make it to the bushes," Des said. Em nodded, but, when she got up, she bent over to tie her shoe and it was all over. A strange hissing sound, just like Mary-Jane's was the only sound that was heard. A yellow stream trickled from her legs and splashed onto the concrete, making a splishing splashing sound. Em's pink and white striped panties slowly darkened, and everyone behind her had a full veiw. Some 7th grade boys walking home stopped and pointed, giggling and laughing. Em fell onto her knees, sobbing. "I've totally humliated myself!" she cried. The hissing sound ceased and there was a puddle evne bigger then Mary-Jane's around the poor girl.

Susan helped her friend up. "Hey, we all peed ourselves today and looked like fools doing it as well. Now, we can all laugh about it." she said. Em sniffled and wiped her nose with her arm. "Y-you, you really mean it?" Mary -Jane jumped in. "Hell yeah she means it! Nothing, not even wet panties will sepreate us!" she laughed. Des dropped her skirt and grabbed the girls' stuff. "Plus, nobody actually saw us do it. So, we are still safe." she said. Mary-Jane nodded. "Don't forget that rule, people!" she laughed. "Well, tomorow, I heard we are supposed to be studying the water cycle in Science. I think we can offically call this our own personal water cycle!" Des winked, and the girls all laughed. They were going to be friends for a long time.

