The Bungee Ride

Author: Peafowl

*000*2021-03-15 22:15

Khorijin Dodai stared nervously up the duel spires and slung seat. It towered over what looked like 200 metres, and looked like it was made of nothing more than scaffolding and rope. This was the latest attraction in the amusement park she and her family were visiting for the day, the tallest drop-ride in Asia, a bungee-slung seat that would be raised in the air and dropped to safely yet intensely bounce up and down. Khorijin was an 18 year old Mongolian girl in a light summer dress for the hot weather, celebrating her secondary school graduation with her parents and cousins at the amusement park. Two years ago she would have been thrilled to try such an extreme ride, having quite a love for intense coasters as a teenager, but now she had second thoughts looking at the new ride.

"I thought you loved these rides!" cheered her mother, her father and two older siblings giving her encouragement next to her.

"I don't know," Khorijin replied, "It just looks so....*gulp* high."

"Says the girl who wanted to go sky-diving when she was 15!" replied her father.

"That was just something I said, I didn't actually mean it!" Khorijin protested.

However, the cheering of her family encouraged her to hop in line, as she scanned her park ticket and looked back at her family to cheerfully wave. The line was quite long, full of tourists from China, America, and Russia, many who were probably vloggers who wanted to milk as many views as they could while the ride was still new. Khorijin waited patiently, scouring her phone for memes. However, the line progressed at a crawl, only taking four passengers at a time, with some sixty people in line.

An hour passed and Khorijin was about three quarters the way there, and it was at this point she started to feel a pressure in her abdomen. I should probably use the toilet after this, she thought to herself, expecting to either wait fifteen minutes, or just give up on the line. Fortunately, a group of teenagers chickened out of the ride and left the line, leaving Khorijin and three others, two male and one female vloggers, to board the ride. The safety personnel fastened the restraints, and waited for a thumbs up to launch the ride. Khorijin's legs squeezed and crossed slightly, but she thought nothing of it since she figured it would only take at most five minutes to finish the ride and get to a toilet.

The bungee chords were lifted, and the car was hoisted slowly into the air. Khorijin's legs dangled down, as she chuckled in gratitude that her restraint crossed between her legs, blocking the view up her skirt from the passers by below. Her gut began to churn and wrench as the anticipation of high adrenalin motion grew. She was both terrified and excited, while she could hear the other passengers make constant noise at their mounted go-pros. She could only understand the Australian vlogger since she learned English instead of Russian as a child, but she rolled her eyes. These people are trying to get millions of views on Youtube while I just want to enjoy the ride! she smugly thought to herself.

After a few minutes the ride reached the top. Khorijin looked down and gulped. Her legs squeezed tight as the fear of the height caused her to almost pee a little. By now all her excitement was gone, she was just terrified. T-this is too high! she thought, I want to go down now! The ride remained ominously suspended for several seconds until-....

.... nothing happened. She was supposed to free-fall into a gradual bounce, but the ride stayed suspended. She looked around and saw sparks shooting out of the tower mechanism. She squeezed herself tight, THE RIDE IS B-BROKEN! she thought in terror. She couldn't hear the intercom from that height, but she could see the entire line below disperse as park staff started shunting people away. Though terrified, the vloggers had a gala of a time filming their predicament. Khorijin took deep breaths, reminding herself about how unlikely it was to be killed on an amusement park ride. Her need to pee was starting to grow, as the seconds became minutes just staying suspended hundreds of feet above the ground with dangling legs.

Almost twenty minutes passed with nothing happening. The vloggers were still screaming at their cameras, but Khorijin remained silent in her own world of fear. Her legs squeezed, twisted, and tied as best they could with the restraints. She was growing desperate enough to need to grab her crotch, but she couldn't reach around the restraints. All she could do was squeeze her thighs and hope they'd apply enough pressure to her bursting bladder. A little squirt squeezed out and left a cold damp dot on her white cotton panties. Her entire body shivered as she remained unsure what was happening with the ride.

It got worse when she noticed flashing lights on the ground. Emergency vehicles had entered the area, and quite many, mostly firefighters. It seemed the park did not have this broken ride under control, and Khorijin got more nervous, spritzing her panties a little. I want to come down, I want to come down! she begged to herself. The vlogger next to her started noticing her desperation, and commented on it.

Even though they spoke Chinese, Khorijin could tell they were absolutely referring to her need for a toilet, as the the vlogger imitated and mocked her movements. She then heard in plain English the Australian vlogger catch on and subtly tease her though. Khorijin blushed hard and tried to make her squirming more subtle, but she gave them the benefit of the doubt that the vloggers may have thought Khorijin would share humor in her own desperation. Unfortunately, making her movements more subtle made it harder to hold, and another squirt made it through, causing her to flinch and clench harder, easily noticed by all three Vloggers now.

Just as it seemed it couldn't get worse, she could hear a distant patter grow into a roar. A news chopper had made its way close to the ride, with a film crew on board filming the predicament. Khorijin correctly assumed they were getting footage of the latest amusement park disaster to hit breaking news, but her entire body shot red in embarrassment as her desperation was being filmed on live TV. Though it was certainly not the intended focus of the news chopper flying in, they did seem to take suspiciously longer sweeps around her than around the vloggers. Khorijin sniffed, Just leave me alone please, I want to come down! as the Vloggers continued to have a wild time. Her legs twisted like tangled earphones, but without her hands to help, and her restraints keeping her legs slightly separated, she continued to squirt little spurts of pee until a ping-pong ball sized wet spot formed around her crotch.

Soon, Khorijin's heart skipped. SNAP! Her restraint suddenly got looser. She looked down and saw the buckle between her legs had snapped off, leaving a gap she could slip slowly through. "HELP!" she screamed. Her legs instinctively bunched together to both maintain balance and hold in the shot of pee that nearly spurted out in fear. The Chinese vlogger next to her dropped her go-pro to immediately try to grab her, but her restraints made it impossible for her to reach her. Now it seemed like the Vloggers gave a damn about the situation, but it was too ate, Khorijin was afraid for her life! The helicopter could not close in to attempt rescue her out of fear that the bungee would destroy the rotor.

Khorijin slowly slipped out of her seat, her dress clinging to the leather. I'M SLIPPING, AND OUT OF MY DRESS! she screamed to herself, praying she would be safe. She continued to slip until her shoulders got caught on the side strap. She was securely held in place, the straps she got caught on were specifically designed as a failsafe. As uncomfortable as she was in a free-hanging by her shoulders, she was safe now. Unfortunately, her dress had rode up as she slipped down, and now the bottom of her dress was only down to her belly, her entire bottom half of her body hanging bare in nothing but panties. She kicked and twisted, simultaneously trying to hold her pee and shake her skirt back down, but it was no use. Her panties were on mass media now.

Khorijin felt a sudden jerk as the ride started to descend slowly back to Earth. They had managed to fix the ride enough to bring the passengers back down. Despite this, Khorijin was still screaming in terror, dangling half naked and desperate to pee. Too desperate now. She twisted and turned to try and hold a bit longer, but just as the ride got low enough to for people to see close up she lost control, a stream seeping through her panties and falling in a small waterfall from 25 metres in the air. Her bladder emptied as her abdomen was consumed in the satisfying feeling of relieved pressure. But Khorijin's screams turned into a cry as she humiliated herself in front of hundreds of people for a solid 40 seconds. As bad as it was, she knew that NOW nothing could get worse.

SNAP!

Her failsafe strap snapped, and she completely slipped out of her seat...and dress...and fell to the Earth. Thankfully, it was a 5 metre fall, and a little clumsy side-roll saved her from any injury. But as she got up she became fully aware that she was in nothing but a bra and soaked panties in front of a hundred people, many who were vlogging, and a new chopper. Khorijin was frozen in embarrassment, her cheeks blood red. She didn't know how to react. After a few moments of shivering she covered herself with her arms and curled her body, trying to hide as much of her exposed self as possible to no avail. Her parents stormed through the crowd, her siblings going for the dress to put it back on their humiliated sister. The family shunted her out of the crowd, and quickly out of the park, to get back into the car and figure out how to salvage Khorijin's day.

There were no words in the car. Her parents weren't quite sure how to approach the situation, as Khorijin stayed reserved in the back, occasionally plucking at her panties under her dress as they got itchy and rode.

"How about we just stay at home for a few days, just the family, and have good food" her father suggested. Khorijin gave a nod, and slumped farther into her seat as she attempted to process what happened over the last two hours as she continued to blush. She slumped further...and further....now Khorijin was wondering how deep her own car seat was, until she slipped through, erupting out of a laying position. She looked around, and saw her room, and herself sitting in a very soaked bed, her bed shorts soaked through. She let out deep breaths and fell back on the bed, relieved that her entire ordeal was simply a bad dream.

