Medieval Woes

Author: dolodi

*000*2013-10-25 16:03

"Cinder!" Kayla cried, holding out her padded arm. She patiently waited as her Hawk dove from the sky and landed gracefully upon her arm. She had named the Hawk after her gray feathers, with streaks of black, and her unusual red eyes. She carefully carried Cinder to Carriage, and opened up her cage, letting Cinder hop down, and proceeded to latch it shut. Satisfied, Kayla went to her horse, a magnificent beast of pure white of the finest breed the Kingdom has yielded yet. She carefully untied Celestial’s reins from a nearby tree, and led her over to her escort, whom were waiting a couple yards back.

Kayla only agreed with the escort and the carriage because it was her Father’s wish if she were to leave the city, but now she was greatful for it, for she was not feeling at her best, and wished to travel back to the city in the quiet and shade of her carriage. Kayla was also glad for the fact that she had not brought any Nobles with her on this hunting trip, for she had no wish to ‘play’ their games at the moment, and accommodate them when all she needed right now was rest.

“Sir Andrews! Will you escort Celestial back to the castle? I am feeling unwell, and wish to reside in my carriage for the journey home.”

“My Lady, but of course, I do so hope to see you in better spirits when we arrive.” With that, he dismounted and tied Celestial’s reins to the back of his Charger, before calling his company to file. Kayla watched as her personal guard assembled around her carriage, One scout ahead of the group, two knights in front of the carriage, one on either side, four behind the carriage, and a rear guard further back, of two. She then entered her carriage, for a much needed respite from the heat.

The journey itself could have been considered uneventful, if not for the troublesome stories foriegners in the city are telling about the ‘going-ons’ outside the city walls. Roves of bandits are roaming the country side, as well as a new sect that has formed causing the King new strife every passing week. After about two hour’s tense ride, they finally made it back to the main road, where the journey proceeded on a much smoother more relaxed pace. Inside the carriage, the Princess let out a breath she had not realized she had been holding. She knew her father only let her out on this trip because she had been cooped up in the castle for 3 months, barely let out even into the city. That didn’t however diminish the fact that though she welcomed the gift, she was terrified to be in the wilderness in such troubled times. Now that they were on the main road, however, her heart had stopped hammering, for there were outposts stationed every couple of leagues.

Now with these troubling thoughts aside, she could focus on other things. She became more aware of the things around her. Like for instance, Cinder had a rather reproachful look about her, after being ignored for two hours. And the fact, she would need to seek relief soon, but the latter would have to wait, for she had left her handmaiden at the castle for a day off, and she could not reach the laces of her gown. As for the former, her Hawk was now ignoring her, so she decided to use this time to sleep. Her last thoughts before she did indeed drift off were, Looks like these rumors are just that.… rumors.

Sorry for how short this installment is and how scattered it seems, I promise it will clear up, I just got carried away with details and side notes, that I tried to cram them in… Yea, it’s a bit cluttered, any way review, review, review! Would love to hear your opinions so far, whether it may be criticism or praise!

