Gobba needs to go

Author: Lugia

*000*2014-12-26 10:23

This was originally an rp that I took part in but with some lines edited out and others altered.

Flain: *walking in Mixel Park* *sees Gobba drinking a ton of water from a drinking fountain* *goes over to him* How much water have you drank Gobba?

Gobba: *Stops drinking* I dunno. What day is it?

Flain: Thursday.

Gobba: *Thinks* I've drank... a lot of water.

Flain: Wait what did that have to do with anything?

Gobba: *shrugs*

Flain: Yeah anyway all that water is going to reach your bladder eventually you know. And there's no place where you can go nearby.

Gobba: Haha! Don't be ridiculous! It'll take a while before it reaches my bladder.

Flain: Hmm..... we'll see. I'll stay with you to help make sure you don't wet yourself.

Gobba: Okay. Your choice. I've had enough water. Time for a walk! *Starts to walk away*

Flain: *follows Gobba*

Gobba: *Walks all the way around Mixel land back to where they started*

Flain: All that water hit your bladder yet?

Gobba: Nope. *Sits down. A gurgling sound is heard from Gobba's gut*

Flain: You sure?

Gobba: Sort of. *The gurgling continues* AAAH! I need to go! *Runs to an open spot, chews away a hole* Hope this works.

Flain: Gobba that's not gonna work. C'mon I'll help you find a bathroom.

Gobba: Hurry! *Runs in circles*

Flain: *they look all over Mixel park but don't find a single bathroom* Well there's no bathroom in Mixel park. We'll have to look somewhere else.

Gobba: *Why're there no bathrooms?!

Flain: Dunno. Let's just keep looking outside of Mixel park. *they search different stores and such but still are unable to find a bathroom* Sorry Gobba.

Gobba: Why can't we find any?! BAAH!

Flain: How close are you to wetting yourself?

Gobba: *Holds up hands* This close.

Flain: So pretty close?

Gobba: Yes!

Flain: Hmm...... Okay since my house is closest let's just go there. But it will take about 15 to 30 minutes to get there. Think you can hold it that long?

Gobba: Let's just hurry!

Flain: Okay. *they head to Flain's house but by the time they get there Gobba doesn't know if he'll make it in time* Here we are. Just let me unlock the door. Do you think you can make it to the bathroom? *looks at Gobba and sees that he's barely hanging on* *thinking* Yeah he's probably not going to make it in time.

Gobba: Where's the bathroom? Hurry! *Shaking and almost unable to hold it at all*

Flain: Back there. *points* I have a feeling you're not going to make it though.

Gobba: Got it! *Crashes into the bathroom and closes the door*

Flain: *near the bathroom door* Did you make it?

Gobba: Yes! Barely! But yeah!

Flain: What do you mean barely?

Gobba: I missed the door! I crashed through the wall, then had to run even more to get to it.

Flain: You didn't leak did you?

Gobba: No.

Flain: Okay. Because if you did you'd have to be the one to clean it up.

Gobba: *finishes and flushes* Done.

Flain: Okay. You were in there for about a minute.

Gobba: Yeah, so?

Flain: Nothing I just didn't think you'd be in there that long. Seriously though if you had wet yourself on my floor you would've had to clean it up.

Gobba: Well, I didn't. And what do you mean that long?

Flain: I thought maybe you'd be in there around half a minute but not a whole minute.

Gobba: I was drinking a lot of water.

Flain: I know.

THE END - NEH EDT

Alternate ending

Flain: Hmm...... Okay since my house is closest let's just go there. But it will take about 15 to 30 minutes to get there. Think you can hold it that long?

Gobba: Let's just hurry!

Flain: Okay. *they head to Flain's house but by the time they get there Gobba doesn't know if he'll make it in time* Here we are. Just let me unlock the door. Do you think you can make it to the bathroom? *looks at Gobba and sees that he's barely hanging on* *thinking* Yeah he's probably not going to make it in time.

Gobba: Where's the bathroom? Hurry! *Shaking with his hands against his bladder and almost unable to hold it at all*

Flain: Back there. *points* I have a feeling you're not going to make it though.

Gobba: Got it! *trips on his way to the bathroom causing his hands to leave their position and him to lose control*. Oh no! *lying on the floor wetting himself* * puddle of urine is growing around him* oooohhhhhh And I was so close.

Flain: *shows up* Hey Gobba did you make it to the bathroom in time? *stops as he sees Gobba sitting in the growing puddle of urine*

Gobba: No. *the puddle stops growing as the stream of urine dies down into a trickle and then stops completely after his bladder spent one minute emptying itself* I tripped and fell before I reached the bathroom and I lost control.

Flain: sorry man. Anyway since it's your pee I would appreciate it if you cleaned it up.

Gobba: I was just about to tell you I will.

Flain: okay thanks. Feel free to take a shower afterwards.

Gobba: okay

THE END - NEH EDT

As always your thoughts on this would be appreciated I know it's not as good as other things I posted but eh. Also if you have any Mixels omo requests let me know .

