Are these criteria okay for fiction posts?

Author: DesperateToes

*000*2018-07-25 15:05

Hi all,

So I'm considering posting a series of one-shots about two OC's of mine, but I'd like to clarify that the following traits of the series are appropriate for this website:

1. Does each entry have to be *exclusively* about omo? See, the thing is, I picture the bond between these two as having omo as one of the central connections, but it is far from the only thing that brings these two together. And I would also like to detail the other quirky things that bind them.

2. I'm not a pedophile. But I pictured romantic bonds between the two happening as early as high school (they are the same age), and their discovery of omo happening even before that (because, well, *I* knew I was turned on by omo when I was very young.) Still though, should I refrain from posting detailed stories from the below 18 phase of their lives that involve omo? (The adult part is even richer in material, but I feel the youth part provides ample leadup and allows you to see how their friendship progresses.)

3. Would it also be fine for one of the characters to have radical political/social views? Not to glorify them, but just for exhibition. Stuff including racism and general far-right/alt-right viewpoints. The other character would disapprove of those views however.

Let me know if these criteria are fine for posting here, and if this series is something you all would potentially be interested in reading about.

