Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 6

Author: omobecca

*102*2019-12-10 01:26

The School Trip - Part 6

Lula stepped onto the coach in a huff. She cradled her pillow in her folded arms.

He must hate me now. He thinks I’m avoiding him. Everything’s ruined. Rosie hates me. She thinks it’s my fault. Should never have come on this stupid trip. Why would she even do that ‘game’?

Lula picked a pair of seats a few rows in front of the toilet and slumped over towards the window. She hugged her pillow tightly and stared out the window towards the sea. It was still dark grey and rough. The waves rolled and slapped against the beach. She felt like he wanted to cry. She had no idea where she stood with her best friend and boyfriend? Is he my boyfriend? We both said… I don’t know…

Students shuffled past and down the aisle. She ignored the passing conversations. She pushed her earphones in and began to drown out everyone and everything. She fought hard to stop her eyes swelling.

Lula felt a heavy slump beside her. She ignored it. She felt a solid weight rest on her left shoulder. An arm slithered underneath her own and squeezed it tight. Lula still refused to react.

Nothing happened for a while. The coach rumbled and the seats gently vibrated as it started moving off. Lula felt a tug at her arm. She sighed and rubbed the sleeve of her jumper over her eyes. She pulled out her left headphone and finally turned round.

“What?” she asked.

“Sorry” murmured Rosie.

“What for?” Lula asked bluntly.

“I was excited for you. I was too forceful”

“You were a bit, yeah”

“I thought you’d want to talk about it”

“I didn’t think you’d follow through with…” Lula began to speak but Rosie squeezed her arm tighter. Rosie shook her head. Lula shifted her heard to see Rosie was wearing a pair of black leggings and was drowning in an oversized blue hoodie. She was cuddled up to Lula and both her legs were folded onto the seat.

I don’t get it. She’s literally been my rock for the last few months and always so confident but the moment something happens it’s like she comes to me for support? Like I’m more… powerful? Nah. More mature?

“Nothing happened though” Lula eventually admitted.

“Nothing?”

“Nothing”

“That would have been really easy to admit earlier” Rosie said gently, looking up at Lula.

“Like I said. I never thought you’d actually…” Rosie shook her head again and nestled her head into Lula’s arm.

Lula pulled away.

“I can’t keep doing this” she admitted sternly. Rosie looked up astonished.

“What?” she asked shyly.

“This… like… you’re happy and confident then you… have a… you know… and you shut me out. Like earlier. I don’t like it” Lula’s heart was thumping as she was admitting her annoyance. Rosie scrunched p her face.

“I don’t want to be a bitch but is this not all… weird? The… pee stuff?” Lula asked, lowering the sound of her voice as she said the word pee.

“I… have to live with it?” Rosie admitted. Lula immediately felt bad. She’d convinced herself Rosie was just messing about every time.

“Sorry”

“You thought it wasn’t… real?” Rosie asked, moving away from Lula’s arm.

“Not that” Lula looked away.

“What then?”

“I don’t know. It’s just hard for me to…”

“Hard for you?” Rosie’s tone lowered.

“I didn’t mean… I thought…. You might… It might… be a like, thing?” Lula struggled to get her words out.

“A thing?”

“Yeah like, you like it? You’ve never actually answered that?”

“Why, do you?” Rosie deflected, once again. Lula shifted in her seat.

“I asked you” Lula threw back. Rosie looked away, still leaning into Lula’s shoulder.

“Eating” Rosie murmured.

“Sorry, eating?” Lula asked.

“Breathing. Sleeping” Rosie continued.

“What?!” Lula asked, confused.

“Walking. Drinking. Peeing”

“What are you on about?”

“You get used to doing these things” Rosie continued, still looking away.

“Okay?”

“They become normal, right? You just… do them? Know them? Get used to them? That’s what I’ve had to do. I’d stop it if I could but can’t. I’ve wished for it to stop. I want it to stop. I don’t want to worry” Rosie admitted. Lula couldn’t believe what her friend was saying. This was the most she’d ever said about the topic. She tensed her arm and squeezed Rosie’s arm which was interlocking her own.

“Could you imagine? Living with it?” Rosie asked, looking back at Lula. The eye contact felt awkward.

“Just imagine. Hiding it from your friends. Hiding it from everyone. Having to try and control it. Then BAM” Lula jumped at the suddenness.

“Your best friend might understand. You might be able to open up and speak about it. Admit it” Lula was starting to feel awful. Is she guilt tripping me? Is she being serious?

“So no… I don’t like it but I’m used to it. I just hate when it happens when I don’t want it to”

“You’re okay when you control it?” Lula mustered up the courage to ask. Rosie sighed.

“Yeah. Like you” Rosie replied. Lula’s heart skipped a beat.

What does she mean like me? Anyone can control it right? Am I thinking too much into this because I like it?

Lula didn’t know how to respond.

“Like now” Rosie eventually continued.

“What?”

“Now” Rosie carried on. She looked down and lifted her left leg slightly. Within seconds a pulse of wetness formed in the crotch of her black leggings. As quickly as it shone, it disappeared. She lowered her leg.

“What the…” Lula began.

“In control” Rosie said calmly.

“Why…”

“Look, if I wanted I could soak this whole seat right now but I won’t”

“No, don’t!”

“So could you if you wanted”

“I wouldn’t…”

“Exactly. The only thing stopping you if you not wanting to”

“…Right” Lula agreed.

“Does that answer your question?”

Lula paused for a while. She’s right. I don’t ‘want’ to pee in the seat. Neither does she. But she wanted to wet in the woods on those walks home? She wanted to wet in the cinema? She wanted to wet in the taxi? She wanted to wet the bed? She wanted ‘me’ to wet the bed? She wanted to wet last night after the beach? She didn’t want to this morning. OH! She WANTED to those other times. She DOES want to. Sometimes? Maybe? She knows she can control it but… for ease? She knows she can get away with it? No one knows? She likes it?

“I think so?” Lula questioned.

“That’s what I’m trying to figure out. Whether you understand all that? And I think you do otherwise you wouldn’t have when I’ve asked?”

Lula didn’t respond. She knew Rosie was right. She was oh so right.

“Well?” Rosie asked.

How does she always go from confident to victim to confident again?

“Well what?” Lula asked with ignorance.

“Why did you agree to do it all those times?”

Lula felt her face pulsating with heat.

“Because yoouu wanted to…too?” Rosie asked.

Lula clenched her right fist and tightly grasped the pillow. She wanted to close her eyes and go to sleep. She wanted this conversation to be over. She sighed.

“I…” she began.

“Like it?” Rosie asked.

Lula took a deep breath. She slumped her head into the back of the seat and tilted her head to look out the window. She slowly nodded. Rosie smiled and snugged back into Lula’s arm. The two said nothing for the rest of the journey.

Lula opened her eyes to the sound of Mrs. Jones talking about cleaning the coach. She took a deep breath and rubbed her eyes. Rosie was still asleep and leaning into Lula’s left side, her arm still interlocked with Lula’s. She gently prodded Rosie who choked slightly and sat bolt upright.

“Huh? Oh” she spluttered as she realised they were back at the school. She looked at Lula and they exchanged smiles. Nothing needed to be said.

One by one the students stepped off the coach and back out into the bitter cold winter air. School had finished about half an hour ago so they were the only students around. A few cars were waiting in the car park. The exhaust fumes were smoking upwards and around each vehicle. The smell of the fumes were quite strong. The cars had obviously been a while.

“Hey”

A bubble surrounded Lula as she was stunned to a halt. She knew that voice.

“About earlier…” Tom continued.

“It’s okay” Rosie interrupted, “I had an accident and Lula was helping me” she seemed bubbly again.

Why the fuck did she just admit that?

“What… oh… okay” Tom murmured.

“Rosie why would you…” Lula began.

“It’s okay. If you trust him then so do I” Rosie smiled. Lula was adamant Rosie had welled up slightly.

“Huh huh, she’s joking” Lula awkwardly stammered. Rosie shook her head in silence mouthing ‘no I’m not’ behind Lula. Tom thought it was comical.

“You trust me?” he joked.

“I’m sorry about earlier” Lula admitted. She could barely look him in the eye.

Tom leaned in for a hug and rested his chin and mouth on Lula’s head. The bubble around Lula shrunk and felt skin tight between the two of them. Her head was once again deep into his chest. She felt comfortable and safe.

Tom pulled away left Lula flustered.

“See you soon?” he questioned, letting go of Lula and walking away. That… went okay?

“Aaawwwwwwrhhhh” Rosie whispered in Lula’s left ear.

“Why did you say that?” Lula snapped, turning to face Rosie.

“You’re welcome?”

“Literally a minute ago you were almost crying into my shoulder and now you’re telling him?”

“You trust him?” Rosie asked.

“What, yes?” Lula replied.

“Then you’re welcome”

Lula sighed, confused.

“Want a lift home?” Rosie asked, point to her Mum’s car. What… yeah, sure.

“Yeah, sure” Lula said, sighing once again.

“Looooolaaaaaa” shrieked Molly, Rosie’s Mum, as they walked towards the car. Molly hopped over to Lula and hugged her.

“Who was that!?” she asked, wide eyed and excitable.

Lula loved Rosie’s Mum. She was always so kind and open.

“Who?” she asked trying to avoid the question.

“Mum, stop asking Lula about her boyfriend” Rosie joked.

“A… a BOYfriend?” Molly gasped.

Lula’s heart dropped. She snapped her head in Rosie’s direction and put on her angry face.

“He’s not… we’re not…”

“It’s okay Lula, your secret is safe with us!” she reassured her. All my goddamn secrets better be safe with you both.

Lula noticed that Rosie was shuffling around in the back of the car whilst Molly kept asking questions about the trip. Lula still felt annoyed that Rosie had straight up said to her Mum about Tom.

“What did you both do?” Moly asked enthusiastically.

“We did some stuff on the beaches and had loads of free time this morning” Lula responded.

“Ooh, what did you do this morning?”

Rosie rolled her eyes.

“Well, we just checked the shops”

“Anything nice?” Molly kept looking up into the rear view mirror to look at Lula as they exchanged words.

“Just lots of stuff” Lula replied. She loved Molly but damn could she talk.

*tap tap tap*

Lula looked down at her hand then up at Rosie. Rosie’s expression had changed. Her thighs were pressed tightly together and her calves one over the other. Lula lowered her eyebrows and gestured ‘no’ by shaking her head. Rosie shrugged her shoulders and nodded towards her Mum, raised her eyebrows and quickly nodded.

“What?” Lula mouthed.

“It’s okay” Rosie mouthed back. She scrunched her face then looked down. She tapped Lula’s hand a few more times. Lula looked down also. A quick stream of liquid shot from Rosie’s crotch and between her legs. It began to pool between her thighs. Lula sat there wide eyed.

“What the fuck?!” she mouthed to Rosie.

“Do anything good on the beach?” Molly asked.

“Uh, what? Oh, nah, it was… research? For the GCSE students” Lula was trying to answer the question and stare at Rosie at the same time.

“Ahh, must have been nice to get away for a few days though?” Molly asked.

A shallow pool began to form underneath Rosie’s backside. The leather car seat allowed the pee to form and spread.

“Yeah?” asked Molly.

“What, oh, yeah” Lula replied.

She’s said before her Mum knows. She’s okay with it? I think Rosie said that before. But why now? Is she proving a point? What will Molly say?

The stream quickly subsided. The black leather seat shone as the car passed streetlights. It seemed as if Rosie’s leggings had absorbed the all the puddle other than what was obviously beneath Rosie’s backside in the dip of the seat.

How many times has she done that in the car?

“What the fuck?” Lula mouthed again.

“It’s okay” Rosie whispered.

“What?” Molly asked, looking into the rear view mirror again.

“Nothing” Rosie responded.

Has Molly seen? Does she know? Is she used to it? Did she ignore it?The car pulled up outside Lula’s house and she gave thanks to Molly. Molly left the driver’s seat to help Lula get her suitcase from the boot. Rosie waved from the car window as they drove off.

Rosie: “Not the first time it’s happened”

Lula: “Will she not be angry?”

Rosie: “A little bit. She’s used to it though”

Lula: “Can’t believe you did it”

There was no reply after that. Lula slumped down onto her bed and took a deep breath, smelling the freshly washed duvet. Her phone vibrated again. Rosie had sent a picture of her soaking crotch and her fingers holding up a peace sign.

Lula: “Why”

Lula’s hear began to race as she looked at the picture. She was, if anything, jealous.

She’s literally wet four times during this trip. She got away with each one. How does she do it?

*107*2019-12-17 01:20

Personal Promises

It was the Sunday before the last week of school. Christmas was just over a week away. Everyone was tired and excited. It had been only a few days since everyone came home from the school trip.

Saturday had been quiet. So far, the Sunday had been uneventful. Lula shifted her weight on her bed as she sat upright with her pillows folded behind her. It had been a while since she’d been able to spend a few days off. Neither Lula or Rosie had messaged each other since Friday. Is it awkward? Is she still embarrassed? Did she get told off about the car? Does it matter? Just chill. Relax.

Lula had been wondering about the relationship between Rosie and her mother, Molly. She had always known Molly to be cheerful and accepting. She’d always been enthusiastic and like, maybe a bit… oblivious? Had she always been like this because of Rosie’s condition? Was it her way of accepting it? Had she once tried to challenge Rosie’s actions or behaviour? Was she always cheerful to cover up a sense of concern? Lula was only curious because of her own Mother’s actions after she wet the bed. They’d never spoke about it since. She remembered her Mum at the time being very serious. The whole encounter had been uncomfortable.

Lula had also had no communication with Tom since the trip. Once again she felt like she was going through a period of not knowing where she stood. The trip had been really good. There’d been some ups and downs but Lula couldn’t let go of the feeling she had with Tom. No wetting had ever matched that rush of adrenaline, nervousness, and excitement. At the same time, the night with Tom didn’t match the release and full body tingle of a wetting. She wanted to believe that a wetting could never match physical human intimacy but she knew she was kidding herself.

She pulled the cover up and switched off her lamp. The room clicked into darkness as Lula turned onto her side, rustling the duvet. She couldn’t help but lay there wide eyed. Her mind was racing. Is it normal now for me and Rosie to see each other wet? It seems normal. That’s weird. Fucked up even?

Lula: “Ready for tomorrow?”

No response. Lula sighed. Worth a try. Hopefully she’s okay. Hopefully WE’RE okay.

Lula took in a deep breath and hesitated. Her thumbs trembled.

Lula: “Hey x”

No response. Oh, God. He won’t respond. Shitshitshit.

Tom: “Hey”

He responded! Oh, God. Shitshitshit.

Lula: “You okay? x”

Tom: “Yeah you?”

Lula: “Just tired lol x”

Tom: “Same”

Hmm. This is awkward…

Lula: “Are we cool? x”

Lula: “Hello?”

Oh no. What’s going on?

Tom: (o o o)

He’s taking ages to reply. Keeps deleting and starting again. Lula’s heart started to thump in her chest.

Tom: (o o o)

Just wait. He’ll respond.

Tom: “We are but I don’t know how to say it”

SAY WHAT? WHAT? WHAT!

Lula: “Say what?”

Tom: “Can we speak tomorrow?”

Lula: “Can’t we speak now?”

Tom: “Tomorrow please”

What does he mean? What…? Lula’s heart started to slow as it felt like the room was melting around her. She was thinking the worst. Her eyebrows were tense and her eyes began to wobble as they watered. She had already been on a roller coaster of emotions she didn’t know how to handle. Was everything before now just the rise and she was yet to have the fall?

Lula: “I wasn’t avoiding you the other day”

Nothing.

Lula: “Is it something else?”

Nothing.

Lula: “Don’t leave it like this?”

Nothing.

Lula: “What’s going on?”

Nothing.

Lula felt the first tear escape her eye and slither down her cheek onto her pillow. Her phone was shaking in her hands and she felt as if her duvet was swallowing her up. She feebly kicked her legs allowing her feet to pop out the end. She sniffled and forced her phone onto the bed. She covered her face and rolled over onto her back.

Don’t cry. Don’t cry. Don’t cry. It’s okay. It’ll be fine. You’re okay. Don’t cry.

Lula’s hands turned into fists over her face. Her impression of Tom immediately sunk. Why was he avoiding the questions? He’s not been like this before. Are we even together? We both said…

Lula’s body shook and her head jolted as she began to cry. The quiet weekend was finishing on a downward spiral. She wanted to lash out and throw things. The thrills of wettings and intimacy were too much to handle and Lula still hadn’t known how to react to her overwhelming emotions. But now… she felt like she was drowning. The duvet was now too restraining. She violently flailed her legs and the duvet was kicked off to the side of the bed. She clasped a pillow from behind her head and pulled it in front of her face. She quietly growled all of her breath into the pillow. She pulled the pillow against her head tighter as if it suffocate herself. As she ran out of air she pulled the pillow away and inhaled deeply. This air was cold and fresh. She took a few more deep breaths. She threw the pillow towards her feet. Silence.

Lula just laid there in her long bottoms and loose T Shirt. She stared at the ceiling of her room in the darkness. Boredom has turned to curiosity which had turned to warmth which had turned to fear which had finally turned to anger. Lula didn’t know how to react. She knew she hated direct conflict. She hated not knowing.

Lula punched down either side of her body onto the mattress and shot her body upwards. She sighed with her eyes closed.

Fuck it.

It was late. Both Lula’s parents were asleep. She lifted up the end of her mattress and shuffled for the plastic bag. She grabbed it and lifted it up. She dropped the edge of the mattress back down. From the plastic bag, Lula pulled out another bag and then she smelled the faint waft of dried pee. In her hand she had her white knickers with the red and blue floral pattern. She quickly undressed and stepped into the underwear, pulling then up so they hugged her waist. Thinking on her feet, Lula turned and pulled out a drawer. She found a pair of spandex shorts and stepped into those too, followed by her loose pyjama bottoms. Lula crept out of her bedroom and tiptoed towards the bathroom before locking herself in.

Safe. Strangely, the one place she felt the most safe. Locked away. No one but herself. No one could see. No one could interfere.

Lula quickly stepped out of the pyjama bottoms and pulled down the spandex shorts to below her knees. Different. What’s different?

She looked at the cupboard in the corner of the room and considered putting in a few pads. That felt like a waste. Maybe a good idea for when she needed them? How have I never thought of that before? Hmmm.

Another turn of the body and Lula stared at a half-used toilet roll. Lula huffed to herself. She pulled off a long strip of the roll and folded it up. She places it into the front of her knickers. Lula repeated the process. Her underwear began to feel stuffed, uncomfortable, and unnatural. Her thighs were no longer softly touching as se squeezed the tough bulge of toilet paper between her legs. Will this actually work? Huh.

Lula sat onto the toilet. Her calves restricted by the elasticated spandex shorts. She shifted on the seat and physically moved the front of her knickers around so the toilet paper felt central on her crotch. Feeling like she had nothing left to lose, Lula relaxed and began to dribble some pee for about two seconds. She felt the warm pee absorb as it left her and leak somewhat underneath her. She looked down and touched the front of the knickers. No stain. No leak. Nice.

She sat back again and let go for longer; this time for about four seconds. Same again though. She felt the warmth but also felt the pee absorb into the toilet paper. No stain. No leak. Fine then. Fuck it.

Lula closed her eyes and let go one last time. In the silence of the night, Lula heard a compressed hiss below her as she let the pee flow. She felt her crotch and skin become wet and warm. The pee soaked the toilet paper around her vagina and spread underneath her towards her backside. For about six seconds there was no sound of pee hitting the toilet water. This is working!

The sound of hissing pee turned into a bubbling gurgle sound. Lula knew the toilet paper was reaching its limit and must be saturated. She felt a small leak of pee outside the area covered by the toilet paper and underwear as a dribble tickled her skin beside her backside. A few droplets fell towards the toilet water. These droplets were followed by a dribble and then a stream. Lula placed her hand over the front of her knickers. The toilet paper had increased in size from where it had absorbed her pee. Her underwear was soft a=to touch. As she applied pressure to her front, her fingers pressed into the underwear and then soaked paper. There was a slight squelch as her fingers pushed into the soaked paper beneath her underwear. Lula’s heart was racing as she began to lose her breath. The feeling was coming back; the feeling she could always rely on. The feeling that never let her down.

The stream died down and Lula sat there flustered. She calmed down her breathing. To her surprise, the toilet paper had absorbed most of her pee. She patted her underwear and got her hands damp. She felt her vagina pulsating beneath the wet compression surrounding her crotch. She grabbed the underwear and pushed some pee out. It dribbled to the water. She scrunched up some dry paper and pressed it against her underwear in an attempt to dry it all out. After a while she gave up and pulled up her shorts. The tight spandex pressed against the wetness. As she rubbed the material she felt the pee leak through and form darker wet patches in the wet spandex, especially between her legs. What now?

Lula stepped over to the bathtub and sat on the edge. The squishy layer of soaking wet toilet paper pressed against her skin as she sat on the edge of the tub. Once again, she had one leg in the tub and one leg out. She grinded slowly and gently over the edge and felt the soaking wet paper rub against her. The feeling was sensational. Despite being careful not to make too much sound, Lula’s head was swirling as she felt the paper tear and leak in her underwear. After a few minutes of grinding she stood back up and slumped onto the toilet seat. With the paper all shifted and distorted beneath her, Lula was losing the sensation she was holding onto, She sat back one final time and began rub in a small circular motion over the top of the spandex. Hear heartbeat turned from a continuous beat to a deep double bass. Her toes scrunched into the floor as the bottom of her back tensed and arched slightly. What’s…. Oh…. This is….

Dumbfounded by this newest sensation, Lula felt as if her bladder was full again and very quickly released one more time. Whereas a pee normally feels purposeful, this was more aggressive and more instant. She felt a bullet of, what she assumed to be pee, escape her and soak her once again. The saturated and torn toilet paper weren’t much of a match. She felt a gentle leak underneath her hands against the shorts. It all happened so quickly. After the shot, Lula felt a buzz of sensation explode from the centre of her body and vibrate her whole body. She instantly stopped rubbing and grabbed her mouth with both hands. She took a few deep breaths and held back a moan. The… f… fuck. She was suddenly exhausted. I ca… I can… I can’t…. Oh… Wow…

Lula had never felt this flustered before. This was everything. Everything from the past few days seemed to have just exploded all at once. She no longer felt aroused or angry or upset or in love. She had felt as high as a kite in that moment and was now slowly coming down from that euphoric moment. She felt cold as the room stopped spinning around her, realising she was just sitting on the toilet in her wet underwear. The high turned into guilt. The guilt turned into disgust. The disgust turned into exhaustion. She slumped on the seat and sighed.

Now I have to clean. I’ve got to wash. I’ve got to hide these. Uh. Fuck sake.

Despite the moaning and groaning, Lula knew she had escaped all negativity for a few minutes. But only minutes. Was it worth it? The mess and the clean up and the hiding… Is it all worth it, really?

After wiping herself down and sneaking her way back to her room, Lula sprayed the wet clothes with perfume and tied them up in the carrier bags hidden under her bed. Her inner thighs still felt dry but sticky as if a layer of pee was still clinging to her skin. There was a faint aroma of pee stuck in her nose. She slipped back into bed and had another look at her phone, feeling both exhausted and deflated.

Rosie: “Yeah, you?”

Oh wow she replied. Twelve minutes ago though… is she still awake?

Lula: “Think so. Tom wants to ‘speak to me’ but is ignoring me now”

Rosie: “Wait wtf why”

Lula: “No idea. He won’t say”

Rosie: “Is it my fault?”

Why did I panic when she didn’t respond? Why do I do this? Why does she think it’s her fault?

Lula: “What no? Why would it be?”

Rosie: “Because I’m stupid and kept you busy the other day”

Lula: “God no”

Rosie: “Sorry”

Lula: “Don’t be! I just don’t know what he wants to say. Idk if we’re even together”

Rosie: “Well you never made it Facebook official”

Lula: “Is that really a thing?”

Rosie: “Obviously”

Lula: “Well I’m worried”

Rosie: “I’ll hurt him if you want?”

Lula: “Why would I want you to do that? How would you even do that?”

Rosie: “SPOILERS”

Lula: “Seriously though what do I do?”

Rosie: “Idk guess we’ll see tomorrow”

Lula: “:(“

Rosie: “If it helps you with your problems, my Mum had told me I need to sort out my problem”

Lula: “Your problem?”

Rosie: “Yes. Apparently I need to be more ‘grown up’ and control my bladder or she’s threatened me with protection”

What does she mean protection? I mean yeah, she’s… we’re fifteen. We should be able to control it all right? Why do I even do it? So weird. DOES that mean she does it on purpose? Oh my God. Her Mum knows she does it on purpose? Protection? Like… nappies? No surely not. Wonder what that feels like. NO. Ew. Really? Hmm.

Lula: “Maybe we could both be more grown up”

Rosie: “Lets do it together then?”

Shit did I just admit to doing it on purpose too? Does she already know? We both know each other likes to do it… right?

Lula: “Deal”

Rosie: “You can’t tell a soul about this though”

Lula: “Obviously what do you take me for?

Rosie: “A girl with a boy problem?”

Bitch.

Lula: “Guilty”

Rosie: “Yes you are”

Lula: “Anyway I’m sleep. See you tomorrow. Thanks for this”

Rosie: “Anytime”

Lula: “Night”

Rosie: “Don’t get the bed bugs wet!”

How do I even respond to that? I won’t. I can’t.

Lula set her morning alarm and locked her phone before putting it on charge.

No more wetting then. If Rosie can do it, IF she actually has a problem, then I can definitely do it; from tonight. No more. Do I wash or throw those knickers…? Maybe wash soon.

We both agreed to grow up. I have to speak to Tom tomorrow. I can’t be quiet and shitty about it anymore. I have to be grown up. No more wetting. Older. Mature. Grown up…

*114*2019-12-23 02:10

Faithfulness and Festivities

Lula had avoided Tom all week. She feared the worst. She didn’t even know if they were together. As the days went by, Lula felt her confidence draining as each hour went by without knowing what was wrong. Every time she saw him in school she awkwardly held her breath and walked the other way. Her stomach tightened and became painful. The worst part? Tom hadn’t actively sought out Lula.

One benefit however, of spending so much time of avoiding Tom allowed Lula to not think about what she had given up. Rosie had also spent the last week pulling Lula away from where Tom was and helping out her friend. Both the girls had pretty much been able to forget their wetting mishaps.

It was now Thursday. Tomorrow was the last day of the winter term. Christmas was next week. Spirits seemed to be high and everyone was ready for the festive season. Lula was sat in Science.

Fifteen minutes left. Uh. Uhhh. Right. Weight is measured in newtons. Mass is measured in kilograms. Gravitational field strength is measured in newtons per kilogram. What? They’re both newtons? So weight equals mass times gravitational field strength. W equals M times G. Gravitational field strength is G. Okay. Dependingontheobect’sshapeeee itscentreofmasscanbeinside or outside of it. Outside? What? Theweightofanobjectmaybethoughtofasacting atasinglepointcalledits centreofmass. So weight is only at the centre of something? But it can be inside or outside? So it’s not always in the centre? Ohhhhh.

Lula dropped her head into her hands as her elbows rested on the hard lab desk. She flicked back and forth in her workbook to see what she’d done in previous lessons. This just doesn’t… I can’t… Fuck it. This is shit. I just don’t… Urgghhhh. She almost slammed her pen into he crease of her book and folded her arms, sitting upright, huffing, and looking back towards the clock. Eh. Five minutes. Thank God.

Lula found her right leg bobbing slightly. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Lula was purposefully trying to wipe the need to pee form her mind. She’d done so well all week. She had found her sensations in overload though. As she bobbed her leg, the gentle friction of her tights against her skin tickled her thighs. The tickle feeling felt like pins and needles leaking into her muscles. She tensed her mouth and scrunched her face. She purposefully stopped bobbing her leg and immediately tensed her crotch. This caused Lula to shiver. She felt a strain cling at her inner core as her body shook from her waist upwards. Fu Ck In G Christ. No. Nonono. No.

The bell rang out loud and Lula jumped back into the room. Others had already packed away. Books were being stuffed into bags and stationery dropped around the room. One by one students were allowed to leave. Once her name was called out, Lula strode out of the room with her backpack over her right arm. She held at the strap tightly. Toilet now? Toilet now? Can I wait? Don’t be stupid about it. Now? Later? Rosie!

“Yooooooooooooo” said Rosie, her voice getting louder as she walked closer to Lula.

“Hey” Lula replied.

“I think it should be illegal to do P.E in December”

“Oh… yeah” Lula remembered that P.E was their last lesson.

“I mean, it’s cold. It’s damp. It’s… cold. We should call Childline”

The girls giggled together.

“Lula”

She froze on the spot. She felt Rosie’s hand clench at her arm. They couldn’t go anywhere.

Lula turned slowly.

“Hey” said Tom. Lula held her eyes closed for a while, thinking of whether to stay calm or get angry. Mainly though, to stop herself from getting emotional.

“What then?” she snapped.

Tom sighed.

“Can we go somewhere else?” he asked, palming outwards at the crowds of passing students. Rosie clenched at Lula’s arm slightly harder. Lula felt her chest tighten as her shoulders tensed and her arms shook slightly.

“Okay” she snapped back.

“O… kay” he replied, looking around awkwardly then nodding his head in the opposite direction hoping the girls would follow. They did, but at a distance.

Rosie slid her hand through Lula’s arm so their arms were linking. She pulled herself closer to Lula and stayed in step with her. She seemed to be just as nervous as her friend. Lula felt her waist straining as she realised she still needed to pee. Fuck. Off. No. Focus. This. Tom. Later. Can’t.

After a while, the three found themselves outside in a more quiet area.

“Look…” he started.

“What?” Lula snapped once again.

“Are you…?” he started, looking at Rosie. She nodded violently.

“She’s staying” Lula demanded.

“Okay then” he sighed. “We’re not… a… thing, right?” he asked.

“A thing?”

“You know. Together?” Lula started to fight off the tears welling in her eyes.

“I don’t know” she whimpered.

“Because like… yeah you’re cool. I like you. I do. But we’re friends yeah?”

Lula’s breathing became heavier.

“We both said…” Lula began but couldn’t finish the sentence. Rosie looked at her confused.

“Said what?” she asked quietly. Lula shook her head. Tom put his hand to his mouth and sighed, pulling at his chin.

“In the moment”

“IN THE MOMENT” Lula cried out, “WHAT DOES THAT ME…” she pulled herself away from the situation and took a few steps in the opposite direction. A few tears started to roll down her cheeks. Why is this happening? What did I do? Why? I knew it. Why though? It was so good? He was nice to me?

“Said what?!” Rosie asked out loud.

“Lula…” Tom said.

“What do we have then?” She asked sternly, turning around with her arms out and palms up.

“Friends?” he asked. She thought that was a question anyway.

“Yeah I have friends that don’t fuck me about” Lula replied, “but I thought we had… more” her voice quietened as she finished her sentence.

“It’s not that I don’t… want more… but…”

“BUT. WHAT?”

Some people had started to look over at them. Rosie had realised. Lula was in her bubble again. It was just her and Tom. Tom had begun to realise too.

“Look. Can we… another time?” he awkwardly asked.

“ANOTHER… you were meant to do this on MONDAY” Lula cried out. Her hands were tight in fists. Her face red. Her cheeks wet.

“Come on” Rosie tried to convince Lula to walk away, tugging gently at her arm. Despite the tears, Lula’s eyes were piercing. She was glaring straight through Tom’s face; a complete contrast to avoiding his gaze when in the hostel bedroom. She was more confident when angry. She only had to focus on one emotion. It was a lot easier.

“Come on!” Rosie tried again, tugging harder. Tom admittedly looked slightly scared. He’d only seen Lula like this on the beach with Charlotte. He didn’t know what it felt like to be on the receiving end.

“Come on!!” Rosie pulled harder and shifted Lula’s weight.

“Is he getting dumped by a Year 10?”

“She’s pissed”

“What’s he done?”

“Damn, Tom”

“Freaky bitch”

Lula wasn’t listening to any of the comments from around her. She was still transfixed on Tom. She wanted to hit him. She wanted to claw at his face and unleash her anger. She wanted to embrace him and hug so tightly he couldn’t breath. She wanted another long embrace and kiss. The anger was subsiding. Lula began to feel like she was being crushed beneath a weight of emotion. She felt a heavy arura surround her. Her thoughts shifted.

Heavy. Mass. Shape. What shape is sad? Me. Weight. I can’t stand. Something’s heavy. My chest, ouch. Centre of mass. Not inside me? Pulling me down? My chest.

Lula grabbed her chest and leaned forwards.

“Are you o…” Tom began, leaning forwards.

“Fuck off” Lula managed to whimper. Her bubble popped and she felt a rush of blood to her head as she bent over her arms. She felt Rosie grab her sides and support her weight. The sounds of the surrounding people came back into range. The bustle of the school filled Lula’s ears as she stared at the grey stone slab beneath her. Her tears were splattering against the hard surface. Looks cold down there.

Rosie had managed to lead Lula towards the P.E changing rooms just before the bell sounded.

“You okay?” she asked as they both sat on the benches. The changing rooms were significantly warmer than outside. Lula had stopped crying. She felt the dried streams against her cheeks. She hadn’t said anything. She nodded gently.

“Hey” Rosie said again, waving in front of Lula’s face. She slowly turned to face her.

“You’re fucking scary when you’re angry you know that right?”

Lula didn’t respond straight away. She then nodded quickly twice.

“Hey, here” Rosie ordered, clicking her fingers. Lula turned to face her.

“There you go. You with me?”

Lula nodded again.

“Fuck him” Rosie said.

Lula refocused on Rosie’s face. She didn’t realise how confused her expression was.

“No… not… fuck him. FUCK him” Rosie clarified. Lula nodded again, understanding this time.

“I’m sorry” she said.

“Not your fault” Lula managed to say quietly. Rosie leaned in and hugged Lula. She shook as the bell sounded. Lula didn’t shake. Her body was as tough as stone.

“Hey!” Rosie said louder, “Gotta get changed, come on!”

At first Lula shook her head.

“No. Come on. You have to”

Lula nodded.

As other girls started to crowd the changing rooms, Lula and Rosie slowly slipped into their P.E clothes.

Once changed, Lula sat back down on the bench in silence. Her uniform was neatly packed away and her bag sat between her legs. She stared forwards, not really making eye contact with anyone. She felt her right leg bob up and down again. Huh. Pee. No. No. Stop. She scratched at her bare knees.

Suddenly her eyes locked with Charlotte’s as she walked into view. Charlotte scowled back as their eyes met. Lula’s head followed Charlotte as she walked in front of her. From right to left, Charlotte eventually went out of view.

“Calm down” Rosie whispered, noticing Lula’s switching of alertness and absence. Lula nodded.

“Seriously. Hey! Squeeze” Rosie ordered, taking Lula’s hand. Rosie winced as Lula did squeeze. Rosie’s fingertips went white as Lula’s hand shook as she used all her strength. Rosie swore under her breath and gritted her teeth. Lula eventually let go. Rosie shook her hand. Lula was still staring forwards. Rosie then put the palm of her hand on Lula’s left leg. Nothing. She grasped her leg slightly. Nothing. Rosie sighed. She dug the nail of her forefinger into Lula’s skin. Nothing.

“Okay” Rosie said, piercing her nail into Lula’s leg, breaking the skin. Lula jumped as Rosie pulled her hand away.

“What the fuck” Lula asked, shocked. The sharp release of pain forced Lula to quickly tense her body and push all her muscles. She felt a fast rush of pee move within her. She drove her legs together and held again.

“Sorry. Welcome back”

Rosie closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She composed herself.

“Sorry” she whimpered.

“Don’t you fucking dare be sorry” demanded Rosie. Lula looked down at her leg. Rosie had left a piece of loose skin on her left thigh. There was a tint of red underneath. Lula rubbed it until it was no longer sore. She shifted her legs together.

The school field was brisk. The short grass was slightly solid from frost, despite it being the afternoon. Everyone’s breath formed a cloud in front of their face. Despite her clean, shaven legs, Lula felt her hair follicles tingle as her bare legs felt prickly in the cold.

The class prepared with a warm up. With every stretch and movement, Lula felt her bladder become heavier as if it was shifting within her. Centre of mass. Weight. Full. Nearly full. My weight would be my mass times gravitational field strength. My bladder has its own gravitational pull. Heh. Ouch. Ooh.

Cross country was one of Lula’s least favourite P.E activities. However, being the end of the term meant the teachers didn’t want to get any equipment out. Thirty five minutes. Run slowly. Walk? Just go slow. Should have gone earlier. Couldn’t. Tom. NO. Dick. Fucking.. Fucking… fuck. No. Dickhead. Couldn’t.

Rosie was concerned. She could see Lula’s thought processes on her face. She’d go from absent to angry, to tense, to nothing again.

“Not long now. It’ll go quick, I hope” Rosie said eagerly.

“Hope so” Lula admitted, trying to distract herself from both her need to pee and Tom.

“Huh. I gotta go” Rosie admitted. Lula paused and faced Rosie.

“Yeah” she said.

“Yeah? You too?” Rosie asked. Lula nodded.

“We’ll be fine!” Rosie convinced Lula. She nodded again. They hadn’t really discussed anything since they agreed they needed to grow up. Lula had been thinking though. She didn’t need to grow up. She wet by choice. She still wasn’t sure if Rosie did. If Rosie only did it due to medical reasons then she didn’t need to grow up. Only Lula herself did. It had been dragging her down all week.

Lula felt the subtle crunch of the frosty grass beneath her trainers as she jogged. She didn’t want to go too fast but felt a surge of energy she wanted to unleash. Her bladder felt like it was expanding inside of her; almost as if she could feel the pee sloshing around within her. It felt like added weight. Strangely though, the running was calming. It was something to focus on. Round and round the field. Stay behind that girl. Overtake this girl. Step step step crunch crunch crunch breathe breathe breathe.

Lula hated how she was enjoying the exercise. She felt forced to carry on. The cold was causing the inside of her thighs to feel smooth. With every pace she felt the skin on each thigh gently brush past each other. Each time she was reminded of how cold she was. Her skin was a bitter red. She had to keep running to stay warm. She didn’t stay in time with Rosie. She was running at her own pace, on her own, with her own thoughts. Her goal was to just keep going. Focus on the run. Not the pee. Not Tom. Not Charlotte walking around. Not Rosie looking out for her. Just keep going.

Once all the girls had been called in, the group made their way indoors to get changed to go home. Lula kept to the back of the group. She had tired herself out. She felt somewhat relieved that she’d been able to clear her mind. Rosie stuck close by, letting everyone else walk off ahead. Lula was feeling the pain of holding now. She still wasn’t speaking to anyone. As she sat back down on the bench in the changing rooms she clenched her legs together and jammed her hand between her thighs.

“You okay?” Rosie asked, shaking her legs.

“Yeah” Lula winced.

“It’s okay. I feel the same” she admitted.

“Go then” Lula said.

“With everyone in here? Pfft, no. You go”

Lula didn’t even need to respond. She looked around the room with her eyebrows lowered. Rosie knew she felt the same.

“Want to come to mine?” Rosie asked. Lula wasn’t sure. She sort of wanted to go straight home and sulk.

“Dunno”

“You don’t have to. Offer’s there” Rosie said.

The bell rang loudly in the confines of the changing room. It was always deafening in there. Those who were ready ran out, ready for the final day of school. Lula had sat on the bench for a while. She was purposefully taking her time. She had already decided to pee but only once everyone had left. Rosie had fully changed but was waiting as well. Rosie had also started to bob her leg quite aggressively. Neither of them needed to admit it but they both knew. After a few minutes, most girls had left. Two were just tying their shoelaces. The teacher said she was going to the P.E office and that the girls were in their own time now. The other two girls left too.

“Thank fuck” Rosie whimpered. Both Lula and Rosie clambered up and awkwardly shuffled their way into he toilets which were attached to the changing rooms.

Lula noticed Rosie had sped off quicker than she had, whimpering. She could hear her say ‘come on, come on, come on’ under hear breath. Lula placed her hand against the tiled wall as she squatted and held her legs together. Rosie was a few steps ahead and pushed her way past a cubicle door. Lula heard Rosie fumble with the door lock before swearing them lifting the toilet seat; before swearing again. The distinct sound of pee hitting the toilet water filled the empty room. Lula took a deep breath. She hobbled to a toilet a few cubicles down from Rosie’s.

“Sorry!” Rosie said across the room.

“Why?” Lula asked.

“I… failed!” she replied awkwardly. Lula winced again. This hurts. Oh. Just sit. Go!

Lula also fumbled with her own lock. She eventually moved it into place.

“Failed… what?” Lula asked, in pain.

“I… only got my tights down” Rosie admitted. She what?! Is she wetting? Sitting? Only tights? Huh.

In that moment of thought, Lula realised she still had her full uniform to change into. As she leaned over the toilet ready to pull down her skort she had a moment of carelessness. Well if Rosie’s done it… Fuck everything.

Lula lifted the skirt of her skort and sat on the cold toilet seat. She flinched as her skin felt the cold. She noticed that the bare skin of her legs had lost the redness from the battering in the cold. Release. Go!

With little to no convincing herself, Lula began to pee through the spandex material of her skort. She began to hear the hiss of her own pee above the faint dribbling of Rosie’s stream a few cubicles away. The pee trickled over her vagina and instantly soaked the soft material surrounding her crotch. It quickly spread through and over the spandex shorts and she felt it rush beneath her ass. She leaned back, letting the skirt fall down and she closed her eyes. Her body spasmed as she fully relaxed into the pee. The sensation of the wetting overwhelmed her. She knew she couldn’t do anything extreme or touch herself in school so she just lost herself in the moment. The carelessness was overwhelming. Her bubble came back but this time she wasn’t angry, just calm.

“You okay?” Rosie asked. Lula ignored her. She pushed the skirt beneath her legs and felt the pee soak through the skirt as well and drench her hand.

Not much time had passed before Lula opened her eyes to the sound of Rosie flushing her toilet. Lula blinked a few times. The guilt set in. You’re in school! What the fuck? Your bus!? You need to get changed! Mum will find out! What the fuck!?

*119*2019-12-29 15:01

Apologies for being a bit quiet. I was hoping to upload Lula's Christmas over Christmas but you know... it's been Christmas so... chapters will be late. Hope you're all fat and comfy and well rested x

A Cold, Warm Walk

Lula gently stroked over the front of her glistening, soaked spandex. She wanted to moan so bad but knew exactly where she was. Her body shivered as her lower back arched.

“You done?” Rosie’s voice filled the bathroom.

“Yeah” Lula nervously responded.

Snapping back to her senses, Lula shook her head and wiped her hands on some tissue. She then pulled off a long stream of tissue and dabbed at her wet shorts. As she padded herself down, the tissue quickly soaked the absorbed pee. The tissue became clumped and tinted pale yellow.

Shit shit shit shit shit. Dry, come on! Please!

“You done?” Rosie asked.

“Nearly!” Lula snapped.

“What you doing?”

“Sshh, wiping!”

“Wow, okay”

Lula could hear Rosie shuffling her skirt about on the other side of the door. Is she wet too?

After a few minutes of pressing tissue against and inside her shorts, Lula stood up and wiggled her hips. Her crotch felt slightly uncomfortable, damp, and cold. She felt both turned on and guilty at the same time. She sighed, unlocked the door, and stepped out.

“Look” Rosie admitted, turning around and lifting her skirt. She exposed her now see through white knickers which were clinging to her backside. There was a faint yellow tint in the white material. Her back tights had a discreet wet spot around where she’d sat and wet. Rosie let her skirt fall back down.

“THAT, was an accident” she frowned. Lula’s face went red. Do I show her? She showed me… Does she know?

“Damn” Lula replied quietly.

“You okay?” Rosie asked, lowering her eyebrows and tilting her head. Lula nodded slowly.

“Did you…?” Rosie began. Lula nervously nodded again. Rosie looked surprised.

“Really?!” she asked, astounded.

“That’s what I… I was drying…”. Her heart thumped as she admitted the incident.

“Prove it!” Rosie requested. Despite some hesitation. Lula sheepishly lifted her skort and showed the black latex shorts underneath. Rosie leaned down and observed.

“Can’t really tell. Lucky you”

Lula let her skort back down.

“Good” she snapped.

“I thought we’d last more than a week…” Rosie said as the girls walked back through to the changing room.

“Mmm” Lula agreed under her breath.

“Probably missed my bus” Lula admitted, trying to change the topic and get her mind off her damp crotch. Her underwear and shorts clung to her skin.

“Come to mine? We can wash… so you Mum won’t know?”

“Hmm. Okay” Lula agreed.

“You changing?” Rosie asked.

I don’t know. I don’t have any more knickers. I HAVE to keep these on. I could just put my school skirt over the top. They might dry on the walk. That’s disgusting… is it? I’ll smell…? Will it? Can’t smell it now. Hmm.

“I’ll just put my skirt on” Lula stated.

“Over those?” Rosie asked.

“Yeah. Hopefully they’ll dry while we walk”

“Maybe” Rosie shrugged.

The busses were leaving the car park of the school as the girls wandered out into the brisk afternoon air. It was still overcast but dry. Lula felt her thighs sweep past each other as the damp spandex clung beneath her tights. She was concerned that the inside of her tights would have a wet spot; but they were black, so hopefully not. She felt totally embarrassed, walking out of school having wet herself, but thrilled and excited. She felt slightly better that Rosie was in the same situation.

The girls said nothing until they walked out of the school grounds.

“Why did you wet?” Lula asked quickly. Rosie seemed surprised.

“Why? It actually was an accident”

“Oh. Won’t your Mum be annoyed?”

“Not if she doesn’t find out”

“Is that the first time since you… we… agreed…?”

“Yeah. I was doing so well. You?”

“Yeah, same” Lula felt herself blush.

There was a slight pause.

“What about Tom then?” Rosie asked. Lula’s heart skipped a beat.

“I don’t know”

“Why is he being like this”

“I. Don’t. Know”

“I’m not letting you go home without talking about it” Rosie claimed, shifting her legs as they walked, seemingly pulling her underwear from her skin.

“What if I don’t want to”

“Seriously. I’ve never seen you like that. You zoned out earlier”

“So?”

“SO…. That’s not okay”

“I’m okay”

“Bullshit”

“It is, isn’t it”

“No, I mean, you”

“Yeah. Probably is my fault”

“NO!” Rosie yelled out. She halted and grabbed Lula’s bag, spinning her around. Lula almost lost her balance.

“Don’t you dare start saying it’s your fault. Don’t blame yourself if he can’t give a reason” Rosie was pointing at Lula’s face. Lula stared at Rosie blankly. Tears had started to well up in her eyes but she wasn’t reacting. Rosie hugged her. Lula almost fell back again.

“This is NOT your fault” Rosie reassured her.

“Thanks” Lula whimpered on Rosie’s shoulder.

“So when we get to mine” Rosie started, pulling away from Lula and pulling at her skirt again, “I’ll wash… these” she waved her arms at each of their skirts, “and you’re not going home until you’re okay… okay?”

Lula smiled as a tear dribbled down her cheek. She nodded.

“Also… It’s reeaallyy cold” Rosie finished.

“Yeah” Lula shivered. She was reminded of the bitterly cold dampness between her legs.

“It shouldn’t be too muddy. It’ll be frosted over” claimed Rosie as she lead Lula into the woods to her house.

“Really? It’s getting dark” Lula questioned.

“It’ll be fine. You know I always go this way. Haven’t been kidnapped yet” she joked. Lula sighed and followed.

Given it was late December and now about 15:45 the sun was already setting. Light inside the woods was limited. A dreary, thin fog clung to the trees and the leaves and mud were dry and crunchy to tread on.

“I don’t like it” Lula admitted.

“It’s fine!” Rosie convinced her.

Lula wrapped herself tighter within her jacket, squeezing her thighs together in an attempt to warm them up.

Orange beams of light pierced the bare branches above Lula’s head. She looked upwards and saw the dark branches winding and clawing at one another over the track. Leaves were piled up either side of the mud track where people had been walking. Dips where puddles would form were dotted white with frost. Despite the fog, Lula noticed the cloud of breath each time she exhaled.

“It’s cold” she stated.

“Yeah” admitted Rosie whose voice seemed shaken.

“Want my scarf?” asked Lula.

“Nah, thanks though” Rosie denied the offer, pulling at her skirt once more while bobbing her legs.

“You okay?” asked Lula.

“Well” she huffed, “I sort of need to…” she didn’t finish her sentence. Wow, again? Must be the cold.

“Well we’re nearly at yours, right?”

“Sort of” Rosie winced as she took a deep inhale.

“Fuck it” she snapped, stopping on the track and looking around.

“Huh?” Lula turned around.

Rosie was stood bolt upright, her head leaning back into her collar and her eyes closed. In the silence of the woods, Lula heard the patter of a liquid against the floor. She widened her eyes and stared down. Rosie was wetting herself.

Rosie’s legs were shoulder width apart and her feet pointing out at diagonals. Her fists were clenched tightly into fists.

“Mmmm. So warm” She muttered as her pee ran down her tights and splattered onto the ground.

Wat the fuck. This is so open. Is there anyone coming?

Lula was panicking for Rosie. She looked around erratically to make sure no one was around. They were totally alone. Lula turned back to Rosie to see a thin waterfall of pee fall from underneath Rosie’s skirt, which seemed to be keeping dry. The pee was wetting the cold, dry ground beneath her, splashing against her shoes. The inside of her tights shone as her thighs then calves became soaked. Lula could just make out the black leather of Rosie’s shoes shine as it seemed to leak down the tights and into her shoes.

I bet that IS warm though…

Lula clenched her thighs together once again to keep herself warm.

As Rosie’s stream slowed down she opened her eyes and lifted her right leg, letting the pee dribble down her tights and onto the ground. She patted down her skirt and realised it had remained dry. Both the ground and Rosie’s legs were lightly steaming from the warmth.

“What? I’d already done it in the bathroom… at least I’m warm now!” Rosie admitted carelessly, knowing no one else was present.

“You’re mad”

“What’s mad when you’re warm” she smiled. Lula shook her head.

“We’re meant to be… not… doing that”

“Well we already both did, so today we can”

“We?” Lula asked.

“Yeah. We’ve both failed today so what does it matter? You’re cold right? You go?”

“What, no!” Lula huffed.

Rosie grabbed at her tights to rinse them out then wiped her hands on her skirt.

“Whatever then. Lets go?” she said enthusiastically.

“What? You got upset when that happened in the hostel” Lula exclaimed. Rosie didn’t respond straight away.

“No one’s here” she said quietly.

“So you chose to?”

“I guess”

Lula was a bit stunned and had her hands out ready to talk but no words came out.

“So…?” Rosie asked, shaking her head, “You’ve already done it too” Lula felt her face go red again.

“Warm yourself up” Rosie said. Lula couldn’t tell if that was a demand.

“What… no” she felt embarrassed.

“Okay. Doesn’t mater then? Lets go?” Rosie began to walk away. Lula followed.

How can she just do it so nonchalantly? She’s comfortable in front of me, cool, but what if someone sees her wet tights? What if her Mum finds out? Damn, I do sort of need to pee. Was she right? It IS warm… No! Hmm.

Lula shifted her weight slightly as they carried on through the woods. They hadn’t spoken for a few minutes.

“This is uncomfortable though” Rosie claimed, stopping once again. She took her shoes off one at a time and tipped them upside down, letting a few droplets fall to the floor. Her feet were soaked in her tights.

“Didn’t think about the shoes” she admitted. Lula didn’t know how to respond. She felt a twinge in her bladder though. The cold seemed to stab through her abdomen. She felt like her bladder was swelling to keep her inside warm.

What if I… just let a little go? At a time. Just a little at a time.

As they paced onwards, Lula tried it. She winced her face then opened the floodgates only to immediately clench again. The tiniest rush of pee shot into her underwear. There was a moment of warmth against her vagina but nothing else. She had no idea how much had actually come out, but it got cold pretty quickly.

I can’t. I can’t. Rosie won’t care though. Oof. Ohhhh.

Lula’s footsteps crunched through the leaves at a slower pace. Rosie realised.

“What?”

“I…”

Rosie knew exactly what.

“Seriously just go”

Lula shrieked, her knees pinned together and feet slightly apart.

The front of her crotch felt bruised as it bloated outwards. The waistline of both her skort and skirt were stretched. No amount of holding or rubbing her waist could subdue the bloat. She took a few deep breaths then felt it. With her knees still together, Lula felt a warm stream flow between her thighs. The pee flew off her knees, falling at a few different angles as wet patches slowly spread over her calves.

“Told you” Lula heard Rosie dig from a few meters away. She was trying to block everything out though. As she took her breaths, Lula felt the bitter air dry the inside of her mouth. With every inhale she felt colder but with every passing second the pee was warming her up.

Lula’s multiple layers of clothing were soaking up the pee. Everything below her waistband was saturated and steaming. Lula felt the pee pool in her shoes as it carried on leaking down her legs. Her deep breaths turned into fast erratic breathing. She pulled her knees apart causing the continuous river of pee between her thigs to fall to the mud beneath with a splash. Lula let out a few shallow whines.

As her pee subsided, Lula gently rubbed her legs together and heard the faint rustle of the wet tights. Whilst her upper body still stung with cold, her lower body bathed in warmth.

“Nice, huh?” Rosie asked. Lula snapped her eyes open having almost forgot where she was and who was there.

Fuck. That was good. I can’t. I shouldn’t. That was nice though.

“Uoh” Lula whimpered.

“I know, good job it’s dark!” Rosie agreed, smiling.

“We need to get to yours” Lula claimed.

“Not long, come on”

It took Lula a few minutes to walk comfortably. Her knickers, the spandex shorts of her skort, and her tights all clung against her legs. Her wet clothes felt slightly heavy. She felt her thighs chafe with wetness. With every other step, Lula would feel the odd dribble of pee make its way down her legs from her saturated spandex shorts. She felt the droplets run freely down her legs as she walked.

Fuck this is hot. It shouldn’t be but it is. This is dirty. My legs are soggy. My crotch is damp. But fuck, ohhh.

As heavy as her legs felt, her chest felt pressured from the rate of her heart. Lula was so turned on she didn’t know how to stop the sensation flood her body. She also felt embarrassed from wetting in front of Rosie, not that it had been the first time, but this time she was already emotional from the incident with Tom. Once again, the conflict of emotions seemed to be drowning her. Tears began to roll down her face.

As the girls walked up the driveway of Rosie’s house, she walked over the grass and looked down.

“Might as well be empty” she stated as she clenched her face and a small stream of pee once again fell from beneath her. It lasted no more than three seconds.

“You?” she asked. Lula shrugged. The sunset was nearing its end and the sky was now the darkest royal blue. Their breath still formed clouds in front of them. Stars twinkled above them.

As Rosie unlocked her door, Lula pushed slightly and felt a small pool of pee re-soak the gusset of her knickers. She didn’t feel it dribble anywhere; her clothed soaked it all up.

Up in Rosie’s bedroom, Rosie pulled her skirt down and flung it over towards her washing pile. With the bedroom light on, Lula could make out a faint contrast in wet and dry material on Rosie’s tights. Lula noticed that Rosie’s white underwear were clinging to her backside as the tint of pale skin showed through both layers of clothing.

“Do you want to… go get changed first?” Rosie asked Lula, “You can borrow some leggings until you’re stuff is washed?”

“Thanks” Lula responded, shyly accepting Rosie’s clothes.

Once Lula locked the door to the bathroom a heavy weight overcame her as she felt safe. She immediately let out a low, mumbled groan and shoved her hand underneath her skirt. The pad of the wet layers of clothes squelched beneath her fingers as they were covered in a layer of pee. She pulled her hand away, The skin of her fingers had already felt shrivelled and somewhat sticky.

Goddddammmmnnn, Fuck.

Lula pulled her skirt and tights down. The skirt was pretty much dry, just cold. Her tights were almost fully wet. The threading of the tights glistened against the ceiling light. Lula piled the clothes on the floor. Knowing Rosie had said she could use the shower, and the fact her clothes were about to be thrown in the washing machine, she decided to help rid the scent of pee and stepped straight into the shower in her knickers and skort. The skirt of the skort was dry ad the front but damp at the back. The saturated spandex was soft and padded-liked beneath Lula’s touch. Before switching the shower on, Lula grabbed her crotch with the palm of her hand and pushed as hard as she could.

She felt the palm of her hand flood as another wave of pee spread across the stretchy material beneath her skin. She tightened her grip somewhat and caused some soaked pee to leak over her hand and forearm. She ran her middle finger up the middle of the shorts, starting near her backside and pulling as she reached her vagina. Her left leg wobbled as her thigh tensed but she kept her posture. The last few drops of pee felt like they burned as they streamed out. Lula knew her underwear would be totally soaked. She began to feel dirty as she considered the wet clothes against her skin.

After many handfuls of shower gel clumped and rubbed against her body and clothes, she pulled off the skort and underwear and let them slap towards the base of the shower. The water fell onto the already wet clothes and as far as Lula thought, began to rinse them out. The intense, steamy heat of the shower was divine compared to the temperature they’d just walked in.

Once finished, Lula was stood on the fluffy bath mat drying herself with a fresh towel. She looked around the cabinets to see if there was any talc anywhere. She figured her legs could do with a proper drying. Not wanted to snoop, but desperately wanting to rid the sensation of having peed down her legs, Lula started to open the few cupboards in the room. Upon opening the second door she froze and glared. On the bottom shelf was an open pack of night time incontinence pants. Lula gasped.

Her Mum said she’d only buy her those if she carried on… Has she been doing it all week anyway? Has she used some? They must be for her… Oh my…

Lula awkwardly closed the door, trying not to make a sound, and decided she didn’t need to put on any talc. Her mind was full of questions for Rosie.

Can I ask her though? I shouldn’t have found them. She hasn’t told me so she doesn’t want me to know… I wonder what it’s like…

Walking back into Rosie’s bedroom commando in her friend’s leggings, Rosie told Lula to put her clothes in the washing machine downstairs where hers already were. Rosie locked herself in the bathroom as Lula slumped her way down the stairs. She hated not wearing underwear. She felt totally exposed.

As Lula pulled the round door to the washing machine she saw Rosie’s wet clothes already inside. Despite some hesitation, Lula pinched the edge of Rosie’s white knickers and lifted them from the machine. The white cotton was tinted yellow at the front and gusset and was a light grey up the front and back. Lula shivered then put her own clothes inside and switched it on as Rosie had shown her to do so.

Sat alone on Rosie’s bed, Lula began to think back on the day’s events. Rosie had been in the shower a good 20-30 minutes. The wash cycle was on for another half an hour and they would then need to allow for the clothes to dry. Lula opened the Messenger app and started scrolling through her messages with Tom.

“What you gonna’ do about him?” Rosie’s voice sounded from behind Lula. She flinched. She never heard her come in.

“Dunno” she admitted. Rosie paced further into her room in some loose fitting pyjamas. Lula immediately wanted to ask about the nappies she’d seen. Christ, nappy is such a horrible word. Babyish. Childish. Just no.

“He said he loved me” she whimpered.

“You didn’t say it back did you?” Rosie questioned.

Lula didn’t respond.

“You’re stupid” Rosie said sympathetically, sitting net to Lula and snuggling against her. Lula nodded.

Lula finally gave in and told Rosie everything, to the finest detail, about the night in the hostel. Rosie acted as both the shoulder to cry on and the straight talking best friend. Lula cried. She laughed. She got lost in thought. She considered. She concluded.

“Love is shit”

“No. He is shit. Love is good… probably” Rosie reassured.

“I fell too hard and too quickly”

“Aww”

“Shut up”

“You’re right though”

“I know”

“Well just focus on the mocks now. Don’t let him ruin the exams”

“You’re right”

“I know!” Rosie mocked.

“You know… you’ve still never paid me for my advice” Rosie continued to mock. Lula nudged her. She looked up at Rosie’s radiator and at her clothes which had been drying for a while. The tights had dried out but her knickers were partially damp. Whatever.

“I’m gong to get changed again” Lula announced.

“Cool okay”

Once Lula was changed and handed back Rosie’s leggings, she called her Mum to come and collect her. Her Mum was none the wiser about what had happened. It didn’t matter though. Tomorrow was the last day before Christmas so everyone would be wearing their own clothes. Her Mum would wash her uniform again and it wouldn’t be worn for about three weeks.

Do I try and speak to him tomorrow? Just clear the air. Find out what’s going on. I can’t... cannot go into Christmas not knowing. Should I apologise? Do I have anything to apologise for? Did I do something wrong? Hmm.

*123*2020-01-01 23:27

A free and confining Christmas morning

As she shifted her weight, Lula took a deep breath as she curled up in her fresh bedding. She crossed her toes over one another and snuggled her face into her softest blanket. The plump fluffiness cushioned her cheek as her face sunk. Her long, thick cotton pyjama bottoms were warming her legs. She rolled over and stretched out until her arms and legs strained. She sighed. Lula could hear the wind whipping against her bedroom window. It was never going to be a white Christmas but it was certainly a cold one.

The last few days off from school had been great. Lula had had the opportunity to just chill out away from the drama of the past few weeks. She never could pluck the courage to speak to Tom on the last day of school. She desperately wanted to but her emotions got the better of her. In the end, she’d convinced herself to ignore him just as much as he was with her. Lula had admitted to herself that, and she hated to admit it, was maybe too unstable to be committing to such a serious… relationship? Or just love as a whole. She didn’t even know if it was love. She’d had crushes before but this had felt different. It was a shame that it all finished as quickly as it started. All she knew was that she didn’t want her Christmas and New Year ruined by some boy.

Despite being comfy, Lula couldn’t sleep. She always loved Christmas but this wasn’t down to excitement. She lifted her arm from under her covers and flipped her phone onto her bed. She squinted as the screen blinded her. She hesitated for a while.

Lula: “I don’t think you know how I’ve felt recently and I don’t know if you care. I’m done. Either tell me where we stand or never speak to me again. Don’t play me along”

Lula gasped for air as she hurriedly locked her phone and let it fall from her hands onto her bed. Her composure over the last few days had helped her, she felt, toughen up. She scrunched her face in an attempt not to tear up.

No. Nonononono. Don’t.

She didn’t.

She exhaled.

She turned back around and snuggled in her covers again.

She closed her eyes.

Lula winced as she felt the sleep grit in her eyes. She wiped her brow with her hand and spent some seconds picking the grit from her vision. She yawned and stretched. It was 08:02. Her parents hadn’t woken up yet. Lula groaned as she slipped from underneath her covers and groggily stood up. She pulled her curtains aside to see the dry yet overcast morning. The sun was still low and there was an amber tint behind the clouds. She opened her window and took a deep breath of cold air. Mmmmmmm.

Am I too told to go waking Mum and Dad up? I don’t mind waiting…

Lula slumped back onto her bed and stretched again.

Oh yeah… Rosie’s present.

Rosie had given Lula a present at school on their last day. She had demanded that Lula not open it until Christmas Day. Lula admittedly felt a bit bad that she’d forgotten about it until now. She pulled the zip on her school bag and reached inside. She pulled out a plump package. The wrapping paper rustled between her fingers. Despite Rosie’s usual clumsiness, Lula was somewhat surprised as the neatness of her gift. She remembered telling Rosie off as she hadn’t brought her a gift. She felt bad. She squeezed the package. It squished between her hands. Huh.

As Lula pulled away the wrapping paper, she could see the thick, violet, fluffy socks resting on her knees. Between them was another wrapped package. These are SO soft. Wow. Lula immediately put them on and scrunched her toes. Christ, these are nice. Thank you, Rosie.

Confused at the second package, Lula gave it another squeeze. It wasn’t as plump as the socks had been but still soft. She flipped it over to see Rosie had written on it in black marker.

‘Don’t have too much fun! : )’

Too much… fun? What?

Intrigued, Lula pulled away the wrapping paper. White?

Lula pulled the paper from beneath the second gift to reveal…

A nappy! One of Rosie’s… What the fuck. Lula panicked and threw it to the other end of her bed. Did she know I found them? Why would she give me one? They MUST be hers. Oh my God. I have to hide it.

Lula’s heart began to race as she suddenly believed her parents would walk in on her with the nappy on her bed. The thought of that situation caused Lula’s chest to strain. She quickly pushed it underneath the duvet and slowed hear breathing. Quiet.

There was still no sound. Her parents weren’t moving around. Lula nervously pulled the covers back to expose the nappy. Nappy is still a shit word… diaper? Nah. Pad… Incontin… Uh.

Lula poked at it then felt the nappy. The softness of the inside surprised her. She didn’t know what to expect. She hadn’t worn one since she was a baby. Just touching it excited her. How would… when would I even use it? How do I hide it? Where would I put it? I can’t wear it anywhere. What about…

She knew her idea in that moment was completely stupid and dangerous but intrigue got the better of her. She quickly undressed her bottom half and sheepishly slipped into the incontinence pants. She wiggled her hips as she pulled them up to her crotch. She tensed as she felt the padding reach her vagina. She looked down at herself. What the fuck am I doing? Mmm. She knew everything about this was wrong but at the same time she felt free yet… confined. Lula squeezed the outside of the nappy and rubbed it against her bare skin. She took an erratic deep breath. This is not how she had planned to start the day.

I wonder what it feels like with clothes on… This is how Rosie would…

Lula put back on her underwear and pyjama bottoms. The nappy itself wasn’t too thick. Trying to remember the packaging, Lula believed she had seen night time incontinence pants. So she’d wear them at night? She never looked like she had them on in the day? I know I wasn’t looking but still… She WOULD wet at night…

*CrEaK*

Fuck.

The floorboards outside Lula’s bedroom were creaking. That could only mean movement. She’d been nervous before but this was a new sense of falling. Lula felt the life drain from her head to her toes as her heart skipped a beat and she felt exposed. Seconds is all she had. She leaped back towards her bed and manically hid underneath her covers, wrapping her legs inside. She spluttered.. She hadn’t realised she’d been holding her breath.

Her bedroom door opened.

“Luuuuulaaa” her Dad’s voice hummed. Shitshitshitshitshitshitshitshit.

“Gooood morrrniinnngg” sounded the cheery voice again. Oh nononononononono.

“Is she awake?” asked Lula’s Mum.

“I think so” replied her Dad.

“Merry Christmas!” both her parents yelled as they switched on her bedroom light. Shitshitshitshitshitshit pretend to wake up. They won’t know. They won’t know.

“Whaa…” Lula pretended to act shocked and groggy, covering her eyes.

“It’s Christmas!” her Dad yelled again, making his way across Lula’s room then sitting on the edge of her bed.

“What’s all this?” her Mum asked, looking down at the wrapping paper on the floor. SHITSHITSHITSHITSHIT.

“R… Rosie got me a present” she claimed.

“Two?” her Mum asked, picking up both pieces of wrapping paper. FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK.

“Two… yeah” WHATDOISAYWHATDOISAYWHATDOISAY?

Lula kicked her feet from beneath her covers.

“Look, she wrapped them up individually” Lula lied, shaking her feet.

“Oh, they’re nice” her Dad responded, grabbing her toes and feeling the softness. Lula tried to kick away her father’s grip. Her Mum scrunched up the paper in her hands and placed it in Lula’s bin. Thank fucking fuck she didn’t see the writing. Fuck.

“You coming downstairs?” her Dad asked, playfully pulling at her covers. Lula resisted.

“In a minute?” she replied, still pulling at her covers.

“A minute? It’s Christmas? Santa’s been!” her Dad joked. Lula smiled sarcastically.

“In a minute” she said again.

“Fine. Humbug. We’ll go unwrap without you!” he joked again, sitting up from her bed and following his wife out of the room.

AAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHH FUCK. Thanks, Rosie.

