Classroom Omorashi Fiction series - Jane Pee-Pees Her Panties in Class

Author: princesstess

*000*2011-10-09 04:17

To kick off my Classroom Omorashi Fiction series set in a alternate world where the average girl or woman pees her panties at least several times a week. I plan to feed the background information in three parts. The first part is a Dick and Jane story that was written in this world to help boys understand why girls pee-pee in the panties all the time and how girls and boys should treat a girl who pee-pees her panties in class. The second part is a Grade 6 boy’s guidance class where the teacher lectures on why girls pee their panties, and answers their questions. The third part is Grade 6 girl’s guidance class where the teacher lets the girls talk about the experience of peeing their panties in class, and answers their questions. During this class two girls will pee their panties, and the teacher will make them talk through their desperations and the other girls will talk about what they feel as these two girl go through their ordeals.

### PART 1 ###

Jane Pee-Pees Her Panties in Class

See Jane in her pretty pink dress walking down the hall past the little girls room with her brother Dick.

She wants to go pee pee before the class just to be safe

But there are too many girls in line.

Some girls hold themselves through their pretty dresses because they have to go pee pee so bad.

Two girls need to go pee pee so bad they tremble.

They try so hard to not pee pee in their panties that it makes them tremble.

One poor trembling girl cries as she pee pees in her panties.

See how wet it is around her hand where she holds her panties through her pretty dress

It was too hard for her to not pee pee in her panties.

Did she not go pee pee at home.

Yes, but it has been on the school bus

And she became afraid of pee peeing her panties when she got off the bus

When a girl is afraid of pee peeing her panties that makes her need to pee so so much more

Then she becomes so afraid that it makes her pee pee her panties right now.

Even if there is not a lot of pee pee in her

That poor girl didn’t have a lot of pee pee inside her

Her pretty dress and panties soaked it almost all her pee pee up leaving a big wet spot on the front of her pretty dress

And only a little bit ran down her legs.

Dick and the other boys laugh at her and call her a baby.

Because boys hardly ever pee pee their pants

And never after they become big boys

Boys don’t laugh at a girl who pee pees her panties.

Even grown-up girls like you mummy and Miss Finch your teacher pee pees her panties

It is very very hard for a girl, even a grown-up mummy to not pee pee in her panties

Seeing the other girl pee pee her panties makes Jane need to pee even more

The bell rings

The other trembling girl cries as she starts to pee pee her panties

Dick and Jane go into the classroom.

She puts up her hand and asks ‘May I go to the little girls room?”

“You know the rule, Jane. No permission for half an hour after the start of class” Said Miss Finch.

Dick sat by his sister Jane

Jane looked scared as she arranges her pretty dress and petticoats

She squeezes her legs tight

Why was Jane scared when she was told to wait Dick wondered?

Jane had went pee pee at home just after he did

He did not need to pee. In fact he could wait to recess as he always did

Half an hour was so little time to wait.

For a boy that is.

But for Jane that was forever

Girls can’t hold as much pee as boys

So girls are always afraid they will pee pee in their panties

When they see another girl pee pee in her panties they become even more afraid they will pee pee in the panties

When a girl becomes very afraid that she will pee pee in her panties, it makes her need to pee even more

That is what is happening to Jane during roll call

Jane squeezes her legs even tighter and sat very very still

Dick knew Jane needed to pee very bad

Because Jane always sat very still when she needed to pee real bad

Most girls held themselves when they needed to pee bad, but a few like Jane would sit very still

Mummy said real ladies don’t hold themselves

Mummy didn’t hold herself when she was about to pee pee her panties

So Jane didn’t hold herself either, though she really wanted to

All Jane could think about was how bad she needed the little girls room

That made her want to pee even more

She knew she was going to pee pee in her panties in class for sure

Half-way through roll call, Jane started to tremble

When a girl trembles its because it is taking all of her might to not pee pee her panties that very moment.

When a girl trembles its because she is so scared that she is going to pee pee her panties any second

Dick knew Jane was going to pee pee in her panties in class for sure

Girls always pee peed in their panties very soon after they started trembling

Poor Jane is going to pee pee in her panties and beautiful dress in front of everybody

See Mary start to look scared as she sees Jane trembling

Mary scrunches her pretty skirt

Dick knows Mary is going to pee pee in her panties too

Please don’t let me pee pee in my panties

Jane trembles real hard to not pee pee her panties right now

All she could think about was that she was going to pee pee in her pretty pink panties and beautiful dress

Jane starts sobbing as her pee goes squirt squirt in her panties

It feels warm and wet in her panties

She feels another squirt squirt in her panties

Dick saw his sister sob and tremble so so hard

He knew her pee was going squirt squirt in her panties

All girls started to cry when their pee went squirt squirt in their panties

Mary trembled even harder

She just knew her pee was going to squirt squirt in her panties any second

Then it came. Squirt squirt.

Both girls sobbed as they kept squirting pee in their panties

Poor poor girls. The warm wet feeling grew and grew inside their panties

Then it all came out. First Jane then Mary.

They cried and cried.

They trembled and trembled

As their pee ran down their legs and on to the floor

The boys laughed

The girls looked sad for Jane and Mary

Miss Finch told the boys not to laugh

She told Jane and Mary they could go to the peed panties crying room

The peed panties crying room is where girls went after they pee peed in their panties

Schools, churches, malls, where mummys work, and theaters all had peed panties crying room

Girls went there to cry and clean up

Then to change into the dry panties and dress each girl kept there

Volunteer mummys were there to help the poor poor girls

They held hands and sobbed as the walked to the door

Dick could see the big wet spot on the back of Jane’s dress and Mary’s skirt

Miss Finch asked Dick and Bill to clean Jane’s and Mary’s chairs and the floor.

It was half an hour now and slmost all the other girls put up their hands to ask to go.

They would have to take turns as only one girl at a time could go

Dick wondered if another girl would start to pee pee in her panties

It was all too much for Miss Finch and she called the office for the spare teacher to come

Miss Finch could not go to the girls room and leave the class alone

She pushed into her tight skirt to try and hold herself

Dick knew Miss Finch needed to pee bad

He wondered if she would pee pee her panties like Jane and Mary

Miss Finch did pee pee in her panties on Monday and Tuesday

Lucky Miss Finch the spare teacher came in time

Miss Finch went off to the girls room for teachers

Then came back and to teach again

Meanwhile Jane and Mary went inside the peed panties crying room

There were 11 other girls there some little girl and some big girls from grade 6

Two mummys held Jane and Mary as they cried and cried

Later they stopped crying and the mummys cleaned them

Then they changed into their spare panties and dresses

Then they went back to class

Dick saw his sister hand a red face

She was embarrassed

So was Mary

Recess came

All the girls lined up for the girls room

The boys watched to see if any more would pee pee in their panties

A big girl from grade 6 pee peed her panties in a tight red skirt

Other girls were holding themselves though their pretty dresses

A teacher told the boys to go outside

Later outside Jane and Mary talked to the other girls

They all talked about Jane and Mary’s pee pee in their panties

And each girl talked about the times they pee peed in their panties

The boys looked towards the girls

And wondered why girls always pee peed in their panties

Because they’re girls, Dick said

Paul said he liked seeing girls pee peeing in their panties

Bob said his mummy always pee peed in her panties

Dick said all mummys do

### The End ###

Part 2 coming soon

*003*2011-10-09 14:39

{{: 

This was a brilliant take on Jane and Dick. I like it.

She did say that part one was a Dick and Jane story. If you are not familiar with that series, then you missed the entire reason why she used the same words over and over. This is a Reading series so kids learn to read by repetition. The words pee-pee, Dick, and Jane become predictable, so the the kids learn to recognize the spelling.

}}

Precisely!

