Interactive Story - Page 2

Author: livingbylies

*029*2013-02-24 06:47

"You mind if I look around?" Sarah asked, setting her drink on the coffee table. "I know that she wasn't taken here, but if I can get a feel for her, I can see if there's any connections between the victims."

"Why of course," Ms. Blackheart said, giving the sickly sweet smile rich people give when they agree to something they don't like. "Take all the time you need."

"Thanks," Sarah said, standing up. "I will only be a few minutes. Where is her room?"

"Third floor, take a right, last door at the end." Ms. Blackheart instructed. Sarah thanked her again, paused as she contemplated taking the drink with her, then headed to the stairs.

Upon reaching the top of the steps, Sarah heard rushing water as a sink turned off a little distance away. She couldn't tell the location of the sound, but guessed it must be a bathroom nearby. *Sounds good right about now...* she thought.

Head to the room.

Check the center hallway.

Check the left hallway.

*032*2013-02-25 04:48

We need at least one more vote to continue, by the way. If not in the next day or so, I'm flipping a coin.

*036*2013-02-25 17:27

Dang it guys, the indecision isn't getting better.

I'm gonna say that an XKCD avatar gets you half an extra vote.

To the room!

Deciding it could wait, Sarah strolled down the hall to the bedroom. This wouldn't take long, after all, and she could find a bathroom in minute.

The bedroom was bigger than her flat. It actually had three stories, the main floor a teen nerd's wet dream and the top a five year old girl's fantasy. The room was apparently the tower part of the house, which stuck into the sky making it visible to all within a mile of the community. A flight of stairs took you up one level, which ringed around the room, and then a ladder took you to the top which was actually hanging. To prevent falls there was a safety net hanging halfway up the room and the bed had bars on the side making it crib-like in appearance.

It was by far the coolest room Sarah had ever seen. A 90 inch plasma tv and every game console in history was displayed across from a couch, 7:1 surround sound ringed the outside of the room, and there was a fully stocked mini fridge and wet bar. The stuffed animals and pink wallpaper on the second floor was a bit tacky, but not overly so.

Pausing, Sarah noticed a switch on the wall snd pulled it. The lights went out, and a sea of stars poured into the room. A planetarium! Sarah wished she could stay longer, but shechad work to do.

Turning lights back on, she looked for hard evidence. Anything. She found it: A picture was sitting on a lacy dresser with a photo of all three victims. They were friends.

Fire sprang into her mind as something hit her in the back. She didn't have to think long before she figured out what it was. That's because not many weapons feel like a stun gun to the back. Electricity coursed through her body, and before she could identify her assailant she passed out.

When you wake up do you:

Call for help

Look around

Fake being asleep to try and get the drop on your assailant.

*039*2013-02-28 04:54

(Tie, again...)

