Date Panic! - Page 16

Author: OmoCommando

*392*2014-04-12 03:44

As if it was a natural reflex, you jam your foot into the gas pedal and accelerate just enough to make the light, at which point you quickly hit the brakes, then return to a normal cruising speed. You then look over at your date. Her hands are still firmly entrenched between her legs, but you can see dark spots appearing around her crotch.

Your heart then feels like it's stopping. As you look at Nikki's fingers, you can see just the slightest amount of liquid spurting from between her fingers. Was this it? Did she finally wet herself? ...It seems she got things back under control.

"Th-thank you for the expediency..." she says, "b-but if you don't mind... n-no more surprise jostles, okay?"

Outside, you remain cool and non-chalant. On the inside, however, you are grinning ecstatically. The surprise jostle seems to have weakened her control, and she doesn't suspect that you're trying to make her wet her pants. You'd probably have to play it cool for the rest of the car trip.

You were almost home anyways.

###

Within a few minutes, you arrive back at your house. Poor Nikki is panting hard as she struggles to keep her fluids inside her body.

"We're here." You say. "Let's hurry and get inside."

Nikki nods and gets out of the car. She pathetically hobbles and hops over to the door step, trying as hard as she can not to remove her hands from their position.

"Oh, thank God we're finally here! Come on, let me in!"

You walk up to the door and you hand hovers over your pocket... but...

What should you do?

> Get out your key and let Nikki in

> Pretend you lost your key

> Get out your key then "accidentally" drop it

> Other

Current Trust Level: Friendly (but still on alert for treachery)

$

*398*2014-04-12 05:51

{{:

"After this, we'll have to go back and get those cones."

Nikki nods in agreement.

}}

We will go back, provided Nikki doesn't get angered and knock the player unconscious then after peeing on him/her, goes back to the ice cream store alone to eat both cones.

;____;

