Clinic Desperation

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-07-13 03:39

Summary: Right in the middle of a physical exam (or what have you) at the doctor's office, a female patient is suddenly overcome with the need to relieve herself, but tries to hold it, lying down while being examined "down there,". The doctor embarassingly points out her situation, which then leads into how she could possibly relieve herself. She asks for a bedpan or some kind of container, but the clinic has no such hospital-level materials, and the doctor brings her a diaper instead. But there is only one diaper, and the doctor has been drinking all day as well....

“Heather Lane!” The monotonous voice crackled over the intercom, announcing that a new patient was ready to be served. The patient, Heather Lane, looked up from her magazine. She was about 35 years old, with short, dirty blonde hair, and an average but curvaceous figure. She inwardly hoped that she got a female doctor, as this was a gynecology visit, and men tended to drool when she exposed her body. Getting to her feet, she downed the rest of her iced tea and drew her red overcoat around her to shield herself from the cold breeze circulating through the thinly carpeted waiting room. A young female nurse with a clipboard appeared at the pharmacy window. Flashing a bright smile, the nurse gestured down the hall. “Please, follow me, ma’am.” Heather strode after the young woman until they reached a small room with a large window, a sink, and a counter with a cabinet, probably full of different medications. She sat on the counter, and the nurse produced a paper-thin gown.

“The doctor will be with you in a minute, miss.” The nurse smiled again and left. Heather was reluctant to abandon the warmth of her coat, especially to the drafty chill of the sterile room, but she removed the coat and her blouse before kicking of her shoes and peeling away her stockings, skirt, and socks. There she sat, shivering as the AC whipped past her exposed flesh, when a sudden urge to pee hit her. Cold weather always made her need to pee, and this room was definitely cold. It wasn’t bad, just a dull ache in the pit of her abdomen, so she was fairly certain she could hold it.

The door swung open, and the doctor walked in. She was fairly close in age to Heather, maybe 5 or 6 years older, with a figure to match. She too had a clipboard, and closed crop dark brown hair, bright eyes, and rather hawkish but pleasant features. She smiled at Heather. “Good afternoon, Ms. Lane. I am Doctor Janet Williams, and I assume you are here for the gynecology visit?” Heather nodded, trying not to think of this woman as attractive. She was completely straight, but this doctor began to force her to question her orientation. She pushed this thought out of her mind.

“Are you ready to begin?” asked Dr. Williams. Heather nodded. The doctor opened the cabinet and pulled out a stethoscope. She placed it between Heather’s breasts and listened intently. “Alright, heart rate seems normal; let me check your reflexes.”

This went on for about a half hour, and by now, Heather’s bladder was uncomfortably full. The iced tea she’d had earlier was definitely starting to manifest itself now, and she couldn’t help but squirm a bit as the doctor went about checking her for hernias, sipping from her thermos occasionally. After another ten minutes, she couldn’t sit still. She gripped the sides of the table hard and bounced her legs up and down quickly. When the doctor turned around, she gave herself a quick squeeze. Finally, the doctor turned around.

“Alright, Ms. Lane, we’re almost finished. I just need to check your genital area and we’ll be finished.” Heather inwardly groaned, as this part of the exam would force her to spread her legs, depriving her of her first line of defense against the overfilled reservoir of urine contained just beyond the area the doctor was about to explore. With difficulty, she parted her legs. The doctor ran her hands around Heather’s stomach and inner thigh, occasionally pressing on her abdomen, sending a sharp pain through Heather’s pee pouch, and she spurted a little to her panties. It wasn’t much but it was, to Heather’s horror, completely visible. She gasped, and the doctor looked up.

“Ms. Lane, is everything alright?” Heather didn’t know what to say, and she closed her eyes and she blushed as the doctor’s eyes dropped to her midsection. “Oh my…um…” Heather’s face was bright red. “I…I’m so sorry, I just couldn’t hold it all in…” The doctor smiled sympathetically and waved Heather’s apology away, which Heather found odd, almost as if… she expected this to happen?

“Oh no, I’s my fault…I should have let you go before we started… Heather grimaced as her bladder shuddered angrily. “Its fine, I’ll just go to the bathro-“ Heather jiggled the door handle, but it wouldn’t budge. Panic seeped like ice into her stomach. “Uh, doc? The door won’t move!” The doctor tried the handle. It was true, they were trapped. Heather danced desperately again, almost on the verge of tears. “Don’t you have, like, a bedpan or something?” The doctor shook her head apologetically. Heather groaned “A bucket? A bowl? Please, just give me something to pee into!” Heather was wiggling on the table now, hands buried deep between her legs. The doctor looked frazzled.

“Um, O-ok, let me see what I have here…” She went through the cabinets, rifling and cursing to herself. Heather was growing steadily more desperate, and could feel herself spurt again, and this time, it was much harder to close the floodgates again. Finally, the doctor comes up with one standard issue adult diaper, clearly built for someone twice Heather’s size. “This is all I could find…” Heather almost cried with relief. “I don’t care, I’m about to burst, just give it here.” The doctor looked at Heather.

“Well, there’s just one problem…” Heather clicked her tongue impatiently. “What, what is it?” That’s when she noticed the doctor’s legs were doubly crossed and she was bouncing a little. Heather looked up. “Oh, no don’t tell me you have to pee TOO…” The doctor inhaled sharply. “Like a racehorse. I’ve been holding this since my shift began, I’m absolutely bursting.” Heather groaned again. “Well, I don’t know what we’re gonna do, I’ve gotta pee soooo bad…” The doctor nodded, now squirming as well. Dr. Williams thought for a minute.

“Well…I do have….one idea...” Heather looked up at her. “What, what is it?” Dr. Williams bit her lip. “Well, I-I don’t know if-“Heather cut her off. “Listen, doc, if you’ve got an idea that’s gonna stop us both wetting ourselves, you need to spit it out. You’re not gonna last much longer, and neither am I!” the doctor was pacing now. Heather sucked air between her teeth. “Well, the diaper is rather big…you know, maybe even for two?” Heather froze and looked at Dr. Williams. “Excuse me?” Dr. Williams drew herself up and tried to sound stern. “Listen ma’am, I know this is strange, and may be uncomfortable, but what other choice do we have? Like you said, our bladders won’t last much longer.” Heather paused for a moment, and then glanced at the door. She crossed the room and locked it.

“Never speak to ANYONE about this.” The doctor nodded. “Please come here, Ms. Lane,” she said as hurriedly undid the waistband of her skirt and pulled down her panties. Heather nervously dropped her panties as well. Dr. Williams doubled over. “Please hurry ma’am, this is a rather urgent situation.” Heather stood as close as she could to Dr. Williams as she pulled up the diaper, snugly fitting both of them. “Now, there is extra padding in the diaper to compensate for the…extra liquid. Whenever you’re ready...” Heather pursed her lips. “At the same time. One, two, THREE!”

“Both women began to pee with a vengeance, moaning simultaneously as they relaxed their overtaxed bladders. Heather felt so good, finally releasing her pent up liquid, and she the feeling she got from urinating into this diaper was extremely pleasant, almost…erotic. She didn’t know what made her do it, but she stuck her hand in the diaper and began fingering Dr. Williams’ peeing snatch. Not two seconds later, she felt a hand on her dripping cunt. She looked up and saw Dr. Williams’ working her hand furiously against her labia.

Heather After only a few strokes, both women came in two earth-shattering orgasms. They sank to the floor. Dr. Williams sighed. “Ma’am, I have a confession to make.” Heather looked at her, black hot horror filling her stomach. What if she decided to turn Heather in for sexual harassment? She really didn’t know what made her do it, but she felt a strange tingle from having this woman’s urine on her pussy. The doctor sighed. “This was a set-up.” Heather narrowed her eyes. “Wait…what?” The doctor looked into her eyes.

“I have this…fetish, one that’s been with me since I was 14. It…turns me on to see women who are desperate to pee. When I saw you out there, drinking your iced tea and saw how sensitive you were to the cold, I made sure that my nurse didn’t let you in till you had finished it. I drank a bunch of water and coffee myself, and then locked us in here so we’d be desperate but not able to do anything about it. God, that turns me on so much…” She paused for a minute to caress her clit.

“Anyway, I found the diaper, and I knew it was big enough for two, so I thought we could share it. I wanted us to share our bladders, to fill them to bursting point only to be denied relief. I wanted to watch you squirm and sweat with desperation as I fought my own raging ocean inside.” The doctor bowed her head. “I am terribly sorry for what I have put you through…I will give you this check-up free of charge if you don’t mention it to anyone else…” Heather slowly smiled.

“Deal.” The doctor smiled and went about cleaning the mess. “Oh, and doc…” the doctor looked up. Heather grinned. “I have a check-up scheduled for next month, and I have plenty of coupons for McDonald’s iced tea. I’ll request you again, just make sure you’re…properly hydrated. Now, can we finish this check-up?” The doctor smiled again. Little did they know that the nurse was watching through the keyhole, and was her cunt was beginning to drip for different reasons as she held up a tray with two complimentary cups of coffee and two fast-acting, quick-dissolving diuretic pills…

