Milk, Milk, Lemonade

Author: buggy2013

*000*2018-02-28 13:58

Jason sat at his desk desperately trying to cram down his lunch and read over paperwork. His legs twisted and bounced under the desktop while he struggled to ignore his engorged bladder.

Today had been ridiculously busy for the second shift manager, with a crisis around every corner. Being the highest ranking individual on the clock today, he’d been pulled around the supercenter all day to correct each mishap. It seemed like every time he cleaned up some kind of disaster and was on his way to take a break, a different voice squawked over the headset requesting his assistance. He tried to delegate, but with the flu going around there weren’t too many spare people to share the extra work.

Finally he’d gotten a few minutes of peace and was determined to get something in his belly. He hadn’t eaten before work, making the last time he’d eaten being supper time yesterday. He had another need that wouldn’t be put off much longer as well. Of course the man had developed a bladder like a steel drum, accustomed to being ignored for hours. It had taken a little too much coffee to get him going that morning, and without having a minute to spare until now, he was ready to burst.

Finally, having shoved his sandwich down his throat, washed away with a bottle of juice, he decided the visit the restroom before he touched another scrap of work. His pants were digging uncomfortably into his bladder and he could feel the pent up liquid pressing insistently.

“Jason, Jason?” a timid voice chirped on the line and he groaned. He recognized the voice to be that of one of their young stockers.

Abby had been with the store about six months, and proving to be a valuable worker. She’d already trained in four different departments and easily got 40 hours a week between them all, despite only being considered ‘part-time’. She was clearly looking to go places, and the management team was willing to get her there, the only problem being that she was so damn shy. They couldn’t promote her until they see a little more backbone out of the timid youngster.

“What, what?” Jason answered lightly, mocking the store’s radio policy of repeating your target audience’s name to ‘ensure that they hear you’.

“The temperature in the walk-in is going up. Even with the door closed.” The fragile-sounding voice explained. You could tell she really was not comfortable speaking over the headset. Having a conversation with her in person could be just as bad.

“Which department are you in today?” he asked, jostling his leg aggressively. If she was in produce, it could wait. If she was in dairy, it was urgent. The other two she was trained for didn’t have a cooler, as they didn’t chill electronics or stationary.

“Dairy.” she squeaked. Jason made sure his finger was off of the button before groaning loudly. He had to piss! Which would only take a few minutes, including the walk, but if he didn’t get there before the temperature got too high then the reading would show up in the records for tomorrow’s meeting.

“I’ll be there in a sec. Keep the door closed.” he directed, deciding that the wrath he would face for letting the cooler warm up was worse than holding his bladder a few extra moments. He was an adult, after all. He assured himself that he could pee right after.

“10-4” Abby signed off. He sighed again and pushed away from the desk. He thought about radioing Mark to tell him to take any questions while he was gone, as the signal in the storage areas was weak. He decided he wouldn't be back there too long. As he left the office he took a longing glance down the hall where the closest restrooms were, only to see that they were closed for cleaning. That settles it, there’s no time to walk to the other end of the building just to pee. The headed in the opposite direction to the dairy department.

Once he’d reached the cooler door he checked the temperature, definitely too warm. Most likely the sensor was disconnected again. The door used to lead outside, but they did some remodeling and added a walk-in to split up the two departments that were sharing.

Only problem is, the company that attached the new cooler did a shitty job. As an eco-friendly feature, the cooler only ran when the door was closed. It was some energy saving feature that their owner loved. The guys that installed it didn't line the sensors up properly and sometimes it didn't know when it was closed.

Jason opened the door and immediately squeezed his legs together. The cold air made his brimming bladder pulse in protest. Ignoring it, he squeezed his way inside and shut the door.

“Hi Jason.” He heard Abby squeak, and turned to see her peek out from behind a tall stack of milk crates.

“Hi, Abby. You didn't have to stay in here, you know.” He corrected, hoping the girl wouldn't take it as chastisement. She was quick to beat herself up. He turned to the panel on the wall and went about resetting the sensors.

“I know, but I was done on the sales floor and just had to straighten up back here. I won't be in the way.” She promised, but Jason wasn't paying much attention.

His bladder throbbed insistently, and he tapped a foot impatiently. The reset didn't kick the cooler back on, so it didn’t work. That meant he had to re-orient the sensors manually, which was much more time consuming.

Behind him, he could hear Abby organizing and moving things. She really was a hard worker, and very smart. Honestly, he’d feel comfortable teaching her how to correct this, she's responsible enough.

He was just about to give up and run to the restroom, claiming he needed the manual as an excuse. He really didn't think he could hold it much longer with these conditions. He decided to try one more time though. A rush of cold air and the whirring of the motor made them both jump in surprise.

“Nice job!” She praised, and he realized she was just standing there watching him work. A quick glance around proved that the area was spotless.

“You too.” He noted, grabbing for the door handle. His heart skipped a beat when it stuck. He pushed harder and it still didn't budge.

“Crap. What time is it?” Abby asked and Jason checked his watch.

“10:15” he answered before tugging on the door again.

“At 10 all of the unnecessary exit doors are locked. Mark likes to forget that this isn't an exit anymore.” She explained. Jason groaned, the locks were electric, controlled on the computer in the manager's office. Truth be told, a lot of them forgot Door C6 doesn't need to be locked anymore.

“Shit. Has this happened before?” Jason asked, trying to disguise his desperate fidgeting as impatience. It was getting colder now that everything was running properly, and his back teeth were floating.

“Yeah, once. There were two of us and I got locked in. Bradley had to radio Mark from the sales floor to tell him to unlock it. The radios don't work in here.” She explained. That was not good news.

“Any ideas?” He asked, thinking desperately.

“Didn't you tell Mark you were coming back here?” She asked.

“No.” He sighed, jiggling his leg frantically. This was so not good. He can't remember the last time he had to pee so badly.

“Well, I hear you getting called all day. I'm sure they'll notice when you suddenly stop answering.” She assured, level-headedly. She perched cross legged on an empty pallet, giving him room to pace. His lower tummy ached from the over taxing he was putting it through. He wanted to think of a way out, but every thought he had was disrupted with ‘I need to pee!’

“If you're cold, my jacket is over there. I'm used to being in here for long stretches.” Abby offered sweetly, misinterpreting his jittery movement. He shook his head, reminding himself to be polite.

“I'm not too cold, thank you though.” He said, knowing that he was not doing a good job of hiding his desperate state but it was about to come out! He truly wasn't sure he could wait for Mark’s dumb ass to figure out he was missing.

His brain started to wander to think of anything he could do to relieve himself without walking out of this cooler with wet pants. He looked at the no-sale bin. If goods were damaged or gone bad they were emptied and put into that bin until they could be counted and thrown away. It was a way of keeping track of what was going to waste.

He looked longingly at the many containers, sure one of them could hold his bladders’ contents. He couldn't do that though, he could just see the sexual harassment report now. And Abby is young, young enough to be in school. He was pretty sure ‘school’ was college though. It had to be. Sure she was only here in the evenings, but she must be pulling way too many hours for a minor.

A particularly forceful pang in his bladder had him crossing his legs and nearly doubling over. He tried to think of a way to cover it, but couldn't think straight. He wandered behind the stack of milk crates so he could hold himself. If Abby was a minor he didn’t need to have his hands anywhere near that area in front of her.

“The cooler makes it a million times worse when you gotta go.” She said softly, and he felt his face go red. He was a grown man, and her boss. She should not be seeing him like this. “Is it bad?” She asked.

“I haven't gone all day.” He admitted, face getting redder and he felt a small spurt dampen his boxers. He was not going to make it.

“There's a milk jug in there. The jug is fine, the milk was out of date. I won't look. You look like you're in pain.” She permissed and he wanted to say that he could hold it. He wanted to believe he could hold it as long as he needed to.

“Mark?… Mark, Mark?” he asked over the headset.

“It didn’t go through.” Abby confirmed.

“Do you have your phone?” he asked, absolutely shaking from the chill and desperation. He felt another leak sitting at the tip of his cock ready to spill out.

“No, I keep it in my car while I’m at work.” she answered. Damn this kid and her fucking immaculate work-ethic. Jason heard her move and prayed she wouldn’t round the crates. He’d probably die of embarrassment if she saw him like this.

A loud noise over his head made him jump, losing the previously contained spurt. He looked up to see an empty jug sitting in one of the crates. He reached up and took it. He fumbled to get the cap off and stopped with his hand on his fly.

“How old are you?” he asked, praying he wouldn’t lose his damn career over this.

“21.” she said quietly, and that’s all he needed to hear. He tugged frantically at the zip of his pants. A spurt washed over his hand before he was able to stuff himself into the bottle.

He panted heavily while he relieved himself of far too much urine. He felt the jug get heavy and stood there trembling in absolute relief. He hesitated to move the jug, as his bladder kept cramping and releasing little dribbles.

Finally he set it aside and tucked himself in. His abdomen ached horribly, and he knew he’d be up to pee every freaking hour tonight.

“You okay?” She asked, snapping him from his glazed over state.

“I am so sorry about that, Abby. I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable, I really could not wait.” He apologized, unable to move from his spot due to the jellied feeling of his legs.

“I’m fine. I could tell you were about to explode. Can I ask why you waited so long?” She asked, and he wondered why she would possibly care, unless this was her way of trying to help negate some of the awkwardness. She was quite shy after all.

“Um, well I was just busy. You know how it gets around here sometimes, hectic and unruly. I just kept getting pulled in all directions and never got the chance to go.” He answered, thinking in the back of his mind how that wasn’t exactly true. There were several opportunities he could have taken to pop into the bathroom quickly. He’d chosen not to. He massaged his aching tummy muscles reflectively.

“Huh. I personally like the feeling. Waiting until the last minute. It’s kinda like a challenge you know?” She said casually, surprising the man. Suddenly a thought popped into his mind of meek little Abby squirming desperately and begging to pee. His southern region took note of the idea and he quickly banished it. He heard Abby moving around on the other side of the milk crate wall.

“I guess I didn’t think about it like that. Now that you mention it I guess I had a few chances to go and didn’t take them.” He admitted. He heard the swish of vinyl and caught a glimpse of the blue coat disappearing from the pile of yogurt boxes. Only then did he realize how very cold it had gotten.

“Um, Jason?” She squeaked, timid voice back in place.

“What’s up?” He called.

“My phone is in my coat pocket. I’m so sorry! I thought I didn’t have it!” She chirped nervously.

“It’s okay, do you have Mark’s number?” He asked patiently, doing well to keep the sigh from his voice.

“Yeah I’m calling him! … … … Mark! Hi, yeah. No- very funny. Listen, Jason and I are locked in the dairy cooler. No! Are you-“

Jason, who had emerged from his hiding place behind the crates held his hand out for the phone. Abby handed it over. She was blushing and Jason could only imagine what lude bullshit Mark was spewing on the other end.

“Mark, you wanna put a sock in it and unlock us before we freeze to death?” Jason snapped.

“Sure you don’t want a few more minutes, buddy boy?” Mark chortled obnoxiously.

“You sure that’s how you wanna-“

“Settle down. Lemme finish my smoke and I’ll let you out. I’ll be two minutes. Make the best of it.” The line went dead and Jason vowed to make the third shifter’s life hell tomorrow. He handed the phone back and Abby stuck it in her pocket looking at the floor.

“You know he’s just joking right?” He checked and she smiled.

“I know. Sorry, what were you saying before this? I cut you off.” She covered startling him by meeting his gaze.

“Just saying that I’m used to putting it off. I guess at some my brain just decided that I don’t really have to go unless I’m about to explode.” He admitted, brain trying to chew over how he was getting the bottle of piss to the slop sink just outside the door without being seen. He would absolutely die.

“Bet I could beat you. I might be tiny, but I can hold it for ages.” She boasted, and it almost sounded like a challenge. He peeked up to see an almost hungry look in her eyes. She smirked at him in a way that he wouldn’t have expected of her. He felt his downstairs brain stir again. Abby was a pretty girl, and if she was 21 then he wasn’t as much older as he thought at 27. Sure he was a manager, and this could be a huge problem if anyone knew… but who had to know?

“Wanna bet on it?” He asked boldly, bringing a small smirk to her lips.

“What are you thinking?” She asked, locking on his gaze.

“Give me a few days to recover and we’ll have a little contest. Maybe go out for drinks then go to my place and watch a movie, see who cracks first.” He proposed, hoping desperately that he wasn’t misreading anything. Her phone buzzed in her hand and she looked at it.

“Mark says we’re free. Text me when you’re ready to lose that contest.” She invited with a wink, before escaping lithely through the door. Jason was left shaking in the cooler, hoping a few more minutes in the cold would dispel his boner.

*004*2018-03-02 11:05

Thanks for the kind words. Hope to have a second part soon :)

