Roadside Accidents?

Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-07-26 08:17

Three girls sat around a table in the backyard, drinking kool-aid and eating watermelon. It was a hot summer day, so staying hydrated was something they were holding each other accountable for. They were all wearing bathing suits under their clothes.

“You guys ready to get going?” Bekah asked, standing up. The girls responded affirmatively. “We gotta finish the kool-aid,” she said, picking it up. “We can’t leave this much, it’s like, barely a glass!”

The only person whose cup was empty enough was Mackenzie’s. Bekah filled it to the brim. “Awe, dude, I can’t drink all that!” she said, “Barely a glass my ass. I already had like three cups!”

“Let’s just chug it. Ready, guys?” she gave a count down, and the girls downed their drinks.

Mackenzie, who had a considerable amount more to drink than the rest of them, felt like her belly was about to burst by the time she finished. She groaned, holding her gut as she put her empty cup down. On top of that, her jean shorts were way too small. They constricted around her belly in an uncomfortable way, riding up her ass and hugging her legs too tightly.

Bekah felt an inkling of an urge to pee, but she didn’t feel that it was urgent enough to use the toilet before leaving. The pool was only a ten minute drive. Plus, she intentionally avoided taking “just in case” bathroom breaks, having been told it worsened her tendency to leak. Laughing too hard, lifting heavy things, and just having a full enough bladder put her in the danger zone. Luckily, her little pink shorts weren’t too constrictive around her belly.

Bailey was excited. She loved the pool for a reason she couldn’t share with her friends. She liked swimming and all, but she especially liked how no one could tell if she was peeing. As soon as the plan was made earlier that day, she avoided going to the restroom. She drank extra. There was a dull but urgent ache radiating through her urinary system. She was frequently pulling the front of her leggings away from her belly and letting it thwap against her bladder. She loved the feeling of being exceptionally overfull. She wanted to be dying to urinate, unbeknownst to everyone around her. It was thrilling to hide it like that. Then, just when she physically couldn’t keep it in anymore, she’d let it out into the water. It was a risky activity for somebody so shy, but it was too much fun. She did it every time they went swimming.

Bailey drove. Bekah rode shotgun and Mackenzie sat in the back. As the ride went on, she fiddled with her tight waistband as it dug into her belly almost constantly, pulling out wedgies and pulling the cuffs down her thighs when it started to bother her. She leaned back and sighed, suddenly noticing that she was jiggling her legs. “I gotta pee,” she said.

“Me too,” Bekah replied. “I’m gonna pee in the pool.”

“Eww! You do that?”

“Do you not? Everybody does that!”

“That is not true,” Mackenzie said, “I’ve never pee’d in the pool.”

“Liar.”

While they went back and forth, Bailey bit her lip, squishing her thighs together and moving her butt around in the seat. All of the fluids she’d consumed were starting to really catch up to her. She was eager to get to the pool.

The car suddenly started making a weird noise. Before the girls could even say anything about it, the engine started sputtering. “Oh fuck…” Bailey groaned. As she pulled over into a parking space on the side of the street, the engine cut off. She made one call to her dad, then to roadside maintenance service. Her heart dropped when she checked the tracker.

“They’re not gonna be here for another 45 minutes,” she said, pressing her legs together. “I’m sorry, guys. If you want to get someone to pick you guys up it’s cool, but I have to stay with the car.”

“We’re not gonna leave you, Bailey!” Bekah told her.

“Yeah, I just wish there was somewhere around us to go to the bathroom,” Mackenzie said, crossing her legs. They were surrounded by houses and apartments. The other two had no idea just how much liquid Bailey was holding inside of her, and she was worried she wouldn’t be able to wait 45 minutes. She bit her lip and smirked a little, discreetly pressing her fingers into her crotch. The situation gave her butterflies.

*002*2022-08-22 23:11

Bored, sitting in the car, the three started bouncing jokes off of each other. Bekah was laughing pretty hard, squirming in the seat a little as it put pressure on her throbbing bladder. One laugh was enough to squirt a bit of pee into the bikini bottoms she was wearing under her shorts, causing her to tense up and squeeze herself, jiggling from really needing to go.

Bailey saw it out of the corner of her eye. She felt a little guilty about her fascination with other people’s desperation, and tried to make a point to only explore her own. Anytime it happened around her, however, she just couldn’t help but pay a little extra attention. Still, her own desperation was more than enough to focus on. She was really bursting now. It took everything she had not to do a full-blown potty dance in her seat right there.

She wasn’t quite as desperate as Bailey was, but Mackenzie also really needed to pee. Her constrictive outfit wasn’t helping her situation in the slightest. She was moving her butt around in the seat, constantly fiddling with her waistband. She bit her lip and discreetly gave herself a squeeze. “How much longer until the mechanic gets here?” she asked nervously, her movements getting more dramatic as a wave of urinary urgency went through her body.

Bailey checked her phone, squeezing the side of her leggings so tight her knuckles turned white. She direly needed to urinate. She would’ve been letting it out into her bikini by now. “Twenty more minutes,” she said.

“I need to tinkle…” Mackenzie groaned, pulling the waistband of her shorts up so the fabric presses against her crotch, scooting her butt around.

“Yeah, same,” Bekah chuckled, feeling the little warm spot on her crotch getting cold. There was a tickle in her nose. She sneezed, squirting more pee out into her bikini. She winced and grabbed her privates. “Fuck dude, I have to go bad,” she said, wriggling in her seat.

/ / /

Fifteen minutes later, urination was practically the only topic they were discussing. None of them could concentrate on anything else. Bailey stayed pretty quiet through the whole thing, though she was seriously dying, The spot on Bekah’s shorts had grown to the size of an orange. Mackenzie was battling intense waves of desperation, growing increasingly worried about having an accident. Once again the urgency started to rise, pressure building on her urethral sphincter. “Oh my god, I have to gooo…” she groaned, pushing her fingers into her crotch as she wriggled around in the seat. Her shorts dug painfully into her bloated belly. It really felt like it was going to leak out. “Ahhh-“ she winced, lurching forward. “I gotta walk around or something,” she said, hurriedly getting out and pacing down the street, pulling her tight waistband away from her full, swollen bladder.

“I don’t know how people move around so much when their bladder is full like that,” Bekah said, her hand squeezing her vagina. “I don’t want to move. I feel like I’ll pee if I do.”

Bailey didn’t even want to breathe. She needed to piss so badly.

“I mean, I guess I can’t really sit still…” she continued, squirming in her seat. She lowered her voice. “I’m scared I can’t even get up at this point…” She giggled nervously. A little bit of pee seeped out, the dark spot on her crotch growing down to her butt. “Ughhh fuck…! Mmmph-“ She winced. “S-should I sit on my towel?”

Bailey was trying to hide two things: the fact that she was unbelievably aroused by what was going on, and the fact that this was the most desperate she had ever been. Her howling bladder was pounding with urgency, begging to be emptied. She imagined that was what Bekah and Mackenzie felt, everyone on the verge of an accident. She was genuinely anxious about her situation. Her friends didn’t even know she needed to pee. That was what made it so attractive. “You don’t need to sit on your towel, man,” Bailey said, trying her hardest not to let her voice tremble.

“I’m worried I’m gonna pee,” Bekah told her quietly, “I-I leak…”

“It’s okay,” Bailey reassured.

A little more urine forced it’s way out of her. “Nngh- Ooohhh…” she whimpered, wedging her hands between her soggy crotch and the seat. “It- it’s not okay, Bailey, I’m gonna have an accident!”

“Bekah…” she started, but her friend was in crisis. Bekah yelped as a hard spurt came out, followed by a gentle trickle she couldn’t stop. She frantically stumbled out of the car, yanking at her shorts as she desperately writhed and danced. “Ahh-“ she whined as the dark patch on her shorts started rapidly growing. She finally got them unbuttoned, yanked them to her knees and squatted, pissing hard into her bikini. “Mmm-“ she moaned into her hand, her face a deep shade of red. Hissing was heard before the splattering.

Bailey couldn’t believe her eyes. The sight and sound was incredibly attractive, but also absolute torture. She grabbed her crotch, her bladder crying for relief.

“Oh my god, Bekah!” Mackenzie exclaimed, holding herself and dancing around.

“I couldn’t hold it!” she said, still urinating as she fell on her butt into her puddle and pulled her shorts all the way off.

“That’s literally disgusting. You’re sitting in it!”

“Ugh…” Bekah groaned, standing up. Her stream faltered for a second with the action, but quickly resumed. Yellow liquid cascaded down her slightly parted legs. “It feels so good…” she mumbled.

*003*2022-08-23 19:13

Bekah dropped to a squat, pissing harder that way. “Ooh…” she groaned, cradling her bladder. She was still urinating into her bikini when the tow truck driver pulled up. She gasped and stood up, leaking heavily down her thighs. “Oh my god…” she groaned, balling up her shorts and stuffing them into her bag.

“A-are you still peeing?” Bailey asked nervously.

“I’m dribbling,” she said, then took a deep breath and walked over to where Mackenzie was hopping around.

Bailey stepped out of the car as he walked up to it. Her bladder was stretched huge and screaming to be emptied. She greeted him with a shaky voice, unable to stay still. He returned the greeting, glancing down at her dancing feet. She wanted to die, she was so embarrassed. She squirmed the whole time she talked to the tow truck driver, her face a deep shade of red. Awkwardly deciding that it might lessen the humiliation if she acknowledged the glaringly obvious situation she found herself in, she found herself repeating similar things: “I’m sorry, I’m bursting…” she kept saying in between her questions and answers, “I’m so sorry, I just really need a bathroom…”

“It’s alright,” he laughed. “Do you have someone to pick you up?”

“Uhhh, g-guys?” she called to them.

They weren’t paying attention until then. She repeated the question. “We’re calling Sam to come get us!” Mackenzie said, stepping around before crossing her legs and turning back around.

“Alright, well, all I’ll need is…” the truck driver continued, but Bailey couldn’t concentrate. In the midst of the constant, unbearable pressure surging through her urinary system, an extreme contraction forced piss out at an alarming strength. She lurched forward, squeezing her squirting privates. It was like her bladder was squeezing itself, making the intensely uncomfortable executive decision to void now. Another one. Then an even worse one. She was trying desperately to hold it back, but before she knew it, she was releasing hot urine into her leggings full-force.

“Uh oh…” he mumbled, watching the yellow liquid patter onto the pavement. “Hey, come here come here come here…” He grabbed her arm and gently but hurriedly pulled her to the other side of his truck. “Before your friends see…” he said, going into the passenger door and taking out a couple of rags. Bailey was crying, red as a tomato, shyly covering her crotch with her hands as she uncontrollably exploded into her leggings. She tried to at least let it out a little slower so she wasn’t hissing so loudly, but she couldn’t. She had lost all control.

“Listen, my wife has bladder issues, so I’m the last person that’s going to judge you about this,” he said, standing in front of her waiting for her to finish. The urine pooled at her feet and streamed down the road. It just kept coming. “N-not to say you have bladder issues!” he clarified, “I’m sure you… drank a lot.”

“Oh, god…” she started to cry.

“Oh! D-don’t cry! Listen, here’s some rags. I’ll give you some privacy while I pull your car up, okay?” He handed them to her and left. She pee’d herself for what felt like forever. It eventually tapered off, urine dripping down her legs and into her water-logged sneakers, squelching with every step. The puddle was massive. She wiped her legs as dry as she could. The tow truck driver poked his head around the truck. “You okay?” he asked.

She was still crying a little. “Y-yeah… Thanks.”

“You attached to those shoes? I don’t think you can get ‘em home too discreetly.”

“No, I guess not…”

She paid, threw her shoes and socks into a nearby dumpster, then the driver took his leave. The warmth of her accident gradually turned cold. Barefoot, she sheepishly went over to where her friends were, hoping it didn’t look like she’d been crying.

*005*2022-08-23 22:38

{{1 hour ago, faffef said:

Only a remark for you: Vagina is the internal part of the vulva, also, they peeing with the urethra, so "her hand squeezing her vagina" make don't sense at all.

}}

I’ve heard multiple women say “holding my vagina” so I didn’t think anything of it. Kind of just talking about the general area anyway.

