Sisterhood of Blood - Page 12

Author: frostyjr2

*275*2013-11-30 04:07

{{:

After 6 months and 29 chapters I am still amazed at you imagination and ability to take the story into new territory. This chapter is as finely crafted as the first.

Although, the young man was arrogant, and disrespectful of women I can’t help but feel sorry for him in the cruel hands of Cestus. The eternal pain and suffering he has in store for him in one of Cestus’s house of pain theater presentations, will likely leave him feeling totally despondent for some time. Of course this is to be expected of a character we love to hate, Cestus

The good news is plenty of humiliating Omo for this hapless person.

Thank you Frosty for once again putting in many hours of work, diligently working on every detail of your tale until it tracks perfectly.

___

I have an unrelated question. I think I noticed in an entirely unrelated thread you discussing your love of guitar, but here your character loves the sax. It is also featured today as the accompanying music. Do you favor or play one of these instruments.

}}

First, thanks for your detailed comments, wettingman. i always look forward to what you have to say about the latest chapter of SoB.

Second, apologies for taking so long to answer your question. i love the sax, and i played clarinet when i was in school

But i actually do play the guitar now; there are links to some audio tracks i've recorded and posted on soundcloud in the 'my guitar' thread in the 'completely off-topic' section of the forum, if you want to hear what some of the guitars i've built sound like...

Oh, and yes, what i sound like also... at least, what i sound like when i'm playing the guitar.

{{:

Another awesome chapter my friend! The way you develop your characters and capture their emotions and feelings is simply astounding, and Bethy's reaction to meeting Judith and Kris is priceless! Should I feel any compassion for Bethy? It's something too close to my heart for me to feel anything other than delighted to see such an aggressive character forced into submission in such a way, and I think her complete transformation (obviously with the exception of her little secret!) is the work of an inspired genius!

It's ironic the way 'evil' characters such as Cestus get the chance to redeem themselves ever so slightly, if only by inflicting suffering on those arguably even more malevolent than themselves. You've woven a tangled and intricate web, yet one that's perfectly precise and flawless, and so beautifully written that you amaze and delight me week after week! Thank you so much for all your hard work and commitment, and for always being so awesome! You can probably guess what I'm going to say next ... I love it, and I love you too! :)

}}

TY, TY, TY, orango... you are far too kind... but that doesn't mean i don't appreciate every word of it.

This world is not black and white, but all merely shades of grey, and i hope to convey that in Sisterhood of Blood because i truly feel that, as i say in my sig,

'the dawn needs midnight, just as midnight needs the dawn'.

*279*2013-12-01 18:51

{{:

Interesting story, I must confess to being so distracted by it that I had to take a little break from reading...

}}

Ummm... it does have that effect sometimes, doesn't it ?

*280*2013-12-06 07:35

Dear friends, fans and fiends, yes, it's Friday again, and time for the latest chapter of SoB...

A brief moment in time, a pause in the headlong rush to this mini-Armageddon which has been brewing for a very long time now... welcome to my nightmare (or Cool's, but then, that's basically the same thing).

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt.31)

FEAR NO EVIL (Cool and Petra)

Bar Henry Bistro, NYC, present day

(sound track: Wild Is The Wind, performed by David Bowie with Mike Garson)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3roSrfvaU0

As we continued to prepare for the upcoming battle, we were now focused more on learning to work as a team rather than as a group of individuals. Tonight, we were taking a break from the enforced constant togetherness, though; it was almost inevitable that with the stress of the upcoming fight we would all become testy and irritable, and start to get on each others' nerves.

So Hannah was meditating, and the rest of us had split up into pairs for the night: Kat and Peter were off somewhere on a kind of 'date', River and Vicky had decided to go out clubbing together at Cielo, and Petra and I were in a downtown cabaret bar, listening to a marvelous vocalist as he sang songs of romantic yearning to the sound of an old grand piano played by his excellent accompanist.

Neither of us was in the mood for casual conversation, so we both just sat there listening to the music and quietly drinking, lost in our own thoughts. After a while, I had started squirming discreetly in my chair, but not entirely for the usual reason.

That fateful day was approaching rather quickly now, the day that Hannah had chosen for the showdown between our little clan and Judith’s, but between Hannah and Kat alternating with our training, all of us had honed our skills to a fine edge, and we were as ready as we would ever be.

With River no longer a weak link, the battle plan had changed a bit; we were no longer obligated to fight defensively, but we were still hoping to identify and eliminate the weakest links on the opposing side with speed and efficiency in order to focus on whatever the main threat might be.

Both Hannah and Kat were convinced that Judith had some kind of 'ace in the hole', some secret weapon that made her absolutely certain that she would at least have a fighting chance against us, if not virtually assuring her of victory. Her personal experience with Vicky certainly wouldn’t have led Judith to consider her as any kind of threat, and as for the twins, as far as she knew, they were still relatively weak humans, and as such, not much of a threat either now that she and Kris were aware of their capabilities, assuming that we would even allow them to participate in the big fight.

But then again, as far as they knew, we were desperate to come up with a sufficient number of fighters to meet their seven, so the obvious solution would be to enlist Vicky’s siblings to help fight for her, even if having two humans fighting alongside of us was a bit of a stretch in terms of the definition of what a ‘clan’ was. Normally it would only be vampires in the fight, but this was a bit of a unique situation, and the term could be open to a somewhat less strict interpretation in this case. They were her brother and sister after all, and therefore as much bound to her by blood as the rest of us simply by virtue of that relationship.

Of course, it was a moot point since they both were now not only vampires but also clan to us beyond any dispute or interpretation of the rules of engagement. That was our ace in the hole.

Still, we all knew that a rival clan was working away on the other side of the ocean, preparing to eliminate or enslave us, while we did our best to make sure that we'd be ready when it was time for the big showdown.

Vicky said that Judith and Kris had already talked about me after that night at the Petit Bal; they had some nasty little plans for Vicky and I to appear together in their show, so I figured they wouldn’t want to destroy me so easily.

After what Vicky had told us about the time she had spent with Judith and Kris, though, I was pretty sure I’d prefer being destroyed to being under their control.

Hannah said there was no way that that was going to happen, neither of those things would come to pass. Still, I made her promise me that if things went badly, she would destroy me herself rather than let me fall into the clutches of that evil duo. Failing that, an eternity of pain and suffering awaited me, I could be sure of that.

I hadn’t really been scared of anything for a very long time… being undead has a way of doing that.

You know you’re not going to die because you already have, kind of; you don’t get sick, and if your body is harmed, your cell regeneration capacity takes care of all but the most severe injuries.

Stay out of the daylight, and don’t lose your head, basically, is what it comes down to.

But now, thinking about the unknown enemies that would be facing us, I felt an eerie sense of dread, and as a cold shiver ran down my spine, I couldn’t help feeling so scared that I was almost about to wet myself from the combination of my fear and the urge once again.

“Cool, are you alright?”

Petra had seen me shiver, and she looked over at me with concern.

She had become like the big sister I had never had by now, always trying to look out for me, and I loved her for it. When Hannah was getting ready to fight, she always became a bit distant, focused on her training, and she didn’t have much time or energy to spend on any shows of affection. But Petra and I had bonded almost instantly on the night we had first met years ago in Cannes, and since Hannah had turned both of us, we were definitely siblings.

My relationship with her sister Vicky was much more complicated.

Victoria was both my little sister and my ‘little one’ by virtue of the fact that I had been the one that turned her, but since I was a submissive omo vampire myself, I couldn’t really lay claim to her, nor did I have any desire to. Since I belonged to Hannah, and Vicky kind of belonged to me, she really belonged to Hannah too, and she knew it.

While Petra had been turned by Hannah just like I had been, there wasn’t quite as much of a submissive side to her nature, I guess; she and Hannah treated each other more as equals, whereas Vicky and I always knew our place. And although Hannah was a kind and gentle mistress most of the time, it was quite clear to the both of us who was in charge, and always would be.

“It's nothing; I just really have to pee is all. You know how that is, I’m sure.”

I replied softly, raising up my head so that I could meet her gaze briefly before looking down again.

I tried to smile at her, but it wasn’t much of one, really.

I was lying, and Petra knew it. She could always see right through me now; our empathetic bond as sisters made it virtually useless to make up anything, but I just didn’t want to admit how scared I really was, not to her, and not to myself.

“Don’t worry, sweetie; it’s going to be OK, really…I know it. Fancy a smoke?”

Petra smiled and offered her usual pack of Gitanes up for the taking.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*284*2013-12-07 03:37

{{:

Hey Frosty, what happens if they lose a limb does it grow back or no?

}}

I think i'd better let my alter ego Cool handle this one... i asked her, and she said:

"We're vampires, not lizards... loss of a limb would be major. The wound would heal relatively rapidly, but the limb wouldn't grow back.

That's why you don't want to lose your head..."

*287*2013-12-08 16:56

{{:

I see, don't know to much about vampire biology! lol

}}

It's a bit odd, but it makes sense in its own strange way.

*288*2013-12-13 07:35

Dear friends, i have the latest installment of SoB ready here, and it's a bit of a surprise to me...

And i wrote it. I hope that you will enjoy it, brief as it is.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 32)

DEAL OR NO DEAL (Kris)

(soundtrack: Samba Pa Ti, by Santana)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/j5AUm_xaE9A?feature=oembed"

Just as Kris had predicted, Janet and Diana weren’t really much use as fighters.

All they did was whine about their aches and pains during their training sessions, and Diana had gone so far as to aver that if she were given the choice, she’d actually rather be the permanent bottom girl in the infinite pee loop than have to try and learn to fight with a sword.

Janet was somewhat more eager, being still a bit feisty around the edges, but unfortunately no less inept.

The plus of it was that Kris had plenty of reasons to punish them, and she was happy about that.

But if these two were going to be as useless as they appeared, that made the odds closer to even, and she wasn’t happy about that, not at all, even if they still seemed tilted in their favour.

The thought that there might be even the slightest chance that they might lose this challenge was repugnant to her, for several reasons. First, she wanted her revenge for that meeting at Porte de Vanves where she had been so ignominously put down the first time they had met.

Secondly, there was the matter of possession of Vicky and Erica on the line, and Kris wanted the two of them in her power.

She wanted that really badly, so that she could enjoy making them suffer for all eternity...

Or until she got bored with them, whichever came first.

She really doubted that she’d get bored, though.

She was already dreaming up different routines and acts; the infinite pee loop was only the tip of the iceberg as far as what she could do to and with Erica and Vicky, when their submissive tendencies combined with their ability to hold pee and take pain...

Those two girls have so much potential individually, and then as a pair, oh my demons… how their tears will flow! she thought.

Finally, if they were not victorious, then their own fate would be in the hands of the opposing clan, and even if Hannah was known to be quite merciful to her opponents on occasion, the chances of her being disposed to it after being provoked into fighting for no good reason as far as she was concerned were less than slim.

So it would all be down to their ‘wild card’ in the end.

But then, they had known that all along anyhow.

“Are you sure he’s actually going to show up?” Kris asked Judith, the worry clear in her voice now.

“As sure as you can be of anything where he’s concerned." Judith replied.

"He really doesn’t care about much of anything anymore, and although he does owe me a favor, his motivation to do this is coming as much from sheer boredom as from any sense of obligation,” Judith paused for a moment, then continued. “He still loves a good fight, though, and I’ve promised him that. He didn’t even ask who we’d be fighting… he wants it to be a surprise.”

Kris grinned her evil grin now.

“Well, he’ll be happy that at least one of them will be able to put up a good fight. But even if the rest of

Hannah's clan are weak, I’m still sure that those two wimpy dimwits over there will be going down pretty quickly,” she said. "Worthless..." Kris muttered, gesturing contemptuously towards the corner where Diana and Janet were sitting, trembling. The two of them were whispering to each other, practically wetting themselves with terror at the thought of the approaching battle, and Kris was drinking in their fear as if it were a rare cocktail, relishing every little bit of it.

She was an emo vamp, after all, and just as the omo vamps needed their urine, she thrived on strong emotions, and the negative ones were usually the strongest. So along with blood, jealousy, fear, hatred, and anger were her daily nourishment and she could not continue to exist without them.

Once, a long time ago, before she met Judith, Kristen had been an innocent young farm girl from Kansas who longed for a more exciting life. Like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, she had run away from home and the incessant drudgery of farm work, and then been carried far away from the life she had known up until then into a strange and different world, but it was no tornado that had done it.

She had arrived in the big city and had struggled to get by for a while, barely managing to survive from day to day. Penniless, jobless, and homeless, before too long she was taken advantage of at every opportunity by those who were slicker and stronger than she was, and meaner than anyone she had ever met in her short life. It was quite a miserable existence, and she even had considered going back home to the farm, if she could only scrape up enough money for the bus fare.

Then, one day she met a woman who was actually kind to her. The woman seemed nice, and had even promised her a job, and Kristen had gone to her home to start work as a housemaid, or so she thought.

That woman was Judith; she was a vampire, and she turned Kristen into something that she had never imagined actually existed, although she had heard the stories and read the books.

The job was actually to help procure victims for the bizarre spectacles that Judith staged, a sort of theatre of pain.

And then, instead of the beautiful Emerald City, Kristen had become trapped in this world of blood and raw emotion, and although she had realized by now that there was no place like home, there were no enchanted ruby slippers to take her back there, no matter how many times she clicked her heels together.

Evil is as evil does, and over the course of many long years, she had almost totally forgotten what she had been like back then, because in her role as Judith’s partner, she was constantly finding evildoers to sacrifice in their sadistic shows.

To the two of them, it was only justice being served, and the vampires they had tortured and then destroyed were certainly all deserving of their fate.

But the horrible paradox was that by destroying those ‘evil’ vampires, they had taken on their essence almost imperceptibly at first and began to change, until with the passage of enough time, they had finally become evil themselves, without even realizing the truth or the horror of it.

Now, it was just who they were…

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

*295*2013-12-16 13:36

To all of you who have taken the time to read this latest chapter, and especially to those who have taken time out of their busy lives at this time of year to leave a comment, my most sincere thanks ! i appreciate it, i can't say thank you enough !!!!

<3 to you all !

*297*2013-12-16 23:45

<3 u right back, orango !

And anyone that hasn't read those first three Megan and Sarah stories, you might have an idea of what you're missing

If you check out out collaborative effort, Hard Bolied Legs !

*298*2013-12-20 07:23

Another Friday, another chapter in the story.

And a bit more insight into the background of certain characters; yes, indeed.

Here's hoping that you will like it...

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 33)

1860, Southern Central Africa

(soundtrack: Burundi Black)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iyTYWFuMV_0?feature=oembed"

The huge black man was running; it looked as if he was running for his life, except you couldn’t really say that, since he was one of the undead.

So perhaps, ‘running as if his very existence depended on his ability to produce speed at this moment’ would be a more accurate, if awkward, description of the situation.

But no matter how you wanted to turn the phrase, the simple fact was that despite his size, he was incredibly fast, and actually quite graceful as he ran.

The problem was that he was surrounded and no matter which way he ran, there would be many opponents waiting for him, and when he got there, he would be tired from running, while all they had to do was to slowly, inexorably, inevitably close the circle tightly around him and then no matter how strong and how fast he was, he would be facing those insurmountable odds.

Normally, he would have had no problem breaking through this cordon, but he had been fasting for far too long, and what should have been superior strength and endurance had withered away until he had not much more than normal human capabilities, although those who hunted him did not care about his discipline or his resolve.

All they cared about was what they knew him to be, and for that, he had been sentenced to death, or destruction, rather; despite his resolve, despite his reluctance, despite his personal code of ethics and his philosophical musings.

A vampire had been stalking the villages nearby, drinking their fill and killing indiscriminately, and he had been hunting that vampire, following his trail.

He was certain that it was that same vampire who had taken the lives of his wife and children, drained him almost fully and left him for dead.

But he had not died… he had survived just long enough for the remains of blood and vampire venom to mix, and change him into the creature he now was.

It was such irony, to have become that which you hated more than anything else in the world. But the man had vowed now to use his powers only for good, or at least, only to avenge the deaths of his family by eliminating the vampire who had killed them and made him into what he was now.

The problem was that everyone in his village and all of the neighboring ones knew who he was and what he had now become, and no one trusted him to resist the overwhelming temptation to do what came naturally to his kind.

So when he had been seen standing over a lifeless body drained of its blood, they had come to the very natural conclusion that the killing was his doing, when in fact he had only been investigating the scene for clues, and nothing he could say or do was going to change their minds now.

He was condemned by what he had become through no fault of his own, and all of his good actions in life now counted for nothing with those he had known since childhood.

And so they hunted him, and so he ran… he ran towards Mabangu, the white mountain rising in the distance. If he could reach it in time, he could climb the mountain, and his pursuers would not be able to follow him. He would find shelter from the sun in a cave there, and rest, and outwait them.

His breath came fast and hard and hot, his bare feet flying over the ground, seeming to barely touch it … but no matter how fast he ran, no matter which direction he headed in, it would be towards his own inevitable end. He was weak, and alone, and although those who hunted him were not any stronger, there were so many more of them.

Still he ran, because he had not yet fulfilled his purpose.

As far as he could fathom the reason behind it, he still existed only in order to avenge the deaths of his family, and he had become this creature of darkness and night in order to have a fighting chance against one who was the same.

He had gotten close, so close this time… but all of his emotions had made him careless, made him forget for a brief moment that he was both the hunter and the hunted. And so now he had had to abandon the hunt, and assume the role of the pursued rather than the pursuer.

###

He had entered a gap between two hills which rose sharply on either side of him now, and he stopped briefly in order to listen for the sounds of those who were chasing him.

He could hear them getting closer, and he was about to begin running once again when he saw a large group of armed men at the other end of the narrow valley moving towards him, blocking his escape route now. He turned back towards the way he had come, but the other group was now standing at that spot. Both groups of hunters began to come closer, spears and shields at the ready, encircling Mokolo.

Just as it seemed as if he was trapped, and doomed, there was the sound of a loud gun shot echoing throughout the valley, and one of the men surrounding him dropped his spear and shield as he slumped to the ground.

There were more shots in rapid succession, each one felling another adversary until finally there was only one man facing him.

This last opponent was the largest of the group, even larger in size and weight than Mokolo, and he was armed with a spear and shield, while Mokolo had only his bare hands with which to counter any attack.

He watched his adversary’s eyes intently, only peripherally registering the tip of the spear. The man facing him would fight Zulu-style, holding the spear and stabbing at him with it rather than in the more traditional throwing style, which left the fighter disarmed if he missed.

The one main disadvantage to the Zulu style was that you had to close quarters with your opponent, and for Mokolo, this actually gave him the advantage because of his speed.

There was no way the man facing him could possibly know just how fast he actually was, but he would lose the element of surprise if his first strike was not lethal.

So he circled slowly, keeping his eyes on those of the man facing him.

His opponent certainly had the ability to focus; the fact that all of his companions were dead had not swayed him from his intended task. He was here to destroy a vampire, and he would not rest until that mission had been accomplished.

He kept his shield up, and his spear at the ready, just searching for an opening.

From the looks of it, Mokolo was not the first vampire he had hunted; the man appeared to be seasoned in combat, and familiar with the ways of the undead. Even as they faced each other now, the dawn was not far off, and the original plan had been for his group to just impede the creature’s departure long enough to let the rising sun do their work for them. But now that he was the only one left, he would have to fight the demon standing before him.

Almost as if he had read the other man’s innermost thoughts, Mokolo said, “Are you quite sure you wish to fight me now?”, trying to reason with him. “Your advantage in numbers has just disappeared; you could always stand aside and just let me pass. There is always tomorrow.”

“There will be no tomorrow for you, evil one,” the man said, and Mokolo almost had to laugh. It was as if he were facing his own self, and he knew for a certainty that if their roles had been reversed, he would have said and done the same.

Still, I gave him the chance to avoid this, Mokolo thought.

“Do what you will,” he said, still circling and watching his opponent’s eyes. All of a sudden, those eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly and as the man lunged at him, Mokolo was ready. He blocked the violent thrust of the man’s spear, snapping the sharp head of it off cleanly. The man tossed the wooden shaft away and dropped his shield, ready to do battle with feet and fist only.

His opponent was wary now, and he too began to circle cautiously, keeping Mokolo in front of him. He tried to make a sweeping foot move, but Mokolo nimbly jumped back just in time to evade his maneuver. As he landed, the other man rushed at him, trying to get his big arms around Mokolo, but once again Mokolo was too fast for him, sidestepping his opponent’s rush and landing a punishing blow to the back of the man’s neck as he went by that brought him to his knees.

He picked the big man up, tossed him over his back and then slammed him down to the ground hard with a loud, sickening crunch of bone. He had broken the man's neck, and now Mokolo could see the light disappearing behind the big man's eyes as he looked down into his face.

"I'm sorry," he said. "But you gave me no choice."

After the fight was over, he saw a tall, slender white woman with wavy dark brown hair coming down towards him from the high surrounding hills, carrying a long rifle over her shoulder.

She had a medium brown leather bandolier of rifle shells draped over her shoulder, and two pistols tucked into the waistband of her wide light brown leather belt, and wore dark brown leather boots with khaki gaiters over them on her feet. Her clothes and her face were covered with dust and dirt, but she still looked like a shining angel to Mokolo at that moment.

“Bravo, my friend, well done!” she said, smiling at him.

”I must thank you for helping me,” he said. “But why did you do it? What is your name?”

‘’I was out hunting when I heard all of that commotion, so I followed the sound of it. When I saw all of them surrounding you, I said ‘That’s hardly fair, is it?’

The woman tossed her hair back from her face, exposing her lovely features to his gaze.

“So I took it upon myself to even the odds a bit. I hope you didn’t mind too much… our kind have to stick together, you know.”

“Our kind? What do you mean?”

“I know what you are, my friend. I know, because it takes one to know one,” the woman laughed now. She smiled at him again, exposing her snow white fangs this time.

“My name is Mokolo. What is your name?” the giant asked again.

“My name is Judith, “ the woman replied.

<TO BE CONTINUED> \/###\/

