My first story

Author: Longstocking

*000*2012-10-08 11:10

This is my first story and I would like to get some help and feedback from you all.

I wasn’t expecting anything out of the ordinary to happen that day. I was lined up with my class mates waiting for my turn to use the restroom, when Mrs. Williams, the school principal, and a young professional looking woman walked to my teacher and began talking in hushed voices. I felt their eyes on me but kept my eyes fixed on the green carpeting at my feet.

I was 15 years old and had been held back a few years, yet lined up with my class mates you would never guess that I was so much older than them. In fact, despite the age difference, I was still one of the smallest in our grade.

The Principal, Mrs. Williams and a young professional looking woman approached me. Mrs. Williams asked if I would please come with them to her office. She assured me that I was not in trouble, but that they would like to talk to me.

As we walked the two of them talked incesently, asking me if I liked my teacher, if iIhad siblings, what my favorite color was. I find this behavior extremely irritating. I wonder why some people feel the need to fill every silent moment with worthless chatter. I have never found silence “awkward” nor “uncomfortable”, quite the contrary actually, I find silence beautiful, sacred even. I do not speak to anyone. I learned to speak when I was younger, but gave it up shortly thereafter. Occasionally I will wander off and whisper a word or phrase into my hands, just to know that I am sitll able to speak. Sometimes I think about standing up one day and saying something, but I can never decide on what it is that I would say. What could I possibly say that would be so important that I would shatter the Silence for it?

We walked into Mrs. Williams office and both women continue talking at me. They are talking faster now and the noise is constant. When one pauses to take a breath, the other immediately jumps in. Finding the commotion extremely uncomfortable, I retreat deeper within myself.

I had been living in a foster home for almost a year. My father drank a lot and had an unpredictable temper. Sometimes he would settle into his favorite chair with a bottle and nothing could rouse him.

Other times, even the most benign things would send him into a rage. He would transform in seconds. His face would flush crimson, his eyebrows would turn inward and the veins on his neck and forehead looked as if at any moment they could burst. His animal eyes, wild and bloodshot, would lock in on me, and I would become his prey. I would endure being beaten and raped by him, for I knew that soon enough the drink would once again wash over him, extinguishing all the strength he had left. He would collapse into a corner, or a doorway, or simply in a heap on the floor, and I would once again have my Silence. I always took a pride that no matter what he had done to me, it was always him, not I, who was left utterly defeated at the end of it all.

It was not due to his mistreatment of me that I wound up in foster care though. I was ony put into foster care after my father was court ordered to spend 3 months at an inpatient rehabilitation center, due to his habit of driving while intoxicated. I was then placed, temporarily, in foster care. However, once my father had completed his mandatory 3 months he decided, either due to convienience, guilt, fear, or remorse, to relinquish his parental rights and responsibilities completly.

I really diddn’t care what his reasons were, or even that he had given me away. It was ony the bedwetting that had become an issue. I had occasionally wet the bed at my fathers house, but he never seemed to notice or care about it. When I moved into the foster house it it started happening more often, and it did not go unnoticed. My foster mother was a nice person and I felt bad about being such a burden on her. I could tell sometimes that she was fed up with it all. I know she has a lot to take care of...

The urge to use the restroom pulls me out of my daydreaming and back to reality. Mrs. Williams and the younger woman, who calls herself Miss Julie, are still talking to me. It has been almost an hour since they took me from the bathroom line and the pressure in my bladder is getting to be too much. I squirm in my chair trying to find a good position to hold it back.

Mrs. Williams photocopies my school files and Miss Julie is continues talking to me. She stops talking and watches me squirm for a while. She opens her mouth to speak and I hope she is about to offer a restroom break but instead, she says, “its nothing that you did wrong, we just think you will be more comfortable in a different setting.”

Maybe I should have paid more attention. What was she talking about? We were obviously about to go somewhere, but where?

Mrs. Willams hands the photocopied file to Miss Julie who puts it into her bag. She then firmly takes my hand and we begin walking to the door. Becoming desperate, I yank my hand back and start sprinting towards the restroom. Miss Julie yells to the nearby gym teacher who intercepts, picks me up, and brings me to the van outside.

The gym teacher places me in the van. Miss Julie thanks the gym teacher for his help and then directs me to a car seat in the very back row. She explains that due to new safety regulations that sometiems even “big girls” have to sit in carseats. The term “big girl” amkes me cringe as Miss Julie buckels me in.

The worst thing about sitting in this seat is that my legs are forced apart by a big plastic buckel that clasps at the crotch. Miss Julie begins to drive and I hope that wherever we are going isn’t too far.

Not being able to close my legs completely puts me at a big disadvantage. A wave of pressure comes over my bladder and a small stream of the warm liquid spurts out into my underwear. I quickly stop it by pressing my crotch hard against the buckel and leaning into it with all my weight.

This strategy works well until the car hits a pothole and another stream of urine rushes into my pants. I push up even harder against the buckel to stop it, but the warm pee continues to soak my underwear. I feel it soak through my pants and into the seat, forming a little puddle around my bottom. Finally, I am able to stop the flow, but the damage has been done.

I try and think of a way to hide this from Miss Julie, but I soon realize that she is going to have to come in very close contact with my crotch just to let me out of the car seat.

There is nothing I can do at this point. I feel compeletly defeated. My bladder is still begging to be emptied and I decide to just let it go. I pull back from the Buckel and without any more prompting warm pee again floods my pants. I relax and feel it the puddle around my bottom and thighs grow and the slant of the car seat keeps it there.

It feels so nice to finally have the weight lifted from my bladder, but I’m anxious about how Miss Julie will react. I don’t particularly like her, but I want to please her at the same time.

We keep driving and the seat fabric has absorbed a good amount of my accident. I begin to sort of enjoy the wet squishy feeling when the van pulls into a parking lot and Miss Julie announces cheerfully, “We’re here!”

