Fallout 4 Omorashi

Author: Birdschach

*000*2015-12-08 05:47

Author's Note: It's been quite a while since I've written anything, so I'm really not sure if this will be any good, but here's some omo of Cait from Fallout 4. I have an idea for Curie as well, so watch out for that here.

Cait sat in a dilapidated chair at a table tucked into a corner of the Combat Zone, nursing a drink and getting prepared for her next fight. Her corset and red hair making it painfully obvious to any newcomers that she wasn't one of the raiders, but she wasn't the boss either. She and Tommy had managed to keep their heads above the water for three years, him providing the business sense and commentary, and her fighting anyone stupid enough to try to take her on.

Looking around at the abysmal state of the place, she couldn't help but curse the raiders for taking over, nearly running the place into the ground. If they weren't such huge fans of the combat, they surely would have, but as it stood, Tommy had convinced them to become the new clientele with strict rules and harsh punishments for breaking them.

Knowing her next fight was coming up – against some no name raider who she'd never fought before – Cait finished her drink, rose from her chair, and headed to her room. She felt a pressure in her bladder, one she was all too familiar with. Drinking to escape the past inevitably lead to more problems, one of the least of which was having to piss frequently. She planned to go to her room, relieve herself, shoot up some of her stash of psycho, and clear her head before the fight.

As she walked, however, Tommy intercepted her. The ghoul was an old friend, if you could call the man who owned your contract and signed your checks a friend. Nonetheless, they had known each other for years, and had a sort of mutual respect, and his mottled face was familiar enough that she didn't feel disgust at the sight of him.

“Cait, glad I caught you.” He said, rasping in the way only a ghoul can. “I needed to have a word with you before this fight.”

“Look, Tommy, I'm kinda on my way to somethin'. Can't it wait until after the fight?” She asked, the drink and her accent playing havoc with the words. Tommy opened the door to his office, and ushered her in, and she knew she wasn't getting away that easy. Once the door had shut behind them, he answered. “I'm afraid it can't, Little Bird. I know you always claim it's not my place, that I'm a damn fool who doesn't know fighting, but damn it. I can tell you're getting sloppy. I can see the effect the drugs and the drink are having on you, and I need you to straighten up.” He said, his emotion bleeding through despite his best efforts to sound businesslike. “I just don't think our...clients will keep paying for sloppy fights.”

“Ha! Sloppy? You're an idiot, you know that, Tommy? I'm the best fighter 'round here, and they all know it out there. They've all taken their shots, and they all missed, and know they just get to watch. Why don't'cha mind your own business?” She said, quickly growing furious for being dragged into a rehash of the same old argument, especially when all she wanted was to piss before she had to fight.

Hell, having to piss would make me a hell of a lot more sloppy than the damn psycho. She thought, wondering why Tommy felt the need to bring this up every other week. It was the same discussion every time. Him claiming the drugs were making her sloppy, her saying he was an idiot, then she walks away and nothing changes. She just wished he had put it off another day or so, for a time when she wasn't quite so desperate for relief.

“We both see it, Little Bird. I've looked after you for a while now, and I don't want to see my prize fighter go down to some two-bit punk she could have easily taken out if she weren't strung out, y'know?” He said, practically pleading with her.

“We also both know how this conversation ends, Tommy. I'm goin' to my room, I've got a fight to get ready for, in case you forgot.” Cait said, heading for the door as Tommy threw his hands up in defeat. By now, he knew that his little talks were a wasted effort, but couldn't bring himself to just give up.

By the time Cait reached her room, she realized she had to make a choice. She could feel withdrawal from the psycho setting in, but also had to piss so badly she could hardly stand still, the pressure in her bladder shifting into a pain. After a brief consideration, she went to her stash, grabbed the psycho, and shot up. While she had to piss badly, the shaking and headaches from the lack of psycho would end up being much harder on her. The usual rush of adrenaline, leading to increased strength and aggression, that came with psycho was lost on her, her years of abuse making the drug have almost no effect on her, instead simply letting her feel normal.

She heard Tommy beginning his announcements, and knew it was time for her to head back down. She definitely couldn't skip a fight right after one of his little talks, even Tommy had a limit to his patience, and it'd be much harder for Cait to get her hands on a steady supply of drinks and chems without the Combat Zone. She'd just have to skip all the showboating, put the new meat in his place, then take care of her rapidly filling bladder.

~X~

Cait stood in the bright lights of the cage, the prime attraction of the Combat Zone which drew in raiders from all over the Commonwealth. Tommy was rambling his introductions as always, but Cait had tuned him out completely, all of her attention on fighting her body's desperate cries for relief. She managed to lean against the wall of the cage, and cross her legs casually, bringing relief without being obvious.

There was a part of Cait that was actually somewhat worried. She hadn't expected her need to piss to get quite this bad, it was certainly worse than she could ever remember. Would she be able to fight at all in this condition? If she could, would she be able to hold on long enough? As she wondered, she looked over the raider she was to fight. He was big, sure, but that meant he'd be slow. If it had been any of the regulars, she knew she could take them. But he was new. New could mean all sorts of things.

“And now,” Tommy rasped over the speakers “Let's get down to fighting!”

Cait snapped to focus, as the raider charged toward her. Shit. She thought, as she managed to just barely sidestep the charge, hitting him in the back as she did. Shoulda paid more attention. This bastard's faster than I thought. As she changed her stance, preparing for another charge, she saw the raider had changed his style as well. Rather than going for another charge, he began circling the cage, forcing her to mirror his movements lest he gain the upper hand.

As they circled, each combatant looked for an opening. Before too long, Cait's body gave the raider his opening. While she had managed to keep herself under control so far, the pain suddenly became unbearable, causing her to double over in pain. She gasped, as a spurt of piss shot out of her before she could stop it.

“Shit.” Cait hissed through clenched teeth, fighting to stop her bladder from emptying. Her opponent could see quite clearly what was happening, the light dark patch on her crotch, and her desperately trying to regain control. He took his chance, delivering a sudden punch to her abdomen. Cait staggered back, the force of the blow nearly knocking her down. While she managed to stay on her feet, the blow was too much for her bladder.

“Fuck, no, no...” She said, pressing her hands desperately between her legs as she tried to stop herself, but it was in vain. Her hot piss rushed out of her, rushing down her legs, soaking her pants, and splashing on the floor of the cage. Cait sighed with relief, though it seemed as though it would never stop. Her opponent watching her with a smug expression, Tommy and the audience looking on in a mixture of confusion and disgust.

But once the rush of piss stopped, and the feeling of stunned relief and pain faded, Cait felt only rage. She roared as she charged the raider, who was off guard, overly confident she couldn't recover that quickly from wetting herself. The look of shock on his face as she smashed her fist into it was almost worth the pain and embarrassment, and the satisfying crunch as he crumpled to the floor was even better. As he attempted to recover, she kicked him in the head, knocking him out cold.

“And what are you bastards gawkin' at?” She shouted at Tommy, the other fighters, and her raider audience. “You never seen someone piss themselves before?” Cait walked out of the cage and back to her room, hoping she could pretend this never happened.

*006*2015-12-08 15:48

Yeah, I'm going to try for all of them. I haven't traveled with Piper as much as Cait and Curie so far, but once I get a better feel for her I should be able to come up with something!

*009*2015-12-13 07:25

{{:

What apparel did you give Curie? I gave her the laundered green dress, that thing looks just really elegant

}}

I usually give her a lab coat to be honest, but I'm going to do my best to make her outfit vague in the story, so people can picture her in whatever they prefer.

{{:

What situations are you going to put Piper and Curie in?

}}

Curie will be celebrating her new body with Sole Survivor and not really know her limits, or exactly what's going on. I'm thinking for Piper, it'll involve the situation when you first meet her, where she's locked out of Diamond City, but I'm not sure yet.

*011*2015-12-13 20:24

{{:

Ooooooh, do Piper please please please!

}}

Despite starting Curie first, Piper will probably be done first haha. Maybe, and that's a heavy maybe, I'll have hers done today.

*013*2015-12-13 23:41

Piper Wright had taken her leave of Diamond City several hours ago. Having published an article accusing Mayor McDonough of being a synthetic replacement installed by the Institute – known as Synths for short – she had decided to be out of town for the worst of the fallout. After printing the story, she left it with Nat for delivery, and walked out of the house.

She had felt the need to piss before she left, but wanted to be sure she was gone before the story had time to spread. Deciding she could make it back before she ran into any real trouble, she made her way towards the city's entrance anyway.

Whenever Piper left Diamond City, she would explore some of the local landmarks that the Commonwealth had to offer. One of her favorite parts of Publick Occurrences was reporting on the dangers of the Commonwealth, in order to help the citizens of Diamond City. While much of the paper focused on casting light on the Institute's actions in the Commonwealth, Piper enjoyed being able to help people on a more basic level.

Her many ventures out had made her fairly confident in her abilities in the wasteland. As a journalist, she was very observant and spotted most dangers before it was too late, and was fairly gifted with her trusty 10mm pistol.

Today it seemed like everywhere she went was cleared. A few raider groups were trying to re-establish in buildings near the Back Bay, staying well away from Swan, of course. But they didn't spot her, and she didn't want to pick a fight. Especially since, having been out for a while, her bladder had become quite full.

It had become a pressing concern the last few minutes, but it was probably about time for her to head back to the city anyway. Surely the story would have run its course, and however mad the Mayor was, he wouldn't have the initial fury he undoubtedly felt on reading the story. She could walk back, get to her house, and be just fine. What could go wrong?

~X~

“What do you mean you can't open the gate? Stop playing around, Danny! I'm standing out here in the open, for crying out loud!” Piper shouted, her desperation starting to be too much for her. If she were locked out for too long, there would be no way she'd make it home before she lost control. She knew the Mayor would be mad, but never suspected he'd have the nerve to lock her out.

“I got orders not to let you in, Miss Piper. I'm sorry, I'm just doing my job.” Danny Sullivan, the gate guard of Diamond City answered, apologetically.

“'Just doing your job?' Protecting Diamond City means keeping me out, is that it? 'Oh, look, it's the scary reporter!' Boo!” Piper mocked.

“I'm sorry, but Mayor McDonough's really steamed, Piper. Sayin' that article you wrote was all lies. The whole city's in a tizzy.” He said, in an effort to defend himself.

Undeterred, Piper growled in frustration and said “You open this gate right now, Danny Sullivan! I live here. You can't just lock me out!” But, when there was no response, sighed with resignation. If Danny wouldn't open the gate, there was no way she could return to her home. As if on cue, a twinge of pain shot through her, causing her to cross her legs lightly to maintain her control.

Just before she turned to walk away, and hopefully find somewhere she could relieve herself safely and privately be to their help and some of her ingenuity, she had gotten the city gates opened for the both of them. Piper's relief on entering the city was short lived, however, as Mayor McDonough was waiting to confront her.

“Piper! Who let you back inside? I told Sullivan to keep that gate shut!” The Mayor shouted. “You devious rabble-rousing slanderer! The...the level of dishonesty in that paper of yours! I'll have that printer scrapped for parts!”

Cutting him off before he could finish, as she was far too desperate to listen to his tirade, Piper said “Is that a statement, Mr. McDonough? 'Tyrant Mayor Shuts Down the Press'?” While the Mayor stammered for a response, she turned to the newcomer once more. “Why don't we ask the newcomer. You support the press, right?”

The involvement of a newcomer to Diamond City shut down McDonough completely, as he began pandering to them to make up for his bad first impression. And it was a good thing, as Piper's situation had reached a critical stage. It took all of her willpower to keep her bladder under control without using her hands or crossing her legs, neither of which she would allow the Mayor to see. During his spiel, Piper offered an interview to the stranger, and took off.

The walk from the city's entrance to the Publick Occurrences building that also served as her house was short, but even so, Piper was hardly able to make it. Her walk was slow, and steady, as she knew that rushing would only make holding the flood of piss that much harder. After what felt like an agonizing eternity, she reached the door, made it inside, and shut it behind her.

Piper breathed a sigh of relief, she had made it home without incident. She could now make it to her bathroom, and the crisis would be averted. As she tried to move away from the door, however, she felt an intense twinge of pain and pressure as her bladder begged her for relief. Before she could stop it, a spurt of piss shot out, running down her leg and forming a small dark patch.

Piper groaned in frustration. She had made it so far! There was no way she'd piss herself, not when she was so close to salvation. She steeled herself, and walked towards the bathroom. Each step was agonizing, her body desperately wanted relief, she just hoped that she could force herself to hold it just long enough.

She reached the bathroom, but before she could so much as open the door the pressure overwhelmed her. Despite her best efforts to staunch the flow, she pressed her hands between her legs but couldn't stop the warm piss from flooding down her legs, soaking her pants and splattering onto the floor. After what felt like an eternity, her bladder was finally empty.

Piper took a shuddering breath, unable to believe she had pissed herself. She had fallen back against the door of the bathroom, unable to keep to her feet. As she caught her breath, she righted herself, and sighed. It looked like she had some cleaning up to do, hopefully before Nat made her way back home, or she would never hear the end of it.

Author's Note: Here it is, I hope it lives up to expectations!

*020*2015-12-19 01:12

"How are you liking your new body?" you ask Curie, from across the table.

"Oh, it is magnifique! Though I believe it will take a lot of getting used to." she answered, as she looked around the bar in the Third Rail, taking in the sights. "For instance, everything looks so different when you see with only two eyes!"

"I can imagine." you say, smiling at her. "It's obviously going to be a big change for you, but I can already tell it's going to be for the better."

"Yes! I will be able to make so much progress in my research with the spark of inspiration!" she said, excitement lighting up her face.

In order to advance her research, you had assisted Curie in her efforts to transfer her memories from an aging Mr. Handy to a Synth body. After a brief time getting used to the basics of a synth body, and a trip to Daisy's to pick up some clothing for her new body, Curie had wanted to celebrate with some drinks at the Third Rail, something she had never hoped to experience. She had decided on a formal dress that fit her excellently, and as such, you had dressed up to match.

"I'm excited to see what you'll accomplish, Curie." you say, excited for what the future might bring.

Curie grew somewhat flustered, and said "Do not tease poor Curie!" with a slight giggle.

As you are conversing, Whitechapel Charlie brings you your drinks, and jets off.

"I am glad that you brought us here, I cannot wait to try my first drink! There are countless things for me to experience, that I have read about but never hoped to feel for myself!" Curie said, as she tasted her drink. She nodded, pleased by the taste, and downed it quickly. "Yahoo!" she exclaimed, and beckoned Charlie for another.

"Curie, you might want to take it easy with that." you say, concerned. "You don't know how you'll be affected yet."

"But of course, that is why I must learn, no?" she says, her confidence and curiosity convincing you she could handle it.

"Yes, there is a lot you'll have to learn. But I'd be happy to teach you everything, Curie." you say, and see her face redden slightly once more.

"One thing I do not believe I will ever get used to are these emotions. It is like a constant flurry of information, seeming to get worse when you speak to me. And yet, the feeling is not unpleasant. It is beyond understanding." she said, already working on a new drink Charlie had dropped off.

~X~

The drinking and conversation continued, you and Curie both enjoying a night out. Usually nights were reserved for watching over settlements and helping where needed, or for scavenging and exploring, but the Third Rail was a nice change of pace. While you had stayed restrained, still sipping occasionally from the same drink, Curie had been making the most of the night. She had wanted to try as many drinks as she could, and any she particularly liked she would usually order again.

After the first couple of drinks, she started to giggle more frequently. A couple of times, she became so caught up talking that she forgot to breathe, and you would have to stop her to ensure she didn't pass out halfway through your night out. Of course, once she caught her breath, this would just make her laugh even more.

"These drinks...they cause such strange feelings! I have information about alcohol, though it was more about its sanitation uses in a lab setting." Curie said. "But this is so new, so unique. I knew humans enjoyed it, but never thought it would be so fun! Yet it leaves me with a strange fullness.”

Thinking nothing of it, you say “Well, that's normal when you drink so much. It'll just take some time to process through your body, then it will fade.” while you assumed Curie was simply filling up on drink, it was in fact her bladder that was becoming so full.

“Intriguing, it is so different to actually feel such things, rather than work off of an encyclopedic knowledge.” she said, crossing her legs, and fidgeting slightly, doing anything that seemed to bring relief from her rapidly filling bladder.

“What's wrong, Curie? You seem nervous.” you probe, wanting to help her in any way that you could. In response, you received a giggle.

"No, I am not nervous. I just find that this fidgeting, this position, it helps with the pressure." she said, and it finally hits you that maybe there's more going on here than you thought. The way she was crossing her legs, and could hardly sit still, were obvious signs that she had to piss. You also realized just what an awkward situation this could be, considering this was the first time Curie had felt anything like this.

"Curie, I think it's about time we head out. I was thinking we could split a room at the Hotel Rexford, and call it a night." you say, hoping she would leave with you now, so you could avoid being stuck here while her situation became worse and worse.

"Awh, but I have not tried everything. If we go now, do you promise we can come back later?" she asked, with a face so hopeful that all you could do was agree, especially with the feelings all her squirming and fidgeting were causing in you.

"Yes, of course!" you answer, as you rise from the table and help her up. "We can come back any time you'd like."

"Wonderful! I shall await our return with baited breath!" Curie said. As you walked out, it seemed she was walking more slowly than when you came in, though whether that was your imagination or the fullness of her bladder, you couldn't tell.

~X~

By the time you reached the Hotel Rexford, paid for a room, and walked up the stairs, things were not going well for Curie. She could hardly walk by this point, and it seemed as though she had to keep her hands between her legs to have any hope of holding on. But strangely, that only seemed to thrill her. She hadn't stopped smiling once, and her giggling seemed more frequent, even if it did nearly cause her to piss herself each time.

"Curie, that full feeling of yours? I was wrong before, I think it's actually a need to...relieve yourself." you say, hoping that while the feeling is new, she has plenty of information on the concept.

"Oh!" she exclaimed. "That makes much more sense, but I feel as though I can hardly move, my dear friend." the desperation strained her voice, and you could tell her bladder must be killing her. As you moved towards her, to help walk her to the hotel room's bathroom, she suddenly doubled over.

The pressure in her bladder surged up in a wave too painful for her to bear, and a spurt of piss escaped her before she could stop it. With her hands jamming her dress between her legs, a dark patch formed. You reached her, and helped her stand up straight.

"It's okay, Curie, I know this must feel awful, but we'll get you to the bathroom." you say, trying to comfort her.

"Awful? No, it is actually quite pleasant. I feel such a strange warmth, the relief is very pleasant." she said, giggling. You couldn't believe what you were hearing. It had always been a secret pleasure for you, but hearing Curie so casually say she enjoyed it was almost too much for you.

The shock stopped you dead in your tracks, but Curie didn't have that brief moment to spare. Before you could regain your composure, Curie let out a moan that was a mix of desperation and pleasure, as her bladder emptied itself. The hot piss soaked through her hands, her dress, and rushed down her legs, splattering onto the floor. It seemed like the torrent would never stop, but after a moment she was empty.

"That was...unexpected." Curie said, still smiling from the pleasure it had brought her. "And we can do that again, yes?"

"Uh...yeah, but it's not something that we can do in public." you say, feeling a strange mixture of dread and excitement for how such a curious and experimentative mind would react to an explanation of fetishes. But you had to make sure Curie understood that these things had their place.

Author's Note: Welp, I finally did it. I'm not sure if I'll write more for the series or not, the story centered on each female companion was all I had planned. Regardless, I hope everybody likes it!

*024*2016-01-01 14:35

{{:

These three short stories are amazing!

Quick side note though; Curie is not a Mr. Handy. She is a Miss Nanny, the female equivalent of the Mr. Handy model.

Nothing to fret over, just a common knowledge error. Not many people read the tips and hints on the loading screens anymore... Shame, so much information could be gained in those...

}}

Actually, if you read the terminals in the lab you find her in, it is stated that her creator modified a Mister Handy with a female personality based off of former friends and lovers, with a French accent he adored. I'm aware of the Miss Nanny models, but Curie is a highly modified Mister Handy.

Thank you for the compliment, though!

