What a freak!

Author: Lakur

*000*2013-01-27 05:03

Yea, what can I possibly say about this ?

It's an attempt to write something about my OC Jake...who is quite the fucked up character....in many ways.

I have no idea if it fits here, surely will contain quite a lot peeing scenes, however less in the classical way of Omorashi.

Guess I just post it and see how the reaction is...

###

What a beautiful day!

Warm sunlight was shining through the leaves of the nearby tree and sprinkled it into hundreds of small spots on the concrete tiles on the ground, moving back and forts as the soft wind blew through the tree.

Simply perfect...

A deeply satisfied and relaxed purr came from the lips of the black-haired boy who laid there, enjoying the pleasure of doing nothing.

He stretched his arms and legs a little, opening his eyes for the first time in a while and quickly turned his head away from the bright light – appearantly he really fell asleep for quite a while...the sun was already high up in the sky, maybe it was already past noon.

In that case, school would be over soon...and since no tried to wake him up in the meantime, they seemed had no idea he was hiding here on the roof.

"Even tho, I could've SWORN that Mr. Ingmar saw me sneak up here..." he murmured slowly, followed by a yawn. "...maybe just my imagination."

Or maybe they were just happy, he wasn't down in the building today, so they could all have a normal school day for once.

The young male had to smile over this thought – if that was really the case, he even had his influence on the entire school when doing NOTHING.

Anyway...what should he do now ? For some reason he didn't felt like going back to sleep...and even tho he was used to the sunlight, he really wasn't looking forward to a sunburn.

After all, it was just early May and after a really long and cold Winter, going far up into April this year with loads of Snow and Ice on easter, this was the first time you could actually smell the summer and was enough reason for him to skip school and lay down on the roof for sunbathing instead. And he was smart enough to know how sensitive the skin was to such intense sunlight like today, after month of cold and dark weather....plus, he could go for a drink and some food. If he was lucky, maybe he could organize some small snack from the cafeteria...and a drink of course, best a big bottle of-

"OUCH!!!!!"

Distracted by his own thoughts, he hadn't noticed the misdirected football until it crashed into his back, causing him to stumble a few step forwards and almost fall over on the ground.

Who the hell threw that on him ?

He kneeled down and picked it up, recognizing the "school property"-stamp on the side.

So this meant the ball was from the official football team, which was probably also the reason how anyone could kick it in such a completly wrong direction it landed on the roof. The schools team was famous to compare their lack of playing skill with a great creativity in swearing, just like he could hear their voices now:

"Damn, it landed on the roof you stupid jerk! NOW DONT STAND AROUND LIKE A FUCKING RETARD, GO GET IT!!!!"

Oh he recognized that voice...he would hear it through thousands of others.

The boy stood up, holding the boy in his hand and slowly walked towards the end of the roof...

His number-one enemy in the school...a huge mountain of many muscles and little brain but even more violence...and last but not least: leader of the schools football team:

"Hello down there, Okyl! Seems like one of your idiots down there kicked the ball up here, want me to hide it somewhere so you can spend the rest of the afternoon using whatever-you-have-instead-of-a-brain to find it or do you prefer me throwing it right back into your stupid monkeyface ?"

###

"JAKE!!!!!!!"

The other boys voice was just as loud and impressive as you expect it from 160 pounds of pure muscle.

Right now it was also filled with furious rage, as it's owner saw his biggest enemy now staring down at him with that arrogant little smile that coward always showed when he felt safe.

"YOU BETTER GET DOWN HERE RIGHT AWAY AND GIVE ME THE BALL BACK AND MAYBE, JUST MAYBE I WONT KICK YOUR ASS ALL THAT WORSE!!!"

A disgusted shudder went through his body, on his second glance he noticed something else about his opponent:

"And seriously, put some clothes on...do you have no shame to walk around completly NAKED ?"

Seriously, what was wrong with that guy ? Sometimes he really wondered...

###

"I'm trying to get some tan up here, what is the big deal ? And best way to do that is without clothes..."

Jake put up an innocent face while he looked down his slender body.

"Besides, if you don't like it, dont look up here....unless of course you secretly admire my sexyness...ohhh, don't worry – I fully understand that. It's just a fact that I'm unresistable to all genders..."

Oh how he liked to mess around with that low-brain idiot...it was such a joy to see Okyls face become redder and redder...

The Raven closed one hand around his cock and gently rubbed his impressive length, moaning softly before he pulled his foreskin back, revealing his glans and smirked once again. Too bad he didn't had the time to jerk off now, it would be such an awesome moment...

"Want a lick of that ? Just come up her...I wait for you..."

###

"Ewww, don't show me that THING, fag! Just return the ball before I beat you up.."

That boy....he was freaking him out. Every bit of him fueled Okyls desire to smash his fist deep into the others smirk, so maybe Jake would finally act like a normal person.

Too bad that his opponent was a simple coward, never facing him in a direct fight, probably knowing that he wouldn't stand a chance against Okyls fists with such a feminine body.

"Brian, Cord, Volbar – you three go up on the roof, one guards the stairs back down into the building, the other two get him! Clear ?"

The three named boys nodded in agreement, quickly running towards the school building to do as he told them.

..

"Aww, sending your pet gorillas to get me now ? Don´t think I didn't heard what you told them."

Jake chuckled softly, watching how the three boys entered the building.

"It's a little unfair for them, don't you agree ? Don't you feel bad for what I have to do to them now?"

He shook his head and put up a sad face.

"I can't understand how they still do what you say...are you THAT good in bed ? Maybe I really should give it a try with you...I mean okay, usually I dont like vulgar muscle heads like you, but I am always willing to experimant, ya know ? I wonder...are you still a virgin ?"

He heard the rusty door on the other side of the roof opening, quick, heavy steps running into his direction.

"Sorry, seems like your simple-minded henchmen are here now, excuse me for a moment while I deal with them, okay ?"

With that, he turned around, facing the two boys charging at him.

It was impressive how there were people so completly resistant to learning.

Otherwise they wouldn't try to attack him so directly.

"Oh well...here we go!"

Jake waited till his attackers were really close, already rising their fists, about to smash them into him.

Thats when he ducked down in a seconds fragment, using his legs to thrust him off the ground, right through the small space between them, way too fast for them to react.

Now he was behind them, whirled around and placed one perfect kick between the legs of the first one.

Even from behind, he still managed to hit the most sensitive spot of the boy, crushing the balls hard against his opponents body.

"One down, two to go!"

His other attacker had turned around by now and tried to hit him again but once again, Jake was way too fast and dodged the fist with a quick sidestep.

This was the chance to run around the much slower opponent and deliver another, well-placed kick between his balls.

"Two down, one to go!"

Jake sighed a little – in fact, he felt a little sorry for them. He knew too well how much pain it caused to be kicked there.

Many times HE had been the victim, before he learned to fight back:

Due to his skinny, almost femine body, he never had much strength: if he tried to face an opponent head-on, he would stand no chance – but in return, he had the agility and speed advantage...and the knowlegde how to flatten an attacker with just one hit: like many other things, it wasn't a matter of strength of power, but more about knowing an opponents weak spot.

And the weak spot of any male was always the same; right between the legs.

Of course, this all had it's limits – if he would be up against a group, even his quick reflexes and movements wouldn't help him, only chance there was to run...and his speed allowed him to outrun everyone.

Now there was just one left.

Probably at the door.

"How about you call your dogs back, Okyl ? I feel bad for hitting those dumber than me..."

###

His left hand had into a fist – there was no way to describe how much he HATED Jake!

Why couldn't it be like four years ago, when that freak was just ten years old and their favorite victim ?

Things were so easy: whenever he or one of his friends felt bad – there was always someone to release their anger on; the class weakling and coward: Jake!

And now ?

That guy was still a weakling and coward, but he also became the biggest weirdo he ever met.

NO normal person would run around the school while NAKED! Or try sunbathing on the roof.

It wasn't the first time that black-haired pervert did something like this.

"How fucked up must your mind be, to behave like this all the time ?"

One day! One day he would catch Jake off-guard. And then, he would make that little fag pay for all these times he made fun of him, all these times he dared to oppose him and his friends! And he didn't cared how much trouble this would cause to him, all he wanted was that weirdo back where he belonged; as their punching-ball!

###

"Is that a No ?"

Not that he really expected anything else...Okyl would never cancel an order he gave, even if it was a stupid one.

"Too bad, guess I have to take care of that last idiot then..."

Was that guy still waiting at the door ?

Only one way to find out...

He turned around, walking back to the stairs carefully...he couldn't be sure that the last guy wasn't hiding somewhere for him to attack in an unnoticed moment.

However, as he came closer he noticed something completly unexpected:

- appearantly the last guy just locked the door behind him and walked off.

And there was no way to open it from this side, it only had a knob.

But wait...they couldn't just lock him up here! This meant they would lock the two guys he knocked out before as well.

"Hey Okyl! I think your two friends won't like to spend the night up here...you should let them out...h-huh ?"

They were gone! Just in the moment he came back to the roof side, he realized their bodys vanished.

###

"You're talking about Brian and Volbar here, huh ?"

This time it was Okyl who had the smirk on his face as he pointed at the two boys next to him.

"Luckily for us, the ladder from the old tool shed is really long...and while you've benn looking around for Cord at the door, I had enough time to get them both back down here. This time you are the dumb one, Jake! Ha! And I think we let you stay up there till tomorrow....I heard it's going to be really cold this night..."

Okyls smile went even wider as he noticed his third friend coming back from the building – with something in his hand.

"Oh and lookie what we also got now – your clothes! That was pretty dumb to lay around unguarded. Now you even spend the night up there NAKED! Isn't that what you always wanted, perv ?

And by the way, I don't care if you wont give us the football back! Don't even try to bargain over that, letting you rot up there is the best thing ever!"

With that he bursted into laughter, with his friends joining in.

###

Jake shrugged in indifferance, a bored expression on his face.

"You really think that you got me trapped up here ? That easily ?"

But he had to admit – that was actually pretty clever. Most other people would be in real trouble now. And he never expected them to come up with such a smart trick. Almost too bad it wasn´t going to work.

###

"Don´t act so cool, not even YOU will find a way down there. It's more than ten meters, if you jump, you die! And you cant climb down on a flat wall either! Admit it, this time you're trapped!"

Really, what could that jerk possibly do ? Okyl walked a little closer to the wall, now looking almost directly up to Jake. "We see you tomorrow....and if you ask really nice, we let you down again, fag!" With that he turned around, about to walk off with his friends; "Let's go guys!"

But then he froze – something warm was raining down on his head. "NO WAY!"

###

"Sorry, said something ?"

Jake aimed his penis straight down, a big stream of golden liquid running out from his tip.

"Couldn't hear you over the sound of me wetting, my apologies..."

He simply couldn't miss that chance.

When he saw Okyl moving closer to the building, he just HAD to do it. After all, that was his signature move...peeing was such a wonderful and creative way to tell his opinion...or just to be naughty. There was nothing like it.

"Mmmh..." he loved it! That feeling of his full bladder emptying, the urine gushing through his uretha, leaving his penis with a loud hissing noise. How good he found that opportunity to empty his bladder, otherwise he would've been forced to waste his wonderful urine into a bush like most other people. For him, it was arousing to say the least, causing him to tighten the grip around his cock, squeezing it shut for a few moments and enjoying the soft pain coming from it before he relaxed his hand again.

Great. Now he was really aroused!

The blackhaired male started rubbing his wetting member, making the stream unstable and spray violently all over the edge of the roof – and on himself.

###

"YOU ARE SUCH A FREAKY PERVERT!!! I LET YOU ROT UP THERE FOREVER!"

He was soaked. Completly drenched in the urine of that sick bastard. How dare he ? Oh damn, that smell...it was so disgusting and foul, all over his body.

Okyl screamed some more curses up the roof before he ran off to the gym – he had to get that smell off his body, or he was going to puke...and luckily they had some in there.

###

Faster...faster!!!

Jake moaned loudly, the sweet tension of lust building up in his lower body as his hand went up and down his throbbing erection, urine spurting out from his tip every time a wail of pleasure escaped his trembling body.

Just a little more...yes...

"Nnnnghh..."

His fingers were flying over his sensitive, wet glans, pee running down his fingers as well.

So close...

The young male closed his eyes, shutting himself off from the world completly, only focusing on the current moment.

"Ahhh..."

He felt the pressure rising inside him, an unresistable force building up at the base of his penis, rising in intensity just as it rose up in his member.

And finally...

"YESSSSSSSS...."

The pressure explodes into his hand in form of a huge, creamy squirt of cum, followed by a second one just moments later and a third, slighty smaller one with some more seconds delay.

Jake let go of his twitching cock, the last, small spurts going all over his body and ran down his smooth, soft skin.

Great...that was just really, really needed.

But now he had something else to take care of – or rather: someONE.

After he made his way down from here of course...like being locked out on the roof of a building would stop him from going anywhere.

Jake guided his steps to the adjacent corner of the roof plattform, taking a quick breath and jumped – for one second, two, three, he glided through the air, high above the ground – and landed on top of the gym.

How useful it had about the same height as the main building and just two meters away.

From there, he climbed down the fire ladder on the side of the gym...finally back on the ground.

And now he could focus all his attention on the people who tried to trap him.

It didn't mattered that their attempt was rather futile and pointless, he just had to teach them not to mess with him...

Otherwise, it would be just like a few years before, never fighting back and submitting to their will.

He wasn't going to let that come true again.

"Well well...watch out Okyl...here I come~~~"

And he had a good idea where to find that huge gorilla...

### Part 2 ###

"I'm going to break EVERY single bone in his body!"

Damn! And he could still smell the urine on his skin, even after spending three entire bottles of shower lotion to wash it off.

"Thar freaking little jerk is going to wish he was never born!"

Okyl slammed the third empty bottle of lotion against the wall and turned off the water – it was no use.

That smell just didn't wanted to go away, it just as persistant as Jakes arrogant smirk he saw in his mind.

"I KILL HIM!!!!"

Nothing would stop him from doing that deeply justified act. Not even his friends, trying to calm him down...if Brian would say "Take it easy, Boss" just one more time, HE would be the first one to taste his fist. Even before Jake.

Right now, everyone was wetting him off.

The heavy-weighted boy stepped out of the showering stall, grabbed a towel and went over to his locker on the opposite site of the showers before he realized, something was missing.

"Where the fuck are my CLOTHES ?!"

###

The answer to that question was already far away. Too far for Okyl at least.

With a wide smirk on his face, Jake looked up the tree and made sure the clothes were impossible to spot from below...indeed, he really hid them almost perfectly.

This would give that low-brained Gorilla a nice time to play hide-and-seek.

And as much the Raven wanted to watch that definitly amusing scene from a distance, he had other things to attend to.

Besides, there were still many other days to come, where he could humiliate that guy.

For now, he was happy to have paid them a lesson – again.

So what next ? It was still just early afternoon and somehow he didn't knew what to do next.

That was the downside of being a "freak" probably – most others had their friends or gangs to hang out with.

He only had the company of himself. Then again, things never had been different. He always had been alone, even before these times he decided to "fight back" against the others.

And still, he couldn't get used to it.

That depressing emptyness in his life...yet another reason why he did, what he did.

At least he got peoples attention when he acted weird. He could kick them out of their own boring lifes, shock them and freak them out, just so he could make sure he was still alive.

Jake shrugged as he left the school grounds, aimlessly wandering the streets for about half an hour.

"How lame...you know it's your own fault you're alone if you behave like a total retard..."

Great, he was just becoming even more depressed now...thats what he got from listening to his own mind for too long.

He needed to distract himself. Quickly. Just doing SOMEthing, which would keep himself from thinking too much about things he couldnt change...

But before he could do anything else, he first needed a drink.

When was the last time he had some water ? His throat felt uncomfortable and dry.

No suprise with such intense heat and sunlight...

However, how was he supposed to get a drink now ?

Without any money – as usual, he was broke.

But he knew that part of town quite well and it happened that just a few blocks ahead, he would find the perfect solution for his thirst problem – in form of a store.

Not just any store – it was HIS favourite place whenever it came to "organize" something to drink.

Not because of the friendly staff or cheap prices...actually, quite the opposite. Not like he could afford anything from that place anyway.

There probably wasn't another place in the entire world, trying to make it's potential customers feel so unwelcome and as some kind of aggravation like that one. The exterior already spoke for itself:

- a small, secluded building in the middle of the less popular area of the town with dirty, old windows, paint peeling from the half-rotten door and a rusty, barely readable sign, declaring the whole place as "Mr.Taylors Gen. Store" – it was like everything about this place literally screamed NOT to buy here.

At least the Owner just fitted nicely to that place, Jake knew him quite well. Not in a positive way tho. It was that kind of person who liked to yell at potential customers for coming to his store and not buying anything...and shooting anyone who looked suspicious in Mr. Taylors eyes – which was basically everyone younger than him. He was just a rude and short-tempered old fart.

But that made it easy for Jake to justify it for himself, whenever he had to...organize...a few things.

It was just a fact that his family never had any money. It was the original reason why people bullied him in school...

All those times the other kids asked him if he found his clothes in a dumbster...and they didn't even knew how right they were.

It was just thanks to his actions, most kids now stopped making these jokes about him.

However, that alone still didn't changed the fact he was poor. Just like his entire family.

By now he had reached the entrace of the store and took a careful look through the dirty window...he was lucky, there was no one else inside.

Not that he expected anything different. Who in the world would go to this place....except to steal ?

The old storekeeper at the counter was asleep from what he could tell...but Jake knew the doorbell would still wake that guy up from his fragile sleep.

He wouldn't be Jake tho, if he had to use the door like most other people...

Two quick glances down the street confirmed him that no one else was watching, so he jumped up to the large crate near the entrace, from there he grabbed the sign hanging above the door and swung back himself up so he could grab the ledge and pull himself up the flat roof.

And just as expected, he found the roof hatch wide open...probably the only way to keep the temperature in there below 50 degrees without air condition that place couldn't afford...neither could Jakes family.

Now he had to be careful...any noise would most likely make Mr.Taylor wake up. And he would immediatly know that Jake didn't came through the door because otherwise the bell would've kicked him out of his dreams before.

From the hatch he gracefully jumped down on the shelfes and from there on the ground – he was skilled enough to do that without any noise, but that would help nothing if someone else would enter this place.

Then again – who on this planet would do that ? Most people ignored that small building in that part of town purposely...and with good reasons.

And without such great opportunity to grab everything he wanted, Jake would do that as well.

Actually, there was just ONE thing here he really wanted – water. Right next to the counter was the only electrical device of that entire place - an icebox full of water, cola and similar drinks. Just what Jake came here for.

Without leaving the man at the counter out of his eyes, the black-haired boy carefully sneaked closer – this was the most dangerous part.

The notoriously short temper of the owner was well-known, even tho no-one usually shopped here...or rather: no one shopped here BECAUSE everyone knew about the bad behavior – combined with the little detail that he never let his shotgun out of his eyes, it made Mr.Taylor an even less predictable person.

Probably, just 120 years ago, during the classical wild-west times, this man would've been incredible popular with his business...too bad that in the 21st century, most people didn't liked some sweaty, 70-year old redneck, pressing a gun into their face, just because they took a second too long to draw their wallet.

"Alright...you can do that..." he whispered to himself in his thoughts, just like he was afraid that thinking a bit too loud would also wake up the lion.

Jakes hand reached deep inside the icy depths, grabbing one large bottle of coke.

Actually, he would've preferred water, but putting the coke bottle back carried the risk of colliding it with one of the others, thus creating way too much dangerous noise...and there was no need to pull that risk.

The boy quickly closed the box again and quickly sneaked away from the counter.

Now he finally had the chance to dampen his dry throat.

Not just the chance actually – he HAD to drink it now. Right here. Because there was no way he could climb back to the roof with the bottle in his hand, he needed both arms to swing himself up there. Plus, the pockets on his jeans were way too small...

And that was why he would've preferred water; water didn't contained carbonation and therefor was much easier to drink right away...and without the risk of unwanted burping noises.

He stared through the glass into the dark brown liquid....all at once. That was the only option, there simply was no time.

Nervously he uncapped the bottle, his whole body twitching in chock as he heard the hissing from the gas escaping upon opening.

In panic his eyes wandered to the counter – no reaction, thankfully!

Jake let out a small sigh from relief.

Somehow he was unusually scared today.

It wasn't the first time he was stealing, not even the first time in this shop.

And he knew what he was doing here...yet, something seemed strange. He felt like something would go completly wrong – very soon.

"Calm down...just calm down..." his voice, even tho it was just a whisper, was shaking and trembling just like his entire body.

Okay, he waited long enough – with a determined expression on his face, he moved the bottle to his lips and started to gulp the sweet liquid down as fast he could, ignoring the uncomfortable cold feeling spreading in his stomach...of course that stuff was still ice cooled.

"Just keep going...keep going..." Jake tried to focus his mind to ignore anything else and keep drinking.

"A little more..."

His eyes noticed how the liquid was becoming less and after one full minute he finished it.

With a supressed moan of relief, he pulled the noe empty bottle away from his mouth, staring at it in disbelief – he just downed fucking 1,5 litres of cola in one go.

Maybe he wasn't the first person who ever did this, but it still was damn impressive.

Everyone could do it with just a small can of cola. But this was several times bigger.

But it also meant that he had to hurry now. His body would be completly overwhealmed with such huge amount of liquid at once. Without a doubt he would need to pee like crazy...very soon.

And when it came to that, it would be better to be already at the mall.

His eyes wandered up to the hatch, now there was the other tricky part; he had to climb back up there without any noise....unlike before, now there was a big amount of liquid inside his body, weighing him down.

Jake grabbed the upper shelf in front of him, pulling himself up – or at least trying to.

His body was too heavy. Or maybe he was just too weak.

"Come on..." he mumbled, placing his right feet on the lowest shelf, trying to find some space between all the stuff stored in there – the good thing was that these shelfes were tightly screwed to the floor...the bad thing; just one wrong move and something would fall out, creating much unwanted noise.

Another step, second row.

Maybe it was possible to use that thing as some kind of ladder ?

...or maybe not - the third row was completly stuffed up with crates, no space to use it as another stepping stone.

It seemed like there was no other way, he had to jump up there...in that condition.

Jake moaned nervously, instantly forcing himself to shut up again, he was already suspicious enough.

"One..." he gulped, tightening his grip around the top shelf....

"..two..." ...trying to focus all his strength in his arms...

"...and go!" With his teeth gritted together to avoid any noise escaping from his strained body, he managed to pull himself up the shelf and stand on top of them.

Pain was flowing through his muscles and made them feel on fire.

Luckily the second step was much easier; he used the handle from the hatch cover as a step and finally he was back at the roof, panting heavily.

He made it. And he took care of his thrist.

But now he was in the same situation as before:

What should he do with that afternoon ?

Going home to his parents, who didn't gave a shit about his existance ? No thanks...

If only there was something to-

The sound of approaching voices shook him out of his thoughts; someone was coming.

Jake sighed softly and tried to calm down from the first shock upon hearing them....in the first moment he feared that the shopkeeper woke up and realized the boy on his roof – or even worse, that that boy just broke into his store.

But the voices came from across the street and now he also recognized one of them: Okyl.

And from the sound of it, he still seemed to be quite steamed about that little prank Jake played on him before. Really, that guy seriously needed to chill out a bit, how could anyone freak out about a small "shower" ? Or maybe it was about the clothes Jake decided to hide ?

Now that he thought about it, how did that Neanderthal managed to find his stuff back ?

After all, Jake tried his best to hide it – but he was going to find out. And maybe he could use that opportunity to tease that big idiot a little more.

Quickly he cowered behind some large boxes on the edge of the roof, using that cover to spy down on the almost completly empty street, it would be better if Okyl did not saw him up here...at least not for the moment.

And in the first moment he had to press his hand on his mouth to avoid bursting out in laughter:

Okyl was wearing Brians clothes. Appearantly he didn't managed to find his own back, so he probably forced his friend to "borrow" his own.

That also explained why Brian wasn't with him, usually they were hanging out together.

Instead he was together with Cord now and eagerly discussing something.

But that wasn't the main reason why that scene was so amusing, it was more because Brian – even tho that guy was still quite bulky – didn't nearly had the same size as his "leader".

And that meant that the clothes were also quite a bit too small for Okyls size, making him look totally hilarious – not only he appearantly had trouble to walk in these much-too-small shoes, the tight fabric of the jeans also seemed to cut deeply into his skin, making him feel quite uncomfortable.

What could possibly make Jake any happier than seeing his greatest opponent in such a situation ?

Just too bad he couldn't understand them clearly – that was the downside of hiding here, if only he would know what they were planning to do next.

Messing around with Okyl never became boring and only few people deserved it more than him, who tormented Jake for years.

Carefully he tried to listen to their words, but since they already passed the store, the voices just became even lower.

Appearantly there was no choice – he had to follow them.

"Watch out Okyl...I'm not yet done with you..." the black-haired boy mumbled happily as he jumped down from the ceiling and landed on the sidewalk without any noise.

And now, after them...

Great!

Jake sighed in annoyance and shook his head softly to get some hair out of his face, throwing another glance down the mall.

He lost them.

After almost half an hour of sticking to their heels, they suddenly left his view area and vanished into the crowd.

But at least they didn´t realized that he was following them, it was always good to know that his sneaking skills were still as good as always.

What should he do now anyway ? The whole time he hoped for another chance to play a little prank on Okyl, especially in public.

Seemed like he had to wait for another time.

Well, since he was already here, why not look around a little ?

It felt like forever since he had last been at the city center and especially the mall.

Of course, what was the point to hang around in a place like this without any money ?

And with all the security guards and cameras it was also too risky to simply "borrow" something like from the redneck store.

Speaking of that place...the bottle of coke he stole from there was beginning to show it's effect.

His bladder was sending soft but persistant throbs through his body.

Jake liked that feeling – that slowly growing urge in his lower abdomen.

Just like he enjoyed peeing in general.

Maybe he should just....let go ?

This would definitly give him some attention he seeked all the time.

People would turn around, stare at him in shock as the wet spot on his crotch would grow, the warm liquid run down his legs...and while they were staring, he would enjoy the wonderfull feeling of pleasure and relief....

Arousal filled Jakes body as he spun his thoughts further, combined with growing exitement.

He should do it. Right here. What was he waiting for ?

Another push from his bladder went through him, making his arms and legs tingle.

Okay, enough with that hesitation already, time to find a perfect spot with as many people possible seeing him.

But in that very moment, he noticed someone bulky entering a nearby store -

"Okyl.."

So maybe he could get another chance after all ?!

*003*2013-01-28 00:45

Oh I'm happy ppl like it XD

Wasn't so sure about it first since Jake is...well...sometimes not so easy to like^^

