Annalise the Secretary - A follow up to 'The Secretary'

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-11-25 23:11

Note: This is the storyline of my fanfic 'The Secretary' but from the point of view from a different character. If you want to check out the original 'Secretary' please do so.

###

Annalise's alarm rang, awakening her from her slumber. She was 25 with blonde hair, perfect breasts and skinny legs. She had a beautiful, slim and tanned body.

As Annalise was getting out of bed, she felt a horrible aching in her bladder, followed by a small dribble of urine. She dashed into the bathroom, remembering the amount of drinks she had last night at Brad's party. She pulled down her pink pyjama bottoms and sat down on the toilet bowl, thankful that only a dribble escaped.

Once she had finished, she had her wash and got dressed for work: a collared shirt with a yellow v-neck jumper and a black skirt. She went downstairs and made herself a bowl of cereal.

Once she finished her shredded wheat, she grabbed her work stuff, slipped on her heels and exited her small house.

Her bus arrived a few minutes later outside her house and she hopped on, not noticing that her pink panties were clearly visible, as her skirt had not been pulled up far enough.

Annalise sat down at her desk in the office. She had arrived second out of five girls. The last girl to arrive was her best friend Lyanne. They both greeted each other with hello's before Lyanne proceeded to answer a phone call.

At 2:15 pm, Annalise started sipping her tea, wondering what she should do tonight. She considered many things: going to the club, rent a movie or have a coffee with Lyanne. She decided she would go for the last option. She was about to ask Lyanne until she felt a little twitch in her bladder. She decided she would ask her later, once she had forgotten about her twitch.

However, her twitches didn't go. At 2:30 pm, her bladder twitched more. She was about to go to the restroom when Lyanne got up and said, "I'm just gonna pop to the loo, can you cover for me while I'm gone?"

"Sure," Annalise replied. She was about to ask her if she wanted to come round for a coffee but Lyanne was out the door quicker than an eagle attacking his prey.

A few minutes later, Lyanne returned. Annalise asked her if she wanted her to come round, which she accepted, but Annalise noticed a strange look on Lyanne's face.

"Are you alright?"

Lyanne told her that the only toilets in the bank they worked in were out of order. Annalise told her that she needed to go, but she could hold it but Lyanne only made a disturbed look so Annalise stopped talking.

At 4:23 pm, Annalise's bladder was starting to ache. Annalise knew the bathroom's were out of order so she would have to hold it until 7:00 pm.

By 6:00 pm, Annalise was getting desperate. She noticed Lyanne had her body in an awkward position in her chair, so Annalise assumed she needed to go too. Annalise crossed her legs and put both hands over her crotch. She was feeling really uncomfortable and realised she wouldn't be able too answer phone calls. She cleared her head and proceeded with her work.

Her desperation had gone by 6:30, but had come back at 6:45.

"Come on! Just 15 more minutes before work finishes, I can make it!"

She crossed her legs again, but had to uncross them to answer a phone call. A tiny dribble exited her urethra and landed on her leather chair. She jammed one hand into her crotch, remembering her little incident earlier on in the day.

She never though it would come. 7:00 pm. She jumped off her chair and started walking to her bus stop, but she saw Lyanne walking the opposite direction. She called her over, but the use of her voice box caused another dribble to soak into her pink panties. When Lyanne came to her, she saw a dribble of pee running down Lyanne's leg, causing Annalise to release another, longer spurt.

They both hopped on the bus, but about halfway through the journey, she noticed Lyanne with her eyes closed and both hands jammed into her crotch. She asked her what was wrong, and Lyanne told her she really needed to pee. This made Annalise release another spurt, she decided she should let her use her bathroom at her house first, as she was clearly more desperate.

Another spurt leaved Annalise's urethra.

"I can't lose control, I can't!"

She started moving from side to side on her seat.

The girls got off at Annalise's house at the quiet part of town, but as they got off, Annalise started to dribble a bit more. She felt a damp spot on her panties and realised that she had to get to the toilet. She reached for her house key when more and more urine started leaking out of her urethra. Her panties started filling up with pee and she grabbed her crotch as the urinne escaped her panties and splashed down on the pavement. She was close to tears, but suddenly, Lyanne started to pee too. She watched as her urine glistened in the sun and her skirt dampen. Annalise lifted up her skirt to find that her pink panties had been drenched in golden urine. Lyanne then lifted her's up too, to find a similar result.

Annalise put both the girls skirt's and panties on the washing machine and lent Lyanne a black pair of knickers and a skirt. Annalise slipped on a pair of mint green panties and said to Lyanne how embarrassing it was, and how they were lucky no-one saw them. They both agreed to keep it a secret, but then Lyanne started laughing. Annalise was wondering what she was laughing at, when she realised she was only wearing a pair of panties. They both laughed and soon forgot about the accident that had occured.

*002*2011-11-27 20:33

{{: 

I like that it was the same story told from the other girl. Is that way the ending was almost identical? Bc i wasn't a huge fan of that

But keep it up! Good story

}}

Thanks for the support! Yes, the ending was identical because it was the same story, but told from the other girls perspective.

*004*2011-11-30 16:11

No problem!

