Prisoner

Author: Lakur

*000*2015-12-23 04:07

This is a new story project about my OC Tera, who is a water nymph-human halfbreed and struggles to understand many things about the human culture and society...which often gets her in trouble, altough never as much as this time, as she finds herself in quite the unfortunate situation here.

There isn't any omo in this part (unfortunaly) but there will be later^^

I hope you'll like it. Oh, maybe one word of warning: English isnt my main language, so I apologize for any spelling and gramma mistakes, as well as the usual typos.

For those who want to know more about Tera, I created a profile about her on charahub with much of her personality and background story explained: https://charahub.com/character/502384/Tera

###

Blue. Endless, pure blue sky as far she could see. No clouds, not even a hint of them. And high up, right in the middle a hot, merciless sun, slowly dehydrating her body. Not that Tera didn't like the sun – under normal circumstances she had no problem with the warm sunrays which allowed all sorts of life to flourish on earth. But right now, the circumstances were far from normal. The most obvious sign was the fact that she was locked in a cage...on top of a large wooden cart, pulled by several horses. Not to mention the two squadrons of guards marching in front and behind the cart, all armed like they were going to war.

How could they even walk like that? Every single one of them was wearing heavy armor, which, during hot days like this, probably caused them to sweat like crazy. Well, at least there was the chance that the men would pass out from dehydration then...at least she hoped so. But that was just another mystery about humans she didn't understood – why were they doing that? Why they didn't just removed their armor? It would be much easier for them to stand the heat. Of course this was only one of so many aspects about humans she simply couldn't comprehend. The same lack of understanding was also the reason why she was locked in this cage at all.

"Can I have some water please? I really need something to drink, or I might pass out..." Tera squirmed a little – it felt unpleasant to talk, her entire throat was dry and it made her voice slightly hoarse. So far, she avoided any sort of communication during the entire transport. Except for her to scream at the guards to let her out during the beginning. Unfortunaly for her, none of the guards gave in to her pleas, so she decided to calm down and stick to what she was was taught by her parents, in case of human contact: talk as little as possible, don't give them any information by accident! Right now however, she could no longer ignore her growing thirst. Hopefully someone would have some mercy...maybe?

"You should have thought about that BEFORE attacking all these farmers, fish-freak! Maybe this will teach you a lesson!" The guard gave her a spiteful smirk before grabbing a water bottle from his belt and started to slowly drink the content, making noises of pleasure.

Teras could feel a surge of glowing anger coming from deep within her body...this was just another proof how despicable humans were. How could she still feel sorry for them? Like due to the fact they were wearing this heavy armor? They deserved no pity! She probably should've killed all the farmers instead of just beating them up. That way, they couldn't have told the guards in which direction she fled after the attack. Maybe she never would've been caught?! All just because she felt sorry towards humans, who felt no remorse killing plants and animals for their own, selfish needs.

She should probably-

"Here, have some of mine...but please, don't drink it all, okay? I still need some for myself..."

Another one of the guards was walking right next to the cart, holding up his water bottle for her.

For a few moments she stared at him and sighed a little as she grabbed the bottle from the guards hand. And as quickly as that, her anger had vanished. Tera took a long sip, keeping the water in her mouth as long as possible before swallowing it slowly to make the most of it. She didn't even care that the water was warm – right now, this one sip felt brought great relief to her.

Nontheless she avoided the temptation to just drink the remaining water, slowly moving the bottle away from her lips and handed it back to the young guard.

"Thank you...a lot..." How she could still smile now, despite the situation, was beyond her.

"No problem...oh, if that helps you – it won't be much longer till we reach our destination...then they'll move you off that cart."

Now that were some good news. Anything was better than this small cage. However, this still lead to one, very important question. Or rather, two: "Umm..where are you bringing me anyway? And what will happen to me there?"

The happy expression faded from the guards face and turned into pity.

"No one told you? We're transporting you to Montera, one of the main cities of the empire! I don't know what awaits you there, me and the others are simply here to guard you on the way there..."

A small moment of silence followed, while the young man tried to come up with something to cheer her up.

"Well, at least I don't think you'll be locked up in prison...or worse. If that would be the case, they would've locked you up back in Ardea already...you know, the village where you assaulted all these farmers."

Another akward moment of silence...

"Say...why did you do this anyway? What did these farmers do to you?"

Tera gave the guard another, careful glare, debating with herself whether or not she should answer him. The warning of her parents echoed back and forth inside her mind – talk as little as possible, don't give them any information...

But, she couldn't get into any more trouble than she already was, right? Maybe it was a mistake, but Tera decided to talk:

"They...burned down an entire forest to make room for their stupid wheat fields. I can't tolerate that...this utter disrespect towards nature and the creatures who lived there! So I decided to punish them for what they did! It's as simple as that!"

Her voice was trembling from anger as she was talking, because pictures of the burnt forest reappeared inside her mind...a dead, barren wasteland, covered in ashes...which was once a beautyful, green forest full of life. Destroyed by some greedy humans!

"I would do it again any time..."

As expected, her straight, cold answer seemed to shock the guard as his eyes widened a little.

"You wanted to hear the truth, sorry..."

The man nodded and slowly moved back to his comrades at the back of the convoy.

At least he gave her some information. Not too much but still better than nothing. Appearantly she wasn't going to be executed or sent to prison – if the guard was correct. But what else could be waiting for her? Despite her otherwise great curiousity, Tera didn't really want to find out what the humans had planned for her. But despite her best efforts, she just couldn't think off a way to escape.

The cage seemed really sturdy, even with the great physical strength water nymphes possessed it would be nearly impossible to just bend these bars open. Especially now, while she was weakened from dehydration. No, escaping from that cage would not work. But would it really be wiser to just wait till they reached their destination? She knew nothing about this city of Montera the younger guard mentioned.

Tera hated cities anyway and did her best to stay away from them. Only once her curiousity lead her near the gates of a larger human settlement. She didn't even went inside, as she was turned away right at the gates. Appearantly the fact she wasn't wearing any clothes was a problem for some reason. Of course she understood that humans needed them for some reason, as they had no fur to keep themselves warm. To her however, clothes served no purpose. As a water nymph she spent large quantities inside or near water, they would just become wet and useless. Besides, she had a thick layer of skin to keep herself warm, there was absolutly no need for some sort of "artificial fur"

While she was sunken in thoughts, a sudden jolt went through the cart, followed by a loud crashing noise.

"Fffffffuuuuuuccck...."

One of the guards cursed as the cart suddenly tilted sideways, causing Teras cage to slide a few centimetres to the side.

"What happened?"

Another one of her wardens hurried over to the side of the cart.

"The damn wheel broke! We're stuck!"

"You can't be serious! How did that happen?"

"I dont know, that came out of nowhere..."

"Great, and now what? The cart can't move like this!"

Tera watched the whole scene, silently hoping the argument would turn into a major fight between the men.

Unfortunaly the squad captain soon put an end to the dispute:

"Stop bickering! We need to get this fixed as quickly as possible!"

The captain unfolded his map and studied it for a few minutes, which Tera used to observe the surrounding area. There was a large field of potatoes to one side of the road but on the other side was a small creek. She gasped a little when she noticed it – if only she could get into the water somehow, she could get her strength back and try to escape.

Sadly she was still stuck in that cage which wasn't even big enough to stand up.

"Alright. There should be a village not too far away from here! Private Gelford!"

One of the man stepped up, "Yes, sir?"

"You will go to the village and find someone to fix the broken wheel! You will bring them here at once! You have the highest order and you are allowed to use force if the villagers refuse! This convoy needs move on as quickly as possble, is that understood?"

"Sir, yes sir!"

Tera watched as the soldier saluted and then started heading further down the path until he vanished behind some bushes at the side of the road. Maybe this was her chance...if only she could get this cage opened before Gelford would be back...at least she had some time now to figure something out.

But more importantly...her throat was bone dry again. The sun was truly merciless today. But at least it wouldn't be too much longer till sunset...

"Hey...hey you..." Tera noticed the young guard next to cage again and whispered as softly as possible.

Thankfully it was still loud enough for the guard to hear.

"Be quiet...I can hear you. Now, whats wrong?"

Tera hesitated for a moment, once again wondering if she should really trust this guy – and came to the same conclusion as before: what did she had to lose?

"Can you get me some more water? There is a creek right next to the road, you could fill your bottle there and give it to me...by the way, whats your name? So I don't have to say "hey you" all the time."

A faint hint of disgust appeared on the guards face: "Wait, you want to drink the water from this creek? It looks all muddy and filthy...I wouldn't do that if I were you. Oh and the name is Ian...but be careful if you call me like that, technically I'm not even allowed to talk to you...if the others notice you know my name, I'm already in throuble...thats also why I can't risk just going over there to bring you some water. My comrades would notice...sorry."

So much about that. Tera let out another sigh – of course this would've been too easy. But on the other hand she could understand Ian. Why should he risk his position for her? It had already been unusually nice of him to share his water with her before.

"Listen..." Ian leaned himself closer to her cage, whispering while keeping a careful eye on the other guards who started setting up a camp in the nearby potato field, "...if you can wait till nightfall, maybe I can smuggle some water to you in the dark. But I make no promises. Hows that?"

A soft smile appeared on the young nymphes lips – in her current situation this was more than she ever hoped for...now she only had to wait for nightfall – and hope that the other guard –Gelford- wouldn't be back too soon...

*002*2015-12-31 04:37

Nightfall finally brought the long-awaited temperature drop. Together with a soft breeze, it made Tera feel at least a little better. Too bad this didn't solve her biggest problem at the moment, because she was still trapped inside her cage and very, very thirsty by now. In fact, she was pretty sure the past hours were the single longest time she ever spent without drinking.

From time to time she glanced over towards her guards, who settled down near a campfire after setting up their tents. At least this gave her the confirmation that they would spend the night here after all. Most of her glances were directed to one particular guard tho – Ian, who was just enjoying his rations together with his comrades.

He didn't forgot, did he? About what he told her? Sure, he gave her no promise, but Tera really tought she could've trusted him. Maybe Ian deceived her? Or maybe it was just her mind going crazy – after all, it wouldn't be smart to disobey his captains orders right in front of everyone.

But Tera really needed some water soon – as a water nymph, she needed much greater amounts of liquids to stay hydrated than a human. Just as dehydration had much more severe consequences for her species as well. Her irritated, hoarse voice was only a minor problem compared to the other symptoms she would have to face soon, if she couldn't rehydrate her body.

The itching was getting worse and worse. Tera squirmed, desperatly fighting the temptation to give in to the urge of scratching herself. She was smart enough to know this would only grant her a very brief relief before the itching would be back – and much more intense. No, she had to stay focused and keep her hands under control.

Deep inside her head she knew this was the next level of dehydration: her skin slowly drying out...

Even more important now she would finally get some water, otherwise there was a real chance she woul no longer be alive the next morning.

Unfortunaly the guards were still sitting around their small campfire – talking, laughing, eating...and so was Ian.

Weren't they tired? They marched the entire day, wearing heavy armor...and they were supposed to take her to this city tomorrow, too. So why weren't they going to sleep? It made no sense...just like the fact she was being transported to that city. Nothing made sense! What could these humans want from her? For the first time she wondered if it would've been better if they just killed her right away, instead of imprisoning her in this tiny cage where she was unable to move, unable to do anything but await her destiny...

"Ughh..." All these thoughts made her feel dizzy. Or maybe it was just another symptom of dehydration. Her vision started to become blurry...if only she could lay down, rest, maybe sleep to conserve what little energy she had left...but there wasn't enough room in her cage, she was basically forced to sit or kneel in here.

She stared over to the guards one more time, expecting to see them sitting around the campfire like before.

However, much to her surprise, they were all standing now, looking up to the sky for some reason.

It was not until this moment, Tera noticed the faint rumbling noise which echoed through the sky.

Could it be...?

Slowly, she raised her head, looking up into the night above her..and gasped:

Just minutes ago, there had still been a full moon and stars – but now there were clouds were quickly covering up the sky...big, dark clouds with occasional lightning smashing into the ground.

Now, the wind was also picking up the pace. The so-far barely noticable breeze quickly turned into strong gusts, chasing across the flat land.

Tera couldn't tell if this storm really came out of nowhere, or if she just didn't noticed the first sings due to her fatigue. It didn't really matter to her at this moment. All she knew that her long-awaited relief was here.

Not even a minute later, the first drip hit her dry, itchy skin...cool and refreshing....

Soon another drip landed on her, then a third one, a fourth one...and in the next moment, the sky opened it's floodgates.

Along with a lightning firework, orchestrated by roaring thunder, the rain poured down from above, washing all over her body – it was bliss. Pure bliss.

Tera leaned back as much the small cage allowed her to, closed her eyes and opened her mouth as wide she could, swallowing as much of the intense downpour as she could.

And with each gulp, she could also feel her energy coming back, the dizzyness faded and the terrible itch all over her skin was soothed by the rain.

Tera couldn't tell how long she had been sitting there, greedily savouring each drop of rain, completly losing her sense of time.

But after the most intense thirst had been quenched, she opened her eyes again, looking around.

Obviously, she was the only one enjoying the storm, as the guards were all hiding inside their tents and their campfire long gone, doused by the rain.

Just at this moment, a strong gust of wind blew of the tarpaulin from one of the tents. Tera watched as it flew higher and higher until it vanished inside the clouds.

Her sight went back to men, who now tried to hide inside the remaining tents, but there was just no room left.

Finally she no longer could suppress her laughter – this scene was just too funny to watch. And such well-deserved payback to those bastards who dared to keep her locked up in this cage.

Unfortunaly there was one thing, which somewhat dampened Teras joy – she was still trapped.

As rewarding it was to watch the guards trying to hide from nothing but rain, it still didn't helped her to get out of her tiny prison.

She grabbed the cages metal bars, shaking them a little. No effect....of course not. Too bad this thing was made out of metal. If only it could be wood and she would be able to break it easily.

But coulds and woulds weren't helping her now. She needed an idea, quickly. The thunderstorm had everyone else distracted, it was probably her last chance to escape.

Probably it would be best to start with the lock. She stretched her hand through the cage door, grabbing the large, iron padlock, dangling in the wind and gave it a closer look.

Just like the cage itself, it seemed quite sturdy and unlikely to be breakable by hand, even for a nymph.

If only she had something hard...like a rock...

There were plenty of them on and near the road, much like the one which caused their unplanned stop in the middle of nowhere.

Maybe if she...

Tera grabbed the cage again, shaking it a little harder this time, causing the whole metal construct wiggling back and forth for a few seconds. A smirk appeared on her face and she uses all her strength now, finally causing the cage to reach a critical tilt – and then fall of the cart with a loud, metal crash, causing the young nymph to be smashed against the wall in the process.

"Owww...", she moaned, holding her head. Everything was spinning for a few seconds but thankfully she wasn't injured.

There was no time to waste now, the crash must've definitly gotten the guards attention, even through the storm. She took the next best rock and smashed it against the padlock hard.

A loud, dull noise echoed through the metal. Again! Another loud bang...and she could now hear footsteps, quickly coming closer.

"Come on, come one..." Now or never – she raised her hand as far the limited space allowed her – and used maximum force to smash the rock against the metal.

The rock shattered, with some of the fragments cutting deep into her skin. She clenched her teeth, at least the lock finally burst open as well.

With a kick she opened the door, jumped on her feet and just barely dodged the first guard, swinging his sword in her direction. Of course – how could she forget?

A quick glance confirmed her theory – she was completly surrounded. But no way she would give up now.

Footsteps behind her! Tera quickly turned around and smashed her uninjured fist into the charging guards stomach – the power of the impact caused the man to be thrown back several meters and landing in the creek next to the road.

But now everyone else was charging at her – everyone, except Ian.

He was standing there, looking at her in shock, appearantly undecided whether or not he should actually attack her...which made him a weakpoint.

She dogded another sword slash, this time from the captain himself and smashed her elbow against his chin – and much to her delight, she could almost feel his lower jar crack. As fast she could, she moved through the small gap, now there was only Ian left in her way. Fortunaly he was still not making any attempt to stop her.

"Sorry for doing this to you..." Tera whispered, as she gave the young guard a soft push – just enough to make him stumble backwards a little – and finally escaped the encirclement.

There were voices between her, footsteps...but she didn't turn around and kept running till the voices became more and more distant...and finally vanished.

The nymph girl dragged herself a few more steps along, before she finally came to a halt, breathing heavily. She did it! Against all odds, she actually escaped her human pursuers.

Slowly she sank to her knees, sitting down on the muddy field – the storm was still raging on and so she took a few minutes to enjoy it, drinking some more of the rain while her arms and legs were covered in mud. Not that it bothered her in any way. Mud was just part of nature after all...she only had to keep her injured hand clean for now.

Some time later, the weather finally seemed to calm down and the intense downpour turned into a faint, soft spray.

What now? Tera looked around, undecided. Thanks to her unplanned capture, she had no idea where she was. It would probably be best to just keep wandering till she found a river or a lake – the flow direction and speed would definitly help her to pinpoint her rough location.

She took a careful glance at her injured hand – it was bleeding a little and Tera used the opportunity to pull the remaining rock fragments out of her wound, her body twitching from the pain a little.

Again, it was pure luck the injury wasn't any bigger...a few leaves of quartzweed wrapped around the wound and it would probably be all good by morning...she only had to find some, but since quartzweed was a pretty common herb, she didn't worry about that and more about another thing:

"I should definitly be more careful from now on...don't think I'll have such luck next time this happens..."

Of course it was entirely her own fault...she simply lost her mind over the anger she felt when confronted with the destruction humans caused. But she couldn't help it. The intense emotions – especially anger – were part of her own...unusual origin.

Normally, water nymphes were far more pacifistic and calm. But Tera wasn't a normal, pure-blooded nymph...part of her was human as well.

Nontheless, she despised humans for what they were doing to nature...foolish and respectless beings they were...

After a while, her steps lead her away from the empty field and she could spot some trees in the distance...a forest. It would be perfect to rest till morning and to find some quartzweed for her wound...or just some fresh herbs in general.

As she was getting closer to the edge of the forest, she could also smell water – other than the rain.

There had to be a lake or something nearby...and indeed, after a few minutes of walking, she stood in front of a large pond.

Perfect! This was a really nice place. Tera looked around the embankment, near some reeds and finally found some of the familiar, white leaves of the quartzweed plant and started wrapping them around her injured hand – nice and tight, but not too much so air could still reach the wound.

Now she could relax already...about time too, the past day had made her incredibly tired, she yawned.

"Just...one more thing....seems like some of the rain wants to come out now..." Tera chuckled a little as she sat down in the middle of the reeds, which she chose as her sleeping place for tonight...but first, she had to pee.

Not that her bladder was uncomfortably full or even anywhere close. But it still felt better to be completly empty before sleeping.

She reached between her legs, touching her lower lips and spreading them a little, which caused her to moan softly. All ready, the nymph girl relaxed her muscles and released a small, warm fountain splashing into the water.

"Ahhhh~" she purred, watching her own, golden fluid mix into the clear water of the pond.

Her little waterfall went on for a few more seconds until it finally collapsed into a tiny dribble.

All done! Another yawn overcame her as she laid down on her bed of reeds. Finally, time to sleep...

*004*2015-12-31 05:02

{{: 

That was excellent

}}

Thanks a lot~

I'll definitly add more omorashi in the future as well, I'm just waiting for the right opportunity^^

*006*2016-01-13 08:07

It was already late during the later morning hours, when Tera finally started to wake up. At first she just blinked sleepily, taking a few moments to adjust her eyes to the bright sunlight which burned down on her. She could already tell this was going to be another hot day...

"Well, time for a bath..." she muttered, rolling herself sideways, off her reeds bed and into the pond.

The cool water finally made her wake up completly and washed away the last bit of sleepyness.

Instead, her stomach chimed in with a small rumble. Tera wasn't too surprised about her hunger, after all, she hadn't eaten anything the day before. It was hard to get anything to eat when locked up in a cage after all...

But now she had all the time to look for a decent meal.

While she was diving through the pond, she noticed a swarm of trout right in front of her. But these were young ones, still too small to eat.

These big, fat carps near the surface however...

Tera accelerated underwater and then thrusted up, grabbing one of the big carps by it's tail.

"Gotcha!" She chuckled and dragged her catch bat to shore. This would be more than enough for a large breakfast. Or should she call it lunch? According to the sun it was already close to noon...

She decided to kill her prey with a strong punch to the head – a practice she often thought as brutal and cruel until she learned it was actually merciful and better than letting the fish slowly suffocate in the air. After she dragged the dead carp onto a large, flat stone near the surface, Tera realized she still needed something to cut and disembowel her future meal. There was much more to a fish than just the meat. Too bad she no longer had her old knife – the humans took her pouch when they locked her up. The pouch she used to store her herbs and a few other, useful things – like the knife she now desperatly needed.

The young nymph looked around for something she could use as an emergency substitute and her eyes spotted an open clam in the shallow water. The clam itself was already dead but it's shells still looked good. Tera hammered it against the rock a few times, until parts of the shell splintered and she now had a very sharp clam shell at her hands.

It was far from perfect for cutting the fish open, but still better than doing it with her mere hands.

First she began cutting the whole fish in half, removing the fins in the process. Next was to remove to remove the spine, along with all the smaller fishbones – none of it was thrown away, these things, which humans would foolishly call trash, were very useful to her. Normally, she would even grind the fishscales to dust, which was used in various herblore recipes. But without her pouch or any other sort of container to transport the fine dust in, she had no choice but to skip that part. What a waste...

By the time she finished preparing the fish, it was already noon. Normaly she would go and collect some wood as well, for a fire to roast her not-quite-breakfast. But a fire would mean smoke and while she liked this place, there was no telling if there were any human villages nearby. Under no circumstances she wanted to get caught again and there was no telling if the guards were still looking for her. It would be best to move on soon...and this meant she had to eat the fish raw. Not a big problem for her, the digestive tract of nymphes was far more resilient than a humans. Of course things still tasted better when properly cooked...

She shrugged and started eating the carp just as it was, leaving nothing behind except the parts she cut off before.

After she finished her meal, Tera decided to get going at last. The creek which led to and from the pond was too small to swim, so she had to go on foot again. She followed the small river, hoping it would lead her to a larger stream or lake. The most urgent matter was to find a new pouch to store the few things she needed in. Altough, just finding one would probably be hard – the old one, which was taken by the humans had been a gift from her father when she first left her tribe to pursue her strong desire to explore and see the world. She didn't knew what kind of material it was made from, but it was waterproof – a great help for someone whose nature preferred to travel underwater whenever possible. None of the materials she knew had abilites like that.

Maybe...the only way to get a new one was from a human? The thought alone made her shudder a little – she just escaped imprisonment yesterday, it would be completly ludicrous to ask humans for help. They would probably just try and capture her again. And even if not, why should the humans give her one of these pouches anyway? From what her father told her, the only way to convince a human to do anything was by using something called "money" – Tera had no idea what it was or how it worked, all she knew was that she had none of it. Besides, it was insane to-

All of the sudden she noticed someone grabbing her arm – from behind. Tera immediatly thrusted her elbow backwards, right into whoever dared to attack her.

"Ughhh..." A painful groan reacher ears, followed by the "phump" as the person behind her collapsed on the ground.

"Serves you right...next time you better think twice when you grab someone..." Tera growled as she turned around.

Her eyes widened a little as she recognized the young man on the ground in front of her.

"Wait....Ian...?" She took a careful step forward, not quite sure if she should kneel down to help him up or not – after all, he did just try to attack her, right?

It took the guard almost a minute to get back on his feet, staggering back and forth a little. It was then, when Tera noticed he was no longer wearing the armor he had been wearing before while escorting the convoy. Also there were several bruises and trickles of dried blood on his face – clearly not her work as she didn't even hit his face.

"Sorry for hitting you...but when someone grabs me from behind, I see red..." she mumbled, deciding to support the guard so he wouldn't fall over again.

"Damn...you fish-people have some insane strength..." The young guard coughed a few times and leaned on Tera, whose face darkened a little:

"It´s water nymphes, not fish-people...got that?"

Ian put on an apologetic face; "Sorry, sorry...didn't mean to insult you. I just didn't expect such a hit..."

He still seemed unstable on his feet, so Tera helped Ian to sit down again, still not quite sure if she should help him at all.

"So, mind telling me what..."

"...what I'm doing here? Well after you escaped, the captain decided it was my fault and that I actually helped you to flee...so...they dismissed me from duty and kicked me out from the militia, took my armor and everything else and beat me up, then left me on the side of the road to rot..."

A strong sense of pity washes over her as she listened to Ians words – so that explained all the injuries and why he was no longer wearing weapons or uniform. But one important question remained – "So, why did you try to attack me then? And you better tell me the truth..."

Somehow she already knew this part of the story would make her feel less sorry.

And from the way Ian was nervously looking away from her, she seemed to be right. After a few moments he finally decided to talk:

"Okay, well...I admit...I WAS trying to capture you. I hoped that if I bring you back as a prisoner, I will be forgiven and allowed back into the militia..."

Yep. Just as she expected. It was sad to know she had the right idea from the start.

"At least you said the truth..." she shrugged and wondered a little whether she should help him or not. Her compassion went down quite a bit after knowing the full truth now.

"What do you even plan on doing now? I mean, let's be make this clear: I won't let anyone lock me up again. So don't even ask!"

A long moment of silence followed, with Ian seemingly really clueless.

"I have absolutly no idea. There is certainly no way I can go back to being a guard again. Maybe I can become a tailor, like so many others in my family. Altough, I don't like this one bit...it's the reason why I joined the militia in the first place: I didn't wanted to do the same thing my family has been doing for generations...besides, you don't earn much money in that line of work..."

Of course. Money. Was there anything else humans cared about? But there was something else which just made her curious:

"You just said your family are tailors, right?"

Ian looked at her in mild surprise; "Yes, thats right. Why do you ask? I thought you nymphes don't wear clothes..."

She shook her head. "No, you´re right – we don't! But...when I was arrested, the other guards took everything I owned from me. It wasn't much anyway, but these few things were really important to me. Mostly the pouch I use to keep various herbs and other ingredients in. It was waterproof...very useful to me. But no material I know has such abilities...do you know any?"

It was probably pointless to ask, but there was also no risk in doing so.

"Oh...there are some materials which are waterproof. It's not as rare as you think. You could buy something like that in any major city, no problem."

Teras sighed. She kinda expected such an answer.

"Like I could just walk into a city and buy something. I don't even have that money stuff you humans use."

She looked at him for a few seconds, "...but I bet you could. Could you get a new herb pouch for me?"

Ian stared back at her with in slight disbelief - "Why should I do that for you? I mean...you're basically the reason I got kicked out from the militia. If anything, you owe ME a favor!"

He didn't really say that just now! Really? Tera moved closer to him, trying her best not to snap:

"I didn't ask to be locked in a cage! I didn't asked having those few things I owned taken from me!"

She paused a little, clearing her head...because in the end, Ian was right. Why should he do anything for her?

"Alright...let's just ask anyway: What do you want from me?"

The young man gave her a long and careful look. "Before I tell you that, promise me not to freak out again! You may not like my suggestion at all, so keep calm! Okay?"

She nodded – what other choice did she have? Just...listening...to Ians suggestion couldn't be that bad, right?

*009*2016-01-14 00:55

{{: 

Nice. Is there a reason you italicize the speech, though?

}}

Yea. I thought it would be easier to read that way. Not sure if thats really the case, but I'm afraid somehow it would be hard to keep speech and the rest apart^^

*011*2016-02-01 18:27

She chould feel the stares penetrating her from all sides. Humans all around stopped what they were doing, raising their heads in order to look at her.

And Tera couldn't help but to feel uncomfortable. She never bothered about being looked at so far...but this was different. It was like they were looking at her like some kind of object, not a living being.

But it was too late to turn back now. The only option for her was to go forward, following Ian who lead her through the seemingly endless streets of the city.

Everything here seemed so unnatural. The ground was covered with stone...but not like she knew it from nature...there were thousands of small stone tiles, all identical in size and shape, showing the same pattern over and over again.

And both sides of the road were lined with buildings, reaching far up into the sky...completly different to the small, wooden houses she knew from villages, these large buildings were almost intimidating to her.

How could humans live like this? There was almost no green – no bushes, no grass...only some trees. But these didn't looked like the trees she knew. They seemed so...artificial, planted in regular intervals and pruned to look absolutly identical to each other. Disgusting...unnatural...

"I can´t believe you talked me into this..." she whispered, moving a little closer to Ian.

"How much longer till we're there...? I don't get why everyone is staring at me like this..."

She blushed a little, questioning her decision to accept Ians deal more and more...and her own intelligence as well. This was a bad idea all over!

"Thats because you're not wearing any clothes....and your skin color of course. Blue skin isn't very common amongst humans, so of course they stare. Just try to ignore it, we'll reach the city prison soon..."

Such a nice way to remind her where the journey was going.

Maybe it was just the whole atmosphere of the city which made her feel uncomfortable, but deep inside she realized it was a mistake to trust Ian. He would just use her to his own advantage...and let her rot in prison, waiting for whatever fate these humans had planned for her.

"No....NO!!!" Tera yelled as she stopped following Ians steps. "You plan to trick me! I won't fall for that!"

And before Ian or anyone of the gawking crowd could react, Tera made a quick dash for a small alleyway at the side of the main road.

"Hey, what are you doing? Come back, Tera!"

She could hear his voice from behind as she ran...but unlike the day before, no one seemed to actually follow her. Tera lowered her pace and looked back over her shoulder – nothing!

"Phew..." At least she didn't had to run till her lungs were on fire this time.

And now? The young nymph looked around a bit – in front of her, the alley split into three, even smaller paths – barely wide enough for a single person.

The houses around here looked far less impressive than on the main road...broken windows, rotting curtains...and the a foul smell of sickness and human waste.

Appearantly this was where the less wealthy humans lived...hidden, far from the prosperous main roads. And despite the fact the narrow street was empty, Tera could still feel being watched. Shadows moved behind closed windows and she could hear creaking noises as doors opened behind her back and faint whisper all around. But no one openly showed themselves. Appearantly, the residents were afraid of her.

Nervously, she contined to walk on, entering the middle alley. The smell was even worse now, besides the fact she was technically outside, the buildings were crammed so close to each other that no air circulation could possibly occur.

Even the ground was no longer paved and just plain and very wet mud. From the smell of it, this wasn't due to rainfall...

Maybe she should go back? These tiny streets were like a maze and if she continued to venture deeper into the area, she would probably get lost.

But the alternative would be going back to the main road...where the towns militia would probably catch her within minutes. There was no way she could just walk back to the city gates and leave this terrible place. "I never should've listened to Ian! It is all my own fault..."

Just as this thought entered her head, something grabbed her from behind, while another hand pressed something wet against her nose and mouth. Whatever it was, the smell paralyzed her and made the world around her fade away into darkness...

"Shit...."

Was that it? The end for her?

_____

It was dark when she regained her consciousness. Like...really dark! Even at night, outside in the wilderness it was never that dark!

Seconds later she realized that something was covering her eyes – appearantly she had been blindfolded.

And to top it all up, she also couldn't move her arms or legs. Behind her seemed to be some sort of wall or some other solid object she had been chained on. Perfect! Just perfect! The smell of whatever her unknown attacker used to knock her out, still lingered in her nose and caused a dizzy feeling inside her head.

Tera decided to wait a few minutes, hoping the nauseating stench would go away eventually so she could think clearly...and maybe, just MAYBE find a way out of this stroke of bad luck.

Altough, first it would be nice to know where she even was. The blindfold blocked her vision completly, no peaking around from the sides...

"Look, I think sleeping beauty is waking up..."

The voice sounded quite deep and threatening, clearly belonging to a man and now she could also hear heavy footsteps moving up to her. Had this person been there the entire time? No room for such questions now, as the unknown man carried on:

"I hope you´re not feeling -too- uncomfortable, nymph...but unfortunaly this is the best accommodation I could find for you!" A dirty laugh followed, accompanied by several other people chuckling in the background – so she definitly wasn't alone with just ONE threat.

"What do you want with me? And could you at least remove that thing from my face so I can see who I'm talking to?" Maybe it wasn't smart to be so brash with her kidnappers, but her situation couldn't get any worse, now could it? If they wanted her DEAD, they would've killed her by now...just like the day before, with the guards...

"Ohh...think you can give ME orders? You're quite brave...but oh well, I guess there is no harm in removing your blindfold..."

And indeed she could now feel a hand at the back of her head, fumbling around her hair for a few seconds the cloth was taken from her eyes...and the first thing she saw was the face of the stranger right in front of hers.

The hair was black and greasy, his skin tanned and with a large scar all across the face. But even more intimidating were those cold, blue eyes staring right into hers.

"Now, is THAT better?" He laughed and the smell from his mouth was almost even worse than whatever they used to knock her out.

The stranger movd back a little, allowing her to look around for a few moments.

Just as she expected, she was inside a room and indeed chained to the wall. Only a few torches offered any light, as well as a small candle on a table at the opposite wall..with two more people sitting around it, staring at her as well.

"Oh yea...feel free to look around! This will be your home for quite a while, so make yourself comfortable, nymph girl!"

Tera focused back on the black-haired man in front of her, who seemed to be the leader of the group, as no one else dared to say a thing.

"Why have you captured me? What do you want? I don't have any of this...money stuff...you humans want so badly!"

Another dark laugh followed her question – her kidnapper seemed to have an odd sense of humor.

"Oh don't worry about that – we know your...species...has no use for money! But appearantly you have no idea how valuable YOU are as a person! Why do you think the town militia captured you in the first place? ...Ha, surprised where I know that from? Just let me tell you, KNOWING things is my business! Isn't that right, Ian? You may come in now, say hello to our guest..."

When she heard the Ians name, her heart almost stopped for a second. It couldn't be....could it? No, just no...

But just at this moment, a door at the side of the room opened and in stepped no one else than...him!

"You...."

Ian looked back at her and smirked a little; "Why hello there, Tera...when you ran away I feared for the worst at first...but when I realized which direction you chose to flee...you just made things even easier for us! You would've ended here even if you stayed with me, so don't blame yourself...this fate has been inevitable ever since we entered Montera!"

It was like something inside her shattered – not like she felt any sort of bounds towards Ian in the first place. But...the ability to trust just died inside her. The first time she decided to show a human a faint bit of confidence...and...this was the result?

Her parents were right! They had been right the entire time: humans were not to be trusted! Never! Why couldn't she have listened to their advice?

"Seems like you're not too happy to see good old Ian again, huh? Oh, but don't cry...he won't hang out around here too much...he has FAR more important things to do, isn't that right?"

The young man stopped smiling at Tera and put on a much more worried face as he talked to his leader.

"Yes boss! I will carry on with my mission right away!"

Ian turned around and attempted to leave the room but was stopped by one of the henchman who had been sitting around the table for now.

"I'm afraid you caused some problems on your last mission as well, Ian! You may have brought our new guest here, but I also heard the towns militia kicked you out...this is a serious damper to your usefullness to us...but since you've been a good dog so far, I'm willing to overlook this failure...for ONCE! But you better not disappoint me again! And if you want to live, you better get me a new man to infiltrate the militia! Got that?"

Ian was obviously very uncomfortable at this point: "Yes boss! I won't disappoint you!"

After he left, his leader turned back towards Tera again:

"As you can see, I have my eyes everywhere...so even if by some incredible miracle you ever manage to escape this room – you'll never escape the city! And as long you're inside Montera, I WILL find you! I would even find you if you were an ordinary human! But you make it even easier...blue skin? No clothes? Absolutly no knowledge about human behavior? Heck, maybe I even let you escape on purpose, just to capture you again, whenever I feel like it! There is no way you can hide...not in MY city!"

Despite the threatening appearence, this guy was slowly getting on her nerves! So he thought he was almight? All-knowing? Too bad she was chained to this wall, or else...

"Now, back to where we stopped: I wan't something from you! Something only a nymph can make..."

Suddenly it started to dawn on Tera: "You want...my pee?"

Her kidnapper showed a satisfied nod – "Smart girl...yes, the urine of nymphes has incredible healing properties. It is almost legendary. And you saw it yourself, didn't you? How many people in this city are sick? With your piss, I make a fortune selling it as medicine...and you don't even have to do much to help me. Just do what is part of nature anyway! You do like nature, right?"

Disgusting! While it was true that her...waters...held special powers – under no circumstances she would just allow such an evil man to exploit her for his evil deeds!

"I won't pee for you, forget it! You won't get a single drip out of me..."

*017*2016-04-02 05:12

Tera couldn't tell how much time passed by now. Without any daylight or other indicators from the outside, she lost her sense of time completly. Probably it hadn't even been that long and being chained to a wall, unable to move a muscle and with no way to distract herself, only made time run by much, much slower.

What a dilemma – no matter how hard she tried to come up with an idea, there was just no way to escape.

She tried to break free from the chains, but they were suprisingly strong and even her superior strength hadn't been enough to even crack them. Now she was also exhausted – and thirsty.

"You do know no one is falling for it, right?" Tera twitched a little as she heard the bandits voice right next to her – when did this guy cross the room? Hasn't he been sitting there at the table with his colleague just moments ago?

Slowly she turned her head and gave the man to her left an angry look: "What do you mean?"

"Your obvious attempts to hide your thirst, lady...you can't fool us! We can see how uncomfortable you are, why don't you just give up and enjoy a large cup of fresh water? The boss made sure we got everything you need, he purchased several kegs full of liquid goodness just for you...so, why don't you drop this act and have a drink? It's pointless to resist – we have all day...but from what I heard about you nymphes, you dehydrate pretty quickly...and we don't want you to suffer. We are nice guy....right, Rick?"

The other bandit at the table raised his head and laughed – "Oh yes, definitly...we're always ready to pleasure our guest in EVERY way...just because we had to chain you up doesn't mean you can't have a good time here..."

A cold shudder went down Teras spine – she didn't like Rick, not at all!

Well, obviously she didn't like ANY of her kidnappers, but especially him made her feel uncomfortable....the way he kept staring at her from time to time, it didn't feel good at all.

He was doing it again right now – his eyes pointed right at her! Hungry...almost obsessed.

Tera sighed and avoided his glare by staring down at the ground again.

There it was...the bucket, still right between her legs. And still empty, of course. Thankfully she didn't had to pee anyway, so that saved her the trouble of holding it in...

The problem was more in the opposite direction – the thirst was slowly becoming worse and worse.

Her skin already felt dry and scratchy, a condition which became way too familiar over the past two days.

For now, she could still deal with the itch all over her body...but it wouldn't take long and the desire to scratch herself would become unbearable and drive her crazy over time.

And as much she hated to admit it, deep down she knew her kindappers were right – they had time on their side, while Teras only options were either to give in OR suffer a slow, gruesome death...

Not really a great choice.

"So? How is it? Are you willing to cooperate or do wanna suffer for a few more hours?"

The voice next to her had an impatient undertone, her kidnapper appearantly didn't like sitting around waiting for her to give in...

"You can forget it! I don't wanna drink anything...you can tell your boss he can bury his dream of selling my urine as medicine along with my dead, dried-up body!!"

Of course these were just shallow words. Tera knew she most likely wouldn't have the willpower to go through with her "threat" to willingly die from thirst.

And appearantly her kidnappers knew that as well:

"Strong words...but pointless. You can't fool me, I can see how badly you wish to quench your thirst. Believe me, breaking peoples will is my job...and I can tell you don't have the guts to go through with it, girl!"

"S-shut up!" she growled, trying to sound confident and determined – but her growing doubts were now also hearable in her voice.

And her agitation also made the itching worse, especially down there, right between her legs...her most sensitive spot was burning – and not in a pleasant way.

Instinctively she tried to reach down and rub it off – only to be reminded of her chains.

"F-fuck! Can't you just untie one of my arms for a minute? I really ne-" Tera stopped in the last moment, not keen to tell her "guards" about her problem.

This was pure torture! Without any way to stimulate herself, the burning itch now reached the point of driving her completly crazy. And she couldn't rub her legs together either! What should she do? Maybe she should agree to the deal she had been offered? But no – she couldn't let this happen...it would only delay the inevitable. She would get rid of her thrist, but soon she would have to pee just as badly. And sooner or later whe was going to leak, whether she wanted to or not! And these disgusting humans would've won!

"I can't let this happen, I must stay strong even if it costs me my sanity!" said a voice in her head.

"But I can still buy some time if I drink now...it takes a while till I have to pee, maybe I can come up with an escape plan..." argued another voice.

"And what if I don't? Then I'll just end up peeing in this bucket and giving these outlaws what they wanted!"

"I have to try! There is no other way. The chances of coming up with a good plan in my current condition are zero! I'll have at least a little chance if I get my strength back..."

"I'm just going to play right into their hands! If I have any sort of honor, I must be willing to die for the right thing!"

"What right thing? This is just stupid! Do I really wanna give up my life here and now? I don't! I DON´T!!!"

And with that, her decision was made. Tera slowly turned her head to the bandit next to her, still avoiding Ricks greedy eyes: "Fine! You win! Now get me something to drink!"

"Aaah, finally giving in? Gooooood girl! I knew you would come to your senses sooner or later. You could've just done this right from the sta-"

Teras murderous glare managed to shut her kidnapper up. There was only so much she could take – they better not dare to make fun of her now.

"Just get me something to drink before I change my mind again!" she hissed, still not fully convinced whether she was making the right choice. But the thought of losing her sanity due to the effects of dehydration was just too scary. Maybe it was a mistake to give in, but whatever!

Tera watched as the two men left the room, leaving her completly alone for a few minutes – but she could still hear their voices from far away – just how big was that hideout? If only she could use this opportunity to escape or at least explore the complex and locate the exit. But with these chains, there was nothing she could do.

Or maybe she should use this chance to try and break these chains again?

Just as quickly that thought entered her head, she also discarded it: her attempts had been unsuccessful before...and now she was weakened even more from the intense thirst. There was no way she could break her shackles in her current condition! She could only wait...

Finally, after what seemed an like a small eternity, she could hear the mens voices becoming louder and closer again, appearantly argueing about something, altough Tera couldn't make out the exact words. Their steps were accompanied by a dull and heavy noice, as if her kidnappers were pushing something very large.

Only moments later the young nymph could see that her speculation had been correct: Rick and the other guy, whose name she didn't knew, re-entered the room, rolling a large barrel towards her.

"I swear, if you step on my foot again, I will personally shove one of these torches up your ass!"

Rick gave the barrel one last push, before turning to his comrade: "You think you can threaten ME? Maybe if you could roll this thing in a straight line without crashing it into the wall every few steps, I wouldn't have to adjust the direction all the time!"

Tera watched the whole scene for a few moments, wondering whether she should let the situation escalate or not. But while it would certainly be fun to see her "wardens" beat each other to death, this still wouldn't grant her neither freedom nor water. However, she decided to keep the mutual dislike of the two men in mind, sure could come in handy later...

"Sorry to interrupt you two, but I'm still thirsty here! Could you fight later and get that barrel closer to me first so I can drink...?"

That raised one more question – how exactly was she supposed to drink anyway? She was still unable to move a muscle, so there was no way she could hold a cup or even lower her head far enough to drink from the barrel itself...

Just at this moment she heard a metallic clicking noise, followed by clanking noise as the shackles on her right arm fell off.

Before she could even react, the bandits stern voice interrupted her:

"Now listen – we released your right arm just for one reason – so you can use a cup to drink. If you try and do anything funny, anything besides drinking from this barrel, Rick put a bolt through your head. So don't even think about doing something stupid, got it?"

Tera turned her head around, seeing Rick aiming a crossbow right at her, still showing his disturbing, creepy grin.

"Damn right I will! And after piercing your head, I will place a few more bolts all over your corpse! Especially-"

However, before Rick could reveal where else he was planning to abuse her dead body, his comrade stepped back in:

"We really don't need that kind of information, Rick! I'm sure nymph girl is smart and understood our message, right? Right??"

Tera just nodded, knowing there wasn't anything she could do. Once again, she had to play along...

"Good...now, I guess that's all then...have fun."

The man handed her a really large, wooden cup before removing the lid from the barrel and pushing it a few centimetres closer to her, so Tera could easily reach it.

Tera stared down on the open barrel for a few moments – she could just fill the cup now and drink the wonderful, cool water. It would soothe her irritated skin and give replenish her energy. And yet, part of her still considered it as weak, giving in to these evil men.

Her hand was shaking as she finally dipped her cup into the water, causing some of the liquid to spill over her hand, running down her burning arm...

“Mmmhh...” she moaned, even just these few drops caused her brain to send waves of pleasure through her body.

The last bit of her hesitation finally crumbled down under that impression, the young nymph quickly raised the cup to her lips, pouring the water down her throat in one, large gulp!

She barely managed to notice the waters strange taste as she already filled the cup again, moving it back up to her lips, drinking it in one go just like the first time.

Again there was this odd taste...it wasn't disgusting or unpleasant or anything. In fact, it tasted really good – unlike any water she tried before.

And it made her mouth cry out for more, MUCH more...

The third cup went down her throat, this time a little slower – not because her thirst had already been quenched but to enjoy more of that unusual, delicious taste.

It was hard to describe – a little sour but also bitter. And every sip left a refreshing tingling feeling in her mouth.

What kind of water was this? Or was it even water? Wouldn't it be better NOT to drink that unknown liquid if she wasn't even sure?

Fourth cup...yes, she should definitly stop! Or should she? Even if it wasn't water, surely it wouldn't be anything bad, right? These bandits needed her alive for their plan, so there was no point in serving her poison. Yes, she was definitly worrying too much!

Soon the fifth cup poured down her still-dry throat, while the burning itch finally started to fade away...slowly.

It still wasn't enough! She was still thirsty, longing for more. And more! And more!

“Aahhhh...” she sighed after emptying the cup for the...well...ninth time? Tenth maybe?

She decided to stop counting and just keep going until her body just couldn't take any more. Such a refreshing drink...somehow it made her feel really good. Not just because the uncomfortable effects of dehydration were finally gone, that mysterious “water” also brightened her mood, making her almost euphoric.

She looked over to Rick to her right, who was still aiming the crossbow right at her head. But there was something new in his eyes: surprise! Or maybe it was even some sort of shock? He probably didn't expect her to drink that much. At least he wasn't giving her this creepy, perverted grin now...

And what about the other one...? Tera turned her head to the left, where the other one was standing.

He too had a confused expression on his face.

“Whats wrong? Do you have any idea how thirsty I am? Don't even think about taking that barrel away before I'm finished!” she growled, continuously drinking cup after cup.

By now she already had to reach much deeper into the depth of the barrel to still reach the surface and fill her cup again. This was becoming tedious and annoying! Wasn't there an easier way?

“Hey, instead of just standing around like idiots, how about you help me? Can you grab that thing and lift it up so I can drink right from the barrel? Or even better – untie my other arm as well so I can do it myself! How about it? I promise I won't try anything funny...”

No answer. Tera looked up from the barrel, wondering about the sudden silence. Her surprise was even bigger as she found herself completely alone in the room.

Both thugs were gone – even Rick, who left his crossbow leaning against the wall. As she looked around the room, the girl noticed the wide-open and faint voices from behind.

How could she not notice these two leaving the room? Usuall her senses were pretty sharp...had she really been that distracted? Or maybe her kidnappers just tried to be really sneaky and not to alert her – in which case they did a good job.

But what could they be up to...? Tera frowned and looked back into the barrel – and how was she supposed to drink now? It would be a real inconvenience if she had to wait now...

Fortunaly it didn't took too long before she could hear footsteps approaching from the other beyond the door again.

However, it was only Rick who entered the room, closing the door behind him. Tera gave him a suspicious glare – something was very wrong...

“Hey, what happened to that other guy? And where did you two go anyway?”

Now it was Rick who stared at her – with a large grin on his face:

“Ohhh...don't worry about him. I just made sure he won't bother us while we're having fun...”

Tera felt a shiver washing down her spine. She didn't knew what kind of “fun” Rick was looking for, altough she had a strong hunch...but she had absolutly no desire to find out the truth.

“You better stay away from me if you don't want to get hurt...” she growled, clenching her fist.

Hopefully this would work as a threat – after all, even with one arm free, it was still a far from ideal fighting position.

Yes, she could easily knock this guy out...but only IF she managed to hit him...

...and unfortunaly, Rick seemed to realize that as well...

“Cute...but you can't scare me! Besides, I don't wanna harm you...like I said, all I want is some fun, so why don't you just relax and let it happen?”

No way! Under no circumstances she would let this disgusting man lay a hand on her! Tera watched how Rick stepped closer to her, still wearing that creepy grin like a mask.

Immediately she raised her fist tried to punch his face, but Rick just moved his head back a little, avoiding it.

“What a stubborn girl you are! Maybe I should make myself more clear: if you won't play along, I'll place a few bolts all over your body. Don't forget I still have the crossbow right here! And believe me, this will hurt a LOT! So, will you be nice now?”

She gave him the most disgusted and hate-filled glare she had, while weighing her options...if only she could land one good punch at him – there was no way Rick would be able to stand after that. But if he dodged it again, she would get pierced by steel bolts...

What should she do?

By now she could feel Ricks hot breath against her skin, his face was right next to her left ear, while his hand started touching her abdomen before it quickly went deeper down.

Never before a simple touch felt so completely awful to her. Never before she felt so helpless...

“Stop it...” Tera whispered, clenching her teeth together. Ricks breath made her want to puke...

“Stop....it!” She repeated, a little louder this time. But it didn't seem to bother the bandit, who was now firmly rubbing his finger against her lower lips.

“I said.....STOP IT!!!!” A sudden surge of heat and anger took over her body, causing all her muscles tighten. With all her might she struggled against her chains, the pain of the metal cuffs cutting into her skin only made her rage burn even brighter.

And suddenly she heard a lout crack as the chain on her left arm snapped in two, soon followed by the chain on her left and finally her right leg. She was free!

And before Rick could react, she placed a fully charged punch, right into his face, sending him flying backwards, half across the room with blood spilling from his broken nose and mouth. Judging from the cracking noise, she shattered his jaw as well...there were also a few teeth scattered across the floor.

“How do you like that, asshole?” She growled, breathing heavily from the exertion. Her left wrist and both ankles were burning like fire and somehow she was feeling a little dizzy.

But it was still enough to walk up to the unconscious man and deliver a devestating kick into his side, resulting in a few more cracks – probably from his ribs.

Only now her anger finally started to cool off, unlike the burning pain she still felt on her limbs.

“Ughh...” Unfortunaly, the dizziness also became much worse now, her head was spinning and caused her to stagger forward uncontrollably before she finally couldn't stand on her feet anymore and slowly collapsed on the floor while everything turned dark...

*019*2016-04-02 16:50

{{: 

That was Awsome it's to bad Tara passed out before she could escape though keep up the amazing work

}}

Yea, I dont want her to escape just yet^^

After all, the story is called "Prisoner" and that means poor Tera needs to be locked away some more.

But I will let her escape soon...hopefully she learned not to trust humans once and for all by now...

