My Girlfriend the Heroine - Page 2

Author: Infernal

*025*2013-05-09 07:15

Sorry for the long wait. I have finally finished the next chapter! Huzzah and all that.

This story contains mostly female desperation and some wetting. Be warned: the second half of the story contains a fair bit of sexual content, so if you're the kind of person who is squeamish about that... you've been forewarned.

###

I was in no hurry as I pulled out of the parking space at the supermarket, and nonchalantly waited to turn back onto the road, being rather careful to ensure there was no chance of being surprised by oncoming traffic. In fact, I felt rather good now that I had soaked my shorts and relieved the pressure on my bladder, and not even the damp, clammy feeling of rapidly cooling piss that soaked my clothing could outweigh the immense pleasure I got from seeing my girlfriend's bladder betray her. It was amazing to watch her legs grind against one another, shoes kicked off so she could curl her feet in vain agony, hands jammed in between her legs and body bowed over. Unlike myself, who tended to suffer in an obvious and squirming manner, my girlfriend tended to become more and more unresponsive when she had to go pee, focusing every last bit of her iron will on containing the contents of her bladder. That suited me just fine, as I came to a stop at the traffic light.

"Go faster!" she hissed desperately from between clenched teeth without looking up. She shifted position slightly, arching her back and leaning backwards, suddenly yanking on the lever to send the seat into as near a horizontal position as it could manage. Of course, car seats don't go all the way back, and even if it did there's that gap between the seat and the back which more or less coincides with the lower back. When she arched her spine so much that the top of her head was pressed into the car seat, I got an amazing view of her breasts pressing against her shirt, so much so that I nearly forgot to start moving again when the light changed.

"We've still got to stop for red lights, babe. It wouldn't be very smart to run a red light or be caught speeding and then have to explain to an officer why. 'Sorry, officer, but my girlfriend is going to piss herself if we don't get home soon.' I doubt they'd buy that, and it would just take us longer - and you don't want to lose control with someone watching, do you?" Her only response was another desperate hiss as I kept the speedometer needle exactly at the speed limit. Since she wasn't responding and I did have to keep my eyes on the road enough to drive, I instead started letting my mind wander to the next step. This sudden onslaught of desperation was a godsend, making it easier to argue that her normally-strong bladder must be stressed and that she needed to go and see someone. I'd bring that up at home after she'd peed, though. It would probably seem a bit douchey to do it right now.

Still, I couldn't help but be impressed by her resilience. I had failed my test, so to speak, bladder bursting before we had finished our shopping trip. This was more or less to be expected, though, and even though I was having my 'revenge' with the slow drive back home while she tried to stay perfectly still in the passenger's seat (mostly failing, given the twitches and tensing I could see in her lower body) the real victory was that she was having bladder trouble at all. Come to think of it, I had no idea what a 'doctor's appointment' would even do, but I had been told to get her to one, so I would. Without even thinking about it I was muttering encouragement to her: "Come on, babe. It's just a few more minutes away. You've got this." And hold she did, clamping her hands even harder into the crotch of her shorts, squeezing like she was trying to wring water from a rock.

Since I had already peed, when we made it back she simply threw the car door open and ran awkwardly around her clamped hands while I went to deal with the groceries. It was fortunate the door was still awaiting repairs or we might have suffered a second broken bathroom door in as many days. Without thinking I took the grocery bags into the kitchen and more or less dropped them in place while I went to go and check on my girlfriend. I heard her groaning with relief as she emptied her piss into the toilet bowl, and rapped lightly on the wall to get her attention: "You doing all right?"

A sigh came back. "Yeah, it's just... fuck. What the hell is wrong with me? wetting the bed and now nearly wetting in public. I'm an adult, goddammit." This was her usual line of self-criticism when her bladder failed her, which I had learned was almost never.

"Look, babe, why don't you let me set up an appointment with a doc? I know someone you could go and see, and it's not like you're going to be busy tomorrow, right? I'm sure she'll tell you it's just stress and you've gotta relax and maybe lay off the drinking a few days to give your bladder some time to relax, but it'll probably make you feel better to hear it from someone professional, right?" I waited, heart thumping, to see if she'd go for it. One of the interesting things about my girlfriend is, for as clever and intelligent as she can be, she's also shockingly gullible if you know how to go about it. I was rewarded with a nod and a muttered "all right" by way of response, so I left her there to finish up in the bathroom and started unpacking, my hands trembling with so much excitement now that I fumbled a few things and dropped the bottle of coke onto the counter, making me wince. I'd have to tell her not to open it for a while.

Then I went to my phone and dialed the number I'd been instructed to. The fact that there was more than met the eye here was confirmed as soon as someone else picked up on the other end, as it seemed like my call had been expected, but I was absorbed in the details and failed to notice my girlfriend come in and open the fridge, going right for the bottle of soda. "Shit!" she burst out, loud enough to be heard on the other end of the line, and I turned to see that it had exploded, a good third of the bottle foaming out over the top and into the sink, which she had thankfully had the lightning reflexes to toss the bottle into. "God dammit! Today fucking sucks. I'm going to go and watch TV for the rest of the day and drink soda." She glanced at the bottle and frowned. "And your diet crap too. Fuck me."

I couldn't hear the smile on the other end of the line.

###

"I can hold it," she said, placing just enough emphasis on those last two words to convey her frustration.

Today must have been the day my number got called, because even the relaxing nature of doing nothing but watching TV and playing video games all day hadn't done anything to calm my girlfriend's suddenly overactive bladder. "Don't push yourself," I tried to cajole her. "The doctor said you need to be full tomorrow and you can't use the bathroom after ten tonight, so if you stress your bladder it's just going to be that much worse on you tomorrow." I could guess the reasoning for the need for a full bladder, something that had kept me enjoyably hard for most of the night. My girlfriend's stubbornness had been a treat today, as she desperately tried not to acknowledge how badly her bladder was pulsing and throbbing, leading to lovely scenes of her sitting on her heel at the computer chair and almost shaking with desperation while refusing to stop playing, or barely able to watch TV because she had both of her hands between her legs and her head bowed.

Moreover, after the second such episode of desperation she had taken a little longer than usual in the bathroom for whatever reason, and immediately thereafter jumped on me with an almost ferocious desire. "Maybe sex will fix whatever's wrong with my bladder," she had said, pulling at my shorts and giving me a knowing smirk at discovering I was already rock-hard. We had gone at it for a little while, and after we were done and had been pressed together on the couch, lethargically unable to move for a few minutes, she'd gone to pour herself another drink.

I'd already told her a few times that maybe her Coke guzzling was responsible for her need to pee, to which she replied each time that she'd been pounding away Coke like this for as long as she could remember and never had trouble with it. Then had followed a sudden tickle punishment for dropping her Coke and wasting a third of it before she'd even begun to drink. By the time evening had rolled around, she was back to the 'diet crap' and making pointed remarks about it every other minute or so.

"So I'll hold it until ten," she said stubbornly, glancing at the clock to confirm that there were indeed only forty-five minutes left until then. I kept an eye on the time as well. Knowing my super girlfriend as I did, I realized that today's frequent bouts of peeing and holding would have left her weak, and that opened up opportunities which usually were not available. I'd have to make it count, though, and I was content to wait and let her desperation grow as the minutes ticked by.

I think she must have caught me glancing at the clock thoughtfully, because despite her need to void her bladder she smirked and teased me; "Yeah, I bet you like that, huh? Another forty-five minutes of me squirming around like a little bitch. Maybe I shouldn't go to the doctor after all and just let you prescribe some bladder punishment for me. That'll teach my bladder to misbehave like this." Since she was already looking at me, I'm almost certain she saw the subtle shift in the bulge in my shorts as my cock tried to grow even harder and stiffer.

"I almost never get to see this," I said by way of explanation, not even bothering to deny that I liked it when she had to pee. "You've got a super bladder of steel and usually I see you 'deciding' to use the bathroom after holding it for a day and a half or so. I don't get the enjoyment of watching you hop around like some chick at a bar who's had too much to drink and is too wasted to get herself to the toilet in time. So if it's the only day I get to see you like this, I'm sure as hell going to enjoy it."

"You sick fuck." She grinned at me, and I grinned back, and then she put on a little bit more of a show of needing to piss. "Your sick perversion is rubbing off on me, too. Being this desperate has made me fucking horny. The only thing that's stopping me from jumping your bones again is that I don't think I'll be able to hold it if I do."

"I don't mind," I said with a waggle of my eyebrows. She laughed, then gasped and clamped down on her pussy again with her hand.

"Yeah, but where would we do it? I don't mind wetting on your cock, but making a mess of the bed or the couch or the carpets means it would be a bitch to clean." I had actually already thought about this before, and so I had an answer ready:

"Let's go take a shower, then." While this was not where my plan had originally been going to go, I was more than willing to make some adjustments. "Why don't you finish up that glass and make it your last drink for the night, then I'll bang the pee out of you?" God I was getting so hard. It was that kind of hardness where your hard cock just starts to rub against the material of your shorts and keeps you hard because even that feels good. My girlfriend shot me a look.

"Yes, Master," she said with a smirk, and chugged the rest of her drink, which inevitably resulted in a belch, but we both laughed and made our way to the bathroom, with its still-destroyed door propped on the wall beside it. Clothing was stripped and tossed in the dirty clothes basket, and as I poked into the shower to start adjusting the water temperature I could hear her feet pattering slightly on the floor as the running water rekindled her need to pee. "Shit. Fuck that makes me need to go. You sick bastard, wanting me to piss myself." Glancing behind as I ran my hand through the water, I could see how her breasts bounced now as she squeezed her pussy directly, legs bent as she danced back and forth on her toes and then squatted. "Hurry the fuck up already. I'm going to piss on the floor in a minute." While teasing her by taking even longer was definitely a tempting notion, I didn't want her actually wetting on the floor.

I slid the shower curtain aside and let her wiggle in, then followed behind her and closed it, immediately pressing up against her back and murmuring in her ear as the warm water started to flow down over both our bodies. My stiff shaft pressed up against the small of her back, and she moaned appreciatively and rubbed up against me while I took hold of her large breasts and gently fondled them. "Come on, stop holding yourself with your hands," I coaxed her gently. "It doesn't matter if you pee yourself now. Just hold with your legs and muscles." It took a moment, but her hands unclenched from her crotch and settled at her sides, then slid back to rub up and down my thigh firmly. The pressure of her rubbing spoke of how badly she needed to go, but she was quite responsive to my touches and started to grope around for my length.

"I'm going to pee so soon," she muttered in reply, teeth gritted and jaw clenched. "Come on. Don't make me wait." Finding what she was looking for, my girlfriend guided me between her legs from behind, and then leaned forward to brace herself against the shower wall, leaving the stream of water splashing down over her back as I entered. I could feel how tightly she was clenched around me, and as I slid forward I heard her gasp slightly, going up on her toes. "Fuck, my bladder. Oh god. It feels so fucking good. I don't know whether to cum or piss. Shit. Come on, move. Move, dammit - FUCK!!"

Her outburst came for one simple reason; as I thrust into her, I reached around to her front and suddenly pressed in on her bladder, abusing it from both sides and making her wet hair flop about as she tossed her head. A low but steady stream of invective came from her as I slowly thrust into her, kneading her rock-hard bladder with my fingertips, trying to more or less squeeze her piss out. But there was a more effective way, something I would never get away with if she'd been in possession of her full strength and normal bladder. As I picked up the pace, thrusting into her and clenching my own muscles to keep from climaxing too soon, my fingers went from squeezing to tickling along her sides and ribs.

I can't imagine that it's very easy to maneuver when you've literally got something inside of you. My girlfriend's position on her toes and with me inside of her made her quite helpless and despite her shrieks of laughter she couldn't really wiggle away in any effective sense. It didn't take long, either, when I tormented her in this way - I could suddenly feel something even warmer starting to flow over my shaft and spatter on the floor of the tub, and given the way she was moaning and screaming and gasping I figured that my girlfriend was either peeing or cumming. Well, she was almost certainly peeing and possibly cumming, or maybe just the pee relief was so good that it felt like an orgasm.

Sometimes, when you've got to go really really bad, a piss feels better than sex when you get to let it out. For her this was probably one of those times, and I slowed down, partly to keep myself from letting go but also partly to hit each stroke deeper and harder, pounding the piss out of my girlfriend's bladder.

I could tell when she was done because of how much her posture relaxed, but just as I was about to speed up again she wriggled free of me, turned around, and kissed me, while grabbing my cock rather firmly. "Sick fuck," she whispered in my ear again. "You've had enough fun for tonight. If I let you cum again you might start losing discipline." While her grip wasn't as strong as it otherwise would have been, I knew better than to push my luck. "Now come on. Let's get cleaned up and relax before bed. You're probably going to get to see me suffer again tomorrow, so try not to enjoy it too much."

Tomorrow. I had no idea what was going to happen, but I had a feeling it was going to be excellent.

