Past and Present

Author: Jimmy Lang

*000*2013-03-18 16:33

Hey gang, here is my second story. I hope you understand the flashback changes. It's mostly true. If you have a trustworthy partner, tell him or her about your fetish!

“Tell me a story,” John said.

He had recently come out to his girlfriend Laura about his omorashi fetish. To her surprise, Laura had found that she shared in it – or at least, she found aspects to like. She loved how much it turned John on, and sometimes, like now, she found that having a full bladder added an urgency and a delightful new sensation to sex.

John was on top of her, thrusting into her gently. Laura needed to pee badly, but the weight of her full bladder, combined with John’s bulk inside of her, created an amazing sensation in her vagina.

“Mmm, Ok,” she said, fluttering her green eyes, her bangs falling across her forehead. “One time in college I was riding home from vacation with my family and I had to pee really bad in the car.”

John made a low sound. He approved. Laura kept going.

“We had lunch before we left and for some reason I drank a lot of water in the restaurant. Then we were driving and all of a sudden I had to pee, and it – MMM!”

Laura remembered it all: the pain, the rising panic that matched the swelling in her bladder as mile after mile rolled by with no hope of relief forthcoming. She remembered desperately bouncing her legs around and the cold fear that she would flood her panties right in front of her family.

“mmm, I can’t!” she exclaimed, shutting her eyes tight. Just thinking about this experience made her current bladder situation almost unbearable.

“Please. Try,” John said. Laura continued.

“Right when we crossed the state line, all of a sudden I had to pee really, really bad. It kept getting worse and worse until I felt like I was gonna’ explode and flood my panties…”

Laura remembered the pressure that seemed to increase exponentially by the minute. There were no rest areas between here and home, her father said.

“I had to keep moving my legs around to stop it from coming out.”

Laura bounced her legs, squeezed and scissored her thighs for what felt like an eternity. Her skirt began to ride up her thighs. She could acutely feel her little black panties bunched against her aching, straining vagina.

She was tortured by all the usual fantasies suffered by a woman stuck in traffic with a full bladder: a rest area, a port-a-potty, being alone in a field even, being able to collapse onto a toilet and just PEE. If she were driving by herself or with friends, she would have pulled over and frantically dragged her panties down for an emergency pee on the roadside.

“Laura, stop acting like a little girl,” her mother scolded.

“I’m sorry, I just really have to go,” she replied.

Underneath John, in the present, Laura remembered the embarrassment she felt.

And then she confessed in a low voice, a little ashamed: “I had to put my hand under my butt to help keep it in.”

Laura HAD to hold herself to keep her flood from pouring out, but she didn’t dare do it in front of her family. She had to be discreet. She lifted her butt just slightly and sat on her hand, advancing her fingers past her crack and the roundness of her cheeks to find her pee hole. The whole area felt unusually hot and damp with sweat.

Laura ground her fingers into her pussy as hard as she could and crushed her thighs together. She could feel muscles starting to spasm in her legs.

“And then I…I…”

Laura remembered the burning sensation from deep inside her pelvis. It rose and rose while she sucked hard on her lip and screwed her eyes shut tight. The stinging sensation seemed to travel downward and down the length of her urethra. Suddenly her fingers felt wet.

“I leaked a little,” she said to John softly. He gasped as his penis quivered.

‘NO NO NO NO!’ Laura thought then, trapped in the car and about to flood the seat. The family car pulled into her neighborhood.

There were no more cogent thoughts now, just a fierce struggle to overcome her body’s urges. Her body was about to win.

‘Dad, please hurry,’ she said. She used her free hand to undo her seatbelt, ready to bolt into the house in a desperate race to reach the toilet in time. It was going to be a photo finish.

The car pulled into the garage and Laura opened her car door before it was even fully stopped. She was mortified that her family was witnessing this, but there was nothing she could do. The alternative would be worse.

Laura hobbled around the car to the door leading into the house, half bent over and taking tiny steps. She could barely keep her eyes open because she wanted to keep them shut tight, scrunched up in agony like the rest of her reddened, sweaty face.

Her mother unlocked the house door as Laura bounced up and down in embarrassment and despair. She was positive she was going to pour her bladder out onto the garage floor right there.

Laura collapsed against the door as it opened, beelining for the first floor bathroom as her mother turned off the burglar alarm. Its blare was like a soundtrack, a tangible, real-world sound to match her body’s own screaming alarms.

Laura was tugging her skirt up as she ran into the bathroom. Her firm, round butt cheeks and the little wet spot on her panties would have been visible to anyone looking. She kicked the door closed behind her. She was snorting through her nose throughout her run, and this turned into a whimper when she saw the toilet. There were tears in her eyes.

“I lifted up my skirt and pulled my panties down, and it just POURED out of me,” Laura purred. “It felt SOOO GOOOD that I moaned.”

Laura felt a stinging heat in her crotch as her bladder emptied with a vengeance. Her feet tapped on the floor. She had barely made it.

“I peed and I peed and I peed,” Laura said to John dreamily. She stopped thrusting her hips and lay still. “…and I peeed… and I peed and I peeeed.” Her eyes were closed as she remembered the surging relief. Her butt began to grind into the mattress. John could have sworn he felt a quick spurt of warm wetness against his leg. Laura gasped.

“Oh my gosh!” she exclaimed. Her eyes were wide as if in shock. “I can’t hold it! I’m gonna’ pee my pants!”

Thinking about her past relief had been too much. Now Laura’s bladder was about to explode.

“You’re not wearing pants,” John said teasingly.

“Well then I’m about to pee all over you,” Laura cried. “Please let me go, PLEASE!”

It was too much for John. As he lay on top of her, he felt his member spasm in ecstasy as he came. For all her bladder agony, Laura was pleased to see her lover happy, pleased to have this effect on him, but soon all she could think about was getting to a toilet and avoiding a mess.

John pulled out of her and as soon as he did, Laura grabbed her naked crotch with both hands. She rolled forward at the waist, bending almost double, kicking her legs and whining.

She used the momentum to carry herself into a standing position, but she stood only about two thirds of her full height. She continued to hold her crotch and stamped her feet, jiggling her naked breasts and buttocks.

Although none of John’s roommates were home, Laura insisted on wrapping herself in a towel for her run to the toilet. Once she was wrapped, Laura began to take small, delicate steps out of the bedroom and down the hall. Her arms were doubled across her abdomen, holding the towel up and providing a bit of a psychological relief from her punishing need.

Halfway down the hall that led to the little bathroom, Laura stopped, bent double and whimpered again. Another spurt had escaped and hit the towel.

“What’s wrong?” John asked, absolutely in heaven.

Laura stared fixedly at the ground. She was willing to do this for John but was still a little embarrassed. “Nothing,” she said, as she fought to get her body back under control.

It occurred to her that from here on out, there would be no control. She was about to pee. A lot. She began to run with stiff little shuffle steps toward her salvation.

“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god,” she intoned like a mantra, a chant to keep her dry as she closed the distance to the toilet.

John turned the bathroom light on for her and Laura dashed toward the toilet. She tore the towel from around her.

“Mmm, hold this,” she groaned, thrusting the towel toward John. He caught it in mid-air as Laura simply dropped it in a rush.

She collapsed onto the toilet, her naked butt making a soft, plump sound as it struck the porcelain. Her whole body sagged and relaxed as she sighed deeply, but no pee came.

“I thought you had to go?” John asked, teasingly.

“I DO but it takes a second to come out someti-AH!”

A sharp burst of pee shot out of Laura’s vagina and hissed into the bowl. Then another. Then she was peeing with great, splashing, splattering force.

She doubled over at first, groaning with delight, then sat up and spread her legs for John’s benefit. He saw Laura’s powerful white stream spraying fiercely out of from her closely shaved hair.

“Oh my GOD that feels so GOOD!” Laura said. She had meant to exaggerate for John’s benefit, but found that she was sincere. She was really enjoying this!

As the last drops trickled out of her, Laura felt a new sensation: an incredible heat and sexual energy between her legs. She could barely help herself; she plunged her right hand in between her slippery wet lips and began to rub.

The effect was immediate. She was really turned on by this! Laura lay back fully on the toilet, spreading her legs out and lolling her head back.

Her teeth were barred and her breath came out in short exhalations. Her left hand played with one hard nipple. John heard the sound of a single water drop falling into the toilet bowl. Laura’s pussy was soaking wet, but not from pee this time.

“mmm, MMM Ohhhh AHH!” Laura cried as her orgasm was upon her. Her cries echoed in the small space of the bathroom. Her hips rocked and her butt bounced on the toilet seat as she was overcome with pleasure. Her naked feet tapped against the cold tile of the bathroom floor.

And then came the familiar post-orgasmic bliss. Exhausted, she sagged on the toilet seat and sighed. She dried her vagina, deposited the paper, and flushed the toilet.

She turned her sweating and flushed face to John, her eyes shining with pleasure.

“OK, MAYBE there’s something to this,” she said.

