Friends with Pee Benefits

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-11-20 17:18

My relationship with Jasmine was an unusual one; we were both comfortable with sharing the most intimate parts of ourselves, but we weren't dating. I wouldn't consider us to be friends with benefits, either. I could tell her weird sexual things I've been thinking about and she could tell me the same. Occasionally, we would do things for each other to satisfy that sexual curiosity. That was about the extent of the unusualness of our friendship.

I'm not exactly sure exactly when it started, but at some point, casual sexual conversations led to the topic of fetishes. Not super weird. Not weird at all, actually. We were already really close, and I even had other friends that I talked about that stuff with, too. It was whatever. Jasmine brought up her classmate that had wet herself on a school trip.

"She kept talking about how bad she had to pee the whole bus ride there," she told me, "then she wouldn't use the bathrooms when we got there because she said they were dirty. They were pretty fucking nasty. I had never talked to this girl, but it she was making such a big deal out of it that everyone was aware of it. I stuck right next to her, cutting it up with her and asking her about, like, how bad she had to pee and shit. I was just really interested in it and I didn't know why, but after I got home, I was like... rubbing one out? And I just kept thinking about what she was doing to hold it in. She was squeezing her vagina and jumpimg around and shit. And when she started pissing herself, she spread her legs for some reason. Why would she do that? If I did that, I'd be trying to hide my pants from everyone. This bitch spread her legs and let everyone see what was happening."

She was hesitating to say something, telling me she was nervous about what she was about to say. I listened intently.

She said quickly, "I think I thought it was hot that she had to piss so bad? I don't know."

"You got a pee fetish?" I said.

"I don't know," she giggled. "I was just thinking about that."

We were sitting on my porch eating watermelon. "You know, watermelon makes me have to pee."

"Yeah?" she replied, smirking. Then she didn't touch a piece of watermelon again. She left the rest for me. By the time I was polishing it off, I could feel a small urge to pee. It only got stronger as time went on, and after a while I had to go pretty urgently. I was giving her constant updates about it.

"I gotta pee kinda bad," I told her.

"You're cute," she returned.

"I like sitting on my foot to help it."

She smiled at me. I really did have to pee. I couldn't quit fucking with the front of my leggings. It was uneasiness about my uncomfortable need, but sometimes I'd pull the whole front of my pants and underwear a couple inches away from my belly. It was a small but desirable relief to remove a bit of pressure from my busting bladder, which was so swollen with liquid that it was sticking out. I didn't have very strong urinary muscles and I wasn't used to holding in so much urine. I would have gone long before this point.

After a while, I found myself squirming and gyrating my hips to keep from peeing. "I gotta go really bad," I said.

"God damn, you're adorable."

"I think I'm 'bout to go," I mumbled.

"In your pants?"

"To the bathroom!"

"Just hold it in," she said casually.

I got up and started pacing around, every step making my full bladder pulse. I squeezed myself before crossing my legs and holding my butt, too. "I gotta gooo," I complained.

By the time I was sitting down again, I knew I was holding in too much urine. I was rocking back and forth with my fingers wedged between my heel and my crotch. My eyes were watering.

Spurt! "I gotta piss right fucking now, dude," I blurted, jerking my butt back. "It's gonna come out!"

"How long do you think you can hold it?"

"F-fuck!" I was cringing, squeezing my thighs together as tightly as I could muster. I couldn't answer her. I had to concentrate. Liquid waste was about to start pushing its way out of me. I couldn't keep from squirming for even a second, or else I'd pee. As soon as I could stand, I thought, I'd bolt to the bathroom. As soon as this particular wave of my screaming, overwhelming need to piss passes, I'll stand up and run, regardless of what Jasmine says.

But the wave didn't seem to be passing.

"Whoa, your bladder is sticking out a lot!" she said, touching her fingers to it.

"D-Don't push!" I whimpered.

"I wont!" she felt around my bulge as I struggled and squirmed, wincing with almost every exhale. Contrary to what she had said before, she applied a bit of pressure, pushing out a two-second leak. "Mm-mm!" I moaned, doubling over.

"Sorry!" she laughed. "It's really firm. There's a ton of piss in there."

The constant surge of pressure and discomfort was too much. "I'm at m-my limit, J-Jasmine," I choked.

"Are you gonna pee yourself?" she asked again.

"I can't do that!" I exclaimed, rubbing my pussy and fidgeting madly. At this point, my bladder was really hurting. I needed to piss so bad I couldn't stay still for even a second. "Is that... what you w-want me to do?"

"No, what?" she said almost defensively. "I mean... I thought it was cute when that girl did it, but I wouldn't ask you to do that, you know?"

My entire trembling body was sweating. I hesitated, before saying "I-I actually don't know if I c-can get to the b-bathroom anymore."

Jasmine looked at me worried and sympathic. A bit guilty, even. She picked up the container that held the watermelon, held it under my crotch and said "do it in here!"

I shook my head, squeezing my pussy and fidgeting around shakily. My bladder felt ready to explode, shockwaves of pain being sent through its overstretched material and copious liquid contents. I looked up at Jasmine, whose whole face was flushed red watching my display. I made my choice.

In the second that I stood up, a strong jet of piss shot out of me and soaked my underwear, the stream visibly coming through the front of my leggings. I spread my legs so she coild see as urine cascaded down my thighs and calves, collecting in a puddle at my feet and streaming down the patio. "H-holy fuck!" I moaned, my legs almost buckling from the relief. I felt Jasmine's cold fingers touch to my deflating bladder and push a bit, strengthening an already explosive stream.

"Damn," she said, "that's an insane amount of piss."

"I had to go so badly," I said, pulling my pussy up as the stream died out. My bladder still felt full, though.

"Let me get you something to change into," she went into her house. I was standing with my legs spread, pee still dripping from my soaked leggings. When she came back out, she said "you can change out here. Nobody's gonna see."

I pulled off my saturated leggings and underwear. It felt weird to be completely exposed like that while I was outside. "I feel like I still have to go," I said.

"Then go. Pop a squat."

"Did you think it was cute just that I pee'd myself, or that I had to go bad?"

"Mm, both."

I was stepping from side to side, my bladder still pulsing with urgency. My weak muscles weren't ready for another hold. "I don't think my body let me pee all the way with pants on," I said, patting myself between the legs. "I actually really gotta go. It's starting to hit me more." I went over to the hose, turned it on, and rinsed off my legs and nether regions. It was exceptionally hard to hold it in as I did this, and I found myself doing a full-blown potty dance. I held myself and kicked my feet out to drip-dry. I dried myself with a towel and started to pull the shorts that Jasmine brought me on.

"You don't gotta get dress if you don't want to," she muttered.

I laughed. "I don't?"

"I mean, no one's home, you know?"

I bent at the knees and squeezed my pussy. Then I sat on my foot. I wasn't nearly as full of urine as I was before, but it felt ready to come out. "Dude, I still really gotta go."

"Your muscles are tired," she said, as if I didn't know.

After about 20 minutes, I was dying again. Hopping around and dancing frantically was the only way I could keep from leaking. I jumped back onto my foot, grinding into it and feeling myself spurt onto my heel. "O-hh my fucking god," I groaned. Jasmine was sitting in front of my in the grass. As soon as I was about to give up, I noticed her move her hand to her crotch. At first, I thought she had to pee, too. Then I realized...

I jumped up and positioned the armrest of the seat between my legs, scooting back and forth. "Is this okay?" I asked, out of breath from the strain of keeping my bladder contained. She nodded. "My bladderrr..."

"Is- is this okay?" Jasmine pulled a small vibrator out of her pocket. I nodded. She unbuttoned her pants and put it in her underwear.

"Feel how much," I said, moving right next to her on my knees. Her breath was shaky. I could hear the vibrator working. I was holding my pussy with one hand and my butt with the other. She touched her knuckles to my once again tight, bulging bladder. "Eep!" I squeaked as I spurted, falling back onto my butt and rubbing my pussy. I was struggling not to piss even more as the wave was still raging. "I can't hold it! I-I can't--"

"This makes it easier," she said, handing me the vibrator.

I spurted again as I positioned it under me with my trembling hands, it's buzzing body sending shockwaves of pleasure as it entered me. "I t-think it just made it worse--" I said, squeezing my eyes shut. My need to urinate was at a deafening scream, practically unbearable. But I wasn't leaking.

Jasmine put her hand over mine, which was squeezing my pussy tightly. "Let go," she said.

"I-I'm gonna pee!"

"That's okay." I moved my hands to my sides, shaking them as my uncomfortable need to pee was surging at an all-time high. She gently ran her fingers around my pussy lips and played with the vibrator.

"I c- I can't take it!" I moaned, jerking my shaking legs around. There was so much stimulation down there. It felt like the vibrator was plugging me up, making so I physically couldn't empty my swollen bladder. "W- what if I burst? What if my bladder explodes?"

"Is this okay?" she asked me, laying down and running her tongue once around my clitoris. She stopped and waited for a response.

"Y-yeah," I said, "but I don't want to pee on you. I'm scared..."

She started eating me out, pushing the vibrator in as deep as it'd go. "Huhn-- ah... ahh... Jasmine, I'm... Oh, god, I'm gonna burst!" Tears were streaming down my face. I was so absolutely desperate to void my bladder that I couldn't think. I was dying. If I could release it right now, I thought, I would. But I can't. Oh my god, she feels so good... but I'm in so much painnn...

"Hah- hah- hah..." I jerked my hips around when I came. It felt like I was finally going to piss, but I didn't. "Okay, stop stop--" I said, writhing around as she kept eating me out. The stimulation was overwhelming. She lifted her head, but Jasmine continued to hold the vibrator inside of me...

"How much do you need to pee?" she said.

"S-so f-fucking bad..." I choked. "T-take it out-"

"I want you to go on my face," she said.

"Oh, pleasee! I'm hurting, Jasmine! It really, really hurts!"

I was pissing as soon as it was out. Jasmine was in the line of fire, opening her mouth and letting the stream jet against her tongue, no regard to the clothes she had on. I layed on my back and let it shoot out, relief washing over me. I had been so overstimulated that I didn't even know when I was done pissing.

"You're beautiful, girl," Jasmine said, licking my pussy one last time. It made me jerk.

"I've never had to go so bad," I said, touching my pussy. "I think I'm done holding it in for the day."

We were back in her room. Both of us were showered and changed. I had felt a slight need to pee, but was preoccupied with conversation. Later, as we were sitting on her bed watching TV, I suddenly felt myself pissing into my underwear. I gasped and held myself, running to the bathroom. It felt almost impossible not to keep leaking as I ran to the toilet. The amount of urine that came out of my was surprising. How was I holding that much and not realizing it? I should bring it up to Jasmine.

As I came out of the bathroom, she was pulling her pants off. "Do you want to eat me out?" she asked.

"Yeah," I said. I suppose it could wait.

*002*2021-11-20 19:12

{{49 minutes ago, IllusiveOne said:

I have not commented on any of your stories but have read most of them. You're writing and descriptions of desperation are some of my absolute favorites. Keep up the amazing work!

}}

Thank you!

*004*2021-12-04 18:38

Ever since I held my pee for Jasmine, she's been wanting me to do it all the time. I like doing things for her so I always say yes. It's never gotten quite as intense as that first time, but I'm always dying to go by the end of it.

I walked into her room, uncomfortably full of urine like she asked me to be. We just hung out and talked for a while, I didn't mention it as it got worse and worse.

Eventually, we were talking about sex stuff and I felt it was an appropriate time to reach into my bag and pull out an unopened package of a couple of butt plugs. "Would you want to try this with me?" I asked.

"Hell yeah," she giggled.

By this point, I really, really had to go. I couldn't keep still and she could see it. I unbuttoned my shorts to relieve some pressure around my bulging midsection, though Jasmine took it as invitation to start stripping from the waist down. I followed suit, constantly holding my bare pussy with the hand that wasn't actively pulling my shorts and underwear off.

"Hand me one," she told me. I writhed my hips around the entire ten seconds I attempted to open the package with my trembling hands before I tossed it to her and said "you gotta open it."

She giggled and tore it open with her teeth, then grabbed a small tube of lube from her night table. She squeezed some into one and handed it to me.

I was trying so hard not to pee as I sat on my knees and spread my legs, gently pressing the slippery plug against my butthole. I scrunched up my face as I pushed harder, wiggling it to force it into uncharted territory. My anus hurt with the little bit of forceful expansion around the tip of the plug. "It won't..." I mumbled, squeezing my pussy and fidgeting. "I knew it'd hurt a little, but this is kind of hard to get in."

Jasmine seemed to have less difficulty with hers, as she was visibly rougher with it than I was being. "Ooh!" she said, "it does hurt."

"Could you help me?" I asked.

"Yeah," she replied, grimacing and holding her butt. "Bend over. Put your ass in my face," she joked.

I did, holding my pussy and swaying my butt back and forth. "Okay, you gotta keep a little more still than this," she told me. "I know you gotta pee."

"I really do," I said, scrunching up my face as a wave of urgency contracted my full bladder. "Whoa!" I recoiled as something cold was wiped between my asscheeks.

"I'm just making it easier," she said.

"I gotta pee really bad," I said, squeezing and rubbing myself. I had to go so badly that I was starting to worry about leakage.

"Okay, here we go."

"Oww!" I cried when she shoved it in, piss spurting out into my hand and through my fingers, pain tearing through my asshole.

"You got it!" Jasmine said, putting her hand over the spot where I leaked.

I was writhing frantically trying to get my bladder under control. "You didn't have to do it so hard!"

"Hey, you asked for my help," she said, getting off her knees and sitting gingerly on her butt, her face still carrying a look of discomfort.

I had discomfort of my own. My butt hurt really bad, plus I was also doing a full-on potty dance trying not to piss any more on Jasmine's bed. My urethra had been full of liquid since I leaked, but I'd be damned if I was going to let any more out on these covers. I could see her eyes were glued to what I was doing. I loved seeing her enamored with me.

"I really have to gooo!" I whined, rocking back and forth with my hands shoved between my legs. I scooted my foot under my crotch so I could dig my heel into my peehole. As I did it, I bumped the plug and sent a small shock of pain around my sensitive booty.

"How bad?" she asked, spreading her legs and playing with her pussy.

"Really bad," I said.

"Spread your legs," she said. Hesitantly, I forced my knees away from each other, still desperately grabbing at my vagina. "Sit on your butt and spread them more," she told me. "And don't hold yourself. Keep your hands away."

I did everything but the hands thing. "I can't..." I said, rubbing my pussy. "I have to go..."

"You can! Just try it," she said, moving over to me and pulling my hands away herself. My bladder was screaming for release, pushing urine against my straining peehole. I could see my urine-bloated organ bulging from between my shaking legs. I squeezed and pulled at the bedsheets, gritting my teeth and wincing from the exertion. Jasmine lowered her head between my legs and licked my vagina, my legs jerking in response. My desperation was so intense I felt like I was going to lose control at any moment, and I was thinking I may have drank too much before coming here.

I curled my toes and whimpered as I felt a leak dribble out. Jasmine didn't even seem to notice. She was full-on eating me out by this point. My burning, overtired urinary muscles were starting to slip. I bit into my knuckles from the extreme discomfort in my lower belly, and the physical task of keeping it there. My body forced out a slightly longer leak, one that Jasmine had to have noticed. My hands shot to my clit and she looked at me as I gripped tightly, squeezing my urethra shut against my almost unbearable urge to urinate.

"I have to- it really-" I stuttered, writhing in desperation. "I'm gonna pee!"

"Not if you hold it!" she said as if it was obvious, pulling my hands away and putting her mouth to my urine soaked clitoris. I was trying so hard. My entire being was putting effort towards keeping all that piss inside my body. The hot little spurts were unavoidable, I'm sure of that. There was no physical way I could have clenched my peehole any tighter. Jasmine didn't seem to mind, even as they grew in strength and frequency. I whimpered as I stemmed a rather long one off, my burning urethra aching like no tomorrow.

I felt like I was about to cry. Jasmine shifted her position and bumped my butt, sending shockwaves of pain but also pleasure through my booty. I recoiled and spurted hard, this time making an audible hiss with it. I groaned trying to stop it, my peehole and my overstretched bladder howling in agony. It really only downsized to a dribble for a few seconds before hissing out again even harder and longer. I squirmed and trembled trying to stop until I saw Jasmine letting it jet against her tongue. At that moment, I finally relaxed, letting it explode out of me like a firehouse.

"Alright man, you gotta stop!" I heard her say, putting her hand against my pussy so the stream splattered against her palm.

"W-what?"

"Stop! It's gonna get everywhere!"

I clenched my muscles, crossing my legs and gripping my pussy. "Owww..." I moaned, my bladder still alarmingly full. It sputtered to a halt, my peehole hurting like crazy. Still extremely desperate, I stumbled to the bathroom and sat on the toilet. It took a few seconds to start pissing. I leaned back and moaned as I pissed long and hard, a gushing, powerful torrent that lasted longer than I ever thought I could hold inside of me. When it dribbled to a stop, I still felt like I had to go. I sat there pushing for a minute, but ultimately gave up. I wiped my hands, pussy and thighs of urine and washed my hands while my bladder still ached with fullness.

I helped her clean up my piss. We took a shower together and I was still unable to void myself completely. I had a fresh change of clothes that I put on before leaving.

My butthole ached as I got into my car, liquid sloshing around in my bladder. I realized I actually needed to pee pretty bad as I was pulling out, but if it wouldn't come out before it probably wouldn't come out if I went back in to use the bathroom now, either. I started to question that decision as I found myself squirming and drumming my fingers in between my legs, but I really didn't really have to go too terribly bad.

I took a turn too hard and something went flying off my dashboard. At the next red light, I reached over to pick it up off the floor and it pushed a squirt of pee out me. I jolted upright, squeezing and tensing ever muscle in my lower body. My finger was holding my urethra full of urine, and my bladder still felt on the verge of continuing. I was actually about to have an accident in my car.

The light turned green. I pressed on the gas and spurted into my pants again, frantically sticking my butt back and forth, dragging my pussy across the seat trying to keep my urine contained. It was impossible to drive straight, desperately doing a pee dance while trying to pay attention to the road. Why did I need to go so badly so suddenly?

I groaned miserably as my urethra made the executive decision to relax, allowing the leak to grow to a stream and quickly soak my already damp shorts. I was having an accident. I was actually pissing myself in my car.

The stream fettered off at a dull but urgent ache. I pulled into my driveway and actually had to hold my vagina as I ran to my front door, dancing as I unlocked it. I still felt like I was going to pee myself. My shoes squelched as I stepped and my pants were soaked at the butt and down the thighs. I ran to the bathroom and decided I'd release the rest of my bladder in the shower. I pulled off my shirt and bra as I stepped around desperately. As I pulled down my pants and underwear, I suddenly started pissing hard, unable to stop as I clutched my vagina and struggled to get out of my soggy clothes. Urine gushed from between my fingers as I got a single leg loose from my pants and jumped into the shower, finally releasing what felt like the entire contents of my bladder, which was once again way more than I was expecting it to be.

*005*2021-12-15 22:18

I didn't take a morning pee when I woke up. I stepped around and tiredly donned my bathing suit, a shirt, and a pair of jorts. It was a long drive to the beach. Plenty of time to allow my bladder to fill. It got pretty bad by the time I was halfway there. The seatbelt was constricting my belly. I couldn't keep still by the time I got there. I hurriedly got out and tried not to hold myself as I paced around, waiting to see Jasmine.

She was late. I was busting to go. When I finally saw her walking down the parking lot, I waved her down like a psycho.

I crossed my legs and bent over as I felt a trickle of pee move to the end of my urethra. "Jee-eez..." I groaned.

"Come on, cutie!" she said, grabbing my hand and pulling me forward. I wondered if she'd encourage me to stop holding it in for her if I told her about my sudden bouts of incontinence. I didn't want to stop.

My bladder was so full. Every step was a hard throb. It was really hard not to hold myself. I peed a little bit every bunch of steps, fidgeting with the zipper on my jorts for the small amount of pressure my fingertips put on my sensitive pussy.

"Should we put our stuff here?" she asked.

"I don't care," I said, stepping around.

"Over there is less crowded, but the tide might come up..."

I winced and gave myself a squeeze. "I don't care, I just need to piss!"

When we got to our spot, I I immediately unbuttoned my jorts and let them fall to the ground, ready to run to the ocean. As I stepped out of them, it suddenly started coming out. I squeezed my pussy and clenched my legs together, but I couldn't stop it. I dropped to my knees and pissed my bikini, the urine pooling at my butt and dribbling into the sand.

I could feel my cheeks getting hot as Jasmine rushed over and kneeled in front of me to hide me from onlookers. "I didn't know you had to go that bad!" she said, giggling yet sympathetic, piss squirting out of the front of my bikini bottoms. It came to a stop, but...

"I still really have to go," I muttered to her, writhing around as my bladder throbbed urgently. Although I wasn't peeing, I didn't feel like I had control over my bladder at the moment. My straining muscles were scarcely holding in the pee I felt all the way to the tip of my urethra, ready to squirt out.

I stood up with my legs crossed, spurting hard as I did so, yellow liquid dribbling down my thighs. I was honestly about to squat back down in the sand and let go until I saw the way she was eyeing my body.

"You have to go that bad still?" she asked. I nodded, sticking my butt out and holding myself before shaking my hands desperately at my sides, stepping side to side trying not to embarrass myself too much. "You wanna go to the water with me?" she asked. "I want to feel you go."

I wiped my thighs and gingerly began walking towards the shore, fighting the urge to hold myself. I tried to remain casual as I started to lose control halfway there, streaming down my legs all the to my ankles.

"Jasmine...!" I said, slowing down. Urine started spurting out of the front of my bikini.

"Come on!" she grabbed my hand and started running, strong spurts with every step. I was gushing piss as soon as we got to the water, and when we were deep enough to hide it she put her hand to my crotch to feel me do it. I was still going strong.

I stayed hydrated and didn't pee again for the rest of the time we were at the beach. I was wriggling around when she asked if we could leave and invited me over.

I peed myself again driving home. I just had to go so bad and I couldn't keep it in. At least I had my towel under me. I intentionally didn't put my jorts back on before in case it happened.

Writhing madly around at a stoplight, it just started spurting out. I held the towel against my crotch as I gushed liquid. I started draining my water bottle before I was even done peeing to make sure I still had to go for Jasmine. As I finished the bottle, I started to ball up the towel with my other hand to keep up with my piss stream as I saturated it with urine.

*006*2021-12-16 23:21

I still really had to go when I was able to force myself to stop and hold it in the rest. My thighs were pressed together and I was rocking back and forth as I pulled in. I stepped out of the car jorts in hand and pulled them on, stepping around and giving myself a firm squeeze every few seconds. I managed to look casual as I went through her house and into her room, though I was really busting to piss.

When I entered her room, I saw the bathroom door shut. "Jasmine?" I asked. Immediately, it opened again. "Hey!" she smiled and hugged me, pulling me to the bed.

"Ooh! Be careful," I said, putting my hand between my legs. "I gotta potty."

"Me too!" she laughed. I wondered if she wanted to do anything with her own pee, but I didn't ask.

Jasmine took her time to initiate anything sexual. I made a couple moves, desperate to move closer to relief, but I think she wanted me to have to pee more. She could see me squirming, but if she could feel what I was feeling and knew how bad I needed to go, I think she'd move a little quicker. At one point, she wedged her cold fingers in between my tight waistband and my bulging bladder. I thanked god when she finally unbuttoned my jorts, releasing the awful tightness around my bloated belly. It was immediately replaced by the crushing presence of her hand in my pants, pressing against my full bladder. She ran her fingers up and down my pussy. I squirmed into her hand.

"Do you want to eat me out?" she asked me.

I nodded. I couldn't keep still while I watched her pull off her shorts and underwear. She leaned against the headboard of her bed and I Iayed on my side in front of her, holding myself and writhing my legs around as I ran my tongue up and around her pussy. Anytime I looked up she was blushing and watching my frantic, desperate movement. She came pretty quickly and offered to reciprocate.

She pulled her shirt off and I sat on her face. She was so good at eating me out. I felt around her head and squeezed her hair, overcome with pleasure and frustrated at my inability to hold myself.

Pretty soon, around when I gently spurted for the first time, my focus shifted almost entirely to holding it in. Time went on and on and I needed to pee so badly I could barely think. I couldn't take it much longer. The hot little spurts were getting so frequent.

She stopped and said "Hey, I'm loving this leakage, but try not to go so much that it gets on the bed, okay?"

Jesus christ, what does she expect from me? I was dying!

On one of the leaks I pissed a lot. It filled her mouth so much her cheeks bubbled out and she looked at me wide-eyed.

"I'm sorry!" I stuttered, jumping off her and gripping the towel tightly against my dribbling vagina. "I'm sorry, I just have to go so fucking bad, Jasmine, I can't hold it!" I got off the bed when I spurted hard into the towel and dropped to a squat, digging the balled up towel into myself with the back of my foot.

Jasmine sat up and gulped my piss down, sighing and sticking her tongue out after. "You're so fucking hot," she told me. I was flattered, but my overfull bladder was so uncomfortable. I was rocking back and forth and grimacing, clutching my bulging belly. I felt like I was about to explode. Jasmine ran into the bathroom and threw another towel to me hard enough to make me pee a little bit. "Keep this under your butt," she said.

She sat next to me as I squirmed desperately. I groaned miserably as I spurted for a few seconds. "Want me to eat you out again?" she asked.

"I might pee..." I said.

"That's okay," she layed her head by me, inviting me to sit on her face again. My bladder throbbed as I moved over her, pee dribbling out onto her face as I adjusted myself.

"Sorry!" I winced as she giggled, wasting no time to press her tongue against my wet pussy. I was anxiously squeezing my hands into fists as my urethra let out a long spurt again. I felt it on my pussy and thighs when it filled her mouth too quickly and dribbled down her cheeks.

I moaned through clenched teeth as waves of euphoria spread through my nether regions, rippling through all the urine in my screaming, vastly overfilled organ. I peed for like five seconds and whimpered during my effort to stop it. I struggled to return a smile from Jasmine as my urine was dripping from her chin and cheeks. I was now just sitting on her chest, trembling and fighting back tears while I clutched between my legs and rocked back and forth.

I spurted long and hard. "Ahh--" I stood on my knees trying to hold it in, urine spouting out all over Jasmine's tits and face. She looked ecstatic. The jet was hard enough to hiss behind my squeezing hands. "It w-wont st-stop!" I stuttered. She gently grabbed my wrists and pulled them away from my crotch. I resisted it at first, but she put her mouth to my pussy again as soon as they were out of the way and I just let go.

"Ahhhh--" I moaned a little too loud as I exploded, urine swirling around Jasmine's mouth and cascading down her titties and her belly. She gulped some down and let the rest flow over her body. She leaned back and said "could you try to get it on my pussy?"

Though I was trembling head to toe, I attempted to direct the torrent between her fingers, which were playing with her clitoris and pulling her lips apart. It hissed out like a firehouse and splattered against her vulva. "J-Jasmine..." I muttered, the puddle spreading past the towels and moving across her floor. She grabbed an empty cup off her bedside table and held it under me. I looked at her nervously as the foaming urine filled it to the brim and overflowed. She took it away and drank from it, letting me piss hard against the floor again. I saw her dip her fingers in the cup of pee and put it against her pussy, rubbing circles as she bit her lip and looked up at me. The puddle was making its way to the bedroom door! Does she not care? I filled my cheeks with air and squeezed my eyes tight as I sat down against my heel and clenched my tired muscles, still pissing hard for a agonizing eight more seconds, stopping the stream with a still aching bladder.

"There's so much," I said, surveying the damage.

"Hey, don't worry about it. I'll deal with it," she told me. "Get yourself cleaned up, pretty girl." I got up, the urge to urinate still throbbing in my abdomen, and went into the bathroom.

*007*2021-12-17 21:55

I was trying so hard to pee in the shower, but it wouldn't come out. It was frustrating to have the oppurtunity to relieve the weight in my belly and be unable to use it. After a while, she joined me in there.

I noticed Jasmine grimacing.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing, I just have to go to the bathroom," she replied, and I understood. We were close, but not that close.

I didn't put anything on under these fuzzy pants and a loose t-shirt. I sat on my phone in the bed while she went to the bathroom. In less than a minute, I was squirming from the discomfort. My bladder was really full and aching. Why wasn't I able to go in the shower? It's hard not to pee in the shower!

In a couple of minutes I was writhing around and holding myself. I needed to pee so bad it felt like it was going to come out.

Whoa, shit. It really felt like it was about to come out.

I jumped up from the bed, holding myself and pacing around, jerking my knee up to press my thighs together every couple of steps before knocking on the door. "Are you almost done, Jasmine?"

"...Yeah?"

I knew there was a bathroom in her parents room, but I didn't want to go over there potty dancing and asking to use their toilet, risking pissing myself over there. I really needed the toilet, though. I couldn't keep still for even a second. I knew if I did, I'd pee. When I almost leaked, I crossed my legs and sat on the bed, scooting my butt around frantically. "I really really have to go!" I called.

"Please don't come in here as soon as I'm done," she replied.

I sat on my fist and rubbed it into myself, feeling a small spot of warmth form around my vagina. I groaned and stood back up, twisting my legs up and squeezing my pussy and my ass. I did not feel in control of my bladder. I was on the verge of peeing.

With no underwear for absorbancy between me and these baggy pants, a hard spurt went straight down my leg to my ankle. I jumped onto the bed, spread my legs and checked my crotch. The material wasn't very absorbant, but there were small streaks of darkness in between my legs. I started pissing and immediately clenched my legs back together, holding myself and scooting my butt around. I was sweating from the struggle of keeping myself contained. Another little spurt and I bit my cheek and scooted to the side of the bed, grabbing madly between my legs. I spurted again and jumped off the bed so I could dig my heel into my crotch again. "Jasmineeee..." I groaned, feeling myself dribble. I dug my fingers into my damp crotch, sticking my butt out and doubling over. I felt like crying. I couldn't pee myself in Jasmine's pants! Although I'm not entirely sure how much she would mind it, to be honest. All this little leakage was accumulating as sticky streaks down my legs and dark patches.

I had to go so bad it hurt. I put my hands inside my pants to hold myself as I stood up and started pacing again. "Fuck!" I swore, pinching my pussy and kicking my legs.

I peed a little bit when I stood up and this time it went straight down the pant leg and onto the floor. I dropped on my butt over the spot, sloshing my urine around inside me and peeing even more as I did so.

My pussy was soaked with pee. In between my legs felt wet from top to bottom. I didn't even want to check the damage again. I don't think I could keep dry if I did. I heard the toilet flush and I leapt to my feet, rubbing circles into my pussy, trying to stop the dribbling I felt from my urethra on my fingertips.

The sink went on. My pee dance was desperate and frantic. I was focusing every fiber of my being into keeping my peehole shut, keeping my bladder full. I peed hard for a couple of seconds. "Jasminee..." I groaned again, pulling on the door handle. "I'm dying!"

The door swung open. She held me out as I tried to rush in there.

"No, please don't!" she said, "it stinks..."

"I don't care! It's gonna come out!" I was trembling and squeezing myself so tight my knuckles were white.

"Can't you wait just a couple of minutes?"

Intermittent spurts were squirting out of me every couple of seconds. "I can't..."

"I can help you."

"I'm gonna... ohhh..." It became a hard, pulsing stream. I doubled over as it happened, urine cascading down my legs, soaking the pants and streaming out at the ankles.

"I-I'm sorry!" Jasmine said, hesitantly stepping aside. I waddled to the shower, still pissing hard, the recent odor immediately apparent upon entry. I left a trail of little puddles all the way up to the shower, where even after it stopped coming out, I sat there squatting until I felt it start dribbling again, completely emptying my poor bladder.

