Soaked Snow White and Her Desperate Dwarf

Author: GoldenKnight

*000*2023-10-08 17:17

I’m excited to present my first fictional story to you. It consists of seven respectively eight chapters that I will post little by little during the next time and contains female as well as male desperation and/or wetting. I hope you enjoy reading it! At least it was, or rather still is, much fun to write it, and if it’s as fun to read it, you’re going to have a good time 😇 However, the today chapter is not called “Introduction” without a reason, it’s mainly background for the following chapters and without plenty of omo stuff. So, please don’t throw in the towel if it doesn’t turn out very spectacular today, be sure it will 😏

P.S.: The tags I used are prospective for the whole story.

Chapter 1 – Introduction

“Magic mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?” Valmira asked her bedroom mirror, which formed the door of her closet, in a slight divergence from the Grimm Brothers, since she was standing there herself in a Snow White costume (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B075MDXS6V/ref=sr_1_1?keywords=snow%2Bwhite%2Bdress%2Bwomen&qid=1684612266&sprefix=snow%2Bwhite%2Bdress%2Caps%2C228&sr=8-1&th=1&language=en_US

).

“You are the prettiest!”. The answer came from Aaron, who was gazing with shining eyes at his girlfriend.

He always had a crush on Disney Princesses, and Snow White was his absolute favorite. And this carnival, Valmira fulfilled him his wish and dressed indeed up as Snow White.

She wasn’t exactly the cliché Snow White – her hair wasn’t deep black like it was in the fairy tale, you can describe it as fawn-brown (in perfect correspondence with their eyes) and went to the middle of her back. And due to her half Albanian background, she had a Mediterranean appearance. So, when you just looked at her skin, she wasn’t really snow-white. But in Aaron’s eyes, she was actually the most beautiful princess he had ever seen. Her curvy figure also contributed to this in no small measure.

In turn, it was Aaron’s part to be a dwarf. Well, at least he was wearing some costume like this (https://www.amazon.de/-/en/FIESTAS-GUIRCA-Mens-Gnome-Costume/dp/B0199AI4I6?th=1).

Although, next to his Snow White, he didn’t look very “dwarfish”. He wasn’t a giant with his 1,80 m, but still not less than half a head taller than Valmira (1,65 m). And even his height excluded, nothing about him would remind you of a dwarf, at least if you connote such with a bit chubby and kind of cute, as the dwarfs in some cartoon movies appear. His build was not Dwayne Johnson-like, but you definitely could tell that for a while now, not a week went by without him visiting the gym. Or to put it that way: to be the owner of a six-pack, he did not have to go to the beverage section in the supermarket. Anyhow, he refrained from wearing this silly fake beard.

Instead, he had grown a real beard over the last month. Now well, this didn’t really suit a storybook dwarf either, his natural beard was dark brown like his hair. But that didn't diminish Valmira’s immense enthusiasm at all. Generally, she found men with beards exceedingly hot. However, unfortunately for her, Aaron wasn’t really a “beard guy” and usually shaved his face at least twice a week. But that was the deal: she would dress up as Snow White and he as a dwarf with a beard, because “a dwarf needs a beard”, she demanded, even if it was dark brown. Small side effect: She now touched his face at every opportunity to ran her fingers through his facial hair.

She wore the Snow White dress with a white long sleeve shirt and white wool tights underneath, plus white Air Max. That should be warm enough on this mild early March day. Furthermore, she took a red jacket with her and a small shoulder bag that was just big enough to fit her smartphone, wallet, and keys. He wore a t-shirt under his costume and only tight boxers down below, foregoing long underwear after he was confident, he wouldn't freeze that way. In order not to be dressed too summery, he brought a jacket with him, pretty much in the same light blue color as his pants. His feet were adorned with dark blue sneakers.

They planned a trip to Greyridge [a fictional town in an unspecific country; author’s note] to watch a suburban carnival parade on this Carnival Sunday. They wanted to meet there with Mary and Paul, Valmira’s best friend in the world since kindergarten and her boyfriend, who had lived in this said suburb until a couple of months ago before they had moved to a bigger flat in another part of the city. Anyway, they got huge fans of “their” carnival parade and Mary had swarmed Valmira about it. So, the four wanted to watch the parade at noon and spend the day together, for the evening there weren’t exact plans yet, maybe a bar or a pub or some carnival party in a club, they would have enough options for sure.

For Valmira and Aaron it was a ride from roughly an hour to get to the Greyridge suburb: ten minute walk to the train station + 30 minute train ride to Greyridge Main Station + 20 minute streetcar ride to the suburb. They left the house at 10:15 am and got on their train ten minutes later. No sooner than they had sat down, he opened the first beer of the day. “Breakfast is the most important meal of the day … cheers!” Aaron exclaimed, then he took a passionate sip. In fact, he opened two beers – one for him, one for her. Though, she wasn’t that hyped like him about this morning beer. But yeah, it was carnival, practically a day drinking fireworks. Unlike him, whose breakfast (in the sense of “the first thing you consume in the morning”) was actually the beer, she had at least two pieces of cold pizza and a large cup of black tea beforehand. And after the first two sips, she also was able to enjoy her alcoholic drink now.

The journey was massively unspectacular. Pretty exactly at 11:15 am, they reached the Greyridge suburb, where they were to meet Mary and Paul at 11:45 am, while the parade should start at 12 pm and last about two hours. The math geniuses among you could already tell, this means Valmira and Aaron were half an hour early – after they calculated with some delays which surprisingly didn’t occur. So, with half an hour to wait, they found themselves in the middle of a residential area. There was only one nail salon on the street where they were going to meet and one single kiosk that was making the sales of the year that day. To kill the waiting time, Aaron got two more beers from the kiosk, which they drank immediately.

Accordingly, both had already had two beers when Mary and Paul arrived punctually at 11:45 am with a supply of drinks. It wasn't long before all four had a(nother) beer in hand and were toasting to what they hoped would be a fun day. Therefore, it was to be gotten over that the parade obviously did not begin on time, because at 12 o'clock nothing had happened yet. The last could not be said about Valmira’s bladder, on the other hand. Not that she urgently had to go yet, but she could definitely feel how her morning tea and the train beer had gone through her and arrived in her bladder. And foreseeably, two more beers would soon find their way there as urine. Plus, likely she would have a constant liquid intake over roughly the next two hours. Whew, my bladder is probably going to get pretty full during the parade, she thought as she frowned slightly in prospected discomfort at this thought.

*001*2023-10-12 18:09

Chapter 2 – The Carnival Parade (Or Snow White and Her Seven Drinks)

When the parade finally started with a roughly 20 Minutes delay, Valmira felt her bladder pretty clearly. And you generally (only) feel your bladder if it’s filled, or at least filling up. No way she could not notice the liquids she had been ingesting during the morning running through her body and slowly but surely creating a certain need.

Speaking of ingesting fluids: there she was standing with a can of a beer-tequila mixed drink, drinking from it continuously. First, typically, if you have a drink in hand, good chance you keep sipping unless you really don’t want to drink at all. Second, every time a girl with a short skirt was seeable, she had to drink. It was for sure the stupidest drinking game ever, because there were dozens of girls in short skirts. In fact, the only purpose of this drinking game was to get the participants drinking aka drunk [admittedly, that is most likely the purpose of any drinking game; author’s note]. But anyway, that's why her drink was getting emptier and emptier, and her bladder was getting fuller and fuller.

The parade was literally fun for young and old! There were costumes, marching groups, parade floats, dancing groups, music … and of course, the enthusiastic spectators at the roadside. There were even sweets thrown [in my country it is common that sweets are thrown around during carnival parades, these are called "Kamelle" lol, I don't know if this custom exists in other countries as well; author's note]. But for sure you’re not here to read something about the course of a carnival parade.

Let's continue by stating that Valmira, Aaron, Mary, and Paul weren’t very interested in the free candy, they had their “adult candy” aka alcoholic drinks, and they brought plenty of them. For Valmira, that meant she was alternately sipping her tequila-beer and some light mix of mango juice and vodka.

When an hour of the parade had passed, she had become a bit tipsy. But the bunch of drinks had in a way a much more remarkable impact: her bladder was filling relentlessly. Was it before like she thought “yeah, I have to pee”, at home she would go, but it wasn’t dramatic so far, now, however, it got actually really urgent, in a sense of “you should think seriously how to solve your pressing problem”. The point was: the “thinking” per se was no rocket science.

She was here in some suburban area, with no toilets or locations with toilets around and the possibilities to squat with at least a touch of privacy was also no existent. This led directly to the realization: the “solving part” was a huge problem. She came to the conclusion that under the given circumstances, there was unfortunately no choice for her but to hold it until they arrived at Paul and Mary’s. Valmira grimaced in displeasure. Facing the realities, she started worrying because she developed the strong feeling, waiting that long could be truly difficult. She took a deep breath while she was stepping from one foot to the other and tried to distract herself with the parade and some conversations.

She slowed down her drinking tempo, which of course didn’t undo the already happened liquid intake, though.

Yet now it was difficult to get distracted. First, the certain feeling between her legs was too dominant now. Second, the others were not much help in this effort, on the contrary. For soon a group decision broke out about the general need to pee. Aaron had initiated the topic by announcing “Well, actually I have to pee”. Turned out, everyone in the group could use a restroom – more or less urgent. The boys quickly found relief by turning quickly into a side street and "misappropriating" the greenery there, which was used to separate parking spaces. In contrast, the girls were forced to keep holding it in. Mary was downright annoyed by the men's behavior: “You’re like lil boys”. “Mommy, I have to wee, now!”, she added, mimicking a little kid.

“Nothing is stopping you from doing the same”, Paul said to her.

“Yeah, except I have to perform a peep show to do so” – Mary was deep in sarcastic mode.

“I could stand in front of you to shield you”, Paul commented.

“Come on, you MUST see the point that’s wayyyy less revealing to whip out your junk just standing in front of a tree or something than to squat having to pull down your whole clothes and present your fucking naked privates and ass to the whole world somewhere”, Marie was indignant.

“When I whip it out, I present my dick to the whole world as well, as you like to say”, Paul said, though unconvincingly. Mary wasn’t even answering at all, instead she only gave him a very angry look.

Valmira couldn’t suppress a grin, listening to this conversation. She didn't see it that bitterly. Yeah, it was annoying that she had to hold it while her boyfriend had an easy time taking a leak. But that was a predicament she just had to deal with. Clearly, of the many visitors, some would have to pee. And clearly, for reasons, the men would have an easier time doing so than the women, because there were no toilets. But hate the game, not the player. Actually, she couldn’t blame the men, she wouldn’t keep holding it as well if she had it easier. So it was more a bit of envy from her side. Why didn't anyone think of placing a few porta potties here for today?, she thought. Apart from the fact that you make it difficult for women to relieve themselves, it provokes public urination anyways and no one can possibly want people to piss wildly all over the place. Well, that is not well-thought-out again.

However, that were just general thoughts which came up in her mind because honestly for her personally, porta potties wouldn’t have been of great use just (yet), since she HATED public bathrooms and porta potties were for her the ultimate horror show of a public bathroom. So she preferred to hold it anyway. Side effect of her aversion to public restrooms was that she was used to having to hold her pee and coping with a full bladder. Now she tried to encourage herself with that: Okay, I need to pee … BADLY … but I can hold it … I often have to hold for a long time … yeah, I have a strong bladder, I can make until we’ll get to Paul and Mary’s!

She glanced at Mary. While Valmira was totally unable to stand still and fidgeted around constantly, Mary seemed to be in control of her body movements very well. Even though she was complaining pretty much about her increasing urgency to urinate, you couldn’t tell Mary had to pee just by looking at her. Maybe she doesn’t have to go that badly and just likes complaining, Valmira speculated. Probably this, she eventually assumed doing a full-fledged potty dance herself, regarding that sometimes Mary tended to be a bit of a drama queen. Be that as it may, Snow White was desperate to pee for very sure.

It was short after 2 pm when the parade ended. Valmira was super fidgety. Mary also had gotten a bit squirmy, but in her case, it was much more subtle than in Valmira's case. So it was by no means a surprise that the second the parade came to an end, Valmira insisted on immediately heading for the streetcar stop and getting on her way home. It was only a walk of a few minutes. When they reached the stop, they found they had to wait roughly ten minutes for the next streetcar. Valmira was constantly and frantically pee dancing on the platform, which felt rather embarrassing for her, since there were countless other visitors who now wanted to take the streetcar home and were waiting. She was “standing” there crossing her legs tightly for a couple of seconds, before uncrossing them to tap frantically her foot tips on the ground, then back to crossing legs and the same spiel again.

All that while she was steadily squirming around. Not only that her general need to pee had gotten immense, now she had to make things worse to fight fierce waves of urges. When those came, she couldn’t help to clench her fists, tense her whole body and bite her lip while doing an even more frantic pee dance, and when these waves rolled over her bladder, she held her breath and exhaled heavily as the wave slowly faded. To hold it in required her full concentration at this point, so she didn’t take part in the conversation anymore. The “distraction ship” had sailed yet somehow or other. Her mind raced only about her overwhelming desire to empty her bladder.

Oh my fucking god, I have to peeeeeeee! The longer she drew out the “peeeeeeee” the more high-pitched her inner voice got. Fuuck, I need to pee like crazy! … I haven’t peed for five hours … Ohh dear, peeing would feel so nice right now … my poor bladder … How many drinks did I have? One..two..three..four..fi-- ahhhhh, shit, no, I’m about to pee, aaaaahhhhhhh, it’s almost coming out, no, no, no, no, no, nooo, please, no …

She took a deep breath. Oh my, that was close … I don’t know how much longer I can hold … NO-O! I have to hold it! I can’t wet myself! … You’re a grown woman, Valmira … Keep it together! You can hold it! … Maybe it doesn’t help to think about how much I drank … How can I keep my mind from this huge need to pee? … I’ll just think of-- God, I am so desperate!!! … Ohh no, fu-uck, this is so fucking embarrassing, everyone around can tell that I’m close to wet myself … argh, but I can’t keep still … Oh my god, no way! … I need to pee, Ineedtopee, Ineedtopeeeee-eeeee … ahhh, my bladder is about to explode … Ugh, it’s like I’m carrying a watermelon in my abdomen … nah, according to the color, more like a honeydew melon … she chuckled. But only for short because the next wave came, less funny.

And then she overheard Paul saying something that harshly tore her from her thoughts and let her standing there in a veritable state of shock: “I hope we can fight through the crowd into the streetcar, I’m not sure if all the people fit into one train”. Fuck. Fuck! FUUUUUUUUCK!!!, she cursed inwardly, trying to maintain at least a bit of composure outwardly. Until now, she had not reflected on this at all, but yeah, it was a plausible train of thoughts: Like Paul was complaining about, the transport company didn’t understand changing its timetable to Carnival Day, so that the rudimentary (regular) Sunday timetable was used, which meant a streetcar only every 30 minutes. And in addition, it could be expected that the length of the track was also adjusted to a normal Sunday, not to a whole crowd of people who now wanted to leave here at the same time.

These realizations got Valmira actually panicking. She had to pee. No, she was really, really desperate to pee. REALLY desperate. Bursting. When she said she needed to pee, it was now not a “need” to be comfortable again. It was even not a “need” to be able avoiding visible signs of having to pee. It was a “need” to not wetting herself. And she knew if they would “miss” the upcoming streetcar, she would wet herself. Definitely. She never did in her adult life, but several times she had really close calls, when she only made it literally in the last second.

Therefore, she could estimate how much time she had before her bladder would reach its ABSOLUTE limit. And that limit was frightening imminent, even to make it the 40 minutes from now until they would get to Paul and Mary’s seemed impossibly long for her, and she could only praise that her poor pelvis muscles would not let her down. But another half hour on top of that, in total over an hour? By this thought, she fell into a manic laughter inside because she imagined wetting herself.

At least after a few further minutes, the streetcar could be seen coming and our Snow White was still dry. Obvious downside: It was a “small” streetcar, with only three single cars, which didn’t even take the whole length of the platform. This platform was apparently designed for rush hour traffic. Well, the traffic on the platform was now at least like rush hour. But as said, the train absolutely not. Just to repeat: the streetcar was visibly shorter than the platform.

But since pretty much every square meter of the platform was occupied by people who were now hustling to a central position, and in addition, there were still people who still wanted to reach this streetcar streaming in from the street, it didn't take much to be able to estimate that the arriving streetcar wouldn’t have enough capacity for everyone present. Given these circumstances, this conclusion was unavoidable for Valmira as well. I hope this is a clown car, or not all the people will get in, she thought. Right at this moment, she was actually jostled in the scrum by a clown who pushed next to her from behind. She laughed about the randomness, however, her amusement lasted only very briefly. For one thing, laughing took the tension from her body, and that was a terrible thing in her current state. For another, after all she actually didn't feel like laughing right now, considering wetting herself wasn’t an unrealistic scenario anymore at all.

She was glad that Aaron had taken her by the hand, to get lost in the crowd was a real nightmare. And she could use his “slipstream” to make their way through the bunch of people. But the most difficult part was upcoming: the streetcar was entering the “station” and that was the starting shot for pure gambling, where the cars would stop and who then stand near the entrance doors. It was pushing and shoving – and got very hectic. The next wave hit Valmira. She had to clench her muscles for dear life to keep her panties dry. Please, let us get on this streetcar, she praised to an unspecific higher power.

