Poor her

Author: largebio

*000*2018-07-18 19:23

“Excuse me, can I pass? I kinda need to pee” Laura asks her sister Natalia.

“Sure”, Natalia says getting up from her seat.

Laura, 18, and Natalia, 20, are in a Thalys train from Amsterdam towards Paris, to visit their aunt and uncle.

A minute later Laura returns; “that was fast”.

“There was a line, and I don’t need to go that badly” Laura says, sitting back down in her seat. And soon dozes off.

An hour later she wakes up, feeling a really strong urge. She wants to ask her sister to let her pass again, but finds her asleep. Not wanting to disturb her sister Laura decides to hold her pee.

The first half hour she manages to do so easily, but as time goes by, it’s getting harder and harder.

In her mind, Laura debates waking her sister, but knowing she’ll never hear the end of it, she decides not to. Instead she just sits there, wriggling in her seat.

She looks at the time and is relieved to see it’s only half an hour to their destination. “I’ll be fine”, she whispers softly to herself.

But only five minutes later, she realises she overestimated herself. Constantly believing relief was close, she kept sipping from her water bottle and now her bladder is full to the brim.

Just then her sister wakes up, probably woken by the announcer saying they’re twenty minutes from Gare du Nord, their final destination.

“As we have little time between trains, I’m gonna pee now. I don’t think we’ll have time to go” Natalia says.

“Okay. I still haven’t gone, so I’ll join you” Laura adds.

“Still haven’t gone? You wanted to go three hours ago!”

”I know. But then I fell asleep and you fell asleep, and I didn’t wanna wake you up”

The girls get up to use the loo, but find it occupied again. This time they wait in front of it, with Laura hardly standing still.

“Oh wow, you really have to go” Natalia says. Just as the door opens. “Go right ahead”

”Thanks!” Laura says, racing in. She locks the door behind her and yanks down her jeans and knickers just in time.

Sighing with relief she pees for a good minute before her stream stops. She pulls her clothes back up and is happy to have made it completely dry. After all she is a big girl, who shouldn’t have accidents.

She opens the door: “Your t....”

Laura is stopped dead in her tracks. She is facing her two year older sister, in drenched light blue jeans and a puddle. “What the fuck!” She screams.

“I...I really h..had to go too”, Natalia explains, “but seeing you, almost peeing your pants... I...I just wanted to be a nice big sister and let you go first. But then I could hear you go through the door and......” Natalia says bursting into tears.

Not knowing what to do, Laura tries to calm her sister down, but to no avail. And to her dismay, Natalia will have to make the walk of shame back to her seat.

“Poor her” is all Laura can think to herself. “Poor her”

*004*2018-07-19 04:34

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that story

}}

{{7 hours ago, insomea said:

Amazing! Please write a sequel!

}}

{{16 minutes ago, Gaz_h said:

Loved it !

}}

Thanks!

*005*2018-07-27 05:23

So since I got requested to write a sequel, here it is. Hope you enjoy!

Upon arriving, the sisters race towards their connecting train. Natalia, still wearing her wet jeans, gets stared and pointed at.

The next train ride takes about 30 minutes. The girls spend it in silence, Natalia is hoping her jeans dry quickly, Laura is thinking of a way to make her sister feel better.

When the train pulls into their station, Natalia’s jeans have dried, so at least her aunt and uncle can’t see she had an accident. She hopes they won’t be able to smell it either.

During the 15 minute car ride to their aunt’s and uncle’s chateau in a forest on the outskirts of Paris, the girls catch up with their aunt and uncle, and much to Natalia’s delight, not a word is spoken about pee.

At the chateau, the girls will be staying at a separate guesthouse, and for the occasion, their fifteen year old cousin, Anna, will be sleeping there as well.

The girls are quick to try out their beds, noticing a strange crinkling sound.

“What’s that sound?”, Natalia asks.

“Protective bedsheets” Anna says, blushing bright red, “I must admit I still have nighttime accidents. I guess my mom had the maid do all our beds with protective covering for some reason”.

“Don’t worry about it. I actually wet myself today”, Natalia says.

“And I almost did”, Laura adds.

And so, the girls tell their cousin about their adventurous train ride.

“Please keep it from your parents”, Laura asks at the end.

“No problem”, Anna says.

Just then, dinner is ready. As neither of the sisters have gone since the train, Natalia heads to the toilet first.

“Don’t you have to go?”, she asks her sister.

“No, I’m good”, she lies. In fact she does have to go. But knowing her bed has prtotective sheets, she found the perefect way to make her sister feel better. She’s gonna wet the bed.

TO BE CONTINUED

P.s. I know no wetting yet, but trust me, there’s plenty on its way!

*006*2018-07-27 10:34

During dinner Laura can feel her bladder filling. And when, around 9 o’clock, the three girls head back to the guesthouse to watch a film, she is slightly fidgety.

The girls set themselves up with plenty of drinks and snacks. And after half an hour Laura can hardly sit still.

“You need to pee, don’t you?” Natalia asks.

“Kinda”, Laura says.

“You know I can pause it for you” Anna adds.

“I’ll wait till the end, thanks”, Laura says, knowing full well she won’t be able to hold it another hour and a half. And to make sure of that, she refills her empty glass with coke and quickly gulps it down.

Fifteen minutes later, she feels a leak. Instinctively, she grabs herself with both hands. As all three are just wearing knickers and a t-shirt, no pants or bras, she can see a coin sized wet spot on her knickers. Too engaged in the film, neither Natalia nor Anna notices anything.

But that changes five minutes later, as she leaks again. This time she’s unable to stop it, and a hissing sound fills the room.

“Are you... are you peeing?” Natalia asks rhetorically.

“I..I’m s...sorry. I could...couldn’t hold it”, Laura stammers. Despite the fact she was planning on having an accident, she still feels deeply embarassed.

“Then why didn’t you go to the toilet?”, Natalia continues.

Not knowing what to say, Laura decides to come clean.

“So you did this to make me feel better? You didn’t have to do that silly face, it was my own fault. What do you think about it Anna?”, Natalia says confused.

“Well to be honest, I don’t really care. I told you about my nighttime accidents, but sometimes when I’m in bed and I need to pee, I just let go. Everybody thinks it was an accident in my sleep, so no one really knows. So yeah, I don’t really care, for all I know peeing in bed is just as normal as peeing in a toilet”, Anna says.

“Wow that’s... that’s... I don’t know what that is. It’s both genious and nasty at the same time”, Natalia says.

“I think it’s just genious”, Laura says, “I mean how often do you lie in bed all nice and comfy and then bang! You need to pee. It’s really annoying to get up you know.”

Anna doesn’t say a word, but completely agrees. And seceretly, she feels her bladder filling.

TO BE CONTINUED

*009*2018-07-27 16:23

{{23 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is great

}}

Thanks!

*010*2018-07-27 20:09

After the film ends the girls talk for a couple more hours until they decide it’s time to sleep, at around one in the morning.

The girls switch off the lights and wish eachother a good night’s rest. And then, when all is quiet, a hiss fills the room.

“Anna, are you peeing?”, Laura asks.

“Told you I don’t like to get up”, Anna replies.

“Ewww. Nasty!”, Natalia says.

Minutes later all three of them are soundly sleeping. Until the clock strikes 5 in the morning.

Laura has woken up from her full bladder.

“Apparently, I have filled up again after my ‘acccident’ last evening”, she thinks to herself. For a couple of minutes she squirms around, before deciding it’s too much of an effort and deciding to go to the bathroom.

But the she remembers what Anna did, and decides she’ll just wet the bed again. She tries pushing her pee out, but to no avail.

“Damn, how hard can wetting the bed be?” she whispers to herself.

“Just try to relax”, Anna - who also woke up with a need to pee - answers.

“Sorry, did I wake you up?”, Laura says surprised.

“No. This time I woke before I peed in my sleep. But I really need to go again”, Anna answers. “Wanna try it together?”

“Okay then”.

“Okay. Close your eyes and breathe slowly”, Anna says. “Now try to relax all your muscles”.

Within seconds, Anna starts peeing, again soaking her bed, knickers and t-shirt.

But Laura can’t get her stream going. Everytime she feels her pee almost escaping her pussy, her instincts take over, and she automatically clenches shut. “I don’t think it’s working”, she says.

“Just try and keep relaxing, it took me some effort at first too. After all, you’re trying to override years of bladder training” Anna says.

“How long have you been intentionally wetting the bed for?”

“I’ve had weekly accidents ever since I can remember, but the last two years I’ve wet my bed at least three times a week intentionally”.

Finally, Laura’s pee starts to come out. Soon soaking her bedsheets, knickers and tank top she’s wearing to bed.

“Great job!” Anna compliments her. “But now comes the hard part. You need to fall back asleep in a wet bed.”

Indeed, Anna falls back asleep in minutes, while Laura lays in her cold wet bed for another hour before falling back asleep.

TO BE CONTINUED

*012*2018-07-27 20:31

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent I am so loving this

}}

Thanks! Great to hear!

*014*2018-07-28 05:25

!attention! The following chapter contains underage nudity, but in my opinion it’s necessary for the story, especially later on. Hope I don’t turn people away from reading it now!

========

The next morning, Natalia is the last to wake up.

“I’m bursting for a wee”, she says yawning, “ aren’t you?”

“No. We took care of it in the middle of the night”, Laura proudly says.

“You mean you pissed the bed again?”, Natalia says.

“Well, as Anna said, if you’re all nice and comfy, why bother getting out?”

“Because I’m an adult and properly potty trained. Anyway I’m gonna go use the bathroom now”, Natalia says.

“Booooring”, Anna says mockingly.

After Natalia finishes her pee in the toilet, the girls take turns to shower, and just as the last one’s finished, the maid comes to bring them breakfast.

“Thank you very much!”, the girls say.

Breakfast consists of the usual croissants and baguette, along with freshly squeezed orange juice, coffee and water.

After breakfast Anna suggests they walk around the forest the chateau is situated in.

Laura and Natalia agree and thus they set off, having packed some leftovers from breakfast to eat for lunch and plenty of water.

After two hours, Natalia has gone suspiciously quiet.

“You allright sis?”, Laura asks, “you seam so quiet”.

“Yeah, just... how far is it back to the chateau? Cuz I really have to pee”?

“About an hour at least”, Anna says, “but feel free to pop a squat wherever you want”.

“No I’ll hold it till I can get to a toilet”, Natalia says stubbornly.

But Anna has no intention on returning, instead she leads her cousins deeper into the woods, towards a small pond. Until fifteen minutes later she hears a moan from behind her. She turns around and sees Natalia standing, bend over, both hands buried in her crotch.

“I think a little came out”, she says, blushing with shame.

“Just squat already”, Anna says.

“No. I’m fine I got it back under contro.. ahhhh”, she moans again losing a large spurt. Her light grey cotton shorts are now visibly wet.

“Look sis. Stop being so prudish, you’re either gonna pull down those shorts and pop a squat, or full on wet them”, Laura says.

Knowing full well her sister is right, Natalia decides it’s best to pull her shorts down. But as soon as she moves her hands from her crotch to her waistband, the floodgates open.

Ashamed, she just let’s nature take it’s course, knowing full well she - a twenty year old girl - has wet herself twice in as manny days. Her shorts are soaked and a sizeable puddle has formed on the ground. Some has even run down her legs into her shoes, getting her socks and feet wet as well.

“Now what do I do?”, she asks.

“It’s thirty degrees out here, they’ll dry in no time”, Anna says.

Indeed when the girls get to the pond twenty minutes later, her shorts have mostly dried, but her knickers and socks are still more than damp.

Despite that, all three of them decide to sit down for lunch.

“I need to cool off for a bit, who’s gonna join me taking a plunge in the pond?”, Laura asks.

Both Natalia and Anna decline, as they aren’t wearing bikinis.

“Neither am I, silly heads. I meant skinny dipping”, Laura says already taken her top and bra off. Her shorts and knickers soon follow. She reveals her stunning body to her sister and cousin. And stunning it is, with long light brown hair, beautifully firm c-cup breasts and a nice firm bottom, her tight pussy completely bare.

Natalia, always having been more prudish than her sister, hesitantly starts undressing herself. With the made up excuse that it will help her knickers dry. She has always been a natural blond. And with small b-cup breasts and a nearly flat ass, her body features are significantly smaller than her younger sister’s. Her pussy, though, is equally tight and bare.

Fifteen year old Anna, despite being so open about peeing, is a lot more shy when it comes to showing her developing body of her 18 and 20 year old, well developed cousins. But after some careful thought she decides to join her cousins.

“Please don’t make fun of my body”, she begs.

“Don’t worry, we’ve both been 15, we know what it’s like to be insecure about our bodies”, Natalia says.

“Absolutely”, Laura adds.

This causes Anna to lose her inhibitions and she soon is naked too. Truth be told, she has nothing to be shy about, her long brown hair perfectly complements het breasts that are at least equal in size as Natalia’s and her butt is nice and round. Her tight pussy is hidden by a messy bush, that obviously has never seen a razor.

“Jesus! Your boobs are bigger than mine at your age”, Laura says, causing all three of them to giggle.

Then, the girls run into the pond and cool off.

Fifteen minutes later, they get back out, and take sit in the sun a bit to dry. Soon, they decide to head back to the chateau.

“But first, I gotta pee”, Anna says as she gets up. She spreads her legs wide and let’s loose. Both her cousins are quick to join her and the three of them make a nice puddle each before putting their clothes back on.

TO BE CONTINUED

*017*2018-07-28 15:49

{{10 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter

}}

{{1 hour ago, Manowar said:

Totally agreed.

}}

Thanks!

*018*2018-07-29 05:53

The girls arrive back at the chateau in time to join dinner, but not without Natalia freshening up to remove a pee smell.

Afterwards, they return to the guesthouse.

“Do you mind if I go lay in bed naked?”, Anna asks. “I normally sleep naked, but I was shy yesterday, but after our experiences earlier today, not so much. Plus I don’t get any clothes wet if I have an accident”.

“Be my guest”, Laura says. “In fact, that sounds perfect!”, she continues while starting to undress. “Care to join us, sis?”

Hesitantly, Natalia agrees. And thus the three girls slide under their blanket without any clothes on. They gossip for hours, about boys, school and all kinds of stuff. Until finally they decide to sleep.

The next morning, Laura and Natalia wake up with achingly full bladders. Anna’s, however, is empty.

“Oops. I think I had a little accident”, she says feeling the cold bedding around. “Oh, well”, she shrugs it off.

“Yeah right. An ‘accident’”, Laura giggles.

“Honestly, I didn’t wake up at all”, Anna says.

“Okay then. But anyway, I really gotta go, and I wanna see what it looks like to wet the bed”, Laura says, pulling her blanket away from her revealing her naked body. She spreads her legs a little and tries to let go of her pee, but after a few tries, nothing has come out.

But then, a few drops escape her, running down her ass crack, dampening her butt and the sheets below it. A few more drops, and then a full on stream, producing a rather loud hiss.

With great interest, both Laura and Anna stare at Laura’s pussy. A golden arch is formed from it to her bedsheets. The wetness quickly spreads all over her bedsheets. A small puddle even forms at her butt, where the waterproof sheets do what they’re supposed to do.

“Great arch you’re making there”, Anna says, still staring intently at her cousin’s pussy.

“Haha. Thanks.... I guess”, Laura giggles, as her stream slowly dies down.

“Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m gonna use the toilet like a normal person”, Natalia says, obviously not interested in the show her sister has put up.

“Come on sis, don’t be so boring”, Laura giggles. But her begs are ignored by Natalia.

Afterwards the girls shower and have breakfast, before deciding they’re gonna visit Paris today.

Her aunt and uncle are nice enough to let Natalia drive their car, and within half an hour they find a parking spot in the centre of Paris.

They wander around sightseeing for hours, with short interruptions for drinks and lunch. Until around seven, they decide to sit down for dinner.

They choose a nice little bistro, and enjoy great food. After dinner they head back to the car.

Just mere meters away from the car, Natalia spots a public restroom.

“I really have to go”, she says.

“Wouldn’t recommend those things, they’re absolutely disgusting”, Anna says.

But Natalia opens the door anyway, but soon changes her mind. “We better hurry back then”, she says, “I haven’t gone since this morning”.

“Agreed!”, Anna says, “I haven’t gone since my nighttime accident, and I don’t think Laura has gone since her show this morning”.

A little smile confirms Laura’s predicament.

Hence, the girls quickly make their way back home. But then, traffic. A wreck down the road has left only one lane out of three open and thus traffic crawls on very slowly.

In a matter of minutes, all three girls have their legs crossed and a hand buried in their crotch. None of them can sit still, as they constantly bounce in their sear. Only wondering what the people in the car behind them are thinking.

Then, Anna starts moaning:” Ahhhh. Some drops came out”.

“Hold it. You can’t be wetting your parents car”, Laura says.

“Oh. Wouldn’t be the first time”, Anna answers to Laura’s and Natalia’s surprise.

“What! I thought you only had nighttime accidents”, Natalia says.

“No. I have accidents in my sleep. And I get sleepy on long roadtrips. So you do the math”, Anna says, feeling a three second spurt escape wetting her knickers.

“Were your parents mad?”, Laura asks.

“No they were really cool about it”.

“Good. I hope they’ll treat me the same cause I leaked some too”, Laura says.

This causes Anna to giggle, and a hiss tells it caused her to lose control. A puddle rapidly forms on her seat, which quickly overflows, creating a waterfall.

The sound of their cousin’s accident is too much to handle for both Laura and Natalia and soon they create their own waterfalls.

While Anna and Laura are barely touched by their respective accidents, Natalia is visibly upset she wet herself for the third time in three days.

Her sister and cousin try to comfort her, with limited success.

TO BE CONTINUED

*020*2018-07-29 06:41

{{26 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I am loving this

}}

Thanks.

And here’s another chapter you’ll hopefully enjoy.

Anna, blushing bright red, explains her parents what happened. They don’t seem to care, and have the maid clean the car. All three decide to help her as they feel incredibly guilty.

Afterwards, Natalia announces she’s gonna take a shower.

“I’m not gonna bother, as I’ll probably be covered in pee during the night again”, Anna says.

“Me neither”, Laura adds.

With Natalia in the shower, Anna and Laura discuss peeing. “So when was the last time you had an accident?”, Anna asks.

“When I was ten, I made a habit of asking to go to the bathroom whenever I was bored in class. But at some point my reacher would just refuse, as she knew I didn’t actually have to pee. Until one day I really did have to go badly, I begged and plead, but she still wouldn’t let me go. Then, without any warning dribbles like I had today, the floodgates just opened, and I full on wet myself in my jeans and on my chair”, Laura tells.

“What did the teacher do?”, Anna asks intrigued.

“She apologised and got me some spare clothes. But now it’s your turn. Tell me about your last daytime accident. True accident”, Laura giggles.

“There’s an old treehouse in the woods. I can show you tomorrow maybe. One day, when I was eight, I was playing there all by myself. Don’t ask me what I was playing, but I was totally caught up in it. So much, that I ignored all the signs of having to pee. I even remember I put a hand under my dress to hold myself, but as I kept on playing. Then it just happened, but for some reason I didn’t really care and just kept playing. Long enough to have my knickers dry by the time I came home for dinner”, Anna says.

“So your parents never found out?”, Laura asks spellbound.

“No, and as I was having regular nighttime accidents I didn’t think much of it”, Anna says, just as Natalia emerges from the bathroom, completely naked.

“Now it’s your turn sis. Tell us about your last accident before the one on the train”, Laura commands her sister.

“I was four years old and in kindergarten. I was playing outside, until I couldn’t hold it any longer. That’s it”, Natalia says. Obviously uninterested in sharing any more details.

TO BE CONTINUED 

*023*2018-07-29 14:51

The next morning two of the girls wake up covered in pee; Anna has had another accident while asleep and Laura woke up but didn’t feel like getting up.

“Jesus. Am I the only adult here?”, Natalia exclaims.

“If by adult you mean keeping your bed dry, then yes”, Laura says giggling.

After breakfast and showers the girls head to Anna’s old treehouse. They packed lots of drinks and food so they can spend the entire day there.

After a thirty minute hike the girls arrive at the treehouse. Since it’s a scorchingly hot day, all three are wearing tank tops and shorts, and all have already finished a bottle of water upon arrival.

“Before we climb up.... I forgot to go before we left”, Anna says, already yanking down her shorts and knickers. She squats down and lets a thirty second pee flow.

The girls sit in the treehouse for a couple of hours, until Laura has to pee. She decides to put up a show and completely removes her shorts and knickers. She sits on the edge of the treehouse, her pussy just over the edge. Then she lets fly, creating a forty-five second long waterfall down to the earth, four meters below her. Upon finishing she says:”I’m bored here. And hot, let’s cool off in the pond”.

Natalia and Laura agree and thus the girls grab their stuff and get moving, Laura still being bottomless.

During the fifteen minute walk, Natalia is extremely quiet.

“You need to pee again, don’t you?” Laura asks.

Natalia just quietly nodds.

“If you want you can squat hidden behind a tree”, Anna suggests.

“No! Thanks, I’ll hold it until we get back to the guesthouse”, Natalia replies annoyed.

“Aww come on sis, we all know that’s not gonna happen. So either you’re gonna pop a squat or you’ll end up in wet shorts again”, Laura says.

Knowing her sister is right, and desperately not wanting her wetting streak to continue, Natalia ventures off the path to squat near a tree.

When she returns a couple of minutes later, she sees her cousin is now bottomless too. She gives her a weird look.

“What?!” Anna says. “I needed to go too, and since I don’t mind people watching me I just did it right here waiting for you”, she continues, with droplets still dripping down from her bush.

Minutes later they arrive at the pond, where all three of them quickly bare it all and race to the water.

“Finally, some relieve from the heat”, Natalia says.

“Yeah finally! I have an idea. Why don’t we sleep here, under the starry sky tonight?”, Anna suggests.

Her cousins happily agree.

TO BE CONTINED

