Taking Requests

Author: kurama

*000*2010-10-29 17:55

I haven't ever written any fanfics, but have several unpublished novels in various states of planning or incompletion.

I don't have an awful lot of time to spend on writing fanfic at the moment, and I reserve the right to reject any request for any or no reason.

Some things that are helpful for me to know:

Setting, Characters, Situation, Stylization. I have not actually watched many animes, but have read and enjoyed some mangas. Requests for characters, situations, or just entire 'worlds' from anime are of course welcomed. I have also read many older novels and can do periodic or periodic/anime/other fiction crossover work. Feel free to ask for something a la War and Peace, Sherlock Holmes, etc, etc. Whether you give me a really vague idea or a whole plot laid out, it's probably all the same to me. I need practice, I enjoy writing concerning this fetish [although I have only a few surviving works...maybe I'll post some of my older stuff if I go back through my files and find any], and you get free specialized fanfics, so come one, come all!

Also please specify the length you want, and whether you want light reading, normal, or a heavier, more descriptive and eloquent, but slower paced, flow [no pun intended]. Longer and more intensive stories will obviously take longer, and I'm not going to write anyone a series, but I'm pretty willing overall. Also, if you have more than one idea, don't be afraid to throw a lot at me at once, I'll work through them either in sequence or just in whatever order I feel like.

So have at it!

Oh yeah, also I'm new here, this is my first post. Thanks for omorashitube! And Rurouni Kenshin is my favorite manga probably.

*002*2010-11-02 21:43

I'll get to it. Also, is there any meaning to the letters (E,Y,W) or are they just meant to differentiate between the women?

