First Day At Hogwarts

Author: Kayley

*000*2012-08-27 22:34

First Day

Classes started an hour ago with Transfiguration, Professor McGonagall which will be finishing soon and then it will be onto Potions in the dungeons with Professor Snape. Most students were getting on well or they seemed to be, Harry on the other hand was acting like everyone else but was getting nervous as his bladder was becoming more known to him and the only bathroom’s Harry knew of, for the moment, were in the dormitories, he knew he couldn’t go between classes without being late. Lunch was only two hours away so he would ask someone then. Transfigurations finished, Potions started. Only one hour and forty-five minuets left.

Harry briefly remembered the way Professor Snape was looking at him in The Great Hall last night and thinks better of it to ask him a question that is needed in front of the whole class. Gryffindor and Slytherin houses mixed for Potions so everyone would surely hear. Sighing Harry went back to the work at hand although with forty-five minuets left of class he just could not concentrate on anything other than how badly he had to pee, fidgeting in his seat he thinks back to last night in the dorm’s where Professor McGonagall did say bathroom breaks during classes can be granted under certain circumstances, shifting again Harry hoped he would fall in that category and hesitantly raises his hand to get the Professors attention which works as the Professor instantly looks up from his desk and voices,

“Yes Potter?”

Feeling as though every pair of eyes in the room are looking towards him as he slowly lowers his hand and replies seemingly confident,

“Professor could you please excuse me, I really need to use the bathroom, urgently?”

Hearing mutters from the rest of the class Harry thinks ‘Oh God, This isn’t happening’ with his eyes closed, reopening them he sees the stern look on Professor Snape’s face who then stands and walks around his desk to lean on the other side. He continues with

“I think there is something you should all be aware of regarding the question Mr. Potter has just asked, after this week being excused from my classes will cease. As for this week I have been advised to lay some slack with it being your first week here, as you all know you have my classes three times this week and exceptions will be made, excuses for other reasons to leave class will be taken into account. The nearest bathroom‘s from here are situated either side of The Great Hall, boys on the left and girls on the right, they are also used by members of staff”

Harry just having endured that torture feels about ready to burst when Professor Snape finally answers Harry’s question with

“Yes, Potter you may go”

Harry feels so relieved at these words that he jumps up out of his seat and through the door as fast as he can.

Ten minuets later Harry walks back into class with a note for Professor Snape which read

‘I caught Mr. Potter exiting the bathroom’s near the great hall, in future would you please ensure that student’s have permission notes, Thank You

Minerva McGonagall’

Thankful when Snape nodded, Harry retook his seat, for not being in trouble and that he had relieved himself before anything embarrassing could of happened. By the evening everyone except one student from Gryffindor had asked for a bathroom permission note thanks to Harry asking probably the most strictest teacher in the school, everyone felt a bit more confident and all in all had an eventful day. Before Harry fell asleep that night he couldn’t help but think

‘Well only seven more years of this.’

