The Legend of Zelda: Link's Desperation

Author: PrinceOfThePee

*000*2013-06-17 14:57

So, this is an Omo I wrote about Link from "The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess". I found Link extremely attractive in this game and couldn't wait to write an omo about him. Hope you guys like it!!

###

The sun was rising over Hyrule field, illuminating the light colored stone of the Bridge of Eldin. Link slept nearby, sprawled out on the grass in a tangle of blankets. Midna was watching him, floating a few inches above Epona's saddle. She didn't have the same need to sleep that humans did. She could sleep a few hours and then be wide-awake for days. So she usually got very bored while Link was sleeping, and would think about her life as the Twilight Princess before she had been turned into an imp, and obsessing over revenge on Zant. But she grew tired of that at times, and that's when she would start thinking up amusing situations Link could possibly end up in. Amusing to her anyway; Link probably wouldn't be too happy being in the situations Midna thought up.

The sun reached a point where its rays reached Midna, and she floated off of Epona and over to Link. Midna shook Link to rouse him before melting into his shadow, where she would be safe from the sun. Link opened his large blue eyes and sat up, trying to untangle himself from his blanket. Once he was free he folded it over once, then rolled it up and fastened it to the back of Epona's saddle.

“Link, we need to go to the Snowpeak Ruins to find the next mirror shard.” Midna said, a tone of slight impatience in her voice. Link nodded and started putting on his clothes and gear. It took a few minutes to put on his chain mail shirt and tunic over the long sleeve shirt he had slept in, his belt, pouches of supplies, arm guards, hat, shield, and sword. He bent over to put on his boots and felt a familiar pressure in his lower abdomen. His bladder was full. Quite full actually, since he had forgotten to pee before he went to sleep the night before.

Link turned and headed for a nearby tree he could pee behind, but was slowed down by Midna, still in the form of a shadow, pulling on the back of his tunic.

“Wait, Link, we have to get that mirror shard!” Midna said. “You already wasted enough time sleeping, can't you hold it?” Link wasn't sure how long he could, but he nodded anyway. “Good! Now let's go.” Midna turned Link into a wolf and warped the two of them to Zora's Domain. They splashed into the pool of water in the Zora's throne room, and a second later Midna turned Link back into a human, retreating to his shadow again.

Landing in a pool of water, within hearing of a waterfall, was not good for Link's full bladder. He considered just peeing in the water, but he knew if he did the Zoras would be angry with him for defiling their sacred water. So he clenched his muscles and swam toward the waterfall. He climbed up onto the platform that was submerged underwater and buried his hands in his crotch, trying to ignore the sound of water rushing past his boots and down into the large pond below. Midna made a noise of impatience, and Link straightened up quickly.

“Just hold it, I know you can.” Midna said. Sighing, Link walked to the edge of the platform, jumped back into the water, and let it carry him down into the pond below. He swam to the closest bank quickly and climbed out of the water. His bladder throbbed painfully, begging to be released. Link's wet clothes weren't helping. They dripped water and invited his bladder to just release since he was wet already. Link groaned and held his penis through his pants, trying to give himself some relief so he could keep holding on. Midna giggled from his shadow, causing Link to blush in embarrassment. He removed his hands from his crotch and hurried into the cave-like passageway that led to Snowpeak.

The passageway wasn't very long, but to Link it felt like hours of walking into increasingly cold air with a full to bursting bladder. When they got to the end, Midna turned him into a wolf and hid in his shadow, though Link could feel her weight on his back. He sniffed around a little, and using his wolf senses he located the smell of reekfish. He set off after it, climbing up the snowy mountain.

Link could feel his bladder throbbing with every step he took, and he was fighting his wolf instincts to just lift his leg and pee in the snow. He knew it wouldn't take long if he did...Just a few minutes and he'd feel amazing relief...

Suddenly he found himself skidded to a halt with one of his rear legs in the air. His instincts took over and he began peeing forcefully into the snow. He hadn't even begun to feel relief however, when Midna smacked his on the back of the head and turned him back into his human form.

Link panicked, feeling pee soaking into his pants while he was on all fours with his right leg raised in the air, and he quickly got on his knees and grabbed his member with both hands, trying to force himself to stop peeing. It seemed impossible. He was just beginning to feel euphoric relief, and urine kept dribbling into his underwear despite his grip on his member.

“Link!” Midna shrieked angrily, “Stop peeing right now, or I'll warp us straight to Arbiter's Grounds and leave you in a room full of redeads!”

Well that sure got Link to stop. He whimpered and forced his sphincter muscles shut, stopping the dribbles. He didn't feel even close to empty, but he had let enough out that he thought he might have a chance of holding it for a while longer. His bladder still screamed for relief, and it was hard not to keep peeing once he had started. But he got to his feet, giving himself a few rubs to try and hold out for a little longer. Midna giggled.

“Keep moving. I'll let you go after we get the next mirror shard.”

Link squeezed himself and rubbed his thighs together while Midna watched from his shadow in fascination. She wanted to see just how long he could go without emptying his bladder. The human's need to urinate fascinated Midna. She had no need such as that, and she felt a strange, perverse pleasure watching Link struggle to fight his body's needs. Midna had been watching Link while he slept, and upon noticing him grab himself in his sleep occasionally she realized he had forgotten to relieve himself before he had gone to bed. She thought he looked incredibly cute standing there in slightly wet pants, holding himself. He looked much younger, and Midna found it adorable.

Link moaned as his bladder throbbed painfully, and he gave up all decency and stuck his hands down his wet pants to hold his penis better. He rubbed and squeezed until he felt some control back, and after he had mastered himself a bit he pulled his hands out of his pants, straightened up, rearranged his tunic, and continued walking up the mountain.

When he got to the top he saw a large tree and an even bigger creature that looked kind of like a yeti. The yeti-creature punched the tree, causing one of the frozen leaves to fall into the snow. It then put one foot onto the leaf and began sliding down the steep slope before him.

Link looked down at the slope and scanned the horizon, looking for some sign of the Snowpeak Ruins. He finally saw what looked like the roof of a large building, and Link groaned when he realized he'd have to slide down the slope like the yeti had. He rubbed himself through his damp pants a few times, then took a deep breath and rolled into the tree.

The impact into the tree jarred his bladder, and Link gasped as he felt a few more drops of urine leak into his underwear. He knelt in the cold snow with his thighs squeezed together, holding his penis in an iron grip. He looked at his shadow with pleading eyes, trying to convince Midna to let him pee. But Midna only giggled mockingly.

Link gave himself a few more rubs, then stood up. He walked over to the leaf that had fallen to the ground and got on it, then felt himself begin to slide down the slope.

It was torture for poor Link. Every little bump jarred his bladder, and he couldn't hold himself because he had to hold out his arms for balance. But at long last, he made it to the bottom of the slope. He slid past where the snow turned to ice covered cobblestone, and the frozen leaf his the stone and shattered, causing Link to fall flat on his face. He lost control of his bladder for a moment and he leaked a little more into his underwear before he managed to grab his member and stop the flow. He stuck his hands down his pants and rubbed and squeezed for a full minute. Link now had a slight erection, and it actually helped him hold his pee. He sighed when he felt the slight relief and got to his feet, blushing slightly when he realized Midna had probably just watched him give himself a hard-on.

Link hurried up the stone steps and opened the double doors of the large, falling-down house. He walked through the entryway, trying to keep his gait smooth and steady so he wouldn't leak again. He got to another set of double doors and went through, finding himself in a large living room with a fireplace.

The room was quite warm, and Link felt the frozen urine on his pants begin to thaw and tease his bladder again. He gritted his teeth and stepped toward a figure about his size that sat near the fireplace. He wanted to get this over quickly so he could release all of the urine that was stretching his poor bladder.

“Hello? We're looking for a mirror shard.” Midna had come out of Link's shadow and was addressing the figure near the fireplace. It looked kind of yeti-ish too, but much smaller and furrier. "About this big?” Midna gestured with her hands.

“Uh? Mirror? Oh....This mirror?” the yeti pointed to a large mirror shard sitting on a nearby table.

“Yes, that's it! Can we please have it?”

“Uh...husband give mirror to me...” the yeti mumbled, “Uh.....yes....take mirror.”

“Great, thanks!” Midna grabbed the mirror shard.

Meanwhile, Link's bladder begging for release. He did have a particularly strong bladder, but even he had his limits. Link shoved his hands into his crotch and began doing a very energetic pee-pee dance, much to his embarrassment.

“Uh...he okay?” the yeti pointed at Link.

“Oh, yes he's fine. Well bye now!” Midna quickly warped herself and Link out of the Snowpeak Ruins.

* * *

Link began waking up before he even realized he had been sleeping. He was sitting in a grassy area, with his back propped against a rock. To his horror he heard running water nearby that made him realize his growing desperation.

Oh no, oh no, oh no! Link thought, hands darting to his crotch. He then heard a soft giggle that made him open his eyes and jump in surprise.

“So...How are you doing?” Midna floated a few feet away from him, protected by the shadow of the tall cliff they were near.

Link whimpered and moaned, squeezing himself to stop himself from leaking. He tried to get up so that he could whip himself out of his pants to pee, but found himself unable to move more than a few inches. Midna giggled, watching him struggle.

“You can't move silly. You can cross your legs and hold yourself, but you can't get up.” She grinned evilly. Link looked at her in horror. She wanted to watch him struggle not to pee himself! Tears of desperation clouded his vision as he crossed his legs tightly and rubbed his member. He couldn't hold on for much longer. He was at his limit.

“Nearly 24 hours...Wow.” Midna whispered, floating closer. “Just a little bit longer Link...” She reached out and touched his rock-hard bladder with her small hand. Her eyes widened with surprise. “You're really full, aren't you?” she pushed on his bladder, causing Link to gasp and whimper in pain. “I forced you to sleep for four hours.” she explained. “If you hold it for thirty more minutes, you'll have been holding it for a full twenty-four hours. After drinking lots of water yesterday and having two cups of tea with dinner. Do you think you can make it?” Link shook his head, tears running down his cheeks. “Hmmm....I think you can...” Midna felt Link's bladder again, grinning.

Ohh...I have to go so bad...Oh Farore make her stop! Link squirmed and twisted his legs, whimpering in pain and humiliation. He had never had to pee this bad in his life! Not even when he and Ilia had had a drinking contest to see who could drink the most tea and hold it the longest. She had given up after only two hours, but Link had been able to hold on for four before he gave up and went, wanting to save himself from the embarrassment of displaying his urge to go in front of Ilia.

Twenty minutes of squirming, twisting, and squeezing later, Link was losing his battle. He was leaking occasionally, and he was sure he had a large wet spot on his pants that would spread to his tunic if he leaked anymore. His bladder gave a particularly violent spasm, and he leaked for a whole four seconds before he managed to stop the flow. He could now see a small wet spot on his tunic. And unfortunately, so could Midna.

Midna lifted up his tunic and chain-mail shirt and grabbed Link's wrist. He still had an iron grip on his member, so when Midna pulled on his wrist to take his hand out of his pants, Link's penis came with it too. Midna stared at it in fascination. She had seen Link's penis before of course, when he had taken bathroom breaks and would forget that Midna was in his shadow and could see everything he was doing, but she had never seen it this close before. She reached out and touched it, feeling it quiver slightly and harden a little at the unfamiliar touch. Link shuddered and glared at her. But Midna ignored him and stroked Link's penis gently, very curious about humans now.

“Do all humans have one like this?” Midna asked. Link shook his head. “What, only you?” Link shook his head again. “Hmm...” she thought for a minute, then remembered the different sexes of the humans and that half of them had two bumps on their chests. Link did not. “Oh...only...” she tried to remember the word, “males have them?” Link nodded. Midna found this fascinating. Her people were nothing like humans. “Then what do females have?” she blurted out suddenly. Link blushed crimson and shrugged, not wanting to explain the anatomy of females to Midna of all people. He had already had to have that talk with Colyn, since Colyn's dad had told Link that Colyn looked up to him more and would probably rather have a man-to-man talk with him instead.

Link's bladder took his moment of being distracted as an opportunity to empty itself. Link moaned in agony as he stopped another leak, this one lasting almost ten seconds. Midna watched in fascination as the golden liquid dribbled out of the end of Link's penis. Tears streamed down his face and his breathing was ragged. Midna looked at him sympathetically.

“Does it really hurt, Link?” she asked. Link nodded, moaning as another wave of desperation overtook him. Midna released the invisible bonds on Link and floated away from him. “Okay....you can go now.”

Link struggled with himself for a minute. He was bursting, and so desperate that he wasn't sure if he could even stand, let alone walk. He gritted his teeth and forced himself into a kneeling position, aimed himself toward a small slope in the ground so he wouldn't end up sitting in a huge puddle of pee, and relaxed.

Hot urine shot out of the end of his member and thudded to the ground, quickly puddling up. Midna stared as the puddle grew. She hadn't ever seen him pee this much before. Link peed for a full minute before he even began to feel relief. He moaned loudly in pleasure as his bladder shrunk back down to its normal size and he felt the euphoric feeling of relief. It felt amazing. Another minute passed before the stream slowed down, and finally the last few drops trickled out.

Link tucked himself back into his pants and slumped over in the grass, breathing heavily. He hadn't ever felt this much relief before, and even though his bladder still throbbed occasionally he felt a kind of pleasure he had never felt before.

“Wow....” Midna whispered. She floated over to Link and ran her hand over his now flat, well muscled abdomen. “Do you feel better?” Link nodded, still breathing heavily. Midna smiled. She felt on odd feeling down between her legs that she couldn't quite explain, but she knew that she wanted to see Link desperate like this again. “Want to go for a swim to clean up?” Midna asked, pointing to the nearby waters of Lake Hylia. Link nodded and sat up. He stripped off everything except his pants and underwear and waded into the water. Midna watched from the bank, feeling a strange emotion toward Link that she had never felt before. She wasn't sure what to call it, but she found herself wanting to touch Link's penis again and explore every inch of his muscled body with her hands. But maybe some other time...when he was completely desperate again....

*002*2013-07-27 14:48

Haha, thank you Ramma! Do you think I should write another chapter to this?

*006*2013-09-17 05:09

{{:

Could you do one with a desperate Midna? :x

}}

O.o Does Midna even have a bladder?

