Unnamed Story

Author: LedinWind

*000*2011-09-13 18:25

OOC: Alright, I've had this in my mind for quite a while now, but just now starting it. This is only the first part so, it's nothing much at the moment. Tell me if I should keep going and help me out where it's needed! Be nice! First Fiction.

Pant, pant, pant. A voice full of fatigue would soon start to fill the hallway as bloody and sweaty hands would constantly pull and tug at a door that seemed to know that someone wanted to pry it open, so it staid shut and prevented the figure from getting to her salvation. Tried as she might, the door refused to budge. Her heart pounded and she could feel a chill running down her body starting from the top of her head. Tears welled in her eyes as she gave a few more pulls of the handle, but realizing that this was the end for her.

“No… No!” She started to cry as footsteps came closer and closer to her slim frame. The young girl turned on a dime and slammed her body against the door, trying to do anything to get away from the killer that has slain so many visitors to the abandoned church. “Please, I don’t want to die! I… I’m sorry!” She pleaded for her life, her body shaking to an unbelievable extent. One part of her knew that if she didn’t do anything, she would die but, another part of her knew if she tried to do anything she would surely die. The mad man slowly dragged his bloody meat tenderizer against an old table that seen its fair share of beatings since it has been there.

Right as the hammer screeches off the table, the girl’s body went numb and almost lifeless. Her back slid against the door and feel to the floor, realizing that this was the end for her, she was frozen in fear. That doesn’t mean the rest of her body wasn’t cooperating with its normal needs: her bladder contracted from the shock of her butt hitting the ground. Her dusty and body fitting jeans were now quickly growing a darker blue and spreading out from under her rear end and pooling quickly around her feet. If she wasn’t about to die, this sensation of letting go would feel all too great but, this wasn’t the case. As the madman smirked once more and raised his weapon of choice, a blaring alarm cut her out of her terror.

Amber eyes shot open as she was once again constantly being reminded that it was time to get up and start getting ready for school. It was all a dream. Well not a dream, a nightmare. Yeah, that’s it a nightmare. Watching that horror trilogy was a big mistake looking back at it now. It was all good and fun last night, but now she just might be paying for it. Tossing and turning all night and the waking up in a cold sweat… but another sensation was also swarming over her body, mainly between her waist and buttocks. It was a familiar feeling, nothing different from every other night. She had wet the bed and due to the added fear of the nightmare, it was a much heavier wetting than what she usually would produce. The weight of the soiled diaper was nothing but a reminder that her 17, going on 18, year old body just wasn’t ready to catch up with her mind to tell it to stop acting like her bed was nothing but a toilet.

Throwing the covers off her body, Milly, or Mills as a lot of her friends call her, adjusted her pajama top which stopped just short of the plastic waist of her night time diaper. This one was a bit thicker than her other diapers since she could have some kind of opportunity to use a bathroom during the day. Her hair was a frizzy mess and she needed to make a run to the facilities in a morning routine she was used to. Even though she had already emptied her bladder once, even if it was involuntary, the need to go again was already pressing at her.

Right as she started to get her bearings together, that alarm clock went off yet again. Why? She could of sworn that she only set it to go off once… actually, wasn’t that all alarm clocks? Rubbing her, still focusing, eyes, Milly realized that the alarm had blared at least two times before she woke up; which could only mean:

“Oh my God, I’m late!” She cried out, instantly realizing that she had only 20 minutes to get dressed, eat something and manage to sprint to the bus stop before it got there. This was going to be a big stretch. “Crap, crap, crap!” The Senior, soon to be graduate, repeated in a hurried manner. She wasn’t going to be late and, worst of all, walk all the way to school. That was just a big N-O in her options of travel, especially when the school was 2 1/2 miles away from her house.

The school girl vanished into her closet to find her uniform shirt and skirt. After a few seconds of searching, she managed to get dressed in a timely fashion but with two major problems: she didn’t have a bra on nor did she change from her wet overnight diaper though, those two items weren’t on her mind… until she was running down the steps. The wet sloshing seemed to echo heavily in her ears reminded her of her ‘situation’ under her pleated skirt while the cloth of her shirt rubbing against her unprotected chest sent an odd wave across her body. “Oh man, I know I’m going to regret this, but I’m out of time.” Milly reminds herself as she peaked in the kitchen for hopes of an already made plate of breakfast: half of her dreams would be fulfilled.

In the kitchen, there were obvious signs of cooking. The smell of fried sausage, pancakes and the light scent of freshly cut fruits would all hang in the air of the kitchen. Milly’s nose was pummeled by the smell and her stomach quickly agreed, wanting to be filled before anything else was accomplished. A groan passed the girls lips as she flung her bag behind her back, her eyes hungrily eyeing everything in sight. The rest of her family was already gone and starting their day, which always left young Milly by herself to lock up, or to a kitchen like this. “This will have to do.” She grabbed a piece of toast and shoved it in her mouth, then grabbed another for the road, bolting out the door to start the school day.

This was going to be a very long day. She could feel it in the pit of her stomach… or was that something else?

End Chapter 1

*003*2011-09-19 19:57

Working on chapter 2. ^^ That is all

