Zipper (Yuri on ice)

Author: Erase

*000*2017-01-17 03:51

Second YOI fic. I read something on tumblr I think where somebody wanted something like this written.

Enjoy!

It wouldn't be long now until he had to get on the ice. To prepare, Viktor was helping him with a few last minute stretches. They had cameras on them so despite wanting to run to the bathroom quickly before performing, Yuuri couldn't really slip away. He'd been struggling with getting away from the cameras long enough to go all afternoon, but he hadn't managed yet. Upon easing into a split, Yuuri felt his urge increase and a small blush grow over his face. It wasn't too bad yet but Yuuri's nerves were completely shot from the stress of performing.

Yuuri had a bit of a nervous bladder. It was an issue his previous coach was aware of but he'd neglected to mention it to Viktor due to his embarrassment. He knew it would come out eventually but until he started feeling a little more comfortable with Viktor he wasn't sure he could stomach the idea of mentioning such a personal problem.

Viktor helped Yuuri out of his split and ran one of his hands over the younger skaters warm cheek. With a small smile Viktor spoke. "Are you ready?"

There was only 2 or 3 minutes left before the performance and Yuuri felt his anxiety begin to peak. He pressed his thighs together tightly as his urge built. With a short glance toward the hall which lead to the bathrooms, Yuuri nodded. There was no time left to go now.

Viktor felt his own nervousness peak at the slight hesitancy Yuuri seemed to be displaying. He didn't want to unsettle Yuuri, but he could sense something being off. "You seem tense. Are you sure you're ok?"

Yuuri shifted his hips a little and glanced at the ground. "Yeah, I just.." Yuuri hesitated slightly before learning forward and whispering into Viktor's ear, "I sort of really need the bathroom."

Yuuri's blush grew and Viktor bit his lip. There wasn't enough time. "Can you hold it through the performance?"

Yuuri shifted a little and nodded slowly. He wasn't completely sure of himself but he didn't have much choice.

Viktor pulled Yuuri into a hug. "We"ll hurry to go right after the kiss and cry ok?"

Yuuri nodded, pulled away from Viktor, and skated out onto the ice. The music began and Yuuri let his body be pulled into the routine.

Yuuri tried his best to forget his bladder as he skated to eros. For the first half he was fairly successful too. The movement seemed to be helping. As he entered the spread eagle though he lost a small spurt. This surprised him and he faltered slightly on the jump immediately after.

He hoped the wet patch wasn't noticeable. From the sidelines Viktor winced a little at the flub. He felt a tinge of guilt for not noticing Yuuri had to go earlier. As he was viewing Yuuri's performance though, he noticed an intriguing side effect of the young skaters desperation. All the moves which involved his hips, butt and pelvis were suddenly much more pronounced and alluring. That alone would probably make up for the lost points on the spin.

Yuuri felt his heart pounding in his chest. He could channel the fearful energy into his skating but he was genuinely concerned about being able to hold it. He managed luckily. After the performance he quickly jetted off the ice, clenching his fists at his side to keep from holding himself on live TV.

"Yuuri! That performance was amazing!" Viktor smiled. Yuuri sheepishly returned a grin.

Once off the ice, Yuuri nuzzled his face into Viktor's shoulder. He was relieved he'd done well but he couldn't stay still anymore. Yuuri wanted to know his score but wasn't sure he could hold it long enough to see. "Viktor..." Yuuri whined quietly.

Viktor frowned and pulled Yuuri a little closer, suddenly feeling protective of the vulnerable young skater. Softly, Viktor whispered, "Can you hold it?"

Yuuri's breath hitched as he felt another small leak. "I don't know..."

Viktor cursed softly in Russian before planting a small kiss on Yuuri's forehead. "It's ok Yuuri, just go, I'll watch the score for you. I'm sorry I didn't notice sooner."

Yuuri didn't have time to think of a response. Instead he simply hurried backstage to relieve himself.

Viktor set off to the kiss and cry and smiled when he saw Yuuri's score. They were currently in first place! Given Yuuri's handicap during the performance, Viktor was quite happy. He'd definately secured a spot in the next round.

A few minutes later Viktor began growing concered. Yuuri was taking a long time to come back. Viktor felt a blush grow over his cheeks as he imagined a worst case scenario. It wouldn't be good for Yuuri's self esteem if he had an accident. Viktor resigned himself to checking in on Yuuri in 5 minutes.

Yuuri chocked back a sob. He was standing in front of the toilet squirming desperately as he failed to unzip his costume. The stupid thing was hard to reach in the first place. He realized now it was stuck too. There was no way he'd be able to get it without help. Yuuri tried to steady his breathing. He was holding himself tightly now as he opened the stall to go out and get help.

Viktor was startled when he saw Yuuri reappear in the stadium. He ran over quickly trying to figure out what was wrong. Poor Yuuri had been away for 15 minutes and still hadn't managed to go. He was shaking visibly and it was clear he had been crying. Viktor quickly hid the younger man from the view of the cameras and ushered him back to the bathroom.

"What's wrong? Why haven't you gone yet?" Viktor looked Yuuri up and down quickly trying to find any clues.

Frantically squirming Yuuri stuttered out. "The zi.. zipper is st.. stuck!"

Viktor stiffened and quietly swore again in russian. He quickly pushed Yuuri into a stall and worked on unzipping his costume. Yuuri's desperate squirming made the task difficult. The zipper really was stuck.

Viktor growled and turned Yuuri to face him before simply pushing him down to sit on the toilet. Yuuri's eyes watered and he fought agaist Viktor to stand. Viktor kept his hands firmy planted on Yuuri's shoulders.

"I can't undo the zipper Yuuri. Just go and I'll get you something else to wear. I don't want you to hurt yourself."

Yuuri crossed his legs and shook his head. "Please people will know if I come out wearing some thing else." He pressed his hands between his thighs. He was leaking constantly now.

Viktor sighed and let Yuuri back up. He tried again on the zipper for a few minutes before it finally gave. Just as Viktor got it loose though Yuuri froze. The sound of liquid hitting tile sounded ten times louder in the empty bathroom. Viktor's heart clenched at the sound. There wasn't much point now... To minimize the mess Viktor sat Yuuri back down on the toilet.

"Yuuri look at me." Viktor knew he couldn't let Yuuri beat himself up about this. It was critical for Yuuri's skating that he build his confidence.

Yuuri's eyes flittered between the floor and Viktor's face for a moment before settling again on the floor.

Viktor sighed and lifted Yuuri's chin so that the young skater would be forced to look up. Yuuri's stream finally tapered off in the tense quiet moment.

"You skated beautifully today and this has nothing to do with how I see you ok?" Viktor ran his hand through Yuuri's hair and gave him a small smile.

"I wet your costume.."

Viktor shook his head. "Yuuri, I care about you. The costume doesn't matter to me right now. I'm going to get you some clean clothes, pick up your medal and bring you back to relax in the hotel before our flight tomorrow. Alright?"

Yuuri nodded slowly. "Thank you Viktor."

Viktor smiled.

*005*2017-04-10 08:21

{{13 minutes ago, [Insert Omo] said:

You really don't see much Yaoi stuff floating around the Internet, generally because people are grossed out by it.

But you did something magical, you made it romantic and cute, not disturbing and just plain gross.

Well done

}}

Thanks! I prefer the mushy romantic cutie pie stuff over the hypersexual generally speaking. I'm fairly softcore. We know what goes on behind the scenes :P eventually

*007*2017-04-10 08:35

{{17 minutes ago, [Insert Omo] said:

People always state that "oh Yuri is better than Yaoi cause Yaoi is for thirteen year old girls"

I find it amusing that people say that when they've probably never seen Yaoi in there life.

Of cause, this is coming from a Homosexual person that writes Yuri stuff, but that really doesn't mean much...

}}

There is some really mature Yaoi stuff out there. Definately not for 13 year old girls lol. 16 maybe.. 18+ should probably be the cut off on some of that content though. Yuri on ice definately wanted their content to be friendly for everyone though. Yuri just tends to get more content. Anime is often written with a male audience in mind so its really nice to get a well developed but open to wide audience yaoi content sometimes.

*009*2017-04-10 09:08

{{14 minutes ago, [Insert Omo] said:

Yuri definitely gets more males and is generally "family friendly". But Yaoi is quite good if made properly, you are one of the people that have made it properly and one of the only people I have read Yaoi stuff from in this website and majorly enjoyed it.

I'm not saying that other people's content is bad, just isn't as good.

}}

That's a huge compliment. Thanks.

