Jessica

Author: Meowth

*000*2012-09-06 02:42

I wrote this for the third omorashi writing competition.

The first thing she noticed when her eyes crept open was the acute dryness of her throat. She reached over and grabbed her glass, feeling around her dresser, too tired to even look over. She hovered it over her face and found it empty.

“Of course.” She thought.

She tried to tough it out, but the small fan aimed directly at her face was not helping matters. If she turned it off, she would get warm and have to take off her blankets, and if she took off the blankets she would be uncomfortable and want to get up; and, of course, if she was up, she could just get more water. It was quite the situation.

She rolled on her side to get her mouth and nostrils away from the cool, dry air, but the movement made her suddenly become aware of a powerful pressure in her lower stomach. She tried to ignore it, but whenever she got it off her mind, she was reminded of the dryness of her throat. Likewise, whenever she got the dryness off her mind, she remembered the pressure. And if she was able to get them both off her mind, she found other things annoying: like the occasional clicking of the fan or the feeling of hair tickling her face.

“Alright… Time to get up.”

She clicked the fan off and uncovered herself. She sat up and looked around her room. She wriggled her toes through the carpet, trying to find the motivation to stand. She swallowed, and was promptly reminded of how badly she needed water; the dryness was getting worse. She grabbed the empty glass and left her room. She thought about stopping at the bathroom first, but she had the glass in her hand and her throat was killing her. It didn’t matter, anyway. She could hold it.

One could describe Jessica as sexy, but cute was more accurate. She had hazel eyes, dirty blond hair, and full, pale-pink lips; her eyelashes were naturally long and dark; and most of her erogenous areas could be described as a happy medium: her butt, hips, and breasts all being large, but not overly so. Her most sensual of features, however, was her smile. It was innocent and was often said to be ‘soothing.’

She made her way downstairs wearing nothing but a white pair of panties and a tight, white t-shirt. She didn’t see anyone in the living room and didn’t hear any movement; it appeared as though she was home alone. She entered the kitchen and walked over to the ice dispenser on her refrigerator.

She held her glass under the nozzle and let it fill with water. The light tinkling sound agitated her bladder, and while she wasn’t quite desperate, it was enough to force her legs together. She suspected her bladder was actually fuller than she thought… She would go straight to the toilet after drinking the water.

The garage’s side door opened and she heard her dad’s voice.

“That explains it. They were just in the garage.”

She brought the glass up to her lips and started to down the water. She squirmed a little, feeling her morning-urine surprisingly close to slipping out. She placed the glass on the counter.

She intended to go straight to the toilet, but she was caught by surprise. When she left the kitchen, she found not just her parents in the living room, but the neighbors and their two kids: Bruce and Alexandra. Everybody stopped and stared, eyes on her exposed nipples and bikini-style panties.

She stood there, not sure of what to do or what to say. Suddenly, both her hands shot between her legs and clutched her groin for dear life. She stared back at them, cheeks burning and eyes wide.

“Honey…” Her dad began. “We have company.”

“… I see.” Her voice was low and she was still rooted to the spot.

“Maybe you should… put on some pants?”

“Um, okay.” She stared at them for a few more seconds. “Hi, Mister and Misses Friedman… Hello Alex and Bruce…” The Mister and Misses smiled at her sympathetically.

“Hello, Jayjay!” Alex burst out, not at all aware of the awkwardness in the room. “You should put on some pants!”

“Hi…” Bruce said weakly, old enough to understand (and possibly enjoy) the situation.

Jessica retreated from the room, her face glowing and her hands still clutching her groin. To them, it had looked as if she’d been covering herself, or so she hoped; but in reality, she was holding on for a far more pressing reason: When she left the kitchen, the surprise of seeing them had triggered something. It was like her urine had a grown mind of its own and it had made a collective decision to take advantage of her misfortune and force its way out.

At the top of the stairs she stopped for a moment. Climbing them had been agony, and the last few steps made her wonder if she would even make it to the bathroom in time. But she managed to get a hold of herself once again. She rushed to the toilet, forcing the urine to obey through sheer willpower (and a little external pressure). She could feel her muscles about to give out as she flicked the light on and closed the door. With no time to spare, she got her panties down and managed to get her butt over the toilet. Urine forcefully sprayed out of her and splashed loudly in the water below.

“I can’t believe that just happened… That was close!” She looked down at her panties and saw they weren’t pulled down very much. In fact, they were dangerously close to her privates. It reminded her just how close of a call it had been. She lowered them to her knees and examined the gusset. She could feel herself blushing just looking at them. There was a small, asymmetrical spot in the center where she had leaked.

It wasn’t the stairs or the distance, but it was the very moment she grabbed herself that it happened. When she left the kitchen and laid eyes on her neighbors, she panicked. Immediately, she felt the pressure in her lower body increasing, and in seconds, it had become almost too much. She instinctively clutched herself; but it proved to be too late. She peed, just for the slightest of seconds.

There was a second standing there, panties damp, that she really thought she was going to have an accident in front of them. The pressure was almost unbearable and she had already gone a little. The only thing that stopped her from completely losing control was immeasurable desire to not embarrass herself. She just dug her toes into the carpet and pushed down hard on her crotch. She knew that if she moved too soon, she would start peeing; so she delayed, greeting everybody before darting off.

“Damn, how embarrassing… If I knew I was gonna be seen in my underwear I’d have worn some that were... less disgusting.” She stared at the white panties and found the gusset to be stained with varying degrees of yellow. She had a tendency to leak. Typically whenever she sneezed, held too long, or did something strenuous. However, she didn’t often wet herself. Most didn’t even know she had trouble with leaks – with the exception of a few very funny friends that managed to push her a little farther than she cared to admit.

When she was done peeing, she washed up and poked her head outside the bathroom. The coast was clear so she ran to her bedroom and closed the door. She didn’t want anybody to catch her in her current state of exposition and disarray.

She dropped her panties to the floor and peeled off her shirt. She opened up her dresser and pulled out some new clothes. The new panties, like the old, were cotton. However, these were dark green and had a pink trim. They were her favorites. She didn’t own a matching bra, so she instead found a black one, since it wouldn’t show much through her shirt. The new shirt was cotton and dark blue. It fit about as tight as her previous and it was the same style – tee. The only significant change in her wardrobe was the jeans. They fit her very well and did a good job of showing off her curves, without showing too much like the panties.

After getting dressed, she stayed up in her room for awhile, not wanting to face the embarrassing situation she had left behind. She clicked on her television and relaxed, until she heard her dad’s voice calling. With a nervous sigh she headed downstairs to see what he wanted. To her horror, the Friedman’s were still there. Everybody was gathered in the living room – the site of the incident – talking over coffee. Alex was off to the side playing while her brother Bruce sat between his mother’s legs and listened silently to the adult’s conversation.

Jessica gave them a shy smile and a nervous wave of the hand. Her cheeks were burning and she knew they could see the evident red tint. It only embarrassed her further.

“Honey, the Friedman’s dropped by because they’re going to be busy tonight, and they were wondering if you could watch Alexandra and Bruce for the day. They offered to pay, of course… They just need someone to keep an eye on them. Nothing too fancy.”

“Uh, yeah. That’s fine. I’d be more than happy to keep an eye on them for awhile.”

“We know it’s short notice, but you’re just so good with them… and they really like you, you know?” The Missus chimed in.

“Oh! It isn’t a problem! I could always use a little extra money, and, you know, when I’m not doing band I’m just sorta sitting around… So, heh, I’m not busy.”

“We’re glad it isn’t a problem, then.” Mister Friedman spoke up. “And, uh, how does $50 sound for the day? We’ll throw in a little for food and whatever else you might have in mind… Alex has been pestering us quite a bit lately to take her to the zoo. That would probably be fun for all of you.”

“Oh, I haven’t been to the zoo in years! I’d be more than happy to take them for you.”

“That’s perfect!” The Missus gleamed.

“Alright…” Mister Friedman pulled out his wallet. “Here is $100. That should cover your pay, lunch, and the zoo entrance fee. Is that alright?”

“Yes! This should be more than enough!”

“Okay, we appreciate it, Jessica.”

“I promise I’ll take good care of them. And thank you for the work! I really appreciate it!”

“It’s not a problem.”

Jessica sipped on a soda and listened to the Friedman’s conversation with her parents. They didn’t stay long, though, and the first thing she did when they left was bring the kids up to her room.

“Okay guys, so it looks like you’re with me today.”

“Yay!” Alex’s face lit up (despite having heard earlier). “Are we gonna go to the zoo like daddy said?”

“Yep. Does that sound fun?”

“Uh huh! I’ve been wanting to go for so long!”

“Yeah, your daddy told me! And what about you, Bruce? Does that sound fun?”

“Uh huh.”

“Have you ever been to the zoo, before?”

“No. But I hear there are a lot of animals.”

Bruce was a distant child. He didn’t’ seem depressed or socially inept, but rather he seemed to be only half-interested in most of the things that were happening around him. He was a good brother and an obedient child, but he often had trouble expressing his creativity. He seemed to be much more suited to being alone, keeping his evident creativity locked up, for his eyes only.

Alexandra was the polar opposite. She was outward and social. She loved to smile, to talk, and she wanted all the attention she could get. In a way, she was the ideal – and typical – 6 year old girl. Despite their differences, Bruce and Alex deeply cared for each other. Bruce took on a bit of a protective role of her, but being as logical and level-headed as he was, he realized that there was only so much a 13 year old could do.

Jessica knew there wasn’t much for them to do around her house, so she wasted no time in polishing off her soda and taking them out to get lunch. She took them to a Mc. Burger and ordered them all food. Alex was more than happy with her kid’s meal, Bruce asked to have an adult meal (since his parents never let him have one), and Jessica had a burger with sweet tea.

When she was handed the drink cups, she found the size of hers a bit surprising. She had never ordered the sweet tea there before, and it looked like the cup was even bigger than the largest soda cup they had! Despite the immaculate size, she filled it up almost to the top.

Looking at the massive sweet tea, she didn’t think she could finish it, but once she took that first sip, the situation changed. The tea was sweet, almost sickeningly so, and it was the first time she had ever had anything like it. She gulped it down, enjoying it even more than the burger. By the end of the meal, her stomach was bloated to the point of discomfort.

She gave the kids plenty of time to eat, not wanting to stand or walk around. But once her stomach started to feel a bit better, she cleaned up the area of any wrappers and leftover food stubs, and at Bruce’s request, she led them to the bathroom before leaving. They both went in to take care of their business while she waited at the table. She could have gone if she had tried, but she didn’t want to leave them unattended for any period of time. She would just hold it. The urge was miniscule anyway, and if the bathroom had gone unmentioned, she probably wouldn’t even have noticed it.

After everybody had gone to the bathroom, she led them out to the car, made sure they were buckled up, and then started making her way to the zoo. The drive was about 25 minutes away from the Mc. Burger, so it didn’t take long for them to arrive. Upon getting there, she them helped out of the car and brought them to the front entrance. She paid everybody’s fee with the money she had been given and they all went inside.

By the time they were on the premises, over two hours had gone by since she had left her house and another half hour since she had last relived herself. Normally, that wouldn’t have been an issue, since, despite her occasional leaking, she didn’t have much trouble with her bladder. However, the soda from earlier was quickly filling up her bladder, and the massive amount of tea she chugged at the Mc. Burger wasn’t helping.

She was not yet desperate, but the urge was no longer “miniscule.” It was persistent enough so that she had to start considering solutions, but she didn’t exactly like her options. She knew the zoo had a rest area, but she had a thing about public bathrooms… Not to mention, the zoo bathrooms were notoriously disgusting. They had a problem with pest control there, and roaches often holed up in the bathroom, even during the day.

Between her fear of bugs and general disapproval of public restrooms, she had decided to take her only other – rational – option. She would simply have to hold it until she got home. She didn’t exactly like that “solution”, but what else could she do? It was either that or leave early – which wasn’t really an option at all.

As they walked through the park, admiring the animals and reading small boards filled with descriptive texts, she found herself beginning to quickly regret the sweet tea from before. It was one thing to hold it for awhile, it was simply a part of growing up, but that tea was going to make things extremely difficult. Only fifteen more minutes had gone by, but that was enough for her bladder to fill up an intimidating amount.

She wasn’t visually desperate and she knew she could hold on for awhile longer, but there was a constant, dull sensation that reverberated throughout her lower body each time she took a step. Even when she sat down or stood still for too long she felt the fullness capture her attention. If she could have been at home, buried under a blanket where nobody could see her hand, she’d have held herself. Not because it was necessary, but because she had a strange compulsion to do so. She felt that the act alone, even if of no physical benefit, would have helped her hold it in some subtle, psychological way.

She did her best to get her mind off her bladder and on the things around her. She tried focusing on the animals, on the kids, and at one point, on random bystanders; but in the end, her attention always came back to her need. The fact her bladder was still rapidly filling did not help, either. It was ten minutes later when she showed her first – albeit subtle – sign of desperation. As she stood there, leaning against the railing, she deliberately pressed her legs together, hoping the pressure would help alleviate the tension.

What she truly wanted to do was hold herself. To bounce up and down, to sway back and forth, and above all, to quickly make her way to the toilet for a much needed pee. But she couldn’t do that. She would look ridiculous bouncing around like a child and leaving them alone was not an option. After all, the zoo was even more dangerous than the Mc. Burger.

She continued to hold off, each minute causing her to grow a bit more anxious. She was doing a good job of hiding her desperation, but she couldn’t last forever. She cursed the tea under her breath. If it hadn’t been for that, she wouldn’t be filling up so quickly.

Another ten minutes went by, and by that time, she was really beginning to worry. She couldn’t believe it was happening so quickly. If only she could have had a little more time… She could have just cut the trip off a little early. It wouldn’t be a big deal. But no, they had only been there for 35 minutes. It was still much too soon. They would have to stay there for at least two hours, if not longer!

What was she going to do? She could barely contain herself any longer. Her fingers were digging into her thighs, begging to slide between her legs and press down on her groin. She could feel her thighs being drawn to each other, occasionally rubbing together before being forced apart once again. There were even a few weak moments where she caught herself going up and down, or even gyrating her hips.

Bruce could tell something was awry. Her sensuous movements did not go unnoticed and she had become rather quiet. He remembered the large tea and that she hadn’t used the toilet at the Mc. Burger. At first, he figured it was crazy; after all, if she had to pee, wouldn’t she just go? Then again, who was he to say that? Maybe she was holding it for some reason...

He wasn’t sure why, but her potential predicament greatly fascinated him. He found his eyes drawn to her ample bottom, but he was admiring it less for its perfect size and shape, and more for the occasional sway it took on. He saw that her legs were often shut; even when walking she seemed to be trying to keep them together. Maybe, just maybe…

Another fifteen minutes crept by, and in that time she felt her body beginning to betray her. She no longer had complete control over hiding her desperation. Her thighs rubbed together, her feet alternated in tapping the ground like a cat kneading a pillow, and her butt swayed more than ever. There were even a few moments – when she thought no one was looking – that she rested her hand over her swollen bladder. It was all she could do to keep from losing it.

Bruce now had no doubt in his mind: she needed to pee. He watched as she progressively got worse, and he found himself enjoying her squirming. His favorite display of urgency was the way her feet would go up and down, each one alternating, barely leaving the cement. He even caught a few glimpses of her wondering hand. He wanted to say something, to maybe get an explanation as to why she was holding it, but he decided not to. He couldn’t find the words and he didn’t want to risk causing her to go to the toilet.

However, the desperation eventually became so obvious that his little sister, Alex, spoke up for him.

“Jayjay, do you have to go potty?” She asked slightly louder than necessary, not quite understanding how such a thing could be embarrassing.

Jessica blushed and looked at her. “Uh…” She thought for a moment. Should she tell them? How would she explain why she wasn’t going? Then again, what choice did she have? Her desperation was becoming too obvious to hide…

“Yes, I’ve gotta go a little.”

“Then why don’t you go to the potty? Mommy always tells me not to hold it and to go whenever I haf to.”

“Well, I, uh, I don’t want anything to happen to you guys while I’m in the bathroom. I have to stay out here and keep an eye on you!”

“But nothin’ll happen to us while you’re in there!”

Jessica gave her a soothing laugh. “Don’t worry, sweetie, I can hold it.”

Alex frowned.

Bruce gave a relived sigh, but he wasn’t entirely sure why. Something about watching her dance, knowing she was desperate for the toilet – knowing this near adult was desperate for the toilet – drove him mad with interest. It intrigued him more than anything.

As they walked to the next exhibit, Bruce mulled over Jessica’s words: ‘Don’t worry, sweetie, I can hold it.’ He had never considered it before, but what if she couldn’t? What if this grown person had an accident? Was such a thing even possible? He supposed that nothing was making it impossible…

He had heard his parents talk about needing to go and he had even seen his mother dance like Jessica was, but never before had either of them had an accident. Even among his classmates accidents were rare. He had only seen one, and it was by a nine year old. Even Alex had only had a handful since getting out of diapers. But Jessica: could someone her age be so… irresponsible? Child-like? He didn’t know what to call it, because he wasn’t even sure what it meant.

After realizing her dancing and foot tapping was plainly obvious, Jessica tried to keep it to a bare minimum. However, after another five minutes, she gave up on that goal and was being more obvious than ever. She couldn’t manage to stay still for any length of time. Whether she was standing there with her thighs pushed together, biting her lower lip, swaying back and forth; or squatting up and down with gentle and deliberate motion, she had to be moving at all times.

Then it happened. It was subtle, almost unnoticeable, but it was undeniable. She leaked. It was the slightest drop and the weakest sensation, but involuntarily, out of sheer fullness, she had leaked. She had begun to accept she had a real problem on her hands, one that could not be resolved with waiting. Even if she decided at that very moment to start heading for the car, she didn’t think she could make it home in time, or even to a gas station. She could see the whole thing in her head; she would probably wet herself in traffic, both of the kids staring at her in awe, watching her cry out in desperation as pee drenched her panties, flooded her jeans, and inevitably soaked into her seats.

It didn’t matter how many bugs were in the zoo’s bathroom; it was either that or have an accident.

“Okay guys, let’s head for the bathrooms now. You guys need to go at all?”

“But Jayjay, I thought you said you could hold it!” It had been only ten minutes since she had told her that.

“It turns out it’s a little worse than I thought…” She had already started leading them to the toilets.

“But isn’t it dangerous for us to be alone?”

“Look, honey, if I don’t get to the bathroom soon, I’m gonna have an accident, okay?” There was a sense of urgency in Jessica’s voice. She could feel the pee inside of her ready to squirt out and drench her clothing. She couldn’t let that happen. “I’m still going to make sure you guys are okay, even if I have to bring you into the bathroom with me.”

Bruce swallowed. That meant he may actually get to hear her peeing, up close. He had heard his family through a door, but that was oddly different and didn’t arouse his interests. To hear Jessica, to hear her urinating in a toilet only a few feet away, nothing there to block the noise… It sounded like a dream come true.

Jessica held both of their hands and walked toward the bathrooms with hurried steps. She couldn’t believe she had let herself get so bad! It was crazy for her to think she could hold all of that until she got home. But, she had believed it, and that had led to her situation. Each step sent a pang through her body. Each second her muscles grew weaker and weaker. She was practically sprinting, the kids struggling to keep up. She looked around the zoo, fervently trying to locate the bathrooms, but they were nowhere in sight.

She quickly made her way to the front of the zoo where she had seen a sign with directions. When they had originally looked at it, she hadn’t paid much attention to the bathrooms, so she had quickly forgotten where they were.

The sign was in sight when she suddenly stopped. She crossed her legs and did a half-squat. Her eyes were closed and she and her lips were pursed. She moaned softly, feeling a wave of desperation almost overwhelm her.

“Jayjay,” Alex began, concerned. “Are you okay?”

“Yes… I’m fine, honey.” They resumed walking. Jessica had leaked again, but like before, it was small. She imagined her panties now had a very small, visible damp spot right where the cloth rubbed against her vagina.

Bruce watched her as she scanned the sign and hunted for the bathrooms. She was no longer attempting to hide her desperation, which meant that any corner cutting could result in an accident. It was going to be a close one, that was for sure.

He was beginning to admire her body as she danced. Her round, supple legs… He plump, inviting butt… It seemed swaying the way it was, her body had a certain sex appeal to him. Her hands were no longer kept at bay, and they freely pressed down on her groin. He hoped she grabbed his hand again; in a way, it would be like he was touching her “down there.”

It didn’t take her long to find the bathrooms – despite overlooking them several times in her urgency – and she immediately grabbed both of their hands, much to Bruce’s delight, and hurried to the toilets. Her bladder was at its limit. If she didn’t get their soon – very soon – she would completely lose it, and in front of everybody!

On the way, she had to stop again. She had another leak, but this time, instead of a single drop of urine, she felt a few trickle out. It still wasn’t enough to be seen, but it was enough so that she could feel the cool moisture rubbing against her with each step she took.

Upon getting to the bathroom door, Bruce could feel his heart beating harder than ever. He had questions and fantasies running through his mind like never before. He could see them all going into the bathroom; he would stand there, looking at her feet from beneath the stall as she relieved herself. Or maybe she wouldn’t make it? It was still possible she could start going on herself… Or was he wrong to even consider such a tragedy?

She opened the door and was prepared to bring them both in, but the first thing she saw was a large, black creature sticking to the wall on the other end of the bathroom. She stopped, feeling her entire body tense up. It was a good thing she wasn’t holding the kid’s hand any longer, or she might have crushed them.

A jet of urine shot out of her and drenched the bottoms of her panties. She managed to stop the stream, but she could already feel her crotch quickly growing warm as the pee spread. It was not like her other small leaks; this was a full on blast. She had lost control – no, she had forcefully peed – for a split second, and now her panties were warm and sodden. It was so much she wondered if it had made it to her jeans. It wouldn’t have surprised her, but it would have horrified her nonetheless.

It was the biggest roach she had ever seen in her life. The sheer size had made her nearly wet herself; and, in a way, it actually had. And what if it flew? There was no way she could go in there. There was no point in braving it. She could bolt to the furthest stall from it and it could play dead, but it wouldn’t make a difference. Going anywhere near that thing would make her have an accident. She couldn’t go near it.

“Jayjay, are you okay?”

“Um… “ She was still staring at the creature on the wall. “Guys, I think we’ve gotta go home.”

“Aw! Why?” Alex protested.

“I’m sorry, honey!” Jessica was doing a dance again, trying to hold it just a little longer. “I’ve got to find a bathroom or I’m gonna pee my pants, and I can’t go in this one because I can’t get near that bug! I’m so sorry!”

Without waiting for a response, she grabbed both of their hands and started to head toward the entrance to the zoo.

“Oh God!” she moaned.

Bruce followed along, amazed at what had just happened. Standing next to her, he had heard it. He had heard a nearly inaudible hissing noise when she opened the door. He had even gotten a look at her thighs, and between them, he saw a small damp spot – or at least he thought it he did. He desperately wanted to see it again, but he could only occasionally glance at her crotch, usually when she wasn’t paying attention, and even then it was a matter of her legs being in just the right position.

At first, the leak had made Jessica feel slightly better; so much better that she had actually thought she could make it to a gas station in time. However, every step she took made her urge worse. Gradually, she was returning to her previous level of desperation, and she knew it would soon be worse. She tried to walk faster, but the kids and her aching bladder were slowing her down.

Every step reminded her of the moistness in her panties. She had become paranoid that people could see the wetness on her jeans. She glanced down a few times, subtly checking to see if there was a wet spot anywhere obvious and she couldn’t see one. However, she didn’t know if the urine had taken a nice spot between her legs or if it had crawled backwards, showing on her butt.

She swallowed and felt her eyes beginning to tear up. The realization was difficult to accept, but she couldn’t lie to herself any longer. She wasn’t going to make it. Even if she managed to get out of the zoo before she wound up losing control, there was no way she could get to the car and drive to a gas station in time. There was just no way.

She tried thinking of an alternative, maybe find some bushes or something; but there was no time left to think. She felt another wave of desperation coming. She stopped walking and mashed her thighs together. She knew there was no way she could stop what was about to happen. She thought about just letting it happen, but something in her wouldn’t allow that. She was going to hold on to the last, bitter moment of this embarrassing, horrific, experience.

It didn’t take long for her already weak muscles to cave for a second, allowing another bit of urine to spurt out, just like it had at the bathrooms. There was no way her panties – in their drenched state – could handle it all. There was a droplet of pee running down her legs. She was afraid to look down.

Bruce watched her face go from resilience, to weakness, to near sobbing. He heard her next leak, and stared at her crotch, all decency fled from his mind. He saw the denim grow wet, a slight bit of urine traveling down her leg. Suddenly, her muscles completely gave out. Jessica gasped and looked down. She watched with tears in her eyes as pee poured out of her.

She could feel warmth crawling down her legs and encompassing her crotch as she forcefully peed. Bruce could hear the sounds of pee leaving her groin and soaking through the fabric of her panties with notable speed. The wetness started at her crotch, spread down the front of the jeans, and slowly grew to the backs of her legs. At some point during her accident, she gave her legs a slight spread, hoping to spare her shoes the fate of becoming small, urine filled pools.

Bruce couldn’t hear as well when she spread her legs; however, it did offer him a better view. He could see the urine glistening as it traveled down her legs and splattered loudly on the cement. In fact, some of it fell directly from her crotch, making an even louder noise on the cement.

The puddle around her was growing quickly and was beginning to run downward. People were avoiding the stream, and most were trying to ignore her altogether; although, a lot them, like Bruce, stared without shame – and even with interest.

Eventually, her bladder emptied, and trying not to completely break down, she stood there, a small crowd staring at her, a large puddle around her feet.

*004*2012-09-09 07:30

I'm glad you all enjoyed it! I worked hard on this one, though I have mixed feelings about it... Honestly, I feel like I could have done better.

{{:

Absolutely great. But you killed the story too quickly. The walk to the car, the additional wetting stuck in traffic. You know. Terrific job none the less. Please do more featuring Jessica. I have a friend that fits her description exactly- only a bit older. Very, very well done, except the end was not the "crescendo" I had hoped for.

}}

Yes, I recently had another story get critiqued for a premature end. I'll have to keep an eye out! Thanks for letting me know.

{{:

Hi, I an fairly new here. Do I need to complete the required posts in order to see this story or am I just doing something wrong in general. Any help would be much appreciated thanks.

}}

No, you should be able to read my story as is. You may want to contact Kenshin if you're still having trouble after reading this reply.

*006*2012-09-13 10:28

Hmm...

Thank you very much!

*010*2012-09-14 05:41

@francescibe_85

Thanks!

@Dorito

I forgot! I'm so used to thinking "Kenshin," and it is rare for admins to change their handles.

@KingKong

The kinds words are much appreciated! Always nice to see someone with such a high esteem for my writing. Oh, and I will keep an eye on the hyphens as well. I've been told before I use those and semi-colons a bit too often.

*012*2012-09-16 19:59

Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for the comment.

*014*2012-09-17 15:41

Thanks! I'm glad you enjoyed the story; however, I don't believe I have the skills for career writing yet! The show of faith is nice, though!

