Armageddon: A Modern Fantasy

Author: Nimbus

*000*2014-05-29 04:45

Alright, so I am fairly excited about this story line. This post just serves as a long winded introduction to most of the main cast. The story itself will jump between character POVs. So without further ado, I present "Armageddon: A modern fantasy"

Katie's POV

My heart hammered in my chest. Why am I so nervous? I wiped my sweaty hands off onto my pants. Am I underdressed? Romero’s wasn’t exactly a five star restaurant but it was the nicest place within traveling distance. Would a pair of sneakers, lime green skinnies, and a graphic tee cut it? Probably not for normal people, but me and Zed were far from the social norm.

Before I had head out the door I made sure to pull on my bright green jacket that was a little bit too big for me. Zed had a habit of teasing me about my palette choice coupled with my short stature allowed me to be mistaken for a child. Of course he wasn’t the only one, but at least no one ever said it in mean spirit.

The brisk air greeted me as I stepped out my door. I wasn’t a huge fan of the cold, but since Romero’s was only a five minute walk from my house I decided to give my short, stubby legs a work out. With strides as long as I could muster I moved as quickly as possible to meet Zed for our date.

When I finally reached my destination I suddenly regretted my clothing choice. While it wasn’t a black tie affair sort of place most people were still dressed nicer than I was. It wasn’t until I found Zed that the self-consciousness went away. There was my dork of a boyfriend dressed in dark wash jean, tennis shoes, a black tee and his signature sleek, black hoodie which he left unzipped.

The two of us must have looked like polar opposites. Our only physical trait that we had in common was that we were both slender-though being a girl I naturally had more curves than he-and a collection of freckles that dotted our noses and speckled our cheeks. Even then my freckles were more prominent against my milky skin while his were hidden by his tan flesh.

His dark messy hair contrasted my long strawberry blonde hair. My ever vibrant and colorful clothing clashed with his darker color choices. His breathtaking turquoise eyes were narrow and slanted as opposed to my wide brown eyes. Even his laid back and reserved personality differed from my own outgoing and excitable nature. Perhaps it was our differences that made our relationship work so well.

Upon spotting me, Zed rose to greet me. While he, being half elf, couldn’t be considered tall, I still barely reached his shoulders. Nevertheless he embraced me, flashing his crooked smile as he did so. I inhaled his heady scent as he held me tight for a moment. When he released me we were both smiling like two love sick fools.

“Hey, Katie.” He muttered. His eyes met mine and for a moment neither of us looked away.

“Hi.” I mumbled softly in return.

He finally broke the stare as he gestured towards the table. “Have a seat.” He said as he pulled out my chair for me.

I guess chivalry isn’t dead after all. I couldn’t hide my goofy grin as I thanked him and took the seat. “I hope I didn’t keep you waiting.”

“Not at all.” He smiled. “Although I could have picked you up, if you had wanted.”

“Perhaps, but I kind of like meeting people places. Maybe that’s weird.” I laughed nervously. I probably sounded like a dork.

“It’s… unique.” He said finally. “And it saves me money on gas.” He teased.

“See. It’s a good thing. I help save you money.”

“Maybe.” He contemplated. “But it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world for me to pick you up. If you ever want me to, I mean.”

“You could drive me home. If you want to, I mean.” I teased.

He winced. “I might have walked here.”

“What? That’s at least a half hour walk!” I exclaimed.

“I like to walk.” He shrugged.

“Well then… I guess you can walk me home.”

“Alright, it’s a deal.”

One exorbitantly expensive meal later, which Zed insisted he pay for by himself, the two of us found ourselves facing the brisk air once more. I dithered in the doorway for a moment as I was suddenly made aware of a certain pressure building in my bladder. Before I could decide whether I should go now or when I got home Zed’s fingers suddenly laced with my own and all thoughts were expelled from my brain as my heart skipped a beat.

“Let us be off.” He said with a smirk as he led me in the direction of my home. For a while the two of strolled down the street with our intertwined hands swinging between the two of us. For those few short moments everything was peaceful and my life was sane. Of course it didn’t take too long before something came around to ruin it.

It started with a simple collision as an older stranger bumped into Zed. Zed immediately turned to apologize but was interrupted when the stranger muttered something I couldn’t make out. Zed’s face went pale and I could feel his hand tremble slightly. Before I could ask what exactly the man had said Zed led me and the stranger into the privacy of a dark alleyway.

This time the stranger spoke loud enough for me to hear. “Alright, no one has to lose their life over this. Just hand over all your possessions and I will be off.” My eyes caught a glint of light and were drawn to the muzzle of a pistol. In that moment my brain suddenly remembered to be afraid and my heart began to race.

My vision tunneled, focusing on the menacing firearm in our muggers hand, everything else was out of focus and seemed to shudder and tremble as the peripheral of my vision seemed to pulsate. Panic swelled in my chest and my hand slipped from Zed’s. A strange warmth spread across my lap as my knees buckled.

I managed to pull my gaze away from the gun long enough to inspect my legs to see something dark and glistening creep down my thighs. For the first time in six years I was wetting myself. I might have blushed had the blood not all been drained from my face. Instead I slowly drew my vision back to the gun aimed at my body.

I could barely form coherent thoughts as the gun seemed to glare at me. The deafening beat of my heart drowned out any of the conversation between the marauder and Zed that I might have heard. Hot rivulets of pee trickled down the back of my calves. My legs felt as if they would give out at any moment. Short, desperate breaths escaped my lips as I tried to fight back the terror that was beginning to overwhelming me.

It took me a moment to realize the faint patter I heard over the din of my own pounding heart was the sound of pee drizzling to the ground. The golden liquid had already thoroughly saturated my legs and overflown my sneakers. The warmth that tickled my legs was almost a welcome compared to how cold the rest of my body felt. I managed to draw my vision away from the gun once more to stare at the puddle that was pooling beneath me. The golden disk of liquid fear beneath me reflected my shame between ripples as diminishing streams added to its entirety.

“Leave her out of this.” Zed’s voice broke me from my shell shock. I raised my gaze to find him standing between me and the mugger.

“Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to be a hero?”

“I guess I didn’t get the memo.” Even though you could hear the uncertainty in his voice Zed was far better at hiding his fear than I was. The only visible indicator that he was even frightened was his trembling legs as he tried to stand tall.

“I am not a huge fan of smart mouths.” The crook raised his gun, leveling it with Zed’s head.

“No!” I cried out. In an instant something bizarre occurred. Zed’s body was thrown to the wall to his right. The Mugger was flung much more harshly out of the alleyway and into the street, his body rag dolling as it went.

My body was suddenly overcome with exhaustion and my mind with confusion. I fell to my knees, splashing my own puddle of pee. I waited until my breathing returned to normal before I moved to check on Zed. Fortunately he seemed fine; whoever our attacker was took the brunt of whatever just happened.

“What happened?” Zed groaned as he sat up.

“I have no idea.” I admitted breathlessly as I resisted the urge to fall over on him.

“What are the chances? Two birds with one stone.” I was distracted from my fatigue at the sudden appearance of yet another stranger. This one was about my and Zed’s age and like Zed was slender. That, however, is where the similarities ended. This boy was half a head taller than Zed was, with short blonde hair that made him look a little like Fred from Scooby Doo. Unlike Zed he didn’t slouch but his posture was still relaxed and open. His most striking feature, though, had to be his electric blue eyes that almost seemed to glow.

His apparel was a little hipster-esque and not just because of the plastic black and blue Ray-Ban frames he wore. He donned a plaid button up tee with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, and a pair of skinny jeans and to top it off was a pair of moccasins.

Already wary of strangers I rose to my feet and balled my fists, hoping I could cause another freak attack. Instead the hipster raised his arms in surrender.

“Whoa, there. We come in peace.” He spoke with such innocent confidence that I couldn’t help but trust him, even though I knew I shouldn’t. Wait, we? I looked towards Zed but found him staring at something in the shadows. Following his gaze I didn’t see anything at first. Finally, though, I watched as another figure stepped from the darkness.

This stranger was shorter, about Zed’s height, and was a fair skinned female with mousy brown hair that was pulled back into a pony tail. The girl was fit, not exactly muscular but nothing on her lithe body was soft. A skin tight long sleeve shirt hugged her, almost completely, flat chest and black runner shorts covered her thighs. Her almond eyes flit between me and Zed as she took her place at the hipster’s side.

“We are… friends.” The hipster spoke again and I couldn’t help but feel there was something off about him; nothing necessarily bad, just different. It was almost like… he wasn’t among one of the four civilized races or even the three arcane. He was something else entirely. The thought made my head spin.

“I’m sorry if I don’t quite recall adding you on Facebook.” Zed spoke up.

“Well we aren’t friends yet, but we will be.” Hipster said the statement like it was a fact.

“Is that so? Are you a psychic now?”

“Well, yes.” Hipster shrugged.

The girl had seemed frustrated at the entire situation and finally spoke up. “Look, we are mages. You are technically mages too. We are here to kidnap you.”

“Don’t say kidnap!” Hipster cried. “Recruit, we are here to recruit you.”

“Mages?” I asked. “Mages are extinct. They were all killed out during the Witch Trials.”

“You will find, my naïve friend, that it is very difficult to eradicate something as broad as the gene that allows one to manipulate magic. A gene that spans every race, will not be easily be erased. No, Mages are simply endangered and in hiding but we still very much exist. You, yourself, are a living testament to that.” Hipster said with his charismatic voice.

“You said two birds with one stone, does that mean…?” Zed asked.

“Yes, you’re a wizard too, Harry.” The girl scoffed.

“Mage. Wizards and Witches are offensive terms.” Hipster rolled his eyes.

“Either way, you are coming with us.” The girl stated.

“And if I don’t want to?” Zed inquired.

“Then I guess you can have fun being killed by the Witch Hunters. Oh by the way, the fact that we know you are mages means that the Witch Hunters do too, and they are probably on their way here as we speak.” Hipster suddenly got very serious. “So you can either get tortured till you die or…”

“Learn magic and probably die anyway.” The girl finished.

“Aren’t you a ray of sunshine.” Zed grumbled.

“I tend to avoid sunshine.” The girl flashed a grin, revealing a pair of fangs. A vampire. We are dealing with a vampire.

“Well, if we do come with you… where are we going?”

“Somewhere safe.” Hipster assured us.

“Alright, we will go.” I spoke up.

“We will?” Zed asked, surprised.

“It’s our only choice.” I nodded. Vampire or no vampire, the threat of torture was much worse. Besides if our deaths are so certain, might as well learn a little magic along the way.

“Alright, let’s go.” Zed said slowly.

“Grab a hand.” Hipster said, reaching for Zed. Zed reluctantly took the hand.

“You too.” The girl commanded and took my hand. With their free hands our two “saviors” took each other’s hand and stepped into the shadows. In an instant we were swallowed up by darkness. The pitch black was accompanied by a sensation of weightlessness as if we were floating in space. The feeling was more than a little unnerving but all at once the sensation passed and we found ourselves somewhere new.

We were in a small dining area with two white round tables, a collection of white plastic chairs and a small kitchen area hidden behind an “L” shaped counter that left a small opening for entry. Two refrigerators, a sink, an oven, a microwave, several cabinets and a dishwasher occupied the kitchen area… along with a pale raven haired female.

The girl was around my age and height, though she was curvier than I was. Her long dark hair was straightened and fell just past her shoulder blades. Her pale blue eyes studied me as I studied her. She had a bit of a hook nose and a beauty mark just under her left eye that somehow didn’t detract from her attractiveness. Thought I doubted many boys would pay much attention to her face given her pair of, what I could only guess were, quadruple D breasts or her equally ample butt.

Across from her was an orc, judging the pitch black color of his skin, an ogre specifically. The young ogre was tall, even taller than the hipster, and like most of his race he was muscular. His yellow eyes tried to study me, much like the raven haired girl’s, but they kept flitting back to said girl. His bald head was constantly bouncing back and forth between the two of us.

“So these are our newest recruits?” The raven haired girl asked a little less than enthused. I finally realized that she wasn’t studying me so much as she was the stain across my lap. My face immediately lit up with a blush as I became aware of the clamminess of my wet pants.

“It seems that way, yes.” I turned to the vampire and noticed a few details I hadn’t noticed before. Mainly how prominent her nose was, more than hooked it was a little beak like. Her fingers were long and slender, almost like talons… it didn’t take me too long to piece together that she was an avion, most likely a harpy specifically.

I turned my head to the hipster to see if I had missed any important details about him but the only thing I took notice of was his concentration on my lap. My ears began to burn and I wanted to shrink way. Foolishly I stuck my hands in front of my lap as if they could hide the wet patch that covered almost the entirety of my pants.

Just as I wanted to disappear Zed’s hand reached out to mine, his fingers lacing with my own. I looked up at him, still blushing, and he gave me a reassuring smile. The gesture didn’t completely erase my embarrassment but it certainly made it bearable.

“Well my name is Brittany.” The raven girl said as she held out her hand. I awkwardly shook it.

“I’m Katherine, but you can call me Katie.” I mumbled.

“Don’t worry about your… you know, accident too much.” She whispered to me, trying to reassure me. “Everyone has accidents.”

“Most people don’t have them at 17.” I grumbled back.

“Hey, only a couple of months ago I… may have wet myself.”

“Yeah?”

“Yeah. Uh, I will tell you the story tomorrow. Until then just keep your head up.” She gave me a sympathetic smile.

The orc approached Zed awkwardly and extended his large hand that swallowed up Zed’s own hand. “I’m Timmins.” He announced in a gruff voice.

“Zedikiah, but call me Zed.”

“Alright, now that we got the formalities out of the way-“ The vampire began.

“Sirah, we didn’t tell them our names. I am Alistair for the record. Miss congeniality over here is Sirah. I hope you can see past her bark, which for the record is not worse than her bite, and stick around long enough that we can teach you how to survive.” The hipster interrupted.

“Speaking of which, you said that the Witch Hunters could find us back in the alleyway. What is stopping them from finding us here?” Zed inquired.

“The base is well protected.” Was all Sirah replied.

“By what, a guardian angel?” Zed laughed slightly

“We do have an angel, but it’s the wards we’ve put up that keep us protected.” Brittany replied.

“You have an angel?”

“A fallen angel, but yes.” Sirah sighed as if this was all terribly tedious to her.

“Speaking of which, where is Sophie?” Alistair inquired.

As if on cue a new stranger came through the door way nearest to the kitchen counter. The new girl was, in a word, perfect. Not simply because she was beautiful, though she was incredibly beautiful, but because, well, nothing was out of place on her. Her face was utterly devoid of blemishes, and her blonde hair was perfectly straight and cascaded to her shoulder blades without a single hair out of place. Her posture was immaculate and clothing without wrinkle. She moved with such grace and purpose that I somehow managed to feel self-conscious of my own gait.

Beyond her perfections she was intimidatingly beautiful. She was roughly Zed’s height with long silky legs that led up to an equally toned butt that was just barely covered by her white denim shorts. While her breasts weren’t as big as Brittany’s they were still larger than mine and made prominent by the white midriff top that hugged to her skin tightly and revealed her flat stomach. Even her brown eyes were breathtaking where mine felt dull.

“She’s going through her grace period.” Brittany whispered into my ear.

“Her what?” I whispered back.

“Grace period. After an angel has fallen they retain their grace for three days. Afterwards they become… more human. So after a couple days she won’t be so… perfect.” Brittany informed me. Something about her voice made me think that even after her grace period was up, Sophie would still be enviously beautiful.

Zed must have sensed my jealous insecurity because he gave my hand a soft squeeze and when I looked up at him he gave me a reassuring smile, his eyes twinkling with love as he gazed into my own. I would never understand how he seemed to do erase my doubts and make me feel so special with a mere smile.

“You are just in time to meet our newest recruits.” Alistair stated.

“Only a few hours ago I was your newest recruit.” Sophie mused with a look of interest. “You are aware that the female has urinated on herself.”

Just what I needed, someone to bring it up again. It wasn’t enough that the clamminess was driving me crazy, or that I was embarrassed enough without anyone saying anything about it. No, the angel who I am immediately jealous of had to state my condition like it’s as casual as the weather.

At this point my face was as red as a tomato and my ears burned hotter than the sun. “C-can I get changed?” I stammered, finally asking the question I’ve wanted to ask since I’ve gotten here.

“Of course. Follow me.” Brittany directed me out the door the angel has only just walked in. We passed through a hallway but our destination was a flight of stairs directly across from the kitchen area. We asended the first flight of stairs and got to a small landing area before climbing up another short set up stairs that ran parallel to the flight below it. Once on the second floor there was a large room to our left that I didn’t get to see much of before I was directed down a hall to our right.

We finally stopped at the third door on our left-the two on our right being a bathroom and shower room- which opened up to a bedroom. The room was relatively bare, only consisting of a queen sized bed, a vanity, a dresser, a wardrobe, a clothes basket and the same navy carpet as the rest of the second floor.

“This will be your room. There are a few changes of clothes in the dresser and the wardrobe. You can buy more clothes later.” Brittany stated. “I will just leave you to get changed then.” She added awkwardly before disappearing out the door.

As soon as I had privacy I immediately began to strip. I quickly learned that as difficult as it is to get skinny jeans off on a normal day it is much more difficult to get them off once you have wet yourself in them. The denim clung to my legs as I tried to peel the tight clothing from my body. Finally as I kicked the wet clothing across the floor I found it much easier to take the rest of my clothes off.

Cold air ran across my naked body reminding me that my legs were still damp with urine. I awkwardly wiped my legs up with my t-shirt before depositing my clothing into the clothes basket. As soon as the damp wad landed on the bottom, however, the clothing vanished with a faint “pop”. Amazed I reached into the basket it and felt around but nothing happened.

The cold air still hugged my body and I realized that I was still entirely naked. I raided the wardrobe and dresser and discovered the only clothes that fit me was a bland grey bra and granny panty combo. That wouldn’t be so bad on its own since no one would see them but even worse was the grey sweatpants and grey, blank t-shirt I had to settle on. Still, it was dry clothes and I was grateful for that.

I was pretty sure that Brittany had expected me to take a shower to but all at once I was overcome by exhaustion and I was out as soon as my body hit my bed.

Well I hope you have enjoyed the story thus far. The next post will reveal more of the plot and the direction of the story. Until then leave your comments, questions and suggestions below. Feedback is appreciated. Thank you.

*002*2014-05-30 19:32

{{:

This was great to read :D I loved the detail with the fallen angels and the different races.

Please do continue it!

}}

Thank you! I am glad that you enjoyed it. I will definitely continue the story:)

*004*2014-05-31 05:49

{{: 

Awesome story, can't wait to see what happens next!

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it.

*006*2014-05-31 20:31

{{: 

That was a great story. I look forward to seeing it continued.

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it:)

*008*2014-06-02 05:05

{{: 

Wow, this is really good! I love the detail and back story. Not to mention the whole fantasy world yet still real life setting is just awesome!

I can't wait to see where this is headed :D

}}

Thank you, I am really glad that you enjoyed it. :) I hope to get the next chapter out soon.

*009*2014-06-27 11:39

I had intended to have the latest chapter up by this weekend but do to a lack of internet access I have no idea how soon it will before I can post again. Sorry for the delay.

*011*2014-09-13 03:47

Brittany’s POV)

I had been chowing down on a plate of waffles when Katie awkwardly crept into the kitchen. Judging by her wet hair she had finally taken a shower. For a moment she seemed uncertain as she approached my table. The uncertainty, however, only lasted a moment.

“What? No fair! How come you get cute clothes?” She cried in her high pitch, almost child-like voice. It was cute, really.

Looking down at my attire I wasn’t sure what she meant by “cute”. I was dressed in a navy blue t-shirt which, admittedly, did show off a fair bit of cleavage while hugging my body rather flatteringly. Also, because I am lazy, I wore a pair of yoga pants. My cutest clothing pieces were my matching zebra print bra and thong, but she couldn’t see that.

She must have seen my uncertainty because she spoke up again. “It’s cuter than this anyway.” She gestured to the grey shirt that hung off one of her shoulders and the sweatpants that she had double-knotted onto her waist and still had it hanging on crookedly.

“Oh right, you need to buy new clothes.” I shrugged.

“With what money?” She asked taking the seat across from me. “I can’t imagine that you have jobs while in hiding.”

“Well our leader, whom I’m sure you will meet at some point, provides for us?”

“All of us? How?”

“Have you ever heard of a business known as Winship Incorporated?”

“Are you telling me that our ‘leader’ is Erica Winship?” She asked, more than a little skeptical.

“That would be correct.” I shrugged.

“I thought we were in hiding. How does that work out if our leader is the CEO of a billion dollar business?”

“We aren’t in hiding in the sense that drawing attention to ourselves will automatically result in our death.”

“Then what sense are we in hiding.”

“Uh, well… we aren’t.”

“I was told that if I didn’t follow Alistair and Sirah I would be immediately caught by Witch Hunters.”

“Well they may have fibbed.” I replied sheepishly. “But hey, you get to learn magic.”

“I also get to disappear on my family.”

“It’s better this way.”

“How is it better this way? My parents must be terrified! I go out for a date with my boyfriend and never come home. Zed is probably considered a kidnapper now.”

“Your parents are hardly the most important thing at the moment. We have bigger concerns at the moment.”

“Is this another lie?”

“No. As a matter of fact, it isn’t. The world is on the brink of cataclysm.”

“What about cats?” She knit her brows together in a way that made her look somewhat like a child. It was cute, really.

“Cataclysm. In other words the world isn’t going to be quite the same afterwards.”

“Is that a bad thing?”

“Very bad. In all honesty it might spell out the apocalypse.”

“I recognize that word.” Suddenly she managed to turn even paler than before. “What’s causing all this?”

“A very powerful entity.”

“Who?”

“We aren’t entirely sure.” I admitted. “All I know is that we are civilizations last hope. Does that take precedence over your parents missing you.”

“I guess. Can I at least call them to tell them I’m OK?”

“No, nothing to tether you to the mundane. This is your life now.”

“Well speaking of my family, why aren’t they mages?” I could tell by her still furrowed eyebrow that she was still upset but at least she seemed to accept things.

“Magic can lay dormant for hundreds of generations before presenting itself. That’s the reason all the mages weren’t wiped out during the Witch Trials. Anyway, I told you I would tell you the story of the time I wet my pants. Right?”

“Are you trying to change the subject?”

“Yes. Anyway, I was fifteen and I was an apprentice for a sorcerer-“

“Wait sorcerer? How’s that different from a mage?”

“Well mages can manipulate magic on their own. A sorcerer, on the other hand, requires a conduit to focus their magic.”

“A conduit? Like a wand or something?”

“I wish I could get ahold of a wand. Unfortunately I am stuck using salts.”

“Salt?” She asked furrowing her eye brow, once again giving her the appearance of a child. It was cute, really.

I retrieved the pouch I had on the side of my waist and withdrew four vials about as long as my index finger and not much wider. The contents of these vials were salts of various colors. “These are salts and by consuming just a pinch I can – for a limited time – control a form of magic.”

“Why are they different colors?” She asked rolling a vial containing green salt between her thumb and index finger.

“Well each vial contains a different salt. Different salts allow me to control different forms of magic. The red vial gives me power over fire and healing-“

“Fire and healing? That seems a bit… uh opposite.”

“I don’t make the rules. Omo-secret does, and apparently after watching the Karate Kid movie with Jackie Chan and Jaden Smith he associates fire with healing for some deranged reason.”

Katie seemed a little taken back by my one breath rant. “Uh, ok then.” She mumbled.

“Anyway, blue allows me to control water and ice.” For once she didn’t interrupt me. “And violet allows me to control lightning.”

“Just lightning? That seems a little… boring. Shouldn’t lightning be associated with healing… or at least fire?”

“You’ve clearly never fired lightning from your fingertips before. In any case it’s not just lightning. It’s also magnetism and a whole slew of other things.”

“What about this cool green vial?” She asked handing it back to me as I deposited my salts back into my hip pouch.

“It simply strips the previous salts effect.”

“Why would you want to do that?”

“Well if you need to change salts you have to strip the salt’s before it from your system. Otherwise you blow up.”

Her eyes went wide in a mixture of fright and curiosity. She definitely reminded me of a child at times. It was cute, really. “really?” She asked.

“No. Probably not, anyways. I just know that it won’t be good.”

“Well anyway, you were telling me a story.” She prompted.

“Right. OK, so my sophomore year I began an apprenticeship with a sorcerer. It was nice enough, I lived on their property and I even was allowed to go to school in their town. His wife didn’t like me much. Probably wasn’t too happy when he brought home a girl with double D’s but she was decent enough. Until one day, anyway.”

“One last question.” She suddenly spoke up.

“Last one.” I rolled my eyes. She certainly talks a lot.

“How did you find a sorcerer to mentor you in the first place?”

“He found me actually. I never really asked how.”

“That seems a little… irresponsible.”

“Look. He taught me magic. I was content with that and so should you.”

“Sorry.” She squeaked.

“Anyway, one day the sorcerer was on a business trip and it was just me and his wife. Well apparently she decided I wasn’t doing enough to earn my keep so she, being a wizard, set up a containment field that trapped me within proximity of the sink until I finished cleaning them. I guess I hadn’t been washing the dishes very often because it felt like there was a mountain of them. It didn’t exactly help that I had to pee either.”

“I can see where this is going.” Katie scrunched up her face.

“Yeah, well I did my best. You know the routine, cross my legs, double over, hold myself, hop up and down… The hot water and the waiting won out in the end. She wasn’t exactly happy when she found me standing in a puddle. I was dismissed shortly afterwards and that is why I am here.”

“And I was embarrassed for wetting myself at gun point.” She laughed.

“You are a bit rude, you know that?”

“Sorry.” She shrugged this time. “Although I do have another question.”

“What?” I asked a little uneasily.

“What is Alistair?” She asked in a whisper.

I laughed a little bit. “You mean species?”

“Yeah… he doesn’t seem…”

“well he isn’t of earth if that’s what you are getting at.” I replied. I laughed once more as I saw how wide her eyes got. “He’s an alien. Last of his kind actually. All very superman really. He even has laser eyes.”

“Really?” He eyes were still wide, but now they seemed more excited than surprised.

“Well yeah, but he needs those hipster glasses to focus his powers. They are all eye based for whatever reason. I think he says he’s promethean. Not like the god awful movie, but yeah.”

From behind her the other recruit walked in. The night elf’s hair was dripping with water and he also wore clothing a little too big for him. Note to self, buy various sizes of clothing. He barely entered the room before Katie rushed to greet him, apparently already over the fact that she was living with an alien.

“Good morning, sleepy head.” She cooed as she tickled his side. The poor boy practically leaped across the room.

“Great! The two of you are awake. Now hurry up and eat breakfast and we can begin your first lesson. I didn’t have to tell them twice, evidently. They both rushed to make themselves breakfast. It wasn’t until they began to eat did I learn that Katie is the sloppiest eater in the entire world. Zedikiah on the other hand is much cleaner. Odd, really.

After they finished their meal I led them to the training room. On the way there, Katie finally decided to fill Zed in on the conditions of their stay. “So, Zed… we won’t be able to talk to our families… there is a cataclysm or something to deal with.”

“A cataclysm? Like an apocalypse?” He asked, glancing at me.

“Something like that.” I shrugged.

“So we are going to stop an apocalypse. Neat.” He smiled.

“But you can’t talk to your family.” Katie stated again. I really thought she had moved on from that.

“Oh well.” Zed shrugged. “Wasn’t exactly my parent’s favorite anyway.” He said it like he was telling her about the weather. Almost as if it was just another trivial fact. I frowned slightly but said nothing.

“Well here we are.” I said. I pushed my way through a set of double doors into a large concrete room. Zed and Katie followed me a little nervously. “Welcome to magic 101.”

“It looks like a giant storm shelter.” Zed mumbled.

“Well, it takes a lot to stand up to the forces of magic.” I shrugged. “Anyways, we are going to start off with something basic.”

“Like pulling a bunny out of a hat?” Katie asked. I wasn’t entirely sure she wasn’t serious.

“Well no, we are doing some conjuring, though.” I said as I withdrew the red salt vial and pinched a few grains and dropped them into my mouth. The spicy flavor brought tears to my eyes and I had to fight the urge to cough it out. I barely managed to choke it down.

“Wow, magic looks like a lot of fun.” Zed said drily.

“Unlike you I don’ t have the luxury of being a mage. So, shut it. Anyway all you two have to do is visualize what it is you are conjuring. In this case, a flame.” To demonstrate I stuck my arm out with the palm facing up. I clenched my fist and willed a flame to appear. When I opened it a wisp of fire crackled in my palm.

“Oh my Gosh! That’s awesome!” Katie exclaimed.

“That is pretty cool.” Zed admitted.

“Now you try. Just concentrate and focus on the flame appearing.”

I watched as they mimicked me, constantly closing and opening their fists with rather intense looks on their face. As the hour progressed the results gradually grew more and more impressive… for Katie anyway. By the time she had conjured sparks and even smoke Zed hadn’t had any tangible results (though he insisted he felt his hands warm up). When Katie finally did conjure up a wisp of fire Zed only managed to create visible heat waves which radiated from his palm. The poor night elf was quite discouraged by the end of the lesson.

“Alright. Good effort… the both of you.” I said unconvincingly. Why did they assign me to be the teacher? I shook the thought away. “Alright, well let’s head to the gymnasium.”

“You will get it down.” Katie reassured the moping Zed as I led them to the weapons closet. As we entered the wide gymnasium I ducked under the volleyball net to get to the other side of the room and unlocked the door revealing a small room full of various types of low tech weapons.

“No guns.” Zed observed.

“Yeah, trust me. That’s a good thing.”

“Why is that? Katie inquired.

“Have you ever used a gun?” they both shook their head. “Thought so. Your hands might not have been attached if you did. Magic doesn’t react very well to gunpowder and will usually cause it to explode within close proximity.

“So if that guy had gotten a little bit closer…” Katie trailed off.

“Well he would have lost his hand on the good side but you probably would be pulling shrapnel from yourselves. It’s a good think you “awoke” when you did.” I nodded. “Alright now take your pick from the lot.”

“If we can use magic why exactly do we need to use weapons?” Zed inquired.

“You don’t have an unlimited amount of magical energy. Eventually you are going to tire yourself out.” I shrugged, handing him a bow, quiver full of arrows and a machete.

“Besides from what I saw, you are not going to be using magic anytime soon, pleb.” Sirah sneered.

Katie jumped as she seemed to have appeared from nowhere while Zed merely blushed. “You saw that?”

“Indeed. Your girlfriend is quite the student. You on the other hand… well we know who the settler in your relationship is.”

Zed merely lowered his head. Katie, on the other hand seemed to have gone feral.

“You listen here; Zed will be twice the mage you ever will be. Just you wait, vampire slut.”

“So it is also revealed which one of you two wears the pants in the relationship.” Sirah said, barely reacting to Katie’s explosion. “It will be a pleasure getting to know you, pleb. Till then, I bid you ado.” Sirah gave a mock bow before strutting away.

“Don’t mind her; you get crabby being several hundred years old.”

“How old is she exactly? She only looks like fifteen.” Katie mumbled still a little angry.

“Sixteen technically. But she has been sixteen since the Witch Trials. One of the only survivors. She’s the one who has taught most of us. Including Erica.”

“Well she’s a… jerk.” Katie mumbled.

“So you give the elf a bow and arrow. Racist much?” Zed gave a weak smile.

“Well, are you good with them?” I raised an eyebrow.

“Yeah, but that’s not the point.”

“It’s not racist if she’s right.” Katie teased, tickling him. It was amazing how far he could move in under a second.

“That doesn’t make it not racist. You can’t just assu-“ Katie found a very effective means of shutting him up.

“If you are one of those couples that makes out every five minutes I’m going to hurl.”

Katie pulled away with a grin. “hehehe.” She giggled before leading Zed somewhere more private.

“Wear a condom!” I called after the two of them before heading to find my own man. Where or where is Timmins when you need him? I smirked.

So sorry for the delay! Some issues came up, and I actually have to go back and rewrite the rest of what I had for this story because I decided to go in a different direction with this series than what I had planned. In any case, I hate to do this but this story will go on hiatus. Fear not though, the story will continue on early November. I may write a brief mini-chapter that further elaborates on Brittany's accident though in the mean time. No promises though. In any case thank you for those of you who take the time to review. It really does mean a lot:)

