Ghost Recon - Page 2

Author: DespLover9021

*025*2014-07-04 02:10

{{: 

Talk to the team.

}}

{{: 

Talk to the team, make sure they understand and remember the plan

}}

Ok thats two

*026*2014-07-04 02:21

You decide it would be best if you were to talk to your team about the situation.

"Are you guys as nervous as i am right now going into this drop? They all nod some are crossing their legs back and forth because they are that nervous.

Ok im gonna go over the plan one more time before we drop.

We're gonna drop into the zone swim inland use the recon drone to find the target and then we are gonna move in and take him out"

*they get prepared for the drop and then each member runs out the airplane and they drop at 3000 ft or so they all pull their cords and manuever into the water they drop into the water safely and they swim to shore so far everything is going according to plan but then something messes it up.

A coupe of snipers on the buildings engage them and then a machinegunner engages them as well.

You have to think fast you only have 2 options here

1. Tell your sniper to engage the enemy snipers and then tell the machinegunner to fire on the enemy

2. Go solo-wolf and possibly get killed

*029*2014-07-05 08:41

{{: 

Go for option 1.

}}

{{: 

Tell the sniper and machine gunner to open fire

}}

Thats 2

Your team is taking heavy effective fire from your 12 o'clock position so you decide to give your sniper and machine gunner a chance to earn a kill.

Sniper! take out that snipers nest! Gunner once she's taken out the nest open fire on that emplaced machine gunner!

Both answer MA'AM YES MA'AM! *the sniper aims at the counter snipers and is waiting for a clean shot on the enemy. As the sniper is doing this you notice from your sensor grenade readout that your about to be overrun from your left flank and you only have a couple of options and the bladder situation is not helping at all especially when you wet yourself before you got on the plane but you figure that the drop must've jolted your bladder more than you thought so you decide that its either you wet yourself or go to the bathroom and risk letting your team getting flanked so that you can have a moment of relief.

Options

1. Have the drone officer arm the drone and take out the enemy flanking and give the sniper enough time to get a clean shot on the enemies position also risking your bladder.

2. Go to the bathroom and let your team get killed so you can have a moment of relief

3. ignore the bladder and be a risky S.O.B and go commando on the enemy almost getting yourself killed

*032*2014-07-05 18:53

{{: 

Once again I shall go with option 1.

}}

{{: 

I'm going to say option 1

}}

Ok thats 2 time for a response

###

You decide it would be best if you take out the enemies flanking you hoping your bladder wont give out before that.

You order the drone officer to arm the drone and take out the enemies flanking the team.

She does so and they manage to hold the line and the sniper gets the shot and they get that part out of the way but as soon as the machine gunner engages she gets shot and wets herself.

You mutter a curse word to yourself and try to figure a way out of the situation. you see something in the distance but cant correctly identify what it is. The radio is going off like crazy the commanders are wondering whats going on down there.

Your scared because if the commanders find out the team is pinned they may send in more resources then is necessary and pull them out of there, although your not in a real position to be arguing with anyone especially when your machine gunner is hit and your other team members are scrambling to pick up the pieces. With all thats going on you cant think straight and cant come up with a solution and you feel lost.

Options

###

Its your turn to come up with the options on how the situation goes from here. everyone participating must give a solution and then a vote is to be conducted whichever one wins i will use it for the next part.

*037*2014-07-07 04:27

{{: 

I would have the machine gunner provide suppressive fire while the drone officer recons the situation. After you have identified the targets, have the sniper take them out while you and the team go forward to engage the enemy.

}}

{{: 

Yeah that sounds better, i'll go with that instead.

}}

{{: 

Auseklis' plan sounds good :)

}}

Ok guys that's 3 reply will be coming later on today

*038*2014-07-07 08:29

(The machine gunners injured which means their accuracy and effectiveness takes a dive)

You order the machine gunner to suppress the enemy and then have the drone officer recon the situation and identify targets for the sniper while the team moves up.

You seem to think this plan is working because the enemy cant fire back except for any rooftop snipers that may still be hiding on the rooftops out of sight.

The team moves up with you taking point and start to clear out the houses encountering one particularly nasty and heavily fortified one.

You need a way in but you dont have a lot on you that you can use to breach the door and you have to decide fast because an armored truck is coming down the road towards you.

Inventory:

3x .223 AR15 magazines

3x .9mm UZI magazines

4x sensor grenades

1x c2 breaching charge (must use wisely)

10x c4 claymore

*040*2014-07-09 01:51

{{: 

Use breaching charge on door.

}}

Thats one now lets see what the rest have to say

*042*2014-07-09 08:49

{{: 

Use breaching charge on door.

}}

{{: 

Breaching charge on the door

}}

Ok thats 2 response to come soon

*043*2014-07-09 16:10

(from now on im gonna present info to you guys based on my technical knowhow and military knowhow and you guys are gonna be the ones coming up with the solutions and its gonna be 3 votes now before a new part is given based on the best chosen Plan of Action)

Deciding that your gonna go more the explosive breach way you take out a C2 tactical breaching charge and put the red wire in at the same time flipping the switch and placing it on the door and being handed a flash bang by one of your teammates and counting down on your fingers until the charge blows the door clean off its hinges and taking out someone that was inside the door. As soon as that happens every target in that building knows your there and they open fire through the front door.

You pull the pin and hold the primer on the grenade and throw it in there making it hit another wall and bouncing off before it hits the floor and explodes. You move in and encounter a high number of enemies and they're all armed to the teeth with better weapons than you have. But ghost recon knows how to clear em out and you do so achieving the ghosts motto "only the dead fight fair".

You find the house but theres a problem your HUD is messing up and its not highlighting targets like its supposed to as if its getting jammed by something. At this point not having a hud that can ID targets is a bad thing, so you call into overlord and they tell you how to reset the system but that your about to be sorrounded by enemy insurgents from all sides and your starting to run low on ammo. Theres only so many options the team can take and you realize hiding in a bush is not a good one even with active camo if anything moves nearby or if they are searthing and you shoot they will know where you are immediately even with suppressors. You can fortify a building while the team resets the hud and setup some drone defenses to cover your asses while you reset it and let the techs figure it out later.

And theres another problem you find out that the enemy leader is going to be moving to a secret location codenamed 'Delta-Ops 9076' and you guys dont have intel and dont know where it is, but you do know that you only have an hour and 30 minutes to take her down but the system reset will take at least an hour and 20 minutes. Or you can pull out scrub the mission and risk letting her get away again and taking months even years to find her again.

Options

Up to you guys how you want this to play out.

*045*2014-07-10 05:09

{{: 

Ok, i'm generally not that good at coming up with scenarios, but here goes: Set up drone defenses around the house and see if you can use your hacker tool to find whatever is jamming your HUD and stop it, that way you won't have to waste time reseting the entire system, and maybe hacking into the network will also tell you where the secret location is.

}}

Ok thats not bad and i think ill add my own in here.

Activate automated drone defenses and use the quick reset button on the side of the glasses that carry the augmented reality system and then use any scout drones to find a way to isolate the leader from the rest of the command structure and call in a air strike from the nearby carrier and take out the compound.

*047*2014-07-13 22:09

{{: 

My vote goes to set up drone defenses and have your sniper climb onto the roof and get a lay of the land/ kill enemies. Use your hacker to try and find the enemy jammer. When the jammer is down advance on the target

}}

Ok i think ill use that one for the reply

*048*2014-07-14 04:47

The team decides to setup drone defenses and try to buy themselves some time to find these guys and take out the jammer thats jamming their Augmented reality. The drones come in handy as wave after wave of SPETZNAZ (almost the russian equivilant of the navy seals) operators come in and hit the ghost team hard and they manage to disable the signal and take out the spetnaz fighters as they move up and find the leader but she manages to elude them and they have to find a way out of the area so they can get picked up.

(only once) They have several options:

1. throught the open forest

2. through the rock pass

3. through the storm drains (sewers) that lead to the water extraction zone

