Anime Omo - Digimon (Tai/Sora)

Author: heimdal

*000*2020-04-14 17:44

Tai had been traveling through the desert with Sora for what felt like an eternity. They had scattered earlier when they were attacked by an impossibly large group of Numemon, no doubt sent by Etemon to disrupt their plans (as if they had a plan, Tai thought bitterly), but if they were going to stand any chance of stopping Etemon they would have to regroup. Fortunately for them, and unfortunately, Tai was sure, for the other groups, he and Sora had been the designated water carriers on their little desert expedition. They had kept well hydrated in the sweltering heat, although by now Tai had emptied the large flask he carried. Despite the generous intake of water, he was still somehow parched after breathing the hot dry air for a further half hour.

Tai had needed to pee for a couple hours, and his bladder and mouth dueled for supremacy until he decided that his increasing thirst was worse than his increasingly uncomfortable bladder. “Hey Sora, could I get some of your water? Mine’s out.” At first Sora didn’t seem to hear him, she seems distracted, Tai thought, though God knows what could possibly distract her out here. Biyomon nudged her master and broke her out of her trance as Tai repeated his request. “Oh, uh” Sora looked guiltily in the other direction, “I sort of drank all mine too” she said with a nervous giggle. “What?! You had like, twice as much water as me to begin with!” Tai was incredulous, how could such a petite girl drink that much.

As they continued their interminable march towards the desert edge (assuming Agumon did, in fact, know north from south based on the sun’s position) both pre-teens began to slow down. Tai slowed because his bladder had gotten noticeably worse, and it was becoming difficult to walk properly. He occasionally grabbed at his crotch when he was certain Sora and Biyomon weren’t looking (Agumon was well aware of Tai’s predicament but mercifully said nothing) and was grateful that Sora also seemed to be slowing her pace. Tai had always been pee shy, but the digital world wasn’t exactly flush with bathrooms and he and the others had learned to discreetly go behind a tree when needed. Trouble was there were no trees in sight.

If he were with one of the boys, or even any other girl, he would have mastered his embarrassment and asked them to not look for a minute, but he had to be stuck with Sora, of all people. She was so pretty, and Tai always seemed to get warm and flustered when they were alone.

Suddenly he felt Agumon tugging at his sleeve and pointing ahead. He looked up and saw Sora, incredibly, pushing her knees together and doing what appeared to be a potty dance. Of course! Tai had a sudden revelation, if I have to pee this bad I can only imagine how badly she must need to go. Feeling Tai’s eyes Sora turned around and blushed furiously. “Sorry Tai, I guess I shouldn’t have drunk so much. I’ll be ok though!” She smiled unconvincingly, “lets just hurry to the desert edge.” Tai had a rush of emotions at this revelation, but mostly he felt deep sympathy for his unacknowledged crush, and anger at his powerlessness to help her. At least he could just whip it out and go if it got bad enough, but there was absolutely no way Sora would take her pants and undies off in an open desert with clear visibility for miles around.

Tai took the lead to give Sora some privacy behind him, walking slowly as Biyomon gave her the encouragement that Tai was too embarrassed to give. It would be too cruel for him to whip it out and pee now, with Sora in such dire straits, so he gritted his teeth and marched on, forcing himself to walk upright even though he wanted nothing more than to stop and grab himself. He realized that Sora’s footsteps had stopped and he turned around. Sora was bent over, tears in her eyes, “Tai, I, I don’t think I’m going to make it, oh my God I really have to go.”

Tai’s eyes went wide as he glanced at her crotch area, where there was already a wet spot, and Tai realized with a jolt that she had already peed herself a little. This can’t be happening Tai’s mind was racing, there’s no way a 12 year old girl is going to pee their pants, even Kari’s never done that, and she’s 8! “Hey now,” Tai felt a deep upwell of compassion and a protective urge which quieted his own screaming bladder, “I really have to pee too, see?”

His protective instinct overpowering his pride, Tai allowed himself to do an undignified potty dance in front of her. “But I…” Sora gasped and doubled over again “I drank so much more than you and… I’m sorry Tai, I don’t think I can hold…” Tai stood stunned as the wet spot on her crotch began to grow rapidly she’s, she’s actually wetting her pants. Sora began to cry in earnest now as she sat in a puddle, Biyomon helpless to comfort her. Tai wanted her to stop crying, wanted it more than he had ever wanted anything in his young life, and he had a sudden, insane idea to make it happen.

After a brief inner battle between his pride and his heart, those twin pillars of all teen boys, his heart won out and Tai relaxed his aching bladder. His brown shorts got darker in spurts, before he finally worked up the nerve to carry out his plan and started fully going to the bathroom right then and there, wetting his pants for the first time since he was a little kid. Sora was so shocked she actually stopped crying as rivers of pee flowed down both of Tai’s legs.

At that moment Tai wasn’t paying attention to anything but the divine relief he felt in finally freeing his long-suffering bladder. As his stream slowed to a trickle Tai came back down to Earth (well, digi-Earth at any rate) and was nearly as shocked as Sora. What the hell was I thinking?! Did I seriously just pee myself? Even though it was semi-deliberate, Tai was deeply embarrassed and looked around to make sure Kari and Matt weren’t on the horizon (he wasn’t sure which person he would less like to see right now). But he heard a peal of laughter ripple through the desert and turned back to Sora, who was wiping her nose and eyes and, incredibly, smiling.

“I guess seeing me pee was too much for your bladder huh? I thought boys were supposed to be stronger down there,” she teased, continuing in a baby voice “what would Kari say if she knew her big brother had a wittle accident.” Tai blushed, but on some level enjoyed her teasing, certainly far more than her tears, and replying by sticking out his tongue, “Psh, this is all your fault, whatever, in this sun we’ll be dry in 30 minutes anyway.” Tai helped her up, noting that the sand was sticking to her soaking wet jeans. “Anyway, lets never mention this to anyone, ok? It will be our secret!” Sora smiled weakly at him, “You don’t have to tell me twice, as if I want anyone knowing I peed myself…and Tai?”

“what?” he replied as he stared walking next to Agumon, “thanks.” Although Sora couldn’t see his face, Tai was beaming ear to ear.

