Luke and Annie - Halloween (CW: Sex)

Author: JTryinToHold

*000*2023-04-15 17:43

Hello All,

This is a little story I wrote for someone on the forum. Sadly, we don't chat much anymore, but I've changed the names and figured you all might enjoy it. There are some fairly smutty descriptions of sex in this story, so consider yourself warned. I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it! It's long, but I think worth the read.

###

The one-time trist had evolved from the office to the bedroom and everywhere in between. Luke and Annie were seeing each other every second they could, while still doing everything in their power to keep it secret. Luke couldn’t be seen taking favorites in his class, even though Annie was constantly the best in his subject. Sometimes she would make simple mistakes while they were working on problems and then she would stick out her ass towards him, waiting for him to spank it. He loved doing so, and his office hours became shorter and shorter until he hardly ever held them at all. Any moment he could have his hands on her body was the best moment.

The long summer days with sweaty bodies intertwined were giving way to cooler autumn months and late October was turning the trees red with the promise of winter.

“Alright everyone, listen up.” Luke addressed the class at the end of the lecture. Annie was seated directly in the front, her tight leggings showing no sign of panties underneath. Just as he liked her. “We have a test on Friday.” A groan followed. “I know, I know. It’s Halloween and the last place you want to be is in a lecture hall at 5PM taking a test. So I’m going to make things interesting for you!” He announced. The crowd perked up, a quiet mumble over taking the annoyance. Even Annie raised an eyebrow, as she was normally well aware of his lesson plans. He smiled to himself as she looked surprised

“This year, we are having a costume contest. Best costume gets 10 points of extra credit on the exam. This exam is worth 30% of your grade, so get crafty and we will see who wins! See you all on Friday!” The class trickled out, with a few lingering students approaching Luke to speak with him about their grades, extra credit, all things that mattered to him much less than Annie. When they finally left, she was standing there with her hands behind her back, swaying her hips.

“God, they took forever.” She mused, putting her palms down on the desk and leaning forward to kiss him. It was a familiar kiss, but one that still sent a jolt through his body. He breathed in deeply, taking in her perfect scent. “I’ve got to go, class in 20 minutes across campus, but I’m excited to see your Halloween costume.” She winked at him before packing up her things and heading for the door.

“What’s your rush?” He asked, blocking her path.

“I have to pee, really really badly, professor. You don’t want me to wet myself, do you?” She pouted playfully as she wiggled her hips again, displaying her desperation before pushing past him and heading to the bathroom. Luke was left longing to tear her clothes off and take her right there on the desk in the lecture hall. They had tried it once, but they had almost been caught and agreed only to sneak back in the evenings.

The week was busy, and Annie was only able to come over to his house for a few minutes on Thursday evening. She came over bubbly and excited.

“I can’t wait to show you my costume tomorrow, sir.” She said, seated at the foot of the bed with her hands tied. She was sitting there as her master undressed and showered. It was her position to wait in for as long as he saw fit. Some nights, he would finally return to her to find her surrounded by a puddle. He had waited too long and she had given up the fight against her bladder. Some nights, he returned to find her dripping wet in anticipation and pleasure, waiting for him to take her and make her his.

“I’m excited to see it as well.” Said Luke as he excited the shower and put his entire body on display for his good girl. She watched as he grew fully erect in front of her, still waiting to touch her. The dance was a simple one, one of passion but mostly one of anticipation. “But I think you’ve already gotten all the extra credit you are going to need. You have the highest grade in the class.” He assured her, tipping her chin to him and kissing her deeply. She could smell the shower on him, hot and sticky and steamy. The soap she had picked out still lingered on his skin.

“Maybe so, sir. But I want to do even better.” Her competitive look was one that drove him crazy. She would get this glint in her eyes that meant nothing would stop her from impressing Sir. He loved that look,

“We will see. Are you going to be a good girl for me tonight, Annie?” She nodded enthusiastically. “Good. Good Girls wait. Do you understand?” Again she nodded, and he took her onto the bed and pulled out a short piece of silk rope and a large vibrator. The vibrator was clicked on and started to buzz excitedly. Luke took her legs and closed them around the vibrator and then tied them tightly together. Annie squirmed against the sensation, the vibrator tucked tightly against her clit with her hands and legs tied.

“Oh fuck.” She moaned, a gasp escaping her lips as he took her nipples between his fingers and squeezed them. Her back arched as he took her nipple between his teeth, gently biting them as he knew she loved. “Sir, please.” She moaned, but he was not interested in her pleas. Instead, he took her breasts between his hands and, straddling her, thrust his cock through them, rocking back and forth as she and him moaned together.

“Sir, I’m getting close.” She bit her lip as he clicked the vibrator up another level. He could feel the vibrations in her chest as he pressed himself against her. He bit her neck and ear as she squirmed and bucked, wanting to allow herself to release.

“You have to wait.” Luke demanded, his voice stern and authoritative.

“I don’t know if I-” She was cut off as he removed the vibrator from between her legs. The waves of pleasure that almost crested were stopped and cut short. Instead she was left with a feeling of frustration.

“Good girls can wait, haven’t I told you this?” He said, a glint in his eye that suggested he was greatly enjoying this. He rolled her over and spanked her three times, hard. “Maybe that will teach you to wait.” He folded her legs upwards, still tied at the knees, and placed the vibrator just above her clit. While doing so, he thrust himself into her and she moaned loudly, the sensations mounting again.

“Yes, Sir, Please! Harder!” She shouted in between thrusts as he pressed himself more deeply into her. He continued, his cock hard and firm as it pushed into her tight pussy. Her legs together made the sensation even more intense for the both of them.

“What are you wearing tomorrow?” He challenged as he took the vibrator away from her, causing her body to buck and squirm again. He knew she was getting close and wasn’t telling him, a thing she would have to be punished for later.

“It’s a secret, sir.” Annie noted, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

“A secret, huh?” Luke said thoughtfully as he pulled himself out of her. She moaned.

“Sir, please come back.” She whimpered, grinding her hips into the air.

“First tell me what you won’t be wearing.” He demanded, his cock twitching to explode.

“Panties, sir. I won’t be wearing any. I promise.” She nodded excitedly.

“That’s a good start.” He said, placing his cock in her mouth and returning the vibrator to her clit. She moaned while she sucked on him, tasting herself.

“Please sir, let me cum.” She asked between gasps. But Luke did not oblige her. Instead, he removed himself from her mouth and with two quick motions exploded, covering her chest with his cum.

“Fuck, that felt good.” He noted evilly as he removed the vibrator from her just seconds before she came. Stopped short, she gasped and panted heavily, his cum dripping off her breasts. “Good girls tell Sir everything. I guess you’ll just have to wait until tomorrow.”

With that, he left her tied up beside him as he finished getting ready. He left her with a kiss, undoing her bonds. “Don’t even think about it.” He took the vibrator with him to ensure that she behaved herself that evening.

The next day came and the campus was full of sexy and fun costumes. The classic sexy firefighter, slutty cat. None of which would be winning any costume party but may win a heart or two.

Everyone was filing into the classroom with lots of different costumes. Some were obviously made mere moments before, but some were more thought out, exciting. Movie characters and book adaptations showed lots of creativity. Luke looked around to see Annie, but she wasn’t among the first to enter. Her seat was empty for a few minutes longer than usual when she finally entered the room, taking her seat and looking at him expectantly. Luke’s heart stopped for a moment, and then began to beat very quickly.

In walked Alice from Alice in Wonderland, wearing the blue and white frilly apron, and white stockings that went up to her thigh with little white bows on them. The bust was low and showed off her cleavage generously. She eyed him up as she said down, her short brunette hair dyed blonde for the evening. As she sat, she uncrossed her legs and Luke saw she had obeyed him, no panties.

It took him a minute to compose himself before issuing the test out, making some comment about taking your time, and letting the students begin. Every head dropped to the test, furiously starting to scribble down solutions. Every head, except Annie’s. She watched him like a hawk as he watched her adjust her apron a second time. This time it was abundantly clear that she was freshly shaven and very much naked beneath the apron. He stood behind the lecture stand to hide his growing arousal, a movement which seemed to satiate her. She began on her test, easily working her way through the questions. The class moved quickly as well, and as people started handing in their tests, Luke made a quick announcement.

For a moment, he noticed her shift in her seat. Her hand absentmindedly lingered to her thighs and she squeezed it for a moment. He knew her tells, she was growing more desperate. His mind lingered on the thought of her wearing no panties and trying to convince her body it was not time to go. Annie had an iron bladder, but he had seen her leak before when naked and desperate. He wondered how tight the sash across her apron was. He thought about how it was pushing into her bladder. The test was long, and she was starting to fidget more. Their eyes met with about twenty minutes left and her pleading look drove him crazy.

“Make sure to write down your costume on the exam, so I know who was wearing what. I’ll announce the best costume on Monday.” There was no doubt in his mind who he was voting for. Students left quickly, filtering out as they finished the test that he had deliberately shortened that day. He wanted everyone gone as soon as possible.

He expected Annie to finish last, as she always tried to do, but instead she finished ahead of a few final students. When she turned in her test, she was about to leave when Luke brushed against her arm and pointed her back to her seat. None of the other students noticed, still furiously working through their exam. But Annie’s eyes betrayed her desperation. He noticed the large water bottle that she had brought to class was empty, implying that many ounces of water was torturing her bladder. He found his eyes wandering to her waist and saw the bulge of her bladder pressing against her tight apron. She blushed. “Sir-” She breathed quietly, her thighs squeezed tightly together. He stared her down, knowing that she wanted to hold for him. Quietly, she returned to her seat and began to wiggle in her chair. The powder blue skirt was in danger of turning darker with wetness.

As the last students left the classroom, Luke bolted the door. Annie was biting her lip as she watched him lock the door and turn back to her. She raised her skirt high, shoving her hands between her legs with a moment of relief. The empty room left her free to hold herself.

“Please sir.” Annie moaned, her lip red from being bitten down so hard. “Can I go pee? I’ve been holding it for over an hour!”

“Absolutely not. I have to grade this exam.” He took out her exam from the stack and began slowly checking through it, pretending not to be entirely engrossed in what she was doing. Her left hand moved to clamp down on her crotch while her right hand gripped the chair tightly. He was working through the exam when he noticed a mistake. He gritted his teeth and took his red pen, marking her answer wrong.

“Stop.” He demanded, walking over to her quickly and standing her up. She stopped, her body warm and excited but her face fell when she saw the error. It was a simple error, one that she had made so many times on purpose to get a spank that she had finally made it accidentally. He handed her the piece of chalk and instructed her to do it again. She began, and while she did, he positioned himself underneath her, his tongue playing with her clit as his hands gripped her ass. She moaned as he felt her grow closer and closer to orgasm. Occasionally she would spasm and clench her thighs tightly around his cheeks, her body threatening to soak them both.

She was dancing back and forth, rocking her weight from one foot to the other as she tried to focus on two things at once. Luke wanted to watch her squirm, loving the desperation that they both longed for. She finished the problem. “Please sir, I fixed it. Can I please pee now?” She was gripping her fingers tightly together as she tried to hold on to the feeling of pleasure and desperation. Luke said nothing, instead he inspected the problem and, satisfied, looked at Annie.

“Good girl.” He noted. He unzipped his pants and removed his shirt. She was still watching him closely as he grabbed underneath her thighs and hoisted her up on to the desk, guiding her onto his willing cock. She was in the air, legs wrapped around him while he thrust her against the chalkboard. He pulled off her blue apron and left her there in nothing but stockings as they rocked together. His cock pressing deeply into her and their bodies grinding into one another. His cock twitched and swelled as she moaned loudly in the large empty room.

“Fuck, sir. I’m about to leak” She asked, her arms around his shoulders. He said nothing, simply pulled himself out of her and pressed down on her bladder. A sharp inhale was followed by a moan and then a gasp. A short burst of hot pee exploded out of her before she was able to clamp down again. Her muscles strained against the desperation as piss dripped from her thighs and on to her white stocks, turning them darker.

“Please, sir, I’m going to ruin the desk” Her plea was barely audible as they panted heavily. He was about to cum when she asked. He wanted to see her explode, but refused to let her off the hook so easily.

“Good girls wait.” He reached around and grabbed her hair, pulling her face into his as he came hard, exploding inside of her and letting himself fill her. She shook violently as two days of pent up arousal finally released, her body exploding with pleasure. The final thrust was too much for her, and as he pulled himself out of her, she leaked a second time. She responded just fast enough to clamp her legs together before the floodgates opened and she started wetting herself on the desk. A whimper escaped her lips as she stuck her hands between her legs in a futile attempt to hold back the flood. Luke gently grabbed her hands and placed them on her thighs, letting piss fall to the floor unimpeded. Her white stockings were spattered with wetness and Luke found himself captivated. Her desperate stream slowed and then stopped, leaving the pair panting at the front of the classroom. They were both soaked, and the puddle forming at his feet was her doing.

Her cheeks were burning red and deeply embarrassed, but the sharp grin across her face showed the orgasmic flush had not yet worn off.

“Do you want to see how deep this goes, Sir?” She challenged him and he nodded quickly. The pair hurried out of the lecture hall and headed home to continue the evening.

###

Hope you enjoyed! Let me know if you'd like to read more!

