Jack's mistake

Author: liberty

*000*2015-05-31 12:59

Jack was young and nervous. As he sat in the coffee shop waiting for his date he almost regretted his decision, it had started a few days ago on a kink dating site online. Innocently enough, well as much as discussing fetishes online could be. Jack checked his smartphone again, timidly checking the time as he drank his large milky coffee, he checked his emails to make sure all the details and times were right. This was his first meet up of this sort before and he would be lying to himself if he wasn't terrified. The man he'd been exchanging messages with went by the name of "Mr. tight", a pseudonym he was sure, 'Mr. tight' had exchanged few details but time and place. All Jack knew was that he was meeting an experienced dom and one who had self described, "acquired tastes".

Jack, checked his phone as he sipped the dregs of his coffee. "Mr. tight" was five minutes late.

Jack gasped a little as he saw a man wearing a smart shirt and black trousers gesture to him across the road. The man was handsome and powerfully built, suddenly Jack felt self conscious of his thick glasses and skinny frame. He grabbed his coat and crossed the road raising an arm to shake the mans hand.

"Erm you must be Mr tight" said Jack a little shakily.

"And you must be Jack" Said the man, his hands deep in his pockets refusing to shake his hand.

"Y-yes" said Jack "So what do we do now?"

"Well before we do anything I need to know I have your consent for anything I do tonight" said the man "But in case we cross any of your lines the safe word is 'Chutzpah' okay?"

"Okay" said Jack "So what now?"

"Whatever I say" the man said firmly as he began walking down the quiet street as night fell "Now follow me and be quiet" .

They walked, Jack following the man silently through the evening streets down for a what seemed to Jack like an hour, until they came to a series of garages in one of the more run down parts of town. The man swiftly took a look over his shoulder and opened a garage door. As he peered into the darkness Jack regretted his coffees he had in the shop as the first pangs of needing to urinate started to reverberate around his bladder.

The man turned on a light switch and unveiled a metal table loaded with water bottles, a pair of handcuffs and what looked like several meters of rope.

"Sit down Jack" he commanded as he pulled out a chair removing his coat and putting two liter water bottles in front of the place set at the table. Jack sat as he was told, awkwardly sitting on the cold metal chair. "Now Jack" said the other man "I need you to start drinking those water bottles okay? You have five minutes to drink them both"

Jack hesitantly began to sip one of the two bottles, but as the pressure on his bladder grew he knew he might have to use a toilet soon, never mind after drinking two liters of water. As he quickly drank the first bottle a squirt of urine spurted into his boxers.

"Erm sir" Jack whispered "I need to erm pee" he awkwardly stammered shifting his feet nervously, also as a distraction technique from the growing pain in his bladder.

"Oh dear Jack" the man laughed "Already?"

"Yes sir.... I erm had a few coffee's before we met"

"Well Jack I think you might be in for a damp night"

Standing up Jack said "No erm I'm going to use the toilet" looking around he asked "where is the nearest one?"

The man roughly pushed Jack back down onto the chair, as he did so a long squirt of pee pushed itself into Jacks trousers. While Jack was distracted the man grabbed one of his hands as he went to grab himself and without Jack even realising had handcuffed him to the chair. As Jack was pinned he felt the man tying his skinny legs to the cold metal furniture.

Jack cried out as he was tightly tied to the chair, he knew he was in trouble now and he was barely able to hold in the pee as his only loose limb, his right hand grabbed his damp and dripping crotch as he knew he was going to wet himself very soon.

"Oh Jack your in trouble now arent you?" the man said as he grabbed one of the water bottles and raised it to Jacks mouth, as he ignored Jacks protests he poured the water into Jacks mouth who swallowed the whole liter gulp by gulp. Giving Jack time to breath heavily he soon did the same with the second bottle. Dropping them both to the floor he lifted a small pill box from his coat and grabbed a 500ml bottle from the end of the table.

"Okay Jack this is where the night really begins" he said his handsome face smiling at Jack for the whole duration of his sinister challenge "You will hold your pee for the next hour or their will be a serious consequence, if you are able to control your bladder for this time period you may leave... If not then you will take the maximum dose of these dueritc pills with this water bottle and I will leave you here overnight. Understood?"

Jack nodded too preoccupied with holding his achingly full bladder to be distracted by speaking.

"Good" said the man as he dragged another metal chair over to where Jack sat, the steel scrapping on the concrete floor. He took a smartphone out of his pocket and began taking photo's of Jack in this compromising position.

Jack was holding himself tightly, he knew that he could not hold himself for an hour his damp hands were holding back the tide of pee which comes about from two coffees, a known natural diuretic on top of the whole days accumulated glasses of juice , water and tea. He was starting to regret his plans for the evening. Suddenly his grip on his bladder began to fail and contious large squirts of urine began to pour down his jeans and soak the pants of his trousers.

"Oh Jack... Not even ten minutes?" the man said as Jacks bladder emptied itself all over the floor and down his soaking jeans.

Jack looked down at himself panting with relief as the urine soaked his trousers and pooled around the metal chair. The ropes would be hard to untie now he thought as he knew they would be thick with his pee. He was relived but he knew now he was in for a worse punishment than what he had suffered.

"Jack, Jack, Jack" said the man "You know what happens now dont you? as he got out the box of diuretics and opened the water bottle Jack nodded glumly.

The man dropped the little pills one by one into Jacks mouth and he waited longer than was needed with the water knowing the taste of the medicine must be bitter and sour in Jacks mouth, when he was allowed to drink Jack finished the 500ml bottle and sat there silent with no choice but to wait for whatever his new masters willed to do with him.

"Jack I think your in for a somewhat damp night" said the man as he pushed a ball of rope into Jacks mouth "So we don't want you crying out and spoiling the game now do we?"

Tired and gagged Jack had no choice but to shake his head.

"Good boy" said the man as he turned and moved toward the door of the lock up garage "I will be here at 10am tomorrow morning" putting his leather watch on the table in front of Jack. The time read 9.20pm "So you have nearly ten hours to hope you can hold your pee for longer"

"Goodnight" said the man as he shut the door behind him.

As the thick metal door shut Jack brief a muffled sigh of relief through the thick rope gag, as he began to pee once again into his soaked and cooling jeans.

He could feel the water pills starting to work within him and after nearly three liters of water ingested he knew he was going to have a wet and sleepless night.

