LuigiFantard's Mario Drabbles

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-11-19 05:22

Ehh...why not? These might be a bit too long to be drabbles...And I might actually take rq's too. These drabbles are strictly male rq's only,tho. Sorry. Next I might experience with n00d desperation...

- Piggyback

"How much longer,bro.." Mario moaned,squirming and shaking. He really had to pee,and he and Luigi had been outside for who knows how long. They had gotten lost,but Luigi knew the route home. Now if only they could get there without Mario peeing himself.

"Should be a couple more miles," Luigi responded. He didn't have to go, but seeing that Mario did,he tried to get home as quickly as possible.

"Okay.." Mario's legs were tightly crossed,hands jammed between them. His tight and painful bladder threatened to give way at any sudden movement. "Ohh..."

"Hang on,bro. We're almost home." Luigi reassured him.

"You've said that twice already!" Mario shouted,clearly in pain from his overfilled bladder. He winced as it gave a sudden spasm.

"Mario,calm down.." Luigi gently placed a hand on his shoulder. "It'll get worse the more you stress about it. Just try not to think about it,okay?"

"I-I.." Mario stuttered as a second spasm washed over him,causing him to leak a little. "A-Ah-!!"

"Mario,what's wrong?"

"I-I'm leaking..!" Mario whined,squeezing his crotch tightly. He was squirming desperately,he really needed to go.

"Oh..." Luigi thought about the current situation for a second. "Mario,get on my back!"

"W-Wha..?"

"Come on!" Luigi squatted and pulled Mario onto his back. As he lifted himself up,he sprinted down the pathway to their house,going as fast as he could.

"Luigi,hurry..!" Mario moaned. The jolts from every step made his bladder jerk and spaz out,almost making him lose control. "Mmm...ohh..."

"Hang on,bro! We're almost home!" They barely rounded the corner when Mario's leaks turned into spurts. He knew he wasn't going to make it.

"L-Luigi..!! Put me down,n-now..!" Mario squeaked,slowly losing control. More warm spurts of urine escaped from time to time.

"Why?"

Suddenly Mario lost pretty much all control of himself. He whimpered loudly as he peed forcefully,soaking his overalls...and the back of Luigi's clothes,too.

"Oh.." Luigi could ovbiously feel the warm wetness dripping down his back. Yet he wasn't the slightest bit miffed. "It's okay,bro. Just let it out."

"L-Luigi..." Mario moaned,still peeing. Already a puddle had formed,and some of his own urine was dripping down Luigi's legs. His eyes slowy welled up with tears. "I-I'm sorry..."

"It's okay,bro." Luigi comforted his brother,gently hoisting him off his back as he continued peeing. The back of his overalls were damp,and the urine was starting to soak into his shirt. Mario let himself fall to his knees,into the puddle,and started to cry uncontrollably.

"Hey,it's okay.." Luigi gently rubbed Mario's back,kneeling down to him. "You tried,okay..?"

Mario sniffled and looked up at his younger brother. "I-I..."

"Shh...Don't be sorry. Let's get home and get of these wet clothes,okay?"

Mario only nodded. "Okay..."

So whaddya think?

*001*2015-11-20 03:16

(Definitely not an attempt to bump my topic up. Nope,not at all *whistles innocently*)

- Alone

Mario stood completely nude in the small shower,holding the showerhead and an empty cup. He'd always wanted to see how much water he could hold...and now since Luigi was visiting a friend he had the house to himself for a couple of hours.

He stared at the cup,thinking. He decided to do this in the shower for easy clean up. He twisted the knob,sending hot water through the showerhead,and after adjusting the temperature,he finally got to a lukewarm temperature. He filled the cup with water from the showerhead-and began to drink. And another. He downed six cups of water,and already he was feeling a little uncomfortable.

###

Mario squirmed intensely,he couldn't believe his bladder filled up that quickly! He was tempted to just let go,since he was already in the shower,but now he wanted to see how long he could hold it.

"Ohh..." Mario moaned as he grabbed his crotch and squeezed tightly to keep from leaking.He had to try. He knew it. He tried not to think about his situation...every thought immediately redirected to his aching bladder,begging to release. More desperate moans escaped,his bladder swelling and creating a small bulge that protuded even through his plump tummy.

He rubbed the small bulge just below his belly button,and while this did offer some relief he still had to pee,and really badly too. "Ooohh..Gotta pee..!!" Mario decided to sit down,gingerly resting his heel on his manhood. This actually hurt and kind of made the situation worse.

###

Already Mario was leaking now. He was determined to hold on longer,and he only watched as another spurt jetted out of his member and onto the shower floor. He had actually resorted to doing a little potty dance...but this wasn't enough.

"Should I give up now..?" Mario thought,rubbing the bulge again. He wanted to get this over with. As he made one more resolve that moment,he decided to just let go. He let go of his crotch-by then he would have squeezed himself into halves-and slowly let himself relax.

A small spurt jetted out,adding to the small puddle. Then another. The spurts steadily turned into a stream,which turned into a flood of golden liquid.

###

"Oohhh~..." he moaned loudly as he peed forcefully,turning the small puddles into a stream of urine that flowed all the way to the drain. "Nnnhh..." Mario bit his lip and his head was tilted back as the golden liquid flowed out of him. This felt so,so good... He was still peeing when the front door opened. "Mario,you home?" There was the familliar voice of his younger brother. His moans probably alerted Luigi to where he was,he guessed. Anyway he was stil peeing for a while. Who knew someone so small could hold so much?

*002*2016-02-08 16:48

So I remade one of my favorite drabbles. Yaaaay...

"How much longer,bro.." Mario moaned,squirming and shaking. He really had to pee,and he and Luigi had been outside for who knows how long. They had gotten lost,but Luigi knew the route home. Now if only they could get there without Mario peeing himself.

"Should be a couple more miles," Luigi responded. He didn't have to go, but seeing that Mario did,he tried to get home as quickly as possible.

"Okay.." Mario's legs were tightly crossed,hands jammed between them. His tight and painful bladder threatened to give way at any sudden movement. "Ohh..."

"Hang on,bro. We're almost home." Luigi reassured him.

"You've said that twice already!" Mario shouted,clearly in pain from his overfilled bladder. He winced as it gave a sudden spasm.

"Mario,calm down.." Luigi gently placed a hand on his shoulder. "It'll get worse the more you stress about it. Just try not to think about it,okay?"

"I­-I.." Mario stuttered as a second spasm washed over him,causing him to leak a little. "A­-Ah­!!"

"Mario,what's wrong?"

"I­-I'm leaking..!" Mario whined,squeezing his crotch tightly. He was squirming desperately, he really needed to go.

"Oh..." Luigi thought about the current situation for a second. Without warning,he scooped up his desperate brother and sprinted down the road,carrying him bridal style.

"Luigi,hurry..!" Mario moaned. The jolts from every step made his bladder jerk and spaz out,almost making him lose control. "Mmm...ohh..."

"Hang on,bro! We're almost home!" They barely rounded the corner when Mario's leaks turned into spurts. He knew he wasn't going to make it.

"L­-Luigi..!! Put me down,n-­now..!" Mario squeaked,slowly losing control. More warm spurts of urine escaped from time to time.

Luigi knew the meaning all too well. “Try to hold on. Do you think you’ll make it to the house?”

“N-No…”

“There’s always that tree right there..” he said, pointing to the large oak tree in the yard. Mario blushed, squirming,but if he tried to get to the bathroom,he’d probably increase the sea level. The tree was the next best thing.

Suddenly Mario jumped out of Luigi’s arms,whimpering, with one hand pressed into his crotch.

He dashed behind the tree,and for a while,all was silent. Seconds later all that was heard was the sound of liquid splashing against the sturdy oak tree, followed by a loud, relieved, and somewhat pained “Haaaaaaaaaaahh~...”

Luigi smirked, stretching his arms out. “You look like you’ve been holding a lot..”

“Y-You wouldn’t know..” Mario replied,blushing and shaking. His stream still going strong, he shifted slightly, moaning softly in relief. “Mmmnn..”

Later on Mario finished, his legs shaking slightly. “W-What should I do...I’ve got pee on my clothes..” He blushed and moaned, avoiding eye contact, and pointing to the apple-sized wet patch on his overalls.

“It’s nothing. Come on, go change into something comfortable.”

Mario smiled shyly. “Okay.”

