Desp Story

Author: DreamyMelMel

*000*2011-06-25 05:52

I haven't written a story in a while. So here is one. :)

As normal, I mainly write to fulfill my own desperation dreams. So I hope you enjoy it

Criticism is always welcome... I want to improve my writing

Holly was sitting at her desk finishing up some paper work, waiting to go home for the day. The office bathrooms had been closed and she was dying to pee. She had been holding it for about two hours and knew she would be able to make it home, but she was anxious to just get it over with. When she had finished filling out the papers, she grabbed her purse and headed to the elevator. She hit the third floor button and waited. She had her legs crossed and stood still considering her growing desperation. Once in the elevator, she crossed her legs tighter and silently prayed she would be home soon. She stepped off, and went to the mailroom. She quickly walked inside, dropped the papers and headed back towards the elevator. She hit the button and waited, but it didn’t seem to be coming. She felt a twinge in her bladder and decided to cut her losses and walk the stairs to the first floor. She hurriedly walked down the stairs and to the parking lot.

She opened her purse and grabbed her keys. Before she sat down she looked around and when she saw no one was around she put her hand in her crotch to give her lips a break. She stood there for about a minute then sat in the car. She turned it on, and was on her way home. She drove a little faster than permitted because she was getting more and more desperate, but not fast enough that would get her pulled over. She was almost home when she stopped at a red light. She put her hand in her crotch.

“Oooh god!! Hurry up! I have to pee soo bad!!” She sat at the light for what felt like an eternity. Finally, the light changed and she kept driving. Her house was down a curvy road and she had to drive slow so she didn’t crash. But since it was curvy she had to keep both hands on the wheel which meant she couldn’t hold her crotch. She tightened her lip muscles and hoped that they would withhold the pee for a couple of minutes. This was harder than she thought. Her desperation had grown and she was nearly at her breaking point. When she got off the winding road she put her hand back down and continued home.

She pulled into her driveway and grabbed her purse. She carefully got out of the car. She had her hand in her crotch when she heard her name being called. She removed her hand and turned around. Her neighbor, Alice, walked up to her. Holly crossed her legs and once again hoped her lips were up to the challenge. Alice started talking to her, but all Holly could do was push her thighs together and wait until she finished. But Alice talked about nothing. “I need to pee… I have to pee…” All of the sudden, Holly felt a squirt escape. She slammed her knees together which stopped the fluid from escaping. But she knew she was going to lose control if she didn’t pee soon.

After another minute, Holly couldn’t take it anymore. “Alice, can I call you later, I have an important conference call any second and I don’t want to be later”. Alice agreed and said goodbye. Holly turned around, and shoved her hand into her crotch. She then walked quickly to her house. She got her key out and unlocked the door. She threw her bag on the couch and ran to her room. She took her skirt off and her pantyhose all the while jumping around. “Come on, almost there…. Pee…” She put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and ran into the bathroom. She felt a drop escape, and she clamped down hard. She ran to the toilet and flipped the seat lid up. She instantly sat down she the floodgates opened. The pee was like a waterfall cascading down into the toilet. Holly’s whole body relaxed and her worries seemed to float away. She peed for a minute or so. When she got up, she flushed the toilet and vowed that she would never wait that long to use the bathroom ever again.

