Another Kiku Omorashi

Author: おしっこ我慢

*000*2010-11-06 06:14

Tick, tick, tick. The minutes slugged past Honda Kiku this boring Maths period. He had long since turned his attention from the teacher to the clock. It will be lunch soon, he thought wearily. I can go and get some food, maybe do some shopping. Yes.

'Honda-san!' Kiku shot upwards.

'Y-yes?!' he cried in shock.

'Pay attention!'

''Y-Yes, sir!'' He muttered in embarassment.

He listened for a few minutes but his mind quickly strayed to the idea of his lunch-time shopping plan again. He glanced over to the clock. Only a couple of minutes to go.

Tickkity tickkity tock.

This had to have been the most boring day ever. Kiku needed a good lot of shopping to unmush his brain.

Tickkity tickkity tock.

I think I am falling asleep...he thought lazily.

Then all of a sudden.

BRIINNGG!! The bell went!

Kiku quickly jumped up, shoved his notebooks into his bag and rushed off. He didn't want to waste any time. He wanted to have enough time for quality shopping, after all. On the way out, he passed the bathroom. He hadn't been for a bit and wondered if he should quickly go empty his bladder before he left, but decided he'd do so when he got back.

Off he went, the wind ruffling his fine black hair. It was a hot day. Upon reaching the shopping mall, he realized several students from the school were there too. They must have had the same idea. He saw a calligraphy shop on his left, but his stomach directed him to the food court first. A steaming hot bowl of nikujaga. Or ramen. Or anything really. He was hungry, and parched.

He wandered off to see what he could get himself to eat. It all looked magically tempting, so he just stopped at the first stall he arrived at and bought himself some ramen and some lemonade.

He sat down and dumped his bag beside him. He breathed in the smell of his food. Oishiiiii.....he thought and began to eat.

He looked at the clock on the wall. Wow, time goes quickly! He sculled the rest of his food and hurried to get down to shopping.

He threw his bag over his shoulder and set off. That calligraphy shop had looked interesting so that's where he decided to head.

As he entered the shop, he started to notice pressure building at the base of his penis as his bladder filled rapidly, but he thought nothing of it.

He lost himself in the thrill of having money to buy whatever he wanted, and doing so. 6 shops later, he checked his watch.

'Oh my...' he thought. 5 minutes till end of break! Uaaah! But the walk is at least 10! He grabbed his shopping bags and hurried away. He didnt notice leaving his schoolbag behind.

He rushed down the street, hoping he'd get back in time, but he was to excited about his shopping to be too concerned about it.

He checked his watch again and realised he only had a couple of minutey left. He started jogging but suddenly stopped, realising he was missing something.

'Oh no!' he thought. 'My bookbag!' he looked back the way he came. It was of vital importance. But, facing the wrath of my Geography teacher....

He decided getting his bag would be the lesser of two evils, and off he hurried. He felt the nagging throb of his lower abdomen and it began to stress him out a little.

He hurried down the road. He felt the urine sloshing around in his bladder. It got worse with every step. He wondered if he'd have time to go to the bathroom when he got back to school. Obviously not.

He entered the shopping mall. Then a thought struck him.

Where do I look?! Back to the ramen shop he hurried, retracing his steps. He visited every shop, which cost him 5-10 minutes. But his bag wasnt there. He subconsciously grabbed himself, he couldnt conentrate. He couldnt stand being late for anything. Hes SO punctual.

He quickly rushed into one of the shops again, peering around frantically. He stopped for a second and leaned forward, pretending to look at something on a shelf. He had to relieve some of the pressure on his bladder. It was becoming almost unbearable. He gave a little squirm.

'Why didnt I go before, now I dont have seconds to spare!' he thought. Not even to stop! He bit his lip in desperation and decided it would be necessary to ask around.

'Excuse me, have you seen a blue bookbag anywhere?' he would ask, but no one knew. His jiggly dance drew attention but he didnt care. Finally a staff member directed him to lost and found. He hurried there, which cost him more time, and it still wasnt there. He hid behind a shelf and held himself, panicking.

He leant against the shelf, squirming and squeezing himself hard. He knew he had to find his bag but his bladder was so full buy now he didn't care anymore. He had no idea how he'd be able to hold it anymore if he stopped holding himself for just a second.

It was important he get back to the school now. With or without bookbag. He couldnt use any facilities here because they were customer only and his bookbag had his wallet. He ran outside the mall, trying not to lose it, but feeling a small trickle escape and run down his leg. He stopped, crying out in shock and humiliation. Opening one eye, he saw someone eying him worriedly. With a blue bookbag.

Igirisu?!

Kiku stared at him for a second, blushing heavily.

''Er.. I found your bag and thought I'd pick it up before it gets stolen or something...'' England peered down at him awkwardly, holding up the blue bookbag.

''I..I..'' Kiku didn't know what to say. He was still for a second and then suddenly jumped at Igi, grabbed his bag and sprinted off.

He prayed Igirisu hadnt seen how much he had leaked in that small moment. But he had. Igirisu watched him run, blushing heavily.

Kiku pelted down the walkway, tears of shame in his eyes. I can still make it. Sure. Im only 5 minutes late....

He shoved both hands between his legs, squeezing himself tighter than ever. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold anymore if he didn't. He rushed towards the school as fast as he could without losing control. The pressure surely couldn't get any worse than it already was.

He was wrong, of course. Everything around him made it worse. The drinking fountains. The grumbling clouds which threatened downpour. That was probably why it was so hot today.

He saw the school approaching. And relief. Screw the geography teacher. This was more important. What if someone saw his indiscretion? What if it was someone he knew? There was already Igirisu, next it could be Amerika. Or Chugoku. Oh god!

He cried out, trying to hold the shame inside, but it slowly leaked, ebbing down his legs.

He peered down to see an obvious wet stop forming around his crotch. Blushing madly he tensed his muscles harder than ever. He stood still, doubled over, trying everything to regain control, but he realised he couldn't stop it. It was only a slow dribble and he could still make it.

Swearing in his head, he reached the school and made a bee-line for the mens facilities. Relief so close, right?

As he ran, heads turned in his direction. he must have been a sight to them. It was obvious he was wetting himself, especially with his hand shoved between his legs and the way he was running.

Please, no one talk to me...

The bathrooms came into view but he was more desperate than ever. He tried to run faster, but it was just making it worse.

He was almost there when he felt his bladder push down hard. He gasped, squirming frantically. He dropped his bag, holding himself tight with both hands. He shuffled onwards, leaning forward as far as he could without falling over.

He became immediately self-conscious of all the people around him.

Someone spoke out to him.

'You can make it, Honda-san!' he nearly died. His hands were filling with his warm liquid and his length hardening.

Moaning, he sunk to his knees. He continued his struggle to hold on, but he couldn't deny that it felt good. Such pressure was amazing. Regardlessly, he felt horrible. What was he going to do? He couldn't stand up now. And everyone was staring at him, he was sure.

Suddenly he heard a voice.

'Hey, everyone. Bugger off. Leave him alone.' No doubt it was Igirisu, the English accent was flawless.

Slowly the crowd dispersed to give him some privacy. He was feet from the restroom, if he was going to wet himself, at least inside the doorway.

''Come on.'' Arthur pulled him to his feet. Kiku didn't move. He shook with a mixture of desperation and embarassment.

''You can make it.'' Igirisu carefully pushed him towards to door.

At least inside the door...he thought to himself. He stood as straight as he could and shuffled inside, his bladder now fully releasing.

'Igirisu-san, I....' he wanted to die as the splattering was heard. Arthur pushed him into a stall and left the facility. Kiku heard the door close, and sunk to the floor.

Kiku sat there squirming, frantically trying to stop the heavy flow of urine running over his hands. He realised it was no use. His pants were completely soaked already.

He watched his humiliation run across the floor, spreading out in a large puddle beyond the stall door.

'Fffuu....' tears stung his eyes and rolled down his cheeks in rapid succession.

'Oh no....' he whispered. I've wet myself like a child.

He sniffled weakly and curled up in the corner of the stall. What was he going to do now? He couldn't just go to class like this. Or just leave the stall at all. He wouldn't let anyone see him wet.

He hid his head down. 'What am I going to do?' he sobbed.

He felt alone and afraid all of a sudden. He sat there in the wetness and cried.

He sat there, sobbing quietly to himself. Suddenly, he heard the door open and someone come in. He froze, holding his breath, praying that whoever it was wouldn't notice he was there.

Not that the large puddle coming from underneath the door wasnt a giveaway.

He choked on a sob.

'Kiku.' Who could it be? he wondered miserably.

''Kiku, are you going to come out?''

Kiku shuddered. He recognised the voice as England's. He didn't know what to say. He wished he could just get out and never see him again, he was so embarassed.

'Come on.' said the voice, soft and husky.

'I-I cant...' he whispered, trying not to let him hear him crying. He was wet and miserable. The last person he wanted to see was England.

'Yes you can.' So sure. So certain.

'No, no I..I cant...'

''Are you crying?''

Kiku's heart sank. ''No.'' He replied quietly and miserably, sniffling loudly. He buried his face in his knees.

''Come on out... It's okay. Really.'' Arthur lightly knocked on the door. ''Come on. I won't tell anyone, I promise.''

Slowly Kiku reached up and opened the door.

'It doesnt matter, I bet everybody saw anyway...' he whispered, more tears falling down his cheeks.

Arthur stared softly down at him. What was the emotion on his face? Pity? Disgust? Kiku didnt know. He felt too ashamed to look at him.

''Hey.'' Arthur put a hand on Kiku's shoulder and rubbed comfortingly. ''Don't cry.''

Kiku still didn't look up.

''I told the teacher you'd be latre because you weren't feeling well. And I brought you pants.''

Kiku wasn't really listening. He was too ashamed.

He broke down into tears once more, even though he tried to stop. He couldnt control it.

What can I control!? he cried to himself. He suddenly felt Arthur against his shoulders, he was hugging him, comforting him. He felt himself turn red.

'Dont cry.' came his voice.

''It's all okay now. There's no need to cry, right?'' Arthur pulled Kiku into a tight hug. Kiku shook with tears.

''We should get to class now, yeah?'' Igi patted Kiku on the back. ''Don't cry.''

Kiku nodded, attempting to wipe tears out of his eyes with his sleeve.

'Now, here are your clothes. I'll leave while you change.' he gave a comforting sort of smile to him.

Kiku didnt know if he could go back to class though after this. Probably start crying again.

'I'll just head home...' he whispered, blushing.

''Well if you want to, I guess...'' Arthur shrugged. ''Why don't you just get changed, and then we'll forget about all of this and go to class?''

''Ehhh...'' Kiku didn't know if he could face anyone from school ever again. He stared blankly at the floor.

Kiku felt slightly sick, all the humiliation was taking its toll. But, if Arthur really wants him to stay...He had been so nice to him. Even if it was partly his fault Kiku had the accident in the first place.

He looked up into his green eyes.

'W-well o-ok....I...I'll...' he swallowed. England passed him the spare clothes and closed the door behind him.

''We've almost missed all of Geography now, heh.'' Arthur chuckled, while Kiku got changed in the stall. Kiku wondered if they'd missed anything important. Probably not. It was Geography, after all.

He realized the pants he was given were Arthurs, and blushed.

'Th-these are yours.' he stated. There was an awkward silence, then he spoke.

'Yes, they are. I...carry spares.'

He wondered why. But decided not to ask.

''A-Are you sure it's okay for me to wear them..?'' Kiku said quietly. He had pissed all over himself after all.

'I'm certain, Kiku. You take them. Return them any time you feel free.' he added.

Kiku stepped out of the stall, being careful to avoid the puddle.

'Arthur...thankyou..for this.' he whispered, not looking him in the eye.

''No worries!'' Arthur patted him on the shoulder.

''Let's go, then.'' England said confidently. ''Go wash your face or something. Then no more crying, okay?''

Kiku nodded.

I feel so dumb...he thought. I better go wash my face. I dont want to throw up all over his clothes.

'Thanks again...' he added. Arthur nodded.

Heading to the sink, he turned the tap on and splashed his face in icy water, feeling better. He re-met with him just outside, where the sky was a threatening grey. As they started walking, the bell rang and everyone spilled out of the building to their next classes. No one said a word, Kiku just merged with them and headed off to Science.

Owariiii

