Shopping Trip

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-04-22 22:16

OK, this turned out quite a bit longer than I expected! There's a lot of dialogue post-wetting, just to warn you. Writing distracts me, and I guess I needed more distraction than I thought this week :) Enjoy!

###

“Thanks for dinner, Ma,” Kenny said, leaning down to kiss his mother’s forehead as he carried his dishes to the sink.

Keegan, his 16-year-old brother, rolled his eyes. At 18, Kenny was loved by everybody. Peers, parents, teachers - no one could escape the charm of Kenneth Andrews.

“Yeah, thanks,” Keegan muttered, not wanting to seem ungrateful.

“You’re welcome, boys,” Jessalyn stood up from the table and stretched, her pink scrubs wrinkling at the shoulders.

“Who are you covering for tonight?” Kenny asked genially.

“Beth’s daughter is sick, so I’m taking her shift,” Jessalyn explained, picking up her own plate from the table. “Night shifts are never as bad when you’re doing them as a favor!”

The shadows outside the window were lengthening in the late May evening. Jessalyn started to run the tap in the sink. “Hey, I was thinking,” she began as she rinsed off the plates. “While I’m gone, why don’t you two go to the mall and get Keegan a new shirt for graduation? His gray slacks will be fine, but finishing high school deserves at least one new wardrobe piece, don’t you think?” She winked at Keegan, who cringed.

“But Ma, I was gonna go to Ross’s tonight!” Kenny protested.

“You can go to Ross’s after,” Jessalyn replied calmly. “The mall is only open until 8 during the week, anyway. Besides, Key can’t drive, and, as much as I love him,” she leaned over to kiss her younger son on the cheek. “He has terrible taste in clothes. You, on the other hand,” she repeated the kiss with her older boy. “Have great style!”

Kenny sighed, already knowing that he was going to obey. “Fine,” he relented, grabbing his keys from the counter. “Let’s go, Key. Get this done quickly so I can meet up with the guys.”

“But…” Keegan started to protest. Not only did the whole idea of shopping sound absolutely abhorrent, he had to pee. He always went to the bathroom after dinner.

“No buts, baby,” Jessalyn chided gently, still washing the dinner dishes. “I want you to look nice. Now go. The mall’s twenty minutes away, and it’s already past 6:30.”

“I…”

“Keegan!” his mom looked at him pointedly. “Go, please!”

Furrowing his brow, Keegan turned to follow Kenny. Fine. He’d just hold it for awhile. He knew Kenny wanted to make this trip quick, too.

###

Climbing into Kenny’s rusty old Jeep, the brothers barely acknowledged one another. They usually didn’t, despite being in the same grade at school. Though Kenny was 18 months older, Keegan had quickly emerged as a genius. He only lasted 2 months in kindergarten before his teacher determined he’d be much better off skipping a grade. After meetings with a counselor and long talks with both of the boys, it was decided that yes, Keegan should skip the rest of kindergarten and join his brother in the 1st grade.

With a summer birthday, Keegan had already been among the youngest in his kindergarten class. In his brother’s grade, he was an practically a baby. However, he was truly brilliant and kept up with all the advanced work teachers could come up with. While Kenny never minded Keegan skipping a grade, everyone acknowledged that the younger brother probably shouldn’t skip again, putting him in classes above Kenny.

Kenny did fine in school, earning A’s and B’s, but excelled athletically and socially. He never minded having a genius brother, because he had plenty of his own accolades. Once they reached the local high school, Kenny and Keegan’s paths virtually never crossed, despite the fact that they lived together. They weren’t in any of the same clubs or classes. Now, with graduation just a few weeks away, Kenny had plans to go to the state university. Keegan, naturally, had been accepted to MIT.

With their vastly different hobbies and habits, Kenny and Keegan didn’t spend much time together. Now, in the car on the way to the mall, they had nothing to talk about.

Keegan stayed silent for another reason, though. His mind was focused on his filling bladder. Running a quick mental calculation, he decided he must’ve drunk too much at dinner. Facing not only shopping, but another 20-minute ride back home, it was unlikely that he’d be able to hold it the whole time. He’d just have to use the restroom at the mall.

###

Kenny swerved into a parking space with stereotypical teenage recklessness. Keegan wheezed as the seat belt pushed against his bladder. While Kenny was already jumping out of the car, Keegan had to take a moment to clench his muscles, bringing his need back under control. Maybe he’d have to find a bathroom sooner than he thought…

“Let’s make this quick, Key,” Kenny called, strolling confidently toward the mall doors. Keegan struggled to keep while keeping his muscles tight.

To Keegan’s dismay, Kenny veered to the right, heading straight for the department store doors instead of the general mall entrance.

“Can’t we go in the other doors?” Keegan asked, a bit lamely.

Kenny huffed in condescension. “This is the biggest store in the mall. If we’re going to get this done quickly, it’ll get done here. Why waste time walking through the rest of the mall?”

Keegan was moderately concerned with the fact that they would no longer be walking past the mall bathrooms, but he had to admit that finishing this chore quickly was in his best interest.

“We’ll start here,” Kenny narrated, striding to the wall of neatly-folded shirts in the men’s section. “What size are you?”

“Uh…” Keegan muttered, panting a bit from catching up. “A small?”

Kenny turned to his brother with an exaggerated look of disdain. “No, geek, your shirt size. Neck, sleeve, chest, waist?”

“Uh…”

Kenny rolled his eyes. “For a genius, you sure are stupid.” He gave Keegan an appraising once-over, then turned to the wall of shirts. “OK, we’ll try some of these.”

Piling shirts into Keegan’s unsuspecting arms, Kenny then headed to the dressing room. Keegan stumbled along behind him.

“Here,” Keegan pushed open the door to the last room in the hall. “Try on the white ones first so we can figure out what size you need.”

Once the door shut, Keegan dropped the shirts and grabbed his crotch. He’d drastically underestimated his growing need and had to hold himself for a few seconds before feeling comfortable enough to let go. He’d just have to try on the shirts quickly and hope that Kenny saw one he liked.

He pulled off his ratty t-shirt and slipped on the white button-down on top of the pile. Fastening the last button, he opened the door to show Kenny.

“Hm...yeah,” Kenny nodded. “That’s the right size. Take it off and give it to me so I can go find some better colors.”

Keegan glared for a moment, displeased at being bossed around, but unbuttoned the shirt and handed it to his brother.

Kenny took the shirt and turned to go. “Stay here!” he called.

“But…” Keegan started.

Turning theatrically on his heel, Kenny glowered at Keegan. “I’ll be quick. I don’t want to waste any time chasing after you among a pile of video-game t-shirts.”

Before Keegan could argue, Kenny had already turned and walked out of the hallway. Scowling, he retreated back into the dressing room, crossing his legs to ease the pressure on his bladder.

Kenny was really only gone for less than 10 minutes, but it felt like longer to Keegan and his pent-up urine. His distress only increased when he saw the number of shirts Kenny had brought back.

“You want me to try on all of those?” he asked incredulously.

“I’ve never seen you in anything but black, white, and gray,” (That’s an exaggeration, though Keegan) “So I don’t know what colors look best. We have to try a few different ones.”

Staring daggers, Keegan snatched the pile of shirts from his brother and slammed the dressing room door. A wave of pressure hit his bladder, and he bent forward slightly, clutching at his groin. He purposely slowed his breathing. Five shirts, he counted. He’d have to try on five shirts.

Keeping his pelvic muscles tight, Keegan threw on the first shirt, only buttoning a few of the buttons before opening the door. Luckily, Kenny only needed one look before deciding that, apparently, this was not a good color.

Back behind the closed door, Keegan crossed his legs again as he pulled on a blue shirt, not even bothering with the buttons this time.

Seeing his brother, Kenny raised his eyebrows. “Mmm...that’s close. The blue looks good, classy. Maybe another shade…” He turned and walked out, presumably to find said “other shade” of shirt.

Keegan once again backed into the dressing room and pulled off the latest shirt. A hot, awful leak escaped, dampening his underwear. He held his crotch with both hands this time, unsure of how much longer he’d last. Please, Kenny, he thought. Hurry up.

Hearing his brother’s confident steps in the hallway five minutes later, Keegan tensed every muscle in his body to find some semblance of control before standing and opening the door.

Kenny held out a midnight-blue shirt. Keegan wrinkled his nose. “Why is it shiny?”

“Just take it,” Kenny grumbled. “It’ll look good, I swear.”

Inhaling deeply, Keegan grabbed the shirt and closed the door. He twisted his legs together as he felt another spurt on the verge of leaking. Hastily, he thrust his arms into the shirt and opened the door.

“Yeah-what?” Kenny’s face flicked from approving to scandalized. “Button it, you hobo, let me see how it fits!”

Fingers shaking slightly, Keegan rapidly buttoned the shirt, trying not to let his desperation show. He felt a few drops of urine soak into his underwear as he tried to stand still for his brother’s inspection.

Kenny was nodding. “Yeah, that’s almost right.”

“Al-almost?” Keegan stuttered.

“I think I know just the thing,” Kenny was saying. “Stay here. Leave that shirt on.”

“Kenny, please, can I-” Keegan started to beg. If he hurried now, he could make it to the bathroom in time.

Kenny whirled around, exasperated. “Look, kid, I know you hate shopping, but Mom wants you to look nice for graduation. Is that too much to ask?”

Keegan bit the inside of his cheek. Pretty much the only thing the boys had in common was a willingness to do anything for their hardworking, single mother.

“I thought so,” Kenny said, somewhat haughtily.

Keegan let out a soft whine as he slipped back into the dressing room. He bent nearly in half as a thin stream of pee came out, trickling ticklishly down his leg. Keegan shoved his hands between his legs, squeezing with all his might and praying that the wetness didn’t show on his jeans.

Kenny returned in another five minutes, walking quickly. Keegan barely had time to stand up straight before Kenny opened the door and handed him a sharp, gray vest.

“Put this on,” he ordered.

Keegan shut the door in his brother’s face. Keeping one hand buried in his crotch, he fumbled with the buttons on the vest. Awkwardly threading one hand into the arm hole, he then switched hands quickly and pulled on the vest while keeping a hold on his dick.

Kenny banged on the door. “Hurry up!”

With reasonable dexterity, considering the situation, Keegan one-handedly fastened the vest buttons. He then twisted his legs together and squeezed his grip extra hard before straightening up and opening the door to face his brother.

Kenny’s eyes lit up. “Yep, that’s it. Mom’ll be thrilled. Perfect. Take those off. I’ll take them to the register while you get dressed.”

Without responding, Keegan shut the door forcefully. The few seconds of not actively holding himself had cost him the biggest leak yet. Looking down, he saw the edges of a wet patch between his legs. He quickly grabbed at his crotch again and held tightly with one hand while the other undid the buttons on the vest and shirt. He shook one arm out, then switched hands to remove the other. His arm got stuck, and he frantically released his grip to pull at the shirt sleeve, resulting in another spurt.

Sweating, Keegan shuffled behind the door so Kenny wouldn’t see his desperate state. He clutched the vest and shirt in his left hand (wrinkles be damned) while holding himself with his right. Jimmying the slide lock out of its slot, he pulled open the door and snaked his arm around it, holding out the clothes for Kenny.

As soon as Kenny took the scrunched clothes from his hand, Keegan pushed the door shut, slid the lock into place, and shoved his left hand into his crotch to join his right. He twisted his legs together, squeezing his muscles with all his might, desperately trying to regain control.

He couldn’t move. His bladder was more than full, and only the exact current combination of clenching and grasping was keeping urine from spilling everywhere. If he moved a single muscle, he would lose it completely.

Unable to stop himself, Keegan started to cry. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he frantically tried to think of a way out. Logically, there was no way he’d make it to a bathroom; he wouldn’t make it past the first step. Maybe…

In thoughts almost too fast to process, Keegan glanced around the dressing room. If he peed in a corner, he could pull the cushion over it, and perhaps, with a little rubbing, the wet patch on his jeans would dry up a bit…

Knowing it was his only option, Keegan quickly moved one hand to try to undo his zipper.

And that was it.

That one movement was too much, and Keegan started to pee uncontrollably. Urine gushed out past his clutched hand and streamed down his jeans.

As the leg of his pants quickly saturated, a stream of pee started dripping off the cuff, hitting the carpeted floor with a soft patter. At that sound, Keegan sobbed in earnest, crumpling in shame.

He wet forcefully for what felt like ages. Liquid flowed soaked straight through his drenched underwear and flowed down his leg in hot streams. His accident pooled on the thin carpet, slowly spreading out in all directions.

After peeing for nearly a minute, Keegan was finally empty. His jeans were sodden and heavy, his faced streaked with tears. He moaned softly, starting to panic.

What was he going to do? He was so wet. There was no way he could walk back to the car like this; everyone would know!

Hugging his arms against his torso, Keegan started to rock back and forth. He prided himself on solving academic problems, but no textbook ever gave him the scenario of a 16-year-old boy peeing his pants in a department store dressing room.

Keegan stayed like that for several minutes, his thoughts increasingly incoherent, the mental equivalent of babbling. Finally, his reverie was broken by a knock on the door.

“Key!” Kenny’s voice was sharp. “What the hell, man? How long does it take to put a shirt on?”

Keegan whined faintly.

“Come on, I bought the shirt, let’s go,” Kenny continued, knocking again. He paused, leaning his ear against the door. He heard faint shuffling sounds. “Key!” he snapped. “Let’s go!”

Keegan blinked rapidly, trying to clear the tears from his eyes. “I can’t,” he murmured.

“What?” Kenny responded, leaning toward the door again. “I can’t hear you. Come on, get out of there!”

“I can’t,” Keegan repeated, his desperation increasing. He couldn’t leave. People would see. He couldn’t go out there.

“What, did someone leave a bra in there, and you’re jacking off to the girl on the tag?” Kenny snickered at his own joke. “Seriously, Key, let’s go.” He pushed at the locked door and grunted in annoyance.

“Please…” Keegan whimpered. He felt lost, childlike. He had to make Kenny understand.

Frantically, Keegan looked around the empty dressing room one last time, hopelessly searching for something, anything he could use to cover himself.

“Keegan Jefferson Andrews!” Kenny barked from outside the door. “Unlock this door and get your ass out here! What’s wrong with you?”

Breathing rapidly, Keegan reached for the slide lock and pulled it aside.

“God, it’s about damn time,” Kenny huffed upon hearing the door open. He’d already turned to walk away.

Keegan stood in the doorway, unable to move any further. He inhaled shakily, knowing he had to get Kenny’s attention. In a voice barely above a whisper, he hesitantly spoke to his brother’s back.

“I wet my pants.”

Kenny froze. Keegan curled his shoulders inward, bracing for his brother’s inevitable scorn.

Slowly, Kenny turned around, unwilling to believe what he just heard. Keegan did what? No way. There’s no way his brilliant little brother would have…

Facing his brother fully, Kenny’s eyes widen as he haltingly taking in the sight of Keegan’s drenched jeans and red eyes.

Clenching his fists, Keegan tried to stay calm, but his lower lip began to tremble traitorously.

“I...I’m sorry,” he murmured. “I couldn’t hold it.” Scared and nearly overwhelmed with shame, he looked up at his silent older brother. “P-please don’t make me go out there like this.” He felt terribly young, and fresh tears welled up in his eyes. He’d lost all control, and, against all odds of success, he was desperate for his big brother’s help.

Kenny didn’t say a word, but Keegan saw the muscles in his jaw clench. For one terrifyingly long moment, Kenny just stared at his wet, vulnerable little brother, his face pale, but unreadable.

“Stay here.” Kenny’s voice rumbled as he turned away sharply, walking out of the fitting rooms. He looked furious.

Still hunched forward, Keegan took a step back into the comparative safety of the dressing room. His eyes were drawn down to the giant wet spot on the floor, and his breath hitched, the reality of the situation hitting him like a tidal wave.

He had an accident. A big one. In public. In a mall, where there were (quick mental calculation of the local population that would be at the mall this close to closing time) at least 300 other people, including workers. And his brother. His big, popular, athletic brother, who didn’t want to be here in the first place, and now had to deal with a pissy-pants 16-year-old.

Keegan sniffled pitifully. To calm himself down, he ran through the likely contingencies of his current situation.

Kenny is so mad and disgusted that he leaves me entirely. The store employees prepare for closing. I’ll be found in 20-40 minutes (assuming more than a rudimentary glace in the changing rooms). If I’m lucky, I’ll be found by a kindly, older woman who will take pity on me. Perhaps, in this situation, I can feign illness…

Kenny is mad, but scornful. He physically drags me out of the store and out to the car, exposing the evidence of my accident to anyone who sees us. If he’s in a particularly social mood, he might make an extra effort to call attention to the situation if any of his peers are in the mall. In this event, it’s likely my only recourse is to gather any mental fortitude I can and weather the humiliation.

He kept this formal monologue going, comforting himself by planning for what he thought would happen.

Back on the store floor, Kenny’s heart pounded. Seeing his brother in wet jeans felt like a punch to the gut. His genius little brother, who never met a question he couldn’t answer, had peed his pants.

Barely paying attention, Kenny reached a shelf full of identically-folded pairs of sweatpants. Scanning the rows, he grabbed a black pair in Keegan’s size and strode up to the counter to pay, still mired in his own thoughts.

With the perfect clarity that only hindsight can offer, Kenny remembered Key’s hesitation to go shopping in the first place and the many attempted interjections each time Kenny had given him a new shirt to try on.

Kenny hung his head as he grabbed the bag with the sweatpants from the cashier, muttering his thanks. Key had had to pee the whole time, and Kenny had just bulldozed over him, not even paying attention. It wasn’t that he hated the last shirt and vest; he’d just been bursting by that point. Instead of listening and paying attention, instead of caring at all about his brother, he’d just kept ordering him around.

He couldn’t ever remember seeing Keegan look as broken and fearful as he had, standing in front of him in wet jeans, practically begging him not to let anyone see. Face flushed with guilt, Kenny ran a hand through his hair as he re-entered the fitting room hallway.

“Key?” he called quietly, softly knocking on the last door.

Resignedly, Keegan opened the door just enough to look out, still unsure of what Kenny was going to do.

“Put these on,” Kenny ordered, handing Keegan the bag. “You can put your wet things in the bag.”

Keegan’s only response was to shut the door, but he could be heard opening the bag and pulling out the dry pants.

Sighing, Kenny leaned back against the wall. He felt terrible, but he barely knew how to talk to his multisyllabic brother under the best of circumstances, much less when he’d just all but forced him into wetting his pants.

Moments later, Keegan emerged from the dressing room, tightly grasping the shopping bag that now contained his pee-saturated jeans and underwear.

Kenny opened his mouth, but, unable to decide on anything to say, just nodded and turned to leave. Keegan followed, cringing as the soft material of the new sweatpants pulled at the tacky, drying pee on his legs.

Neither brother said anything as they quickly strode through the emptying mall and out to the Jeep. Keegan opened the passenger-side door, and Kenny tossed the bag with the vest and shirt - the purpose of this whole debacle - in after him.

The two teens stayed completely silent on the way home, each lost in their own thoughts. Keegan squirmed in his seat uncomfortably, feeling the disgusting stickiness on his skin.

Seeing his brother shift, Kenny glanced over nervously, worried that Keegan had to go again. He glanced at the speedometer and sped up a bit.

Fifteen minutes later, they pulled into the driveway. Kenny pushed the garage door opener, glancing as Keegan as if he expected him to sprint desperately in the house.

Instead, Keegan was steeling himself to say something important. He carefully picked up the two shopping bags, unhooked his seat belt, and climbed down. Holding the door open, he slowly turned around to face his brother.

“Thank you for getting the sweatpants,” he began, his voice shaking only slightly. He drew in another breath and straightened his shoulders, trying to reclaim any scrap of dignity that he could.

“While I understand the inherent humor in the situation,” he continued, falling back into the formal argument style in which he was so comfortable, “if you were not to share the tale of tonight’s events with anyone else, I would greatly appreciate it.”

Keegan raised his chin defiantly, but clenched his hands tightly around the bags to keep them from shaking. “Of course,” he went on, maintaining the same formal, mock-bored tone. “I understand that I have no control over what you do or do not say to your friends. They would, undoubtedly, find the story of your nerd of a brother acting like an infant most amusing. I am simply asking for your consideration.”

His voice broke, almost imperceptibly, on the last word, and he lowered his head and turned away. With a curt nod, Keegan slammed the door shut and ran into the house.

In the silence of the empty kitchen, his eyes filled with tears. He heard the Jeep pull out of the driveway and could only hope that his speech had been enough to keep Kenny from telling Ross and the guys about his accident.

A whimper escaped Keegan’s throat. He wiped his eyes with the back of his wrist and trudged down the hall to take a shower.

###

After washing himself thoroughly, Keegan gathered his smelly pants and underwear, as well as the sweatpants, and threw them in the washing machine. Sighing in disgust, he traipsed out to the living room to try and lose himself in some television.

Rounding the corner, he stopped abruptly. Kenny was sitting on the couch.

“Hey, Key,” Kenny said hesitantly.

Keegan tensed. “Why aren’t you at Ross’s?”

“I never went.”

Keegan couldn’t look at his brother. “I heard you leave,” he said with a slight tone of accusation.

“I just ran down to the shop on the corner,” Kenny explained. “You...you were in the shower when I got back.”

Kenny looked almost as uncomfortable as Keegan felt. Exhausted, Keegan snapped. “What do you want, Ken?”

Exhaling, as though relieved to have a chance to get to the point, Kenny rose from the couch. “Key, I couldn’t just leave with you thinking that I was going to laugh at you and what happened!”

Keegan narrowed his eyes. “Oh, yeah, like it’s out of the realm of possibility that you and your friends would laugh at me.”

“Key…” Kenny breathed, aghast. “I...I would never tell my friends about this!”

Keegan grunted his disbelief.

“Seriously!” Kenny yelped. “I...wow. I can’t believe you think I would do that.”

“Laugh at me?” Keegan muttered scornfully. “Find humor in something I did unintentionally?” He swiped angrily at his eyes. He hated crying in front of his brother.

“Key…” Kenny implored again. “I know I tease you…” Kenny felt worse and worse. “I would never think that something that made my brother cry is funny.”

Keegan could think of several examples from early childhood to disprove that statement, but he held back, recognizing the genuine hurt in his brother’s tone. Instead, he decided to mentioned Kenny’s initial reaction.

“I know how angry you were when I told you.”

“Of course I was angry!” Kenny cried out. “I hate myself for doing that to you! What kind of shitty brother - what kind of shitty person bullies a guy into peeing himself?”

Keegan winced at the phrase, but was captivated by Kenny’s emotion.

“Key, I didn’t...I never wanted to do that to you. I was - I am mad, but only at myself.” Kenny sighed and flopped back down on the couch. “I know this was my fault, Key. I...God, I was completely ignoring you. And you tried to tell me.”

Keegan bit his lip to keep it from shaking. “You just wanted to get out of there,” he accused.

Kenny raised his eyebrows. “You didn’t want to be there either, Key,” he replied gently.

“Yeah, well, of course not,” Keegan snarked. “Why would I want to spend time with someone who clearly doesn’t want to be around me?”

To Keegan’s annoyance, Kenny grinned ruefully. “It’s so funny hearing you say that,” he said. “Because I always tell Mom how you want nothing to do with me.”

“Don’t...I…” Keegan sputtered, too angry to reply logically. “Is that what you think? That this is all OK because we have no mutual desire to spend time together??”

Chagrined, Kenny hung his head. “No,” he murmured. “Of course not. I was just…”

“I was humiliated!” Keegan exclaimed. “Standing in that damn dressing room, soaked in my own urine, and you kept banging on the door, ‘Let’s go, let’s go, I don’t have time for this!’” Keegan paused for a breath, his face scarlet with ire and residual shame.

“You’re right,” Kenny held up his hands in a gesture of surrender. He sighed and looked up at his younger brother. “Key, I swear, I came back to say how sorry I am. Look, I even picked up those weird Japanese gummies that you like.” He pointed to the plastic grocery bag sitting at the corner of the couch.

Keegan glanced skeptically at the bag, but was more focused on Kenny’s words. “You...wanted to apologize?”

Kenny nodded earnestly. “I know I make fun of you and we have nothing in common, but Key, I swear...seeing you like that…” His shoulders slumped. “It killed me, man. And it was my fault. And I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, kid. I promise, I won’t ever let anything like that happen again.”

Keegan’s lower lip jutted out unconsciously. “You can’t just buy me candy like I’m a child and expect everything to be OK.”

“I know,” Kenny nodded. “I just saw the gummies at the store. I went in to buy snacks. I thought we could watch a movie...I didn’t want to just leave you all by yourself.”

Keegan was torn. On one hand, he was too mad at Kenny to want to give him any satisfaction. On the other hand, he was emotionally exhausted. To be honest, he didn’t want to be by himself. He wanted someone to show him that everything was going to be all right.

Cautiously, he looked at Kenny. “You promise you won’t tell your friends?” he whispered, his eyes wide and vulnerable behind his glasses.

“I won’t tell anyone, Key,” Kenny exhorted. “Not even Mom.”

“OK.” Keeping his head down, Keegan crept around his brother and sat in the other corner of the couch.

Taking this as a good sign, Kenny gently held out the bag with the gummies. Keegan took it wordlessly, curling his legs up onto the cushion.

“So which would you rather?” Kenny stood up and opened the DVD cupboard. “You wanna teach me the physics of the car stunts in Fast and the Furious, or point out the scientific inaccuracies in Star Wars?”

“Actually,” mumbled Keegan, his mouth already full of candy. “Star Wars isn’t too bad, for being made in the 70s…”

*002*2015-04-25 20:22

{{: 

!!! Loved it! So awesome to read your stuff (: thanks for posting this!

}}

You are so incredibly sweet! It makes me so happy that you're always kind enough to comment on my stories :)

*007*2015-05-03 22:54

I am just spoiled for nice comments this weekend!

{{: 

This is so sweet! Love the dynamic between the two brothers! The wetting scene, and the conversation afterwards, was wonderfully done!

}}

Thank you! I was worried that it turned out too long, so I really appreciate your comment :)

{{: 

This was great! It was so cute and good. I enjoyed it very much! I love the brothers relationship, though for a minute I was worried that Kenny would tease him. Whew!

}}

You know, one of these days, I'll have to include a character who isn't supportive and sympathetic, just so I don't end up being predictable!

{{: 

This was soooo cute! It was so well detailed, and the characters were also very well developed XD

Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thank you so much, Lydney! Your comments are always so kind!

{{: 

So cute

The ending though...I couldn't help but begin laughing at that

}}

Aw, thanks! I remember hearing that somewhere, but I might have just made it up :)

