Wet and Dry Summer (Sailor Moon)

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-05-07 02:29

This is based on an RP me and RiniRuleForever are doing right now, and so I shall update it as we go along. I'm using their English names, and I'll also add a couple warnings and you'll see why soon. ^^

This part only has 1 wetting and some desperation, and some bedwetting too, but I'll only tell you that much. Also, some pictures so you can picture Rini and the inner Scouts, I'll add more of Serena and the Outer Scouts as the story mostly focuses on them. ^^

Part 1-Flirty, Sneaky Serena

May 4th, 2011

One May morning, a young girl was desperately getting ready for the day, and desperately was putting it lightly. She was jogging in place, using one of her hands to bang on the bathroom door and the other was jammed tightly into her crotch. Her blonde pigtails flew around wildly as she danced. "Come on Sammy, let me into the bathroom!" she cried.

Her brother happily replied: "No way! If you really can't hold it, then go out in the garden! The plants need watering!" He laughed and Serena kicked the door harshly.

"SAMMY! Let me in!"

"You're 16, you can hold it like a big girl."

"No, I really can't! I've been waiting all morning and then you decided to take your bath now. And now I'm on the verge of wetting myself! SAMMY!" She pounded on the door louder.

"You can knock all you want, I'm still not letting you in!" Serena kicked the door one last time sharply and ran outside.

"Selfish jerk, not letting his innocent and sweet older sister use the bathroom! So what if I'm 16? Whether I'm 6 or 16, I can still have accidents, and I'm about to have one right now!" She tried not to cry as she sat on the porch steps of her house and saw Amara walking towards her.

"Hey Amara!" Serena waved, forgetting about her need. Serena ran up to her and smiled, forgetting that she was about to wet herself. "Why are you coming over here? Did you want to see me?" Serena put her lip out so Amara could see she glossed it with Rockstar Silver gloss that morning and how heavy and cute her eyes looked with thick eyelashes.

"Actually, I just felt like stopping by and seeing how you were."

"Oh, really? Did you notice anything different about me?"

"I noticed how sparkly your lips look."

"I glossed them."

Serena almost fell over when a sharp spasm shook her body. She got down to her knees. "Serena, are you okay?" Amara helped her up and Serena wobbled slightly.

"Yeah, I'm f-fine. It-it's just really hot out, that's all." She sat back on the porch steps and fell off when she felt another spasm, this time releasing a spurt into her underwear.

"AAAH!" she screamed when she fell onto her knees. The shock caused her bladder to spasm, causing a small stream to pour into her panties and make a small dark spot in her robin egg's blue skirt. She pressed her hands into her crotch and tried not to cry.

"Are you okay Serena? Are you sick?" Amara asked in a concerned tone. Serena shook her head and felt another spasm break the flood gates and a puddle spread out under her. She also let her tears flow too, making her a soaked mess.

"Awww, has the little baby peed her pants?" Amara teased. Serena started wailing, which she thought was embarrassing for a 16 year old to do. Soak herself in front of an 18 year old and then throw a tantrum about it!

"It's okay, you can come over to my house and you can clean up there so nobody will know you did." Amara told her. Serena smiled and got up, her skirt even more soaked from sitting in her urine.

"So, did you bring any more clothes?" Amara asked Serena when they were at her house. Serena shook her head no.

"Then I guess you'll have to borrow some of mine. They might not be your style, but they are better then nothing, right?"

"It's okay, sometimes I crossdress too." Serena smiled.

"Alright, I'll go get them. The bathroom is 2 doors to your right." Amara smiles and then runs off into her room.

Serena opened the door to the bathroom and sucked in her breath. On her right was a porcelain sink with pretty soaps shaped like shells in a marble basin, along with some other things you'd expect to find in a bathroom. On her left was a clawed footed bathtub with a soft pink curtain drawn around it. Serena saw the glittering toilet and wondered what it was like to use something that fancy. "I should probably get undressed. I wonder what's taking Amara so long anyway?" Serena took her magenta sweater off and eyed the black buttons and the white eyelet lace.

Someone pulled the curtain back and screamed. "AAAH, Serena, I didn't know you were in here! I'm taking my bath!" Hotaru cried. Her short black hair was still slightly soapy on one side and sticking up on the other. Serena blushed and couldn't believe she picked today to wear her Hello Kitty bra.

"Amara didn't tell me you were in here!" Serena protested.

"It was my fault, I forgot to lock the door!"

Hotaru couldn't stop staring at Serena's C-cups, so eventually Serena put her top back on. Hotaru giggled and pulled the curtain back. "I should go see what's keeping Amara." Serena said and tried walking out of the bathroom, but she slipped on some water and fell right onto Amara's feet.

"Serena, you shouldn't track water in here when Hotaru takes her bath! Here are your clothes. Oh, and I didn't give you any panties, so you will probably feel a bit strange." She giggled and Serena smiled.

"It's okay, I can just wear my wet ones! Nobody would know!"

"I thought that's what we were trying to fix by cleaning you up?"

"What took you so long, anyway?"

"You're 16. I didn't know you still needed somebody to help undress and dress you again."

"Well, at least I still don't-never mind."

"You can say it if you want."

"You're 18 and you still wet the bed."

At this, Amara blushed, and then she got a little bit angry. "What makes you think that? There is no possible way I still could!"

Serena placed the clothes into Amara's hands and ran off into the living room. "Just because you're an adult doesn't mean you are free from wetting the bed! So, am I right?" She sat on the couch, trying to look cute and innocent.

"Yes I do. It's not very often though and I don't know how to stop it. And sometime I do it when Michelle is with me, and that makes it even more embarrassing."

"What do you tell her?"

"Nothing, since I always clean it up before she wakes up since I get up 30 minutes earlier then she does."

"Do you know what's causing it?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact, and we don't need to get into that right now. How about I buy you a shake at Andrew's Restaurant?" She grabbed Serena's arm and tugged her along. "And don't worry about Hotaru, Trista will deal with her after her bath."

"Oh, okay. I bet the other girls are already there!"

Serena took her usual spot in the booth after arriving to see the girls whispering with each other, not bothering to look her way. "Hey guys, what are you talking about?" she asked.

"Times we've wet ourselves." Raye answered. She had raven black hair to her waist and dark purple eyes.

"Why would you want to talk about that?" Amara asked.

Mina, a girl with golden blonde hair to her waist and a red crooked bow in it, chimed in. "One time in 3rd grade, I drank a lot of lemonade on a class picnic, and when we started hiking, I got really desperate and tried to ask my teacher if I could go use the bathroom, but she told me to wait, and I even watched a group of boys make bets about how long I could hold it! Eventually I tried to go in an empty cup behind a tree, but I got caught by an immature boy and I got scared, so I totally peed myself in front of him!" She blushed and looked away.

Rini waved at Serena. "Hey, Serena! Remember the time I wet your bed as a 5 year old, and you got mad and kicked me out of your room?"

Serena groaned at remembering it. "Yes, how could I forget? Sammy laughed at me because he thought I did it, and I was 14! Way too old to wet the bed then. I actually had to hang it up to dry where my whole family could see it!" she snapped. Rini giggled.

"That's so funny that Sammy thought you did it! You are such a clumsy and ditzy girl, I wouldn't be surprised if you still do! I haven't wet myself after that moment though."

Serena started to rise a little in her seat. "Well, I bet Raye has never wet herself, even as a little girl. Right Raye? Am I right?" She grinned at Raye.

"I agree with you Serena since Raye is the most mature out of all you 6." Amara said. Raye blushed and looked down at her feet.

"When I was in 6th grade, I was rehearsing for the talent show in front of the whole school, and I was drop dead nervous. I started singing The Power Of Love, and my voice and legs started shaking. I felt something warm dribble in my panties and onto the floor, and when I looked down, I realized I wet myself! I was so embarrassed and ashamed I ran backstage to cry." She slumped back into her seat and checked her watch.

Rini gasped. "Awwww, that's so embarrassing Raye! I never would've guess you, of all people, would do something like that." She turned to look at Lita. "What about you?" Lita was a masculine girl with long brown locks tucked into a ponytail and burning green eyes.

"Well, this is really embarrassing, but I only stopped wetting the bed a few months ago." She blushed and rested her head in her hand. Rini patted Lita's arm.

"It's okay, we all wet the bed at some point or another and then we grow out of it." she comforted. Lita smiled.

"Thanks, I thought you'd all laugh at the thought of a 16 year old wetting the bed." She sighed and leaned back in her chair.

"Hey, Serena, how about I get you that shake I promised you?" Amara asked. Serena looked at the girls and shook her head. "I'd rather stay here and listen to them some more." she replied. Amara walked towards the counter.

Rini stared at Amy, who was reading a book, her dark blue eyes barely moving. "What about you Amy? Have you ever wet yourself?" Amy glanced up from her book. She had short blue hair and was so smart, she was rumored to have an I.Q. of 300.

"Oh, yes I have." Amy said in a voice barely above a whisper. "One time, I drank a lot of Pepsi so I could stay awake for a late night study session, and soon I needed to use the bathroom really badly, but I ignored it and focused on my work. After finishing my math work, I realized if I didn't go now, I'd be wet all over, so I tried to get up to move, and I could hardly stand up. I ended up soaking my skirt right outside the bathroom door." She returned her gaze to the book again.

Rini gasped. "Awww, that's so bad Amy! Don't worry about it because it happens to everyone! We'll still be your friends, no matter what! Right girls?" The others shook their heads slowly in agreement.

Rini smirked and turned to Serena, and she knew what was coming next. Raye knew too, and chimed in.

"What about you, Serena? You are so clumsy and forgetful, you probably have accidents wherever you go! I wouldn't be surprised if you were peeing yourself right now!" she laughed. Rini snickered.

"I agree Raye, I bet she's having one right now!" She and Raye both laughed. Serena rose up in her seat and placed her hands on the table.

"Stop being so mean to me! I'm not the only one here who wets themselves on a daily basis, which I don't. I know that Amara wets the bed almost every night!" Serena gasped and covered her mouth, and the others gasped. Amara showed up then with Serena's shake.

"Here Serena, this is for being so nice to me today. So what's everyone talking about?" she asked. Nobody dared to say a word and just looked uncomfortable at each other, and then Serena finally broke the silence.

"I said something I shouldn't have said." she said.

"Oh, something about Darin again?"

Raye chimed into the converstation. "She told us you wet the bed every night!"

Amara's eyes grew wide, and then she looked away. "Um, I have to get going because it's getting late!" She then ran outside the front door as fast as she could.

Mina moved closer to Serena. "Serena, you told us a lie out of anger, didn't you?"

Lita nodded. "Yeah, what's going on here?" Rini chimed in.

"What was that all about? Can you tell us?" Serena looked away from their concerned faces.

"Actually, I wasn't lying. Today, she told me that she wets the bed sometimes, but she always cleans it up before Michelle wakes up. She's embarrassed about it, and made me swear not to tell anyone, and I just told the 5 of you!"

Rini gasped and then smiled a bit. "She should have known better then to tell you since you can't keep a secret! But you're right, it's your fault that you told everyone else here."

Serena ran off into the night, crying. "Now she'll hate me again!" She didn't hear Rini running after her.

"Serena, it's too late and besides, we don't even know where Amara went. Let it go for tonight." Serena smiled and picked the child up.

They tell the other girls goodbye and enter their house. And after a while, Rini is asleep, but Serena kept tossing and turning, thinking about what Amara would say to her. Eventually, Serena couldn't take it anymore and knew she had to apologize if she was going to do anything else. She wrote a note to Rini and Lune explaining where she was, put on her shoes and ran outside to the Outer Scouts' mansion.

She crawled over to Amara's and Michelle's bedroom window and knocked on it. "She won't answer the door if she knows it's me, so I have to do this the old-fashioned way." Michelle heard someone knocking on the window and opened it, almost knocking Serena down with it.

"Who's out here? I demand to know!" she called out. Serena tripped on something and rustled the bushes, causing Michelle to lean out the window. "Oh, Serena! What are you doing here?" She helped her up and Serena dusted herself off. "What are you doing here?" Michelle repeated again.

"I need to apologize to Amara. is she home?"

"No, I'm sorry. She said she had some errands to run."

"Okay. Well, I told everyone that she wets the bed, and now she's mad at me because she made me swear to keep it a secrete."

"Serena, you're just being silly! Amara doesn't wet the bed! If she did, she'd tell me something that important!"

"But she does! She cleans it up before you wake up, and she's embarrassed to tell you!"

"Serena, now you are acting crazy. I'm going to have to ask you to leave."

She pushed Serena out the front door and locked the gate. "But it's true!"

"Stop making up stuff Serena!" Michelle snapped at her and then walked back inside the house.

Rini ran up to Serena, panting heavily. "Hey, I, saw, the, note, you, wrote to me, and Luna. So I came over here as fast as I could!"

"I'm trying to find Amara so i can say I'm sorry to her, but I don't know where she goes when she's upset! Any ideas?"

Rini smiled. "Well, don't worry Serena, we can find her! Ummm, what about the coffee shop that's still open downtown? I have a feeling she's there."

Serena nodded and lead Rini along. "Let's go then!" she said.

They arrived in to the store to find Amara sitting in the back, looking very depressed.

Rini pushed Serena towards Amara. "I'll let you two talk, alright?" She smiled.

Serena fiddled with her hair for a minute before speaking. "Amara, I'm so sorry I told the girls that you wet the bed. They were mocking me and I said it out of anger, and I am truly sorry. If it helps, Michelle didn't believe me when I told her." Serena giggled.

Amara sighed and took a while to look up at the girl. "I'm not mad that you told them, I'm mad that you made a promise and then you broke it! I mean, you told me you wouldn't tell anyone, so I trusted you and then you tell everyone! However, Michelle not believing you makes me feel a little better."

"I'm so sorry I let you down, and now I know you'll probably never talk to me again, but I just wanted to say sorry anyway." Serena turned around to leave.

"What happened Serena?" Rini asked.

"I don't think she'll ever talk to me again."

"She's still mad at me for letting her down. Why, oh why did you have to mock me? All of this never would've happened if you just kept your big fat mouth shut!"

Rini gasped. "Whoa, you didn't just go there. And how is this even my fault Serena? You were the one who opened your mouth, so it's your fault!" She stormed upstairs into her room, tossing her shoes at Serena. Serena slapped her forehead.

"Great, I've managed to make an enemy of every Sailor Senshi, expect me!"

The next morning at 8 AM, both Serena and Rini woke up and walked downstairs. Rini smiled as if nothing happened last night.

"Hey Serena! You can use the bathroom first if you like!" She smiled.

Serena shook her head. "No thanks, I want to see if Amara's awake yet."

"Fine, then you can go there with stinky breath and needing to pee!" She laughed and started making her breakfast. Serena stamped her foot.

"I was going to brush my teeth first!"

She showered and brushed her teeth, and then got dressed. She put on a yellow long sleeved shirt and orange overalls with white sneakers and lacy socks. She then brushed her hair and put it up again. "Bye Rini, I'm going now!" she called and waved. Rini smiled.

"I'll be waiting!"

Amara woke up on the couch after getting in late that night. "What a rough night that was, and now my head hurts." She heard someone knocking on the door. "Oh, I wonder who that could be?" she asked herself.

"Oh, it's you Serena. What do you want?"

"I was just dropping by to see how you were doing! And also, um," She shifted from foot to foot slightly when she talked.

"What's wrong Serena? You can tell me."

"Umm, it's kinda embarrassing though." Serena then crossed her legs, realizing how stupid she was to forget her need before leaving. Amara noticed the leg crossing.

"Oh, you need to use the bathroom, don't you Serena?" Serena then blushed.

"What, oh no. Of course not!" Why would you ask that?"

"Well, I just noticed you were crossing your legs a little bit, but if you don't need to, then I would like to talk with you a bit. Please sit on the couch."

Serena sat down and felt cold and wet the second she did. "Ewww, this side it wet! Did you spill soda on it or something?" she asked. Amara blushed a little.

"Oh, yeah, it was soda! I'll sit there if it bothers you then." Serena shook her head.

"No, it's fine. Now, what were you going to say?" She moved around a little bit.

"I was going to say I'm extremely sorry for yelling at you last night at the restaurant. I was mad at myself for how I handled the situation."

"It's okay, I'd understand why you'd be embarrassed over that." She then crossed her legs and bent forward slightly.

"Thanks for understanding my embarrassment. Are you alright Serena?" she asked. "If you don't mind, I'd like to tell you why I wet the bed."

Serena sat up a little bit. "Of crouse I'm fine! Tell me why you wet the bed." She hoped she didn't sound too eager.

"Well, every time I dream about me and Michelle, which only happens every once in a while, I get excited over whatever we are doing in the dream and when I wake up, I find myself wet all over my underwear. I don't know why it only happens in those types of dreams."

"But I thought that only happened to boys!" Serena gasped and covered her mouth, but Amara just giggled.

"Well, you know I'm more boyish then other girls Serena."

"True, but still." Serena couldn't meet Amara's eyes.

"I'm sorry if it's wrong for me to do this, but it's only once every 2 months and it's something I can't control. Do you know how I can?"

Serena shook her head no and then remembered what she was sitting on. "So, this wet spot on the couch, it's not soda, is it?"

"Well, no. I peed on the couch last night and now you're sitting in it."

"EWWW! I'm sorry, but it is kinda gross what I'm sitting in."

"It's my fault, I should've told you something before you sat there."

"No, you were embarrassed about it, and like I said, I understand that. And I should've told you before I came in, I really have to use the bathroom now!" She got up and started dancing around desperatly.

"Of crouse I was embrassed about it, but oh, if you need to go that bad, then go Serena!" She smiled.

Serena ran to the downstairs bathroom and knocked on the door. "Hello, who's in here?" she called. She heard a cheery little girl voice.

"It's Hotaru! I'm in here peeing, could you wait a few minutes?"

Serena knew sher couldn't wait a few minutes, so she ran up to the one upstairs and found that one locked as well. "Hello, who's in this one?" she asked while clutching her crotch.

"Serena? Is that you? It's okay, I'm getting out now." Michelle opened the door and smiled, but Serena almost knocked her down trying to get in.

"Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that!" she apolagised.

Michelle giggled. "It's okay Serena!"

Serena then used the bathroom, washed her hands, and then walked back downstairs.

"Amara, is it possible for me to have a sleepover here in July? I won't bother you guys, just a little something for me and Hotaru to do together!" She smiled.

"Oh, sure, no problem Serena! In fact, you can have it tonight if you want to!"

"Uh, no, I'd perfer to have it in July since I'll be busy this month. And next month too!"

"Well, okay then Serena. July it is then. I can't wait to have you over!"

*001*2011-05-11 01:38

I think I rushed too much on this, like skipping most of their walks to the places just so I could move the story along. Of course that's just what I thought. ^^

*003*2011-05-16 23:26

{:{ 

It was nice that you had so many of the senshi wetting, although more details could've been nice to, or if they had to wear diapers! <3 Still it was a nice story and I'm glad I read it ^_^

}}

I have some more too with ore wettings. I should get the second one up tonight. ^^

