Military Discipline

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2012-09-01 14:26

Before I start this I'm going to tell you how this fiction is different from other omorashi fictions out there. And no, that isn't just me trying to disguise a statement of superiority. Different is not always better.

The basic difference between this and other omorashi fictions is that this is probably going to contain less omorashi than most, and contain more of other types of sexual and non-sexual content. (It contains considerable levels of satire and parody.) Honestly, I wasn't sure whether this should be in this thread or the off-topic one. But since it does contain omorashi I thought it had best be here. When I say that this is "co-written" by Kimiko, what I really mean is that she is advising me on what it is like to be a pretty girl with bladder control issues, something which I cannot experience myself, not that I really want to.

Thanks to an annoying feature where I cannot edit a post more than 24 hours after it is posted, I have a difficult choice to make. I can either post it in small chunks, like my previous fictions, or in longer chapters which will be pre-written and then copy-pasted. At the moment I am erring towards longer chapters, so that is what I shall be doing until further notice. Before a chapter I shall give warnings for violence, messing, non-consensuality or anything else which may be disturbing (we're very sick-minded).

This will terminate this post, and Chapter 1, when finished, will form the next post.

*001*2012-09-02 12:43

Military Discipline - Chapter 1

Contains archaic sexist views which are not those of the author(s).

Note: This takes place in an alternate universe.

Note 2: When we talk about “first-name” or “last-name” terms, we’re trying to replicate the major differences between formal and informal language in Japanese. Obviously, we’re not doing that very well.

Sergeant Mori was rarely an amicable person, but today his mood was lower than it had been since he joined the Army. It wasn't that the platoon was deploying to the front - that was a consolation. Peace on earth is an admirable goal for most, but for him it was a bore. He yearned for blood, death and carnage as much as the next man yearned for a respite from it. In only a few hours he would be on his way to a rampage of rape, pillage and destruction. But no, he wouldn't. Why? Because his commanding officer was a girl. He, a 26-year-old man at his physical prime, who could bench-press 150kg and flatten anyone else in the regiment, let alone the platoon, was subordinate to a 21-year-old girl who liked putting flowers in her hair. Yes, most of the boys liked "Captain" Tani, but that was understandable given her fantastic physique and flawless face. Yes, she excelled in fitness tests, but he bettered her in every way.

He had 8 years of front-line combat experience with 80 confirmed kills. She had no combat experience beyond exercises and sparring with the others. Why had they chosen her over him? "Leadership skills". Didn't he have leadership skills? He could control a group of men better than anyone he knew. A popular leader does improve morale, but a leader who would kill his own men unarmed without hesitation does tend to instil obedience more than any other. No impartial judge could possibly consider this to be fair. But no one objected. Why? Because "Captain" Tani was a girl. The first female officer in a combat unit was a "great advance in women's rights" for the Empire. Why should the Empire even use girls as soldiers? Had they suddenly run out of men? They even set the fitness criteria lower for them. Was this an army or a nursery? He had requested a transfer to another platoon, but had been declined. Why?

"We see no reason why a man should not take orders from a female officer. Please place your archaic views aside and accept a necessary change." He had burnt the reply with his cigar lighter. He used the same lighter to ignite a pungent Turkish cigar and brought it to his mouth. After singeing his lips he realised that "it" referred to the cigar, not the lighter, and brought that to his mouth instead. As the smoke destroyed his lungs he closed his eyes and thought of his brilliant plan to assert his superiority. He remained in this trance for several minutes before remembering that plans have to be acted upon to work.

Sgt. Mori looked at his wristwatch and noted the time - 13:00. The aircraft was leaving in an hour. Everyone else had gone to the mess to get their last proper meal for some time. He stood up, stretched and began his brief walk to the mess. He chuckled as he fondled the bottle in his pocket. Though he despised Captain Tani in person, he was also drawn to her beautiful body. And what better way is there to savour a woman's body than to humiliate her? In most cultures there are few things more humiliating than wetting oneself as an adult. He remembered how he used to spike girls' drinks with diuretics and watch them squirm, then pee, then cry. He still had the videos, and masturbated to them most evenings.

Strangely, he had never had a long-term girlfriend. Now Captain Tani was going to meet exactly the same fate. Even the most vehement feminist would have to admit that it is much more difficult for women to relieve themselves than men. And poor little Captain Tani was going to have her humiliation filmed and uploaded to every pornographic website Sgt. Mori could think of, which was quite an extensive list. Already his fantasy had given him a big enough erection that he bent over slightly. His trousers were too loose to really show it. He regained his composure and swung open the mess doors like a gunslinger in an extremely clichéd western. Almost every head turned towards him. He found Captain Tani's, easily identifiable due to its feminine features and the flower on it, and walked towards her.

Captain Tani had been enjoying a pleasant day playing football (soccer) and talking with her friends, her enjoyment greatly enhanced by a lack of Sgt. Mori’s malevolent presence. Sitting round the table with her were 3 of her 4 closest friends, along with several others. She was the only woman in the platoon, but that did not bother her much. She had always preferred to be with boys from a young age anyway. For anyone reading beginning to hope she was gay, she wasn’t. Sitting next to her and holding her hand was Private Yamashiro Yoshihiko, whom she, along with others, affectionately referred to as “Yoshi”, even though he didn’t remotely resemble a green dinosaur often ridden by Italian plumbers. He was tall, muscular and handsome, and would doubtless have received considerable female attention if there were more females around.

As it was, the only attention he received beside Captain Tani’s was that of the man next to him, Private Shimuzu Takahiro, a true bishonen who was so effeminate that many had mistaken him for a woman, and who had also taken to wearing flowers in his hair before literally having the shit beaten out of him by Sgt. Mori in the showers. Mori had received nothing more than a caution for this incident. Despite this, Takahiro had regularly showed courage and integrity, and was liked, if not loved, by most of the platoon. Sitting on the other side of the table was Corporal Park Ki-sung, who, as you should hopefully be able to tell from his name, was Korean. He was a quiet man who operated radios, computers and other equipment, but had a suppressed violent edge few wished to reveal. The fourth, absent man was Medical Officer Saigo Shinsaku, who hardly ever came to the mess and preferred to stay outside.

The one thing these 4 people all had in common, and what set them apart from the others, including MO Saigo, was that they were all virgins. Captain Tani, or Yuko as her friends knew her, had stated aged 18 that she intended to abstain until marriage, and had never doubted that statement since. Yoshihiko had made a similar pledge, met with considerably more scorn. The other 2 had never had the opportunity to relieve themselves of their virginities, much as they had wished to. By many people’s standards Captain Tani was very proper; she never masturbated and was repulsed by pornography.

Even her style of speech was somewhat old-fashioned. Yoshihiko was somewhat more liberal in his approach to abstinence; while he was also opposed to pornography, he did occasionally pleasure himself while fantasising about his commanding officer. Theirs was an unusual relationship in that he wielded more physical power, but she was in a higher position of authority and commanded him both on and off duty. Unlike Sgt. Mori, he did not resent this position. In today’s society might is not always right, even in the military, and the struggle for women’s rights is essentially about removing that perception.

Another thing all 4 had in common was a level of intelligence far above average. Before Sgt. Mori had entered they had been engaged in a conversation about women’s position in Imperial society. Besides a few comments at inappropriate times, the other men did not participate in this conversation, and continued to brag about how many girls they could fit on their 30cm dicks at once. Mori’s entry had silenced the entire room. She sat perfectly straight in her chair, as always, and expressed as much authority as she could with a flower in her hair. Her relationship with most of the platoon was on first-name terms, but with him it was a matter of seeming as powerful as possible.

“Good afternoon, Sergeant.”

“Good afternoon, Captain.”

“Do you want anything, or are you just trying to ruin my afternoon?”

“I simply wanted to wish you good luck, Captain.”

“That’s surprisingly nice of you, Sergeant.”

“I’ll get you a drink if you want.”

Captain Tani felt a pang of fear. Was he really planning to – no, surely not. Still, it was best to refuse.

“No, thank you. I don’t want to be dashing for the latrines more than I have to.”

“Well, that’s fine with me. But I know how much you like decent beer, and I’ve got some for you.”

She did miss relaxing with a cold beer often, but not enough to risk sexual assault. Besides, only a fool would drink on duty.

“As I said, no. Not now.”

“I’ll be over here if you want me.”

Sgt. Mori sidled over to a corner table and sat on a bench. Everyone else deserted the table immediately and migrated to the other side of the room. He hadn’t expected Captain Tani to fall for that, and his second plan was much better prepared than his first.

Captain Tani turned back to her friends and resumed the conversation.

“I have to admit, Sgt. Mori terrifies me.”

“We’re all terrified, Yuko,” said Takahiro.

Her voice dropped quieter.

“It’s worse for me. You’re afraid of being beaten up. I’m afraid of being violated.”

Yoshihiko held her hand a little tighter. His voice was almost paternal.

“Even Sgt. Mori wouldn’t dare to do anything to you, Yuko. Not while we’re with you.”

Captain Tani was slightly indignant. She was as independent as any man she knew.

“I don’t need to be guarded, Yoshi! I can look after myself!”

Silence descended again. Sgt. Mori’s presence had dimmed the atmosphere considerably. Takahiro, as often, attempted to raise the mood.

“Do you think we should go outside? Get away from him?” He pointed towards Sgt. Mori as if he was some kind of Lovecraftian abomination. Captain Tani soundly agreed.

“Good idea.”

The 4 of them got up and walked outside, and most of the platoon followed. Sgt. Mori was left alone in the corner, drawing on a pungent Turkish cigar. It was time for his second, better-prepared plan to be deployed. He fondled the bottle in his pocket again. Through the smoky haze he lusted over images of Captain Tani grabbing her crotch and squealing in distress. Smoking since the age of 13 had not yet prevented his penis from extending to a length of 25cm. After a few minutes of this blissful fantasy he too got up and shuffled out of the door.

As was usual in the Imperial Army, Sgt. Mori was also the quartermaster, and consequently had control of all the platoon’s supplies, weapons and food. Besides Captain Tani and MO Saigo, he was the only man allowed to enter the storehouse alone, and had severe punishments in place for anyone else trying to embezzle some additional rations. Unfortunately for him, the boys were too frightened of him to ever break his rules, so he never had the chance to deploy Field Punishment No.1, or get out his cat of nine tails. He had often fantasised about punishing Captain Tani in these ways, but these fantasies remained impossible, since not only was she his “superior” in rank she was also impeccably behaved and always followed rules to the word.

Still, she was going to be punished today. Her crime? Being a girl. Was it fair? Absolutely. He unlocked the storehouse door and entered. Only at this point did he realise that he had not actually eaten anything in the mess. A combination of the hormone-suppressing effects of nicotine and his obsession with humiliating his CO had distracted him. He’d make up for it on the aircraft. Before his mind could become distracted again he stuffed a bag of rice, along with some other food items he did not bother to identify, into his pack. Now his attention could turn fully to his plan again. Unfortunately, his brilliant second plan did not go past “go to the storehouse and think”, and now he was unsure of what to do.

Captain Tani was rightly very cautious of accepting drinks from men, and always carried her water canteen with her. It wasn’t going to be easy to get her to consume the diuretics. Once she did consume them, though, the work was done. Within 2 hours she’d be wetting herself like a pre-schooler. He sat down on a crate and lit another cigar. Looking down and reading “High Explosive”, he leapt up, ran across the room and sat on a crate of medical supplies instead. How could he get this little bitch to take the diuretics?

He looked down at the crate. Medical supplies. This was where he’d got the diuretics in the first place. Medical supplies. He stood up and opened the crate. There were a variety of bottles of pills and potions there, and to his layman’s eye they would all have seemed alike, if not for the useful labels MO Saigo had put on them so he could tell them apart. The labels gave the name of the drug, which he could neither understand nor remember, and then its effect and the ailments it treated.

Various forms of diuretics were there, some like the ones in his pocket. He stared into the box for a while, then finally developed a plan that might actually work. He remembered that Captain Tani suffered badly from air sickness, and that she usually took pills before flying. Those pills very closely resembled some of the diuretics. If he put diuretics into the bottle for air sickness tablets, no one would be able to tell…He admired his own brilliance. This plan might actually work. Cute little Captain Tani might not make it to the bathroom…He opened the bottle of air sickness tablets, poured them onto the floor and poured in the diuretics. He screwed the lid shut, slammed the crate lid down, opened the storehouse doors and ran towards the MO’s office without locking them. About halfway there, he realised, turned back, locked the doors and ran back again. Captain Tani and her friends, now including MO Saigo, were watching this with some amusement.

MO Saigo was tall, thin and handsome in a certain way. Unlike the others he was at age 28 married to an exceptionally good-looking girl 7 years his junior, and had 2 young children with her. His occupation necessitated that he did not see them very often, so he was often lonely and morose. At this time, though, he was somewhat jocose, and joined in laughing at Sgt. Mori. As Mori entered his office through the back door, though, his smile vanished and he ran over towards him. He was probably trying to steal chloroform again. Thanks to his slim figure MO Saigo was an excellent runner over middle and long distance, but his sprint speed was poor.

Previously Mori had repeatedly asked him to prove that Captain Tani was unfit for service, and each request had been met with a prudent reply that if she could not serve, then neither could 50% of the male members of the platoon, since she exceeded them in physical tests. Mori was unsatisfied with this and thought that they should be discharged as well, for being less powerful than a woman. Saigo had no response for this other than that if Mori wanted to improve his fitness, he could stop smoking 20 cigars every day. Mori then would leave, thinking of what he’d do to Captain Tani if he had a chance. The 2 men were not friends, and still referred to each other by last names.

When MO Saigo entered his office he found Sgt. Mori spinning round on his swivel chair smoking yet another pungent Turkish cigar.

“Sergeant, please give a good reason why you’re polluting my office and destroying my chair.”

Sgt. Mori was unfazed.

“I was just checking that you had all the medication required. I am the quartermaster, you know.”

“And if I check my shelves, all the drugs will still be there?”

“Yes. Besides, I’m the quartermaster now. If I wanted to steal anything I could just take it from the storehouse.”

Previously MO Saigo had been unsure if Sgt. Mori had actually realised that. He walked over to the cupboards, opened them and took stock of all his drugs. All seemed to be present. He closed the cupboards again.

“Well, if you’re done, please leave.”

Sgt. Mori stood up and walked outside. A smug, sadistic smile crawled across his face. Poor little Captain Tani was going to have a little accident in her underwear…and it would all be on film.

Reviews and comments are welcome. The second part will come within the next few days. We can't give an exact date.

*003*2012-09-04 16:09

Military Discipline – Chapter 1 cont.

Contains more bigoted sexism.

Note: Difficulties with translating honorifics, levels of formality and other intricacies have led to some difficulties. Please try to understand our efforts.

MO Saigo followed Sgt. Mori out of his office and locked the door. What had he been doing in there? He ran back to Captain Tani and her other friends.

“What was Sgt. Mori doing?”

“Taking stock, supposedly. I don’t know what he was actually doing. He wasn’t stealing, anyway.”

Captain Tani looked at her wristwatch.

“That reminded me. Shinsaku, I need my air sickness tablets. Please could you get them for me?”

When she requested things in that way it was too easy to forget she was an officer, not a schoolgirl.

“Of course. I’ll get them for you.”

MO Saigo ran back to his office, unlocked the door, took the air sickness tablets, began to run back, realised he had forgotten to lock the door, turned back, locked it and ran back to Captain Tani. Sgt. Mori, who was watching all this from the shadow of some nearby trees, quietly chuckled.

“Thanks.”

Captain Tani took the tablets and put them in one of her numerous trouser pockets.

“It’s not long before we go now. I’ll go back to my room and get my stuff.”

Yoshihiko followed her.

“I’ll go and get my stuff, too. And I’ll carry yours if you want.”

Captain Tani smiled.

“You don’t need to. I’m as strong as the average man.”

“As you repeatedly tell us. But I’m a lot stronger than the average man. And besides, shouldn’t a private carry his officer’s kit for her?”

“No. As I’ve told you many times before, I don’t need any special treatment because of my gender.”

“You can carry my stuff if you’d like to.” Yoshihiko did not merit Takahiro’s request with an answer.

Seeing the rest of the platoon slowly drifting back to the dormitories, Sgt. Mori followed them.

Most of the platoon slept in shared rooms of 4 bunks. There were some exceptions. Captain Tani had her own room, primarily because of her rank and secondarily, though she would never admit it, because of her gender. MO Saigo usually slept in the swivel chair of his office. Sgt. Mori used a shared room, but since no one was prepared to share with him he had all 4 bunks to himself. Consequently, he had the privacy to pleasure himself to the internet’s vilest pornography whenever he wanted to.

As he entered his squalid room, with suspicious stains on the walls, he was salivating in the anticipation of the arousal that was to come. He laughed at the pathetic innuendo in the previous sentence and turned to the mirror he had installed by his bed. If his filthy yellow teeth and filthier sexuality were discounted, he would have been quite attractive. As it was, he was hideous. He collected his kit and rifle, walked out of the room and slammed the door shut so it became unhinged and fell backwards. After a few selected expletives, he leaned against the wall and returned to his fantasies.

Captain Tani, meanwhile, had returned to her perfectly ordered and considerably larger officer’s room, complete with its own bathroom, which would have made a textbook example look shabby. After rising at 6:00 every morning she always checked that her kit, rifle and uniform were in impeccable condition before running several laps round the base, going to the gym for a workout, taking a short, cold shower and finally calling the platoon for breakfast at 7:00. In short, her behaviour was flawless. Even perfectly-behaved soldiers need to relieve themselves sometimes, though, and Captain Tani decided to avail herself of a decent bathroom while it was available. She removed her trousers and underwear, sat down and released herself, sighing in relaxation.

Unlike most of the boys, she wore a bra and panties under her uniform, mainly to prevent chafing, and also to prevent any embarrassing stains if her period started. Since she could voice an opinion she had always preferred to dress practically (unlike Kimiko) and felt most at ease in loose trousers and boots. Her tunic had to be designed especially for her, for obvious anatomical reasons the author hopes he doesn’t have to explain. Other than that, and the flowers she put in her hair to retain some traditional femininity, she was dressed exactly like a man. And that, in her view, was how it should be.

After finishing she got up, flushed the toilet, washed her hands with the precision of a surgeon who does not work at the author’s hospital (I often have to remind them to wash under their nails) and cleaned her teeth. This was the last chance she had to correct her appearance, so she wanted it to be perfect. For her, that was not too difficult. As she looked into the bathroom mirror she felt a sudden urge to describe her exceptional beauty in the most florid language known to woman, but suppressed it, not wanting to ruin a decent omorashi fiction with a torrent of purple prose. It sufficed to say that she was tall, toned and orgasmically attractive.

She took her water canteen and filled it from the tap. She took out the tablets which MO Saigo had given her and swallowed 2 of them with the water. She’d suffered badly from air sickness since she could remember, an ailment which was further exacerbated by her fear of flying. She was very grateful for MO Saigo’s pills. This time, though, her gratitude was not deserved. These tablets were not going to give her an easier journey. They were only going to make things much, much tougher. Captain Tani was, blissfully or otherwise, unaware of this, and walked out of the room with her rifle over her shoulder and her helmet under her arm.

Yoshihiko was waiting in the corridor, with the others.

“Changed your mind about me carrying your stuff for you?”

“I haven’t.” Takahiro thrust his rifle into Yoshihiko’s hands. Yoshihiko thrust it back to him, causing him to stagger back.

Captain Tani smiled at the homoerotic innuendo of the previous sentences and looked at her wristwatch.

“Come on, boys. It’s time to go down to the airstrip.”

The party walked down the corridor, passing Sgt. Mori on the way. Captain Tani didn’t like seeing him idle, and decided to order him to round up the others.

“Sergeant!”

“Yes, sir?”

Captain Tani stopped and turned round. The others stopped with her.

“Excuse me?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Do I look like a man to you?”

“Well, no.”

“Then why are you calling me sir?”

“Because you’re a girl doing a man’s job.”

Captain Tani didn’t know whether to feel complimented or insulted. She chose insulted.

“Sergeant, there aren’t “women’s jobs” and “men’s jobs” anymore. Clearly the Colonel could not find any man better than me to command this platoon, including you, so he chose me. Being a woman is no longer a disadvantage-“

“No, it is.”

Now she was genuinely insulted.

“Don’t interrupt me, Sergeant. Being a woman is no longer a disadvantage-“

“No, it is.”

Captain Tani was rapidly becoming furious. Her hands were already tightening into fists.

“Sergeant!”

Sgt. Mori placed his hand on her shoulder. His voice dropped to the patronising tone of a schoolmaster addressing a miscreant girl. The acrid smoke of Turkish cigars blew round her face and brought tears into her eyes, adding to those already there. One thing she truly hated about herself was that she cried when she was angry. She had to maintain a position of authority. She took deep breaths and forced the tears back as Sgt. Mori began. If Sgt. Mori saw her cry, that would only give more proof of his superiority.

“Sssh. Calm down, Yuko. Let me explain. Now, at the moment you are very angry, and probably feel like punching me. The reason why you’re not is that you know that if you attack me, you will probably end up on the floor in a puddle of your own pee. I’m not going to attack you, either, because I know that all your friends will jump on me and pulverise me in seconds if I do. So the reason we’re not fighting right now is mutually assured destruction. And that is the basis of all power. Why do people obey the law? Because the police will arrest them if they don’t. But the police can’t arrest everyone. If everyone broke the law, then the police could do little to stop them. Their power is little more than an illusion. Have you ever ridden a horse, Yuko?”

Captain Tani was still too occupied with holding her tears back to do anything but answer him.

“Yes, I have.”

The rest of the platoon were unsure of what to do. Obviously Captain Tani was in no real danger, but they couldn’t just allow her to be taunted like this. Or could they? Couldn’t she look after herself? Wasn’t she an independent woman? None of them knew how close she had come to crying. To them, she was still as strong and solid as before. Yoshihiko was straining to dash forward and grab his girl, but he knew that was not what she wanted. She could handle this…couldn’t she?

“A horse is much stronger than a man. I would stand no chance against a horse in single combat. But you, a little girl who cries so easily, were able to control it and command it. Why? You projected an illusion of power. As for horses, so for men. To keep these cowering cretins under your control, you need to seem powerful. I can do that. Every man here has at least a slight feeling of fear towards me. But you? The only reason these boys obey you is that they hope you’ll suck their microscopic dicks if they’re well-behaved! When we go into action, your boys will desert you like a listing liner, and you’ll be left alone under enemy fire! Is that what you want, or do you want a man in command? Come on, Yuko! You’re supposed to be responsible!”

Note: That was a hastily-written and poor example of a “Vasily lecture”. I may use that term again.

Sgt. Mori was shaking Captain Tani violently, and his eyes were full of malice and cruelty. If his trousers had been transparent, the length of his stretching penis would have stunned a porn model. Captain Tani finally regained her composure and spoke. The tears were gone. She needed an illusion of power, and that was what she was projecting now.

“Sergeant, that was the biggest load of bullshit I’ve ever heard in my life. You’re going to apologise to me, and you’re going to do it now. Get down on your knees.”

Sgt. Mori stopped shaking her and stared, incredulous, into the eyes he had seen glimmering with tears only seconds before. Captain Tani pointed to the ground.

“Get down on your knees and apologise.”

Mori looked from left to right. The faces of the platoon were not on his side. Most of them had never heard Captain Tani swear before, and few of them could have withstood Sgt. Mori’s lecture without crying. Yoshihiko’s anguished frown became a smile. Captain Tani could deal with Mori. Sgt. Mori, grimacing as he did, knelt down on one knee and took a deep breath.

“I apologise, Captain.”

There was a slight delay.

“Now, can we go and get on that fucking transport plane? It must have been on the tarmac for half an hour.”

“Get up, and go to the back.”

Sgt. Mori followed her orders. That little bitch had humiliated him. The three words of that apology felt like spitting out blazing coals. The faces of the platoon were glowering at him. Well, she was going to suffer some severe humiliation herself in a couple of hours – humiliation that would make the men forget his entirely.

As Sgt. Mori traipsed to the back of the line, Captain Tani walked in front of her men, her head held high and proud, still sporting a flower. Yoshihiko walked up beside her and put his arm around her.

“Are you OK, Yuko?”

“I’m fine! I can handle Sgt. Mori. Even he wouldn’t dare to actually strike me in front of you boys.”

“I’m just checking you’re OK. You looked like you had tears in your eyes.”

“Tears? No, it’s just my natural sparkle.”

Both of them laughed.

Reviews and comments are welcome. We're sorry this is a little shorter than the first post, but we wanted to get it up before bed and it's after 1:00, so we posted what we'd done so far.

*006*2012-09-05 15:16

{{:

I'm quite a fan of this series. I suppose you've got a thing for Asian girls, but do you think you'll ever write something involving the Israeli army at some point?

(that's a pretty monster bench press too)

}}

Yes, I do have a preference for Asian girls. Honestly, that was one of the primary reasons I moved over here, and it worked out very well. *kisses Kimiko*

Something involving the Israeli army is a possibility. Eventually.

And Sgt. Mori is supposed to be enormously strong, despite his smoking habit. That becomes quite important later. The next update is in the works, but is progressing slowly thanks to our efforts to go to bed earlier.

