HARRY+ DRACO serialized novel

Author: Ranma23

*000*2012-02-11 12:55

THANK YOU FOR READING

I am revising and reediting all the chapters of my story with the precious help of other members of the website. I hope you all will find the time to read it again and tell me what you think.

If you read the word "Chapter" that is the edited version, if you read "Episode" that's the old one. The work is in progress.

The story is now saying what I wanted it to say in a correct English, so that you can enjoy the form and the content. Hope you like it.

Harry and Draco 13 years old are the main characters. I am keeping similarties to the real characters but i made some changes.

My Draco is just a cute, skinny, blonde wizard with a very bad relationship with his father, who raised him up violent and mean as he thinks a dark wizard should be.

HARRY+DRACO - serialized novel

Writer: Ranma23

Creative Editor 1: Missblondie

Creative editor 2: KayLeigh

*001*2012-02-11 21:09

Chapter 1

MASQUERADE

Draco just got out of the shower, when Goyle dashed into the bathroom with a postcard in his hands.

"Draco! There’s a part...Ooohh" he screamed, slipping on the wet floor and falling heavily on his butt.

"What the f-” cursed Draco, quickly covering himself with a towel.

Later in the Slytherin common room, everybody was talking about the masquerade that was to take place on Halloween night in the Hogwarts Great Hall.

Draco was not so excited about dressing up. "Students may not enter the party without a costume" he read on the poster and sighed.

But then again, that could be a good occasion for tricking some Griffindors...

"TRICK OR TREAT!?" yelled a voice behind him. He turned and found himself face to face with his father. Draco was so shocked that he tripped on the table leg and fell to the ground.

It was then that he realised it was only Goyle standing in front of him, holding a mask which featured Lucius Malfoy’s face.

Draco was furious. "How dare you… You stupid troglodyte!" he snarled, jumping up and, with a nervous wave of his wand, he had burned the mask down. Goyle realized that it was burning only when the fire touched his fingers, and let go of it with an "ouch!"

The whole room was staring at Draco now, and he felt very embarrassed for getting scared by his father's face like that. They didn't know how scared Draco was of him in real life and they should never find out.

"What are you staring at?!" he screamed at the students, before turning and walking up the stairs to his room.

At 9pm all the students were out in the hallway heading to the Great Hall.

Draco had decided to dress up as a Vampire and had put a charm to his canine teeth to make them a little longer than the others. He couldn’t quite remember why he had decided to let Pansy put black eyeliner on him, but had to admit that it added to the look.

Harry, Hermione and Ron entered the party while Draco was sitting at a table with some other Slytherins.

Hermione was dressed as a fairy; she looked beautiful with her hair up, in a sparkling skirt and with two translucent wings which had been charmed to flutter on her back.

Ron was dressed as a Viking: he was wearing a big hat with long horns, and two braids of red hair were coming out from the side of it.

Harry was dressed as Merlin, with a blue long dress, a cone hat and a long, white beard.

As they passed by his table, Draco pondered the fact that the female mudblood was actually hotter than he had originally thought… but the two boys looked absolutely ridiculous.

" Merlin? .... Epic!" sneered Draco

"How did you get in without a costume, Malfoy?" asked Harry sarcastically.

"Watch out! You’re walking on your beard" smirked Draco before turning back to his friends

"These two!" sighed Hermione and walked past them, dragging Ron with her.

The party turned out to be very nice: the room was crowded, the music good, and there was lots of drinks and food.

Draco was having a blast with his friends, who seemed to have forgotten about his earlier performance.

After many glasses of butter beer, Draco was feeling very full. He had been hanging out with his friends, holding his pee for hours without even noticing, but now his bladder was making itself known. He sat down and tried to ignore it.

After another half hour, however, he was talking to someone when he realised that he couldn't really keep still.

"Would you excuse me?" he said, before dashing in the direction of the bathroom. He was cursing himself for having waited so long; his eyes were filling in tears for the wave of urge that would never stop.

As he reached the bathroom, he couldn't believe the line of people in front of it.

He joined the line restlessly and began lifting his legs up and down and bending forward.

He whimpered and sighed. "I can't hold it any longer!" he thought.

Harry came out of the bathroom and took off his fake beard, throwing it into a bin. He ran into Draco, who was folded in two.

He really didn't like the guy but seeing him like that, he couldn't help wondering what was going on.

"Are you okay, Malfoy?"

"Uh?" Draco didn't even look up.

"It’s Epic Merlin. Are you ok?"

Draco finally stood up, his hands gripping his crotch, his legs bouncing. "I'd say that I am far from okay, Potter! " he said in a broken voice.

Harry realized then that the Ice Prince had to pee really badly and, judging by the long line, he would probably end up wetting himself.

Harry bit his lip to hide a smile. Draco's eyes were watering and the make-up that Pansy had put on his eyes was melting in a vertical line. Harry felt some unexpected warmth, looking at the scene.

"Hey Malfoy, come with me,” said Harry, “There's another bathroom not too far away."

"Are you kidding me, Potter...?" said Draco between clenched teeth, shaking violently.

What had happened to Potter? Why was he helping him out? For a second, Draco’s blood froze thinking about the possibility of being tricked while in his current situation.

"Okay, if you don't want to…” said Harry lightly, and he began to walk away.

"Hold on, Potter! Where is that bathroom?" said Draco impatiently, stomping his feet on the floor, "I can't wait a minute more!"

Harry blushed, he didn't know why in the world he was feeling so excited about seeing his rival squirming like that.

He rushed down a deserted hallway, while Draco was walking behind him and gasping frantically at every step.

The kid suddenly stopped, crossing his legs very tight and bending over. A spurt came out of him and another right after it.

"Here's the bathroom! " said Harry a few steps ahead of him, then he turned to see Draco, and saw him frozen with his legs wrapped around one another.

"I can't hold it...it's coming out..." said Draco, putting all his strength into holding it.

Harry walked back to him. "Come on, mate. You can make it," he said softly

Draco looked at the door of the bathroom: it seemed to be a mile away.

He clenched his muscles and managed to walk to the door, but as he passed through it, he had to stop again.

His bladder twitched violently and he leant on the wall, bending at the waist.

Harry was next to him, and saw his hands clenched to his crotch getting wet and pee flooding through the cloth of his pants and splashing on the floor. A big puddle was growing around him.

Harry was red in the face, his mouth half open. He didn't know what to say: he was feeling confused and excited, but also bad for Draco and he couldn't take his eyes off him.

Draco began to sob, black tears running down his face as he stood there unable to look at Harry's face.

That was so humiliating and he could not imagine what his father would do if he found out...

" D...Draco..." said Harry softly, "Don't worry: no-one will know about this but you and me. I promise."

Draco turned his head to Harry, hearing his first name in the other boy’s voice for the first time. "Thank you, for trying to help me...anyway " he said, sniffing and wiping his tears on the sleeve of his shirt.

Harry waved his wand and cleaned up both Draco and the floor. "No problem," he said.

At that exact moment, Draco's heart sank as he heard the voice of his father, calling him from the hallway.

"This can't be possible!" he said, terrified.

"I saw them walking this way," said the voice of the caretaker.

The bathroom door slammed open, and the two kids started in fear.

"Draco!" said Lucius, quickly glancing at Harry before behaving like he wasn't even there, "I was here at Hogwarts to talk to Dumbledore and decided to see how you were doing. But I couldn't find you anywhere...What are you doing here? Why are you crying?"

He was furious, most of all at seeing his son crying like a baby in front of Potter. He hadn't even seen him crying like that in years.

" I... can explain.." said Draco, shaking

"I am also curious as to what Harry Potter is doing here with you."

The scene was quite equivocal: Harry with his wand out and Draco crying, disarmed.

"I want to know the truth now!" Lucius said in a loud voice

Draco was terrified. He quickly reviewed all the possible lies and realized that, in any case, he would end up being punished.

From his side, Harry understood the tension between father and son. He couldn't even claim that he had attacked Draco and made him cry, because this would be a very humiliating thing for Lucius Malfoy and then Draco would get punished.

"Well," said Lucius, "If no-one is talking, I will assume that Potter will be brought to the headmaster's office to receive the right punishment for using magic against you."

Harry sighed. Draco looked at him and their eyes met for a long second.

"What is going on here?" asked Snape, opening the door of the bathroom.

Harry was getting pale.

"Snape, you arrived just at the right moment. You can take care of Harry’s punishment for using magic against Draco"

"Of course," said Snape, "What happened, incidentally?"

Before Lucius could speak, Draco cut in: "I peed myself."

They all froze.

Harry couldn't believe Draco's words. He had been sure the blond would let Snape punish him for something he didn’t do, not only to be mean as usual, but because- from what Harry could see- he was too afraid of what his father could do to him.

"I had to pee very badly and there was a long line in front of the bathroom," continued Draco, staring at the floor, "Harry told me there was another bathroom not far away and brought me here, but I didn't make it to the stall...that is why I am crying and that is why his wand is out: he just helped clean up."

Harry gulped as he glanced at Lucius’ face; there was no doubt that he was scary-looking.

He saw new tears filling Draco's eyes.

Snape put a hand on Harry's shoulder and pushed him gently out of the door. "I guess we can go now, the mystery is unfolded," he said while gazing at Lucius, who didn't stop staring at Draco, showing all his disappointment.

Harry looked at Draco passing in front of him while leaving the room. The kid was still looking down in surrender.

"Sir," said Harry, while walking at Snape's side, "What is he going to do to Draco?"

"How could I possibly know that, Potter?" said Snape, and left him in front of the Great Hall

Harry went back to Hermione and Ron. He wasn't able to have fun anymore. His eyes kept glancing at the door, hoping to see Draco coming in.

"What's wrong Harry?" asked Hermione, after a while.

Harry decided to tell her and Ron what had happened. They went off into a corner of the hall where they could talk.

"Oh my!" said Hermione after Harry had recounted the story, "I don't know Malfoy at all, but I heard that his father is a very strict person and forces him to be just like him."

"I only hope the punishment isn’t going to be too harsh," said Harry, worried.

"Are you really worried for Malfoy, Harry?! How many butterbeers did you have tonight?" yelled Ron.

" I... " Harry realized what he had just said," I know... it's just that Lucius Malfoy was looking so crazy..."

"Why? Have you seen him looking any better before?" asked Ron, yawning and sinking onto a huge pillow on the floor, "I’m gonna go to bed soon."

"Me too," said Hermione.

When his friends went to bed, Harry decided to go back to the bathroom down the hallway to see if Draco was still there. When he entered the bathroom, he looked at the empty wall where Draco had been leaning before. He sighed and turned to leave, when he heard a noise.

He walked to the stalls and noticed a corner of Draco's mantel coming out from beneath one of them.

Harry stopped in front of it " Draco...?" he said.

No answer.

Harry decided to open the door slowly.

He saw Draco curled in a corner, his back leaning against the wall and his face hidden between his arms.

"Hey," said Harry entering the stall and kneeling in front of him.

"Go away, please,” said Draco, sobbing.

"Are you ok?" asked Harry sympathetically.

Draco slowly lifted his head and Harry gasped. His nose and mouth were bleeding and one of his eyes was red and glassy. Hell, he wasn't even breathing right.

"I'm sorry..." said Harry, feeling very bad. He could have said something before and prevented this. If he only had known what was going to happen, he would have taken the punishment from Snape. It would be no worse than a dozen cauldrons to wash.

"Don’t worry, Potter,” said Draco, leaning his head against the wall and closed his eyes, "I’m used to this.” He paused, and then added "Isn't it Ironic? While one suffers for not having a father, one suffers for having one... Don't we have something in common after all..."

Harry moved fast as Draco then fainted and fell onto his side. He caught the other boy before his head hit the ground.

"Help!" he screamed, confused.

"What’s going on, Harry?"

Harry gasped at the quick answer and turned around, "Moaning Myrtle! I'm so glad you’re here!" he said, relieved.

"Harry, you make me blush! Oh.. Is that Malfoy?" Myrtle asked.

"Please, Myrtle, hurry and call Professor Snape. Please!"

"Okay," said the ghost, and vanished

Harry lent Draco's head on his lap and checked his wrist, though he didn’t really know what he was doing. He felt a slow and feeble beat and he sighed.

A few minutes later, he heard Snape enter the bathroom.

"I'm here!" called Harry

"What happened?" Snape asked, looking down at Draco’s limp body.

"I found him here," said Harry and they looked at each other with the same thought.

Snape lifted Draco’s defenseless body and took him to the hospital wing, Harry following.

After Draco was safely in the hospital wing, Harry went to bed but couldn't sleep. He lay on his bed the whole night without closing his eyes, waiting for the morning to come so that he’d be able to check on Draco.

...to be continued

*002*2012-02-11 23:23

Creative Editor : Ishigreensa

Chapter 2

Never thought you’d make me perspire

Never thought I’d do you the same

Never thought I’d fill with desire

Never thought I’d feel so ashamed

Me and the dragon

Can chase all the pain away

(Placebo- My Sweet Prince)

MY SWEET PRINCE

When the cold light of the dawn hit the windows of his room, Harry was already getting dressed.

Ron was still sleeping when he left the dorms, and the whole school was silent and deserted.

He peeped through the glass door of the Hospital wing and saw Draco lying on a bed alone in a bright room. He pushed the door open and approached Draco's bed.

He was sleeping. His pale face had been cleaned up form the blood, and his wounds had been cured. His breathing was calm and regular.

The cold light from the dawn entered through the windows of the room as Harry finished dressing into his trousers and pulled his school robes over himself. Around him, Dean, Neville, and Ron were still quite asleep as he slipped silently out the door.

The entirety of the school was so quiet that Harry had to remind himself that it was indeed morning and he had no need of his invisibility cloak for fear of Professor Snape catching him. He approached the infirmary main door, and as he looked through the transparent glass a sigh of relief came over him.

Draco was sleeping, his pale face cleaned of any blood, his wounds unnoticeable, and his breathing so calm and regular, this was all a huge weight that had lifted from the nearly staggering boy who had slept about as much one could with nightmares ravaging his dreams.

He pushed the door open after seeing that Draco seemed to be alone in the brightly lit room through the glass, and he walked closer to the bed for a better look. Yes, he could breathe easy. Draco was all right.

Harry had last seen him, every muscle in his body now relaxed, content upon letting Draco sleep, he would have turned around, but his attention was captured by the unmissed movement that brought Draco’s open hand closer to his crotch in a most adorable way.

Harry blushed for noticing it and thinking that was adorable!

Draco moaned, and his hand balled into a fist and grabbed the front of the blankets. He squirmed and Harry’s heart gave a heavy heave pulling him towards the boy.

Reaching out tentatively, Harry touched his shoulder once his feet had automatically taken him upon the blond. He shook Draco’s shoulder, gently at first for fear of some unhealed hidden brush, and he called to him in a whisper.

“Draco? Draco…” but as that had little effect, he finally called “Malfoy” in a bit sharper tongue than he had intended startling the boy awake with a jerk as he opened his eyes.

"How are you?" asked Harry furrowed his brow and waited for an answer.

Draco sat up on the bed and rubbed his forehead" I'm...fine I guess, except for some broken bones" he slightly squirmed again.

Harry swayed on the spot, having had little sleep for the worry he had felt all through that evening and into the night. This was not missed by Draco, who could see the red in Harry’s eyes and the slight quietness of the other’s body.

“I’m really sorry for last night,” Harry’s voice was low and sincere “I mean it. I’ve been feeling so bad since I saw….”

“I’m sorry you had to see that,” said Draco now starting to become a little like himself.

" You brought me here?" The blond had disbelief in his cracking voice.

"Technically, that was Professor Snape. I've found you, don't you remember?"

Draco looked away "I remember something..." then let out a whimper and shoved both his hands between his legs under the blanket.

"You okay?" asked Harry.

"You won't believe this," Draco was nervously studying Harry’s eyes. "I have to pee like a frigging centaur! I woke up earlier but nobody was here and I can't really stand up, my knee is injured... so I figured I had to hold and I fell asleep.."

Harry blushed and felt his face warmin up. He looked around for someone to call but nobody was there. "What's wrong with this hospital wing?" He looked back at Draco. His worried expression was showing how bad his need was. "Come on, I'll help you to the bathroom," he said gently.

"Thank you" Draco blushed bending forward "I really can't wait."

Harry got closer. Draco put an arm around his shoulders while Harry held his waist

"ow-ow.."Draco whined quite convincingly as Harry closed his arm against his rib. There were tears in his eyes, and Harry carefully shifted his grip to try to compensate. While trying to manage the boy’s nearly limp body, at least on that side, Harry didn’t see a cord, or a bar, or something, and he tripped dragging the helpless Draco down with him.

"wo-oh!"

"ouch!" screamed the two boys as they touched the floor.

Harry, flat on his back, suddenly felt his stomach getting warm and wet.

He turned to Draco, who had fallen on top of him sideways. His body was tensing, his forehead lean on his arm on the floor, right next to Harry's head.

"I'm sorry Potter..." Draco’s eyes were narrowed, and his voice strained a bit as though he was either trying to hold in a wince or a small chuckle. “I think, I peed on you” he was breathing heavy with the struggle before a bit of a bark-like laugh escaped his lips.

Harry realized what the warmth was, and he bit his lips when he realized Draco was actually laughing and crying at the same time.

Harry couldn't help but laughing himself. "Sorry I tripped...that was my fault" he said to a shaking Draco.

" Stop it..." moaned Draco, still on top of him, in pain while Harry's laughing body was causing his bladder to bounce up and down " I have to pee!" he tried to lift himself on his arms and regain control but he couldn't stop laughing as well.

They wiped their eyes, watching at each other still smiling " yeah...let's go" said Harry

He managed to stand up and helped Draco up.

Harry noticed how light and skinny he was while supporting him through the hallway. Draco's arm around his shoulders felt like an enjoyable contact rather than a weight to bear.

As they arrived in front of the stall, Draco was clenching his already wet crotch. "Thanks, I'll go in alone," he said leaving Harry's shoulder and hanging to the stall's wall.

" Are you sure?" asked Harry noticing that he was having a lot of troubles standing and walking.

"I'll be fi...." Draco collapsed. Harry held him up before he could fall to the ground.

"Uh..." whimpered Draco "fuck!" he gasped as he realized his bladder had just given in and pee was gushing out inside his underwear"

Harry heard a hissing sound, and immediately knew what was going on.

He lifted Draco up, putting his arm back around his shoulders and opening the stall with a soft kick, and he stirred the kid in front of the toilet.

Draco managed to free himself and finally pee in the bowl.

Harry's heart was beating fast, as he saw the clear and forceful stream, hitting the ground first, and then adjusting into the bowl.

He was afraid of his feelings. Draco's body so close to him shaking and sighing in relief was making him shudder.

"Oh...God!" said Draco leaning a hand on the tile in front of him and turning his head down "I'm really sorry..."

"That's ok" said Harry smiling.” I hope you feel better now."

Draco smiled, and didn't move. Harry couldn't see his eyes, which were covered from the blond forelocks, but his face was wet in tears.

"I do." He said softly, then he raised his head up and glanced embarrassingly at Harry's wet shirt.

Harry waved his wand cleaning up both of them and the floor.

When they got back, Draco sat in his bed, aching all over. Harry noticed that his right ankle was wrapped in gauze, under his pajamas. He couldn't stop thinking on how brutally his father had beaten him.

"Harry," said Draco looking down. "Thank you for coming back to look for me last night.

I think you saved my life. None of my friends, or even my family has ever done all this for me, before."

Harry was surprised. Draco calling him by his first name and saying those words! The Ice prince was truly melting in front of his eyes.

"I didn't mind doing that" said Harry, "I'm sure your friends like you, I can tell. If they had the chance they would do that too." he wasn't really sure of that.

"It's not them," said Draco gravely. "It's me, my attitude...I never confide in anyone, and I am always mean to them..."

Draco sighed. "Last night, before we met in front of the bathroom, I was planning a mean trick on you and your friends. I just wanted you to know that."

Harry smirked. "Well...fuck you, then!"

Draco smiled. "You're going to be late for class, Potter," he said as he was lying in bed. "See you."

"Get well soon," said Harry leaving the room. He stretched his lips in a large smile as he turned around, and so did Draco.

...to be continued

%http://grooveshark.c...ce/4fsAUD?src=5

Listen to the song 'My sweet prince'

*003*2012-02-12 17:48

Episode three

DON'T PLAY WITH ME 'CAUSE YOU PLAY WITH FIRE

As soon as Harry left the Infirmary, Draco's mind drifted to the night before and his smile soon disappeared.

He shuddered as he recalled the first strong slap he got from his father and the way he literally flew to the ground.

He closed his eyes and tried to forget the rest of it, his fists clenched on the blanket.

His heart was beating so fast, that he could feel it in his head, when Professor Snape and Dumbledore, entered the infirmary and walked to his bed.

Draco wiped his eyes quickly. "Good morning son” said Dumbledore looking over the boy.

"Good morning" said Draco and sat up on his bed.

"How are you feeling today?" asked the Professor Snape, trying to hide his concern.

"I'm good,” said Draco flatly. Snape and Dumbledore glanced at each other

"You have been beaten almost to death last night. I have to mention that Potter saved your life,” said Dumbledore.

Draco hunched his shoulders "I see"

"Draco" continued Dumbledore, moving closer "We already suspect who to blame for this but, we need you to confirm it"

Draco looked down, he recalled the slap again "It's my father" said faintly, and his eyes filled up in tears.

Dumbledore turned at Snape sighing, "As we thought..."

He put a hand on Draco's shoulder and said gently "Don't worry Draco your father will never know that you said that to us"

"I owe you an apology for not avoiding this" Said Snape to the kid " I didn't Imagine such a thing"

"Thank you" said Draco fighting the tears.

"Madam Pomfrey said you'll be able to go back to school in a few days. Let me Know if you need anything" Said Dumbledore and the two men left the infirmary.

Draco laid back in his bed, tears running down his face without control. He knew his father was very powerful and no one could do anything to protect him from him.

###

Harry was in class but he wasn't really there. "Harry!" Hushed Hermione "what are you staring at?" and she glanced out of the window to see what Harry's eyes were pointing at.

"Nothing..." said Harry confused

Nobody would accept that him and Draco could be friends, thought Harry.

He was sure that Ron and Hermione would understand how he was feeling, if he'd tell them the whole story, but he was too ashamed to do that. He pretended he didn't even see Draco after he talked to them at the party last night.

All they had known from Harry the night before was that Draco had accidentally wet himself and his father was mad at him. Although they agreed on keeping the secret, because of Draco being nice to Harry, avoiding him an undeserved detention.

"Have you heard of Malfoy?" said Hermione low voice

"N..no.. What about him?" lied Harry

"He's at the Infirmary" said Hermione raising her eyebrows "do you think his father had beaten him so badly?"

"That’s possible...he was very mad at him last night. I told you" replied Harry. He sighed and tried to concentrate on the lesson.

###

Days went by, and nobody, except Harry, Draco, and the two teachers knew the truth of what happened. Only that, Harry and Draco knew something more about it.

Harry never returned to the Infirmary and behaved as usual, because he thought that, was what Draco wanted, when he last said goodbye to him that day, because that was keeping the usual balance between Hogwarts' houses, and because that was what Ron and Hermione would expect form him.

He didn't speak nor asked about Draco to anyone, for at least four days.

Although when he was passing by some Slytherin, he was carefully listening at every murmur, until one day, he picked up that Draco was out of the Infirmary.

The morning after Harry saw Draco at the Slytherin table at breakfast. They exchanged a quick look and nothing else.

Later in the day, Harry, who hadn't had one class with him yet, saw Draco through the bathroom mirror running behind him towards the stalls, holding his crotch and cursing.

Harry heard the stall's door slamming and the stream of pee hitting the water. He opened the sink and kept washing his hands.

Draco came out of the stall and joined Harry at the sink "woo...just in time!" he sighed washing his hands.

Harry noticed his expression was concerned.

"Everything all right?" asked Harry

"Yeah..." he said quickly "well actually not..."

"What’s up?" asked Harry curious

"What do you want to know Potter?" said Draco cold.

Harry was caught short on that, why was he being that bitchy now?

Draco glanced at the Door to be sure none was coming in and finally looked at Harry, unusually checking him out, from his head to his feet, very quickly, before lowering his voice

"Have you told to anyone?", asked. His gray eyes where thin and his look suspicious.

"No." said Harry firmly looking into them

"Keep your Gryffindor friends apart from my personal issues. Understood?" Draco was as cold as the ice, which was his habitual temperature, but also so different from five days earlier, like nothing had happened between them.

Harry tried to hide his disappointing. Something was wrong but he couldn't tell what.

"I gave you my word I wouldn't. And I haven’t told anyone!" replayed Harry angrily

Draco' s lips curved up slightly on one side "don’t play with me Potter" he said looking directly into the green eyes.

And he left the bathroom.

Harry stood there, leaning over the sink, trying to figure out why he was so happy to see Draco again, and how stupid was he feeling now, for thinking that he could have changed somehow, and never be the rival he had been before.

He wondered if Hermione of Ron had leaked some information about him, and left the bathroom buried in his thoughts.

...to be continued

*004*2012-02-14 01:35

Episode four

LOVE POTION N°9

Harry and Draco were looking at each other from their breakfast tables in the Great Hall.

Draco was sipping his coffee and Harry some juice.

They knew they were going to be attending Potions together in a couple of hours

"Good morning" said Snape entering the class in his usual bad mood.

Harry glanced at Draco one row further on the left. He was sitting there, his head leant on his hand, ankles crossed, slowly swinging his foot under the chair.

"Potion N°9" proclaimed Snape, and started writing on the chalkboard. Or better the chalk did.

"This is a powerful love potion, created in the far Middle Age from European wizards..."

"love potion...Interesting!" smiled Ron

"Uh...looser?" smirked Hermione and laughed softly at the look she got in replay. Harry smiled as well.

"This is one of the most dangerous potion existing in the whole world, that's why I will not teach you how to make it, but only the history of it. The ingredients I will list to you are missing the last and most important one. Only few powerful wizards are allowed to know it"

"I'm sure Dumbledore knows it" said Hermione to Ron who was already looking disappointed for the denial.

"The human being who will ingest the potion will fall in love of the man or woman who is standing in front of his eyes, right after the potion's reaction"

Harry noticed that Draco was looking at professor's Snape with a grave expression.

Snape glanced at him, and kept going.

" The consequences of this induced love, are lethal. The unfortunate will love the other person with his whole energy, forgetting about himself, and every need of his body until he will helplessly starve himself to death. The damages of this potion are not reversible in any case."

All the students were watching at Snape with wide eyes. He almost shook when he glanced at the class not expecting all those intense looks.

All, except Draco, who was now staring down at his table and he looked like he was about to cry.

One hour and 40 minutes later they were writing down notes, while Harry raised his head and noticed that Draco was looking fidgety.

He was clenching the edges of the chair and slightly bending over at the waist, stretching his back. His thighs where pressed together.

Harry was worried, but suddenly realized he had never seen Draco in such an obvious predicament in class before. And never remembered him asking to go to the bathroom once. Although he recalled some times seeing him leaving the room in a hurry at the end of a long class, letting his staff behind, and walking a little stiff with watery eyes.

He didn't know why Draco had been always so composed in holding himself, that he never noticed it. And he didn't know why he never asked to be excused. But now he was looking kind of helpless.

The class was dismissed 20 minute later, and before Harry could raise his head he felt the air moving and realized Draco just dashed out of the room. He turned at his table and saw his staff was left there.

"Ron take my staff please, I have to go to the bathroom" Said Harry, and left the room.

He entered the bathroom and heard a sound of water splashing on the floor and Draco's voice cursing, spotted the stall where the voice was coming from and approached it.

He heard that Draco had managed to end up peeing in the bowl, but half of it was on the floor

"Malfoy?"

"Get lost!" said Draco from inside the stall. Harry noticed the kid cleaning the floor and his clothes with a spell before getting out of the stall, his eyes were red and wet he looked worried.

"What’s wrong with you?" said Harry as he passed by him

Draco stopped and turned over "Do you really wanna know?"

"Yes, I've never seen you like this before in class, I thought you were feeling sick" said Harry

Draco hardly believed how sincere was Harry's voice. He wasn't used to people talking to him like that or being worry for him. But he had so much going on in his head at the moment and he wished to have someone to talk to. But he had no one. What was tormenting him was something he couldn't speak about. He looked angrily at Harry's face and said

"Ever since Halloween I am having issues holding for a long time. I've always done that without problems but now, when I am already into it for a while, and I think I can hold longer, few minutes later I have to dash to the bathroom! I don't know what's going on with me and this is fucking humiliating!" Even though this was bothering him, it was not the real cause of his sorrow.

"Do you think your father had hurt you that much?" asked Harry, concerned.

"What do you care? Did you want another thing to laugh about?" said Draco aggressively.

"That's not funny! I have never laughed about that! I've kept, and will keep, the secret. What made you think I didn't? What happened?"

" Sure..." said Draco skeptically "and you expect me to believe you?"

"Yes!” said Harry sincerely

"I don't, Harry Potter. And I can't. Things don't change like that. Return to your Gryffindors and stay out of my way!" said Draco leaving the bathroom

###

Harry was lying on his bed, still dressed, he kept thinking of Draco's words.

" I can't,” he repeated to himself. "Why? "

He sat up on the bed and checked the magic map just out of curiosity and he realized Draco was not in his room. Harry glanced at the clock, it was midnight already.

He took the map and the invisibility cloak and silently left the dorm, following Draco's steps.

"Lumos" he said and his wand lit up the way, he walked until he was close enough to Draco and then put the light off.

He approached the corner of the hallway and saw Draco raising his wand towards the wall, which opened up, revealing the Room of lost things. The kid entered and Harry followed behind him.

He followed Draco from far and, as he stopped, he hid behind some forniture. Although he was invisible he was too scared of being seen.

"Did you want to see me, sir?" said Draco to someone

"I was waiting for you. I don't like waiting,” said a voice that Harry recognized as Lucius Malfoy.

"I'm sorry sir" said Draco

" I am very disappointed of your latest behavior, not to mention what happened few days ago. You are a member of the Malfoy family and you are my only child. I won't forgive any mistake! I had risen you in the better way, and I expect you to show how well I did"

"Yes sir" said Draco

- This is insane, - thought Harry and noticed Draco was clenching his fist around his wand and shaking a bit.

"What happened today?” said Lucius

"Nothing" replied Draco

"Why do you lie to me?" he screamed

"I'm not ..Ii...aahh!"

Harry heard the clear sound of a slap and Draco fell on the floor. Harry's heart was pounding like crazy. Peeped out of his hiding place and saw Draco getting up from the floor with a hand on his face.

Harry thought about calling Dumbledore but he was afraid that this, was could be even worse for Draco. He hoped his father was going to stop beating him.

"Do you really think I can't see you when you don't see me? I have my ways to check on you. And I swear, If I’ll know you had wet yourself in public again I will..." said Lucius furious

"What?" screamed Draco all of a sudden "You're gonna kill me? Go ahead! Do it! I can't live like this!"

Lucius took his son from the neck of his shirt and pressed him against the wall "Don't you dare answer to me! You are a pure blood dark wizard! You are not supposed to show your weakness, give up you pride or drop your guard, in no case! "

"You know I am not a pure blood!" said Draco having troubles breathing.

- What?! - Wondered Harry and he shuddered at the sound of another strong slap.

Harry rose from his hideout and looked at Draco. His mouth was bleeding and his eyes wet.

"How dare you to say that? Are you insulting your mother?"

"That's not my mother! You killed my mother!! You gave her the potion didn't you? I know you did! Why did she starved herself to death?!!" He screamed, but he got shut by another slap

"We will never argue about this again. I will check on you more often now, you have lost my trust. Be sure I won't find you again like I did. And don't let me see you talking to Harry Potter again. Is this clear? Now go and be the dark wizard you were born to be!"

He left his shirt and Draco fell on the floor.

Lucius Disappeared in a zap.

Harry observed Draco who was shaking, hands and knees on the floor, his head down. He struggled up breathing deeply and angrily; he violently kicked the door of an old cupboard and screamed crying.

Then he walked back with long steps, his face tear-stricked and bleeding, his eyes as icy as ever, and left the room.

Harry couldn’t sleep at all, that night. Now, he new the reason why Draco was behaving like that.

He couldn't trust Harry because he wasn't allowed to. He was so good in holding himself without asking to go to the bathroom because of his father requests! and... He was not a pure blood wizard as everybody thought. Apparently His real mother was a half-blood or better a muggle born! And what about that potion? Did he just realize what happened when today Snape told us about it...? Harry was shocked and felt so bad for Draco that he almost desired to help him out.

The day after, he didn't see Draco at breakfast, but while heading towards DADA class he spotted him in the hallway with Snape.

"What happened to your face Malfoy? " Asked the professor

" I fell from my broomstick" he lied

Snape sighed "I thought you were a good liar. Talk to me if you need anything ok?"

"I don't need anything" said Draco cold and walked away running into Harry in front of the door. He didn't even look at him and entered the class.

Hermione and Ron were wondering what as making Harry so silent and worried. they couldn't help noticing he was often glancing at Malfoy.

"What’s wrong with you Harry?" asked Ron

"Nothing..." he lied

....to be continued

*006*2012-02-14 10:50

{{:

Holy Magical Muffins you are brilliant! :D Loved the not pureblooded twist, I've actually never seen that before! Please keep it up, you rock!

}}

OMG thank you!!

I will !

I am enjoying so much writing this story! I appreciate your feedback!

*007*2012-02-14 11:48

Don't play with me 'cause you play with fire

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJGo0RcY_k&feature=autoplay&list=PLA3A75DE521EC5995&lf=plpp_video&playnext=1

*008*2012-02-14 21:30

Some other music I listen to while I write :) NEXT EPISODE IN PROGRESS!!

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9-rbklQm3s
