Kar Island

Author: Ranpalan

*000*2014-07-11 21:25

{{:

Sorry! I was going to wait for the wave of interactive stories to die down, but now that I've gotten an idea for one, I can't get it out of my head. Maybe putting it here will free up my mind a little again.

The idea is the same as with the others: you have a character, you can vote for her to do things, and the plot will slowly progress. There is a goal to this game, which will become clear in one of the coming posts. There will certainly be opportunities for omo, but you'll have to find them yourselves, and there'll (hopefully) be a good deal more to the story than just that. There probably won't be any messing or diapers.

All the characters have stats, but you're not allowed to see them. After all, your character can't, so why should you?

The voting is going to be a little different than usual. Rather than taking the choice with the most votes, I'll compile a list of options and choose one at random. The most-voted option will still be the most likely, but this means your vote is significant even if others have already voted for something else.

This is a fanfiction of a certain book. The first one to PM me the name of the book will have a wish (related to this story) granted.

Enjoy the game!

}}

...

The door to the testing facility is a pastel green. Of course, "testing facility" is altogether too big a word to describe your destination. You need to earn a few test-person hours, and you this thing doesn't seem like too bad a place. Their poster is on the door:

Food Tasting

1 test-person hour

Hohenheim Building 167

1 April - 1 May, weekdays 9:00-17:00

Not suitable for those with an allergy for apples

Some group of students is probably doing a final-year project about something related to apples, and got this room as an office. Eager to do a good job, they spend their whole week in here, and they've got no other place to invite test subjects to. That's all there is to the "testing facility", despite what your emotions tell you. You should know better than to trust them.

You knock, hear a muffled response, and slowly walk in. Two desktops stand by the right wall, both showing their screensaver, and a guy of around twenty sits at a table to the left, working on his laptop. He looks confused for a moment, but then breaks out in a smile.

"Testing? Student?" he asks joyfully, as if you're the first person to come by. It's only the third of April, so you very well might be. You nod.

"I'll need your student number, and then we can start," he explains, while getting a jar from a box on the table. "It'll be a bit of tasting and then some questions."

You nod again and take the jar. There aren't all that many jars in that box, you note. You also note the guy is looking at you expectedly. He's still waiting for your student number, you realise, and blurt out, "425263GT."

This time he nods. You open the jar and find it full of apple mousse. Isn't he going to note down your number? He passes you a spoon. Perhaps the conversation is recorded, so there's no need. You scoop up a spoonful. Come to think of it, he didn't make you sign any legal waivers. You carefully put the spoon in your mouth, trying to focus on the taste. Why did he need your student number rather than an age and gender, anyway?

You swallow. The lights in the room feel like they became brighter, and there's a slight tugging upwards and backwards, as if you're lying on your back in the sea, staring at the sun. The waves rise and fall, but mostly they rise, and the next time they fall, you feel like you're falling too. The darkness catches you.

...

Your eyes jolt open as soon as your body hits the sand. You're at the top of a sand dune, conveniently placed between two long, narrow bridges. To the other side is a strange stone structure and, further on, a small forest. You can vaguely see the beginning of another bridge just to the right of the forest, while to the left you can see the sun. It's hard to say, but you'd wager a guess that it's setting.

Still lying down, you turn over to your other side, and find yourself face-to-face with a group of ragged youth who look roughly your age. You count six, three of each gender, all wearing simple shirts and trousers, and each with an improvised rope belt.

"Heya," said one of the girls. She was a little shorter than the rest and had short black hair. "Welcome to Kar Island, I'm Diana. You're on our team now. What's your name?"

As you try to formulate your answer you realise that each of them has, attached to his or her belt, a wooden sword.

{{:

The next few posts are going to introduce the setting, and introduce your character to the world. Feel free to provide details you'd like me to include -- name, age, appearance, nationality, hobbies, etc., and I'll try to fit them in.

}}

