The Curse of the Clanswomen

Author: hwcm

*018*2013-10-03 02:29

Sorry for the long break! Here is the continuation.

CHAPTER 4 (Part One):

Alaina dreamt that night of Ulina, the fierce flame haired amazon. Ulina stood tall at the crest of a rocky outcropping, watching over the action on a bloody battlefield. She wore a plated vest and covered both shoulders with exquisitely crafted, horned shells. Her legs were encased in hide pants that were stretched taught around her thighs and hindquarters, drawing the large muscles into sharp relief. With her mighty complement of ancient arms strapped across her body, she leaped off the rocks and skidded downhill.

Then her strong, powerful legs pumped like horses to carry her into the thick of battle. She held aloft her trusty spear in her right hand and drew the shining scimitar K'thava with her left hand, then set to slaying any enemy soldiers she encountered. The legendary scout moved like a blur: her spear pierced through a man's heavy plate like paper, and a second later she was slicing the head off of an unsuspecting combatant with her scimitar. Massive knights swung their greatswords at her, but hit only her shadow as she skillfully pranced and ducked around their pokes and swings until she could land single, lethal strikes on her prey. Alaina drifted alongside her, viewing the action like a stageplay.

Ulina slew all in her path, until she encountered an unexpected adversary. A tiny person with a bright red cloak drawn across his back, had his back turned toward her. She carefully stepped toward the mysterious figure. Run! Alaina shouted, but her voice did not carry. Flee from him! Keep away! But Ulina continued trotting forward. As she closed, she placed her hand on his shoulder.

The figure turned suddenly to face her: it was the face of Lazarus, twisted into a demonic visage. His pupilless eyes glowed red and his smile was contorted into a huge, gruesome grin of spiked teeth. Ulina's expression turned to that of growing horror as she locked eyes with the beast, its stare piercing her very soul and filling her mind with dread. She stumbled backwards, clutching at her temples and trying to shake the demonic visions from her mind. But the boy's cape seemed to come alive, hovering and splintering into a dozen shifting, stretching limbs, all striking out simultaneously toward the distressed woman.

Ulina screamed as the blood red limbs overtook her, grabbing at her limbs and swirling in a threatening ring around her. She could not even raise her arms to fight, she was struck with such awe. Lazarus's demonic mask grew enormous and blotted out the horizon. The warrior's mouth dropped open in utter terror: her arms and legs trembled violently. Alaina wanted to turn away, to force her eyes open and wake up from this nightmare, but she was trapped. As Ulina gazed into the fiery eyes of the demon Lazarus, a dark, gleaming discoloration began to manifest at the join between her quaking legs.

Her hands shook so badly that she could not hold onto her weapons, and they slipped to the ground. Her bottom lip trembled and her eyes filled with tears. The wet patch spread and began to travel downward, leaving long, wide trails of wetness on her tight oxhide pants. The crease of fabric between her tight buttocks began to flatten out, then expand, as an expulsion slowly escaped from her fearful body and into her trousers. Lazarus's mouth opened wide and revealed a fiery depth at its throat. The head reached out to devour Ulina as she stood rooted to the ground, wide-eyed, and continuously soiling herself.

Then Alaina's eyes shot open. She was panting heavily and short of breath, and her hair felt thick with sweat. Another nightmare, she thought, as her nerves gradually returned to normal. She gazed at the ceiling, remnants of the terrifying dream still swirling about her head. And then she became aware once again of her bearings and reached down to feel between her legs.

She sat up to shift the blankets aside, and the memory of last night's events struck her like a tide as she looked down at her pathetic garment. “Oh...” she gasped quietly, reeling again from the mere sight of herself. The previous morning, she felt it could not have gotten any worse than wetting her bed in the dead of night like a nervous new recruit. But now she sat in the same bed, her crotch and butt wrapped in a thick, used diaper. She shifted and felt the warm wetness gripping stubbornly to her groin. A bright yellow splotch covered the front of her diaper, declaring to all the world her feeble incontinence. At least in the daytime, she could still mount some resistance to the pressures of her ever weakening bladder; but now her body was choosing to betray her in the land of dreams, and there was not a thing she could do about it.

And there sat the boy at the table, munching on bread and meat once again, leaning back against a chair to take in every second of Alaina's awakening, from her frightened emergence into wakefulness, to her dread filled, expectant examination of her diaper, then lastly to her glimpse of her own diapered crotch and anguished recollection of the predicament that she was now in. He smacked his lips.

“My, you still can't believe it can you?” he commented smugly. “Well worry not, my little bedwetting pet. You will spend time enough in a diaper to get plenty used to the feeling of your own liquid shame.”

She flushed and shot him a dark glare. “Perhaps you ought to spend time honing your wit; your barbs begin to dull.” Lazarus remained serene, but his smile tightened imperceptibly and his eyes narrowed.

“Guards,” he said evenly. “Ready her up. And be... thorough.” Stoneface rose up from his seat and Bird entered to drag her outside for her daily routine. As they pulled her to her feet, she suddenly noticed another figure at the far corner of the hut. It was a young, raven haired woman, she saw, wearing a conservative grey servant dress. Alaina caught a brief glimpse of the woman's eyes and knew immediately that she was not a wholly willing maidservant to the king, for she knew those eyes from elsewhere. They were the empty eyes of an enslaved wretch, made to bend to the will of another for so long that any independence she might have had had been thoroughly squelched from her bones.

Outside, the guards took Alaina through her routine. Though this time, she noted, they were indeed more thorough: Stoneface scrubbed his rag deep into her rump, while Bird much more roughly buffed against her groin and breasts, prompting involuntary grunts from the hapless scout. Again, though, they allowed her to dress in her customary warrior garb. She still could not comprehend why: armor and battle garb were difficult and expensive to maintain, so why not simply attire her in slave gowns or other disposable wrappings? Still, she pulled the fresh, tight brown fighting briefs up and buckled her skirt on, and she drank the water and ate the scraps that the guards tossed to her.

Lazarus stepped outside in a red and purple ensemble with a shining orange scarf wrapped about his neck. If I could simply grab a hold of the end and strangle him, thought Alaina grimly. But she might not be able to suffocate him quickly enough, or even have the time to leverage herself and snap his neck. Bird, she noticed from the night before, was long limbed and quick as a rat, ready to beat her down at a single stray move.

“Goodness, what a delicious breakfast,” said Lazarus. “I was beginning to think I'd call it quits on this village, if I had to keep eating that drivel from yesterday. Alright, dog, same as yesterday.” The guards tossed wooden swords to Alaina and Lazarus again. Alaina's eyes narrowed as she felt herself alarmed. What was the boy's trick this time? She checked the water carefully and knew no substance to be in it. No substance she was aware of, anyway. Even after so many humiliations, there was no way the king would submit himself to such risk.

“Another trap!” hissed Alaina through her teeth. “What have you in store for me this time, scoundrel?”

Lazarus giggled his boyish giggle as he casually spun his sword by the hilt. “You're catching on, I hadn't thought you so clever! But what could have trapped you this time?”

Alaina raised her sword to assume a fighting stance, and Lazarus did the same while the guards circled the two combatants as yesterday. She tensed and untensed every muscle; she felt at full strength. What was going on? What had the boy planned?

This time, she decided to take the offensive. She stepped out with a quick poke, a move that had instantly slain her enemies countless times, but the boy sidestepped and continued to dart around lightly. Was he truly this fleet of foot? A mere child, even tremendously talented, should not have been able to evade that strike. But she kept her nerve and kept on the move, still on lookout for any suspicious activity from the boy or his guards. Stoneface and Bird tried, as before, to trip her with poles, but she could move more quickly than before and danced around their weapons.

Lazarus was less aggressive than before, less casually indifferent. He dropped his endless taunting and kept his focus squarely on the battle, his brow furrowed with concentration. Alaina struck out multiple times, sweeping her sword out, swinging it overhead for powerful blows, and stabbing deftly, while the boy had to back off and around and deflect her blade when he could. He was growing nervous, she thought. Perhaps he had grown too arrogant and overstepped his bounds. She even risked a verbal jab at him.

“Where goeth your swordhand, boy?” she shot at him, beginning to feel bloodlust. “You lack the confidence you showed yesterday? Has it fled you?” He did not respond, merely continuing to rove about the little clearing away from her blows.

The dance continued like this, Alaina trying to poke while Lazarus dodged and retreated, until Alaina spied an opening in one fraction of a second. Lazarus's arm brought his sword up, and Alaina could work her momentum to deliver a powerful overhand blow to him. She would land her blade against his, for sure, but the sheer strength of the slash would break his arm and send him flying backward. Then she could pounce upon him and end his wicked life once and for all. Even in the split second, she envisioned herself spearing him through the head with her splintered wooden sword. Her arm came down with all her might, smashing blade against blade.

And her sword stopped. The boy buckled somewhat under the weight of the sword, but he held; and his face morphed from wide eyed surprise to a thin, malevolent smile.

“What...?” said Alaina, not comprehending what had just happened. Before she could say another word, Lazarus spun from under her sword and slammed the blade into her side, nearly toppling her to the dirt.

“What black magic is this?!” she sputtered, regaining her footing. “What trick have you pulled? What is your secret?!” Lazaru's smile broke into a full grin as he suddenly began to press his attack.

“I bet you thought you had me, little girl,” he said cuttingly, beginning to send stabs and slashes her way. She was still recovering from the shock. She had pressed him and chased after him for the entire fight, only now to be put back on the defensive. And she was at her full strength! Was the boy charged with some demonic strength like in her nightmare? Or could the silent slave have been a dark mage, as only she heard stories of but never encountered? Her bladder sent a familiar shiver through her body, and her own concentration began to falter. She was tripped up on a pole, opening to her cuts and jabs by the boy. He seemed to move laterally and cut at her as quick as any amazon, jabbing hard at her breasts and stomach. It was all rolling downhill, the slow, steady road to defeat would be like yesterday's. Her panic increased rapidly, and her face could not hide it.

“Are you scared, little warrior?” he taunted, seeing her frightened face. “Do you have to go to the bathroom again? Are you going to make a pee-pee in your pants?” She hated him for it as she felt herself drip into the crotch of her pants. He struck at her again and again, now swiping aside her sword to slash at her legs. She sent another overhead swing at him, but he simply spun again close to her, shooting his hand forward to fondle her between her legs and humiliate her even more. She pushed him away, her face burning.

“You...how...” gasped Alaina. That was all she could manage to say in her surprise, and suddenly the boy was on her again.

He poked his blade hard at her bladder, sending reverberations through her body and almost causing her to lose control right there. She clutched herself and tried to regain her composure, but Lazarus swung his sword so hard as to knock her own weapon out of her hand. There she stood, trembling and slouched over in pain, not knowing what to do. Surrender in battle was unknown territory to her. Images of Ulina from her nightmare flashed through her head, and her sphincter was wobbling like crazy.

“Ha ha!” laughed the boy king, basking in the sight of this weak, weaponless woman. He stepped toward her and drew the tip of his blade up her body, then gently pressed its point into her neck. “So then. Do you yield?” Alaina couldn't keep her limbs from shaking. The boy was faster and stronger than she could have ever known. His strength was far greater than her own, now. Never had she met an enemy before him she felt so powerless. Her eyes were wide with fear.

“Do it,” he said quietly, cruelly. “Shame yourself, dog. Spare yourself further beating.”

And then a dribbling, hissing rush began to sound from her legs. Drops of fluid moistened the dust beneath her and streams of liquid began to flow down from her thighs. Lazarus dropped his sword and used its point to lift her skirt up, revealing the dark brown patch of wetness spreading across her briefs, and Alaina started to cry.

“Hush, hush, dear,” whispered Lazarus quietly with mocking gentleness. He tucked his sword his arm and stepped close to her, softly placing his hand on her cheek and wiping away her tears. He then lifted her skirt and drew his fingers lightly around her wet crotch. Alaina struggled to control her sobs as the last of her urine seeped out. “Shh, it will be all right, my dear,” he whispered, pretending sympathy. His hands caressed and probed her body as he done the first time she provoked him, when he had his guards hold her aloft while he . But this time she wet herself all on her own, and as he greedily demeaned her with his fingers she could not bring herself, out of fear and resignation, to stop him. She felt like an agitated young child weeping from a scrape, and the boy king played the grown-up who attentively inspected her wound. Even stooped as she was, the boy's head barely crested the bottom of her breasts; yet it was he who acted the adult and she the untrained toddler.

He gently turned her around, and she wordlessly acquiesced. As he scrutinized her sodden wet bottom, she tried as best she could to think hard about what the boy could have done, though it was difficult through the boy's groping and her teary sniffles and hiccups. She ran through every possibility. What else could he have used to contaminate her water or bread, and what would it have tasted like? She recognized no flavors, scents or textures in those: as a scout, she was trained to accustom herself to all the land's senses and to know many possible methods of poisoning, and there was none she knew of that was perfectly concealed.

Could he have obtained a rare spice from some far off land, that rendered her not only weakened, but also totally unaware of her own frailty. This seemed unlikely. The only other answer was magic: but the few times she had seen magic, it involved the lengthy incantations and gestures of ostentatiously dressed eccentrics. Was he or his guards or his mysterious new maidservant capable of silent curses upon her?

“You poor little baby,” the boy continued, “you've made an awful mess of yourself, haven't you? Do you think you belong in these grown up clothes? Do you still believe you're a big strong warrior, who can traipse around in these tight little shorts?” He swatted her on the butt. “No, child, no. A diaper is what you need, a diaper is what you really belong in, girl.” He motioned to Stoneface, who approached and grabbed the sopping woman by the arm. “Have Parveen dress the little baby in a fresh diaper, and be quick about it. I intend to make my rounds before noontime.”

They quickly removed her briefs and lower smallclothes, leaving her mostly attired in her armor, then dragged her inside to lay her on the bed. The raven haired woman – Parveen, he called her – seemed to know what to do. She dutifully walked over to the bed and stood over Alaina's prone body with a thick white package in her hands. She produced a small glass jar filled with a white powder and opened it, grasping a small amount in her fingers. Then she bent down to rub the powder around Alaina's groin, eliciting a soft groan. Her hands were surprisingly warm, and as she massaged them around Alaina's vulva, the warrior was chagrined to admit that some part of her felt the stirrings of physical pleasure. From her low viewpoint, she could see an opaque whitish form poking out from beneath the hem of Parveen's high skirt. So Lazarus keeps her diapered like an infant as well, she thought sadly.

Parveen finished by wrapping the diaper tight around Alaina's waste and taping it closed. Stoneface and Bird hoisted her to her feet. Alaina's face glowed red. They left her attired in her fighting attire, iron shoulder guard and all, and like Parveen's servant dress, her skirt barely covered whole of her juvenile raiment. She struggled to pull the fringe of her uniform down over the bulk, but her thick white crotch was plain to see as the leather flap dangled only halfway up. Somehow she was even more bothered by wearing a diaper alongside her standard clothing than simply wearing the diaper alone; like she was masquerading as a brave amazon, but in truth was merely a costumed baby girl. The guards then clamped the customary loose iron chains between her ankles.

Outside, Lazarus unclasped what looked like a long, thin whip, at which Alaina's first reaction was fright.

“Come, dog,” he said delightedly. “Time to see your friends.” As they set off down the winding path to the village, Alaina realized that the guards had not even bothered to clasp her arms with chains today. She cursed herself. Of course not, she thought bitterly, what have they to fear from the hands of a mewling diapered babe?

*020*2013-10-20 01:15

Thanks for the comments everybody! i'm sorry for the delay in the latest addition, I've been short of time and am trying to finish editing it, but it should be done soon!

Does this subject matter seem to grim for most people on this forum? It's interesting to know what the general audience thinks of this kind of stuff, in case I write future stories for the site.

*023*2013-11-07 21:05

Well that took me a long time, sorry. But the next part after this should be shortly forthcoming!

CHAPTER 4 (Part Two)

Alaina could not get used to the feel of the thick diaper between her legs. The crinkling bulk of it prevented her from pressing her legs too close together, making the simple act of walking awkward and difficult. That it crinkled at all was enough to make her flush pink, but it was so loud, she expected that her gait could be heard from miles way. She tried in vain to shift her body away from the bulk of the diaper, but Parveen fitted it firmly. There was no escaping the warm, suffocating mass of it. It pushed against her skin oppressively, making her aware at every second of its degrading presence. She had been so accustomed of feeling the warm winds sweep across the land and brush against her skin, and had taken some small pride in her growth from skinny teenage recruit to lithe, muscular fighter, and now the white garment had effectively erased that pride.

She was led down the winding path to the village with her childish diaper in full view, pulled along by her collar clasped tightly around her neck, with the end of the short leash held tightly by wretched Lazarus. Flanking the two of them were the guards whom Alaina christened Stoneface and Bird, as loyal and brief of conversation as ever. The silent Parveen followed silently at the end of their little train.

A sharp tug on Alaina's leash almost caused her to topple over, so limited she was by the bindings around her ankles. “Hurry up, dog!” barked the boy. The four figures continued down the path from the Matriarch's former dwelling to the central square. At first, the walk was uneventful. As she remembered from the countless trips she had taken down this path, smaller huts on the fringe of the barracks emerged from the thick of the forest. But as the group passed this border, Alaina began to hear voices, like howling animals. First a quiet few, than many in cacophony – no animals were these. It was the distressed grunts and cries of women, she realized; women she knew, and their cries were mingled with the cruel boorish laughs of soldiers. Her sphincter tightened.

“Hear that, little girl?” said Lazarus, with a mischievous grin on his face. “Those are all your little friends! And boy, did I have plans for them!” He gave a high pitched giggle and tugged her onward. She did not reply, for her thoughts were consumed entirely with images of cleaving his face off with a sword. But her opportunity for that had long since passed.

Walking in the opposite direction, a pair of soldiers were pulling along a large wooden cart overloaded with what appeared to be assorted leather garments and straps. As they drew closer, however, a foul smell grew pungent and Alaina could see that the faces of the soldiers were twisted with displeasure. “Phew!” cried the little king, scrunching up his nose and wafting his hand in front of it. “You warrior women put the royal outhouses to shame! Perhaps it's all that green vineroot in your diets. Parveen, remind me to cut all crops of that foul weed from next year's demand.”Alaina now understood what lay before her.

The king's detachment had been tormenting the whole of the amazon tribe for days now, likely in a similar manner to her own punishments, and these were the rotten fruits of their suffering. The embroidered jerkins and briefs that once symbolized Ekpanian strength were now heaped in a disgusting pile. The crotches of every set of breeches, briefs, shorts, and underclothes were soaked with the urine of the clanswomen, and much of them appeared to be stained by feces as well. The king must have been sending whole carts of these down to the civilian village for cleaning. What could possibly be running through the minds of the villagers as they were tasked with laundering these massive shipments of shit and urine-soaked battle clothes? The very thought caused Alaina to drop her head in a crimson blush and she tried to banish the thought from her mind.

Further along the path, still not quite to the village square, she saw a group of three clanswomen held in bondage. The women were held in stockades that had been erected in a small clearing along the side of the path, and they were being spanked and strapped by a group of laughing soldiers, who were jostling and arguing with one another over whose turn it was to punish the women. One girl in her late teens, a stocky, brown haired mountrider named Marsine, had already shamed herself from the punishment.

A large dark patch spread neatly across the bottom of her tight shorts and her legs glistened as they shook, and the poor girl whined tearfully. It seemed that she was the one the men were most eager to punish. Marsine, like Alaina's best friend Torine, struggled more than some of the other clanswomen at the art of mental evacuation and resistance to pressure. But she was bright eyed and naturally talented on horseback, and would have made an excellent trooper. Her prominent shapely rear end and relative youth, Alaina suspected, made her a prime target for the vicious soldiers. Alaina averted her eyes from her comrades, but still heard their whimpers as she walked by.

“She's soaked herself already!” cried Lazarus, not shying from pointing out Marsine's miserable condition. “What a farce! Soldiers, make sure she is well and proper spanked for her lack of control!” The girl Marsine no doubt heard his abased comments and sobbed noisily as the soldiers dutifully doubled their efforts in slapping and groping her. Alaina directed her eyes to the ground, burning with hatred for the boy.

Further on ahead, two soldiers held in their hands soft, feathery implements and were using them to tickle another clanswoman, who was tied to an upright wooden cross. Kalena, known throughout the village for her skill in stealth and assassination, was one of the most quiet and terrifying clanswomen that Alaina knew. She almost never smiled, and her dark black bangs cut off just across her eyes, often completely masking them in shadow. She could slip in and out of notice without so much as the sound of air rushing in her wake, and until now, Alaina had never seen the woman express more emotion than fleeting smirks or grim, tight lipped gazes.

Kalena had wet herself as well, and quite thoroughly: nearly the entirety of her tight jodhpurs had been stained, and still the two soldiers tormented her. So wet were they with piss that even the bottom of her shirt began to dampen. Soon, it seemed, she would wet so much that the stain would travel all the way up to her full, half exposed breasts. The assassin's face was contorted into a mixture of laughter and rage as she protested through broken stops and starts.

“N..no...” she screamed through her laughter. “St..ha ha.. stop it you...ha...fiends....” She shook her head wildly as the men lightly traced the implements around the parts of her body most acutely sensitive to touch. They tickled her armpits constantly and used their fingers to explore her soft belly, the crooks of her knees, the soles of her feet and the gaps between her wiggling toes. One soldier stopped to force a jug of translucent yellow fluid into her mouth.

“What...?!” protested Alaina. This was a step too far: even she could not imagine the perverted boy king allowing this affront. “How dare you...”

“Ha ha,” laughed Lazarus, waving her off. “Looks like pee, doesn't it? That's not a bad idea, actually, I might try using that sometime... but no, that's pilar juice. The alchemists fixed it up to keep little girls like you peeing and peeing without draining all your... 'nutrients,' he called them, or something. I don't know.” He waved his hand dismissively. “In any case, I don't like my pets starving before I'm done with them!” Alaina's stomach sank at this news. So now the boy had a drink that could allow him to torture her and the others endlessly. “It's a nice party trick, I think,” Lazarus went on, “but it works all too well. They couldn't keep it from making women piss themselves within fifteen minutes. Sometimes you just need to sit back and let her suffer and hold herself, you know? Let her think she's going to make it.” He yanked on her leash again, and they advanced down the path.

The group arrived at the square, and Alaina's jaw dropped with horror. A festival of torment was occurring, and all around her, her friends and comrades in arms formed a cacophonic parade of misery. Clanswomen, singly and in groups, were spread out all across the training grounds, accompanied by packs of soldiers and being tortured in so many different, disgusting methods; methods that could only have originated in the twisted mind of the mad boy king.

“Cozma's bane...” Alaina whispered, her eyes wide.

She could not turn around without seeing some kind of makeshift torture station. The amazons were bound to whatever implement was available: makeshift stocks, small trees, wooden posts. Several were being hit and caned with supple ironwood branches and other implements. A pair of tearful spearwomen were being made to kiss and fondle each other in front of a group of drooling, hooting soldiers. An archer was forced to run on a stationary rolling tread as she was slapped on the hind like a horse, until she collapsed exhausted and peed and soiled herself.

Nearby, a group of women were held in tall wooden frames and suspended above the ground with rope; they were being fed pilal juice and appeared to be having their bladders massaged until they urinated in their fighting clothes, unable to even close their legs together to hide their debasement. A pigtailed young recruit was being bullied and pushed around by a few soldiers and had vacated her bowels out of fright; the soldiers continued to push and jab at the girl as her waste stained and spilled out from her shorts.

Alaina's eyes filled with tears upon her next sight. On the central dais was the beloved Matriarch Susannah, bent over on her hands and knees atop an elevated platform, and smacked rhythmically on her wide, perfectly rounded golden bottom by a soldier armed with a great wooden paddle. The beautiful, statuesque woman still somehow looked stately in her compromising position, her body shuddering after each blow. Her brow was furrowed, but her face seemed to project calmness in spite of her situation.

“Here she is,” declared Lazarus cruelly. “Your precious Matriarch! Still preening proudly even through her punishment! I've begun to tire slightly of her haughty whining, but still I cannot resist an inspection of one of my most precious cows.” At this, he ascended the platform steps. Alaina made slight sidesteps to try and escape any possible sight by the fallen Matriarch. She was ashamed that she could only stand and bear witness her matron's unenviable position, and could not stand the thought of locking eyes with her now.

The soldiers on punishment duty stepped aside and Lazarus walked beside the kneeling woman, looking as ridiculous as he did on the first day next to Susannah's towering frame. He petted and stroked her skin like a prize destrier, and the Matriarch's expression changed subtly as she realized his presence.

“You...” she panted, “Treacherous villain! You would have brought...shame upon your father....” Though the woman appeared calm, Alaina could see that she was shivering slightly. Pride had been replaced by child-like fear, and Alaina could only ruefully think that her Matriarch was tenuously holding on to control of her sphincter. She chided herself for these humiliating thoughts of her comrades, but so thorough was her torment that her thoughts had been all but consumed by vivid images of her ordeals. Deep down, she could not bear to admit to herself that the Matriarch would not be able to control herself, and that by the end of this brief encounter, the boy king would succeed once again in turning the magisterial woman into a panty wetting infant.

“Pah!” clucked Lazarus, casually examining Susannah's beautiful, buckling body. “You knew nothing of my father, you pathetic wench.” He brushed his hand down along her back and traced a fingertip along the waistband of her leather panties. She trembled still more, rubbing her thighs together nervously. “I dare say he would not be more proud of me, in fact. I was able to accomplish at my age what the old fart could only dream of! I have conquered the legendary clanswomen of Ekpana and held them in thrall! I have beheld the virtuous beauty of their great Matriarch and crushed it! I have chained her spirit, stamped it beneath my foot.”

His finger tracked its way down the crease of Susannah's buttocks toward her clenched and quivering groin. “She is mine now,” he whispered malevolently. “AND SHE WILL DO AS I SAY!” he shouted suddenly, grabbing her hair with his free hand and violently jerking her head backward. The Matriarch emitted a whining cry and her whole body tensed up in that instant; in surprise and fear, she lost what little control she had left and voided her bladder like a babe. Her hot urine gushed out around Lazarus's probing finger and down her thighs, just as it had on the first fateful day.

She sobbed openly, a truly broken woman in thrall to the mad king. Lazarus tutted and wiped his hand on his robes, then made his way back down the dais. It was business as usual for him – he knew his power had already been cemented over these warrior women, this tour was merely a victory march. A few silent tears fell from Alaina's face, as she was reminded again of the shock and helplessness she felt when he first saw this wicked boy shame her Matriarch. This time, though, she was already resigned to her humiliations.

“Come,” he said to his party. “We have a more important matter to attend to.” And they moved to follow him.

*024*2013-11-10 02:59

A quick update as promised!

CHAPTER 5 (part three)

On the grounds normally reserved for hand to hand sparring, several vanguard women were forced to grapple with some soldiers, but with a hand tied behind their back, opening the powerful warriors to a variety of humiliating attacks, slaps, and gropes. The great frontline fighters of the clanswomen towered above their captors and fought back with greater success than their peers, but still eventually succumbed to the focused abuse of many men. Gianna, a lithe platinum blond vanguard and among the most accomplished and respected of them, was currently in the throes of abuse.

She appeared roughed up and was forced in a kneeling position. A soldier's boot was pressing her head against the ground, while three others were holding tightly to ropes that bound the woman's arms. Even in her restrained and beaten state, it took a full four men to suppress Gianna. Unfortunately, despite the difficulty that the soldiers had in subduing her, Gianna's composure faltered quickly as soon as she realized she was defeated. The muscled vanguard was trying mightily to maintain her steely resolve, but the mask of rage on her face was being undermined now by squealing whimpers and quivering lips. From between her widespread legs, a thin, steady stream of yellow fluid emerged and dampened her clothes. She failed, she broke, just like all the others.

Alaina barely even had time to register her disgust at this pathetic showing by the soldiers, as Lazarus urgently tugged her along to the main event.

Ahead of them, a small training circle drew a particularly large crowd of soldiers who were hooting and taunting. Lazarus led the small entourage through the crowd to the side of the ring. Alaina saw the combatants and gasped – it was Leandra, the great Vanguard warrior, disarmed of her battle axe, but still an imposing sight. She still had on her her warrior attire: the trademark single steel pauldron, a midriff baring plated jerkin, and (to Alaina's surprise) unstained briefs, but it appeared as though she had been in battle for days. Her hair was disheveled and bruises and scratches covered her body. Still, though, she looked a fair sight better than everyone else Alaina had seen to this point. It felt so long since she last saw one of her comrades assuming the dignity of a true clanswoman.

“It's the frightfully huge woman,” whispered Lazarus excitedly to Alaina. “Soldiers found her last night hiding out in one of the southwest shacks, in a little trapdoor. When they tripped over her hidey hole, she jumped out and slew three of them in five seconds, they say. It took ten men to bring her down alive. They told me to have her executed on the spot, but for what? Why would I just kill my great prize cow?”

They planned to exhaust her here, thought Alaina. They would humiliate her in her proudest environment – the battleground. But she looked around at the hollering soldiers, and then looked upon Leandra's magnificently muscled, athletic frame. She had forgotten how radiant and impressive Leandra's physique looked in the midst of battle, not to speak of her brilliance in melee. Surely none of these whelps could ever take the great woman down, thought Alaina. But they had already subjugated the rest of the tribe with ease, and Leandra, powerful though she may be, was still an Ekpanian like all the others.

Leandra was circling a soldier in the ring, her hands held up and ready to strike – she was not only dangerous with her axe, but her martial hand to hand skills were superior as well. The man threw a quick hook forward and stepped directly into Leandra's fist, which knocked him out cold.

“Who else?!” screamed Leandra, baring her teeth. Another soldier leaped over the waist high fence surrounding the dirt ring. He too was dispatched in short order. Five more hopped over the fence – Leandra quickly struck one in the chest, stunning him, then swung around to elbow a second into unconsciousness. A fist slammed into her neck from behind, sending her stumbling backward toward the fence, but still on her feet. A hand from one of the hooting soldiers flashed out and slapped her across her tanned bottom. Leandra fiercely turned around to punish the soldier, and the distraction was enough for one of the soldiers still standing in the ring to land a kick to her midsection.

“Hurgh,” groaned Leandra, but she recovered just enough to land a hook on an approaching soldier and send him flying toward the dust. This small victory was cut short by a flurry of punches and slaps that she could only barely defend.

“Hee hee hee!” cackled Lazarus, thoroughly engrossed in the event. “Slap her on the butt again! Beat her to the ground!”

She stumbled again and pushed the attacker away, but another came at her with a heavy blow to her stomach, knocking the wind out of her. Alaina felt a cold chill run through her. She knew then that the fight was over now – Leandra might struggle and fight furiously, even taking out a few more soldiers, but the tide had turned and there was no beating five, ten, dozens of men. But was this the same Leandra that Alaina had witnessed on the battlefield, slaying literally scores of men, huge beasts, and staying entire armies with her supernatural strength?

Realization dawned upon Alaina. She had been asking herself the whole time how their great, glorious tribe could fall so easily and shamefully to normal men. Even a great contingent that the boy king arrived with should not have been a match for the full brunt of the Ekpanian force; the clanswomen had fought off greater enemies in the past. But a curious theory began to form within her mind: perhaps the clanswomen, made so physically strong and adept by the gods and by Cozma Anteia, were not invincible to all manner of weaponry. What if, in place of physical weakness, the warrior women had been bestowed some other curse to balance them? Perhaps it wasn't steel hat could fell them, but shame. The thought caused Alaina to shiver. She felt a small stream of urine escape into her diaper.

“Cowards!” Leandra gasped angrily. “Wretched curs!” She cursed as she continued to stave off her attackers. But as the vanguard grew more desperate, her taunting and curses faded.

After several more minutes of fighting, Leandra looked worn out. Three more men were slumped on the ground, but the expression of twisted rage on the great woman's face began to shift to one of exhaustion and desperation. More soldiers had replaced the fallen ones. One landed a punch to Leandra's groin, another elbowed her in the back, and the third kicked at her heavy legs. Physically, her skin bore few lasting bruises or scars, but mentally she was nearly beaten. She leaned forward in exhaustion, with one hand on her thigh to hold herself up and the other raised in weak resistance.

Alaina could not pull her thoughts away from her new theory. The plight of the clanswomen now suddenly made so much cruel, brutal sense. Spears and stones glanced off the skin of the Ekpanian women and their skin renewed itself before their eyes, but embarrassment turned them into incontinent little girls. And as soon as the first failure of resolve occurred, then the stone only rolled further downhill; one shame would beget another, and another, and the warriors became weaker and weaker. This explained the Prince’s easy defeat of Alaina earlier in the morning, as well as the pathetic sight before her now. Even great amazons could be made the playthings of children after enough indignities. This is the secret the dead former king discovered in his torture of Ulina. But where would it end? What became of Ulina?

Then, it happened: a soldier raised his fist as if to land one final, crushing blow against her, and Leandra's eyes widened. Just then, Alaina knew, the brawny woman had lost her warrior spirit – it had been replaced in whole by a terrified young girl with no strength left to give. A dark brown spot formed and rapidly enlarged between Leandra's great thighs and a stream of hot yellow liquid sputtered out. The legendary Vanguard was humiliatingly, degradingly, urinating herself, her bladder yielding to the crude intimidation. Bright yellow pee coursed down her long, quaking legs and into her boots.

The crowd laughed uproariously, and the king with them. “Yes! Ha ha ha!” He tugged hard on Alaina's leash. “Look! I command you to look! See what I've made her? See the little girl she's become?” He was manic with glee.

Leandra's face flushed bright red and her lower lip quivered. “I...I...” she sputtered, but no words would come out. The warrior woman had never before experienced anything nearly so degrading, so demeaning. A soldier in the ring manuevered behind her and slipped his forearms under the crooks of her arms, pulling her body backward and showcasing her sopping wet pants and more spurts of escaping urine to the hooting audience. The skimpy leather briefs that once vainly showed off her beautiful, muscled legs now only sharpened the shame. The soldier dropped her to the ground, and hot liquid began to fan out from her groin across the dry dusty ground. The expression on Leandra's face was one of utter shock; her eyes were wide and her cheeks were burning red, as though embarrassed yet still unable to fully grasp the situation. “Look at the big, brave warrior! Ha ha ha!” hooted a soldier.

Alaina could barely stand to see the sight of the tribal champion brought low, but she feared retribution from the boy king; she didn't know if she could survive the brutal punishment that would follow resistance at this stage. The thought sent another uncontrollable stream of pee into her sodden diaper.

Leandra, recovering somewhat, had been spent of all urine. But the worst was not over yet. She returned to her feet and made to assume a grappling position once again, but her quickness and awareness had all but deserted her. A soldier immediately grabbed her by the hair and jerked her backwards. Leandra was caught by surprise; her moist eyes clenched and the sound of a wet, loud bowel movement pierced the air. The laughter reached a climax as the crowd realized what had happened: the defeated woman's sphincter loosened as she was yanked up, and let a thick, foul stool into the seat of her pants.

“Oh gods, she's messing herself like a child!” came a jeer.

Alaina looked down with horror and saw the leather briefs distend and darken. The fallen warrior had slipped even further into shameful despair. Her eyes closed tightly, but still could not stem the tears flowing down her cheeks. Lazarus was beside himself with glee.

“She's pooping her pants! She's pooping her pants! Ha ha ha!” Tears were streaming down his face too.

Alaina, now pushed beyond the fear of punishment, averted her eyes and shut all senses out. She could turn away from the dismal scene, she found, but the cold truth of her and her friends' situation stared her straight in the eyes.

