Little Wet Riding Hood

Author: lucywild

*000*2015-08-24 00:09

I've been playing around with omorashi versions of classic fairy tales recently. I've finished Snow Wet and Allie in Wetting Land and am working on Rumplewetskin at the moment. Here's Wet Riding Hood for your enjoyment which follows the Grimm version pretty consistently with a few tweaks of course. This story is the letter R from my 26 story alphabetical omorashi collection. Feedback appreciated as ever.

Wet Riding Hood is taking a basket of goodies to her friend in the forest when she encounters Wolf and the woodcutter whilst desperate to pee...

Wet Riding Hood

Once upon a time there was a beautiful young woman who was loved by all but most of all by her best friend Emma. Emma gave her a cloak and stockings that were bright red as a gift one day and she vowed to never wear anything else again. Unfortunately this young woman had a secret desire, the uncontrollable urge to hold in her pee until she wet herself over and over again. For this reason she became known in her village as Wet Riding Hood.

One day Wet’s mother called her over to the table and sat her down. “Wet, you are twenty now and I believe you can be trusted on a journey alone through the forest to see Emma without needing a chaperone. Take this basket of freshly baked bread and these sex toys to her as she is ill and weak and they may help to cheer her up.”

“Yes mother,” Wet replied, taking the proffered wicker basket.

“Set out before it gets too hot in the sky, walk slowly and quietly and do not leave the path or you may fall and get mud all over the triple speed dildo which would never do and Emma would remain frustrated. Do not piss in your panties again and when you get to her cottage, don’t forget to ask how she is before you jump straight into fucking.”

“I will take care and I will not leave the path, I promise,” Wet said, placing her hand on top of her mother’s to indicate her solemn vow.

Emma lived a number of miles from the village and Wet knew it would take some time to reach her cottage. She had barely entered the forest when a woman in a cloak of wolfskin stepped out onto the path before her.

“Good day to you Wet Riding Hood,” the woman said. “My name is Wolf and before you ask, no I have never been a gladiator.”

“Good day Wolf,” Wet replied. “What is a gladiator?”

“Never mind. Where are you going so early in the morning Wet?”

“To my friend Emma’s house.”

“What is in your basket?”

“A selection of baguettes, rolls, baps, bagels and vibrating love eggs. Emma has been sick so she is to eat plenty of carbohydrates and enjoy a multitude of orgasms to help bring her regain her strength.”

“Where does Emma live?”

About three miles further along this path. Her cottage resides underneath three large oak trees, you must have seen them or perhaps heard the sound of her orgasmic cries of pleasure echoing from her windows?”

Wolf thought to herself, “What a beautiful young woman this Wet is. I would love to devour her pussy with my mouth and taste the sexual juices that form when she is aroused. She will be much better to fuck than the old woman Emma ever would be. I must act craftily and then I may be able to enjoy both women at once.”

So she walked for some time beside Wet Riding Hood before stopping for a moment and leaning down to sniff the wildflowers that grew beside the path, her cloak riding up to reveal she wore nothing under it, Wet staring at her bottom as it appeared, shocked by the pert roundness and flawless skin that begged to be touched.

“See Wet,” Wolf said, standing up once more. “How pretty are these flowers? Why do you focus on your walk and not look around you from time to time? I believe you have yet to notice how gaily the birds sing around us as you walk gravely as if you were heading to a funeral instead of a sex session with your friend.”

Wet Riding Hood looked around her as if for the first time, seeing shafts of sunlight penetrating the foliage above her head, the birds flitting from branch to branch and the flowers growing on every spare inch of ground. “I suppose I could collect some of these flowers whilst I am here to help with my seduction of Emma. I have plenty of time.”

So she ran from the path into the wood to look for the best flowers. Whenever she picked one she noticed another pretty one further on and ran after that, getting deeper and deeper into the wood with each step.

Wet took so long collecting a wonderful bouquet together that she began to need to pee. She looked around her to see if Wolf was still beside her but found herself alone. She pulled at the cord holding her cloak in place and let it fall open to reveal her black panties and red stockings. Her nipples hardened in the cool air of the forest as she spread her legs apart and relaxed her bladder, looking down in time to see a drip of pee soak into her knickers before falling to the mossy ground beneath her.

She pushed with her internal muscles and the drip became a trickle, her panties immediately unable to contain the onslaught. The ground grew wet as the sound of hissing came from between Wet’s legs. She looked down at the pee as it fell from her, enjoying the feeling of wet warmth on her pussy. With one hand she pulled the panties to one side and as the stream of pee continued to emerge, she placed her other hand on her labia, letting the flow run through her fingers.

She slowly began to stroke at her clit, using the wetness on her fingers to tease herself until her body was aching with desire. As the flow of pee came to an end, she slid her palm into the top of her panties until she was able to hook two fingers up inside herself. She fucked her soaking pussy faster and faster, using the heel of her palm to tease her clit until her entire body began to tense up and then a moment later she let out a gasp of pleasure as an orgasm spread through her body.

She closed her eyes as the sensation took over, her pussy contracting round her fingers, her chest heaving from the waves of pleasure that overtook her. When her climax faded, she pulled her hand free and set her panties back into place, retying her cloak and continuing to gather flowers.

Whilst this was taking place, Wolf had run along the path to Emma’s house and was knocking on the door.

“Who is it?” a voice called out from inside.

“Wet Riding Hood,” Wolf replied. “I have brought baguettes and baps, dildos and plastic dicks, all the things you need to return to health. Open the door and let me enter.”

“Lift the latch yourself,” Emma called out. “I am too weak and cannot leave my bed.”

Wolf lifted the latch and the door sprang open. Without saying a word she tiptoed to Emma’s bed, finding her laid in the blankets, looking pale.

“You are not Wet,” Emma said.

“No,” Wolf replied, “but I soon will be.”

“Why are you here?”

“To devour you,” Wolf said, climbing onto the bed and yanking the blankets aside. Emma gasped as Wolf tossed aside her cloak to reveal her naked body underneath.

“Oh my,” Emma called out, pulling her nightdress up and over her head. Wolf clambered up her body until she was laid on top of her, lowering her mouth as she licked her lips.

“I cannot wait to eat you,” Wolf said, kissing her way down Emma’s body, sucking her nipples one after another before moving down her stomach towards her waiting pussy. She nudged Emma’s knees apart and then took a deep sniff of the scent of her wetness before plunging her tongue straight into Emma’s pussy.

Emma let out a moan as Wolf began to lick the inside of her, bringing a hand up towards her clit and stroking it gently as she lapped continually at Emma’s hole, bringing her to the brink of an orgasm within moments.

When Emma came, she screamed out loud, her hands grabbing Wolf’s hair and pulling her upwards. Wolf kissed her way back up Emma’s body, until her legs were above Emma’s head. She lowered herself onto the old woman’s face, letting her pussy sink down until Emma’s face was covered. Wolf felt a tongue slide up into her and began to rock back and forth on Emma’s face whilst tugging at her nipples, enjoying using the prone figure beneath her as an elaborate sex toy.

Wolf lasted less than a minute before reaching her own orgasm, her body twitching as she came, juices dripping from her into Emma’s eagerly waiting mouth. As her climax faded, Wolf slid beside Emma, stroking her forehead until she was asleep.

When she was certain Emma wouldn’t stir, Wolf lifted her from the bed and slipped her into the cupboard in the corner of the room. She picked up Emma’s night dress and cap and climbed into them before lying in the bed with the curtains drawn to await the arrival of Wet.

For her part, Wet Riding Hood had collected so many flowers she could carry no more, so she returned to the path and gathered up her basket, setting out on her way once more towards Emma’s cottage.

Wet was surprised to find the cottage door hanging open when she arrived and as she went inside, she had a strange feeling and said out loud, “Oh my, I feel so uneasy being here today and yet I like being with Emma so much usually. Perhaps it is because I need to pee again.” She called out,” Good morning,” but received no response. Perhaps Emma wasn’t in.

Spotting the chamber pot beneath a chair in the corner of the room, Emma dragged it out to the middle of the floor and squatted over it, relaxing her bladder until a spray of piss soaked straight through her panties and ran down into the waiting china bowl beneath her. She sighed loudly, unaware that Wolf was watching her from the bed, touching herself slowly under the covers as she stared in silence at the sight of Wet wetting herself through her knickers.

When she had finished, Wet stood up and went over to the bed, drawing back the curtains to let the light into the room. There lay Emma with her cap pulled down over her face, looking somehow different.

“Oh Emma, what big breasts you have,” she said, pulling the blankets away to reveal the body hidden underneath.

“All the better to suckle you with,” came the reply.

“And Emma, what soft lips you have.”

“All the better to kiss you with.”

“But Emma, what a soaking wet pussy you have.”

“All the better to piss on you with.”

“And Emma what an open mouth you have.”

“All the better to eat you with.”

And barely had the words escaped Wolf’s mouth when the cap fell from her head and Wet realised who was lying in Emma’s bed. Wolf grabbed Wet and pulled her into the bed, the basket of sex toys falling onto the covers, dildos rolling out left and right.

Wet found her eyes drawn to Wolf’s pussy, wondering just how it might taste. She kissed her way over Wolf’s stomach until her head was between Wolf’s open legs. As she leaned forwards, Wolf relaxed her bladder and a jet of piss gushed from her, hitting Wet in the middle of the nose. Wet gasped and opened her mouth, enveloping Wolf’s pussy and swallowing as much of her piss as she could.

She sucked and licked at Wolf’s pussy as urine dripped down her chin, her own pussy becoming wet with desire as she found Wolf’s clit and began to lick as fast as she could, loving the taste of sexual juices mixed with pee from this beautiful stranger in Emma’s bed.

She slid a finger into Wolf’s pussy at the same time as nudging between her buttocks with her other hand, sliding a second finger into Wolf’s tight but ready anus, making Wolf moan loudly as she thrust her hips forwards.

Wet kept fucking and licking until Wolf reached a screaming orgasm, her pussy gripping Wet’s finger tightly before expelling it from inside her with a final push. Wet found herself pushed onto all fours as Wolf grabbed one of the largest dildos in the basket. She felt it push its way into her pussy which had to stretch to allow it inside her.

She felt Wolf begin to fuck her with the dildo as a tongue flicked over her tight asshole, making her moan into the blankets beneath her face. Her clit throbbed as she rocked back and forth onto the dildo, loving the sensation of it completely filling her as she reached a climax more powerful than any she’d ever known. As the strength of it tore through her, she slumped forwards onto the bed, panting for breath until a moment later she was asleep.

Wolf collapsed besides her and kissed her neck before she too was asleep, her appetite appeased from having eaten Wet Riding Hood so thoroughly.

A woodcutter passing the house heard the sound of snoring through the open window and thought to himself, “How Emma is snoring in there. I must call in and see if she needs anything.” He noticed the open door and walked inside, finding his wife asleep in the bed beside Wet Riding Hood.

“Why Wolf,” he said out loud, stirring her from her slumber. “You have slept with Wet Riding Hood and did not invite me. This is a situation that must be corrected immediately.”

Wolf sat up with a yawn, nudging Wet awake beside her. “Oh my,” Wet said as the woodcutter began to undress. “What a big chopper you have.”

“All the better to fuck you with,” the woodcutter said.

“We’ve done that part,” Wolf replied. “Honestly David, try to keep up.”

David approached the bed as the two women sat up, their naked bodies making his cock stiffen as he reached them. Wet reached out and took hold of his shaft, running her fingers over the veins along the side as Wolf leaned forwards and licked a drop of precum from the hole in the head of his prick.

David thrust towards Wet and she opened her mouth in readiness, taking him in past her lips until he filled her throat. She gulped down his precum as she felt the heat of his shaft burning her tongue. She sucked at him, almost gagging as he thrust into her throat, grabbing the back of her head to hold her in place.

Just as he was on the verge of coming, the woodcutter stopped, pushing Wet onto her back and manoeuvring Wolf until she was laid on top of Wet.

He looked at the two women as they kissed, unable to avert his eyes from the two wet pussies laid before him, rubbing together as they were in the bed. He took a step forwards, grabbing his shaft before guiding his cock straight into Wet’s pussy. The tightness of her made him tingle all over as he began to fuck her, his hands sliding up over Wolf’s back and then down to her buttocks, spreading them apart to stare at her tight puckered asshole.

He pulled his cock out of Wet and then shoved it straight into Wolf’s pussy, enjoying the change in sensation. He went back and forth between the two women as they embraced before beginning to groan, knowing he was close to an orgasm. He was unable to resist sliding at last into his wife’s waiting anus, knowing it was the one thing sure to make her climax. As he entered her, she screamed and an orgasm tore through her, making her ass contract round his cock.

He thrust as deeply into her as he could manage, letting out a grunt as his prick began to twitch and then he came, jets of cum shooting into Wolf’s asshole. He withdrew slowly and stood back, looking at the two women as they began rolling around on the bed, bringing each other to one orgasm after another.

Finally he sat back in an armchair, his arm falling against the cupboard, knocking the door open. Emma fell forwards out of the cupboard, the shock of the fall awakening her in a moment. She blinked as she looked at Wolf and Wet on the bed fucking hard and then at the woodcutter’s still hard prick that glistened with wetness.

“I need to pee,” Emma said, climbing up onto the bed.

“What a full bladder you have,” the woodcutter said.

“All the better to punish Wolf with,” Emma replied, straddling Wolf who lay on her back, looking up at the naked pussy above her face. Emma pushed her bladder and almost instantly a gushing torrent of piss sprayed forth, soaking into Wolf’s body. Wolf opened her mouth to catch the flow as Emma moved her hips whilst Wet stood up and walked over to the woodcutter, sinking to her knees and taking him into her mouth again, catching the last leaking drops of his cum in her throat.

Emma did not stop wetting for thirty seconds and once she was done she leaned down and grabbed two large dildos from the collection on the bed. She pushed one straight up into Wolf’s soaking wet pussy and then lifted her knees to expose Wolf’s bottom, sliding the second sex toy into her ass as Wolf moaned loudly.

David stood up and walked over to the bed as Wet followed him, eager to feel his cock inside her once more. David knelt on the bed and pushed his cock into Wolf’s mouth so all three of her holes were filled at once. Wolf stared hungrily upwards as she was fucked hard, drool running down her chin as David grew close to a second orgasm.

Wolf came first, a climax that tore through her body in seconds and made her legs and arms buck and writhe across the bed. Wet pulled David from Wolf’s mouth and yanked him towards her, pushing him onto his back on the floor beside the bed, his erection sticking upwards as she slid it up into her waiting pussy.

She began to ride him, bouncing up and down on his cock as Emma stood up and lowered herself onto David’s mouth, letting his tongue slide up into her sopping wet pussy.

The two women rode the woodcutter whilst Wolf laid on her side on the bed, watching him quietly, her breathing returning to normal as her climax faded away. David’s cock appeared in view and then vanished up into Wet as Emma rocked on his face, using her hand on her clit to help bring herself to a screaming orgasm as she pressed herself onto his head, drawing his tongue as far into her as she could manage.

Wet began grinding down onto the woodcutter’s cock, knowing she was close as her toes began to curl. She felt his tool twitch and so she began bouncing on him again, bringing him to a climax, his cum shooting up into her as she reached her own orgasm, her body collapsing onto him as the strength left her muscles.

When she had recovered she slowly got to her feet before sitting on the edge of the bed besides Wolf. Emma sat in the chair with David on the floor beside her, stroking her leg.

All four were delighted with their experience. Wet gathered up her basket and Emma ate the bread that had been brought. “I feel so much better,” she declared as she wiped pussy juices from her chin. Wet kissed her before heading out of the door with her basket in hand, thinking to herself, “I must always leave the path when I enter the wood or else I may not meet Wolf again and fucking hell is she good in bed.”

She returned home to her waiting mother who was pacing beside the door. “How did you get on? Did Emma appreciate your gifts?”

“Yes mother.”

“And did you leave the path?”

“No mother,” Wet replied, thinking of how much her pussy was throbbing and how much cum was still inside her. She thought of Wolf and Emma and the woodcutter and she wondered when she could once more take a journey through the forest to enjoy another soaking wet erotic adventure.

The End

Hope you liked it and if you want to read more similar stories, have a look at My website

