SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

*053*2018-12-24 15:27

Thank you all, no I'm not dead. Just taking a brief vacation and with some help from my amazingly talented girlfriend.

With a very special thanks to the incomparable Tsukuyomi

“It’s ridiculous. You’re trained soldiers. I won’t have my squad being treated like toddlers!” Emelie began with an irritated tone. It was clear the change in dress code bothered her as much or more than it did Dianna. The four remained silent as Emelie continued. “I don’t want any of you following this new ‘dress code’ until I talk to whoever wrote this absurd addendum…” she said harshly. “Am I clear?” Emelie questioned. Drake shrugged, knowing it in no way affected him. Dianna saluted emphatically. “Yes Ma’am.” Taarna and Fiona looked a little more hesitant; Fiona knowing that such changes would have come from far above Emelie. Still…to disobey her direct superior... Taarna simply nodded, offering a curt salute. Fiona finally relented after an awkward silence, falling in line with her other squadmates.

“Yes ma’am...” Fiona said begrudgingly even as she could feel a faint dampness between her thighs. She couldn’t keep silent though… “But Emelie...” she said with a frown. “It’s a medical condition… it’s not that they’re trying to treat us like… toddlers.” she said, blushing as the words escaped her lips. “It’s just accepting another piece of… equipment.” she protested. Emelie’s sharp gaze fell on Fiona. The angry, raven-haired woman loomed over her. “That’s enough Fiona.” she said. “But...” Fiona tried again before Emelie slammed her fist on the table. “I said that’s enough!” she snapped. There was a nearly inaudible pssst from the redhead as a spurt of urine dampened her panties, seeping through her pants and leaving a small wet splotch. She wasn’t the only one; Dianna straightened up in surprise, Emelie’s outburst rousing her from distractedly surfing the net on her implants. A warm gush dampened her seat as the urine trickled into her panties, rolling down the gusset. ~~

“You’re all dismissed. Get your gear from requisitions and be ready. We shouldn’t need it, but…best to make a show of force to let them know we’re not fucking around.” Emelie said, waving her hand dismissively. She felt a pang of guilt watching Fiona slowly stand, having been harshly rebuked. “Fi, could you stay behind for a minute?” she asked, letting the other’s file out. Fiona bit her lip, expecting another tongue lashing from her leader. However…she was pleasantly surprised when instead she was met with an apology.

As soon as the door shut behind Dianna and Drake, who had already begun squabbling, Emelie sighed. “I’m sorry Fiona, I was unnecessarily harsh with you during the meeting. I’ve just had a lot on my mind lately.” She brushed her hair from her face with one hand as she reached into her desk drawer to pull out a bottle of her favorite Victory gin. Offering it to Fiona, who politely refused, she took a drink straight from the bottle.

“I feel like everything I’ve worked for, fought for… it’s all just going up in smoke around me… around you… around all of us, and it’s driving me nuts.” Emelie said, stashing the bottle back in the drawer. “I’ve been losing my temper lately, getting provoked by the smallest things. I can’t fucking stop pissing my sheets!” she hissed in irritation. “I’m a grown woman! I just… I...” she sighed again, slumping back in her chair and staring up at the ceiling. “How will any of them take me seriously if I have piss running down my legs, or worse, those humiliatingly childish garments around my hips.” she said with disdain. ~~

“Well, from the research I’ve done, the only way for manufacturers to meet the sudden demand for such products was to scale up their infant lines, in a manner of speaking. It may be embarrassing, but… it’s not because they want to… humiliate us.” Fiona explained rationally. “Think about it… how many women live in Sanam city? All of them suddenly needing some degree of protection?” the redhead said, making sure to use the less embarrassing euphemism. Emelie pursed her lips thinking it over. “I suppose that does make sense...” she admitted.

“Furthermore, plain designs are coming… I’ve even seen that they have black ones available… but those are always out of stock.” Fiona said with a frown; clearly those were the ones she desired. Emelie perked up at the thought. Black ones...perhaps those wouldn’t look so obvious… wouldn’t be so embarrassing. The thought of wearing them still turned her stomach, but those didn’t sound as bad… The two sat in pensive silence for a few moments longer, Emelie thinking about what she’d said, and Fiona hoping she had somewhat swayed her boss. “It’ll be alright, Emelie...” Fiona spoke. Her words didn’t carry the confidence she’d hoped. Emelie just frowned and nodded. “I suppose it might be…we’ll see.” she said, thinking about the little fact-finding group the Wraith had invited her to. If she could get some answers, then just maybe… “That’ll be all for now Fi, I’ll see you after you get outfitted.” Emelie said, dismissing her subordinate. ~~

Finally, she was left with a moment’s peace in her empty office. Leaning back in her chair Emelie sighed and turned to look out the large glass window, losing herself in her thoughts. After contemplating what she and Fiona had spoken about she approached one of walls. A large panel slid open and retracted into the wall as her light combat outfit was presented. The large glass window dimmed, turning opaque and giving her privacy to change. Slowly she undressed down to her underclothes, meticulously hanging her suit up and leaving her side holster on a notch cut into the tray holding her outfit. Standard issue PrivSec light combat duty uniform. She ran her fingers over the leathery material of the suit. The fine synthetic fiber was cut resistant, inert to most caustic liquids, surprisingly flexible, and (fortunately for the wearer), breathable.

A bra and panties weren’t exactly necessary underneath, but most people chose to wear them out of habit. She pulled the suit from it’s resting spot, the fabric parting for her tracing finger. The natural zipper was quite the design enhancement over the traditional metal. Stepping into the suit one foot at a time, she worked it up her long muscular legs. Pulling it past her hips, she finally got it up and over her shoulders, sliding her arms through each hole. The fabric had a faintly rigid quality to it, and once she was wearing it the open back slowly sealed itself again. It was ironic that an outfit designed for combat hugged her curves in such an erotic way. She fastened a belt around her waist, adding a few utility pouches to her hips. ~~

Looking at herself in the mirror she winked and pointed, dropping her thumb like it was the hammer on an old-time revolver. Amidst the leathery mass of black, gray, and white material she looked rather imposing. Following the suit came a pair of long matching boots with two light armor plates covering the shin and knee. Pulling on each boot one at a time she caught another glimpse of herself in the mirror. Bent over she admired her posterior for a moment before thinking in embarrassment about how obvious one of those damned diapers would look in the combat uniform.

A pair of gloves followed the boots, with a segmented armored plate that ran along the back of her fingers to her knuckles. Emelie rocked her head back and forth considering her options. It was likely this was going to be an in-and-out operation but…on the off chance things did go south… “Better safe than sorry.” the agent thought aloud. Running her fingers along the various plates she paused on a large molded piece pulling it away from it’s magnetic mount and affixing the breastplate to her chest. It clicked into place, magnetically locking. A few more pieces of gear and she was ready: wrist-mounted holo projector synced to her implants, some spare magazines for her sidearm, company credit chips, and lastly, a high-powered laser cutter that attached to her forearm. ~~

Now it was back to requisitions. Having returned both rifles from the scouting mission the day prior in good shape, she was hoping for a pleasant interaction with Josephine. For once. As soon as she approached the quartermaster, the look on the brunette’s face told her that this hope was misplaced. “Blackstar...” she groaned. Emelie frowned; this was the one person she did her best not to antagonize, since without her approval she didn’t get the toys she wanted. “About those scout rifles you checked out yesterday...” she began.

“What about them?” Emelie asked. “One of them looks like it was ground down by a belt sander.” she scolded, pressing the bridge of her glasses back up as they slid down her nose. “Err…well, on our way back to the office we were ambushed by some two-bit bangers, and it kind of got dragged against the freeway… but only for a second. Honestly, you should be happy Fiona kept hold of it!” Emelie said defensively. Josephine sighed, entirely too used to Emelie’s “tactics” for her liking. “Fine. I’m assuming you’re here for your protection requisition...?” she said, flicking through the records projected over her desk before cocking an eyebrow. “A D rating, hmm?” Emelie flushed and shook her head. “Th...that’s not what I’m here for and...damnit, I am not a D rating!” she shouted. “Would you please just take them? You think you’re the only one who doesn’t want to be wearing these?” She hoisted the large pack of Huggies Colossus onto the counter, shoving it towards the beleaguered agent. ~~

Emelie balked at the picture on the packaging. She’d just lectured her squad about not wearing them, and here she was getting...these foisted upon her. “I’m not taking them.” Emelie said angrily. “Well, unfortunately, taking them is a precondition for any other requisition authorizations.” she said, eyes closed in exasperation.

The corner of Emelie’s mouth twitched with irritation, and after ten agonizing seconds she grabbed the package off the window. “Fine, but I’m not wearing these damn things.” she said. The quartermaster shrugged. “I just give them out.”

@“Anyway. You’re here to turn more of my equipment into a tax write off, I assume?” Emelie ignored the quip, blushing brightly; even holding the damn pack was humiliating enough. “Ascarii A-10 combat rifle with three extended magazines; API ammunition. I’ve been authorized for fast air support, so give me a drone too. We’re meeting with Division Ruin, there’s potential for hostile engagement; priority B” Emelie said quickly.

“Done, drone 737 is yours for the day. Try not to shoot it down this time. She said, wheeling her chair away from the window. While Josephine was finding her the rifle she requested, Emelie was busy connecting to the drone. It was a standard PrivSec Sirocco-class, armed with a cache of 6 air to ground missiles and a 20mm Gatling cannon. “Electric Eye is online”, 737 intoned as the video uplink stabilized. “Hey. Earth to Blackstar. You still want this?” a familiar voice pulled her out of her sync. “Thanks.” she said, grabbing the rifle and testing the operation, yanking the charge handle back a few times making sure it cycled smoothly. Each spare magazine clipped to the armor plate covering her chest. “Oh… and if you wouldn’t mind. Explosives, two HE and two EMP. Please and thank you.” she said as she synced the weapon to her implants, ammunition and heat readouts dancing across her vision. ~~

Josephine sighed and grumbled something inaudible before stepping away again to retrieve the grenades Emelie requested. She returned almost immediately with four small metallic cylinders; two had a red strip around them and the remaining two had a blue strip. Grabbing the four explosive devices, Emelie attached them to her belt. “Try to bring them back in one piece, please…Oh, you can keep the diapers though.” she said, giggling to herself as Emelie practically ran back to her office. A small mercy no one saw her carrying the embarrassing parcel back to her office. With that indignity taken care of, a large armored SUV waited for them in the parking lot. The team had assembled, all wearing identical combat suits with accessories customized to meet their own particular needs.

The twins both carried Noble M600 marksmen rifles; each with it's own built in spotting drone. Fiona carried the same weapon Emelie did, the Ascarii A-10 combat rifle, each fully integrated with their implant networks. Taarna was the odd one out, with only a personal defense weapon. As the team slicer, she operated more from a position of combat support. With everyone outfitted for the worst case scenario Emelie waved her finger in a circle and pointed at the truck. "Let's get going." The late morning traffic sprawled out before them and the drive to DR headquarters. An executive level gang like Division Ruin operated more like a business than the typical street level thugs. An idle thought drifted through Emelie’s mind: “At what point do they stop being a gang and start being a corporation?” ~~

Towers of concrete and steel lined the drive until they made their way out of downtown... well, one of the many 'downtowns'. It was mostly quiet, Drake made small talk with Taarna, ignoring the few jabs and teasing remarks from Dianna. Emelie napped on and off throughout the drive and Fiona reviewed details of the mission until her eyes grew heavy and she dozed off, her head leaning against the window. Emelie drifted off, an odd dream filling the void of time. A younger, late teenaged Emelie found herself walking towards the bathroom, squeezing her thighs together and pausing every few moments. She wasn't wearing any pants. One of those thick diapers was wrapped tightly around her hips instead. “Look at her, she's potty training so early." a soft feminine voice said.

"I know. Only eighteen and already making it to the toilet...for the most part." Her father spoke with a faint ethereal quality to his voice. The faintly twisted take on everyday life seemed perfectly normal. Emelie whirled around to face her parents, huffing indignantly. "You guys don't have to watch me! I can go to the bathroom myself!" she said, before quickly turning back around. Both her parents chuckled "Dear, we're just excited not to have to change your diapers anymore." they teased with a good natured tone. "I can... I can do that myself too I... ohhh... fuck." she froze, groaning. Suddenly the urge had taken her by surprise and a faint warmth was pooling between her legs. "Nooooo" she moaned quietly, jammed a hand against her puffy crotch as a damp discoloration rapidly spread across the once pristine garment. "Well... maybe not quite yet. You'll get there Em." her father said encouragingly. The warmth, she could get lost in the warmth... the warmth... shit... ~~

Her eyes shot open and she pressed her thighs together, straining as hard as she could. What had been a full bladder evacuation in her dream was fortunately just a trickle dribbling into her underpants. Had she not woken up so soon it would have been a disaster! Emelie slumped back in the leather seat and rubbed her face with one hand, the other checking the crotch of her combat suit. Through her gloves she couldn't tell if it was wet, but... a small, barely noticeable discoloration was evident...No more sleeping on the job, she scolded herself; it was too risky. Fortunately, the three behind them were still chatting and Fiona was still asleep. Gently, Emelie shook Fi awake. It was nearly time. "Everyone, let's sync up." she barked. Each of the operatives nodded, giving her their attention. Each of their implant networks linked together, blanketing their vision with biometric readouts.

"Good, you're all online. We should be approaching the DR building shortly. This should go off without a hitch, but... if things go south we have a drone in the air. Drake and Dianna, you'll cover our entry and exit. Fi, Taarna, and myself will go inside to discuss terms. Good vantage points available?" she asked, turning to look over the seat behind her. The twins both nodded in unison. "Yeah, we can watch the front of the building from the roof of a condo complex. It's about half the height of the DR building and right across the street. In fact, it's up here on the right." Drake said, leaning forward, pointing through the windshield. "We brought pulleys, so we'll scale the side and be in position in less than five," he said as the car came to a stop. The rear door opened and he stepped out along with his sister in tow. Emelie could hear the whir of a pair of cable hooks being fired up to the rooftop as the door shut. ~~

The lumbering SUV pulled forward driving further before turning into a large driveway and approaching the large building. It wasn't the size of the PrivSec building, but nonetheless it was impressive. At one point it probably belonged to some corp before DR either bought the building from them or just ran them out by force. Flashing her credentials at the gate the fence slowly opened, and into the maw of gang territory they went. Gangs and security corporations didn't have the best of relationships, but with a group like DR at least there was a modicum of mutual respect. The three disembarked, leaving the armored truck parked in front.

"Boss, I've got eyes on you. I'm in position. Drake's just about there." Dianna said. Emelie nodded silently, feeling a bit safer knowing she was being watched by her team. With their implant link their positions would be super imposed on each other’s vision, even without direct line of sight. Just one of the many handy features available to the team. Drake pulled a shimmering blanket up over his back as he lay on his stomach on the other corner of the rooftop before pressing a button on the side of the rifle. A small drone detached from the scope, floating into the air above him. The shimmering blanket shifted colors matching the texture of the roof and blocking his heat signature. "We're snuggled in our blankets, tracking your position now.", Drakes voice came through their cochlear enhancements. ~~

"Welcome to Division Ruin ladies. The boss is expecting you." a tall muscular woman spoke up flanked on both sides by two heavily augmented men. All three of them wore suits not unlike what Emelie and her team would have worn if they were back in HQ. Though... one of the men with bulky cybernetic arms wore his suit without sleeves; his burnished steel appendages hissed quietly when he opened the door for the three of them. Emelie only wondered what sort of grisly accident had taken the man's arms. She couldn't imagine anyone would replace their natural arms by choice... There was no other way to put it, this woman was ripped. She was definitely augmented even if she only showed minimal signs of enhancement.

"Try not to piss those three off Boss. They're packing some serious hardware." Drakes voice came in through the shared comms. "That's Bridgette, DR chief of security and her two personal enforcers." Dianna added. Emelie, Fi and Taarna entered the building. Taarna was hard at work as they entered, handling the sudden barrage of probes and wireless attacks testing their security. "Chief of security hmm...must be an exciting position." Emelie said, making small talk as the six entered an elevator. The short haired, rather butch woman smiled coyly.

"Yeah, its got its fair share of excitement." she said with a chuckle. "Pinky and Perky here do a pretty good job of keeping things in check." The two men smirked. Emelie, Fi and Taarna weren't so easily intimidated. Or... at least that's what they thought. Taarna felt a small gush of warmth dampen the groin of her suit. "But compared to a PrivSec agent it's probably not that exciting." she said. "A surprising amount of paperwork." Emelie joked before a ding announced their destination. "Mr. Walker's floor." Bridgette announced as the door's opened for them. ~~

A hallway spread out in each direction, bare but for a pair of varnished doors, entwined with a script reading: R. Walker. Bridgette wasted no time outside the office. The pleasant if not slightly combative dialogue that had been shared between the two women vanished as she opened the door for them. "Mr. Walker will see you now," she said professionally. Inside the sprawling office were modern furnishings that incorporated surprisingly rustic elements, like what appeared to be real wood. At the far end of the cavernous space a large desk laden with holo-projectors took residence, and behind that a leather lounge chair. It was an obvious power move; Walker sitting with his back to the entrance as they approached. The trio slowly approached, Drake's voice piped up through their link.

"We've got you approaching the west wall second to top floor." he said casually. Outside the twins lay in almost perfect stillness underneath their camouflage blankets, watching for any signs of anything unusual. The chair turned to face the agents, and an imposing, bespectacled man stood to meet them. Fake, of course, Emelie noted. Likely more tech in those glasses than in some of her subordinates. His dark hair belied his years; only a faint streak of grey any indication of his true age. A cigar smoldered freely between his lips. He took another puff before setting it down on his desk.

Emelie’s jaw nearly dropped; a real cigar, Cuban, at that! Did he send an expedition to the bottom of the sea to find those?...Emelie wondered idly. He must have been every bit as rich as some of the PrivSec executives...maybe even richer. "You must be Ms. Blackstar,". He spoke with a voice like crystallized silver, faintly accented, with just a hint of gravel in his tone. Something about him... he was strangely attractive despite being at least fifteen years her senior. Emelie extended her hand to meet his own as they shook firmly. ~~(edited)

"This is Fiona, my second, and Taarna." Emelie said, gesturing to the two women who flanked her sides. He raised his eyebrow ever so slightly and cracked a warm smile. "The pleasure is all mine." he said with a cordial smile. Fiona blushed faintly. All the while Emelie was attempting to read his facial expression, with little success. Likely he'd been trained or had implants to keep his expression relatively neutral. "You are here to remove one of my own," he said as he moved back to his seat. Emelie nodded, stepping forward, setting a data chip on his desk for him to review. "I think the evidence speaks for itself." she said, folding her arms over her chest. Walker took the chip, eyeing it suspiciously. Inserting it into a recessed slot, he waited a moment before the chip was ejected and his suspicions seemed to ease.

"Just a heuristic scan, one cannot be too careful." he noted. Emelie nodded in agreement. Inserting the chip into another slot he waved his hand over the holo-projector and a slew of files were projected into the air. Slowly, he lowered himself back into his chair, steepling his fingers. Occasionally he would flick his hand to move to another file. It took all of a minute for him to peruse what he wanted. The floating images faded and he turned his attention to Bridgette. "Bring him in." the chief nodded and put a finger to her ear. "Just a minute, sir." Bridgette said. Walker seemed content with what he had seen. "Where are my manners. May I get you a drink?" he asked, pouring himself a glass of amber liquid from an elegant crystal decanter on his desk. Emelie smiled demurely at him; it never hurt to befriend someone as powerful as Walker. ~~

"Please and thank you," the raven haired woman said with a smile. "Fiona? Taarna?" he asked, pouring a glass for Emelie. The redhead shook her head politely, uncomfortable with drinking on an assignment; Taarna simply responded with a courteous, "No thank you." He nodded, handing the glass to Emelie who gave it a cautious sip. Whiskey, single malt, and smooth... "I must thank you for bringing this to my attention before it spiraled out of control. Division Ruin is not in the business of common thuggery." he said, swirling his glass.

“That kind of activity tends to draw...” He took a measured sip, contentment spreading across his face. "...Unwanted attention.” He cracked an unpleasant smile. The door opened. In came the two enforcers with the man responsible for the mess. He looked as though he was about to be sick. Walker set down his tumbler; oddly gingerly, Emelie noted. "Good to see you, James. Can I offer you a drink?" A raised eyebrow from Fiona as the shaking ganger looked up, perplexed. “No? Well, that’s alright.” He chuckled, standing back up and approaching the younger man. "Fuck..." James muttered under his breath. "Look, she's just some ultralux skank. I didn't hurt her, she doesn't even know about the ransom!" he blurted out in desperation. ~~

A pause. A hidden drawer in the desk slid open without a sound, and Walker languidly drew forth a long-barreled pistol. Emelie's implants came back with nothing about the firearm. "This fine piece," Walker began, “is an 1851 Colt Navy Revolver. A genuine slice of history.” Taarna bit her lip. The network activity in the room had completely died out. The team watched, a sinking feeling in their collective stomachs.

"Boss, come on... it's not like that." James said, a quaver of fear in his voice. Emelie watched, transfixed. “It fires a .36 caliber lead ball weighing 80 grains at a velocity of 1,000 feet per second,” Walker continued. Fiona turned away, hearing the metallic click of a hammer being drawn. “With today’s firearms technology, you might not understand why I keep this old thing around,” he mused, leveling the muzzle directly at Jame’s head. "Fourth floor, office 27!" James nearly shouted, seeing how dire the situation really was.

"But, when you get to be my age, well, you’ll learn to appreciate that kind of sentimentality," Walker pressed the barrel directly into James’ sweat-soaked forehead. A wave of nausea made Emelie’s vision swim. “You always were a disappointment of a son.” A single shot echoed in the room followed by the hollow thump of a body following to the ground. Taarna flinched, recoiling from the noise and clenching her fists as she felt a warmth starting to creep down her thigh. Emelie swallowed hard, barely keeping down the bile that had risen in her throat. Fiona had covered her mouth with her hands, turned firmly away from the grisly execution, and when Emelie glanced at their slicer she could see her inner thigh was damp with what could only be urine... ~~

"Bridgette, show Ms. Blackstar and her associates to the office in question, won’t you?” Walker drawled, placing the still-smoking revolver gently back into it’s drawer. “Oh, and thank you again, Emelie." he said, offering her an avuncular smile as he walked past. The agent in question stood stock still. For the first time in many years, Emelie Blackstar was truly terrified. "This way, please." Bridgette said, giving one last glance at the slumped body, snapping her fingers at one of her enforcers. The large man that still had his natural arms (or at least looked like he did), nodded with a grunt and moved towards the lifeless man. The meeting concluded with a stark suddenness and the trio was ushered out of the office by the security chief. It was a subdued ride down to the floor, the playful banter previously shared between the two women all but absent.

A short walk towards the south end of the building brought them to office 27. Bridgette unlocked the door through her implant and pushed it open, revealing the sprawling office. Rumbling bass immediately rushed out as a woman Emelie recognized as the target danced on one of the tables. The security chief killed the music and glowered at the men and women watching the girl dance. A group of four, three men and one woman sat around the table watching, and another two gang members sat at two desks facing the wall typing away on keyboards.

It seemed that James was only the ringleader... but who could say just how privy these people were to the plot. "Party's over." Bridgette growled, marching towards the desk. The woman looked confused by the whole ordeal. Emelie could see the group was glancing amongst themselves and the two working on the far side of the room had stopped and turned to look at the interlopers. An uneasy silence fell over the room and Emelie instinctively found herself reaching for the rifle slung around her shoulder. ~~

The facial expressions she was picking up only reinforced her gut feeling. Anger, fear confusion… everything came to a boil as Bridgette grabbed the woman’s wrist. The man to Bridgette’s right sprang to his feet, his eyes glowing ominously. A cybernetic hand grabbed a large handgun from a holster and jammed it into the woman’s back, his other arm wrapping around her neck. He yanked her around putting her between him and the PrivSec team. Bridgette’s eyes widened in surprise feeling the barrel of the gun jammed against her spine. She growled angrily as a glistening stream poured from beneath her skirt. The other gang members had all drawn weapons and levied them at the team.

With a mishmash of handguns and submachine pistols being brandished at them the three agents and Bridgette’s enforcer clearly had the gangers outgunned, but the numbers were not in their favor. Not to mention Bridgette currently being held at gunpoint. "You don't understand how much this brat is worth!" The man with the cybernetic hand spat. Emelie narrowed her eyes. "I don't care" Emelie said icily. "I've got a job and you're standing in my way," she growled, tightening her grip on her rifle. Finally the noisy hiss of Bridgette wetting herself began to fade. Her leggings were glossy with wetness and the puddle left beneath her feet was impressively large. Her cheeks were flushed scarlet. The man wrinkled his nose glancing down realizing that he was standing in a puddle of urine. "Oh, fucking gross!" he exclaimed, lifting one of his boots out of the liquid. ~~

That was all the distraction the Chief of Security needed. She shoved her elbow back, pinning his wrist to his chest and shoving his gun out of the way. In a swift movement she jerked forward and with her free hand grabbed him by the collar, flipping him clean over her back before slamming him to the ground. He landed with an ignominious splash. The giant of a man lunged forward the moment Bridgette had reacted. His metallic muscles bulged and flexed as he barreled into the woman who had been standing next to the now dazed assailant. The enforcer's shoulder tackle sent the woman flying back, crashing into another desk. In a split second the tension erupted into pure unadulterated chaos. The ultralux girl collapsed into a ball on the desk covering her ears with her hands, burying her face against her knees. The loud bangs of gunfire echoed in the small room as the two gang members by the far window opened fire. Dianna's voice came through their implants.

"Boss, we don't have eyes on that office." she said. At the same time she could hear Bridgette's snarling voice directed at the man who's neck she'd pinned under her knee. "Big fucking mistake." she growled before driving her fist against his face with a sickly crack of bone. The enforcer whom Bridgette had affectionately called “Perky” was bearing the brunt of the gunfire. His hardened augments and obvious subdermal armoring protected him from most of the rounds. Even so, he was driven back and forced to take cover behind the desk where Bridgette was kneeling. Emelie and Fi opened fire as well, taking shots during breaks in the fire. The armor-piercing rounds Emelie had requested made short work of the desks the gang members had been hiding behind. ~~

Of the six that had initially offered resistance, the woman who'd been thrown like a ragdoll against the desk was barely conscious. Upon impact she too had lost control and in her awkward inverted position with her legs dangling above her, urine soaked into her shirt. Soft wet mush oozed from the waistband of her combat trousers, globules of feces smearing against her back. The two other men who had been watching the woman dance met their end by way of the agent's rifles. There was a lull in gunfire, and an eerie silence fell in the office. With how quickly the odds had turned against them, the remaining two men held their weapons up in surrender.

"Throw them to the ground and stand up slowly." Bridgette barked, standing up from behind the makeshift cover, holding the handgun she had taken from the man who dared attack her. With her back to the agents Emelie could see the seat of her skirt... she hadn't just wet herself. The telltale lumpy bulge made it quite obvious that her bowels had released as well. To push out such a firm log... Emelie shuddered in disgust and did her best to ignore it as Bridgette awkwardly tugged at the back of her skirt pinching the fabric between her fingers attempting to pull the soiled material away from her skin. 

"Okay... we're coming out. Just don't shoot." the man's voice called out. Emelie watched a figure slowly start to rise, her finger hovering over the trigger ready for the slightest movement. Next to him the second figured stayed put and instead a metallic cylinder was tossed in an arc towards them. The silhouette of the device focused in Emelie's ocular implant and instinctive she jerked her rifle towards it. With the Calculated Threat Defense implant she fired with pinpoint accuracy! ~~

The armor piercing incendiary round ripped through the metal casing rendering the device inert with a puff of smoke. The mangled grenade clattered to the floor just in front of the desk Emelie and Fi were behind, to the side of the two DR security personnel. Taarna smirked from behind another desk and suddenly in a jerky motion the woman awkwardly stood from behind cover with a look of horror on her face. "I got her." Taarna announced proudly. "Could have got her sooner." Emelie said sharply... had that went off in this confined space... she shuddered at the thought, realizing there was a wet warmth slowly trickling down her thigh.

Em clamped down on the slow stream and mercifully managed to stop it. Hopefully the damage wasn't too bad... but it felt so hot... and wet... she squirmed, the slick sensation of her dampened combat suit rubbing against her thighs; a tingle of pleasure jolted through her. No! This was neither the time nor the place... she shook her head Bridgette stomped forward towards the man who had surrendered along with his hacked partner. A heavy fist to the side of his head sent him into an unconscious heap. The blond woman she grabbed by the neck and lifted off the ground shoving her against the window.

"I wonder what sound your body’s gonna make, huh?" she growled, keeping a firm grip around the woman's throat. She coughed and gagged for breath staring into Bridgette's merciless eyes. Grabbing at the woman's hand in a vain attempt to free herself from the constricting grip she started to panic. A pale yellow stream ran down her thrashing legs, which brought a satisfied smirk to Bridgette's face. If they had made her do it... she was going to return the favor. ~~

When the woman finally lost consciousness Bridgette tossed her to the ground in a limp, soggy pile atop the other unconscious man. The enforcer had hoisted the groaning woman over his shoulder with a grimace of disgust at the smell coming from her pants. “All’s well that end’s well, eh Boss?” Drake’s voice crackled over the cochlear implant. “You sure are cocky for someone who didn’t do shi-” Emelie stopped, frozen in horror as she saw the grenade in the barely-conscious women’s hand. “Everybody get down!”

A pulse came from the device. Overhead lights exploded. The heavily augmented man collapsed to the ground, his mechanical arms twitching. Bridgette fell to one knee looking like she might vomit. She tried to stay upright but swayed from her kneeling position and fell backwards with a subdued squish as she sat in her own filth. The firm mess mushed into a contour around her bottom smoothing out the bulge and staining through her skirt. Bridgette's disgust would have brought tears to her eyes if she wasn't already preoccupied with her augments going haywire.

For the three augmented agents the world seemed to shudder as the EMP shorted out even their most shielded implants. Taarna's world went dark while her ocular implants rebooted. Probably the most augmented of the three, she whimpered in pain as her implants overloaded and she collapsed against the desk in a daze. The bottom of her suit bulged out as she noisily soiled herself with a burbly wet crackling sound. The fabric could only stretch so much before flattening the mush against her backside as she filled her panties. Taarna groaned as her senses slowly started to return as her implants recovered from the sudden short. ~~

Emelie, lightly augmented as she was, wasn't nearly as effected as the large enforcer or Taarna, but it took its toll regardless. Her reinforced skeletal structure suddenly felt heavier. She felt sluggish, her vision blurring and her ears ringing. Worse yet... that warm sensation returned. It even brought a quiet moan of relief to her lips. For a moment she was taken with it; she hadn't even realized how badly she'd needed to go and the warmth was almost something to savor. The fluorescent lights above her popped loudly, showering her with flecks of glass, and the warm sensation intensified. She grunted and felt her stomach contract, her bottom dilating, and like the previous night a heavy warm mush humiliatingly filled the seat of her pants.

Emelie was so overwhelmed by the sensation the woman who had triggered the EMP nearly managed to hobble past her before Emelie grabbed her by the ankle and yanked her feet out from under her, slamming her to the ground. "Y...you're not going anywhere." she choked out. After taking a moment to steady herself, Emelie breathed a sigh of relief. Her HUD flickered and twitched as her implants came back online.

“Doesn’t seem like any permanent damage”.. A choppy, almost robotic voice came through the implant. "Co... m.m.m.mander... arrrrrrrrrre y...you okay?" Drake's voice came through, stuttering as the audio sync drivers loaded, smoothing out the transmission. "Fine... EMP," she grunted through the comm, running her fingers along the soaked bottom of her suit, feeling the fabric distended by her own waste. "Eeesh. You three went offline for a moment and we were worried" he responded. "We're coming out with the target. Meet us with the truck." Emelie groaned before puling herself to her feet. ~~

"Fi, grab the girl." Emelie said, rubbing her head as she stood up, still slightly wobbly. Fiona nodded, swaying on her feet for a moment before she walked towards the still crumpled up ultralux woman. Fiona hadn't escaped without incident either. Sometime during the whole ordeal her bladder had released, running down one leg. The discolored material ran all the way down into her boot. Emelie went to check on Taarna while Fiona hoisted the woman off the desk. She was shaken but unharmed, and, much to the redhead's chagrin... unsoiled. Somehow she hadn't even wet herself during the chaos. Taarna stood, letting out a quiet groan as she felt the sagging rear of her suit.

"Not again..." she mumbled quietly. Bridgette had returned to her feet as well and the enforcer laughed as his arms twitched. He was gracious enough not to say anything about the smell as Bridgette walked past. "Ey boss, gonna go to tech get my arms all synced... I ain't doing that." he said holding his hands up as his metal fingers wiggled aimlessly. She dismissed him with a wave of her hand and continued doing her best to walk like there wasn't messy load in her panties. "We'll see if James had any other people working with him and do some house cleaning." she said, instantly regretting her choice of words given her soiled state. "Probably a good idea. If you need any help, let us know." Emelie offered. Both women blushed with embarrassment, having quite badly soiled themselves. She crouched, shuddering with disgust as the sodden fabric of her skirt tightened against her muscular bottom. It squished her mess even worse as she began to drag the ultralux woman by the arm. ~~

Now they just had to get her back to HQ which... as unpleasant a prospect as it sounded, required them all back in the truck for a long drive. "Your father is eagerly awaiting your return princess, let's go." Emelie said, grabbing her by the arm and pushing her forward, leading them out to the truck. The woman bit her lip, looking rather unhappy with the situation. "This isn't fair! I can do what I want, I'm a grown woman!" she started to shriek. Emelie rubbed the bridge of her nose.

"I don't give a shit okay? Does that make sense to you? We're getting paid to bring you home. Do whatever you want after that." Emelie said, rolling her eyes. They were only a few floors up but stairs... were not an appetizing proposition for the agents in their dirtied, tight fitting combat suits. "He was using you, ransoming you to your father." Emelie said matter of-factly. "I don't care... I'll pay you double to leave me alone!" she shouted. A tempting offer, but Emelie just jerked her into the elevator. "Ohhh my god it smells..ugh, you shit yourselves... seriously?" she gagged for emphasis. Emelie and Taarna turned crimson, Fiona averted her gaze, thankful she had only peed. ~~

Emelie trembled with rage, barely able to restrain her temper. Still, bad idea, hitting an ultralux...she bit her tongue as the woman continued mouthing off. Finally they were outside, Drake and Dianna stood outside the SUV, waiting for them as ordered. Dianna was, like them, soaked, the front of her suit completely drenched as if she'd been laying in it. Emelie gave her a sharp look. The woman flushed, "You guys were taking a long time in there... I had to go." she said sheepishly. Upon seeing the truck, and the prospect of a ride home of unknown length, the ultralux girl finally made an offer worth listening to. "Oh my god no... please... I have an aircar. It's parked a block from here roofside. If I have to ride god knows how long cramped in that car smelling your shit I will literally die." she said. ~~

*057*2019-01-19 23:02

Thank you everyone. Continuing onwards with a shorter and somewhat risque segment.

The aircar’s engines purred quietly as it took her through the much less congested sky whilst her team suffered through a miserable car ride back to headquarters. All things considered the op had been a success. No casualties, minimal ammunition expended, and she didn’t even have to use the drone. It didn’t exactly feel like a rousing success though; not while her suit was filled with shit. Lowering herself as gingerly as possible into the seat of the aircar hadn’t been the most pleasant experience. Still, Emelie was glad to have the privacy of the aircar to herself while her team escorted the spoiled princess back to HQ.

The faint vibrations of the engine pulsing through the cabin was an almost pleasurable sensation. As disgusting as it was to have her own filth mushed all over her bottom and the pissy wet fabric clinging to her legs, there was something… something that sent a tingle down her spine. She bit her lip as a dirty thought crossed her mind. Scratch that… it was downright filthy. It was so wrong, so dirty, but she couldn’t help but wonder what it would feel like to rock her hips… maybe just a little. Part of her wanted to just wriggle around in the warm muddy feeling trapped inside her suit. “No, I shouldn’t.” she said quietly, feeling ashamed for even thinking such thoughts. ~~

“You’re a grown woman.” she scolded herself, drumming her fingers against the armrest. “...not a child.” she said. Those words were tough to say given her current predicament. A jolt of turbulence did what she decided she could not. The hydraulic suspension underneath the seat cushioned most of the shock, but it was still enough to cause a wet squelch. She could feel the effluence creeping up her lower back in the confines of her suit, and further down against her thighs.

It felt… dare she admit it… good? She was mortified to the core, but even still she gingerly brought her hand between her thighs, hesitantly touching the front of her suit. Her fingertips felt electric and she had to bite her lip to stifle a moan. Was she really about to pleasure herself in her dirty suit… Maybe, just a little bit… she thought to herself. She felt like such a degenerate, her fingers gently grazing the front of her suit. She could feel the gentle squish of poo underneath the combat suit material. It had spread forward touching her womanhood. The feeling of revulsion turned her stomach. She felt like she might throw up, but still… she rocked her hips ever so slightly letting out a sharp gasp of pleasure. “Fuck...” she hissed, through gritted teeth. ~~

There was another sudden jolt in the cabin and the armrest dug painfully into her side. She continued her exploration, applying a bit more pressure against the sodden groin of her suit. The cabin shook again with another jolt and the armrest dug into her side even harder. “Emelie, you’re a bad girl...” she said, her voice husky. “Emelie~...” she whispered again shutting her eyes. “Emelie...”… “EMELIE!” Her eyes shot open as she felt the pain in her side. It wasn’t the armrest of the aircar, but Taarna’s elbow digging into her side. Taarna hissed her name to get her attention. A dream… she shook her head, awakened by a sudden jolt of adrenaline when she realized that she was still in the SUV with the rest of her team. She stared at the silver haired woman.

Taarna gave her an odd look, lowering her voice. “You were...” she blushed. “Moaning in your sleep and uh, well… um, I just thought I should wake you up.” she said awkwardly. A crimson blush returned to Emelie’s cheeks. Not knowing how to react, her mind still foggy from the confusing dream state she just nodded, covering her face with both hands and rubbing her eyes. What on earth kind of dream was that… She pinched the wet fabric of her suit between her fingers, tugging it away from her thigh for a moment before letting it snap back in place. The girl had insisted she wouldn’t sit next to anyone who had shit themselves. That put Taarna and Emelie in the front. Drake volunteered to drive mostly because he wished to sit next to Taarna, which left Fi and Dianna sitting on either side of the still complaining ultralux girl. ~~

Emelie rubbed the bridge of her nose. All the windows were at least partially open, but the SUV still reeked of pissed and shit in pants. “It wasn’t what you think. Just forget about it.” she said in a whisper. Taarna just shrugged and squirmed in her seat making an unpleasant face. The mood in the car was tense, to say the least. Tense… and sticky… and disgusting. She checked their location through her implant, letting out a small groan when she saw how much farther they had to go. At least an hour, traffic permitting… Emelie was regretting not taking the aircar.

Rubbing her temples, she shifted in her seat vainly trying to make her situation somewhat more comfortable. “If we had taken MY aircar we would have been there already!” she said, making an exaggerated gagging noise. “I swear, father sent children to come get me! I think you all forgot your diapers!” she grumbled loudly. “Oh, shut up!” Dianna spat back. “You’re lucky we even came and got your sorry ass!” she continued. The girl scoffed and rolled her eyes, but before she could speak up, Emelie cleared her throat. “Dianna. Enough. We’re almost there, I apologize for the… inconvenience, but had we taken your vehicle you’d… need to replace the upholstery… and it’s against company policy to use personal vehicles for exfiltrating a target.”she explained through gritted teeth.

~~

“Of course… I guess it’s better you don’t ruin all my seats!” she said with a loud indignant huff. It took everything in her power to resist going off on the woman. Mercifully, she was quiet for the remainder of the ride… or as quiet as a spoiled ultralux girl could be, stuck in a less than savory situation. Emelie did her best to tune out what was happening, idly drumming her fingers against the armrest. She’d never wanted to get to her office more than this moment.

Seeing the PrivSec building come into view was pure relief. Only a few more minutes and she could change into a clean pair of pants. Just as good would be handing over this brat to her father and signing off on a successful grade B mission. That would certainly win some favor with her boss. The speed bump leading into the parking lot gave her one last unpleasant squish, eliciting a groan from Emelie as she felt the mush creep further up the back of her suit. Taarna had resorted to holding herself off the seat with her hands, a disgusted expression on her face. No sooner had the car stopped than Emelie was rushing out the door towards her office. “Drake, take the target to processing and handle the paperwork, the rest of you get cleaned up and take the rest of the day off.” she quickly blurted out, fleeing before anyone could question her order. ~~

It was an awkward run through the PrivSec lobby awkwardly tugging at the back of her suit. Mercifully, there wasn’t a line at the ID checkpoint and her biometrics flashed her through instantly. Early afternoon of a weekday meant the lower lobby was not as busy as it could have been, but still, people came and went… people that she had to run past, awkwardly trying to pretend she wasn’t running by covered in her own mess. The mad dash to her office was punctuated with more than a few dirty looks at the smell that quickly followed behind her. Muted comments about her not wearing protection reached her ears, but she said nothing, choosing instead to ignore them.

Arriving in the elevator she jabbed the button for her floor so hard she nearly broke it. "Please close please close..." she whispered under her breath, repeatedly pressing the button. The door quickly slid shut allowing her a moment of respite from the humiliation of her current situation. Turning her head she finally got a good look at her suit in the polished walls of the lift. Her combat suit was a disaster... What had started as a lumpy bulge distending the fabric of her suit had flattened and squished against her throughout the car ride. While the darkened urine stain had began to dry and fade an obvious brown had begun to seep through the fabric. Emelie groaned at how obvious it was. That wasn't the only problem; her thighs itched like crazy... it felt like she was getting a rash. Almost there... almost there... ~~

The elevator doors slowly revealed her destination. Wasting no time, she tore out of the lift walking as quickly as possible towards her office. Thank the heavens the floor seemed empty and Hagar wasn't waiting to ambush her the moment she stepped out. Her office door in sight; no one on the floor had caught her! The locks clicked open as she approached, and she threw herself inside, slamming the door shut. Panting for breath, she could hear a conversation coming to a pause. The color drained from her face. Joshua was sitting in a chair, leaning back and talking to Lynd, who was sitting on her desk. He turned the chair to face her and welcome her back.

"What the fuck are you two doing in my office!?" she blurted out. Pinching her thighs together, she held one hand in front of her groin in a hopeless attempt to hide her accident. Joshua wrinkled his nose as the smell hit him, Lynd fanning the air as she snickered at her misfortune. It had been just the previous day that she'd been caught in the same predicament. "Windows, open." Emelie barked. The panes of glass behind her desk cracked open with a quiet hum.

"I passed the aptitude tests." Lynd beamed, seeming unperturbed by Emelie's irritation. "That's great, but does not answer my question." Emelie said through gritted teeth, forcing herself to remain somewhat cordial. "Oh... I came to pick up Lynd, and figured you might want a ride too since your car's probably not done yet." Joshua spoke up. He was trying to be discrete about it, but she could see him staring at the wet splotch she was trying to hide as she made her way towards the wall she normally stored her suit in. "You..." he opened his mouth before she turned and glared at him. "Not... a... word... I know what I did." she said, her voice shuddering with embarrassment. Lynd couldn't help herself and giggled again at her misfortune. ~~

The wall folded open, revealing the suit she had worn to the office before changing into her combat uniform. A horrifying realization began to set in. How was she going to clean up? She had clean clothes to change into, but nothing to clean herself with. Running her finger down her chest, the material of the suit split apart under her touch. She immediately regretted the decision as the smell worsened, coaxing a small gag from the woman. “Um… isn’t there a shower you can use?” Joshua asked. “Joshua…I realize that you’re tactless, but I am NOT getting my shit all over an office shower!” she hissed in irritation.

“I just… we’ll have to figure something else out I...” she said with a frown, looking at Joshua for a better solution. “Think of something.” she snapped. “I’ll um… get you some paper towels… or something.” Joshua said awkwardly, standing up from the chair and making his way towards the door. Almost commenting on the large package of unopened diapers sitting next to the office’s door, he decided against it and quickly left. Emelie quietly whispered her thanks, looking longingly at her clean suit trousers. “What was that about being a grown woman and not needing those?” Lynd teased, reminding Emelie of how she had treated her in the morning for getting her own protection. Emelie bit her lip; it was tough to argue with her in the current condition she was in. “I’m sorry...” she spat, humbled in front of the younger woman. ~~

“Ahh, I’m just teasing you.” Lynd said, breaking out in giggles again. “Oh, and I’ve got good news! They assigned me to your team! I’m your new Watcher!” she beamed. Emelie groaned loudly in disbelief. “You cannot be serious.” she said. “Yup! I’ll be slicing for your operations. Since your team was operating without one for a while now, they offered me the spot and I said yes! Oooh, it’s so exciting! I never thought I’d be working for PrivSec!” she exclaimed, bouncing up and down with youthful exuberance. “I still have to go through orientation and some other junk but yeah, I’m totally psyched!” she beamed.

“That’s great Lynd...” Emelie said, looking and sounding completely nonplussed. “I just want to change!” she griped. “I understand...” Lynd said, her voice filled with empathy as she hopped off Emelie’s desk. The door opened and Joshua came back in. A large water bottle in one hand and a huge handful of paper towels in the other. “I did what I could and… your boss wants to talk with you. I told him you were busy and he seemed to buy it but he seemed irritated about something. I don’t know, Hagar always seems like he’s got a stick up his ass. Anyway… come on Lynd… give her some privacy.” Joshua said, beckoning the younger girl out after him. “We’ll be outside Em.” Emelie nodded, cheeks flushed. The door hissed open and the two left. “Finally...” she whispered, letting herself be overwhelmed by everything. Em let out a heavy sigh and continued with the terrible task that awaited her. ~~

Some twenty minutes later Emelie emerged from her office wearing her clean suit, looking very much the proud woman she normally carried herself as. “Alright, let’s get going… I’m famished.” she said. Lynd nodded in agreement. “Yeah! Me too, let’s get some food on the way back.” she exclaimed. Joshua shrugged. “Sure, okay.”

“Oh wait, I just have to take care of one thing before we head out.” Emelie said.

*060*2019-02-06 03:07

Oh, thanks PW. Missed your comment.

Just a disclaimer there's a male scene. Gf used one of her points from identifying a reference and requested it.

"I'll meet you at the car, just have to take care of something real quick. Seeing that package of garments by her door reminded her. She had to just suck it up... visit the doctor, apologize, and hope that she adjusted her continence ranking. Surely it had just been out of spite... the doctor had even told her that she showed exemplary continence...Before she'd lost her temper at her, anyway. Joshua shrugged "Sure, doesn't bother me." he commented, beckoning Lynd to come along. The younger girl frowned for a moment. Nonchalantly she pressed her hand against the front of her skirt, checking her padded undergarment.

"I'm...uh, thinking I'm gonna change before we go." she said with a hint of embarrassment shading her cheeks. "Suit yourself, I'll be outside." he said, shrugging and shaking his head as he walked off. Emelie had already disappeared into the labyrinthine hallways of the corporate structure. Looking up the location of the doctor's office through her implants, she quickened her pace. The sooner she spoke with the woman the sooner this nightmare would lessen. ~~(edited)

Fortunately, the doctor was in her office. Emelie hesitated, her hand hovering over the door; what if she said no? What if... she was stuck in those things... The door opened with a hiss before she had a chance to knock. The doctor immediately blanched upon seeing Emelie in the doorway. “W-wait, before you do anything rash, please let me explain!” Emelie sighed and stepped in. "I’m not here to cause trouble…" Her reassurance didn’t seem to assuage the mousy woman’s worries; through her facial recognition implant Emelie could see she was still very much intimidated by her presence. "I... wanted to apologize." she began. The doctor blinked in surprise. "I was out of line when I... lost my temper." Emelie began. Surprise... confusion... compassion... the doctor's expression instantly softened when she began her sincere apology.

"It's just been difficult accepting..." she hesitated again. "No, you don't need to say it." the doctor said with a remorseful frown. "I shouldn't have done what I did... I wasn't lying when I said you tested in the top percentile of all the women I evaluated." Guilt plastered her face. Clearly, altering Emelie's continence grade had not been an easy thing for the doctor. "I'm sorry... I'll change it to what it should be, and I'll send a note to your quartermaster about the mistaken grade. You'll be able to requisition the appropriate garments moving forward." she said with a hint of a smile. Emelie smiled back; fortunately that had been much less painful than she anticipated! "I appreciate your candor, doctor." Emelie said after a few moments of awkward silence. She nodded emphatically. "We really shouldn't be at each others throats right now... not with this sort of thing hanging over us." she said with a frown. Emelie grunted in agreement, her stomach growling with hunger. ~~

“Is there anything else I can help you with?” the doctor said with a deep breath, happy to have resolved the situation amicably. “Nah, I’m fine.” Emelie replied, moving towards the door as the doctor dismissed her. “Well, if anything else comes up, please don’t hesitate. I know this is a stressful time, and we in the medical branch are doing all we can to help.” she offered before Emelie disappeared out the door. Finally, she could put this day behind her. Drake had scrambled after Taarna after turning the ultralux girl at the front desk. The slicer hid it well, but working so closely for so long had fostered a deep, almost tender relationship between the two. Though there was nothing official, the two might as well have been dating.

By the time he’d caught up with her she was already in the locker room. Still wearing her suit, she was holding her head in her hands and sniffling. “Hey… hey, it’s okay.” he said quietly as he rushed to her side. The water from the showers echoed from the other room as he sat next to her, putting his arm around her shoulder. Taarna perked up somewhat, resting her head on his shoulder and wiping her eyes. “It… it’s not okay. I had an accident… in front of everyone… on a mission!” she said with a quiet sniffle. He sighed and kissed her on the top of the head. “Well, you saw the commander… she did it too, and the chief of DR security too… she had an accident” he said, trying to figure out some way to comfort her. “I guess… but still, I don’t think I’ve ever been more humiliated in my life.” she continued. “I know it’s not easy, but it’s not a big deal Taarna, you’re not the only one out there suffering from these... issues.” he said trying to put it diplomatically. ~~(edited)

She huffed “It is a big deal Drake! I’m sitting here with a load of shit in my suit like I’m a toddler.” she said, raising her voice at him. “And how would YOU know?” she said indignantly. He flinched; what she was saying had some truth to it. A terrible idea flickered through his head, and he stood, grabbing her by the hands and pulling her up with him. Taarna recoiled at the soggy, sticky noise her pants made when she stood. “What are you doing?” she asked him, starting to sound annoyed with his attempts at comforting her. “You just don’t get it...” she added. Drake shook his head and shushed her. Nothing happened. The two stood there looking at each other. Drake scrunched his face ever so slightly and balled his fists tightly.

It took a moment for her to realize what he was doing. It struck her as she looked down and saw a small wet patch blossoming on the front of his suit. She covered her mouth and watched with morbid fascination. It was extremely difficult to go against years and years of potty training. “You… you’re...” she said, wide eyed. She couldn’t turn her eyes away as the glistening wet spot rapidly increased in size, quickly encompassing the whole front of his suit before trailing down his legs. He moaned softly with relief as hot urine flowed down his thighs.

With his long hair, delicate features, and now sodden combat suit, he could have easily been mistaken for a woman. His bladder wasn’t the only release either. He let out a quiet grunt and gave one final push. A quiet crackle accompanied the hiss that was slowly losing its intensity. His eye twitched and after a moment he finally relaxed. “There, now you can’t say I don’t know what it’s like.” he teased. She wrinkled her nose as a new foul smell joined her own rank scent. “It… it’s not the same!” she said, punching him in the chest gently. “It’s not a big deal, see?” Drake said with a comforting smile as he spun around for her, showing off the noticeable bulge in the seat of his pants. ~~

Taarna went quiet and looked at her feet before throwing her arms around him, burying her face against his shoulder. He smiled and shook his head with a chuckle. “Come on, let’s get each other cleaned up.” Drake said, stroking her hair. “Noooo, I don’t want you to see me like this!” she said with a playful pout. “Too bad!” he said, picking her up with a squeal, carrying her towards the toilets. Joshua looked up as Emelie as she pulled open the door.

“There you are, thought you got lost for a minute.” he teased. Em rolled her eyes “I had to go to the other side of the campus. I was only ten minutes.” she said indignantly. “Fifteen, and I was just teasing you… you know you make it too easy right?” the scruffy man said with a chuckle. “Whatever, shave your goatee, you look like bum.” she retorted. Lynd started giggling from the backseat. Joshua laughed and shook his head, his ragged brown hair flowing with the movement of his head. “You’ve really got to work on your comebacks, Em.”

“Just go pick up some fast food. I’m famished.” she insisted. Lynd piped up from the backseat in agreement. “YES!” she exclaimed. “Normally I don’t condone eating in my car, but… I’ll let it slide this time.” he said as his car lurched into gear and sped from the parking lot. Joshua could scarcely believe just how much the two ended up ordering. His teasing words about fast food were ignored amidst the happy chomps as they devoured their meals. ~~

A message popped up on Emelie’s HUD, distracting her from the bounty of cheap, greasy food. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the sender… Aria. She hesitated, the feeling of shame from that night flooding back into her mind. Em took another bite before opening the message. ‘My little Murtaziq, we should talk. I want to see you again~ Aria’… straight to the point. Aria was always like that… She shut her eyes for a moment leaning back into the seat. It was fortunate she did… in a split second she suddenly felt the inertia of sudden acceleration shoving her back into the seat. The exhaust snapped and spit fire as the deafening roar overwhelmed the cabin.

“This little fucker.” Joshua shouted as Lynd let out a surprised yelp, splashing soda into her face as she was thrown backwards. Emelie barely held onto her food and felt a dribble of warmth trickle from between her legs. “Joshua, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!?” she yelled. “DO YOU WANT ME TO PISS MY PANTS!?” she continued angrily. Most of the traffic just disappeared behind them, but one car was barely managing to hang on.

“You’re a big girl” he spat back, gripping the wheel tightly as the car continued to hurtle forward. “This bastard has been fucking egging me on ever since we got on the freeway!” The roguish man swerved around a car going much slower than they were. Slowly he was managing to pull ahead, the whine of the other car’s exhaust paling in comparison to the snarling roar coming from Joshua’s red four wheeled monster. Emelie held on for dear life, gripping the handle above the window with one hand and clinging to the center arm rest with the other. “SLOW THIS FUCKING CAR DOWN OR SO HELP ME GOD!” she shouted. Lynd, having wiped the soda from her face, was now giggling maniacally as they sped down the freeway. ~~

The other car had all but faded into the rearview mirror. Joshua’s middle finger flew out the window, waggling at the distant car. “Fine, you big baby.” he said, sharply letting off the throttle. A chorus of crackles and pops burbled from the exhaust overrun. A fireball popped noisily, and just as they crested the corner’s apex an SCPD officer sitting on the side of the road came into view. “Oh… fuck me.” Joshua muttered… as the lights immediately illuminated and the sirens pierced the air. The sound of screeching tires was barely audible through the roar of the engine.

“Are you… are you still going!? Pull the fuck over!” Emelie shouted at him angrily, still holding on for dear life. “Do you know how much a ticket would be at...” he paused to look down at the speedometer. “One hundred and fifty seven miles per hour...” he said. The color drained from Emelie’s face. She stammered for a moment.

“WE’RE GOING ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY SEVEN MILES PER HOUR?!” she exclaimed in surprise. Joshua laughed “Yeah, fast isn’t it? That new tune is really something.” he said casually as the speedometer crept higher and higher. “I’m not fucking joking Joshua! This isn’t funny!” she shouted before he swerved around another car, narrowly missing the other motorist. Had she not been holding on tightly she would have been thrown against the window when he swerved around another vehicle. His car gave a slight wiggle, threatening to break traction before settling down. Joshua flicked a toggle switch on the dash randomizing the license plate, as if it mattered. Not letting off the throttle they continued to surge forward faster and faster. ~~

“If I was still SCPD I would arrest you myself!” she barked at him. “Em, calm down. It’s fine.” Joshua said calmly. Momentarily he removed his hand from the wheel and squeezed hers. She slapped his hand away “Put your hand back on the fucking wheel… and just so you know, I’m kicking your ass later.” Emelie spat. “Fair enough.” he chimed back. The original interceptor that had spotted them faded far into distance behind them, but the sound of sirens was slowly growing louder. “Um… Joshua?” Lynd piped up from the rear seats, craning her head to look out the rear window. “Yes Lynd?” he asked, as if everything was perfectly normal.

“They brought an air unit… just thought you should know.” the young woman said nonchalantly. Emelie folded her arms over her chest, relinquishing her deathgrip on the interior bits. She looked rather smug with the development. “Ready to give up?” she asked almost as if she was rooting for his capture. Joshua shook his head, shooting a fleeting smirk towards Emelie. “Lynd… you know how I said you shouldn’t slice anything for the wrong reasons anymore?” he said, having to raise his voice to be heard over the droning roar of the exhaust. She giggled and the swirling vortices of color in her irises began to pulsate faster as she got to work. 

“I already started~” she chimed in with a singsong voice. “Pull the vehicle over or we will be forced to use countermeasures.” the police aircar blared through a loudspeaker as it flew overhead, keeping pace with Joshua’s driving. “and set them down gently!” he felt the need to remind Lynd. Emelie rolled her eyes at the situation. Her eyes widened as she looked ahead and saw a car in each lane that would impede their path. “Oh no… no no no. Joshua… Joshua!” she exclaimed as he showed no sign of slowing down. At the last second he veered into the shoulder. The passenger side mirror smashed into the car, shattering into bits of plastic and glass in a fraction of a second. ~~

The sudden impact coaxed a surprised yelp from Lynd, who had been previously enjoying the wild ride. The pullup under her skirt warmed considerably as she dribbled from the surprise. Emelie flinched, feeling another jet of pee soak into the seat of her pants. She realized she’d started holding her breath after the sudden impact; finally she took another adrenaline fueled breath. “How’s that slice coming Lynd?” he asked. Outrunning an interceptor was one thing, but an aircar was another matter altogether. “It’s coming… it’d go faster if you stopped hitting things!” she exclaimed. “I only hit one thing!” Joshua said indignantly.

“Children!” Emelie interjected. “Slow down Joshua.” Emelie said after scolding them both. “Em, we’re in too deep. I already told you I...” he began before she cut him off. “No you dolt. I need you to get off the freeway. In...” she paused, checking the map of the surrounding area in her implant. “Four exits… try to keep us in one piece until then.” she said sardonically. Joshua pursed his lips but nodded. Lynd was otherwise preoccupied with the aircar’s security, a look of concentration blanketing her face. “Stupid cops updated their dumb security protocols. I’ve done this a million times before!”Lynd griped as Joshua shifted gears again, the exhaust spouting another fireball. “You’re a big girl, you can adapt.” Joshua shouted from the front seat. The blond haired girl let out a huff, blowing her bangs from her face before letting out a surprised “kyaaaaah!” as he swerved around another car, narrowly missing it and nearly throwing Lynd into the other seat. ~~

Emelie hissed, breathing in heavily after the near miss. “and watch out for that one… and the exit!” Emelie shouted. “Handling it dear.” Joshua said, sharply jerking the car back the other way. “annnd hold on.” he said suddenly. The two girls barely had time to react before he stabbed the brakes. The car pitched forward as he quickly scrubbed off speed for the offramp. Emelie nearly hit the dash and Lynd was thrown forward against Joshua’s seat. The tires squealed and smoke billowed as they shot around the offramp.

The aircar’s engines thrummed noisily overhead as it overtook them, unable to stop as sharply and turn as deftly as Joshua’s low slung car. Smoke billowed out from the rear tires as the tail slid out, pitching the whole car sideways. Emelie found herself holding her breath again, breathing once again when the car straightened itself out and they shot out of the exit. “Your chromashift paint still works right?” Emelie asked, giving Joshua a look. “Oh, yeah… I think so...” he said. The police overhead could be gaining back the ground they’d lost around the turn. “This is your LAST warning. Pull over or we will open fire.” a loudspeaker boomed from overhead. “Punch it you reckless fuck.” Emelie said with a smirk, pointing in front of them. “E block tunnel. Can’t follow us inside.” she noted. ~~

“I knew there was a reason we were friends.” Joshua quipped with a snicker as they made a mad dash towards the tunnel. “Get in the tunnel, shift the paint and turn around. Drive right back out past them.” she added. Joshua just nodded. Finally, Lynd piped up from the back. “Aha! I GOT IT! Take that!” she beamed with pride. Suddenly the noisy thrum of the aircar engines was slowly fading from earshot. “annnnd execute landing sequence. “Oh my goood that was such a chore. Trawling SCPD social media accounts to find a dispatcher to get the car ID that was chasing us, getting the roster list of who was piloting, stuffing passwords like crazy. You know, you two should really thank me.” she babbled on. Behind them they could see the aircar slowly descending.

“See Em? Not a big deal.” Joshua said in a cocksure tone. Emelie was most assuredly not amused, even if he was only half serious. “Let’s TRY to remember that we are supposed to be law abiding citizens.” Emelie chastised them both. 

“You know the speeding laws are fucking archaic here.” he said, flipping another toggle switch on the dash. The metallic red of the car flickered for a moment before slowly darkening. “That is not the point!” she said punching him in the arm after he turned the car around to leave the tunnel the way they entered. He winced from the punch in the arm. “I should kick your ass for pulling crap like this!” Emelie continued. As they exited the tunnel two SCPD motorcycles blasted past in the opposite direction. The tension in the car lifted and Emelie punched Joshua in the arm again. “For good measure.” she said. Joshua groaned in pain. “Point taken.” he hissed. “Just stop fucking punching me!” he said to which she responded simply “Then stop being such a bastard.” ~~

The adrenaline from the situation faded as a renewed calm seemed to settle in the car, now that they were no longer being chased by the police. She shifted in her seat, the clammy wet truth of her soggy situation was staring her in the face. Her butt was wet… quite wet… She looked down glumly at her lap; fortunately nothing showed on the front of her pants. Regardless, she’d just changed and when she got home she was going to need a shower. Emelie could still feel a vague need to relieve her bladder, but it wasn’t pressing… not after releasing a large amount into her pants and the upholstery underneath her. Maybe it was finally time to relent… just for now… she couldn’t keep denying reality.

What if her dwindling continence grew worse? These kinds of incidents could continue to get more severe. She stared out the window glumly at the thought of voluntarily wearing one of those brightly colored garments because she could barely keep herself dry anymore. She drifted back to Aria’s message, reading it once again. She wanted to write her back but she couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d done in the middle of Aria’s office. Emelie began composing a response, staring at the blinking cursor in her implant’s HUD. 

After a few minutes of nothing she dismissed the message; she’d write her back later. Now, she needed to look at options for… protection. That stupid euphemism. They called it something discrete and innocuous to spare her pride but then they made them in such girly colors and printed them with such childish designs. She browsed a few store fronts but all she saw… how could she bring herself to wear those. Emelie shook her head and shut her eyes; she could look later. ~~

A few minutes later she felt the car stopping. They had arrived home. “Well ladies, it’s been real. Oh, and Em, let me know when you can give me the money you promised.” he said. Emelie blinked and stared at him in confusion; it took her a moment to remember what he was talking about. “Oh, right… yeah, to cover your CBA. I’ll transfer the money tomorrow. Talent recruitment bonuses are usually paid out next day.” she said, opening the door. Lynd hopped out of the back seat after Emelie, waving to Joshua. “Byyyye!” she chirped. He just chuckled and waved back.

Emelie turned to look at Lynd as Joshua pulled away. “Don’t you have your own place?” Em asked. Lynd chuckled nervously. “Well, yes and no… mostly no” she began. The younger blonde’s answer did not inspire much confidence in Emelie, who just looked at her with a nonplussed expression. “Fine, just follow me.” she said plainly. Lynd nodded, following after Emelie. She took care not to say anything about the wet splotch on the seat of her suit pants. “I, uhhh...sliced my way into a wealthy couples apartment. It was up for sale and no one was living there. It was way overpriced anyway. Really, I was doing them a favor looking after it.” she said with a giggle. “Uh huh.” the agent responded; clearly she wasn’t buying it. “But now that I’m working at PrivSec I’ll find a new place closer!”

“See that you do. My hospitality only goes so far.” she said with a grunt, opening the door for them both. “I’m going to shower and take a nap. Do whatever… just don’t mess with my stuff.” Emelie said with a dismissive wave of her hand. She thought about asking Lynd for one of the pullups she had purchased this morning, but in the end decided against it. At home she should be fine. ~~

“Okidokes.” Lynd said with a shrug and went to plop herself down on the couch, flicking the TV on. Emelie left her to her own devices and trudged to the bathroom. A hot shower sounded glorious; it had been a trying day. Tossing off various articles of clothing as she walked towards the bathroom, she wrinkled her nose. The sharp smell of urine stung her nostrils. She groaned and disappeared into the steaming water for the next hour. When she finally emerged she paused, considering getting a bite to eat. She could hear the quiet din coming from the TV.

Instead, Emelie continued to her bedroom, plopping herself down on the bed and falling asleep in a matter of minutes. An hour? Two? She wasn’t sure how long it’d been when a gentle knock roused her from her sleep. “Um, Em? Someone’s here to see you.” Lynd’s voice came from the doorway. “She uh… let herself in.” An incomprehensible stream of grumbles came from the drowsy woman. She pushed herself up at a glacial pace, finally talking so Lynd could understand her.

“I’ll be there in a minute.” she dismissed the girl. Emelie rubbed her face with her hands, trying to wake herself up, not even thinking about who could have let herself into her apartment. When she finally emerged from her bedroom she was wearing a baggy pair of pants and a top that revealed a bit of her stomach. Maybe Aria had come to pay her a visit? She yawned, turning the corner into her living room. Lynd looked up and pointed towards the kitchen. “The scary woman is in there.” she said. Emelie blinked, scratching her head. “Scary woman?” she mused. On cue the same silvery haired woman popped her head up from rummaging through Emelie’s fridge. ~~

“How do you not have any Cadre cola?” she asked, throwing the door shut. “I don’t remember inviting you in.” Emelie said blankly. “You didn’t.” the silver haired woman said dismissively, as if she had the authority to go where she pleased whenever she pleased. “This isn’t a social call Blackstar.” she said, wasting no time getting down to business. The tight multi-toned leather uniform of the wraith squeaked ever so slightly as she walked around the counter to stand face to face with Emelie. Emelie grumbled under her breath. “I just finished a priority B mission, can’t this wait?” she said with another yawn. “Put on your big girl panties, I’ve got a potential lead, unless I was wrong in inviting you and you’re just like the other pants wetters.” she needled the proud woman with a smirk, tossing her silvery hair from her face.

*064*2019-04-05 18:56

Not dead and still going!

Emelie twitched with irritation. She wanted to tell this damn woman off, but even she wasn’t about to mess with a Wraith… that wouldn’t stop her from antagonizing her though. “Oh fuck off. Forgive me if I don’t appreciate people slicing the lock on my apartment and barging in.” she seethed. The silver haired woman shrugged; it was apparent she hardly cared. “It’s somewhere in your contract as a field operative for PrivSec. I can… conscript...any lesser ranking agent.” she said dismissively.

“I don’t think that counts for off the books operations not sanctioned by PrivSec.” Emelie countered, wandering over to her liquor cabinet. At those words Lynd looked up from whatever mindless drivel she was watching on TV. An off the books mission, that would get anyone’s attention. The Wraith caught her glance and narrowed her eyes causing the smaller woman to shrink down into Emelie’s couch.

Her eyes glowed faintly for a moment, as she identified the smaller woman. “Lynd Revest… just started today, hmm? I would suggest you pay attention to your little show.” she said, a hint of warning in her voice. She turned back around to face the tv and swallowed noisily. “Anyway, as I was saying...I have a lead, and I know you want to figure out what the fuck is going on as much as I do.” she enticed Emelie.

The raven haired woman stared back at her. “Well, what’s the lead?” she asked. The Wraith shook her head and wagged her finger at Em. “First, I need to know that you’re going to commit to this and not fuck me over.” she said coldly. You didn’t get to be a Wraith without a healthy dose of cautiousness. “You follow my lead, you do well? I’ll let you know more. I’ll start to fill you in. Just need to know you’re the kind of woman I can count on.” the Wraith said, watching Emelie as she stared back.

A tense few moments of silence before Emelie finally acquiesced. “Against my better judgment I’ll do it, but I swear if you barge into my apartment again like this I’m going to kick your ass.” Emelie growled, laying down some ground rules. The silver haired woman looked unperturbed by the threat, but there was a sudden brief anomalous readout of the wraith’s emotions. A brief flicker, had it said fear? She straightened her posture, glancing down, suddenly looking somewhat irritated for a brief moment before returning to her normal intimidating demeanor grateful the damp gusset of her panties wouldn’t soak through her form hugging suit.

"Are you at least going to tell me your name?" Emelie asked with an irritated tone. "I mean... I'll settle for bitch that broke into my apartment but that's a bit of a mouthful." she said in a scathing tone. The wraith just stared back at her and shook her head. "Nyx is fine, better off you don't know who I am." she commented dismissively. "and you can be..." she paused, waving her hand in a circle as if she was thinking. "Nemesis? No... Eris. Yeah, you're definitely Eris." she said.

Emelie stared at her blankly. "Eris?" she asked. "Code names... Old Greek Mythology from before the end." The Wraith explained. "You should read a book some time.." she chided the darker haired woman. Em clenched her jaw with irritation, glowering at the woman. Nyx cocked her head to the side, staring intently at Emelie. “Anyway, get dressed and be quick about it. I’ll be waiting in the hall.” she said, turning on her heel and waving Emelie’s door open with her hand.

She scowled, but on the inside was brimming with excitement. Hurrying back to her room past the confused looking Lynd she moved to her closet. This was a chance to work with a Wraith the true elite of PrivSec and for that matter… all of Sanam city. Clothes… she stared blankly into her closet rifling through the various outfits. From the hangars she grabbed a pair of form hugging leather pants and a jacket to go with it. Yanking off the sweatpants, she paused.

Rummaging through her underwear drawer brought butterflies to her stomach. Each flimsy, silken pair of cloth, once her only choice for undergarments, now left her with a vague unease. She swallowed nervously. What if she did *that*… in front of the Wraith? Emelie chewed on her lip, finding herself wishing for some form of protection. “No…I’ll be fine…” she said quietly, as if she could convince herself it was the truth. A somewhat risque pair of panties slipped from her hand as she shut the drawer.

Choking down her pride, she tugged up the sweatpants. With a fiery blush burning in her cheeks, she sheepishly returned to her living room. Lynd was as distracted as ever, sitting cross-legged on the couch. Emelie cleared her throat. It was a struggle to find her voice. “Lynd…” she began quietly. The younger girl blinked in surprise, turning to face Em. “Uhh, yeah?” she asked, glancing away from the TV for a moment before turning her attention back to the show. “I was wondering… if I could… borrow...one of your…protective undergarments…” she said. With each word her voice softened. Without her augmented hearing Lynd might not even have heard that she was asking for one of her pullups.

That got her attention. Lynd waved her hand and muted the TV. Breaking out into a fit of giggles, it took her a moment to compose herself. There was a certain satisfaction she felt about seeing Emelie come ask her for one of her pullups. With a haughty grin, she pointed towards the corner of the room. “Sure, they’re over there.” she commented. Emelie hurried towards the package, quickly yanking one out and dashing back to her room before Lynd could get another word in.

Unfolding the garment in her hands, she stared at herself in the mirror. The cutesy print adorning the garment added insult to injury. Kicking off her sweatpants, she sighed. Here she was, after going off on her squad about these damned things. Here she was about to wear one. Trading away her maturity for protection, she donned the garment. It wouldn’t be the first time; she vividly recalled the night Aria had forced her to wear one. This, however, would be the first time of her own volition.

Stepping through the leg holes, she tried to pretend it was just another pair of panties. The thin padding that encased her hips wouldn’t let her forget so easily.

Emerging from her apartment, she saw Nyx waiting for her as promised. The woman glanced at her, giving a scan of her outfit. “Let’s go.” she said curtly. The pair made their way out of the apartment building, Nyx leading the way. "We'll take my car, yours should be finished tomorrow." she commented nonchalantly. Emelie gave her a sidelong glance. The amount of information the Wraith had access too was a bit unsettling. Em knew about the vast PrivSec databases. Much of the information shared between the corporations was gathered by employers. As a PrivSec employee she had greater access than most, but in the past it was she who had leveraged it against targets. She wasn't comfortable being on the receiving end of such a watchful eye.

Nyx's car caused Emelie to stare for a moment. She didn't particular care about cars but she had to admit it was a very impressive looking piece of machinery. Black, low to the ground, sleek, angular but curved... it was hard to even describe. If Joshua could see it... he'd freak out. It made his brutish sports car look absolutely antiquated.The doors opened, a pale red light bathing the interior of the car. Even though she knew it was for optimal for low light situations, she couldn't help but think it made the vehicle look utterly sinister; she loved it.

"We don't have all night... we'll, you don't have all night." Nyx said as she lowered herself into the car. "Right, ahh sorry." Emelie mumbled, quickly entering. The slight bulk of the pullup underneath her pants brought a blush to her cheeks, she tried to ignore it. It was just another piece of equipment... The door slid shut on its own and she was treated to the advanced interior. Her blacked out armored sedan wasn't a cheap beater but this made it feel like one."What even is this?" she asked, running her fingers along a carbon fiber panel. "A corsair, issued to all Wraiths." she responded as if it were just another car when it was so clearly much more.

It even sounded different. the engine made a quiet almost alien hum on top of the sonorous exhaust note. Much more refined that Joshua's monstrosity... probably every bit as fast too. That thought was answered shortly as they rocketed out of the parking lot into the sparsely populated evening streets. The engine let out a banshee howl echoing off the buildings as she drove. Emelie paled, tightening her grasp around the door handle before the car settled into a reasonable speed and Nyx let the angular steering wheel fold away.

"Okay, a couple of days ago I was recovering trash for PharmaTek." she began. Emelie blinked "Uhh, recovering trash?" she interjected. Nyx shot her an unamused look for being interrupted. "Hardware slated for disposal, trash." she said with a hint of irritation. Most of her irritation stemmed from being sent on such a menial task rather than with Emelie herself. "I was as surprised as you are. It's what made me suspicious. A standard team could have recovered the truck with ease. Some low level gang took it, I don't even think they knew what they had taken or what they could even do with it." she continued. "When I came across them they hadn't even managed to open the truck yet." she explained.

Emelie pursed her lip. "So you think it's something to do with..." she let the question hang. Nyx nodded "PharmaTek manufactures the Serum series line of anti-rejection drugs. What could be in there that's so important they would contract Wraith level services to retrieve a truck full of trash? Something they can't risk getting out into the public." Nyx hypothesized. "So I sliced the locks and blamed it on the gang. The truck is sitting in a staging area waiting for a PrivSec escort to the disposal area."

"Uhg..." the Wraith paused to rub her stomach. "I'm so fucking hungry again." she said. It was apparent she had quite the temper. Though... that was evident earlier when she'd been tearing apart the doctor's office. "This has just been miserable lately." she griped, letting down her professional shell for a moment to complain about personal matters. "Yeah... I could eat again." Emelie agreed reluctantly.

A quick stop made for Emelie's second helping of greasy fast food for the day. It was so bad but oh so good. The stare from the drive through teller greatly amused her though. Soon after gorging themselves on cheap food they were back on track headed to... well Emelie had no idea but Nyx knew. The Wraith wiped her mouth with a napkin, waving her hand again. The dashboard illuminated projecting schematics and blueprints into the air. "This is the layout of the staging area... are you paying attention? Pay attention." she said, catching Emelie staring out the window up at the faint glow of the aurora centralis. "Oh... right, yeah." Em quickly corrected herself.

"Guards are regularly stationed here, here, here and here." she began, speaking quickly. "They traverse the perimeter every ten minutes. When I was dropping off the truck I stole a badge that will let us infiltrate here." she said, gesturing and pointing with each new piece of information. Emelie could barely keep up. "You'll have to keep the door open for me otherwise exfil will be... difficult." she continued. "Wait... you're using me as a doorstop?" she asked, pursing her lips. Nyx gave her a nonplussed look at the question. "The badge I took will open the door but once the request goes through their SIEM system it'll likely trip an alert and a guard will go investigate and the badge number will get locked. So yes, I'm using you as a doorstop. A door stop that has to incapacitate any guards that try to shut the door." she said sharply.

Her team had complained on more than one occasion that Emelie liked to stress the details but this was another level. The minutia in which Nyx covered the building and plan was staggering. She even listed off which windows were borosilicate reinforced compared to which were standard soda lime glass. It was almost too much to take in. Emelie just nodded every so often as she covered her plan, doing her best to pay attention. It was a simple plan, guard the door. Nyx sneaks in, visits the truck, figures out what they were hiding comes back out... simple. She didn't interrupt, not wanting to upset the Wraith.

"Got it Eris?" she asked. Emelie stared at her for a moment before nodding. "Yeah, should be simple." she responded, running her hand through her hair. Nyx didn't seem convinced... Fortunately she didn't press her for the details she'd given her. "Good." she responded professionally. Waving her hand the projection disappeared and Emelie found herself with incoming files. Accepting the transmission the blueprints they had just been covering along with various notes. Emelie rolled her eyes, if this was what being a Wraith meant she was glad she never pursued it. Basically becoming a slave beholden to the company; no thanks... though the car was pretty nice... All of the perks didn't stop Nyx from dirtying her pants just like Emelie though.

After the briefing, the two sat in an awkward silence. With the car driving itself, Nyx leaned the seat back and shut her eyes. Emelie glanced at her, staring for a moment. Wraiths were spoken about in hushed tones. Some Privsec employees didn’t even believe they existed, yet here she was sitting next to her. Emelie opened her mouth, ready to make small talk. Everything that came to mind, however… she decided to shut up.

Apparently Nyx had seen her staring, and cracked open one of her eyes. “Can I help you with something?” she asked plainly before shutting her eye again. “No… well… I was just wondering how long you’ve been a Wraith for. What kind of implants do you have? Is it true that you have a kill-switch?” she found herself asking, the questions flooding out. There were more she could have asked, but she quickly shut up after that.

Nyx chuckled; it was a low, almost synthetic laugh.”Technically, those first two are classified. Well, I say classified, but it’s not like I even know the first one. They wipe your memory before you become a wraith; no lingering attachments, you know?’ Emelie’s jaw dropped; she’d heard rumors, but...Nyx continued, unperturbed. “Let’s just say...a while...and as for my augs? Better than yours… much better than yours.” she said with a hint of amusement. “As for the kill-switch? No, don’t be stupid.” she admonished. “There are other safeguards in place.” she said dismissively. “Again, classified, and to be honest? They don’t tell us either.” she said with a wry grin, “Probably a good idea, or we’d try to get around it. They say every Wraith has a different safeguard, but I have no idea.” she shrugged.

“I answered your questions, now-” Nyx began with a hint of snark to her voice.“Sort of…”, Emelie mused. “As I was saying...How long have you been with the company?” Nyx asked. It was obvious that wasn’t her real question. She had access to that information in the PrivSec records at a whim. Emelie was smart enough to infer what she was really asking. “A few years.” she began. Glancing out the deeply tinted window, another one of those wretched, glaring advertisements caught her eye. She shifted in her seat, once again reminded of what she was wearing.

“I was PD before.” Emelie continued. Nyx nodded “I know.” she commented. The Wraith’s eyes began to flicker and glow. An image was being projected from her ocular implants, floating in front of her face. Emelie paused, distracted…she was lingerie shopping! Bralettes and negligees flashed on the screen as she scrolled through the digital storefront. “Uh, well yeah… like I was saying. I was PD before but it just wasn’t for me. Call it greed or whatever.” Emelie continued. “So you left for the money?” Nyx asked, glancing away from browsing for a moment. “Mostly, yeah… and don’t laugh, but I thought I could make a bigger difference taking bigger jobs.” she admitted, slightly embarrassed by her younger self’s naivete.

“No no, I get it. It’s bullshit, but I get it.” Nyx teased. “I like to think we make the city a better place.” Emelie said. It earned a shrug from the Wraith. “How noble of you. I guess it makes sense, what with your parents and all.” Nyx commented. Emelie’s expression darkened at the mention of her past. “Yeah, well, at least I know who they were; that memory wipe you wraiths get sure must bite, huh?” she spat back. Emelie thought she saw Nyx’s eyes widen for a fraction of a second and immediately regretted her outburst. But it was only for a second. She wasn’t even sure it had happened; suddenly Nyx was chuckling and putting her hands up in mock surrender.

“Yeah, it sures does.” she conceded, sounding almost wistful. The silence that set in afterwards was painful; Emelie desperately groped for a change in subject. Nothing came, and the silence seemed to draw on longer and longer. Emelie contented herself with watching the city pass by through the window. Eventually sleep found her and she lazily dozed off to the alien hum of the car’s grav-engine.

An hour later maybe, she felt a gentle shake on her shoulder. She wasn’t quite sure how long it’d been. Her HUD read midnight; what time had she fallen asleep? It didn’t matter, they had a job to do and were slowly approaching the location. “Wake up, we’ve arrived.” Nyx’s voice roused her. She rubbed her eyes letting out a tired grumble. “I’m up I’m up.” The mirthful tone that had suffused the silver haired woman’s voice earlier was gone. In fact, there wasn’t *any* tone at all...

“Is this what Wraiths are like on missions?”

She thought back to the rumors she had heard in her first weeks and months at PriveSec; about the hypnosis and neuro-implanted autosuggestion that Wraiths supposedly used to better sync with their implants.

“Does she even recognize me right now, or am I just assigned as her “squadmate?”

The thought was more than a little unsettling.

As expected, the warehouse was quiet. Nestled in the heart of the 3rd industrial zone, it looked just like every other building in the vicinity. Emelie knew though, that what was contained within could potentially blow this case wide open! At least... that's what she hoped. The car slowly passed by the front of the warehouse. Inside the cockpit of the car the windshield and side windows were identifying guards, pinging on the screen giving a readout of who they were, what weapon they were holding, and baseline threat assessment. Emelie was floored as it picked out guards she hadn't even seen with her enhanced sight. "Focus.” Nyx chided as she saw her gawking. Emelie just nodded, noting what she could as they rounded the corner.

"Leave that." Nyx began, gesturing at the large sidearm strapped to Em's hip. "Unsilenced. Unacceptable for this mission." Nyx continued as both doors silently opened, allowing them to disembark. Reluctantly, Emelie left her trusty hand cannon in the car; stuffing it underneath the seat.The doors shut in unison behind each woman, and with a quiet, metallic whir the roof of the car began to part. A faint woosh of moving air and each panel seemed to launch from the roof! Two drones shot off into the night sky. "Can I have the feed?" Emelie asked. Nyx shook her head. "Negative." she said, opening the trunk. She retrieved a boxy looking handgun, racking the slide back with a not-quite-as- satisfying click of a polymer frame. Nyx flipped it around in her hand, holding the shroud as she handed it to Emelie. She held it tight as the raven haired woman tried to take it. "Only if necessary." she lectured. Emelie nodded in understanding and Nyx relinquished the gun.

It was surprisingly lightweight for how chunky it looked. The firearm synced with her implants effortlessly, the PrivSec icon flashing on her ocular HUD for a moment. "The Murmur?" she asked, seeing the name of the gun in her hud. Taking a shooting stance she tested the sights. "Subsonic rounds, integrated baffling, gas compression venting " Nyx explained flatly, grabbing one for herself.

Nyx checked her own firearm, yanking back the slide and letting it snap shut. “Ready?” the Wraith asked. Emelie nodded, clenching the gun tightly. “Yeah, I got it. In, out, simple. I’m just the doorstop.” Emelie said wryly. Nyx stared back at her, emotionless. It was an eerie thing when the expression analyzer registered nothing… “Copy that.” she said before moving quickly towards the building. The way she moved looked effortless, and she hardly made a sound. Emelie was good, but… she felt like each step was a thunder crash compared to the silent gait of the Wraith. Maybe she should have taken those inertial compensators…

They reached the side of the building in a flash. Emelie hadn’t noticed it at first, but as they approached the street lights around them all darkened. In fact, it wasn’t just the street lights in their vicinity; darkness had set in up and down the entire block. It wasn’t just a coincidence...

Just like the blueprints had shown, they followed the edge of the building until it cut into an alleyway. Nyx held her hand out for a precise amount of time before continuing. They made it to the door, already Nyx had the pilfered id badge in hand. Before Emelie could blink the door was open and she had disappeared into the confines of the warehouse. Emelie ducked into the doorway, stopping just as she was inside and just as she was told wedged her boot into the door so it wouldn’t shut. “No movement.” Nyx’s almost robotic voice echoed through her implant. The surprise of suddenly hear her voice loosened her hold over her bladder and she could feel a few errant drops of urine dampen her pullup. She hadn’t even shared coms with her but… she should have expected it.

“Copy.” she responded back simply. Now for the boring part, playing doorstop. Even as boring as such a simple job was there was still an element of excitement to it. Working with a Wraith! Just the way she moved, knew every single detail of the battlefield, seemed to calculate for everything; it was extremely impressive. On guard duty, Emelie flicked through the variety of sight modes available to her. She kept her cochlear implants on maximum amplification, listening for the slightest hint of a guard approaching the door.

Meanwhile in her apartment, a curious Lynd watched everything. She had even made herself a nice bowl of popcorn to devour during the show. As Emelie’s team watcher she had access to tap into her augments, access to her vitals and all sorts of other information. “Boooring” she grumbled, contemplating going to sleep. “Come on Em, do something exciting.” she told the TV through which she was viewing Emelie’s sight. Curiosity of what Emelie was up to kept her glued to the feed.

The seconds passed, quickly blurring into minutes. It wasn’t that far? Damnit, how long did Nyx say it was going to take her again? Emelie chided herself for forgetting. She was a Wraith, she could handle herself. So far… nothing, not a peep. Maybe she’d just been overly cautious about tripping the SIEM. All that precaution and planning and not even a peep from the guards, probably just lazy contracted low rent security.

A message popped up in her hud; Aria… Emelie bit her lip, nothing was going on. She glanced around, peeking her head out the door into the alleyway. Silence… Greedily she opened the message, imagining she could smell Aria’s perfume. It sent a tingle racing down her spine. ‘I know, you’ve been busy. I’ve missed you at the club~ A’ the message read simply. Aria was never one to beg or mince words. She was direct, to the point; a quality that always seemed to make Em weak in the knees. What to write back though, this was always the difficult part. How not to seem so eager but not completely disinterested…

After thirty seconds of indecision she messaged her back. ‘Yeah, work, you know.’ silently cursing herself for writing something so boring. ‘Oh? You’re awake? I thought my Murtaziq needs her beauty rest.’ Aria teased. ‘I don’t always go to bed early!’ she immediately shot back, getting flustered by the teasing. ‘I’m just teasing dear. I know not everyone has the glamorous opportunity to party all night at their own club. You should come by tomorrow if you’re not too busy~’ Aria continued. ‘I know you’re embarrassed about what happened, but you shouldn’t let that come between us.’ the woman wrote.

Emelie blushed, hazy drunken visions of that night she’d made a fool of herself flashing back in her mind. Uhg, she’d made such a mess of her pants and right when things were getting hot. She groaned quietly at the memory, pausing before she wrote back. ‘I know, I’m sorry. I’d rather not talk about that, but I think I’ll be free tomorrow. Probably just doing paperwork in the office.’ she wrote back, finally finding the confidence to see Aria again. ‘Oh good good, just in case you lose your nerve~’ she wrote back. A picture loaded a second later with a gratuitous shot of Aria’s cleavage between her suggestively unbuttoned pinstriped blazer. Emelie felt the heat rising to her cheeks as she stared at the picture. Another dampness began to leak into her padding at the sight. ‘Oh fuck yes’ she wrote back without a second thought. ‘Do you want to see more?’ a simple question was posed to her next.

‘Yes…’ Emelie sent, squirming her thighs together in anticipation. ‘Promise me you’ll come by tomorrow~’ Aria laid out her demand. Emelie couldn’t respond quickly enough. ‘I promise I promise!’ she wrote, her breathing heavy with lust. Another picture appeared with the next button undone. God Aria was such a bitch for teasing her like this! Another picture and another button undone. Emelie bit her lip to stifle a moan, barely resisting the urge to grind her hand against her womanhood. The penultimate picture appeared, her blazer hanging completely open, but her shirt still covering her chest for the most part. A final picture came through. It made Emelie light-headed just looking at it. The way her shirt hung open exposing her voluptuous chest and smooth, toned stomach; it was maddening.

“Oh fuck…” she whispered under her breath, allowing her hand to graze her womanhood. Electric ripples traced through her body from the touch. She didn’t even mind the pastel colored waistband that was sticking up above her pants just barely visible. Damn it… why did she have to come on this dumb mission when she could be fucking right now! ‘One more’ Emelie begged. Glancing around again greeted by silence she jammed her hand between her legs shutting her eyes. The next picture floored her, standing just wearing her unbuttoned shirt Aria stood nearly nude… except for the thick crinkly diaper around her hips and judging by the faint sag in the garment it was soaked. It wasn’t quite what Emelie had in mind but at this point… she didn’t care.

With her mind elsewhere she didn’t notice the Wraith returning from her objective. “What are you doing?” the voice sharply asked. The rude startle away from her erotic exchange with Aria elicited a gasp. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs as she jumped in surprise. A gasp wasn’t the only thing she let out unfortunately. Regretting having greasy fast food twice today, the hand that’d been mischievously placed between her legs shot to her bottom. A wet mush crackled and oozed into her pullup filling the crevice between her cheeks with a filthy paste. She groaned and clenched her muscles barely managing to stave off a full blown accident. The damage was done however and between her legs felt significantly warmer and wetter. “Oh fuck…” she hissed, squeezing her thighs together. Emelie was still peeing, she could feel the hot rush from between her lips soaking into the pullup she’d thankfully thought to wear.

“This is not the time nor place. I could hear you breathing from around the corner.” she hissed. “I… I’m fine I... “ she said though labored breath, the stream of urine tapering off. Forced to recover her composure, still in an aroused daze she pushed the door open… straight into one of the security guards. “Wait!” Nyx had hissed at her only a moment’s too late. “Hey! Freeze!” he barked. Obviously he’d come to investigate the door. He scrambled to raise his rifle but Emelie was already grabbing it. She yanked it from his hands and still holding it by the barrel, bashed him over the head with the stock.

He wavered on his feet before slumping to the ground. Emelie panted heavily, the sudden surge of adrenaline coaxing another few dribbles of urine from her. “Move.” Nyx stated as she walked past her. Emelie watched, she could see a darkened wet stain that ran down one of her legs past the knee. The Wraith had wet herself at some point, they’d both done it… Emelie even doing a little worse. She hesitantly probed the seat of her pants with her fingers. At least it wasn’t obvious… nor had it leaked.

Nyx placed her thumb and pointer finger over his eyes. There was a pulse, sparks, his body twitched for a moment. “Eris, exfil.” she said in that almost robotic monotone. “What did you d…” Emelie began to ask before Nyx cut her off. “He’s fine.” she said, moving quickly along the wall they had entered past. “Did you find anything?” Emelie asked unable to help herself. Even through her emotionless state Em could have swore Nyx was starting to grow annoyed. “Debrief in the car.” she responded curtly.

Emelie nodded following after the Wraith. It was a short dash back to the car. As the doors opened for them the two drones Nyx had released earlier swooped out of the night sky once again becoming part of the car. With a wet squish Emelie sat down, wincing at the sticky feeling of her own effluence smeared against her bottom. The smell became immediately noticeable as they shut the doors and sped off. Emelie looked around for a moment, trying to find a window switch; she couldn’t… “Could you um… crack the window.” she asked, cheeks hot with embarrassment. Both windows automatically cracked open no sooner after she asked.

“Thanks… so… what did you find?” she asked. Nyx held a finger out at her, she needed a moment. She took a deep breath, her eyes fluttered for a moment before turning to stare at Emelie. The Wraith stared her down for an uncomfortable length of time before finally speaking. “If I tell you what I saw, you’re tied to this, tied to me.” she said ominously. “No more careless behavior like that.” she said with a faint growl. The pit of Emelie’s stomach felt heavy. She swallowed dryly “I’m in.” she said hesitantly. Nyx continued to stare her down, scanning her face for a few more uncomfortable seconds. “Okay…” she said, taking another deep breath.

“Serum four… a lot of it.” she said, furrowing her brow. “The manifest stated fifteen hundred liters of the stuff. Processed, palletized and ready for consumption. All slated for elimination. A hundred and fifty thousand vials and I don’t think this was the only shipment they were destroying.” she said with a frown. Emelie pursed her lips in thought. “They’re destroying it?” she asked. Nyx nodded. “Do you remember the three to four transition?” Nyx asked. “It was a while ago but yeah… oh you probably don’t remember. Three was available at a discount everywhere… for quite a while.” she mused, thinking back.

“They’re getting rid of their four stockpiles even though there might be an issue with five” Nyx postulated. “What if they’re deliberately poisoning us…” Emelie said. The thought instilled a sensation of ice running through her blood. She could see that Nyx was thinking the same thing. Emelie shuddered at the thought. “What would they have to gain by that....” Nyx said, dismissing the notion. “The Corps have always been good to us.” she continued. Emelie nodded “yeah… I guess you’re right… I don’t want to believe they’d do anything like that.” Emelie said with a hint of sadness.

“Did you get any other leads?” Em asked after a few moments of silence between the two women. “There was a signature on the manifest. I’m scouring the PrivSec database for the name now. Might take some time.” she said. “I’m going to shut my eyes for a while… I’m exhausted, gotta recharge.” Nyx said, slumping back in her chair. A small panel slid out of the center console and the silver haired woman rested her hand on the panel. Emelie watched, probably some sort of induction charging plate. “It’s set to head back to your apartment first.” she said, stifling a yawn.

Emelie was too wired to sleep. All she could think about was the conspiracy they had uncovered… if there even was a conspiracy, she had to remind herself many times. But… what if it was? She kept asking herself, what would the Corporate Council say if they found out PharmaTek was poisoning them? What if… what if… what if… She had so many questions, finding the truckload of Serum4 hadn’t exactly given her the answers either of the women sought and like all great mysteries it had only given her more questions.

It had been a taxing day and Nyx’s advanced car devoured the miles. Approaching Emelie’s apartment she glanced over at the woman who was now lightly snoring. She was still very much human but… more. The cutting edge of augment technology, and here she was snoring. The thought momentarily brought Emelie out of her paranoid delusions and brought a quiet chuckle to her lips. She shifted in her sleep, letting out a whimper. Apparently they still dreamt as well. They were back in her neighborhood now, only a few minutes away from Em’s apartment.

Nyx let out another whimper punctuated with a disgusting wet fart. Was she really going to… Emelie wrinkled her nose as the smell momentarily assaulted her nostrils. There was an unconscious grunt from the sleeping woman’s lips. She was really going to have a bowel movement while she was sleeping! Emelie stared in morbid curiosity. It made sense… if it was the Serum causing their issues someone like Nyx would be on a much more frequent regimen of the stuff.

There was another burst of gas from the woman’s bottom. Lying on her back as she was Emelie could see anything but she could hear it. That squelchy crackly noise of a hot mass being excreted into her clothing. At least Emelie hadn’t gotten that bad yet but… was it only a matter of time? Nyx tensed and another burbly fart rose through the mush being pushed into her pants before audily finishing with a solid sounding log with a noisy splortch.

Emelie was glad her apartment was starting to come into view as the cabin began to smell rather potent despite the cracked windows. Still Nyx slept, blissfully unaware of the waste she was now sitting in. A thin trickle of urine ran down the groin of her suit soaking into the seat under her.

When the doors opened she quickly disembarked. Nyx suddenly sat up with an audible squish, eyes wide with horrified realization. “Let me know when you find that person.” Emelie commented hurriedly as she shut the door behind her walking towards her apartment, breathing in the fresh air. Tugging at the pullup that was now plastered to her ass by her own mess she grimaced, desperately wanting nothing more than to shower and go to bed.

Mercifully, Lynd was asleep on the couch; sprawled out, the blanket threatening to fall off. Emelie snuck by, making a beeline towards her bathroom where she could undress and find herself once again under the hot rejuvenating waters of her shower. The mottled brown stain on the seat of her pullup made her chide herself. She could do better, she had to do better! At least she didn’t have a complete accident and could finish emptying herself on the toilet before stepping into the shower.

After her shower she left her clothes and soiled pullup in the bathroom; too tired to clean up. She barely even had the energy to dry herself off. Stumbling into her bedroom finally the day caught up to her and she collapsed face first on the bed falling asleep within a few seconds.

*067*2019-10-18 05:26

No I'm not dead! Nor is this story! Just needed a little break and then editing took a while but alas, I present to you the latest chapter. Also with some fantastic art of our main protagonist having a bit of an accident in her light blue suit by our good friend Hwcm.

&&

Without any further ado, the next chapter.

The alarm in her aural implant vibrated, the time flashing red across her eyes, earning a groan from the still sleepy agent. What time had she even gone to bed? Still laying motionless on her bed she grunted, checking her bio-records. Three hours of sleep… “Wonderful.” she griped under her breath. At least today would just be paperwork and taking care of business in the office. Something was different though… something was normal? Her eyes shot open as she felt the sheets under her. Dry?! They were dry! Of course they were dry! Emelie leapt out of bed without a second thought dancing with excitement. “I did it!” she exclaimed proudly. Keeping her sheets dry at night seemed like an odd thing for the woman to be proud of, but in these trying times she’d take any victory she could retain.

Emelie’s sudden jubilation proved to be a bit too much stimulation. She froze, feeling a sharp jet of urine warm her thighs. She let out a subdued yelp, awkwardly pinching her legs together. The flow stopped as she regained tenuous control of her bladder. As she desperately hobbled towards the bathroom, spurt after spurt ran down her legs, leaving a glittering trail of liquid on her floor. In her bathroom the rancid stench of her dirty pullup made her gag. Wet warmth dribbled over the hand wedged firmly between her legs. Each step loosened another gush, liquid trickling down her muscular legs. Her morning mishap slightly dampened her mood but still, she hadn’t wet the bed! For the first time in a week now she’d woken up with dry sheets!

The proud woman reveled in her childish accomplishment as she finished emptying herself in the toilet. Glancing down at the pullup she swallowed her disgust at the brown stained garment; she’d have to do something about that. A knock at the door interrupted her revelry. “I need to shower, I’m soaked...” Lynd’s voice came through the door. “Okay okay, I’m almost done.” Emelie called back as she methodically wiped herself. That news brought a smirk to her face as she stuffed the dirty pull-up into the trash bin, loosely covering it with some discarded tissue paper.

Emelie opened the door, looking smug despite the damp path leading from her bedroom to the bathroom. Arms folded over her chest, she stood in the doorway staring down at the shorter woman. “I woke up dry.” Emelie announced smugly. Lynd didn’t look amused by her host’s attempt to lord her continence over her. “Great… move...” she grumbled, wiping the sleep from her eyes. Lynd recoiled in disgust as she moved closer to the bathroom. “Doesn’t smell like you did...” she mumbled. Emelie huffed, blushing faintly. “That was from last night before I got home.” she said defensively before moving out of the doorway “Whatever… I don’t care. I just want to shower.” the girl whined as she shuffled past Emelie. Lynd’s pullup made a wet squish with every step.

Back in her room she rifled through her dresser; who needed those humiliating things anyway? She’d be fine just sitting around the office, maybe taking a bit of a nap at her desk. Show them all that she deserved her A-ranking in continence. She plucked another of her suits from the hangar, back to professional wear. Black with gold stitching, and a matching vest underneath. A bold choice for PrivSec, but she was feeling in her element this morning.

Once dressed, shoulder holster hidden away under her jacket, she wandered into the kitchen where a steaming cup of coffee awaited her. While Lynd showered she reclined on the couch, flicking on the news with her implants. An attractive, platinum-blonde newscaster read the morning headlines, a stock ticker running across the bottom of the screen. “...and in a shocking late night revelation PharmaTek has acknowledged an unintended side effect of their latest Serum revision, which became publicly available just over a month ago. Their chief researcher, Dr. Howard Takemura, has indicated that he will be stepping down due to his involvement.” the woman began, doing her best to remain professional and hide her discomfort. Emelie leaned forward in her seat, eyes glued to the television screen as she listened. “He remained tight-lipped with details, but assured us that it is not life threatening. Here’s a clip of the press conference now.”

The clip showed a sharply dressed man standing in front of a podium, his short salt-and-pepper hair slicked back. He cleared his throat “Regretfully, I have come to make a public acknowledgement that PharmaTek is now aware of an unfortunate side effect stemming from the Serum-5 series of anti-rejection products. While we don’t yet have all the facts, I want to stress that the side effects are not life threatening. Serum-5 is still extremely safe for the vast majority of the population.” He paused, and before he could continue reporters were already barraging him with questions.

Emelie watched intently; she couldn’t remember the last time she’d even paid attention to the news this closely. She was already clenching her jaw. The crowd of journalists continued: “Can you confirm the side effects for us?”, “Is it true Serum-5 is causing widespread incontinence?”, “Does pharmaTek have a roadmap to fixing Serum-5?”, “Are there plans to reissue stores of Serum-4?”, “How do you respond to the accusation that PharmaTek has been suppressing discussion of Serum-5 effects on the net?”

The questions came at a rapid pace one after another. Emelie could barely discern what was being asked. Takemura cleared his throat, taking a moment to adjust his tie. “Once again, I would like to reiterate that Serum-5 is extremely safe for the vast majority of the population. PharmaTek is dedicated to the safety of all our customers, and we will work with all haste to correct the Serum formula.” he began, speaking over the throng of reporters. Silencing their audio with a wave of his hand he continued. “We’ve observed light to moderate bladder and bowel incontinence in women. At this time, we’re unsure of why this dichotomy exists, but are exhausting all options to determine a cause, and further, a resolution.

“Mild...to moderate?” Emelie looked as if she might hurl her coffee mug into the TV.

Takemura continued: “Unfortunately…” he paused, a strange look crossing his face for the briefest of instants, “We have no remaining stock of Serum-4, and anticipate a 3 to 4 month delay before we’ll be able to produce more.”

Emelie nearly spat out a mouthful of coffee. He was lying! He was fucking lying! Emelie saw it for herself… Well, not with her own eyes, but Nyx had seen it! If that shipment was any indication of things, PharmaTek still had plenty of stock left over. What had been loosely postulated conspiracy theories the night before now didn’t seem so far fetched… “...and I would like to extend our deepest apologies to any of our customers whom this issue may have affected. I sincerely hope you will bear with us while we work to make this right.”

Shards of porcelain pricked her skin as the mug shattered in her crushing grip. Emelie winced as razor thin lacerations quickly formed on her hand. “Fuck!” she cursed, leaping to her feet shaking her hand. It was all bullshit! Why would he blatantly lie to them?! Anger gripped her, fear gnawed at her, but mostly icy cold betrayal washed over her. How could PharmaTek lie to them? Maybe that shipment was just a fluke. The corporate agent desperately tried to rationalize what he was saying.

Her thoughts drifted back to one of her prouder moments of her life. Applying to the corporate training project for private security forces. Among all the applicants she had been selected among a select few others to join the elite ranks of the private security world. Thinking of how proud she’d felt sickened her, the taste of accomplishment turning to ash in her mouth.

It didn’t make sense. She’d gone to a PrivSec-funded school. PrivSec patrols kept the neighborhoods safe, PrivSec grants helped her father buy their home. “Why would Privsec…” she mused. The television shut off as she walked in a daze towards the kitchen. “Why…” she murmured. The cold tap water stung her wounds as murky red tinged water pooled in the bottom of the sink. Emelie plucked a few shards of her mug from her hand before shaking it dry.

“What is it, what’s happening?!” Lynd darted out of the shower, the younger woman’s hair still wrapped with a towel. “You were screaming…oh shit, your hand!” Lynd exclaimed. Emelie’s head jerked towards her, eyes wide. “Here, move!” Lynd acted quickly, grabbing the dermal spray as Emelie seemed to stare blankly at what she had available. “I can do it myself.” Emelie snapped at her, holding her hand out. The spray stung as much as the cold water. “Other side.” Lynd demanded. Em flipped her hand over and another quick spray soon followed.

“Stupid handle broke off my mug.” Emelie mumbled. Lynd stared at her skeptically. “Ooookay.” she said, wrapping her towel around her chest. “I’m going to get dressed, then we can get going.” Emelie just nodded at the other woman, curling her fingers a few times. The spray set quickly; her hand felt a little stiff, but no worse for wear.

Stepping back into the hallway a notification finally caught her attention. A message from PrivSec mechanical services.She glanced it over through her implant. Her car had been fixed! She briefly glanced over the invoice. It was all just a formality but she was curious. What it all meant she had only a vague inkling, She’d ask Joshua to explain it once and the resulting lecture had put her to sleep. It had been sent back some time during the night and was waiting for her in the parking lot! Granted, it wasn’t anything like Nyx’s Corsair but it was hers… and it meant they didn’t have to get a ride from Joshua or take a share car.

After a few minutes spent gathering her thoughts Emelie rejoined Lynd in the main room just as she was tugging up her skirt. She briefly saw the disposable pullup before it was concealed by the skirt. She scowled for a brief moment, recalling what the chief researcher said during the press release. Doing her best not to think about it she beckoned Lynd to come along. “I’ve got my car back, so we don’t need to wait for that reprobate.” Emelie said with a chuckle. Lynd pouted “I think he’s nice...and kind of handsome too.” she added. Emelie rolled her eyes “Keep it in your pants.”

What Emelie wanted more than anything was to call Nyx and discuss what she’d seen with her. She had no idea how to contact her though. Emelie would just have to wait until the mysterious silver-haired super soldier contacted her again; hopefully sooner rather than later. With her car set to autonomous Emelie reclined her seat, folding her arms over her chest. From the corner of her eye she could see Lynd repeatedly glancing over at her. She rolled her head to the right. “What do you want?” she asked.

Lynd seized the invitation. “I have to know what you and that Wraith were doing last night!” she said excitedly. “At first I was going to ask her but she told me not to and I’m not dumb enough to try to mess with a Wraith but anyway I was watching tv and then I remember that I could tap into your implants as your team watcher since you left the connection open but it was just some boring warehouse but her car was soooo cool and she peed her pants… I can’t believe a Wraith really peed her pants!” Lynd exclaimed, finally stopping to take a breath.

Emelie let her head fall back against the headrest, massaging the ridge of her nose between her fingers. “It’s honestly better if I don’t tell you Lynd.” she said, hoping that would placate the inquisitive girl. She cursed herself inwardly at forgetting about the implant share for team watchers. It had been a few weeks since they lost theirs. She must have forgotten to turn it off at some point. “Oh come onnnnnn” the blonde girl pestered her.

Emelie stared at her, eyes narrowed with irritation. Lynd on the other hand mustered the cutest puppydog eyes she could manage. “Please~” she cooed. Emelie continued to stare at the young woman, Lynd’s color changing irises swirling with excitement. Slowly, she raised her seat to a more upright position. All the while the city passed by outside. “We’re figuring out what’s going on.” she said curtly. Lynd stared at her dumbly.

”Don’t make me say it… why we’re all… you know…” Emelie said awkwardly, gesturing at her groin. Lynd’s face lit up as she understood. “Ooooh, I see. Sooooo, what did you find out?” she asked, prodding for more details. Emelie held her finger up. “That’s it. If I told you any more...I’d have to kill you” she said with a wry smirk

“You’re not funny…If you’re not going to tell me, the least you can do is stop so I can get some food. I’m starving, and you don’t have any food in your fridge.”

“Yeah, me too.” Emelie grunted in agreement. She changed the waypoint used by the car’s autodrive function to the nearest passable fast food location. Lynd didn’t look all that enthused about having fast food yet again but the hunger nagging at her stomach kept her from complaining. A quick transaction later and the pair were filling their stomachs with another greasy meal, washing it down with generous gulps of coffee.

The monolithic PrivSec building came into view. Before, it had filled Emelie with a sense of responsibility, purpose, power. This morning was different, she stared at it with unease before reprimanding herself for being paranoid. “Alright friendo, I’ll see ya after work. I’ve got my eyes on a place, so I’ll stop crashing on your couch.”

Emelie glanced over and her and nodded as Lynd departed the vehicle. She sat in her car for a moment longer, just staring up at the towering onyx structure. The tickling buzz of an incoming call vibrated her inner ear. The ID shown in her implant was blank… she already knew who it was. “Nyx, did you see that press conference?” Emelie asked.

“I did...” she responded simply. “I pulled strings to head up security.” she said in a disinterested fashion. Of course she’d been there in person. “Then you already know that his story do...” Emelie began before the Wraith finished her thought. “Doesn’t add up in the slightest. Yes, I’m perplexed by the official statement given what we found. It’s clear there’s still stockpiles of Serum 4… He seemed to know it as well. I’m not sure what to make of it yet. Still looking into that ID… things are slower when you can’t just use PrivSec resources to search. I’ll contact you with our next move… you should probably get to work instead of sitting in your car...” Nyx said evenly.

Emelie blinked as the line went dead. “Great… good talking with you.” She rolled her eyes. How that woman acted…for as strong as she was. She seemed almost more machine than woman, and it made Emelie sick to her stomach. Nevertheless, Nyx was right. She checked the clock before scampering out of her car, heels clicking against the pavement.

As always, the lobby was just getting busy as the early risers filed in for work. It was just like any other morning… well, almost. Two sharply-dressed women stood around, idly gossiping. The odd detail wasn’t obvious at first, but Emelie spotted it quickly. They were both thickly diapered… There was a faint bulge in their slacks, and the way it really accentuated their ass… The pair must not have scored well in their exam to be put in something so thick. As she walked past she could hear the noticeable crinkling of the thick plastic garment as she shifted her hips. “I’ve got to go change, I’ll see you later.” the taller of the two told her friend before departing. Emelie couldn’t resist curling her lip in disgust.

She cleared security and headed deeper into the labyrinth, reminded of her own needs as breakfast was quickly catching up with her. “Too much coffee...” she lamented, holding her stomach with her hand and giving it a gentle rub. Knowing how bad things were lately it’d probably be best to go sooner rather than later.

Her interface flashed, grabbing her attention. A firmware update? The download was finished in a few seconds. Usually they took at least a minute. Emelie perused the notes, reading over the changes and wondering if there were any nifty new features. It shouldn’t have come as a shock to her. Now featured for all female agents: TSM… Her eye twitched with irritation when she saw a subtle icon pop up towards the bottom of her vision. The toileting status monitor… She could barely restrain her irritation with the new update foisted upon her! She was a grown woman, she didn’t need an implant telling her when to use the bathroom!

Emelie huffed, her already sullen mood considerably darkened. Hagar was already waiting for her, and he didn’t look happy to see her. “My office, now.” he said when she was within earshot. What was going to be a simple day of paperwork and data entry was off to a rocky start. Emelie swallowed dryly and followed him. This was not the tone she expected from her boss after completing a priority B mission.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he drawled. He hadn’t even waited until they were in his office to start chewing her out. She didn’t have an answer… she didn’t even know what she’d done! “I swear to god you, and Veronica both can be such a pain in my ass.” He pulled a cigarette out of his pocket, and lit it with an integrated lighter in his fingertip. Emelie had to resist the urge to sneer at the mention of Veronica, a fellow squad leader whom she often butted heads with. The two women were more similar than either of them would care to admit.

Blowing a cloud of sweetly-scented smoke directly into Emelie’s face, he waited to see if she had anything to say for herself before continuing. She twitched, but said nothing. “I’ve got the Department of Compliance all over my ass because of the shit you’ve been pulling the past few days. They’re talking about disciplinary actions if I can’t get you to start following the rules.” He paused again, taking a deep drag on his cigarette and tapping the butt into a star-patterned ashtray. He rubbed the bridge of his nose between two fingers. Emelie could only stare at him with a perplexed expression. “The… Department of Compliance?”

A vein on Hagar’s temple pulsed noticeably. “You haven’t been reading the emails… I can’t believe I’m about to have this conversation with you. I didn’t ever think I’d need to talk to one of my agents about something I talk to my six year-old daughter about.” he said, shaking his head as if he were fed up at the whole situation. The door hissed open behind Emelie. “In.” Hagar said curtly .

Hearing the heels tapping on the ground Emelie instantly knew who it was. The two women gave each other venomous looks as the other team leader sat next to Emelie. Hagar poured himself a small drink having retrieved a bottle from a drawer in his desk. He didn’t offer any to Emelie or Veronica, instead offering them a reproachful look. The two women wilted, shifting awkwardly in their seats as they waited for him to speak.

He cleared his throat after gulping down the amber liquid. “Emelie, I’m going to start this conversation by saying good job. B grade missions aren’t anything to take lightly.” he said, giving the black-haired woman hope this conversation wouldn’t be so bad. She shot a confident smirk towards her rival. “And your team had one last week, Veronica, so kudos to you.” he continued, the brunette rebutted the smirk with one of her own.

“But that being said… this isn’t about mission performance, it’s about following orders! No matter how… ridiculous you might find them!” he scolded the two women, raising his voice. Veronica shrank in her seat and Emelie averted eye contact. “You and your teams both get the job done, but this is unacceptable!”

After a brief pause he waved his hand in the air. Holo-projectors clicked on, displaying a myriad of pictures from their respective missions. Both women turned crimson at the humiliating evidence that was being presented. Having chosen to forgo their protective wear, the results were obvious.

A myriad of shots from all different angles showed the two women on their respective outing. Both blushed scarlet, seeing the obviously soiled combat suits. Emelie cringed, glancing away from all the images projected above the desk. Veronica reacted similarly, averting her gaze at the humiliating pictures.

Hagar leaned back in his chair, exhaling sharply before gulping down another glass. An awkward silence fell over the room as the two women squirmed in their seats. Emelie grimaced, feeling the greasy breakfast disagreeing with her stomach. ‘Oh, not now…’ she whimpered quietly. Veronica was otherwise occupied with a damp splotch between her legs, having spurted into her professional outfit when he’d raised his voice.

“The Department of Compliance…if either of you had bothered to read your emails, is the department you’ll both be reporting your…training...to.” Hagar explained. “Training?” the two asked in unison. “Do I really have to spell this out for you…? PrivSec has an image to uphold, and we can’t have you running around…like that…” he paused to gesture to the pictures before dismissing them, deciding the two women had been embarrassed enough by the incriminating photographs.

“You know, under the revised section of the employee handbook I could give you both a spanking as choice of discipline…Seriously though, I’d advise you both read it and wear whatever assigned protection you are. Sentinel and…” he paused to check his notes. “Vanguard, respectively. There’s talk of fines and even suspensions if you don’t comply with the new rules. Bottom line, I don’t want to have to tell you again.” he said gruffly.

Emelie’s attention began to wane as her situation rapidly grew more desperate. She couldn’t even gloat when it was revealed she qualified one rank higher than her rival team leader. A painful gurgle twisted her insides. She grimaced, scrunching her face in pain. Maybe if she could release a bit of gas she’d be able to hold it, maybe the pain would subside a bit.

Trying not to squirm in her seat she clenched the armrests, digging her fingers into the supple leather padding. A bead of sweat ran down her brow as Hagar continued to lecture her and Veronica. Another gurgle caused her to lean forward, a grimace twisting her lips. Fortunately, Hagar was distracted lecturing them, and Veronica was preoccupied with keeping her thighs clenched tightly together to keep the splotch hidden.

The indicator in her HUD was flashing red, telling her she needed to go to the restroom. She just had to release some gas. Biting her lip she quivered, lifting her hips to one side ever so slightly. Carefully, she stopped resisting the painful gassiness. The disgusting muffled sound that resulted would have been comical; she might have even laughed if she wasn’t definitely pooping.The unmistakable oozing sensation of her panties being filled brought a gasp to her lips. By the time she managed to stop she could feel a squishy lump in her panties.

Emelie’s fingers dug into the padding as she felt her anus quiver and twitch, pushing another sticky lump into her panties before she regained control. “Why are you both still sitting there? You’ve got jobs to do!” Hagar snapped at the two women, slamming his fist against his desk. Veronica flinched, another lengthy spurt of urine dampening her trousers. At this point she was certain she was sitting in a small pool of her own urine. The hot liquid continued to pool beneath her until the flow finally tapered to a stop.

Likewise, Emelie gasped in surprise, feeling a wet gush dampen her own panties. A familiar quivering sensation threatened to make the mess in her pants even worse. Both women quickly got to their feet, rapidly scampering away and doing their best to walk normally. Behind them they could hear the muffled exclamations of their boss, likely finding the small puddle Veronica had left on her seat. The two of them quickly picked up the pace, heading straight towards the bathroom.

Normally they would have been at each other’s throats sharing harsh words, but…united in their embarrassment, the only sound between them was the clicking of their shoes on the polished floors. Arriving at the restroom, the two stared in disbelief as a figure stood out front. Construction signs clearly marked the restroom closed. A member of the construction team looked apologetically at them. They could see his eyes looking at the wet splotch creeping down Veronica’s thighs, and his nose wrinkled at the foul smell coming from the back of Emelie’s pants.

“Renovations…” he began awkwardly, forcing his gaze away from their obvious accidents. “But they set up a-” he was interrupted by the sudden grinding screech of starting machinery, followed by a loud crash of something shattering. Veronica jumped at the sudden noise. The rear of her slacks started to sag as she emptied her bowels in mild fright. He pursed his lips turning his back to them so he could shout back inside. “Hey, I told you to be careful with that auger!” Emelie could feel warmth trickling down her inner thighs, but her HUD indicated that it’d just been a small leak, only a few milliliters at most.

“Like I was saying, the DoC set up a changing station in conference room C that you might want to… um… yeah…” he trailed off awkwardly. Veronica's face turned a bright red as she gingerly reached behind her, feeling a soft mound that had accumulated in the seat of her pants. Normally Emelie would have delighted in Veronica’s humiliation (and there was still some part of her that did), but given that she was in the same situation, all she could do was blush in concert with her rival, who had a distinct waddle to her gait as she walked towards the conference room.

“The Department of Compliance…” she whispered under her breath, making her way to her office instead. If Hagar was to be believed she was already in enough trouble with them, showing up like this aside… she let out a small shudder as she slipped into her office, locking the door behind her.

Again, she was faced with the same issue as she had been yesterday. What was she going to clean up with…? A lavender and pink pastel case caught her attention. True to the doctor’s word, the correct garments had been delivered to her office. At least she had something to change into since these panties were ruined...

“Lynd… Lynd” she hissed through her implant, dialing her through the team link menu. The bubbly young woman answered lazily. “Uh, yeah, what is it?”

“I need…” she paused, taking another deep breath. “I need you to bring me some changing supplies.” she hissed. “I… had another accident.” she admitted, swallowing her pride. “But apparently I’m already on thin ice with the DoC, so I can’t go to their changing station.” the blushing raven-haired woman explained. There was a moment’s silence before giggling ensued. “Fiiiiine, give me like, I dunno. Ten minutes?” I’m running some diagnostics.” the slicer offered, getting a begrudging “fine” from Emelie.

She paced around her office, a pronounced waddle in her step. “Hurry up hurry up…” she grumbled, pausing to tug the sticky, soiled fabric of her slacks away from her smeared bottom. “What is taking her so long...” the impatient woman moaned, gesturing towards the windows of her office for some much needed ventilation. It had already been precisely ten minutes and still there was no Lynd to be found.

The door to her office hissed open and in snuck Lynd. The expression on her face said something was up. “That was crazy! Like… I thought I was going to get caught and in trouble just for… uhg… you really stink.” she said, fanning the air in front of her nose. “Shut… up.” Emelie hissed at her through gritted teeth. “I know that it smells!”

Lynd just snickered at her. After how insufferably proud she’d been at not wetting her bed this morning, this was a welcome reminder of the degrading situation they shared, no matter how hard Emelie tried to fight it. “Just… give them here.” she said, waving her hand at her. Lynd complied… almost. At the last moment she snatched the package back. A howl of immature laughter came from the younger girl. The agent twitched, seething with irritation. Seeing the look on Emelie’s face, Lynd swallowed nervously. Wisely, she handed over the package of wipes and left without another word.

Once the door had shut behind her, Emelie slowly began the arduous task of cleaning herself up. She removed her blouse and jacket to make sure they didn’t accidentally get soiled with her waste as she cleaned up. With the dexterity one would normally reserve for disarming a particularly irritable bomb, she slowly removed her pants in an effort to save them from ruin. They were damp, and some of her mess had smeared from her thigh. A little work with the wipes though, and they’d be… wearable.

She took a deep breath, turning around to look at herself in the mirror. Dressed in only her heavily soiled panties and bra, she examined the sagging bulge. A heavy sigh escaped her lips; another pair of panties thoroughly ruined. The package of protective pullups stared back at her from her desk, mocking her with their cutesy designs. “Disgusting...” she muttered. She hated herself for letting her thoughts drift, but she couldn’t help thinking of the pictures Aria had sent her last night.

There was no one in her office… she clenched the elastic waist of her panty and gave a slight tug. Unable to stop herself, she let out a subdued moan at the sensation. The warm squish… as disgusting as it was, she couldn’t deny the tingle it sent through her hips. “Enough playing around….” she muttered to herself, banishing the dirtier thoughts from her mind as she finished undressing, removing her filthy panties before she made a worse mess.

Cleanup was, as ever, arduous...to say the least. It seemed like there was no end to the sticky poop that coated her backside. Just when she thought she was finished, a wipe would find a missed spot of filth, tarnishing the innocent white a gross mottled brown. Countless wipes later, it was finally time to don her new undergarments, foisted upon her by the unrelenting corporate structure in an attempt to cover up her own potty problems.

The plastic packaging tore open easily enough, revealing the tightly packed disposable garments contained within. Plucking one of the infantile pairs of protective wear from the bunch, she unfolded the sides and tugged it up one leg at a time. Like the previous time she’d worn something similar it was noticeable but…mercifully it was not one of those bulky monstrosities she’d seen advertised.

With the wipes and soiled panties disposed of and her slacks hanging over the edge of her desk to finish drying, she fell into her seat with a sigh. “I’ll wake up any minute… any minute now and it’ll all be just some twisted dream.” she said with a sardonic, biting laugh. Swiveling in her chair she stared out the window, sitting in her office with nothing but her huggies around her hips.

The monotony of doing paperwork set in. As soon as her pants had dried enough she’d redressed, feeling a sense of normalcy returning, even if it was undermined by the padding between her thighs. Cups of coffee, water, and snacks kept her going throughout the day, and getting up to hunt for a bathroom as well. With the bathroom on their floor closed for renovations, the extra time spent trekking to the floor above or below brought some extremely close calls. By the time she’d started her personnel performance evaluation, the gusset of her pullup was noticeably damp. There was a part of her that was glad for the protection, loathe that she was to admit it. Had she not been wearing them, it would have left her with a noticeable wet splotch on her pants.

The paperwork dragged on, and with the incessant urges to use the toilet progress was slow. By the time she finished it was nearing eight o'clock. The sun had long since set, and the pale glow of the aurora lit up the sky. Despite the actinic glow of advertisements that pulsed throughout the city like neon blood, it was still visible. She gave a spin in her chair and huffed hair from her face. Lynd had come and asked her if she was done hours ago. Said something about Joshua coming to pick her up instead.

Giving another spin she shut her eyes, rubbing the sides of her head before coming to a stop, facing the holo projected images above her desk. Just a little bit more and she’d go relax with Aria at the club. She was also eager to change out of the now bloated and swollen pullup squishing beneath her. The clammy padding was all the more impetus to finish up.

Finally after another thirty minutes, the last of the mission reports were finalized and sent away to Hagar and whomever else would be reviewing them. All sorts of teams whose job it was to make sure the PrivSec units operated at peak efficiency. Standing up from her chair, she gave a quiet yawn before wriggling out of her pants. She poked a finger against the sodden padding. It felt so much thicker compared to first putting it on. The bulk of the swollen absorbent gel rebounded against her fingertip, spreading her thighs apart.

With the last cup of water asking for relief she shrugged. Spreading her legs slightly she relaxed the hold over her bladder, feeling the warmth pool into the already wet garment before it could be absorbed. The hot liquid surrounded her sensitive mons for only a teasing moment. She was too tired to go hunt down a bathroom again, and it was already wet…it wasn’t like it was an accident. She was still in control, she purposefully used her pullup…it was different…right?

She tore off the sides of the spent garment and set to work with a wipe, cleansing her flesh. There was some irritation around her groin. Sitting in a damp diaper hadn’t done her skin any favors. Emelie gave an agitated growl at the beginning signs of diaper rash. She remembered laughing at the notion when perusing some of the DoC propaganda that had come through her email. “Diaper rash...” she grumbled, tugging on a fresh pullup once she was satisfied that she no longer smelled of urine.

Finally free of her duties, she stretched as the door to her office shut behind her. There were still people about; the building was never empty, but compared to midday it was practically silent. The construction crews had long since ceased their work for the day and the constant click of heels upon polished floors was eerily absent. Making her way back to her car, she gave one last look back up at the testament to corporate strength before starting her night.

Collapsing into the plush leather seat of her sedan, she input the address of Aria’s club and let the autonomous system take control. The car navigated the congested streets on it’s own whilst she perused some of her favorite storefronts on the net. Stifling another yawn, she raised her hands above her head and arched her back. “Going to need an energy drink.” she said sleepily. It didn’t take much longer for her to find herself restlessly napping.

Emelie awoke with a start. Her car had suddenly lurched to a stop. Her eyes widened; fortunately the seatbelt kept her from flying into the windshield. She glared at the younger pair who had walked out in front of her car. Where a groggy exhaustion had been in control before, she was suddenly wide awake. “Pay some fucking attention!” she cursed at the pedestrians, who in turn returned the favor, flying their middle fingers at the startled woman. Tempted to get out of her car and beat their asses, she decided against it.

Besides, Club Sin was right there. Feeling reinvigorated she exited the car, letting it ferry itself off to find a parking spot. She smirked as the pair quickened their pace, seeing the intimidatingly dressed woman depart her car.

Straightening out her vest, she was waved inside. As one of Aria’s VIPs she’d never have to do anything so mundane as waiting in line. She waved to one of the security guards she often saw working. Wandering inside, it was the same Club Sin that always welcomed her back. Shockwaves of bass rattled the walls, along with the smell of smoked serum, liquor and… was that… urine? She wrinkled her nose, wandering inside. “Aria’s in her office.” a feminine voice told her as she walked by one of the employees. She simply smiled making her way towards the bar.

“Substation… make it a double.” she asked with a toothy grin. The adrenaline from the sudden stop was rapidly wearing off. A caffeine-filled alcoholic drink was just what the doctor ordered. Emelie watched the bartender mix the drink. Truthfully, she couldn’t say what was in it, but she knew it tasted good and gave her a kick in the ass.

The neon-yellow drink was placed in front of her. Whatever chemicals they dipped the rim of the glass in couldn’t be good for her…but the tingly sensation was worth it. She took a sip, coughing at the intense burn. Maybe a double wasn’t the greatest idea. She choked down another gulp.

“Surprise~” a voice whispered in her ear. Emelie jumped, instinctively whirling around and nearly throwing her drink into the air. Aria stood there with a hand covering her mouth, laughing maniacally. “I thought you were in your office.” Emelie spat at her. Aria smirked “I told them to tell you that, a little payback from last night.”

Emelie couldn’t stay mad. She smirked before breaking into laughter. “That’s fair. I suppose I deserved that. I’m going to kick your ass later though, regardless.” she said, pointing her drink at the darker skinned woman. Aria stood there in her slinky dress, stylish jacket pulled over her shoulders. “Oh, I’m so scared, my little murtaziq.” she teased.

Emelie stepped forward, wrapping her arms around Aria’s neck and pulling her close. The smell of liquor was already heavy on her breath. “Those pictures you sent me last night were really sexy~” she whispered, a lusty growl in her voice as she nibbled on her ear. “I’m glad you appreciated them. Would have been better if you were here, but I understand the busy life of a super soldier.” Aria continued to tease her as Emelie rolled her eyes. “I’m hardly a super soldier.” she said dismissively.

Aria paused, pursing her lips for a moment. “Come.” she said curtly, marching towards her office. Emelie blinked in surprise, taking another sip from her energizing drink as she followed. The quick lift took them to the upper floors where Aria led Emelie into her office. Her assistant was already there. “Senya.” she snapped her fingers. “I’m in need of a change.” she said sternly, moving into position and laying down on the coffee table which now… doubled as a diaper changing station, apparently.

“Do you need a change as well dear?” she asked, glancing up at Emelie, whose cheeks turned bright red with embarrassment. “N...no, of course not.” she pouted. “Suit yourself.” Aria said matter of factly, with a dismissive grunt. With her dress hiked up Emelie could see the absolutely soaked garment taped around her hips. She could see droplets of liquid coalescing on the leg gathers, threatening to leak if she dared release her bladder again. Seeing an opportunity to gain the upper hand over Aria she moved into position, holding her hand out as Senya approached with a fresh, thick diaper.

“You’re soaked! Did the little girl have too much to drink?” she teased, holding her own drink. Unlike Aria teasing her it sounded forced, rigid. Despite the awkward powerplay Aria still blushed, giving Emelie a dangerous look. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten about the mess you made in my office… in your pants” she said, her voice melting into a saccharine sweet tone. Emelie nearly choked on her drink as Aria brought up the night she’d been hoping to forget. “Th...that was just an accident! But this… did someone forget to use the big girl’s room?” Emelie persevered, not giving up so easily. She even went so far as to press a hand against the sodden padding, squeezing a few drops of pee onto the table.

Senya stared at the two, unsure if she should leave while they played their little game. Aria rolled her eyes, lifting her foot as she pressed dexterously against Emelie’s padded groin, coaxing a sharp inhale from the standing woman. “Stopping to use the restroom would have slowed down business, and unlike a certain little girl I know, I’m not proud enough to go without what I clearly need.” she said, kneading her toes against the front of Emelie’s slacks. “Now, sweetie, mommy needs a diaper change.” she said with an air of finality. Emelie trembled, resisting the urge to rock her hips against Aria’s delicate foot. She begrudgingly took a step back, allowing Senya to take her place.

Aria paid little attention to what was going on, checking on her business through her implants while Senya tended to her saturated padding. The heavy garment was removed and handed to Emelie. “Dispose of this, please.” her assistant requested. Emelie carried the heavy diaper to the trash, letting it fall with a wet plop into the bin. She could scarcely believe how heavy it was. By the time she’d turned around, Senya had already taped Aria into a fresh diaper.

Standing up, she let her dress fall back into place, straightening it with her hands before smirking at Emelie. Tonight didn’t seem like a night she’d be able to get the upper hand… She swallowed the rest of her drink setting the glass on her desk. “Senya, if you would.” Aria asked, pointing at the glass. “Of course, Miss Mouzaya.” she said, rushing past Emelie and plucking the glass from her desk on her way out.

“Pants down.” she said firmly. “I want to see if you were really telling the truth about not needing a change. After all, I can’t have you running around my club and piddling on the floors again.” she teased, her smirk growing more and more predatory by the second. Emelie folded her arms across her chest giving a defiant look. Too late. Aria was already within arm’s reach, grabbing at her slacks, tugging them down before Emelie could grab a hold of them.

“Oh, how utterly adorable.” Aria teased as the childishly printed pullups came into view. “Are those your new standard-issue battle pants?” she continued, not showing any mercy. Emelie groaned, covering her face with embarrassment. “Shut up!” she snapped at her as she continued to work her slacks down until they were around her knees, her padded panties on full display. “Hmmmm” Aria announced as she fondled her between the legs. “You’re a little wet, but… you’ll be fine so long as you don’t have an accident. Make sure you tell mommy if you need the potty.” she said, getting in one last dig, reminding her what happened when she was challenged.

Emelie kept her face covered with her hands as Aria tugged her pants back up, giving her a playful swat on the backside. “Come on, let’s go dance, cutie.” she said, taking her hand in her own, dragging her out into the club.

*069*2019-10-19 00:45

Thank you, also another picture of our proud heroine from the opening chapter done by jtarlipes. and I just wanted to throw out if you enjoy this kind of content, fear, wetting, soiling, humiliation and want to join a small discord group of like minded artists and authors send me a message!

And an advertisement from this new world.

More art coming soon!

*070*2019-12-25 20:31

I come bearing christmas gifts. Some fun little statistic cards of all the leading ladies done by a good friend of the Council LeakyPanties. As well as a new chapter below, enjoy.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

Music, lights, alcohol lowering her inhibitions. It made it easy to lose herself and just dance with Aria. The biggest distraction was the drink she’d imbibed earlier making itself known. The irritatingly familiar sensation of a full bladder tried to coax her away from the dance floor, but Aria was having none of it. Each time she stepped away or glanced towards the restrooms, Aria seemed to pounce. Circling around behind her she would wrap her arms around Emelie’s chest and nibble on her ear. Or, she’d teasingly run her fingers down her back and squeeze her ass.

“Come on Aria, I need to take a break.” Emelie said nervously through their private channel. Aria’s eyes glittered in the pulsing light of the club. She had the look of a predator on her face again. “Fine, I’ll get another drink. Run along to the potty.” she said after a moment. Emelie was surprised she relented, expecting more of a game from her. Blushing at the toilet being referred to as the potty she kept her mouth shut lest Aria change her mind.

Squeezing her way through the throng of dancing bodies Emelie retreated from the dance floor. It was moments like this that weighed heavily on her. She contemplated the impacts the changes had on her life so far. Always feeling like she needed to be close to a bathroom, undermining her confidence in general, worrying about her male coworkers taking her seriously and of course… the obvious. There was a line outside the women’s room. The line wasn’t too long fortunately but still… she would have preferred not to wait at all. Emelie glanced over her shoulder towards the men’s room.

“Shit!” the woman in front of her gasped, suddenly jamming her hands between her legs. A brief change into thermal sight confirmed the obvious. She was using her diaper and the woman two places ahead of her appeared to have already soiled herself as well. Emelie sighed, feeling a sympathetic twinge in her bladder coax another dribble into her padding. The leak caused her to straighten up. She inhaled loudly, clenching her thighs together in an effort to preclude the leak from turning into a deluge. “Fuck it.” she hissed under her breath. Screw waiting in this line… Marching towards the men’s room she threw the door open as waves of desperation began to grow more urgent. The toileting status module icon in her implant was once again starting to flash. Bladder capacity eighty-nine percent full!

She groaned, opening the door. Having to pause to get a hold of urges she thrust one hand between her legs to hold herself. The damp sensation reminded her of earlier in her office… when she’d just flooded her pull-up rather than trudging to the bathroom again. She could just do that again… Emelie, tempted by the thought shook her head as the stalls came into view. No… already she could feel her cheeks burning red with embarrassment at the memory of earlier. The few men inside stared at her for a moment as she hobbled past them. One opened his mouth as if he was going to say something but a sharp glare preempted any attempts at conversation.

The bathrooms were surprisingly quiet, thick sound deadening material dividing the sleek restroom from the rest of the noisy club. Ninety-one percent… the icon was really flashing now. Kicking open the door since both hands had become jammed between her legs revealed the porcelain throne. Urgency spiked seeing relief within her grasp. A long guttural groan escaped her mouth as she felt a slow trickle starting tickle her lips. Emelie could feel the soft padding starting starting to warm beneath her fingers. Ninety… eighty-eight… eighty-seven percent… it took all of her strength but with the help of a childish potty dance she managed to stop pissing in front of the stall.

Stepping forward triggered the toilet to prematurely flush. A sudden noisy gush of liquid as water was sucked away. The agent froze in place, her quivering muscles buckled at the roaring rush. Eighty-five… eighty-one… seventy-six… sixty-eight… She was pissing, forcefully into her sentinel, feet from the toilet. An extended “nooooo” left her lips as she watched the meter as it continued to fall lower and lower, her protection growing warmer and wetter. Emelie stood there, in the stall, hunched over as she helplessly emptied her bladder. As the stream of urine continued to flow from between her legs she wondered just how much urine could one woman hold.

Fortunately her pullup held for the most part. A solitary rivulet ran down her thigh before soaking into her pants. When it was finally over, she had to take a moment to catch her breath. “Fuck...” she finally mumbled. Reaching between her legs the squish of very sodden padding greeted her fingertips. At least it was pleasantly warm… but it felt wet… worryingly wet. It would need some time to really absorb by the padding. At least she didn’t have to trudge out of the men’s room in pissy slacks. Lest she attract an audience Emelie quickly retreated, soggy padding drooping wetly between her thighs. She had to get back to Aria before she suspected something.

She found her by the bar, Aria took two glasses, handing one to Emelie. “Did my big girl make it to the potty?” she teased, really twisting the verbal knife. She balked at the question doing her best to awkwardly play off the inquiry. “Of course.” she lied through her teeth, giving a dismissive wave of her hand. Aria chuckled, taking a sip of her drink, staring straight at her. Emelie couldn’t tell if the shrewd business woman bought her lie. All she knew was it felt naughty, like she was lying to her mother. She tried not to break Aria’s unflinching gaze but caved, taking a sip of her fresh drink. Aria smiled after a moment. “Good good. Come on, I wasn’t finished dancing~” she said, dragging her back out to the dance floor.

The same dancer that had been here the last time Emelie had visited was back, dancing on the stage. Song blended into song and before Emelie knew it they’d been dancing for at least another hour. To let the stress of the outside world melt away and just move to the rhythm with Aria was a much needed respite. The past week had been… stressful to say the least.

Drunkenly they both kissed each other, their dancing at this point more just swaying to the beat. Locked in each other’s arms Emelie had forgotten all about her sodden pullup, enjoying her time with Aria. They kissed again, sloppily. Wet lips, smeared with saliva and lipstick, she couldn’t get enough of her. Emelie’s lips tingled each time they brushed against Aria’s. So enthralled with Aria, Emelie didn’t even notice her sodden pullup having grown clammy and cool. Nor did she notice the further irritation of her skin caused by her lack of a change.

“Come on, let’s go back to my office~” Aria purred into her ear hungrily. The tone in her voice made Emelie’s knees quiver. She nodded, squeezing her tightly, kissing her once more. Like giggly young girls they made their way back to Aria’s office, fondling each other and snickering the whole time. “Someone can’t keep her hands to herself tonight~” Aria teased. Emelie grinned playfully back at her. “Look who’s talking~”

The door to her top floor office hissed open as they tumbled through, nearly tripping over each other. As soon as the door shut behind them Aria turned to face her, wrapping her arms around her lower back. “Is there anything you want to tell me first sweetie~” she began. Emelie furrowed her brow, confused by the question. The raven-haired woman shook her head. She didn’t think so… unless… she meant… a hot blush began to rise in her cheeks again. Her completely saturated pullup… she’d forgotten all about it. Now however, she was keenly aware of the heavy padding chafing her skin. “Are you sure?”

Emelie shuddered, pinching her thighs together. Aria continued staring through her. “Well, if you aren’t going to tell me I suppose I’ll just have to punish you~”. Emelie felt her heart flutter with excitement. They both enjoyed these games and the thought of being punished, dampened her already wet diaper. It was disgusting and wrong and childish and humiliating but… she couldn’t deny the allure. Lost in her thoughts she felt Aria’s hands on her pants, swiftly pulling them open. The smell of stale urine intensified as she let the trousers pool around Emelie’s shoes. There she stood, in the middle of Aria’s office with nothing around her legs except for one completely saturated pullup.

“What’s this? My little girl couldn’t hold it?” she asked, admonishing her with the rhetorical question. Emelie groaned, covering her face with her hands. The humiliation was very… very real for the proud woman. She yelped when her inner thigh received a harsh swat from the olive-skinned woman. “I asked you a question!” she snapped.

“I didn’t make it...” she blurted out, letting her hands fall helplessly to her side. “What was that Murtaziq?” she asked, pressing her fingers against the squishy padding. “I… didn’t make it to the toilet and I...” she paused, hoping Aria wasn’t going to make her say it but… the lingering silence and the expectant look told her otherwise. “and I peed my pants...” she admitted.

“Tsk tsk tsk.” Aria chided, letting the awkward silence hang in the air for a while longer. Emelie squirmed under her dominant gaze. Circling around behind her she grasped the lapel of Emelie’s blazer and removed it, tossing it aside. One by one she was losing any semblance of maturity. After that her holster was removed Aria setting it carefully on her desk. “I think you’re far too immature to be playing with such a dangerous toy.” she teased.

Emelie huffed, folding her arms over her chest. “I’m not a child Aria I ju...” Aria interrupted it, a dangerous tone in her voice. “just spent the night dancing in your pissy diaper because you were too embarrassed to tell me you needed a change?” she retorted. “Probably gave yourself a rash too. I mean honestly Emelie, you know how obvious it was? Not only were you waddling back to me but about five minutes in it leaked all over your pants.” she said, covering her mouth as she broke into laughter at her expense.

Another groan left Emelie’s lips, of course she had known the whole time. “Fortunately you didn’t pee all over my dance floor… though you wouldn’t be the first… my cleaning expenses have skyrocketed!” she exclaimed, removing her vest and unbuttoning her shirt, letting it fall open. “Mmph, you’re really soaked.” she purred, draping her arms over her shoulders from behind, pressing herself up against her. One hand infiltrated her open shirt, squeezing her breast. Her other slid down her stomach, fingertips tracing along her skin. She knew the ultimate destination and she didn’t resist. Aria’s hand came to rest on the soggy padding pressing it against her groin. “Soggy soggy soggy.” she teased, kneading around the squishy material.

She couldn’t stop herself from rocking her hips against Aria’s hand moaning again as the warm, gel-like material rubbed against her sensitive spot. “Ohh yes, just like that.” she moaned, her voice quivering, breathy. Aria continued to tease her through her padding, digging her fingertips into her partner’s breast. “Naughty pissy little girls don’t get to have the fun they want~” she teased, biting the nape of Emelie’s neck. “W...what?” she asked, wincing at the nibble. Her voice laden with disappointment.

Aria let her fingers linger for a moment longer before removing them from her groin. “You heard me.” she stated simply, grabbing the waistband of her pullup. “Pissy, little girls don’t get to have the fun they want.” she repeated “and what are you?”

Emelie shrank against Aria, shutting her eyes. “don’t make me say it...” she implored but… she knew, when Aria had that tone in her voice… The silence continued until there was the slight rustling of Aria tugging up the front of Emelie’s pullup, forcing the warm padding against her folds eliciting a gasp of disgust and arousal from the raven-haired victim. “I’m... I’m a pissy little girl, I’m a pissy little girl!” she exclaimed rapidly. “I know! I think you need some discipline”

It all happened so quickly, her head foggy from arousal, alcohol and the embarrassment. Em felt the rear of her padding suddenly pulled up. The wet squish of her soggy pullup being wedge between her shapely ass preceded the sensation of urine trickling down her thighs as it was squeezed from the saturated padding. Out of nowhere WHAP! Aria’s hand, swift and sudden, impacted her bottom. Catching the agent entirely off-guard she yelped in pain, flinching from the sudden spank. In response, her body betrayed her, stunned back into infantile levels of potty training. A noisy fllblatch and the seat of her sentinel sagged, pushed away from her ass by a mound of mushy poop.

Aria furrowed her brow, wrinkling her nose at the sudden smell of a poopy diaper emanating from Emelie. “Nooo, not again..” Emelie whined, pulling herself from Aria’s grasp, tenderly touching the rear of her protection. Fortunately she’d only gone from fifty-seven percent full to ten percent but still… it left a noticeable bulge and a sticky sensation clinging to her ass. “Emelie! You’re supposed to do that in the potty, those little pullups aren’t meant for those kind of accidents!” Aria scolded her. Not letting her get away that easily she swatted at the exposed flesh of her outer buttocks. Emelie whirled around catching Aria’s hand, on the verge of tears.

“I’m… I’m not playing!” she snapped angrily. Aria stared at the distraught woman for a moment before sighing. She nodded and leaned forward kissing her passionately on the lips. Emelie relaxed her grip, letting Aria’s wrist fall from her hand. “Here, look.” she said, pulling away from the sulking Emelie. She wriggled out of her jacket, tossing it to the couch before reaching behind her and slowly unzipping her dress, letting the silky fabric fall into a pool of cloth around her feet. Emelie’s eyes widened at the sight of her. Naked, save for the bloated and swollen diaper around her hips.

The floral pattern on the front had all but faded. A darkened slightly yellow splotch covered the entire front of the obviously wet diaper. Slowly she turned around and Emelie could see a lumpy faint brown discoloration tenting out the rear of the diaper as well. “Do you see?” she asked, a slight hint of red coloring her cheeks at the reveal. “But when did you...” Emelie began. Aria waved her hand dismissively. “While we were dancing, it was an accident. By the time I realized I was going I just decided to finish in my diaper”

“but… you’re so confident… you’re not embarrassed?” Emelie asked, feeling a bit better knowing she wasn’t the only one who had messed her diaper. Aria looked quite irritated by the question, blushing a bit brighter. “Of course I am… it is humiliating!” she snapped, cursing under her breath in a foreign tongue. She thwapped Emelie on the side of the head for the insulting question. “Soiling myself like a two year old, having my assistant change my diapers” she continued, restraining her irritation. “But it is the reality that we face Emelie and I’m not going to let this… little issue stand in the way of my plans.” she said, her frustration all but gone from her face, replaced with a sweet smile. “You adapt, and as disgusting as it is… I find the sensation of a full diaper to be… rather pleasant.” she admitted, reaching behind her and pressing the seat of her dirty diaper against her ass with a faint squelch. Aria shuddered at the action.

Emelie looked revolted by the act but… she had done the same thing with her last accident. Just a little squish… “and so, I have accepted my situation. If I could stop wearing these accursed things tomorrow I would, without a second thought but for now I’ll do what I must. Do you trust me Emelie?” Aria asked, walking past her to the wall, hips swaying hypnotically. “Of course.”

“Good.” Aria smiled pulling something from a drawer that receded into the wall. Returning, she held a large massager in her hand, a coy smirk on her face. “Come.” she said simply, moving to the couch. She sat down, paying little attention to the mess she had just sat in. A quiet moan escaped her lips. She lay back, squirming a little as she did. The vibrating head hummed quietly as it was flicked on. Aria pressed it against her sodden diaper and moaned loudly. She had to take a moment to catch her breath, her whole body tingled, she curled her toes and with all of her willpower paused for a moment. “Now, straddle my hips, you can put your knee on the couch.” she instructed, guiding Emelie until they were pressing their diapered hips together.

“Ready?” Aria asked. Emelie looked hesitant. Couldn’t they change first… clean up? Having sex in a shitty diaper wasn’t exactly what she had pictured happening tonight but… she trusted Aria. The woman laying on the couch beneath her looked up, mouthing the word ‘adapt’ to her. Emelie nodded, biting her lip as she pressed her hips firmly against the vibrator.

Aria flicked the device on again and both women let out a squeal of pleasure as arousal surged in their bodies. The vibrations dampened by the padding seemed to engulf their hips. They’d played like this before but this was different… far different. With the padding they could really grind against each other, pressing the massager firmly between them. The noises between them, the crinkling of the outer plastic shell, the squishing of the soggy padding, the squelches of the mushy messes, the hum of the vibrator and their gasps and moans. It was a strange symphony of pleasure as they both gave in, straining and sweating, humping each other like desperate schoolgirls.

“C...closer” Aria stammered through shallow breaths. She reached around, grabbing Emelie by the bulging mound in her pullup and pulled her closer with a muddy squelch. The vibrations intensified and a surge of pleasure rushed through her, earning a long guttural moan as she pressed her ass against Aria’s hand. Wriggling and squirming at the disgusting but pleasurable sensation of her own mess being squished against her bottom she shuddered. At this rate it wasn’t going to take long to make her cum.

Little spasms in her pelvic area accompanied her movements. She quivered and twitched each time she thrust her hips forward edging ever closer. Aria likewise slid her hand down to her own diaper, gently caressing the distended bulge. Her other hand held the vibrator tightly. Finally, she pressed her hand against the lumpy bulge, shutting her eyes. A higher pitched moan left her lips, she squeezed her thighs together. Aria, renowned businesswomen, mature, beautiful, wealthy… was climaxing in her shit filled diaper. The sight sent Emelie over the edge. One last thrust of her hips forward, the vibrations stimulating her clit was more than she could resist. She joined Aria, curling her toes as it happened, arching her back, collapsing against her partner’s chest, laying atop the olive-skinned woman.

The pair lay there, in post-orgasmic bliss, the vibrator continuing to hum away between them. Little aftershocks of pleasure rippled through both of them coaxing a twitch or a dribble of cum or urine… neither could be sure which at this point. A small fetid puddle had accumulated underneath Aria, their combined ministrations resulting in a pair of leaky diapers. Silence enveloped them, both women keenly aware of what they’d just done… how enjoyable it had been… how ashamed they both felt. Neither wished to break the silence, it felt as if one would be assuming responsibility for what just happened if she were to speak up.

The smell however… was getting unbearable. “We should… clean up.” Aria finally spoke after a few minutes of silence. The dopamine high was fading as was the warmth from their diapers. The sticky, clammy filth clinging to their skin far less enjoyable now and because of their… boisterous actions had spread around even further towards the front of their protection. Emelie nodded untangling herself from Aria, pulling herself up from the couch. Aria soon followed, brownish trickles running down her legs from the leaky diaper. Guilt… both of them felt it, they shouldn’t be enjoying this should they… they were grown women, they shouldn’t be messing their pants and then playing with it. Even the unflappable Aria was blushing. “Sorry about the couch… I think I leaked...” Emelie mumbled, gesturing to the small puddle on the faux leather cushion. “It can be cleaned.” Aria replied dismissively, opening the adjacent door from her office to a master bathroom.

“Could I… have a moment of privacy to...” Emelie began, gesturing down to her dirty pullup. Aria sighed looking slightly irritated. Nevertheless, she acquiesced. “Go ahead.” she said, tugging at the sagging diaper around her hips, pulling it away from her skin. Emelie rushed into the bathroom shutting the door behind her. She tore the sides of her destroyed pullup away letting it fall to the ground with a splat before tossing her shirt aside. The water reacted to her presence and the shower automatically turned on as she stepped in. She didn’t dare look at herself in the mirror, she couldn’t bear to see herself again with shit smeared all over her ass and thighs.

The murky brown water pooling in the bottom of the shower quickly turned clear as the water helped wash away her shame. An uncomfortable Aria stepped into the private restroom a few moments later. Emelie could hear the ripping of the tapes as she undid her own dirty diaper. She stepped into the shower, joining her under the steaming water. Emelie could see the shit smeared against her backside and stepped out of the way as the water in the bottom of the shower turned a murky brown. Aria turned to face her after rinsing off, there was a coy smile on her face. “I told you that you’d enjoy it.” she said simply as she reached for the soap. “I’d rather not talk about it...” Emelie said sullenly. “Suit yourself dear.”

“Um… how did you get it to not… smell? Well… smell that bad.” Emelie asked. Aria raised her eyebrow “Oh, you mean my bowel movement?” Aria asked matter of factly. Em nodded as she shampooed her hair. “I’ve taken a layered approach to managing my incontinence.” she began. Emelie flinched, hearing her utter the words ‘my incontinence’ as if it saying it aloud solidified their condition permanently.

“Obviously I can’t eliminate all of the smell but I’ve found two things help immensely… well three. I’ve tablets that I take with each meal that aid in digestion and help with the smell. The tape up kind are far better at containing the smell than your dainty little pullups. I’ve also come out with my own brand of powder. It helps keep your skin nice and dry not to mention suppressing any odors. It’s been selling like crazy.” Aria said with a laugh. Of course she’d find a way to profit off this, Emelie could hardly blame her.

“Still haven’t come up with a name for it. Venom or toxin or something edgy like that. For bad girls who want to smell good.” she said with a giggle, amused at her own wordplay. Emelie couldn’t help but chuckle a little too. There was something morbidly fascinating with their desire to maintain a mature facade in the face of such a childish problem. “I’m sure you’ll think of something...”

The two continued showering, lathering themselves with soap, forgetting all about what had just transpired. Emelie opened her eyes after washing her face. Aria was staring straight at her, hair matted to her face. “So, is this official now?” she spoke, catching Emelie offguard. She could feel the butterflies in her stomach as she played dumb. “What...”

“You know precisely what I mean. Us, this… you, me.” Aria continued, a hint of exasperation in her voice. The sound of the water raining down was the only saving grace from an awkward silence as Emelie gathered her thoughts. She didn’t know where her aversion to commitment came from but she had a hard time saying yes to such things. “Aria I...” she started, taking a moment to think. She stared at the exotic looking woman. Under the running water her mouth felt dry. She liked Aria… a lot… but she liked her freedom… and Joshua… and… Her mind was racing. She had been spending more time with her lately, maybe she was trying to tell herself something. She looked up at Aria, her gaze unwavering. “Fine...” she choked out.

“Fine?” Aria repeated, raising an eyebrow. “You know, these things are often done with some excitement.” she ribbed her. Emelie blushed, her nervousness melting into a goofy smile. “yes… of course… that would be… I’d like that.” she stammered. Aria ruffled her hair, sending water flying everywhere until Emelie smacked her hand away. “Good~” Aria responded, satisfied with her answer, draping her arms around her shoulders, pulling her close. Her fingertips traced along the wet flesh downwards and downwards until the two found themselves making love in the shower. Outside in the office hadn’t been enough and now, wet, naked, clean they ravished each other.

When they finally returned to her office everything was tidied up for them. Emelie’s clothes had been cleaned, folded and hung up next to the door. Aria had a set of clothes waiting for her on her desk and on the coffee table, impossible to ignore were two thick diapers. Aria yawned, gesturing for her to lay down. “I’ll help you with yours.”

Emelie grumbled, accepting the instruction, tossing her towel aside. “Fine, but I don’t need these thick ones.” she insisted. Aria simply chuckled dismissively. “Of course not dear, but they’re what I have.” Aria taped her into the thick diaper expediently giving her a liberal dusting of the powder she’d been talking to her about earlier. Once the tapes were fastened and Emelie was trapped in the snug fitting prison she patted the front. “Alright, my turn.”

Emelie climbed off the couch, paling at the deafening crinkle coming from the garment. Even the smallest of movements elicited a noisy rustle from the damn thing. She was immediately grateful for her A ranking. She moved to pull on her suit as Aria whistled quietly, putting on her own diaper. Her trousers only just fit over the bulky padding. If she bent over she could feel the fabric pulling taught against her diaper bulge. “It’s so obvious...” she lamented. Aria glanced at her. “Oh quit complaining, every woman in the damn city is wearing something similar. You can change in the morning. Come on, I’m exhausted.”

At the mention of being exhausted, Emelie had to suppress a yawn as well. She too was quite tired. Emelie didn’t bother tucking in her blouse and as soon as Aria was dressed the pair departed. The club was still bustling with activity but the crowd had thinned substantially. It was getting late. “Senya, you know what to do.” Aria told her assistant as they walked past. She gave a curt nod towards her boss. “I know you have work tomorrow so you can drive. Let’s go to my place, I want to sleep next to you.”

Walking out to the street Emelie’s sedan slowly glided up to them. “Milady.” She opened the door for Aria, snickering at the overly dramatic gesture of politeness. Aria shook her head. The pair sped off into the brisk evening, bathed in neon light.

While Aria didn’t have ultralux money she was certainly a tier above Emelie’s standard of living. The raven-haired agent always forgot just how nice Aria’s small penthouse was. She had a decent view of the city, downtown loomed in the distance and you could even see the PrivSec building from the balcony. For just a moment, she allowed herself to fantasize about living there before Aria dragged her to the bedroom. “It is time for sleep.” She announced. Emelie knew that tone of voice, she wouldn’t take no for an answer. Emelie just nodded, yawning again as she stripped down to her padded undergarments. Aria did the same. In a few seconds flat the two collapsed into bed, curling up in each other’s arms.

“Now class, I want you to welcome Ms. Blackstar. She came all the way from PrivSec to tell you about what being a Private Security agent is like, helping keep SANAM city safe!”. Emelie walked into the classroom, smiling at the young children rustling noisily with every step. There was something familiar about the teacher. Emelie couldn’t put her finger on it, the long dark hair, her olive skin. “Thank you Miss Mouzaya.” Emelie began, clearing her throat. “Yes, I’m Field Commander Blackstar. I have my own...”

An audacious little snot interrupted her. “Is it true you wear diapers?” one of the faceless children asked. Emelie balked at the question, cheeks turning bright red. She squeezed her thighs together feeling the crinkly bulk between them. “I heard they all do because they pee their pants.” another voice spoke up, the classroom tittering with amusement. “N… no of course not I...”

“Look, you can totally see it!” a more astute student opined. “She is wearing a diaper!”. The tittering grew into uncontrolled giggling. Emelie glanced towards the teacher, a pleading look on her face to get her unruly classroom under control. “Now now class, settle down. Just because Agent Blackstar wears a protective undergarment doesn’t mean she’s any less of an agent.” the teacher began. Emelie felt faint, this was not what she had expected the teacher to say.

“Sometimes she gets frightened and has an accident. It’s quite common for women in her line of work.” The teacher explained as if it was perfectly normal. All Emelie could do was stand there, speechless. “In fact, I think it would help if you showed them so they could see.” she added. Her eyes widened, she shook her head but could feel her hands moving to her waist. Undoing her belt, pulling her pants down to her knees revealed the shamefully thick diaper. “See class? It’s perfectly normal.”

The young children burst into laughter at the sight of the grown woman displaying her huggies to them. She choked back her embarrassment. “Those are baby diapers!” she could clearly hear one accusatory tone. “N...no, it’s the Titan it’s not...” she argued before being interrupted by another. “My baby sister wears one just like that! It has the same patterns.”

Seemingly content with her role in the presentation the teacher had returned to working off her computer leaving Emelie to face the children herself. The pink pastel pictures and designs that adorned her diaper would be more fitting on something a toddler would wear… not a grown woman. She clenched her fist angrily “Th...they’re not baby diapers!” she insisted again, pants still around her knees.

“Look, she’s peeing her diaper!” someone announced. A hushed ‘ooooh’ fell over the room as she felt it. The warm, wet sensation, the trickling stream of urine tickling her lips. Emelie gasped in surprise. Letting go of her pants entirely she opted to jam her hands between her legs. She could feel the padding starting to grow soggy between her fingers. “She’s going potty in her pants.” another child noted with glee as Emelie uncontrollably urinated in front of the class. Tears of humiliation trickled down her cheek. The teasing words of the children blended into a sea of noise.

Finally she finished wetting herself. The thick padding was absolutely soaked. It felt ten times heavier than it had been when it was dry. Nearly every single inch was swollen with urine, her thighs pushed even further apart. How had she even peed so much? “As… as I was saying” she attempted to persevere despite her now soggy state.

A boy in the first row stood. Fishing something out of his pocket she yelped in surprise stumbling back in fear at the sight of a gun. The rainbow hued plastics of a child’s squirt-gun caught the experienced agent by surprise. Her bowels slackened in terror. As she fell backwards she soiled her diaper noisily in front of the children. A loud, chunky, wet release was enough to cause her diaper to bulge substantially before she hit the ground. Falling with a dull splat she shut her eyes, grunting as she completely voided her bowels, filling her diaper. She sat there, shoulders against the wall still pushing semisolid poop into her diaper.

The class had erupted into raucous laughter at this point. The teacher oblivious to the goings on, simply whistling a tune to herself as she typed away at the keyboard. “She pooped her diaper!” one exclaimed with particularly malicious glee. “Eww she pooed!” another shouted. “Ms. Mouzaya, Emelie pooped her diaper.”another announced. That finally got the teacher’s attention. She glanced up from the computer as Emelie slowly pulled herself to her feet, sniffling. “Oh dear… Thank you class.”

Due to her unfortunate fall a fetid discolored puddle had been left on the floor where she’d sat. Brownish liquid dripped from the outer shell of the garment. Even worse, brown ooze clung to her thighs where her fall had forced it past the leg guards, squishing it against her skin. The teacher circled around the horrified agent clicking her tongue. “Normally I would send her to the nurse but since she’s leaking I can’t have her leaking all over the hall. We’ll have to change her in the classroom.”

The children all giggled volunteering to help. Emelie could only shake her head and reach for her pants which had mysteriously vanished. “Th… that’s not necessary I… I think I’d rather just be going… I have a change in my car I...” she was shushed by the teacher who firmly grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her towards what could only be described as a diaper changing table. “But I won’t fit on that...”

“We’ll make do, now up.” Miss Mouzaya commanded. She crawled onto the changing table, staring at the ceiling. One of the children brought an even thicker diaper than the one she had initially been wearing. “Oh, good thinking. I don’t think she’s ready for a Titan. She really ought to be wearing a colossus.” she agreed, more giggles coming from the children. “I guess she’s not ready for potty training yet. Remember class everyone learns at their own rate. “I… I am potty trained.” Emelie protested weakly. “I am...”

She awoke with a start, Aria was stroking her hair. “Of course you are. Of course you are.” her girlfriend whispered comfortingly. A cold sweat blanketed her face, making the air in the room seem cooler than it was. “Just a bad dream.” Aria cooed. Emelie instinctively reached underneath the sheets, feeling the fabric for the telltale wetness of a nighttime accident. The sheets were mercifully dry. “You were mumbling something about being potty trained and having quite a fit.” Aria explained. Emelie blushed brightly, recalling brief moments from the dream.

“C’mon, I’ll help you change.” Aria whispered. Emelie responded with a confused noise… right… the diaper… she groaned, pressing the fingers against the front of the padding. Soaked… “I can wait until morning...” she mumbled, still groggy. Aria began to get a little annoyed “No you can’t, you messed your diaper in your sleep!” she announced.

The color drained from her face. She had what? “N...no I didn’t.” she reacted the only way she knew how. Wetting her bed was one thing but to have so little control she voided her bowels while she slept. Her lip quivered, Aria took her hand and pressed it right against the faint bulge with a squelch. “Good thing I put you in one of those...” Aria mused as she pulled the sheet away exposing her well used diaper. Aria’s own diaper was utterly soaked but she hadn’t soiled it like Emelie. After that dream she wasn’t in any mood to resist. Aria gathered the supplies to clean up after her little accident. Tired, frustrated, humiliated Emelie didn’t fight it.

Aria opened the diaper and quickly wiped her down until she was once more clean. Fortunately it wasn’t nearly as bad as her dirty diaper earlier in the evening. Emelie fell asleep before it was finished , woken briefly by Aria tucking her in as she rejoined her in bed. “Mmmthanks.” she mumbled before falling back asleep for a scant few dreamless hours.

Morning arrived and everything seemed like a distant memory. Her diaper was barely even damp, though… the vague recollection of what had happened during the night ensured she didn’t celebrate prematurely. Hopefully Aria wouldn’t mention anything. Speaking of which. Emelie rolled over, seeing the sleeping woman brought a smile to her lips. Her eyes fluttered open. “Good morning Murtaziq” she mumbled. “Go on and get ready for work.” she said, shooing her out of bed so she could go back to sleep. Such was the benefits of making her own hours. Emelie chuckled and nodded, kissing Aria on the forehead before crawling out of bed.

First thing first, bathroom. Wandering into the toilet she tore the diaper from her hips and plopped down to relieve herself. There was something admittedly satisfying watching the bladder level bars in her ocular implant decrease as she emptied herself. She sat on the toilet as more of the dream came back to her. It reminded her of the time spent doing outreach while she was still SAPD. Visiting classrooms, talking to children… it was like a warped memory… an extremely warped memory and that teacher… that was Aria! She shook her head, wishing she could forget everything about the dream. It just seemed so wrong.

Regardless, it was time for a new mission. That was always something to be excited about. With all the paperwork finished yesterday she wondered what would be available today! She wanted to be early before all the good missions were taken. Hopefully Hagar wasn’t too angry with her. After that chewing out yesterday though she couldn’t be so sure.

Splashing cold water on her face she stared at herself in the mirror. “You’re a grown ass woman, you can do this.” she encouraged herself, feeling like she needed a bit of a pep talk. Rummaging through Aria’s dresser she grabbed a pair of panties. Surely Aria wouldn’t miss them. Emelie felt a bit guilty slipping them up her legs but she still had that package of protection at work. She hated that it had come to it but she could change into one when she got to her office. She heard Aria’s mumbling voice from the bed. “Don’t have an accident in my panties….”

Emelie blushed, deciding not to argue with her. Pulling on the rest of her clothes was a quick affair. She didn’t even think about the implications of wearing the same suit two days in a row… though she’d spent most of yesterday in her office slaving away over paperwork. The only person who’d really seen her was Hagar… and that harpy Veronica….

In a few short minutes Emelie was out the door and taking a seat in her car. Her stomach growled hungrily, she pined for a cup of coffee but she wasn’t going to risk it. She knew the route from Aria’s place could often have traffic heading towards the PrivSec building in the morning and wearing panties… she shuddered at the thought of another accident. Things were finally settling back into some semblance of normalcy. No Lynd talking her ear off, no having to rely on Joshua for a ride in his ridiculous sports car. Just silence, enjoyable silence.

Her implant vibrated in her ear… it seemed her enjoyment of solitude was short sighted. “Lynd… Can I help you? You know work doesn’t start for...” she paused, glancing at the time. “an hour or so.” Em spoke through the private call. “Yeah, so? You didn’t come home last night, were you out with that Wraith more or didja have a hot date?” she asked, prying for information like they were close friends. There was something endearing about the younger woman’s enthusiasm but Emelie wasn't in the mood. “I’ll see you at work Lynd.” she said curtly, hanging up the call. She shook her head, reclining in her seat as the car drove itself to the PrivSec building.

She stepped out of the car at the front gate, letting it go park itself as she made her way once more into the office. Already she was feeling a twinge of desperation. A quick check and she wasn’t even at 40% capacity yet! The decision to skip coffee earlier was proving to be a wise choice. It was odd, as she walked through the lobby she almost felt self conscious. So many women were obviously diapered under their professional attire. A thin awkward veil of normalcy hung over the lobby as they all pretended nothing had changed. Emelie could see or hear the telltale hints that they were wearing some level of protection. She started to think about what Hagar had been telling her yesterday about the department of compliance. She swallowed dryly and stepped a bit more quickly towards her office before she was caught without the proper protection on.

Unlike the prior day Hagar wasn’t waiting for her when she departed the elevator on her floor. She breathed a sigh of relief, making a beeline for her office where she’d left the package of Sentinel pullups. She would change, visit the restroom assuming the construction was done, and then peruse the new mission offerings.

Everything went according to plan which seemed like a miracle given the past few days and the likelihood of her plans to fall apart. There was only a few other people on her floor at this time of morning. Making it to her office without having to interact with anyone else was a cinch. With the door locked behind her she quickly stripped off her bottoms before removing one of those accursed garments from the packaging. Emelie couldn’t wait until they were available without the cutesy prints. She swallowed her pride… again and slid them up her legs one foot at a time before the thin layer of padding once more hugged her hips. She took a deep breath, confidence slowly returning as she hastily tugged up her slacks over the discrete protection.

Once she was properly dressed for work she hurried to the dispatch office. It was still early! Hopefully there would be some prime missions available, she wrung her hands together with excitement. That last mission hadn’t gone… exactly as planned, but in the end it had been a success… even if she did get chewed out for some of the… minor details.

“Blackstar, I see you got the message.” a familiar voice called out. She blushed at Hagar’s insinuation. Was it really that obvious? Emelie scrambled for a moment, adjusting her slacks. “Relax, I was just testing you. I’m glad you’re following orders. I’ve got your next dispatch here.” he continued, handing over a manila envelope. She furrowed her brow in surprise. That didn’t normally happen. Hagar could see the confusion on her face. “Open it, seems like the Division Ruine boss was impressed with how you and your team handled that last mission he requested you and your group for another assignment… despite the smell.” Hagar quipped, much to Emelie’s displeasure.

Emelie snatched the envelope from his hand huffing at the comment. “Assuming it’s vetted?” she asked, tearing open the envelope. “Just the general requirements. Sounding like another Grade B, you’ll look like a real hotshot if you get two done in one month.”

She began reading the missive. It certainly was odd in this digital city to receive an actual, physical document. Attempting to read however would be more accurate. She stared blankly at the loopy script adorning the paper. It was as foreign to her as the life of the ultralux, far above the city. “Uhhh...”

Emelie squinted her eyes, staring intently at the paper as if it would suddenly make sense if she stared at it longer. Hagar blinked, glancing at the paper before back at Emelie. “… wait… are you serious? Goddamn degenerate youth of today.” he muttered, snatching the paper from her hand. “It’s cursive Blackstar. What are they even teaching you kids in school today.” he shook his head. “You’re not even ten years older than me!” Emelie shot back. “Old enough it seems.” he groused.

“Dear Miss Blackstar. I am requesting the services of you and your team…. Dear Miss Blackstar? This guy really is old fashioned. Anyway, where was I? your team. “A matter of a certain… sensitive nature has arisen at Division Ruine and I find myself in need of your services. Given we have established a good working relationship I trust that I can count on you. Signed Robert Walker. Seems like you really made an impression on the man Em, or maybe he goes for black hair and an inability to file expense reports on time.”

Emelie punched him in the arm. “Very funny Hagar.” she snatched the paper back from her boss as he rubbed his arm. He shook his head as he walked away, glancing back over his shoulder. “Remember, we’ve got an image to uphold.” he said before leaving. A blush graced her cheeks, she wisely kept her mouth shut. She informed the rest of her team they had a mission details to follow later. Walking to one of the company cars Lynd immediately called her. “Whoa, already? A mission? Who’s it for, what are we doing, do we get to shoot anybody?” A barrage of questions came over the comlink. Emelie sighed dramatically. “You’re the team watcher, so just watch.” she responded curtly.

“Has anyone ever told you that you’re no fun?” Lynd’s voice chimed back. “Yes, more than one person in fact. I don’t know any of the details yet. That’s what I’m going to see now. He wants to brief me in person it seems. You can make yourself useful and do me a favor. Find out everything you can about Robert Walker.” she ordered. There was a brief pause. “Anything in particular you want me to look for?” she asked. Emelie was slightly surprised, she’d expected a bit more resistance from the girl. It seemed she might fit into the corporate structured lifestyle after all. “I don’t know...” she mused “Just get me some light reading for the car ride.”

Twenty minutes later a notification appeared in her ocular implant, Lynd worked quickly it seemed. The engine of the PrivSec suv thrummed quietly as it drove towards the office she’d been at just days before. Using the integrated holoprojector built into the dash she began to peruse the report. It began with his younger days, before Division Ruine. Emelie wasn’t sure if it showed off either how good Lynd was or how vast the PrivSec databases were. Either way, there was enough information to distract her for the majority of the drive.

She learned everything from his favored brand of cigars, to Division Ruine’s profits… for the past ten years, even his suspected favorite color was listed though… she had a feeling Lynd was just messing with her when the report said chartreuse. The familiar building came into view and the truck slowed as it pulled around to the entrance. Emelie dismissed the boxy, armored vehicle, it slowly rolled away as she set it to surveillance mode.

Bridgette was already waiting for her as she approached the door. Emelie’s eyes drifted downwards. It was plain enough. Underneath the muscular woman’s tight fitting skirt was the faint but unmistakable rectangular lump of thick padding. Emelie blushed slightly, quickly look back up at her face before she was caught staring. The woman extended her hand, grasping Emelie’s own, shaking it firmly. “Good to be working with you again. The boss wanted outside help with this. He’s expecting you.” she greeted, opening the door for Emelie.

Em nodded and walked in as the brunette security officer shut the door behind her. It wasn’t quite as tense as last time she’d been here. This time she didn’t have to tell the leader of one of the larger gangs in SANAM city that she needed to deal with some of his organization. This time she was here on his request. It didn’t take long at all until once again she found herself in front of the heavy oaken doors. They swung open, Bridgette escorted her inside.

Walker sat in his full backed leather chair, waving his hand in the air, dismissing a set of reports projected above his desk. “Come in.” he requested, slowly standing to meet her. Bridgette shut the door behind them. Walker took a moment before returning to his chair after a firm handshake. “I know your time is valuable as is mine. I’ll get down to it.” he began as Emelie sat, Bridgette sitting to her right. He intertwined his fingers leaning forward. His body language alone was enough to tell Emelie the gravity of the situation. It took a lot to make Emelie uneasy but dealing with Walker, the kind of man who could ruin a person on a whim brought a certain anxiety. The last time she’d been here he had executed one of his sons… without a second thought and then thanked her for it. She swallowed dryly but remained stoic.

Just like last time, the network activity in the room dropped, the signal status in her ocular implant dropped to zero percent. “One of our own decided to…. appropriate a very advanced product… advanced and… experimental.” he began, his measured speech slow and deliberate. “As you may… or may not know Division Ruine manufactures some very advanced pieces of technology I am quite proud to say. We’d been having some trouble in retrieving our leased augmentations from those no longer with us. SPD paperwork can be so bothersome, but I don’t have to tell you that. Then there’s also the matter of dealing with the family’s and their objections to post-mortem surgery...”

Emelie tensed, she wasn’t sure exactly what he was talking about but she had a sinking suspicion in the pit of her stomach. “So, we devised a method of control… if they had the augments to support such a thing of course. A way for the augments to return themselves to us if you will before they become property of the SPD coroners.” he said, a hint of sarcasm and disdain in his voice. Emelie interjected, looking quite pale as she realized what he was speaking of. “Augment activity must cease upon hosts death… that’s the law s….” she said before he cut her off. “Don’t quote Corporate Council law at me!” he snapped, narrowing his eyes. “As I was saying, it was experimental. Perhaps one of the poorer ideas I approved for development.” he mused, pausing for a moment to recompose himself.

“It was tagged and archived. It would be a bit too grizzly to have corpses dragging themselves down the street to a Division Ruine warehouse for processing, not to mention the attention it would attract but I digress. An… enterprising individual decided to abscond with the Summoner project and appropriate it for his own misdoings… thieving scum”

Her jaw tightened “So you want this Summoner project destroyed?” she asked. He nodded “In more ways than one. He’s begun calling himself The Summoner.” Walker added with a roll of his eyes. “I’ll transfer you all of the files pertaining to him.” He held out his hand and Emelie acquiesced, grasping it, shaking the man’s hand again accepting the file transfer. There certainly was a lot to digest, she could look at the specifics later. “Extrajudicial executions have to be cleared first… there are proper channels for these kinds of things Walker.” Emelie began, wishing she could bring herself to be a little more forceful. He stared at her nonplussed “What he’s been doing warrants a killing, it’s all documented. I’m paying PrivSec handsomely for this. It won’t be a problem.” he spoke with an icy tone.

“I only have one stipulation, Bridgette will accompany you for this. Obviously as chief of security this is her mess to clean up.” he paused, glancing at the muscular woman who paled at the look. “Sorry, make that two stipulations. Though, this should hardly be of any trouble. Under no circumstances are you to mention of Division Ruine’s involvement with the development with the Summoner project.” he insisted with a tone that said it was not up for discussion.

“Unfortunately a squad of my own would be too risky. If Division Ruine attempts to apprehend him I believe he will make public knowledge the details of the Summoner Project and given his connections as an ex employee… I would be less than pleased with that result. A PrivSec team however… well his activities warrant such action, it’s to be expected sooner or later.”

She had to admit, it made sense. Walker wasn’t the type to reach for outside help lightly. Everything that Lynd had compiled for her seemed to indicate he kept operations within the organization. If word got out that they were reanimating augments still installed… the Council would bury them. Emelie glanced towards Bridgette who was nervously drumming her fingers across her thigh. “I think we can accommodate her in our operations.” she concluded. The brunette looked visibly relieved and Walker appeared pleased. If Emelie didn’t know any better she would have guessed Bridgette had just peed in the thick diaper beneath her skirt. “Good, good. I was certain we would come to an understanding. Update me when you know more. Bridgette, don’t fuck this up.” he said harshly. Clearly, she was in the dog house until this matter was resolved.

Bridgette nodded “Yes Boss.” Emelie nodded as well. She hadn’t even noticed by the time their meeting finished her bladder was just passing seventy-five percent full. She squeezed her thighs together, the faint rustle of her pullup barely audible with her enhanced hearing. Just like that, the meeting was over. Her signal returned and idle network activity resumed around her as he lifted the communications blackout around the office. “See her out Bridgette.”

The larger woman nodded again and stood from her chair gesturing for Emelie to follow. She quickly stood, shaking Walker’s hand once more. The firm grip of his hand locked around hers as their eyes locked loosened a dribble of warm urine into her padding. “The pleasure was mine Ms. Blackstar.”

Emelie simply smiled at him before departing with Bridgette. The pair breathed a collective sigh of relief as the door shut behind him. “Hell of a boss...” Emelie said with a chuckle to lighten the mood. “Tell me about it...” Bridgette groused, walking with the distinctive awkward gait of a soggy diaper between her legs. “Um… bathroom?” Emelie asked. Bridgette nodded, blushing at the sodden warmth in her own ‘underwear’. She too needed the bathroom but for a change… “Just follow me.”

The sleek door opened for the both of them revealing a nicely furnished bathroom. Walker’s tastes didn’t end at his office it seemed. Marble tiles lined the wall. Everything was this blend of present and past that juxtaposed in a strange but aesthetically pleasing way. If she had Aria’s money this might be the kind of decor she’d use in her own place.

No sooner than making it to the stall door a furry black blur shot out from under the door past her feet. Emelie yelped in surprise flinging the door shut, stumbling backwards. Bridgette let out a rather girlish shriek of surprise punctuated by a muffled wet blort as the back of her diaper suddenly expanded to accommodate a soft mush expelled in fright. Despite noisily filling her diaper the security chief swung her leg and kicked the thing across the bathroom. It collided with a surprisingly metallic thunk.

“God fucking FUCK!” Bridgette bellowed, panting heavily before tapping her ear. “One of your fucking pets escaped. I swear if you don’t get your lab in order I’m going to wring your neck… Of course I’m fucking pissed, it made me… Nevermind! Just take inventory. Make sure nothing else got out.” she shouted through her com. Emelie noticed her pullup was feeling awfully damp now, the meter now down to fifty-three percent and slowly dropping. She was still dribbling! She grimaced, straining her muscles to regain control of her bladder. Slowly the flow dwindled, stopping at forty-eight. At least she hadn’t soiled her pullup. The faint smell of a wet bowel movement caused her to double check. She patted the back of her pants, sighing in relief the smell wasn’t coming from her but rather the deeply embarrassed Bridgette.

“You okay?” Emelie asked. The brunette dragged her hand across her face in irritation. “I can’t believe that made me shit myself. I’m a grown woman and I...” she said with a scowl, gingerly probing the seat of her skirt, feeling the diaper sagging heavily with shit. Emelie felt bad for the woman, being in her position wasn’t easy and only made more difficult by her body betraying her. “Well, you’re not the only one… that thing made me piss myself.” she admitted in a rare moment of candor and camaraderie with a fellow woman suffering a bout of incontinence. Emelie tugged the front of her slacks down revealing just enough of the pastel colored pullup and the slightly faded prints. Bridgette chuckled bitterly “Well, at least you didn’t load your pants.”

“Fair enough...” Emelie responded before slipping into the stall to finish. It was definitely wet but it hadn’t leaked! She inspected the padding between her knees as she sat on the toilet. The garment had done its job, could probably soak up a fair bit more too. Emelie felt a major sense of accomplishment while sitting on the toilet, much like waking up dry the previous day. It only took a few moments for her to finish emptying her bladder. Much to her irritation it seemed like she couldn’t empty it all the way? The meter still read fifteen percent full! Maybe the damn thing was busted… she didn’t feel like she had to go anymore. Tugging up her protection she didn’t bother wiping, it was already damp she told herself. What difference did it make?

Outside the stall Bridgette was standing bowlegged in front of a shelf that had unfolded from the wall. The smell from Bridgette’s dirty diaper had started to seep through her protection and leave a noticeable stench in the bathroom. Emelie wrinkled her nose. She held a large garment in her hand, the pink prints that adorned the white plastic casing brought a scowl to both their faces. Washing her hands Emelie noticed Bridgette’s hesitation, simply holding the garment. She looked so vulnerable standing there, not at all like the woman who could easily rip the bathroom door off its hinges if she were so inclined.

“Do you need help?” Emelie asked after a few seconds of awkward silence. “...please.” Bridgette said in a subdued tone. “I’m still having trouble getting these damn things to fit right… I can never seem to get them tight enough… I guess it didn’t leak this time so that’s good.” she grumbled.

Emelie nodded, walking over to the woman she plucked the thick diaper from her hands. “You could always try wearing you know… one of the pullup kinds.” Emelie mused. The brunette shook her head, blushing fiercely at the suggestion. “I did… it didn’t um… go well. Walker said I had to wear something thicker… didn’t want his precious wood floor warping from the puddles...”

The statement caused Emelie to grit her teeth, disdain for the man welling in her like the rising tide. “He’s been pretty accommodating otherwise...” Bridgette said in Walker’s defense, seeing Emelie’s visible reaction. “Well, where do you want to do this?” Emelie asked, looking around. “Here’s fine...”

Bridgette gestured to the wall as another panel folded open slowly lowering until it was parallel with the floor. She stared at it, slowly wriggling her skirt down past her messy diaper. Emelie had to resist smirking in her continence superiority. Unable to turn the tables on Aria there was a certain perverse enjoyment of having the powerful security officer subdued before her. Bridgette awkwardly attempted to climb onto the changing station without squishing the contents of her diaper against her backside any more than it had been already. After a few failed attempts she managed to get into a lying position looking off to the side, soiled diaper on display between her splayed open legs. “I appreciate your help...” Bridgette said, too embarrassed to meet the gaze of the woman whom she was thanking.

“Well, we are going to be working together. Consider it practice in case we have to perform a field change while on the op.” Emelie said, enjoying Bridgette squirm at the subtle implication. “Hopefully not...” she grunted. The agent could see why Walker had insisted on thicker garments. It was already straining to contain the voluminous emission. The gusset tinged yellow, sodden with urine and the rear bulging heavily with shit. Emelie resisted the urge to make a comment, feeling a stab of guilt at her conflicted feelings.

Remembering what Aria had taught her she ripped open the tapes, wrinkling her nose as the smell of filth intensified when the diaper was lowered. She certainly had made good use of this diaper. “Lift your legs” Emelie asked, using the dry bits of the diaper to wipe away filth from her womanhood as she removed it from under her. Disposing of the dirtied diaper she stared at the woman’s shit smeared ass, Emelie hated the idea that it could have been any one of her team laying in front of her.

Another panel next to the changing station popped open revealing more supplies. Emelie had a sinking suspicion that the women’s bathrooms at PrivSec would resemble these after the construction was finished. Grabbing one of the wipes she reached down towards Bridgette’s clean shaven pussy. She hadn’t expected that, even she had a bit of hair down there. The cold wipe forced a yelp of surprise from the larger woman and a spurt of urine that soaked into the synthetic cloth wipe. “You almost pissed on me!” Emelie exclaimed. Bridgette turned even redder than before. “I’m sorry I just… it was really cold! I wasn’t expecting that! I told them to install a heater for them I… I’m sorry I didn’t mean to.” she stammered another apology.

“It’s fine it’s fine just control yourself.” Emelie grumbled hypocritically, delicately pinching the soaked wipe between her fingers, tossing it down the same chute she had disposed of the diaper with. Fortunately the rest of the change went as planned. A few more wipes and her toned skin was once again clean “Don’t worry about the table… it’s self sanitizing.” Bridgette muttered as Emelie disposed of the last wipe. “Up again.” Emelie commanded, unfolding the large diaper and positioning it under the thick woman.

One by one she pulled the tapes snug and affixed them to the front of the garment, locking Bridgette back into her toilet for the foreseeable future. She quickly climbed off the table, fresh diaper crinkling loudly as she pulled her skirt back up, hiding her shame. “Thanks...”

“Don’t mention it… I’m sure you’ll pay me back later.” Emelie said, offering her a smile. Bridgette just grunted at her and nodded as they both washed their hands before departing. “This way...”. The Division Ruine building was much less of a maze than PrivSec’s headquarters. A short walk and Emelie found herself back outside into the midday sun. “Keep me in the loop.” Bridgette called out to the raven-haired woman. Emelie’s car was already pulling up to the sidewalk, door opening for her. She sunk down into the driver’s seat the slight squish of damp padding underneath her. Before she had even gotten comfortable Lynd was already patching herself through. “Soooo, what did he say? Is it exciting? I bet it’s a super wild mission. Oh man, it’s going to be so cool.” she rambled on with her patented girlish enthusiasm.

“Lynd stop… stop just. Calm down, let me get the rest of the team on the line.” Emelie grunted, patching Drake, Dianna, Taarna and Fiona into the call. Once everyone had connected she began. “If you haven’t already met her… our new team slicer is on the line with us. Lynd Revest...” she gave a blaise introduction, lowering the volume in expectation of a flurry of excited greetings.

She let Lynd introduce herself to Dianna, Drake and Taarna, idly watching the traffic go by more interested in her prior interaction with Bridgette than the casual chatter between the team. Bridgette, like her was unaccustomed to the changes they were facing. Sure, Emelie had a position over her team but… not like Bridgette. She shuddered at the thought of trying to maintain respect of an entire organization while filling her pants like a toddler at the slightest provocation. “So… boss what’s the play? Boss?” Fiona’s voice brought her back from her thoughts.

“It’s an elimination job.” she began. The silence over the line was palpable. These were the kinds of jobs that walked a fine line between legalities. “He says everything is documented and this guy… he’s no saint. I trust his judgment. It’s not just person though there’s experimental tech involved….” she paused, remember what Walker had spoken about. “He’s developed some… bad stuff. We’re talking implant function after termination.” she explained. The team remained silent listening to her every word. “First objective is to find the bastard. They don’t know where he is so we can’t move until we know at least where he is. After we do locate him second objective is surveillance. I want to know what his routine is, when he sleeps where he sleeps who he sleeps with what brand of toothpaste he uses to brush his teeth...”

Lynd’s giggling slowly grew more audible as Emelie continued her demands. She hadn’t really seen this side of Emelie yet and to her it was apparently quite amusing. Emelie twitched, irritated by the insubordination. “You sound like… like one of those cops in a cop movie Em I want this and this and this!” Lynd teased. Drake’s snickering came in through the call. “Shut up Lynd! This is NOT the time! If I hear one more word from you...” Emelie shouted, trailing off, blushing brightly.

“Like I was SAYING. Teams of two Fiona you work the streets with Dianna. Drake, you and Taarna do the same. I’ll work with Bridgette… that’s the other thing. We’ll have a tag-along their chief of security is going to be joining us. Lynd setup another channel she can join us in and let me know when it’s done. We don’t really know much about him other than in his employee file from his tenure at DR which I’ll distribute shortly.”

A jumble of various “Yes ma'am” and other acknowledgments came in before Emelie promptly withdrew from the call taking a deep breath. Lynd was certainly making things more… lively, for better or worse. She groaned feeling the swollen padding between her legs, pressing hotly against her womanhood. Did she… during the call? Eleven percent… she had… without even noticing. Emelie grumbled angrily punching in the destination back to her office. A change and then it was time for lunch, her stomach growled ravenously in agreement with her idea. Definitely time for lunch.

*073*2020-12-25 22:29

Merry christmas, this chapter may be a little disjointed and rough as it was written over the course of far too long as inspiration waned. Nevertheless, another chapter has been completed.

Three days and what did they have to show for it… nothing. For a high profile target like the summoner who didn’t seem to be all that concerned with keeping a low profile he was certainly a difficult person to track down. It was the kind of tedious work that Emelie did not enjoy, following up on leads in person with her team while Lynd scoured the net. At least she and her new, albeit temporary partner Bridgette were getting along swimmingly. She hadn’t even been able to spend much time with Aria after making things official. After work she was too exhausted to do much else other than head home and crash.

On the plus side though she’d been managing her accursed incontinence better than anyone on her team and substantially better than Bridgette. The reports that had started being distributed to her in the morning for her to ‘review’ felt perverse in a way. Something so intimate as her team’s bathroom habits should have been private even from her. On the upside though, it afforded her a modicum of pride knowing that she as keeping her pants dry better than her subordinates.

Emelie lay in bed, her apartment oddly silent without Lynd crashing on her couch. After waking up dry the previous morning and sitting on the toilet for ten minutes to wring every last drop of urine from her bladder she’d gone to sleep without protection. Feeling emboldened by her success had been a mistake. The clinging sensation of pissy sheets clung to her thighs and the acrid scent of tepid urine stung her nose. Her alarm would soon go off but still she stayed under the covers, despite the urine pooled around her, soaking into her sheets and pajamas. Part of her hoped it had all been a strange and twisted dream but with each passing morning and subsequent pair of sopping wet underwear it seemed like keeping control of her bladder and bowels was just a fantasy.

It shouldn’t be put off any longer. She cursed under her breath, finally throwing the covers off. The wet splotch dampened a large portion of her fitted sheet. Worryingly it seemed each time she did wet the bed the stain was larger and larger… Feeling a few errant drops of pee run down her legs she let out a small shudder. Once more the stark reality set in and a sullen mood overtook her. How much longer would she have to deal with this? Was Nyx getting anywhere with her investigation? It was all so frustrating! She hadn’t even realized tears were starting to fall down her cheek. She sniffled a few times, wiping her eyes but still the tears fell. “It… it’s not fair!” she shouted in a cathartic outburst.

With her sheets once more in the washing machine along with the mattress cover she dragged herself to the shower. She stood under the water for an inordinate amount of time. Tempted to ignore the alarm she decided against it. She couldn’t just give up, not when there was still a glimmer of hope. Maybe there would be a cure sooner rather than later; she wouldn’t hold her breath though.

Another typical morning that would have been unthinkable just a month ago. A month… or was it two or had it only been a few weeks? She rubbed the arch of her nose in irritation. This wasn’t normal, she couldn’t just accept it and give in. She clenched her fingers around the mug of coffee she gulped down. Not wanting a repeat of a few days ago when she shattered her coffee mug in anger she tossed it into the sink storming out the door.

She huffed in irritation reviewing the calendar in her implant. She’d forgotten there was a mandatory seminar today for female PrivSec field operatives and seemed to be the first in a series of ‘mandatory’ presentations. The subject was diplomatically titled ‘Dealing with feminine issues on the battlefield’. She sneered at the innocuous euphamism bitterly thinking about what they really meant. “Feminine issues...” she said with an angry scoff. She wasn’t sure what would be better if they were honest about calling it dealing with pissing your pants or their attempt at keeping things ‘mature’.

Emelie shifted her thighs together, the faint crinkling of her sentinel causing her to blush. The drive to work could be described as uneventful. The gnawing feeling in the pit of her stomach that they were taking too long to track down this Summoner character couldn’t be ignored. She didn’t want to end up with Walker being displeased at their performance. There was a lot riding on their success.

After letting her out the car pulled away leaving her in front of the PrivSec building, as it had so many days before. Hagar was speaking with sharply dressed woman, Emelie could barely make out the faint outline of a large diaper under her mid length skirt. Emelie frowned at the sight. She just couldn’t get used to seeing her fellow agents diapered like toddlers. Her boss simply smiled as she walked past. “Good morning sunshine.” he joked at her dour expression. She huffed, blowing a strand of hair from her face tempted to flip him off. Instead she forced an exaggerated smile. “Yes, I can’t wait to go to our potty training seminar.” she said in a glib tone. The woman he was speaking with blushed brightly at the mention of the seminar. Hagar just laughed again

“Careful Blackstar, the DoC has strict guidelines about vocabulary. Wouldn’t want to get written up.” he chided her, turning his attention back to the conversation he was having before. “Fucking kidding me? Vocabulary… what bullshit...” she cursed under her breath as she stormed away. She knew he had nothing to do with the rules and regulations being foisted upon her but at that moment she hated Hagar’s smug, shaved head. She retreated to her office with a second cup of coffee in hand. A second cup was a dicey proposition but in her irritation she didn’t care. Consequences be damned!

Slogging through her morning emails sipping at her cup of coffee she sighed. Reading the description of the seminar she had to go to. “Managing incontinence in the workplace.”

Her words were filled with venom as she read it aloud. “How ridiculous...” she growled angrily. No matter how it was phrased she couldn’t feel anything but shame and humiliation. PrivSec was spending money so she could cope with peeing her pants. She stewed in brooding silence for some time, passing the time in her office before she would have to go to the seminar.

When it the hour came it couldn’t be procrastinated any longer. A cursory check between her legs revealed a pleasant surprise. Her pullup was still dry for now. She was decidedly feeling the effects of the coffee however. Squeezing her thighs together she shut the shades over her office window with a flick of her hand before scurrying out the door. Being a few minutes late seemed like the only bit of rebellion she could get away with and not be penalized. Visiting the restroom was a shock. The construction on their floor had finished and she was greeted with the familiar sight of the women’s restroom with some unwelcome additions. Changing tables like the ones parents would use for their young children in public restrooms only these were clearly designed for grown women. Beyond that a full compliment of various changing supplies. To make space for the changing tables It looked like they’d reduced the number of stalls and by a significant amount as well!

“Ridiculous… we’re supposed to be using the toilet but they remove half of them?”

She grumbled to no one in particular. A nearby woman simply shrugged and continued washing her hands as Emelie entered the stall, slamming the door shut behind her. A slight wet splotch caught her eye on the inside of her pullup. “But… I didn’t even...” Emelie said quietly, wondering when that had happened. Already the reminder for the seminar had popped up in her hud but she rapidly dismissed it.

With her business taken care of she made her way towards the seminar. Checking the time in her implant she could see she was already four minutes late, victory. She pushed open the door, quietly making her way inside. A loud voice made itself known as she shut the door behind her. “How nice of you to join us Ms. Blackstar. There’s an expectation of timeliness with these presentations”

Emelie froze, peering up at the stage where the presenter had called her out. Glancing around the room most of the eyes were now on her. A trickle of urine dribbled into her protection. She folded her arms over her chest defensively

“I had to piss, or would you have rather I just went in my pants during the seminar.”

There was a quiet titter of laughter from some of the women inside the conference room as Emelie began making her way to an open seat. Fiona cringing in embarrassment at the behavior of her superior caught the corner of her eye. The presenter didn’t miss a beat, unperturbed by Emelie’s retort.

“I’ve specifically designed the course not to exceed the average holding ability of those with a D rank continence which shouldn’t be a problem for an A ranking like yourself.”

The rebuke stung, she could have argued with her more, gotten into a shouting match but she was already on thin ice. Wisely, she took the scolding and found a seat, her cheeks flush with embarrassment. She cleared her throat before continuing, clearly ready to make an example of the raven-haired agent.

“You should have gone to the restroom in advance Ms. Blackstar rather than procrastinating. With the recent update I know most of us can see our respective ‘levels’ so there’s no excuse which brings me back to my main topic.” she paused, pointing up at the large holographic display behind her.

“Time management and being proactive rather than reactive. Ms. Blackstar clearly needs to bone up on the advantages of being proactive with her waste management.” she continued to lecture.

She was beginning to deeply regret her decision. Two seats away the wide smirk of that bitch Veronica made itself known. Emelie shrunk down in her chair as she was continually made an example of.

“Because of our learned potty training skills at a young age we adopted poor toileting habits. Waiting too long, drinking too much before bed, overexerting ourselves that we could get away with before becoming affected. I know it’s been a struggle, I’m no different than any of you. I only qualified for a B continence ranking.”

Pausing as if to emphasize her point she pulled down the waistband of her professional skirt just enough to show the top of her diaper.

“But if we refocus our efforts and be proactive with our approach and focus on the basic potty training lessons we internalized so many years ago that have grown reflexive it can show a marked improvement! Already in preliminary tests we’re seeing upwards of five percent reductions in accidental releases.”

Emelie scoffed at the thought, folding her arms over her chest. “Five percent...” she repeated with a roll of her eyes. They expected them to waste their time with these ridiculous lessons for a measly five percent? A grimace twisted her face as a sudden cramp twisted her insides. “No… not now...” she shut her eyes, regretting the coffee she’d consumed earlier. The hand she placed on her stomach did little to help. How long was this set to continue for? She fidgeted in her seat whilst tuning out the presenter. The tsm indicator only listed her bowels at seventy-three percent full but the urge was growing more pressing.

“What’s wrong Blackstar, you look preoccupied?” a snide voice called out to her in a hushed tone.

Through gritted teeth Emelie hissed back at her “I’m fine...”

She tapped her foot impatiently, anything to keep her mind off this stupid presentation. This was supposed to help her not have an accident but if it kept going any longer it might cause her to have one…. Looking around at the sea of faces most women looked disinterested in what was being presented. She caught sight of Fiona, of course she was taking notes. Towards the back of the room Dianna was quietly chatting with another field agent Emelie didn’t recognize.

Her attention slowly returned to the presenting woman as she spoke, pointing up at the large screen now. What was she going on about now? The visual projected for them all to see only reminded her of the need to relieve herself. On the screen shown in large words recommended dietary changes and near the top of the list was coffee. Fingers drumming anxiously against her thigh she checked the time in her ocular implant, fifteen more minutes maybe? She ran her hands down her face letting out a frustrated sigh.

What was being discussed on screen now? Emelie’s attention returned to the seminar and she blushed at the topic being shown now. Different activities that might be too strenuous for their control displayed on the screen. Emelie rolled her eyes as standing up out of a chair was listed. “I can get out of a chair without pissing myself...” she whispered angrily. Another quick glimpse around the room and the blushing faces of many women including Veronica seemed to indicate that it was more common than she might think, something about the pelvic floor and the kegel muscles.

“Ms Blackstar would you please join me on stage?” the presenter asked. Emelie froze. All eyes in the room seemed to be on her. Of all the people she just had to choose her… She let out a noisy groan in protest and slowly pulled herself up from her chair when it seemed the presentation would not continue without her participation. She cursed herself for being late.

When she joined her at the front of the room her stomach gave a threatening gurgle. “You’re going to help me demonstrate a few exercises I would like everyone to start doing that will help improve kegel strength among other things.” Emelie winced, the thought of doing any amount of exercise right now was an unpleasant proposition. “Fine, let’s just get this over with… quickly.” she spat back quietly.

“First, stand up straight and hold both arms ahead of you. Once you’ve assumed the proper stand you’re going to crouch down, keeping your legs together. Dip down as low as you can go. Once you reach your limit hold it! Don’t come back up immediately. You should start to feel pressure, focus on that before standing up. Now go ahead and demonstrate please Ms. Blackstar, I’ll do it with you.”

As she had said, she held her arms straight out and mimicked the movement as she slowly began to crouch down. Couching like that didn’t help her urge. Immediately she could feel her body protest. Her face twisted in a grimace of discomfort. She continued to stand there, crouched over. Physically, with her reinforced muscles it wasn’t too difficult to maintain the pose when it was just a bodyweight exercise. With the minimal enhancements she had she could maintain that pose for quite some time. What was more concerning was the not exactly sudden but pressing need to defecate.

“When you squat, really concentrate on tightening the pelvic muscles.”

Emelie blinked hearing the instructors voice bringing her back to reality. She just gave a dismissive grunt, still unhappy about being used as an example for everyone. Her tormentor stood first walking to Emelie shortly after, not allowing her to stand up. She held her hand in front of Emelie’s hips gesturing to them “That’s were you’ll feel most of the pressure as the interconnected muscles attempt to force your sphincters open. Now stand please.”

Emelie shut her eyes and pushed back to a standing position flushing when a few drops of urine fell into the padding between her thighs. She could feel the strange quivering sensation in her bladder and bowel from the strain begin to subside. “wonderful, as you see you want to stand just like Ms. Blackstar. One, smooth fluid motion, keeping your back straight and your arms out until you reach your neutral standing position. Go ahead and demonstrate one more time.”

With a deep breath she help her arms out again, staring straight forward and squatted down slowly. Staring out she tried to ignore the sea of women watching her. It was all she could do not to glare at the instructor for bringing her up here and forcing her to do these inane exercises. The need to go returned again even worse. As she reached the nadir of her squat she felt it. She stopped her movement holding the position but her bowels moved of their own accord. Emelie’s eyes widened with surprise as the deliberate movement forced a soft, sticky glob of waste paste her wavering anus.

Emelie hadn’t thought standing on stage in front of everyone could get any worse but having shit her pullup made things much worse. At least she’d barely manage to regain control before it became a major accident. She could feel the small amount of mush desposited into her protection smearing between her cheeks.

“Are you okay Ms. Blackstar?”

“W...what? I’m fine… everything is fine… are we done?” she stammered quickly, praying that there was nothing else she required her assistance for. She couldn’t smell it could she? Emelie did her best to remain composed as panicked thoughts ran through her head, worried that her little incident might be found out. “Yes you’ve been quite instructive. You may return to your seat. Ahh, remember, slow, deliberate rise, keep your back straight and your arms out.”

Starting to rise back up she’d barely moved before freezing in place. If she stood from this position she was going to shit her pants. Another squirt of urine had dribbled into her undergarments from the brief motion. A little whimper escaped her lips. She couldn’t just stay standing there in front of everyone though. Balling her fists tightly the agent slowly forced herself back up. Clenching with all her strength she could feel the soft shit oozing into her underwear. Mercifully the slow accident was inaudible and as soon as she was standing she hobbled off the stage awkwardly pressing one hand against her bottom.

It wasn’t as bad as some of her prior accidents but a ginger touch at the back of her trousers could feel the faint outline of a lump. “No no no...” she whispered quietly. Stupid class, stupid instructor… stupid everything! The thought of having to sit in her own mess for the remainder of the seminar was none too pleasant either. She only prayed that no one else would be able to smell what she had done.

Returning to her seat she grimaced knowing there was no other way around it. Slowly she lowered herself onto the chair. Her accident squished against her, flattening out and spreading around when she was finally seated. The instructors words faded into the background as she plopped her head down into her hands groaning quietly to herself.

She wasn’t sure what to do. In a panic she sent a text to Aria. ‘Uhg I had an accident’ she wrote to her newly official girlfriend. Immediately after writing it she wanted to kick herself what a weird thing to say… who wanted to hear about their girlfriend shitting herself. A minute passed and nothing, that made her feel a bit better. Maybe she was busy with preparing for the evening’s opening.

‘Is that any different than normal~’ the teasing response came after another minute. Emelie groaned quietly at the response. Of course she would take the opportunity to tease her. The blush came back to her cheeks as she composed her response.

‘you’re one to talk!, I’m being serious… this is a disaster.’

There was a brief pause before Aria’s next message. The raven-haired woman could picture her partner pursing her lips in thought as she often did when she was formulating the perfect response.

‘Oh dear, do you want to tell me what happened?’

‘I had to go to a seminar for something stupid and it happened while I was on stage in front of everyone. It wasn’t a lot and I don’t think anyone noticed but I’m sitting in it now. I can’t leave until this presentation is over.’

‘Well, that’s not so bad. You’re always overreacting, nobody even found out. From the tone of it I’d thought you had leaked all over your work clothes silly girl.’

Emelie paused before writing her next message. The blush once more returned to her cheeks being called a silly girl. Aria had a point no one else had noticed and a quick glance to the people sitting near her confirmed that no one seemed to notice that anything was amiss. Still, it was disgusting having to sit there in her own filth.

‘I guess, but I still have to sit in it.’

‘You didn’t seem to complain about it the other night~’

‘ARIA, I’M AT WORK!’

‘So? You messaged me, I know you send all your communications through vpn anyway.’

‘That’s not the point!’

She had to pause and take a deep breath, hiding the hud of her implants for a moment to focus. Aria enjoyed winding her up, sometimes a bit too much. Emelie didn’t exactly relish the thought of being turned on in the middle of the presentation, not that she was paying attention anyway. The notification for a new message popped up in her implant. She took another second before looking at the latest message.

‘How bad was it? Did you just wet or did you mess too?’

Emelie couldn’t get how Aria was just so casual about such things. It was mortifying but she realized she hadn’t exactly been specific with her initial message. She didn’t just want to say she pooped her pants though! The gusset felt a bit sodden between her thighs, not bad but definitely soggy.

‘Both’

‘Oh you poor thing. I think someone needs mommy to take care of them~’

‘Aria...’

‘Do you still have to go?’

That question made her pause, what was Aria playing at? Immediately she was drawn back to the last night they had slept together… doing the things they did… in the state that their undergarments were in…

‘a little’

‘Well, you’ve already gone. You might as well finish~’

‘ARIA! I’m not gonna do… that’

‘Do it and you’ll get a reward~’

‘What reward?’

Had she really just responded with that? Was she really… actually considering it? Something about Aria… uhg, the way she could wrap her around her finger. There was no response.

‘Aria what reward?’

Still after that message there was no response. Damn that woman what kind of reward was she promising her? She had to know! Emelie tapped her foot impatiently waiting for a response. Glancing up at the presenter she was going on about some nonsense. Damn it she still hadn’t answered her.

‘Aria! You can’t just ignore me.’

Emelie ran her hand across her face, she knew what Aria was doing. A quiet whimper escaped her lips. She couldn’t resist Aria’s allure. Her fingers drummed against her thigh “Damnit Aria…” she whispered. Already she could feel that tingle between her legs that she felt when Aria had one over on her. It would be so easy to just give and push. How was Aria so good at getting her to do these things. A glance on either side of where she was sitting, luckily no one was sitting immediately next to her. Emelie checked her messages again in the vain hope that Aria had responded; she hadn’t.

It was already bad enough that she had been doing it more and more accidentally. Now she was about to do it on purpose. Leaning forward as subtly as she could she shut her eyes, pretended she was sitting on the toilet and cursed Aria’s name. Immediately a warm muddy substance rushed into her padded underwear. She scrunched her face ever so slightly, revolted by her decision. Thoughts clouded by arousal cleared with sudden realization of what she had done. Emelie could feel the mushy paste expanding beneath her. Anyone with enhanced hearing could likely hear the wet crackling coming from her.

“Fuck… fuck shit...” she hissed under her breath as she tried to stop. What was she thinking doing that!? A moment of weakness, a questionable decision and now the disgusting muddy feeling of siting in her pants full of warm soft shit. It was far too late to stop and when she leaned back in her chair the warm squelch caused her to scrunch her face, lamenting Aria and the sway she had over her. The only saving grace was the fact that since the seminar seemed to have ended no one was paying attention to her as she sat there. A few errant comments about the smell brought a blush to her face.

‘I… did it...’

After sending the message back to her girlfriend she looked up realizing that everyone was dispersing from the meeting room. Gingerly she slowly extricated herself from her seat and walked awkwardly towards the door. Each step was worse than the last. The slippery, sticky sensation of what had been a particularly soft and wet release shifted and mushed against her with each step.

‘Did what~’

Now she responds… Emelie let out a quiet whine pausing for a moment to angrily message Aria back.

‘You know exactly what!’

‘I have positively no idea Emelie dear, why don’t you elucidate me with exactly what you’ve done~’

She rubbed her face in exasperation. Worse even than the ‘accident’ weighing down her pullups was the glowing embers of arousal causing her to get hot and bothered. Part of her wanted to rush back to her office, lock the door and masturbate until she came in her shitty pullup. Damn that succubus knowing exactly how to push her buttons.

‘I pooped my pants.’

‘Dear oh dear, whatever am I going to do with you?’

‘Aria that’s not fair! You asked!’

‘Quit pouting and go change. Looks like someone isn’t ready for big girl panties yet.’

‘Aria!’

Before she could write anymore back to Aria however a mousey looking man approached her. “Agent Blackstar?” he began. Emelie narrowed her eyes at the man, sizing him up. He was a few inches shorter than her. She did her best to look imposing despite her dirty diaper, folding her arms over her chest. “Yeah and you are?” she responded gruffly.

He shuffled for a moment, pursing his lips, tapping something on the tablet he carried. “Uh… well, I’m from the department of compliance.” he began. Emelie froze, she’d been hearing a lot here and there about this new department… the department of compliance and what they dealt with and here she was standing in a full diaper. She could see her heart rate rising in her hud. The new department that the other women had been whispering about with disdain

Emelie opened her mouth to speak but wasn’t sure exactly what to say. It felt like she was a young girl not a mature woman. The awful weight in the seat of her diaper served to remind her of her foolish decision. As she stood there gaping at being caught before defaulting to what she knew best. “What do you want?” she asked, an obvious tone of irritation in her voice. The man wasn’t exactly tall. In fact he stood a few inches shorter than Emelie which helped but… he wasn’t the one standing there in a shit filled diaper.

A flinched preceded his response. He cleared his throat “Um… welll...” an awkward pause fell between them. He wrinkled his nose, sniffing a few times. Any attempt at trying to intimidate the shorter man melted away. He furrowed his brow, jabbing away at the datapad. “A...agent Blackstar have you had… an accident in your protection….”

No longer was she Field team leader, combat experienced, iron grit, weapon expertise, ace shot… she just looked at him awkwardly. “Th… that is none of your business!” she snapped angrily. Who was he to ask that!? He seemed taken aback by the outburst Another moment of awkward silence developed between the two as he seemed to gather his thoughts.

He cleared his throat and returned her attitude with a reproachful look. “As a Department of Compliance officer it is precisely my business!”

The sudden assertiveness in his voice as he stated that it was his business caught Emelie offguard. Resistance began to crumble further when he grabbed her by the wrist. “I was just going to question you about some of the discrepancies in your voiding diary but now I’m going to have to perform a field change since you seem incapable and your lying about the state of your undergarments is going in your record. If you’re not careful you’ll be going down a rank.”

It took all of her effort to not rip her hand away when he took her wrist. She contented herself with just a deep scowl wincing as she walked along bowlegged the uncomfortable feeling of a mound of shit weighing down her pullups. The threat of being demoted into something thicker caused her blood to run cold. These thin garments were already bad enough, having to work in one of those diapers Aria had taped her in brought a heavy blush to her cheeks. But now she was being escorted to have her diaper changed. “L...look that’s really not necessary I can take care of myself.” Emelie protested doing her best to be polite. When Aria did it was embarrassing enough.

“It’s simple DoC protocol. Any DoC employee is granted the purview to change a female operative’s undergarments if wet or soiled. it’s not healthy for your skin to wear it for so long.” he lectured the agent.

Hagar’s words about the Department of Compliance rattled around in her head and she found herself wishing she had read the new entries in the Employee handbook about the department. The pair continued to walk through the labyrinthine corridors of the Privsec building as she was escorted along.

After another few moments of thought she decided to try her luck again and mustering all the politeness she could manage she appealed to his sympathy. “Please, I was stuck in that seminar for so long. We just got out, I was on my way back to my office to change and you caught me by surprise. I’ve just been under a little bit of stress lately from my current assignment. I didn’t mean to snap at you, I’m… sorry about that.”

They slowed to a halt and she could hear a sigh escape his lips. His hand let go of her wrist, his shoulders slumped slightly as he turned back to face her. He was doing his best to wear a stern expression but it was noly half working. “I understand Ms. Blackstar. The change has been tough not just for you but all female agents. The Department of Compliance is just here to help. I won’t put what happened in your file but if it happens again… well you probably won’t get so lucky next time.”

Emelie uttered a sigh of her own, hers one of deep seated relief. She had just told him the truth… with a bit of embellishment but still it was based in the truth. “Now… go get changed… you really smell...” he said, wrinkling his nose.

Before he could say any more she was awkwardly waddling back to her office. His words continued to bounce around in her mind. The DoC was there to help? Who were they intended to help though, the women they purported to assist or Privsec?

Bridgette stretched her arms above her head leaning against the side of the street vendor’s stand as her order was prepared. Emelie had said she was going to contact her when she was free of corporate duties but so far she’d just been investigating the block alone while the other teams combed different areas. The thick absorbent padding around her hips drooped wetly between her thighs. A driver irritated with the traffic having laid on the horn as she happened to be passing by. The sudden shock was enough to loosen the hold over her bladder, flooding her diaper with hot liquid.

A box of noodles was placed on the counter next to her. The smell of steaming savory sustenance got her attention. Grabbing the food she gave a grunt and a nod towards the man and wandered off. Twirling a heaping portion of noodles around her chopsticks she took a large bite of her food chewing hungrily.

Inside her ocular implant she reviewed her map of the area, checking where she’d already been and the notes left by her and the other members of Emelie’s team. In the three days they’d managed to cover a significant portion of the block but hadn’t managed to turn up anything yet. The few people they had spoken too all seemed reluctant to say anything but whether that was because Emelie was a suit or they were scared of this ‘Summoner’ Bridgette couldn’t quite tell. So far though, she was impressed by the team’s coordination and thoroughness. Fiona kept a tight hold of things when Emelie wasn’t around. The bickering between the twins could get a bit grating at times though…

The midday sun continued to beat down on the brunette before she rounded the corner for some shade. She could feel sweat dampening the collar of her shirt and let out an irritated sigh. “It’s too damn hot out...” she complained to no one in particular when the comm link went off. “Bridgette, Fiona and Dianna reporting in. This section of the block is clear, no signs of anything. We’re knocking off for lunch and a change.”

“Copy that.” Bridgette responded, acknowledging their progress. The map flickered for a moment before it was updated with the latest information from the two agents. A few notes from Fiona about possible evidence, sightings, strange behaviors they had observed but nothing conclusive.

Reaching between her thighs when no one was looking she felt the state of her own diaper. It was soaked, she must have wet again without realizing it. She knew she could use a change herself. A grumble of irritation left her lips as she returned to her noodles and finished slurping them down.

She stepped into a nearby alley to dispose of the empty container in a dumpster. When she turned to return to the sidewalk a bottle shattered behind her. Bridgette jumped, another gush of urine soaked into her already saturated diaper. A warm trickle ran down her thigh as it leaked from the sudden release.

Her large handgun immediately found its way into her hands on instinct as she turned around. The alley still seemed dim and deserted. High walls of decaying apartment complexes on either side shaded her from the sun’s sweltering gaze.

The map dismissed in her hud visual indicators of the source of the shattering bottle were forming. Behind a second dumpster fifteen feet or so further into the alley. Irritated with herself for being so on edge by the whole situation she slowly went to check it out. It was probably nothing anyway.

Bridgette couldn’t have been more wrong. The heavily augmented, muscular brunette gasped when it came into view. She’d seen dead bodies before, but not like this… Faint whirring and clicking of servos activating grew audible. He… or she should have been lifeless, unmoving but the augments in their hand continued to remain active.

The body’s arm was outstretched on the ground. Its fingers slow scraped the asphalt repeatedly as if it was trying to drag itself along. Flesh worn away into bloody smears by the repetitious movements and the spine chilling sound of metal and bone scraping against the ground turned Bridgette’s stomach.

It continued to claw at the ground, trying to move itself to no avail. Bridgette took a step closer, still keeping her gun trained on the face down body. Slowly she crouched down next to it. In the squatting position she could feel the sodden padding pulled taught against her skin, squishing the almost gel like material against her womanhood, wringing a few drops of pee from the diaper into her skirt.

She tapped the muzzle of her gun against the side of it’s face. A tangled mass of hair hid their features. A few more taps with no response satisfied her. Whoever it was… well they were definitely dead now and had been for quite some time by the looks of the swelling. Fortunately for her olfactory augments dampened the intensely unpleasant smell of a decomposing body otherwise she would not have been able to stomach getting so close.

The whole body suddenly convulsed. Bridgette scrambled to her feet stumbling back. “What the fuck...”

She could only stare as the sound of decomposed flesh and sinew tearing came from the body. The stronger augment in the arm and hand of the body had pulled itself free separating at the shoulder with a sickening pop. The grizzly sound and sight of the arm extricating itself from the deadweight of the corpse caused Bridgette to recoil in fear.

Worse yet it her bowels moved of their own accord in response. The head of security grimaced as she felt it happening. By the time she realized what she was doing in her diaper it was too late to stop it. She pushed a large semisolid mass into the already soaked garment. The soft waste deformed and flattened into a formless pile underneath her rear making the soggy diaper bulge even more underneath her skirt. Brackish congealed blood oozed from the separating socket and mid accident she stepped forward, placing the sole of her shoe on the arm preventing its escape.

Through the team link she barked at everyone. “I’ve found something, get to my position immediately. Lynd, get Emelie. She’ll want to see this...”

Her hand wandered to the back of her skirt gingerly feeling her full diaper through the professional business attire. The fact that she’d messed herself seemed almost trivial compared to what she had found but it wouldn’t do to stay like this but she couldn’t just leave the biggest lead they had. Bridgette opened the comlink again and meekly added.

“and somebody bring me a change...”

