SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*057*2019-01-19 23:02

Thank you everyone. Continuing onwards with a shorter and somewhat risque segment.

The aircar’s engines purred quietly as it took her through the much less congested sky whilst her team suffered through a miserable car ride back to headquarters. All things considered the op had been a success. No casualties, minimal ammunition expended, and she didn’t even have to use the drone. It didn’t exactly feel like a rousing success though; not while her suit was filled with shit. Lowering herself as gingerly as possible into the seat of the aircar hadn’t been the most pleasant experience. Still, Emelie was glad to have the privacy of the aircar to herself while her team escorted the spoiled princess back to HQ.

The faint vibrations of the engine pulsing through the cabin was an almost pleasurable sensation. As disgusting as it was to have her own filth mushed all over her bottom and the pissy wet fabric clinging to her legs, there was something… something that sent a tingle down her spine. She bit her lip as a dirty thought crossed her mind. Scratch that… it was downright filthy. It was so wrong, so dirty, but she couldn’t help but wonder what it would feel like to rock her hips… maybe just a little. Part of her wanted to just wriggle around in the warm muddy feeling trapped inside her suit. “No, I shouldn’t.” she said quietly, feeling ashamed for even thinking such thoughts. ~~

“You’re a grown woman.” she scolded herself, drumming her fingers against the armrest. “...not a child.” she said. Those words were tough to say given her current predicament. A jolt of turbulence did what she decided she could not. The hydraulic suspension underneath the seat cushioned most of the shock, but it was still enough to cause a wet squelch. She could feel the effluence creeping up her lower back in the confines of her suit, and further down against her thighs.

It felt… dare she admit it… good? She was mortified to the core, but even still she gingerly brought her hand between her thighs, hesitantly touching the front of her suit. Her fingertips felt electric and she had to bite her lip to stifle a moan. Was she really about to pleasure herself in her dirty suit… Maybe, just a little bit… she thought to herself. She felt like such a degenerate, her fingers gently grazing the front of her suit. She could feel the gentle squish of poo underneath the combat suit material. It had spread forward touching her womanhood. The feeling of revulsion turned her stomach. She felt like she might throw up, but still… she rocked her hips ever so slightly letting out a sharp gasp of pleasure. “Fuck...” she hissed, through gritted teeth. ~~

There was another sudden jolt in the cabin and the armrest dug painfully into her side. She continued her exploration, applying a bit more pressure against the sodden groin of her suit. The cabin shook again with another jolt and the armrest dug into her side even harder. “Emelie, you’re a bad girl...” she said, her voice husky. “Emelie~...” she whispered again shutting her eyes. “Emelie...”… “EMELIE!” Her eyes shot open as she felt the pain in her side. It wasn’t the armrest of the aircar, but Taarna’s elbow digging into her side. Taarna hissed her name to get her attention. A dream… she shook her head, awakened by a sudden jolt of adrenaline when she realized that she was still in the SUV with the rest of her team. She stared at the silver haired woman.

Taarna gave her an odd look, lowering her voice. “You were...” she blushed. “Moaning in your sleep and uh, well… um, I just thought I should wake you up.” she said awkwardly. A crimson blush returned to Emelie’s cheeks. Not knowing how to react, her mind still foggy from the confusing dream state she just nodded, covering her face with both hands and rubbing her eyes. What on earth kind of dream was that… She pinched the wet fabric of her suit between her fingers, tugging it away from her thigh for a moment before letting it snap back in place. The girl had insisted she wouldn’t sit next to anyone who had shit themselves. That put Taarna and Emelie in the front. Drake volunteered to drive mostly because he wished to sit next to Taarna, which left Fi and Dianna sitting on either side of the still complaining ultralux girl. ~~

Emelie rubbed the bridge of her nose. All the windows were at least partially open, but the SUV still reeked of pissed and shit in pants. “It wasn’t what you think. Just forget about it.” she said in a whisper. Taarna just shrugged and squirmed in her seat making an unpleasant face. The mood in the car was tense, to say the least. Tense… and sticky… and disgusting. She checked their location through her implant, letting out a small groan when she saw how much farther they had to go. At least an hour, traffic permitting… Emelie was regretting not taking the aircar.

Rubbing her temples, she shifted in her seat vainly trying to make her situation somewhat more comfortable. “If we had taken MY aircar we would have been there already!” she said, making an exaggerated gagging noise. “I swear, father sent children to come get me! I think you all forgot your diapers!” she grumbled loudly. “Oh, shut up!” Dianna spat back. “You’re lucky we even came and got your sorry ass!” she continued. The girl scoffed and rolled her eyes, but before she could speak up, Emelie cleared her throat. “Dianna. Enough. We’re almost there, I apologize for the… inconvenience, but had we taken your vehicle you’d… need to replace the upholstery… and it’s against company policy to use personal vehicles for exfiltrating a target.”she explained through gritted teeth.

~~

“Of course… I guess it’s better you don’t ruin all my seats!” she said with a loud indignant huff. It took everything in her power to resist going off on the woman. Mercifully, she was quiet for the remainder of the ride… or as quiet as a spoiled ultralux girl could be, stuck in a less than savory situation. Emelie did her best to tune out what was happening, idly drumming her fingers against the armrest. She’d never wanted to get to her office more than this moment.

Seeing the PrivSec building come into view was pure relief. Only a few more minutes and she could change into a clean pair of pants. Just as good would be handing over this brat to her father and signing off on a successful grade B mission. That would certainly win some favor with her boss. The speed bump leading into the parking lot gave her one last unpleasant squish, eliciting a groan from Emelie as she felt the mush creep further up the back of her suit. Taarna had resorted to holding herself off the seat with her hands, a disgusted expression on her face. No sooner had the car stopped than Emelie was rushing out the door towards her office. “Drake, take the target to processing and handle the paperwork, the rest of you get cleaned up and take the rest of the day off.” she quickly blurted out, fleeing before anyone could question her order. ~~

It was an awkward run through the PrivSec lobby awkwardly tugging at the back of her suit. Mercifully, there wasn’t a line at the ID checkpoint and her biometrics flashed her through instantly. Early afternoon of a weekday meant the lower lobby was not as busy as it could have been, but still, people came and went… people that she had to run past, awkwardly trying to pretend she wasn’t running by covered in her own mess. The mad dash to her office was punctuated with more than a few dirty looks at the smell that quickly followed behind her. Muted comments about her not wearing protection reached her ears, but she said nothing, choosing instead to ignore them.

Arriving in the elevator she jabbed the button for her floor so hard she nearly broke it. "Please close please close..." she whispered under her breath, repeatedly pressing the button. The door quickly slid shut allowing her a moment of respite from the humiliation of her current situation. Turning her head she finally got a good look at her suit in the polished walls of the lift. Her combat suit was a disaster... What had started as a lumpy bulge distending the fabric of her suit had flattened and squished against her throughout the car ride. While the darkened urine stain had began to dry and fade an obvious brown had begun to seep through the fabric. Emelie groaned at how obvious it was. That wasn't the only problem; her thighs itched like crazy... it felt like she was getting a rash. Almost there... almost there... ~~

The elevator doors slowly revealed her destination. Wasting no time, she tore out of the lift walking as quickly as possible towards her office. Thank the heavens the floor seemed empty and Hagar wasn't waiting to ambush her the moment she stepped out. Her office door in sight; no one on the floor had caught her! The locks clicked open as she approached, and she threw herself inside, slamming the door shut. Panting for breath, she could hear a conversation coming to a pause. The color drained from her face. Joshua was sitting in a chair, leaning back and talking to Lynd, who was sitting on her desk. He turned the chair to face her and welcome her back.

"What the fuck are you two doing in my office!?" she blurted out. Pinching her thighs together, she held one hand in front of her groin in a hopeless attempt to hide her accident. Joshua wrinkled his nose as the smell hit him, Lynd fanning the air as she snickered at her misfortune. It had been just the previous day that she'd been caught in the same predicament. "Windows, open." Emelie barked. The panes of glass behind her desk cracked open with a quiet hum.

"I passed the aptitude tests." Lynd beamed, seeming unperturbed by Emelie's irritation. "That's great, but does not answer my question." Emelie said through gritted teeth, forcing herself to remain somewhat cordial. "Oh... I came to pick up Lynd, and figured you might want a ride too since your car's probably not done yet." Joshua spoke up. He was trying to be discrete about it, but she could see him staring at the wet splotch she was trying to hide as she made her way towards the wall she normally stored her suit in. "You..." he opened his mouth before she turned and glared at him. "Not... a... word... I know what I did." she said, her voice shuddering with embarrassment. Lynd couldn't help herself and giggled again at her misfortune. ~~

The wall folded open, revealing the suit she had worn to the office before changing into her combat uniform. A horrifying realization began to set in. How was she going to clean up? She had clean clothes to change into, but nothing to clean herself with. Running her finger down her chest, the material of the suit split apart under her touch. She immediately regretted the decision as the smell worsened, coaxing a small gag from the woman. “Um… isn’t there a shower you can use?” Joshua asked. “Joshua…I realize that you’re tactless, but I am NOT getting my shit all over an office shower!” she hissed in irritation.

“I just… we’ll have to figure something else out I...” she said with a frown, looking at Joshua for a better solution. “Think of something.” she snapped. “I’ll um… get you some paper towels… or something.” Joshua said awkwardly, standing up from the chair and making his way towards the door. Almost commenting on the large package of unopened diapers sitting next to the office’s door, he decided against it and quickly left. Emelie quietly whispered her thanks, looking longingly at her clean suit trousers. “What was that about being a grown woman and not needing those?” Lynd teased, reminding Emelie of how she had treated her in the morning for getting her own protection. Emelie bit her lip; it was tough to argue with her in the current condition she was in. “I’m sorry...” she spat, humbled in front of the younger woman. ~~

“Ahh, I’m just teasing you.” Lynd said, breaking out in giggles again. “Oh, and I’ve got good news! They assigned me to your team! I’m your new Watcher!” she beamed. Emelie groaned loudly in disbelief. “You cannot be serious.” she said. “Yup! I’ll be slicing for your operations. Since your team was operating without one for a while now, they offered me the spot and I said yes! Oooh, it’s so exciting! I never thought I’d be working for PrivSec!” she exclaimed, bouncing up and down with youthful exuberance. “I still have to go through orientation and some other junk but yeah, I’m totally psyched!” she beamed.

“That’s great Lynd...” Emelie said, looking and sounding completely nonplussed. “I just want to change!” she griped. “I understand...” Lynd said, her voice filled with empathy as she hopped off Emelie’s desk. The door opened and Joshua came back in. A large water bottle in one hand and a huge handful of paper towels in the other. “I did what I could and… your boss wants to talk with you. I told him you were busy and he seemed to buy it but he seemed irritated about something. I don’t know, Hagar always seems like he’s got a stick up his ass. Anyway… come on Lynd… give her some privacy.” Joshua said, beckoning the younger girl out after him. “We’ll be outside Em.” Emelie nodded, cheeks flushed. The door hissed open and the two left. “Finally...” she whispered, letting herself be overwhelmed by everything. Em let out a heavy sigh and continued with the terrible task that awaited her. ~~

Some twenty minutes later Emelie emerged from her office wearing her clean suit, looking very much the proud woman she normally carried herself as. “Alright, let’s get going… I’m famished.” she said. Lynd nodded in agreement. “Yeah! Me too, let’s get some food on the way back.” she exclaimed. Joshua shrugged. “Sure, okay.”

“Oh wait, I just have to take care of one thing before we head out.” Emelie said.

*060*2019-02-06 03:07

Oh, thanks PW. Missed your comment.

Just a disclaimer there's a male scene. Gf used one of her points from identifying a reference and requested it.

"I'll meet you at the car, just have to take care of something real quick. Seeing that package of garments by her door reminded her. She had to just suck it up... visit the doctor, apologize, and hope that she adjusted her continence ranking. Surely it had just been out of spite... the doctor had even told her that she showed exemplary continence...Before she'd lost her temper at her, anyway. Joshua shrugged "Sure, doesn't bother me." he commented, beckoning Lynd to come along. The younger girl frowned for a moment. Nonchalantly she pressed her hand against the front of her skirt, checking her padded undergarment.

"I'm...uh, thinking I'm gonna change before we go." she said with a hint of embarrassment shading her cheeks. "Suit yourself, I'll be outside." he said, shrugging and shaking his head as he walked off. Emelie had already disappeared into the labyrinthine hallways of the corporate structure. Looking up the location of the doctor's office through her implants, she quickened her pace. The sooner she spoke with the woman the sooner this nightmare would lessen. ~~(edited)

Fortunately, the doctor was in her office. Emelie hesitated, her hand hovering over the door; what if she said no? What if... she was stuck in those things... The door opened with a hiss before she had a chance to knock. The doctor immediately blanched upon seeing Emelie in the doorway. “W-wait, before you do anything rash, please let me explain!” Emelie sighed and stepped in. "I’m not here to cause trouble…" Her reassurance didn’t seem to assuage the mousy woman’s worries; through her facial recognition implant Emelie could see she was still very much intimidated by her presence. "I... wanted to apologize." she began. The doctor blinked in surprise. "I was out of line when I... lost my temper." Emelie began. Surprise... confusion... compassion... the doctor's expression instantly softened when she began her sincere apology.

"It's just been difficult accepting..." she hesitated again. "No, you don't need to say it." the doctor said with a remorseful frown. "I shouldn't have done what I did... I wasn't lying when I said you tested in the top percentile of all the women I evaluated." Guilt plastered her face. Clearly, altering Emelie's continence grade had not been an easy thing for the doctor. "I'm sorry... I'll change it to what it should be, and I'll send a note to your quartermaster about the mistaken grade. You'll be able to requisition the appropriate garments moving forward." she said with a hint of a smile. Emelie smiled back; fortunately that had been much less painful than she anticipated! "I appreciate your candor, doctor." Emelie said after a few moments of awkward silence. She nodded emphatically. "We really shouldn't be at each others throats right now... not with this sort of thing hanging over us." she said with a frown. Emelie grunted in agreement, her stomach growling with hunger. ~~

“Is there anything else I can help you with?” the doctor said with a deep breath, happy to have resolved the situation amicably. “Nah, I’m fine.” Emelie replied, moving towards the door as the doctor dismissed her. “Well, if anything else comes up, please don’t hesitate. I know this is a stressful time, and we in the medical branch are doing all we can to help.” she offered before Emelie disappeared out the door. Finally, she could put this day behind her. Drake had scrambled after Taarna after turning the ultralux girl at the front desk. The slicer hid it well, but working so closely for so long had fostered a deep, almost tender relationship between the two. Though there was nothing official, the two might as well have been dating.

By the time he’d caught up with her she was already in the locker room. Still wearing her suit, she was holding her head in her hands and sniffling. “Hey… hey, it’s okay.” he said quietly as he rushed to her side. The water from the showers echoed from the other room as he sat next to her, putting his arm around her shoulder. Taarna perked up somewhat, resting her head on his shoulder and wiping her eyes. “It… it’s not okay. I had an accident… in front of everyone… on a mission!” she said with a quiet sniffle. He sighed and kissed her on the top of the head. “Well, you saw the commander… she did it too, and the chief of DR security too… she had an accident” he said, trying to figure out some way to comfort her. “I guess… but still, I don’t think I’ve ever been more humiliated in my life.” she continued. “I know it’s not easy, but it’s not a big deal Taarna, you’re not the only one out there suffering from these... issues.” he said trying to put it diplomatically. ~~(edited)

She huffed “It is a big deal Drake! I’m sitting here with a load of shit in my suit like I’m a toddler.” she said, raising her voice at him. “And how would YOU know?” she said indignantly. He flinched; what she was saying had some truth to it. A terrible idea flickered through his head, and he stood, grabbing her by the hands and pulling her up with him. Taarna recoiled at the soggy, sticky noise her pants made when she stood. “What are you doing?” she asked him, starting to sound annoyed with his attempts at comforting her. “You just don’t get it...” she added. Drake shook his head and shushed her. Nothing happened. The two stood there looking at each other. Drake scrunched his face ever so slightly and balled his fists tightly.

It took a moment for her to realize what he was doing. It struck her as she looked down and saw a small wet patch blossoming on the front of his suit. She covered her mouth and watched with morbid fascination. It was extremely difficult to go against years and years of potty training. “You… you’re...” she said, wide eyed. She couldn’t turn her eyes away as the glistening wet spot rapidly increased in size, quickly encompassing the whole front of his suit before trailing down his legs. He moaned softly with relief as hot urine flowed down his thighs.

With his long hair, delicate features, and now sodden combat suit, he could have easily been mistaken for a woman. His bladder wasn’t the only release either. He let out a quiet grunt and gave one final push. A quiet crackle accompanied the hiss that was slowly losing its intensity. His eye twitched and after a moment he finally relaxed. “There, now you can’t say I don’t know what it’s like.” he teased. She wrinkled her nose as a new foul smell joined her own rank scent. “It… it’s not the same!” she said, punching him in the chest gently. “It’s not a big deal, see?” Drake said with a comforting smile as he spun around for her, showing off the noticeable bulge in the seat of his pants. ~~

Taarna went quiet and looked at her feet before throwing her arms around him, burying her face against his shoulder. He smiled and shook his head with a chuckle. “Come on, let’s get each other cleaned up.” Drake said, stroking her hair. “Noooo, I don’t want you to see me like this!” she said with a playful pout. “Too bad!” he said, picking her up with a squeal, carrying her towards the toilets. Joshua looked up as Emelie as she pulled open the door.

“There you are, thought you got lost for a minute.” he teased. Em rolled her eyes “I had to go to the other side of the campus. I was only ten minutes.” she said indignantly. “Fifteen, and I was just teasing you… you know you make it too easy right?” the scruffy man said with a chuckle. “Whatever, shave your goatee, you look like bum.” she retorted. Lynd started giggling from the backseat. Joshua laughed and shook his head, his ragged brown hair flowing with the movement of his head. “You’ve really got to work on your comebacks, Em.”

“Just go pick up some fast food. I’m famished.” she insisted. Lynd piped up from the backseat in agreement. “YES!” she exclaimed. “Normally I don’t condone eating in my car, but… I’ll let it slide this time.” he said as his car lurched into gear and sped from the parking lot. Joshua could scarcely believe just how much the two ended up ordering. His teasing words about fast food were ignored amidst the happy chomps as they devoured their meals. ~~

A message popped up on Emelie’s HUD, distracting her from the bounty of cheap, greasy food. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the sender… Aria. She hesitated, the feeling of shame from that night flooding back into her mind. Em took another bite before opening the message. ‘My little Murtaziq, we should talk. I want to see you again~ Aria’… straight to the point. Aria was always like that… She shut her eyes for a moment leaning back into the seat. It was fortunate she did… in a split second she suddenly felt the inertia of sudden acceleration shoving her back into the seat. The exhaust snapped and spit fire as the deafening roar overwhelmed the cabin.

“This little fucker.” Joshua shouted as Lynd let out a surprised yelp, splashing soda into her face as she was thrown backwards. Emelie barely held onto her food and felt a dribble of warmth trickle from between her legs. “Joshua, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!?” she yelled. “DO YOU WANT ME TO PISS MY PANTS!?” she continued angrily. Most of the traffic just disappeared behind them, but one car was barely managing to hang on.

“You’re a big girl” he spat back, gripping the wheel tightly as the car continued to hurtle forward. “This bastard has been fucking egging me on ever since we got on the freeway!” The roguish man swerved around a car going much slower than they were. Slowly he was managing to pull ahead, the whine of the other car’s exhaust paling in comparison to the snarling roar coming from Joshua’s red four wheeled monster. Emelie held on for dear life, gripping the handle above the window with one hand and clinging to the center arm rest with the other. “SLOW THIS FUCKING CAR DOWN OR SO HELP ME GOD!” she shouted. Lynd, having wiped the soda from her face, was now giggling maniacally as they sped down the freeway. ~~

The other car had all but faded into the rearview mirror. Joshua’s middle finger flew out the window, waggling at the distant car. “Fine, you big baby.” he said, sharply letting off the throttle. A chorus of crackles and pops burbled from the exhaust overrun. A fireball popped noisily, and just as they crested the corner’s apex an SCPD officer sitting on the side of the road came into view. “Oh… fuck me.” Joshua muttered… as the lights immediately illuminated and the sirens pierced the air. The sound of screeching tires was barely audible through the roar of the engine.

“Are you… are you still going!? Pull the fuck over!” Emelie shouted at him angrily, still holding on for dear life. “Do you know how much a ticket would be at...” he paused to look down at the speedometer. “One hundred and fifty seven miles per hour...” he said. The color drained from Emelie’s face. She stammered for a moment.

“WE’RE GOING ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY SEVEN MILES PER HOUR?!” she exclaimed in surprise. Joshua laughed “Yeah, fast isn’t it? That new tune is really something.” he said casually as the speedometer crept higher and higher. “I’m not fucking joking Joshua! This isn’t funny!” she shouted before he swerved around another car, narrowly missing the other motorist. Had she not been holding on tightly she would have been thrown against the window when he swerved around another vehicle. His car gave a slight wiggle, threatening to break traction before settling down. Joshua flicked a toggle switch on the dash randomizing the license plate, as if it mattered. Not letting off the throttle they continued to surge forward faster and faster. ~~

“If I was still SCPD I would arrest you myself!” she barked at him. “Em, calm down. It’s fine.” Joshua said calmly. Momentarily he removed his hand from the wheel and squeezed hers. She slapped his hand away “Put your hand back on the fucking wheel… and just so you know, I’m kicking your ass later.” Emelie spat. “Fair enough.” he chimed back. The original interceptor that had spotted them faded far into distance behind them, but the sound of sirens was slowly growing louder. “Um… Joshua?” Lynd piped up from the rear seats, craning her head to look out the rear window. “Yes Lynd?” he asked, as if everything was perfectly normal.

“They brought an air unit… just thought you should know.” the young woman said nonchalantly. Emelie folded her arms over her chest, relinquishing her deathgrip on the interior bits. She looked rather smug with the development. “Ready to give up?” she asked almost as if she was rooting for his capture. Joshua shook his head, shooting a fleeting smirk towards Emelie. “Lynd… you know how I said you shouldn’t slice anything for the wrong reasons anymore?” he said, having to raise his voice to be heard over the droning roar of the exhaust. She giggled and the swirling vortices of color in her irises began to pulsate faster as she got to work. 

“I already started~” she chimed in with a singsong voice. “Pull the vehicle over or we will be forced to use countermeasures.” the police aircar blared through a loudspeaker as it flew overhead, keeping pace with Joshua’s driving. “and set them down gently!” he felt the need to remind Lynd. Emelie rolled her eyes at the situation. Her eyes widened as she looked ahead and saw a car in each lane that would impede their path. “Oh no… no no no. Joshua… Joshua!” she exclaimed as he showed no sign of slowing down. At the last second he veered into the shoulder. The passenger side mirror smashed into the car, shattering into bits of plastic and glass in a fraction of a second. ~~

The sudden impact coaxed a surprised yelp from Lynd, who had been previously enjoying the wild ride. The pullup under her skirt warmed considerably as she dribbled from the surprise. Emelie flinched, feeling another jet of pee soak into the seat of her pants. She realized she’d started holding her breath after the sudden impact; finally she took another adrenaline fueled breath. “How’s that slice coming Lynd?” he asked. Outrunning an interceptor was one thing, but an aircar was another matter altogether. “It’s coming… it’d go faster if you stopped hitting things!” she exclaimed. “I only hit one thing!” Joshua said indignantly.

“Children!” Emelie interjected. “Slow down Joshua.” Emelie said after scolding them both. “Em, we’re in too deep. I already told you I...” he began before she cut him off. “No you dolt. I need you to get off the freeway. In...” she paused, checking the map of the surrounding area in her implant. “Four exits… try to keep us in one piece until then.” she said sardonically. Joshua pursed his lips but nodded. Lynd was otherwise preoccupied with the aircar’s security, a look of concentration blanketing her face. “Stupid cops updated their dumb security protocols. I’ve done this a million times before!”Lynd griped as Joshua shifted gears again, the exhaust spouting another fireball. “You’re a big girl, you can adapt.” Joshua shouted from the front seat. The blond haired girl let out a huff, blowing her bangs from her face before letting out a surprised “kyaaaaah!” as he swerved around another car, narrowly missing it and nearly throwing Lynd into the other seat. ~~

Emelie hissed, breathing in heavily after the near miss. “and watch out for that one… and the exit!” Emelie shouted. “Handling it dear.” Joshua said, sharply jerking the car back the other way. “annnd hold on.” he said suddenly. The two girls barely had time to react before he stabbed the brakes. The car pitched forward as he quickly scrubbed off speed for the offramp. Emelie nearly hit the dash and Lynd was thrown forward against Joshua’s seat. The tires squealed and smoke billowed as they shot around the offramp.

The aircar’s engines thrummed noisily overhead as it overtook them, unable to stop as sharply and turn as deftly as Joshua’s low slung car. Smoke billowed out from the rear tires as the tail slid out, pitching the whole car sideways. Emelie found herself holding her breath again, breathing once again when the car straightened itself out and they shot out of the exit. “Your chromashift paint still works right?” Emelie asked, giving Joshua a look. “Oh, yeah… I think so...” he said. The police overhead could be gaining back the ground they’d lost around the turn. “This is your LAST warning. Pull over or we will open fire.” a loudspeaker boomed from overhead. “Punch it you reckless fuck.” Emelie said with a smirk, pointing in front of them. “E block tunnel. Can’t follow us inside.” she noted. ~~

“I knew there was a reason we were friends.” Joshua quipped with a snicker as they made a mad dash towards the tunnel. “Get in the tunnel, shift the paint and turn around. Drive right back out past them.” she added. Joshua just nodded. Finally, Lynd piped up from the back. “Aha! I GOT IT! Take that!” she beamed with pride. Suddenly the noisy thrum of the aircar engines was slowly fading from earshot. “annnnd execute landing sequence. “Oh my goood that was such a chore. Trawling SCPD social media accounts to find a dispatcher to get the car ID that was chasing us, getting the roster list of who was piloting, stuffing passwords like crazy. You know, you two should really thank me.” she babbled on. Behind them they could see the aircar slowly descending.

“See Em? Not a big deal.” Joshua said in a cocksure tone. Emelie was most assuredly not amused, even if he was only half serious. “Let’s TRY to remember that we are supposed to be law abiding citizens.” Emelie chastised them both. 

“You know the speeding laws are fucking archaic here.” he said, flipping another toggle switch on the dash. The metallic red of the car flickered for a moment before slowly darkening. “That is not the point!” she said punching him in the arm after he turned the car around to leave the tunnel the way they entered. He winced from the punch in the arm. “I should kick your ass for pulling crap like this!” Emelie continued. As they exited the tunnel two SCPD motorcycles blasted past in the opposite direction. The tension in the car lifted and Emelie punched Joshua in the arm again. “For good measure.” she said. Joshua groaned in pain. “Point taken.” he hissed. “Just stop fucking punching me!” he said to which she responded simply “Then stop being such a bastard.” ~~

The adrenaline from the situation faded as a renewed calm seemed to settle in the car, now that they were no longer being chased by the police. She shifted in her seat, the clammy wet truth of her soggy situation was staring her in the face. Her butt was wet… quite wet… She looked down glumly at her lap; fortunately nothing showed on the front of her pants. Regardless, she’d just changed and when she got home she was going to need a shower. Emelie could still feel a vague need to relieve her bladder, but it wasn’t pressing… not after releasing a large amount into her pants and the upholstery underneath her. Maybe it was finally time to relent… just for now… she couldn’t keep denying reality.

What if her dwindling continence grew worse? These kinds of incidents could continue to get more severe. She stared out the window glumly at the thought of voluntarily wearing one of those brightly colored garments because she could barely keep herself dry anymore. She drifted back to Aria’s message, reading it once again. She wanted to write her back but she couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d done in the middle of Aria’s office. Emelie began composing a response, staring at the blinking cursor in her implant’s HUD. 

After a few minutes of nothing she dismissed the message; she’d write her back later. Now, she needed to look at options for… protection. That stupid euphemism. They called it something discrete and innocuous to spare her pride but then they made them in such girly colors and printed them with such childish designs. She browsed a few store fronts but all she saw… how could she bring herself to wear those. Emelie shook her head and shut her eyes; she could look later. ~~

A few minutes later she felt the car stopping. They had arrived home. “Well ladies, it’s been real. Oh, and Em, let me know when you can give me the money you promised.” he said. Emelie blinked and stared at him in confusion; it took her a moment to remember what he was talking about. “Oh, right… yeah, to cover your CBA. I’ll transfer the money tomorrow. Talent recruitment bonuses are usually paid out next day.” she said, opening the door. Lynd hopped out of the back seat after Emelie, waving to Joshua. “Byyyye!” she chirped. He just chuckled and waved back.

Emelie turned to look at Lynd as Joshua pulled away. “Don’t you have your own place?” Em asked. Lynd chuckled nervously. “Well, yes and no… mostly no” she began. The younger blonde’s answer did not inspire much confidence in Emelie, who just looked at her with a nonplussed expression. “Fine, just follow me.” she said plainly. Lynd nodded, following after Emelie. She took care not to say anything about the wet splotch on the seat of her suit pants. “I, uhhh...sliced my way into a wealthy couples apartment. It was up for sale and no one was living there. It was way overpriced anyway. Really, I was doing them a favor looking after it.” she said with a giggle. “Uh huh.” the agent responded; clearly she wasn’t buying it. “But now that I’m working at PrivSec I’ll find a new place closer!”

“See that you do. My hospitality only goes so far.” she said with a grunt, opening the door for them both. “I’m going to shower and take a nap. Do whatever… just don’t mess with my stuff.” Emelie said with a dismissive wave of her hand. She thought about asking Lynd for one of the pullups she had purchased this morning, but in the end decided against it. At home she should be fine. ~~

“Okidokes.” Lynd said with a shrug and went to plop herself down on the couch, flicking the TV on. Emelie left her to her own devices and trudged to the bathroom. A hot shower sounded glorious; it had been a trying day. Tossing off various articles of clothing as she walked towards the bathroom, she wrinkled her nose. The sharp smell of urine stung her nostrils. She groaned and disappeared into the steaming water for the next hour. When she finally emerged she paused, considering getting a bite to eat. She could hear the quiet din coming from the TV.

Instead, Emelie continued to her bedroom, plopping herself down on the bed and falling asleep in a matter of minutes. An hour? Two? She wasn’t sure how long it’d been when a gentle knock roused her from her sleep. “Um, Em? Someone’s here to see you.” Lynd’s voice came from the doorway. “She uh… let herself in.” An incomprehensible stream of grumbles came from the drowsy woman. She pushed herself up at a glacial pace, finally talking so Lynd could understand her.

“I’ll be there in a minute.” she dismissed the girl. Emelie rubbed her face with her hands, trying to wake herself up, not even thinking about who could have let herself into her apartment. When she finally emerged from her bedroom she was wearing a baggy pair of pants and a top that revealed a bit of her stomach. Maybe Aria had come to pay her a visit? She yawned, turning the corner into her living room. Lynd looked up and pointed towards the kitchen. “The scary woman is in there.” she said. Emelie blinked, scratching her head. “Scary woman?” she mused. On cue the same silvery haired woman popped her head up from rummaging through Emelie’s fridge. ~~

“How do you not have any Cadre cola?” she asked, throwing the door shut. “I don’t remember inviting you in.” Emelie said blankly. “You didn’t.” the silver haired woman said dismissively, as if she had the authority to go where she pleased whenever she pleased. “This isn’t a social call Blackstar.” she said, wasting no time getting down to business. The tight multi-toned leather uniform of the wraith squeaked ever so slightly as she walked around the counter to stand face to face with Emelie. Emelie grumbled under her breath. “I just finished a priority B mission, can’t this wait?” she said with another yawn. “Put on your big girl panties, I’ve got a potential lead, unless I was wrong in inviting you and you’re just like the other pants wetters.” she needled the proud woman with a smirk, tossing her silvery hair from her face.

