SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*073*2020-12-25 22:29

Merry christmas, this chapter may be a little disjointed and rough as it was written over the course of far too long as inspiration waned. Nevertheless, another chapter has been completed.

Three days and what did they have to show for it… nothing. For a high profile target like the summoner who didn’t seem to be all that concerned with keeping a low profile he was certainly a difficult person to track down. It was the kind of tedious work that Emelie did not enjoy, following up on leads in person with her team while Lynd scoured the net. At least she and her new, albeit temporary partner Bridgette were getting along swimmingly. She hadn’t even been able to spend much time with Aria after making things official. After work she was too exhausted to do much else other than head home and crash.

On the plus side though she’d been managing her accursed incontinence better than anyone on her team and substantially better than Bridgette. The reports that had started being distributed to her in the morning for her to ‘review’ felt perverse in a way. Something so intimate as her team’s bathroom habits should have been private even from her. On the upside though, it afforded her a modicum of pride knowing that she as keeping her pants dry better than her subordinates.

Emelie lay in bed, her apartment oddly silent without Lynd crashing on her couch. After waking up dry the previous morning and sitting on the toilet for ten minutes to wring every last drop of urine from her bladder she’d gone to sleep without protection. Feeling emboldened by her success had been a mistake. The clinging sensation of pissy sheets clung to her thighs and the acrid scent of tepid urine stung her nose. Her alarm would soon go off but still she stayed under the covers, despite the urine pooled around her, soaking into her sheets and pajamas. Part of her hoped it had all been a strange and twisted dream but with each passing morning and subsequent pair of sopping wet underwear it seemed like keeping control of her bladder and bowels was just a fantasy.

It shouldn’t be put off any longer. She cursed under her breath, finally throwing the covers off. The wet splotch dampened a large portion of her fitted sheet. Worryingly it seemed each time she did wet the bed the stain was larger and larger… Feeling a few errant drops of pee run down her legs she let out a small shudder. Once more the stark reality set in and a sullen mood overtook her. How much longer would she have to deal with this? Was Nyx getting anywhere with her investigation? It was all so frustrating! She hadn’t even realized tears were starting to fall down her cheek. She sniffled a few times, wiping her eyes but still the tears fell. “It… it’s not fair!” she shouted in a cathartic outburst.

With her sheets once more in the washing machine along with the mattress cover she dragged herself to the shower. She stood under the water for an inordinate amount of time. Tempted to ignore the alarm she decided against it. She couldn’t just give up, not when there was still a glimmer of hope. Maybe there would be a cure sooner rather than later; she wouldn’t hold her breath though.

Another typical morning that would have been unthinkable just a month ago. A month… or was it two or had it only been a few weeks? She rubbed the arch of her nose in irritation. This wasn’t normal, she couldn’t just accept it and give in. She clenched her fingers around the mug of coffee she gulped down. Not wanting a repeat of a few days ago when she shattered her coffee mug in anger she tossed it into the sink storming out the door.

She huffed in irritation reviewing the calendar in her implant. She’d forgotten there was a mandatory seminar today for female PrivSec field operatives and seemed to be the first in a series of ‘mandatory’ presentations. The subject was diplomatically titled ‘Dealing with feminine issues on the battlefield’. She sneered at the innocuous euphamism bitterly thinking about what they really meant. “Feminine issues...” she said with an angry scoff. She wasn’t sure what would be better if they were honest about calling it dealing with pissing your pants or their attempt at keeping things ‘mature’.

Emelie shifted her thighs together, the faint crinkling of her sentinel causing her to blush. The drive to work could be described as uneventful. The gnawing feeling in the pit of her stomach that they were taking too long to track down this Summoner character couldn’t be ignored. She didn’t want to end up with Walker being displeased at their performance. There was a lot riding on their success.

After letting her out the car pulled away leaving her in front of the PrivSec building, as it had so many days before. Hagar was speaking with sharply dressed woman, Emelie could barely make out the faint outline of a large diaper under her mid length skirt. Emelie frowned at the sight. She just couldn’t get used to seeing her fellow agents diapered like toddlers. Her boss simply smiled as she walked past. “Good morning sunshine.” he joked at her dour expression. She huffed, blowing a strand of hair from her face tempted to flip him off. Instead she forced an exaggerated smile. “Yes, I can’t wait to go to our potty training seminar.” she said in a glib tone. The woman he was speaking with blushed brightly at the mention of the seminar. Hagar just laughed again

“Careful Blackstar, the DoC has strict guidelines about vocabulary. Wouldn’t want to get written up.” he chided her, turning his attention back to the conversation he was having before. “Fucking kidding me? Vocabulary… what bullshit...” she cursed under her breath as she stormed away. She knew he had nothing to do with the rules and regulations being foisted upon her but at that moment she hated Hagar’s smug, shaved head. She retreated to her office with a second cup of coffee in hand. A second cup was a dicey proposition but in her irritation she didn’t care. Consequences be damned!

Slogging through her morning emails sipping at her cup of coffee she sighed. Reading the description of the seminar she had to go to. “Managing incontinence in the workplace.”

Her words were filled with venom as she read it aloud. “How ridiculous...” she growled angrily. No matter how it was phrased she couldn’t feel anything but shame and humiliation. PrivSec was spending money so she could cope with peeing her pants. She stewed in brooding silence for some time, passing the time in her office before she would have to go to the seminar.

When it the hour came it couldn’t be procrastinated any longer. A cursory check between her legs revealed a pleasant surprise. Her pullup was still dry for now. She was decidedly feeling the effects of the coffee however. Squeezing her thighs together she shut the shades over her office window with a flick of her hand before scurrying out the door. Being a few minutes late seemed like the only bit of rebellion she could get away with and not be penalized. Visiting the restroom was a shock. The construction on their floor had finished and she was greeted with the familiar sight of the women’s restroom with some unwelcome additions. Changing tables like the ones parents would use for their young children in public restrooms only these were clearly designed for grown women. Beyond that a full compliment of various changing supplies. To make space for the changing tables It looked like they’d reduced the number of stalls and by a significant amount as well!

“Ridiculous… we’re supposed to be using the toilet but they remove half of them?”

She grumbled to no one in particular. A nearby woman simply shrugged and continued washing her hands as Emelie entered the stall, slamming the door shut behind her. A slight wet splotch caught her eye on the inside of her pullup. “But… I didn’t even...” Emelie said quietly, wondering when that had happened. Already the reminder for the seminar had popped up in her hud but she rapidly dismissed it.

With her business taken care of she made her way towards the seminar. Checking the time in her implant she could see she was already four minutes late, victory. She pushed open the door, quietly making her way inside. A loud voice made itself known as she shut the door behind her. “How nice of you to join us Ms. Blackstar. There’s an expectation of timeliness with these presentations”

Emelie froze, peering up at the stage where the presenter had called her out. Glancing around the room most of the eyes were now on her. A trickle of urine dribbled into her protection. She folded her arms over her chest defensively

“I had to piss, or would you have rather I just went in my pants during the seminar.”

There was a quiet titter of laughter from some of the women inside the conference room as Emelie began making her way to an open seat. Fiona cringing in embarrassment at the behavior of her superior caught the corner of her eye. The presenter didn’t miss a beat, unperturbed by Emelie’s retort.

“I’ve specifically designed the course not to exceed the average holding ability of those with a D rank continence which shouldn’t be a problem for an A ranking like yourself.”

The rebuke stung, she could have argued with her more, gotten into a shouting match but she was already on thin ice. Wisely, she took the scolding and found a seat, her cheeks flush with embarrassment. She cleared her throat before continuing, clearly ready to make an example of the raven-haired agent.

“You should have gone to the restroom in advance Ms. Blackstar rather than procrastinating. With the recent update I know most of us can see our respective ‘levels’ so there’s no excuse which brings me back to my main topic.” she paused, pointing up at the large holographic display behind her.

“Time management and being proactive rather than reactive. Ms. Blackstar clearly needs to bone up on the advantages of being proactive with her waste management.” she continued to lecture.

She was beginning to deeply regret her decision. Two seats away the wide smirk of that bitch Veronica made itself known. Emelie shrunk down in her chair as she was continually made an example of.

“Because of our learned potty training skills at a young age we adopted poor toileting habits. Waiting too long, drinking too much before bed, overexerting ourselves that we could get away with before becoming affected. I know it’s been a struggle, I’m no different than any of you. I only qualified for a B continence ranking.”

Pausing as if to emphasize her point she pulled down the waistband of her professional skirt just enough to show the top of her diaper.

“But if we refocus our efforts and be proactive with our approach and focus on the basic potty training lessons we internalized so many years ago that have grown reflexive it can show a marked improvement! Already in preliminary tests we’re seeing upwards of five percent reductions in accidental releases.”

Emelie scoffed at the thought, folding her arms over her chest. “Five percent...” she repeated with a roll of her eyes. They expected them to waste their time with these ridiculous lessons for a measly five percent? A grimace twisted her face as a sudden cramp twisted her insides. “No… not now...” she shut her eyes, regretting the coffee she’d consumed earlier. The hand she placed on her stomach did little to help. How long was this set to continue for? She fidgeted in her seat whilst tuning out the presenter. The tsm indicator only listed her bowels at seventy-three percent full but the urge was growing more pressing.

“What’s wrong Blackstar, you look preoccupied?” a snide voice called out to her in a hushed tone.

Through gritted teeth Emelie hissed back at her “I’m fine...”

She tapped her foot impatiently, anything to keep her mind off this stupid presentation. This was supposed to help her not have an accident but if it kept going any longer it might cause her to have one…. Looking around at the sea of faces most women looked disinterested in what was being presented. She caught sight of Fiona, of course she was taking notes. Towards the back of the room Dianna was quietly chatting with another field agent Emelie didn’t recognize.

Her attention slowly returned to the presenting woman as she spoke, pointing up at the large screen now. What was she going on about now? The visual projected for them all to see only reminded her of the need to relieve herself. On the screen shown in large words recommended dietary changes and near the top of the list was coffee. Fingers drumming anxiously against her thigh she checked the time in her ocular implant, fifteen more minutes maybe? She ran her hands down her face letting out a frustrated sigh.

What was being discussed on screen now? Emelie’s attention returned to the seminar and she blushed at the topic being shown now. Different activities that might be too strenuous for their control displayed on the screen. Emelie rolled her eyes as standing up out of a chair was listed. “I can get out of a chair without pissing myself...” she whispered angrily. Another quick glimpse around the room and the blushing faces of many women including Veronica seemed to indicate that it was more common than she might think, something about the pelvic floor and the kegel muscles.

“Ms Blackstar would you please join me on stage?” the presenter asked. Emelie froze. All eyes in the room seemed to be on her. Of all the people she just had to choose her… She let out a noisy groan in protest and slowly pulled herself up from her chair when it seemed the presentation would not continue without her participation. She cursed herself for being late.

When she joined her at the front of the room her stomach gave a threatening gurgle. “You’re going to help me demonstrate a few exercises I would like everyone to start doing that will help improve kegel strength among other things.” Emelie winced, the thought of doing any amount of exercise right now was an unpleasant proposition. “Fine, let’s just get this over with… quickly.” she spat back quietly.

“First, stand up straight and hold both arms ahead of you. Once you’ve assumed the proper stand you’re going to crouch down, keeping your legs together. Dip down as low as you can go. Once you reach your limit hold it! Don’t come back up immediately. You should start to feel pressure, focus on that before standing up. Now go ahead and demonstrate please Ms. Blackstar, I’ll do it with you.”

As she had said, she held her arms straight out and mimicked the movement as she slowly began to crouch down. Couching like that didn’t help her urge. Immediately she could feel her body protest. Her face twisted in a grimace of discomfort. She continued to stand there, crouched over. Physically, with her reinforced muscles it wasn’t too difficult to maintain the pose when it was just a bodyweight exercise. With the minimal enhancements she had she could maintain that pose for quite some time. What was more concerning was the not exactly sudden but pressing need to defecate.

“When you squat, really concentrate on tightening the pelvic muscles.”

Emelie blinked hearing the instructors voice bringing her back to reality. She just gave a dismissive grunt, still unhappy about being used as an example for everyone. Her tormentor stood first walking to Emelie shortly after, not allowing her to stand up. She held her hand in front of Emelie’s hips gesturing to them “That’s were you’ll feel most of the pressure as the interconnected muscles attempt to force your sphincters open. Now stand please.”

Emelie shut her eyes and pushed back to a standing position flushing when a few drops of urine fell into the padding between her thighs. She could feel the strange quivering sensation in her bladder and bowel from the strain begin to subside. “wonderful, as you see you want to stand just like Ms. Blackstar. One, smooth fluid motion, keeping your back straight and your arms out until you reach your neutral standing position. Go ahead and demonstrate one more time.”

With a deep breath she help her arms out again, staring straight forward and squatted down slowly. Staring out she tried to ignore the sea of women watching her. It was all she could do not to glare at the instructor for bringing her up here and forcing her to do these inane exercises. The need to go returned again even worse. As she reached the nadir of her squat she felt it. She stopped her movement holding the position but her bowels moved of their own accord. Emelie’s eyes widened with surprise as the deliberate movement forced a soft, sticky glob of waste paste her wavering anus.

Emelie hadn’t thought standing on stage in front of everyone could get any worse but having shit her pullup made things much worse. At least she’d barely manage to regain control before it became a major accident. She could feel the small amount of mush desposited into her protection smearing between her cheeks.

“Are you okay Ms. Blackstar?”

“W...what? I’m fine… everything is fine… are we done?” she stammered quickly, praying that there was nothing else she required her assistance for. She couldn’t smell it could she? Emelie did her best to remain composed as panicked thoughts ran through her head, worried that her little incident might be found out. “Yes you’ve been quite instructive. You may return to your seat. Ahh, remember, slow, deliberate rise, keep your back straight and your arms out.”

Starting to rise back up she’d barely moved before freezing in place. If she stood from this position she was going to shit her pants. Another squirt of urine had dribbled into her undergarments from the brief motion. A little whimper escaped her lips. She couldn’t just stay standing there in front of everyone though. Balling her fists tightly the agent slowly forced herself back up. Clenching with all her strength she could feel the soft shit oozing into her underwear. Mercifully the slow accident was inaudible and as soon as she was standing she hobbled off the stage awkwardly pressing one hand against her bottom.

It wasn’t as bad as some of her prior accidents but a ginger touch at the back of her trousers could feel the faint outline of a lump. “No no no...” she whispered quietly. Stupid class, stupid instructor… stupid everything! The thought of having to sit in her own mess for the remainder of the seminar was none too pleasant either. She only prayed that no one else would be able to smell what she had done.

Returning to her seat she grimaced knowing there was no other way around it. Slowly she lowered herself onto the chair. Her accident squished against her, flattening out and spreading around when she was finally seated. The instructors words faded into the background as she plopped her head down into her hands groaning quietly to herself.

She wasn’t sure what to do. In a panic she sent a text to Aria. ‘Uhg I had an accident’ she wrote to her newly official girlfriend. Immediately after writing it she wanted to kick herself what a weird thing to say… who wanted to hear about their girlfriend shitting herself. A minute passed and nothing, that made her feel a bit better. Maybe she was busy with preparing for the evening’s opening.

‘Is that any different than normal~’ the teasing response came after another minute. Emelie groaned quietly at the response. Of course she would take the opportunity to tease her. The blush came back to her cheeks as she composed her response.

‘you’re one to talk!, I’m being serious… this is a disaster.’

There was a brief pause before Aria’s next message. The raven-haired woman could picture her partner pursing her lips in thought as she often did when she was formulating the perfect response.

‘Oh dear, do you want to tell me what happened?’

‘I had to go to a seminar for something stupid and it happened while I was on stage in front of everyone. It wasn’t a lot and I don’t think anyone noticed but I’m sitting in it now. I can’t leave until this presentation is over.’

‘Well, that’s not so bad. You’re always overreacting, nobody even found out. From the tone of it I’d thought you had leaked all over your work clothes silly girl.’

Emelie paused before writing her next message. The blush once more returned to her cheeks being called a silly girl. Aria had a point no one else had noticed and a quick glance to the people sitting near her confirmed that no one seemed to notice that anything was amiss. Still, it was disgusting having to sit there in her own filth.

‘I guess, but I still have to sit in it.’

‘You didn’t seem to complain about it the other night~’

‘ARIA, I’M AT WORK!’

‘So? You messaged me, I know you send all your communications through vpn anyway.’

‘That’s not the point!’

She had to pause and take a deep breath, hiding the hud of her implants for a moment to focus. Aria enjoyed winding her up, sometimes a bit too much. Emelie didn’t exactly relish the thought of being turned on in the middle of the presentation, not that she was paying attention anyway. The notification for a new message popped up in her implant. She took another second before looking at the latest message.

‘How bad was it? Did you just wet or did you mess too?’

Emelie couldn’t get how Aria was just so casual about such things. It was mortifying but she realized she hadn’t exactly been specific with her initial message. She didn’t just want to say she pooped her pants though! The gusset felt a bit sodden between her thighs, not bad but definitely soggy.

‘Both’

‘Oh you poor thing. I think someone needs mommy to take care of them~’

‘Aria...’

‘Do you still have to go?’

That question made her pause, what was Aria playing at? Immediately she was drawn back to the last night they had slept together… doing the things they did… in the state that their undergarments were in…

‘a little’

‘Well, you’ve already gone. You might as well finish~’

‘ARIA! I’m not gonna do… that’

‘Do it and you’ll get a reward~’

‘What reward?’

Had she really just responded with that? Was she really… actually considering it? Something about Aria… uhg, the way she could wrap her around her finger. There was no response.

‘Aria what reward?’

Still after that message there was no response. Damn that woman what kind of reward was she promising her? She had to know! Emelie tapped her foot impatiently waiting for a response. Glancing up at the presenter she was going on about some nonsense. Damn it she still hadn’t answered her.

‘Aria! You can’t just ignore me.’

Emelie ran her hand across her face, she knew what Aria was doing. A quiet whimper escaped her lips. She couldn’t resist Aria’s allure. Her fingers drummed against her thigh “Damnit Aria…” she whispered. Already she could feel that tingle between her legs that she felt when Aria had one over on her. It would be so easy to just give and push. How was Aria so good at getting her to do these things. A glance on either side of where she was sitting, luckily no one was sitting immediately next to her. Emelie checked her messages again in the vain hope that Aria had responded; she hadn’t.

It was already bad enough that she had been doing it more and more accidentally. Now she was about to do it on purpose. Leaning forward as subtly as she could she shut her eyes, pretended she was sitting on the toilet and cursed Aria’s name. Immediately a warm muddy substance rushed into her padded underwear. She scrunched her face ever so slightly, revolted by her decision. Thoughts clouded by arousal cleared with sudden realization of what she had done. Emelie could feel the mushy paste expanding beneath her. Anyone with enhanced hearing could likely hear the wet crackling coming from her.

“Fuck… fuck shit...” she hissed under her breath as she tried to stop. What was she thinking doing that!? A moment of weakness, a questionable decision and now the disgusting muddy feeling of siting in her pants full of warm soft shit. It was far too late to stop and when she leaned back in her chair the warm squelch caused her to scrunch her face, lamenting Aria and the sway she had over her. The only saving grace was the fact that since the seminar seemed to have ended no one was paying attention to her as she sat there. A few errant comments about the smell brought a blush to her face.

‘I… did it...’

After sending the message back to her girlfriend she looked up realizing that everyone was dispersing from the meeting room. Gingerly she slowly extricated herself from her seat and walked awkwardly towards the door. Each step was worse than the last. The slippery, sticky sensation of what had been a particularly soft and wet release shifted and mushed against her with each step.

‘Did what~’

Now she responds… Emelie let out a quiet whine pausing for a moment to angrily message Aria back.

‘You know exactly what!’

‘I have positively no idea Emelie dear, why don’t you elucidate me with exactly what you’ve done~’

She rubbed her face in exasperation. Worse even than the ‘accident’ weighing down her pullups was the glowing embers of arousal causing her to get hot and bothered. Part of her wanted to rush back to her office, lock the door and masturbate until she came in her shitty pullup. Damn that succubus knowing exactly how to push her buttons.

‘I pooped my pants.’

‘Dear oh dear, whatever am I going to do with you?’

‘Aria that’s not fair! You asked!’

‘Quit pouting and go change. Looks like someone isn’t ready for big girl panties yet.’

‘Aria!’

Before she could write anymore back to Aria however a mousey looking man approached her. “Agent Blackstar?” he began. Emelie narrowed her eyes at the man, sizing him up. He was a few inches shorter than her. She did her best to look imposing despite her dirty diaper, folding her arms over her chest. “Yeah and you are?” she responded gruffly.

He shuffled for a moment, pursing his lips, tapping something on the tablet he carried. “Uh… well, I’m from the department of compliance.” he began. Emelie froze, she’d been hearing a lot here and there about this new department… the department of compliance and what they dealt with and here she was standing in a full diaper. She could see her heart rate rising in her hud. The new department that the other women had been whispering about with disdain

Emelie opened her mouth to speak but wasn’t sure exactly what to say. It felt like she was a young girl not a mature woman. The awful weight in the seat of her diaper served to remind her of her foolish decision. As she stood there gaping at being caught before defaulting to what she knew best. “What do you want?” she asked, an obvious tone of irritation in her voice. The man wasn’t exactly tall. In fact he stood a few inches shorter than Emelie which helped but… he wasn’t the one standing there in a shit filled diaper.

A flinched preceded his response. He cleared his throat “Um… welll...” an awkward pause fell between them. He wrinkled his nose, sniffing a few times. Any attempt at trying to intimidate the shorter man melted away. He furrowed his brow, jabbing away at the datapad. “A...agent Blackstar have you had… an accident in your protection….”

No longer was she Field team leader, combat experienced, iron grit, weapon expertise, ace shot… she just looked at him awkwardly. “Th… that is none of your business!” she snapped angrily. Who was he to ask that!? He seemed taken aback by the outburst Another moment of awkward silence developed between the two as he seemed to gather his thoughts.

He cleared his throat and returned her attitude with a reproachful look. “As a Department of Compliance officer it is precisely my business!”

The sudden assertiveness in his voice as he stated that it was his business caught Emelie offguard. Resistance began to crumble further when he grabbed her by the wrist. “I was just going to question you about some of the discrepancies in your voiding diary but now I’m going to have to perform a field change since you seem incapable and your lying about the state of your undergarments is going in your record. If you’re not careful you’ll be going down a rank.”

It took all of her effort to not rip her hand away when he took her wrist. She contented herself with just a deep scowl wincing as she walked along bowlegged the uncomfortable feeling of a mound of shit weighing down her pullups. The threat of being demoted into something thicker caused her blood to run cold. These thin garments were already bad enough, having to work in one of those diapers Aria had taped her in brought a heavy blush to her cheeks. But now she was being escorted to have her diaper changed. “L...look that’s really not necessary I can take care of myself.” Emelie protested doing her best to be polite. When Aria did it was embarrassing enough.

“It’s simple DoC protocol. Any DoC employee is granted the purview to change a female operative’s undergarments if wet or soiled. it’s not healthy for your skin to wear it for so long.” he lectured the agent.

Hagar’s words about the Department of Compliance rattled around in her head and she found herself wishing she had read the new entries in the Employee handbook about the department. The pair continued to walk through the labyrinthine corridors of the Privsec building as she was escorted along.

After another few moments of thought she decided to try her luck again and mustering all the politeness she could manage she appealed to his sympathy. “Please, I was stuck in that seminar for so long. We just got out, I was on my way back to my office to change and you caught me by surprise. I’ve just been under a little bit of stress lately from my current assignment. I didn’t mean to snap at you, I’m… sorry about that.”

They slowed to a halt and she could hear a sigh escape his lips. His hand let go of her wrist, his shoulders slumped slightly as he turned back to face her. He was doing his best to wear a stern expression but it was noly half working. “I understand Ms. Blackstar. The change has been tough not just for you but all female agents. The Department of Compliance is just here to help. I won’t put what happened in your file but if it happens again… well you probably won’t get so lucky next time.”

Emelie uttered a sigh of her own, hers one of deep seated relief. She had just told him the truth… with a bit of embellishment but still it was based in the truth. “Now… go get changed… you really smell...” he said, wrinkling his nose.

Before he could say any more she was awkwardly waddling back to her office. His words continued to bounce around in her mind. The DoC was there to help? Who were they intended to help though, the women they purported to assist or Privsec?

Bridgette stretched her arms above her head leaning against the side of the street vendor’s stand as her order was prepared. Emelie had said she was going to contact her when she was free of corporate duties but so far she’d just been investigating the block alone while the other teams combed different areas. The thick absorbent padding around her hips drooped wetly between her thighs. A driver irritated with the traffic having laid on the horn as she happened to be passing by. The sudden shock was enough to loosen the hold over her bladder, flooding her diaper with hot liquid.

A box of noodles was placed on the counter next to her. The smell of steaming savory sustenance got her attention. Grabbing the food she gave a grunt and a nod towards the man and wandered off. Twirling a heaping portion of noodles around her chopsticks she took a large bite of her food chewing hungrily.

Inside her ocular implant she reviewed her map of the area, checking where she’d already been and the notes left by her and the other members of Emelie’s team. In the three days they’d managed to cover a significant portion of the block but hadn’t managed to turn up anything yet. The few people they had spoken too all seemed reluctant to say anything but whether that was because Emelie was a suit or they were scared of this ‘Summoner’ Bridgette couldn’t quite tell. So far though, she was impressed by the team’s coordination and thoroughness. Fiona kept a tight hold of things when Emelie wasn’t around. The bickering between the twins could get a bit grating at times though…

The midday sun continued to beat down on the brunette before she rounded the corner for some shade. She could feel sweat dampening the collar of her shirt and let out an irritated sigh. “It’s too damn hot out...” she complained to no one in particular when the comm link went off. “Bridgette, Fiona and Dianna reporting in. This section of the block is clear, no signs of anything. We’re knocking off for lunch and a change.”

“Copy that.” Bridgette responded, acknowledging their progress. The map flickered for a moment before it was updated with the latest information from the two agents. A few notes from Fiona about possible evidence, sightings, strange behaviors they had observed but nothing conclusive.

Reaching between her thighs when no one was looking she felt the state of her own diaper. It was soaked, she must have wet again without realizing it. She knew she could use a change herself. A grumble of irritation left her lips as she returned to her noodles and finished slurping them down.

She stepped into a nearby alley to dispose of the empty container in a dumpster. When she turned to return to the sidewalk a bottle shattered behind her. Bridgette jumped, another gush of urine soaked into her already saturated diaper. A warm trickle ran down her thigh as it leaked from the sudden release.

Her large handgun immediately found its way into her hands on instinct as she turned around. The alley still seemed dim and deserted. High walls of decaying apartment complexes on either side shaded her from the sun’s sweltering gaze.

The map dismissed in her hud visual indicators of the source of the shattering bottle were forming. Behind a second dumpster fifteen feet or so further into the alley. Irritated with herself for being so on edge by the whole situation she slowly went to check it out. It was probably nothing anyway.

Bridgette couldn’t have been more wrong. The heavily augmented, muscular brunette gasped when it came into view. She’d seen dead bodies before, but not like this… Faint whirring and clicking of servos activating grew audible. He… or she should have been lifeless, unmoving but the augments in their hand continued to remain active.

The body’s arm was outstretched on the ground. Its fingers slow scraped the asphalt repeatedly as if it was trying to drag itself along. Flesh worn away into bloody smears by the repetitious movements and the spine chilling sound of metal and bone scraping against the ground turned Bridgette’s stomach.

It continued to claw at the ground, trying to move itself to no avail. Bridgette took a step closer, still keeping her gun trained on the face down body. Slowly she crouched down next to it. In the squatting position she could feel the sodden padding pulled taught against her skin, squishing the almost gel like material against her womanhood, wringing a few drops of pee from the diaper into her skirt.

She tapped the muzzle of her gun against the side of it’s face. A tangled mass of hair hid their features. A few more taps with no response satisfied her. Whoever it was… well they were definitely dead now and had been for quite some time by the looks of the swelling. Fortunately for her olfactory augments dampened the intensely unpleasant smell of a decomposing body otherwise she would not have been able to stomach getting so close.

The whole body suddenly convulsed. Bridgette scrambled to her feet stumbling back. “What the fuck...”

She could only stare as the sound of decomposed flesh and sinew tearing came from the body. The stronger augment in the arm and hand of the body had pulled itself free separating at the shoulder with a sickening pop. The grizzly sound and sight of the arm extricating itself from the deadweight of the corpse caused Bridgette to recoil in fear.

Worse yet it her bowels moved of their own accord in response. The head of security grimaced as she felt it happening. By the time she realized what she was doing in her diaper it was too late to stop it. She pushed a large semisolid mass into the already soaked garment. The soft waste deformed and flattened into a formless pile underneath her rear making the soggy diaper bulge even more underneath her skirt. Brackish congealed blood oozed from the separating socket and mid accident she stepped forward, placing the sole of her shoe on the arm preventing its escape.

Through the team link she barked at everyone. “I’ve found something, get to my position immediately. Lynd, get Emelie. She’ll want to see this...”

Her hand wandered to the back of her skirt gingerly feeling her full diaper through the professional business attire. The fact that she’d messed herself seemed almost trivial compared to what she had found but it wouldn’t do to stay like this but she couldn’t just leave the biggest lead they had. Bridgette opened the comlink again and meekly added.

“and somebody bring me a change...”

