SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*064*2019-04-05 18:56

Not dead and still going!

Emelie twitched with irritation. She wanted to tell this damn woman off, but even she wasn’t about to mess with a Wraith… that wouldn’t stop her from antagonizing her though. “Oh fuck off. Forgive me if I don’t appreciate people slicing the lock on my apartment and barging in.” she seethed. The silver haired woman shrugged; it was apparent she hardly cared. “It’s somewhere in your contract as a field operative for PrivSec. I can… conscript...any lesser ranking agent.” she said dismissively.

“I don’t think that counts for off the books operations not sanctioned by PrivSec.” Emelie countered, wandering over to her liquor cabinet. At those words Lynd looked up from whatever mindless drivel she was watching on TV. An off the books mission, that would get anyone’s attention. The Wraith caught her glance and narrowed her eyes causing the smaller woman to shrink down into Emelie’s couch.

Her eyes glowed faintly for a moment, as she identified the smaller woman. “Lynd Revest… just started today, hmm? I would suggest you pay attention to your little show.” she said, a hint of warning in her voice. She turned back around to face the tv and swallowed noisily. “Anyway, as I was saying...I have a lead, and I know you want to figure out what the fuck is going on as much as I do.” she enticed Emelie.

The raven haired woman stared back at her. “Well, what’s the lead?” she asked. The Wraith shook her head and wagged her finger at Em. “First, I need to know that you’re going to commit to this and not fuck me over.” she said coldly. You didn’t get to be a Wraith without a healthy dose of cautiousness. “You follow my lead, you do well? I’ll let you know more. I’ll start to fill you in. Just need to know you’re the kind of woman I can count on.” the Wraith said, watching Emelie as she stared back.

A tense few moments of silence before Emelie finally acquiesced. “Against my better judgment I’ll do it, but I swear if you barge into my apartment again like this I’m going to kick your ass.” Emelie growled, laying down some ground rules. The silver haired woman looked unperturbed by the threat, but there was a sudden brief anomalous readout of the wraith’s emotions. A brief flicker, had it said fear? She straightened her posture, glancing down, suddenly looking somewhat irritated for a brief moment before returning to her normal intimidating demeanor grateful the damp gusset of her panties wouldn’t soak through her form hugging suit.

"Are you at least going to tell me your name?" Emelie asked with an irritated tone. "I mean... I'll settle for bitch that broke into my apartment but that's a bit of a mouthful." she said in a scathing tone. The wraith just stared back at her and shook her head. "Nyx is fine, better off you don't know who I am." she commented dismissively. "and you can be..." she paused, waving her hand in a circle as if she was thinking. "Nemesis? No... Eris. Yeah, you're definitely Eris." she said.

Emelie stared at her blankly. "Eris?" she asked. "Code names... Old Greek Mythology from before the end." The Wraith explained. "You should read a book some time.." she chided the darker haired woman. Em clenched her jaw with irritation, glowering at the woman. Nyx cocked her head to the side, staring intently at Emelie. “Anyway, get dressed and be quick about it. I’ll be waiting in the hall.” she said, turning on her heel and waving Emelie’s door open with her hand.

She scowled, but on the inside was brimming with excitement. Hurrying back to her room past the confused looking Lynd she moved to her closet. This was a chance to work with a Wraith the true elite of PrivSec and for that matter… all of Sanam city. Clothes… she stared blankly into her closet rifling through the various outfits. From the hangars she grabbed a pair of form hugging leather pants and a jacket to go with it. Yanking off the sweatpants, she paused.

Rummaging through her underwear drawer brought butterflies to her stomach. Each flimsy, silken pair of cloth, once her only choice for undergarments, now left her with a vague unease. She swallowed nervously. What if she did *that*… in front of the Wraith? Emelie chewed on her lip, finding herself wishing for some form of protection. “No…I’ll be fine…” she said quietly, as if she could convince herself it was the truth. A somewhat risque pair of panties slipped from her hand as she shut the drawer.

Choking down her pride, she tugged up the sweatpants. With a fiery blush burning in her cheeks, she sheepishly returned to her living room. Lynd was as distracted as ever, sitting cross-legged on the couch. Emelie cleared her throat. It was a struggle to find her voice. “Lynd…” she began quietly. The younger girl blinked in surprise, turning to face Em. “Uhh, yeah?” she asked, glancing away from the TV for a moment before turning her attention back to the show. “I was wondering… if I could… borrow...one of your…protective undergarments…” she said. With each word her voice softened. Without her augmented hearing Lynd might not even have heard that she was asking for one of her pullups.

That got her attention. Lynd waved her hand and muted the TV. Breaking out into a fit of giggles, it took her a moment to compose herself. There was a certain satisfaction she felt about seeing Emelie come ask her for one of her pullups. With a haughty grin, she pointed towards the corner of the room. “Sure, they’re over there.” she commented. Emelie hurried towards the package, quickly yanking one out and dashing back to her room before Lynd could get another word in.

Unfolding the garment in her hands, she stared at herself in the mirror. The cutesy print adorning the garment added insult to injury. Kicking off her sweatpants, she sighed. Here she was, after going off on her squad about these damned things. Here she was about to wear one. Trading away her maturity for protection, she donned the garment. It wouldn’t be the first time; she vividly recalled the night Aria had forced her to wear one. This, however, would be the first time of her own volition.

Stepping through the leg holes, she tried to pretend it was just another pair of panties. The thin padding that encased her hips wouldn’t let her forget so easily.

Emerging from her apartment, she saw Nyx waiting for her as promised. The woman glanced at her, giving a scan of her outfit. “Let’s go.” she said curtly. The pair made their way out of the apartment building, Nyx leading the way. "We'll take my car, yours should be finished tomorrow." she commented nonchalantly. Emelie gave her a sidelong glance. The amount of information the Wraith had access too was a bit unsettling. Em knew about the vast PrivSec databases. Much of the information shared between the corporations was gathered by employers. As a PrivSec employee she had greater access than most, but in the past it was she who had leveraged it against targets. She wasn't comfortable being on the receiving end of such a watchful eye.

Nyx's car caused Emelie to stare for a moment. She didn't particular care about cars but she had to admit it was a very impressive looking piece of machinery. Black, low to the ground, sleek, angular but curved... it was hard to even describe. If Joshua could see it... he'd freak out. It made his brutish sports car look absolutely antiquated.The doors opened, a pale red light bathing the interior of the car. Even though she knew it was for optimal for low light situations, she couldn't help but think it made the vehicle look utterly sinister; she loved it.

"We don't have all night... we'll, you don't have all night." Nyx said as she lowered herself into the car. "Right, ahh sorry." Emelie mumbled, quickly entering. The slight bulk of the pullup underneath her pants brought a blush to her cheeks, she tried to ignore it. It was just another piece of equipment... The door slid shut on its own and she was treated to the advanced interior. Her blacked out armored sedan wasn't a cheap beater but this made it feel like one."What even is this?" she asked, running her fingers along a carbon fiber panel. "A corsair, issued to all Wraiths." she responded as if it were just another car when it was so clearly much more.

It even sounded different. the engine made a quiet almost alien hum on top of the sonorous exhaust note. Much more refined that Joshua's monstrosity... probably every bit as fast too. That thought was answered shortly as they rocketed out of the parking lot into the sparsely populated evening streets. The engine let out a banshee howl echoing off the buildings as she drove. Emelie paled, tightening her grasp around the door handle before the car settled into a reasonable speed and Nyx let the angular steering wheel fold away.

"Okay, a couple of days ago I was recovering trash for PharmaTek." she began. Emelie blinked "Uhh, recovering trash?" she interjected. Nyx shot her an unamused look for being interrupted. "Hardware slated for disposal, trash." she said with a hint of irritation. Most of her irritation stemmed from being sent on such a menial task rather than with Emelie herself. "I was as surprised as you are. It's what made me suspicious. A standard team could have recovered the truck with ease. Some low level gang took it, I don't even think they knew what they had taken or what they could even do with it." she continued. "When I came across them they hadn't even managed to open the truck yet." she explained.

Emelie pursed her lip. "So you think it's something to do with..." she let the question hang. Nyx nodded "PharmaTek manufactures the Serum series line of anti-rejection drugs. What could be in there that's so important they would contract Wraith level services to retrieve a truck full of trash? Something they can't risk getting out into the public." Nyx hypothesized. "So I sliced the locks and blamed it on the gang. The truck is sitting in a staging area waiting for a PrivSec escort to the disposal area."

"Uhg..." the Wraith paused to rub her stomach. "I'm so fucking hungry again." she said. It was apparent she had quite the temper. Though... that was evident earlier when she'd been tearing apart the doctor's office. "This has just been miserable lately." she griped, letting down her professional shell for a moment to complain about personal matters. "Yeah... I could eat again." Emelie agreed reluctantly.

A quick stop made for Emelie's second helping of greasy fast food for the day. It was so bad but oh so good. The stare from the drive through teller greatly amused her though. Soon after gorging themselves on cheap food they were back on track headed to... well Emelie had no idea but Nyx knew. The Wraith wiped her mouth with a napkin, waving her hand again. The dashboard illuminated projecting schematics and blueprints into the air. "This is the layout of the staging area... are you paying attention? Pay attention." she said, catching Emelie staring out the window up at the faint glow of the aurora centralis. "Oh... right, yeah." Em quickly corrected herself.

"Guards are regularly stationed here, here, here and here." she began, speaking quickly. "They traverse the perimeter every ten minutes. When I was dropping off the truck I stole a badge that will let us infiltrate here." she said, gesturing and pointing with each new piece of information. Emelie could barely keep up. "You'll have to keep the door open for me otherwise exfil will be... difficult." she continued. "Wait... you're using me as a doorstop?" she asked, pursing her lips. Nyx gave her a nonplussed look at the question. "The badge I took will open the door but once the request goes through their SIEM system it'll likely trip an alert and a guard will go investigate and the badge number will get locked. So yes, I'm using you as a doorstop. A door stop that has to incapacitate any guards that try to shut the door." she said sharply.

Her team had complained on more than one occasion that Emelie liked to stress the details but this was another level. The minutia in which Nyx covered the building and plan was staggering. She even listed off which windows were borosilicate reinforced compared to which were standard soda lime glass. It was almost too much to take in. Emelie just nodded every so often as she covered her plan, doing her best to pay attention. It was a simple plan, guard the door. Nyx sneaks in, visits the truck, figures out what they were hiding comes back out... simple. She didn't interrupt, not wanting to upset the Wraith.

"Got it Eris?" she asked. Emelie stared at her for a moment before nodding. "Yeah, should be simple." she responded, running her hand through her hair. Nyx didn't seem convinced... Fortunately she didn't press her for the details she'd given her. "Good." she responded professionally. Waving her hand the projection disappeared and Emelie found herself with incoming files. Accepting the transmission the blueprints they had just been covering along with various notes. Emelie rolled her eyes, if this was what being a Wraith meant she was glad she never pursued it. Basically becoming a slave beholden to the company; no thanks... though the car was pretty nice... All of the perks didn't stop Nyx from dirtying her pants just like Emelie though.

After the briefing, the two sat in an awkward silence. With the car driving itself, Nyx leaned the seat back and shut her eyes. Emelie glanced at her, staring for a moment. Wraiths were spoken about in hushed tones. Some Privsec employees didn’t even believe they existed, yet here she was sitting next to her. Emelie opened her mouth, ready to make small talk. Everything that came to mind, however… she decided to shut up.

Apparently Nyx had seen her staring, and cracked open one of her eyes. “Can I help you with something?” she asked plainly before shutting her eye again. “No… well… I was just wondering how long you’ve been a Wraith for. What kind of implants do you have? Is it true that you have a kill-switch?” she found herself asking, the questions flooding out. There were more she could have asked, but she quickly shut up after that.

Nyx chuckled; it was a low, almost synthetic laugh.”Technically, those first two are classified. Well, I say classified, but it’s not like I even know the first one. They wipe your memory before you become a wraith; no lingering attachments, you know?’ Emelie’s jaw dropped; she’d heard rumors, but...Nyx continued, unperturbed. “Let’s just say...a while...and as for my augs? Better than yours… much better than yours.” she said with a hint of amusement. “As for the kill-switch? No, don’t be stupid.” she admonished. “There are other safeguards in place.” she said dismissively. “Again, classified, and to be honest? They don’t tell us either.” she said with a wry grin, “Probably a good idea, or we’d try to get around it. They say every Wraith has a different safeguard, but I have no idea.” she shrugged.

“I answered your questions, now-” Nyx began with a hint of snark to her voice.“Sort of…”, Emelie mused. “As I was saying...How long have you been with the company?” Nyx asked. It was obvious that wasn’t her real question. She had access to that information in the PrivSec records at a whim. Emelie was smart enough to infer what she was really asking. “A few years.” she began. Glancing out the deeply tinted window, another one of those wretched, glaring advertisements caught her eye. She shifted in her seat, once again reminded of what she was wearing.

“I was PD before.” Emelie continued. Nyx nodded “I know.” she commented. The Wraith’s eyes began to flicker and glow. An image was being projected from her ocular implants, floating in front of her face. Emelie paused, distracted…she was lingerie shopping! Bralettes and negligees flashed on the screen as she scrolled through the digital storefront. “Uh, well yeah… like I was saying. I was PD before but it just wasn’t for me. Call it greed or whatever.” Emelie continued. “So you left for the money?” Nyx asked, glancing away from browsing for a moment. “Mostly, yeah… and don’t laugh, but I thought I could make a bigger difference taking bigger jobs.” she admitted, slightly embarrassed by her younger self’s naivete.

“No no, I get it. It’s bullshit, but I get it.” Nyx teased. “I like to think we make the city a better place.” Emelie said. It earned a shrug from the Wraith. “How noble of you. I guess it makes sense, what with your parents and all.” Nyx commented. Emelie’s expression darkened at the mention of her past. “Yeah, well, at least I know who they were; that memory wipe you wraiths get sure must bite, huh?” she spat back. Emelie thought she saw Nyx’s eyes widen for a fraction of a second and immediately regretted her outburst. But it was only for a second. She wasn’t even sure it had happened; suddenly Nyx was chuckling and putting her hands up in mock surrender.

“Yeah, it sures does.” she conceded, sounding almost wistful. The silence that set in afterwards was painful; Emelie desperately groped for a change in subject. Nothing came, and the silence seemed to draw on longer and longer. Emelie contented herself with watching the city pass by through the window. Eventually sleep found her and she lazily dozed off to the alien hum of the car’s grav-engine.

An hour later maybe, she felt a gentle shake on her shoulder. She wasn’t quite sure how long it’d been. Her HUD read midnight; what time had she fallen asleep? It didn’t matter, they had a job to do and were slowly approaching the location. “Wake up, we’ve arrived.” Nyx’s voice roused her. She rubbed her eyes letting out a tired grumble. “I’m up I’m up.” The mirthful tone that had suffused the silver haired woman’s voice earlier was gone. In fact, there wasn’t *any* tone at all...

“Is this what Wraiths are like on missions?”

She thought back to the rumors she had heard in her first weeks and months at PriveSec; about the hypnosis and neuro-implanted autosuggestion that Wraiths supposedly used to better sync with their implants.

“Does she even recognize me right now, or am I just assigned as her “squadmate?”

The thought was more than a little unsettling.

As expected, the warehouse was quiet. Nestled in the heart of the 3rd industrial zone, it looked just like every other building in the vicinity. Emelie knew though, that what was contained within could potentially blow this case wide open! At least... that's what she hoped. The car slowly passed by the front of the warehouse. Inside the cockpit of the car the windshield and side windows were identifying guards, pinging on the screen giving a readout of who they were, what weapon they were holding, and baseline threat assessment. Emelie was floored as it picked out guards she hadn't even seen with her enhanced sight. "Focus.” Nyx chided as she saw her gawking. Emelie just nodded, noting what she could as they rounded the corner.

"Leave that." Nyx began, gesturing at the large sidearm strapped to Em's hip. "Unsilenced. Unacceptable for this mission." Nyx continued as both doors silently opened, allowing them to disembark. Reluctantly, Emelie left her trusty hand cannon in the car; stuffing it underneath the seat.The doors shut in unison behind each woman, and with a quiet, metallic whir the roof of the car began to part. A faint woosh of moving air and each panel seemed to launch from the roof! Two drones shot off into the night sky. "Can I have the feed?" Emelie asked. Nyx shook her head. "Negative." she said, opening the trunk. She retrieved a boxy looking handgun, racking the slide back with a not-quite-as- satisfying click of a polymer frame. Nyx flipped it around in her hand, holding the shroud as she handed it to Emelie. She held it tight as the raven haired woman tried to take it. "Only if necessary." she lectured. Emelie nodded in understanding and Nyx relinquished the gun.

It was surprisingly lightweight for how chunky it looked. The firearm synced with her implants effortlessly, the PrivSec icon flashing on her ocular HUD for a moment. "The Murmur?" she asked, seeing the name of the gun in her hud. Taking a shooting stance she tested the sights. "Subsonic rounds, integrated baffling, gas compression venting " Nyx explained flatly, grabbing one for herself.

Nyx checked her own firearm, yanking back the slide and letting it snap shut. “Ready?” the Wraith asked. Emelie nodded, clenching the gun tightly. “Yeah, I got it. In, out, simple. I’m just the doorstop.” Emelie said wryly. Nyx stared back at her, emotionless. It was an eerie thing when the expression analyzer registered nothing… “Copy that.” she said before moving quickly towards the building. The way she moved looked effortless, and she hardly made a sound. Emelie was good, but… she felt like each step was a thunder crash compared to the silent gait of the Wraith. Maybe she should have taken those inertial compensators…

They reached the side of the building in a flash. Emelie hadn’t noticed it at first, but as they approached the street lights around them all darkened. In fact, it wasn’t just the street lights in their vicinity; darkness had set in up and down the entire block. It wasn’t just a coincidence...

Just like the blueprints had shown, they followed the edge of the building until it cut into an alleyway. Nyx held her hand out for a precise amount of time before continuing. They made it to the door, already Nyx had the pilfered id badge in hand. Before Emelie could blink the door was open and she had disappeared into the confines of the warehouse. Emelie ducked into the doorway, stopping just as she was inside and just as she was told wedged her boot into the door so it wouldn’t shut. “No movement.” Nyx’s almost robotic voice echoed through her implant. The surprise of suddenly hear her voice loosened her hold over her bladder and she could feel a few errant drops of urine dampen her pullup. She hadn’t even shared coms with her but… she should have expected it.

“Copy.” she responded back simply. Now for the boring part, playing doorstop. Even as boring as such a simple job was there was still an element of excitement to it. Working with a Wraith! Just the way she moved, knew every single detail of the battlefield, seemed to calculate for everything; it was extremely impressive. On guard duty, Emelie flicked through the variety of sight modes available to her. She kept her cochlear implants on maximum amplification, listening for the slightest hint of a guard approaching the door.

Meanwhile in her apartment, a curious Lynd watched everything. She had even made herself a nice bowl of popcorn to devour during the show. As Emelie’s team watcher she had access to tap into her augments, access to her vitals and all sorts of other information. “Boooring” she grumbled, contemplating going to sleep. “Come on Em, do something exciting.” she told the TV through which she was viewing Emelie’s sight. Curiosity of what Emelie was up to kept her glued to the feed.

The seconds passed, quickly blurring into minutes. It wasn’t that far? Damnit, how long did Nyx say it was going to take her again? Emelie chided herself for forgetting. She was a Wraith, she could handle herself. So far… nothing, not a peep. Maybe she’d just been overly cautious about tripping the SIEM. All that precaution and planning and not even a peep from the guards, probably just lazy contracted low rent security.

A message popped up in her hud; Aria… Emelie bit her lip, nothing was going on. She glanced around, peeking her head out the door into the alleyway. Silence… Greedily she opened the message, imagining she could smell Aria’s perfume. It sent a tingle racing down her spine. ‘I know, you’ve been busy. I’ve missed you at the club~ A’ the message read simply. Aria was never one to beg or mince words. She was direct, to the point; a quality that always seemed to make Em weak in the knees. What to write back though, this was always the difficult part. How not to seem so eager but not completely disinterested…

After thirty seconds of indecision she messaged her back. ‘Yeah, work, you know.’ silently cursing herself for writing something so boring. ‘Oh? You’re awake? I thought my Murtaziq needs her beauty rest.’ Aria teased. ‘I don’t always go to bed early!’ she immediately shot back, getting flustered by the teasing. ‘I’m just teasing dear. I know not everyone has the glamorous opportunity to party all night at their own club. You should come by tomorrow if you’re not too busy~’ Aria continued. ‘I know you’re embarrassed about what happened, but you shouldn’t let that come between us.’ the woman wrote.

Emelie blushed, hazy drunken visions of that night she’d made a fool of herself flashing back in her mind. Uhg, she’d made such a mess of her pants and right when things were getting hot. She groaned quietly at the memory, pausing before she wrote back. ‘I know, I’m sorry. I’d rather not talk about that, but I think I’ll be free tomorrow. Probably just doing paperwork in the office.’ she wrote back, finally finding the confidence to see Aria again. ‘Oh good good, just in case you lose your nerve~’ she wrote back. A picture loaded a second later with a gratuitous shot of Aria’s cleavage between her suggestively unbuttoned pinstriped blazer. Emelie felt the heat rising to her cheeks as she stared at the picture. Another dampness began to leak into her padding at the sight. ‘Oh fuck yes’ she wrote back without a second thought. ‘Do you want to see more?’ a simple question was posed to her next.

‘Yes…’ Emelie sent, squirming her thighs together in anticipation. ‘Promise me you’ll come by tomorrow~’ Aria laid out her demand. Emelie couldn’t respond quickly enough. ‘I promise I promise!’ she wrote, her breathing heavy with lust. Another picture appeared with the next button undone. God Aria was such a bitch for teasing her like this! Another picture and another button undone. Emelie bit her lip to stifle a moan, barely resisting the urge to grind her hand against her womanhood. The penultimate picture appeared, her blazer hanging completely open, but her shirt still covering her chest for the most part. A final picture came through. It made Emelie light-headed just looking at it. The way her shirt hung open exposing her voluptuous chest and smooth, toned stomach; it was maddening.

“Oh fuck…” she whispered under her breath, allowing her hand to graze her womanhood. Electric ripples traced through her body from the touch. She didn’t even mind the pastel colored waistband that was sticking up above her pants just barely visible. Damn it… why did she have to come on this dumb mission when she could be fucking right now! ‘One more’ Emelie begged. Glancing around again greeted by silence she jammed her hand between her legs shutting her eyes. The next picture floored her, standing just wearing her unbuttoned shirt Aria stood nearly nude… except for the thick crinkly diaper around her hips and judging by the faint sag in the garment it was soaked. It wasn’t quite what Emelie had in mind but at this point… she didn’t care.

With her mind elsewhere she didn’t notice the Wraith returning from her objective. “What are you doing?” the voice sharply asked. The rude startle away from her erotic exchange with Aria elicited a gasp. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs as she jumped in surprise. A gasp wasn’t the only thing she let out unfortunately. Regretting having greasy fast food twice today, the hand that’d been mischievously placed between her legs shot to her bottom. A wet mush crackled and oozed into her pullup filling the crevice between her cheeks with a filthy paste. She groaned and clenched her muscles barely managing to stave off a full blown accident. The damage was done however and between her legs felt significantly warmer and wetter. “Oh fuck…” she hissed, squeezing her thighs together. Emelie was still peeing, she could feel the hot rush from between her lips soaking into the pullup she’d thankfully thought to wear.

“This is not the time nor place. I could hear you breathing from around the corner.” she hissed. “I… I’m fine I... “ she said though labored breath, the stream of urine tapering off. Forced to recover her composure, still in an aroused daze she pushed the door open… straight into one of the security guards. “Wait!” Nyx had hissed at her only a moment’s too late. “Hey! Freeze!” he barked. Obviously he’d come to investigate the door. He scrambled to raise his rifle but Emelie was already grabbing it. She yanked it from his hands and still holding it by the barrel, bashed him over the head with the stock.

He wavered on his feet before slumping to the ground. Emelie panted heavily, the sudden surge of adrenaline coaxing another few dribbles of urine from her. “Move.” Nyx stated as she walked past her. Emelie watched, she could see a darkened wet stain that ran down one of her legs past the knee. The Wraith had wet herself at some point, they’d both done it… Emelie even doing a little worse. She hesitantly probed the seat of her pants with her fingers. At least it wasn’t obvious… nor had it leaked.

Nyx placed her thumb and pointer finger over his eyes. There was a pulse, sparks, his body twitched for a moment. “Eris, exfil.” she said in that almost robotic monotone. “What did you d…” Emelie began to ask before Nyx cut her off. “He’s fine.” she said, moving quickly along the wall they had entered past. “Did you find anything?” Emelie asked unable to help herself. Even through her emotionless state Em could have swore Nyx was starting to grow annoyed. “Debrief in the car.” she responded curtly.

Emelie nodded following after the Wraith. It was a short dash back to the car. As the doors opened for them the two drones Nyx had released earlier swooped out of the night sky once again becoming part of the car. With a wet squish Emelie sat down, wincing at the sticky feeling of her own effluence smeared against her bottom. The smell became immediately noticeable as they shut the doors and sped off. Emelie looked around for a moment, trying to find a window switch; she couldn’t… “Could you um… crack the window.” she asked, cheeks hot with embarrassment. Both windows automatically cracked open no sooner after she asked.

“Thanks… so… what did you find?” she asked. Nyx held a finger out at her, she needed a moment. She took a deep breath, her eyes fluttered for a moment before turning to stare at Emelie. The Wraith stared her down for an uncomfortable length of time before finally speaking. “If I tell you what I saw, you’re tied to this, tied to me.” she said ominously. “No more careless behavior like that.” she said with a faint growl. The pit of Emelie’s stomach felt heavy. She swallowed dryly “I’m in.” she said hesitantly. Nyx continued to stare her down, scanning her face for a few more uncomfortable seconds. “Okay…” she said, taking another deep breath.

“Serum four… a lot of it.” she said, furrowing her brow. “The manifest stated fifteen hundred liters of the stuff. Processed, palletized and ready for consumption. All slated for elimination. A hundred and fifty thousand vials and I don’t think this was the only shipment they were destroying.” she said with a frown. Emelie pursed her lips in thought. “They’re destroying it?” she asked. Nyx nodded. “Do you remember the three to four transition?” Nyx asked. “It was a while ago but yeah… oh you probably don’t remember. Three was available at a discount everywhere… for quite a while.” she mused, thinking back.

“They’re getting rid of their four stockpiles even though there might be an issue with five” Nyx postulated. “What if they’re deliberately poisoning us…” Emelie said. The thought instilled a sensation of ice running through her blood. She could see that Nyx was thinking the same thing. Emelie shuddered at the thought. “What would they have to gain by that....” Nyx said, dismissing the notion. “The Corps have always been good to us.” she continued. Emelie nodded “yeah… I guess you’re right… I don’t want to believe they’d do anything like that.” Emelie said with a hint of sadness.

“Did you get any other leads?” Em asked after a few moments of silence between the two women. “There was a signature on the manifest. I’m scouring the PrivSec database for the name now. Might take some time.” she said. “I’m going to shut my eyes for a while… I’m exhausted, gotta recharge.” Nyx said, slumping back in her chair. A small panel slid out of the center console and the silver haired woman rested her hand on the panel. Emelie watched, probably some sort of induction charging plate. “It’s set to head back to your apartment first.” she said, stifling a yawn.

Emelie was too wired to sleep. All she could think about was the conspiracy they had uncovered… if there even was a conspiracy, she had to remind herself many times. But… what if it was? She kept asking herself, what would the Corporate Council say if they found out PharmaTek was poisoning them? What if… what if… what if… She had so many questions, finding the truckload of Serum4 hadn’t exactly given her the answers either of the women sought and like all great mysteries it had only given her more questions.

It had been a taxing day and Nyx’s advanced car devoured the miles. Approaching Emelie’s apartment she glanced over at the woman who was now lightly snoring. She was still very much human but… more. The cutting edge of augment technology, and here she was snoring. The thought momentarily brought Emelie out of her paranoid delusions and brought a quiet chuckle to her lips. She shifted in her sleep, letting out a whimper. Apparently they still dreamt as well. They were back in her neighborhood now, only a few minutes away from Em’s apartment.

Nyx let out another whimper punctuated with a disgusting wet fart. Was she really going to… Emelie wrinkled her nose as the smell momentarily assaulted her nostrils. There was an unconscious grunt from the sleeping woman’s lips. She was really going to have a bowel movement while she was sleeping! Emelie stared in morbid curiosity. It made sense… if it was the Serum causing their issues someone like Nyx would be on a much more frequent regimen of the stuff.

There was another burst of gas from the woman’s bottom. Lying on her back as she was Emelie could see anything but she could hear it. That squelchy crackly noise of a hot mass being excreted into her clothing. At least Emelie hadn’t gotten that bad yet but… was it only a matter of time? Nyx tensed and another burbly fart rose through the mush being pushed into her pants before audily finishing with a solid sounding log with a noisy splortch.

Emelie was glad her apartment was starting to come into view as the cabin began to smell rather potent despite the cracked windows. Still Nyx slept, blissfully unaware of the waste she was now sitting in. A thin trickle of urine ran down the groin of her suit soaking into the seat under her.

When the doors opened she quickly disembarked. Nyx suddenly sat up with an audible squish, eyes wide with horrified realization. “Let me know when you find that person.” Emelie commented hurriedly as she shut the door behind her walking towards her apartment, breathing in the fresh air. Tugging at the pullup that was now plastered to her ass by her own mess she grimaced, desperately wanting nothing more than to shower and go to bed.

Mercifully, Lynd was asleep on the couch; sprawled out, the blanket threatening to fall off. Emelie snuck by, making a beeline towards her bathroom where she could undress and find herself once again under the hot rejuvenating waters of her shower. The mottled brown stain on the seat of her pullup made her chide herself. She could do better, she had to do better! At least she didn’t have a complete accident and could finish emptying herself on the toilet before stepping into the shower.

After her shower she left her clothes and soiled pullup in the bathroom; too tired to clean up. She barely even had the energy to dry herself off. Stumbling into her bedroom finally the day caught up to her and she collapsed face first on the bed falling asleep within a few seconds.

