SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*067*2019-10-18 05:26

No I'm not dead! Nor is this story! Just needed a little break and then editing took a while but alas, I present to you the latest chapter. Also with some fantastic art of our main protagonist having a bit of an accident in her light blue suit by our good friend Hwcm.

&&

Without any further ado, the next chapter.

The alarm in her aural implant vibrated, the time flashing red across her eyes, earning a groan from the still sleepy agent. What time had she even gone to bed? Still laying motionless on her bed she grunted, checking her bio-records. Three hours of sleep… “Wonderful.” she griped under her breath. At least today would just be paperwork and taking care of business in the office. Something was different though… something was normal? Her eyes shot open as she felt the sheets under her. Dry?! They were dry! Of course they were dry! Emelie leapt out of bed without a second thought dancing with excitement. “I did it!” she exclaimed proudly. Keeping her sheets dry at night seemed like an odd thing for the woman to be proud of, but in these trying times she’d take any victory she could retain.

Emelie’s sudden jubilation proved to be a bit too much stimulation. She froze, feeling a sharp jet of urine warm her thighs. She let out a subdued yelp, awkwardly pinching her legs together. The flow stopped as she regained tenuous control of her bladder. As she desperately hobbled towards the bathroom, spurt after spurt ran down her legs, leaving a glittering trail of liquid on her floor. In her bathroom the rancid stench of her dirty pullup made her gag. Wet warmth dribbled over the hand wedged firmly between her legs. Each step loosened another gush, liquid trickling down her muscular legs. Her morning mishap slightly dampened her mood but still, she hadn’t wet the bed! For the first time in a week now she’d woken up with dry sheets!

The proud woman reveled in her childish accomplishment as she finished emptying herself in the toilet. Glancing down at the pullup she swallowed her disgust at the brown stained garment; she’d have to do something about that. A knock at the door interrupted her revelry. “I need to shower, I’m soaked...” Lynd’s voice came through the door. “Okay okay, I’m almost done.” Emelie called back as she methodically wiped herself. That news brought a smirk to her face as she stuffed the dirty pull-up into the trash bin, loosely covering it with some discarded tissue paper.

Emelie opened the door, looking smug despite the damp path leading from her bedroom to the bathroom. Arms folded over her chest, she stood in the doorway staring down at the shorter woman. “I woke up dry.” Emelie announced smugly. Lynd didn’t look amused by her host’s attempt to lord her continence over her. “Great… move...” she grumbled, wiping the sleep from her eyes. Lynd recoiled in disgust as she moved closer to the bathroom. “Doesn’t smell like you did...” she mumbled. Emelie huffed, blushing faintly. “That was from last night before I got home.” she said defensively before moving out of the doorway “Whatever… I don’t care. I just want to shower.” the girl whined as she shuffled past Emelie. Lynd’s pullup made a wet squish with every step.

Back in her room she rifled through her dresser; who needed those humiliating things anyway? She’d be fine just sitting around the office, maybe taking a bit of a nap at her desk. Show them all that she deserved her A-ranking in continence. She plucked another of her suits from the hangar, back to professional wear. Black with gold stitching, and a matching vest underneath. A bold choice for PrivSec, but she was feeling in her element this morning.

Once dressed, shoulder holster hidden away under her jacket, she wandered into the kitchen where a steaming cup of coffee awaited her. While Lynd showered she reclined on the couch, flicking on the news with her implants. An attractive, platinum-blonde newscaster read the morning headlines, a stock ticker running across the bottom of the screen. “...and in a shocking late night revelation PharmaTek has acknowledged an unintended side effect of their latest Serum revision, which became publicly available just over a month ago. Their chief researcher, Dr. Howard Takemura, has indicated that he will be stepping down due to his involvement.” the woman began, doing her best to remain professional and hide her discomfort. Emelie leaned forward in her seat, eyes glued to the television screen as she listened. “He remained tight-lipped with details, but assured us that it is not life threatening. Here’s a clip of the press conference now.”

The clip showed a sharply dressed man standing in front of a podium, his short salt-and-pepper hair slicked back. He cleared his throat “Regretfully, I have come to make a public acknowledgement that PharmaTek is now aware of an unfortunate side effect stemming from the Serum-5 series of anti-rejection products. While we don’t yet have all the facts, I want to stress that the side effects are not life threatening. Serum-5 is still extremely safe for the vast majority of the population.” He paused, and before he could continue reporters were already barraging him with questions.

Emelie watched intently; she couldn’t remember the last time she’d even paid attention to the news this closely. She was already clenching her jaw. The crowd of journalists continued: “Can you confirm the side effects for us?”, “Is it true Serum-5 is causing widespread incontinence?”, “Does pharmaTek have a roadmap to fixing Serum-5?”, “Are there plans to reissue stores of Serum-4?”, “How do you respond to the accusation that PharmaTek has been suppressing discussion of Serum-5 effects on the net?”

The questions came at a rapid pace one after another. Emelie could barely discern what was being asked. Takemura cleared his throat, taking a moment to adjust his tie. “Once again, I would like to reiterate that Serum-5 is extremely safe for the vast majority of the population. PharmaTek is dedicated to the safety of all our customers, and we will work with all haste to correct the Serum formula.” he began, speaking over the throng of reporters. Silencing their audio with a wave of his hand he continued. “We’ve observed light to moderate bladder and bowel incontinence in women. At this time, we’re unsure of why this dichotomy exists, but are exhausting all options to determine a cause, and further, a resolution.

“Mild...to moderate?” Emelie looked as if she might hurl her coffee mug into the TV.

Takemura continued: “Unfortunately…” he paused, a strange look crossing his face for the briefest of instants, “We have no remaining stock of Serum-4, and anticipate a 3 to 4 month delay before we’ll be able to produce more.”

Emelie nearly spat out a mouthful of coffee. He was lying! He was fucking lying! Emelie saw it for herself… Well, not with her own eyes, but Nyx had seen it! If that shipment was any indication of things, PharmaTek still had plenty of stock left over. What had been loosely postulated conspiracy theories the night before now didn’t seem so far fetched… “...and I would like to extend our deepest apologies to any of our customers whom this issue may have affected. I sincerely hope you will bear with us while we work to make this right.”

Shards of porcelain pricked her skin as the mug shattered in her crushing grip. Emelie winced as razor thin lacerations quickly formed on her hand. “Fuck!” she cursed, leaping to her feet shaking her hand. It was all bullshit! Why would he blatantly lie to them?! Anger gripped her, fear gnawed at her, but mostly icy cold betrayal washed over her. How could PharmaTek lie to them? Maybe that shipment was just a fluke. The corporate agent desperately tried to rationalize what he was saying.

Her thoughts drifted back to one of her prouder moments of her life. Applying to the corporate training project for private security forces. Among all the applicants she had been selected among a select few others to join the elite ranks of the private security world. Thinking of how proud she’d felt sickened her, the taste of accomplishment turning to ash in her mouth.

It didn’t make sense. She’d gone to a PrivSec-funded school. PrivSec patrols kept the neighborhoods safe, PrivSec grants helped her father buy their home. “Why would Privsec…” she mused. The television shut off as she walked in a daze towards the kitchen. “Why…” she murmured. The cold tap water stung her wounds as murky red tinged water pooled in the bottom of the sink. Emelie plucked a few shards of her mug from her hand before shaking it dry.

“What is it, what’s happening?!” Lynd darted out of the shower, the younger woman’s hair still wrapped with a towel. “You were screaming…oh shit, your hand!” Lynd exclaimed. Emelie’s head jerked towards her, eyes wide. “Here, move!” Lynd acted quickly, grabbing the dermal spray as Emelie seemed to stare blankly at what she had available. “I can do it myself.” Emelie snapped at her, holding her hand out. The spray stung as much as the cold water. “Other side.” Lynd demanded. Em flipped her hand over and another quick spray soon followed.

“Stupid handle broke off my mug.” Emelie mumbled. Lynd stared at her skeptically. “Ooookay.” she said, wrapping her towel around her chest. “I’m going to get dressed, then we can get going.” Emelie just nodded at the other woman, curling her fingers a few times. The spray set quickly; her hand felt a little stiff, but no worse for wear.

Stepping back into the hallway a notification finally caught her attention. A message from PrivSec mechanical services.She glanced it over through her implant. Her car had been fixed! She briefly glanced over the invoice. It was all just a formality but she was curious. What it all meant she had only a vague inkling, She’d ask Joshua to explain it once and the resulting lecture had put her to sleep. It had been sent back some time during the night and was waiting for her in the parking lot! Granted, it wasn’t anything like Nyx’s Corsair but it was hers… and it meant they didn’t have to get a ride from Joshua or take a share car.

After a few minutes spent gathering her thoughts Emelie rejoined Lynd in the main room just as she was tugging up her skirt. She briefly saw the disposable pullup before it was concealed by the skirt. She scowled for a brief moment, recalling what the chief researcher said during the press release. Doing her best not to think about it she beckoned Lynd to come along. “I’ve got my car back, so we don’t need to wait for that reprobate.” Emelie said with a chuckle. Lynd pouted “I think he’s nice...and kind of handsome too.” she added. Emelie rolled her eyes “Keep it in your pants.”

What Emelie wanted more than anything was to call Nyx and discuss what she’d seen with her. She had no idea how to contact her though. Emelie would just have to wait until the mysterious silver-haired super soldier contacted her again; hopefully sooner rather than later. With her car set to autonomous Emelie reclined her seat, folding her arms over her chest. From the corner of her eye she could see Lynd repeatedly glancing over at her. She rolled her head to the right. “What do you want?” she asked.

Lynd seized the invitation. “I have to know what you and that Wraith were doing last night!” she said excitedly. “At first I was going to ask her but she told me not to and I’m not dumb enough to try to mess with a Wraith but anyway I was watching tv and then I remember that I could tap into your implants as your team watcher since you left the connection open but it was just some boring warehouse but her car was soooo cool and she peed her pants… I can’t believe a Wraith really peed her pants!” Lynd exclaimed, finally stopping to take a breath.

Emelie let her head fall back against the headrest, massaging the ridge of her nose between her fingers. “It’s honestly better if I don’t tell you Lynd.” she said, hoping that would placate the inquisitive girl. She cursed herself inwardly at forgetting about the implant share for team watchers. It had been a few weeks since they lost theirs. She must have forgotten to turn it off at some point. “Oh come onnnnnn” the blonde girl pestered her.

Emelie stared at her, eyes narrowed with irritation. Lynd on the other hand mustered the cutest puppydog eyes she could manage. “Please~” she cooed. Emelie continued to stare at the young woman, Lynd’s color changing irises swirling with excitement. Slowly, she raised her seat to a more upright position. All the while the city passed by outside. “We’re figuring out what’s going on.” she said curtly. Lynd stared at her dumbly.

”Don’t make me say it… why we’re all… you know…” Emelie said awkwardly, gesturing at her groin. Lynd’s face lit up as she understood. “Ooooh, I see. Sooooo, what did you find out?” she asked, prodding for more details. Emelie held her finger up. “That’s it. If I told you any more...I’d have to kill you” she said with a wry smirk

“You’re not funny…If you’re not going to tell me, the least you can do is stop so I can get some food. I’m starving, and you don’t have any food in your fridge.”

“Yeah, me too.” Emelie grunted in agreement. She changed the waypoint used by the car’s autodrive function to the nearest passable fast food location. Lynd didn’t look all that enthused about having fast food yet again but the hunger nagging at her stomach kept her from complaining. A quick transaction later and the pair were filling their stomachs with another greasy meal, washing it down with generous gulps of coffee.

The monolithic PrivSec building came into view. Before, it had filled Emelie with a sense of responsibility, purpose, power. This morning was different, she stared at it with unease before reprimanding herself for being paranoid. “Alright friendo, I’ll see ya after work. I’ve got my eyes on a place, so I’ll stop crashing on your couch.”

Emelie glanced over and her and nodded as Lynd departed the vehicle. She sat in her car for a moment longer, just staring up at the towering onyx structure. The tickling buzz of an incoming call vibrated her inner ear. The ID shown in her implant was blank… she already knew who it was. “Nyx, did you see that press conference?” Emelie asked.

“I did...” she responded simply. “I pulled strings to head up security.” she said in a disinterested fashion. Of course she’d been there in person. “Then you already know that his story do...” Emelie began before the Wraith finished her thought. “Doesn’t add up in the slightest. Yes, I’m perplexed by the official statement given what we found. It’s clear there’s still stockpiles of Serum 4… He seemed to know it as well. I’m not sure what to make of it yet. Still looking into that ID… things are slower when you can’t just use PrivSec resources to search. I’ll contact you with our next move… you should probably get to work instead of sitting in your car...” Nyx said evenly.

Emelie blinked as the line went dead. “Great… good talking with you.” She rolled her eyes. How that woman acted…for as strong as she was. She seemed almost more machine than woman, and it made Emelie sick to her stomach. Nevertheless, Nyx was right. She checked the clock before scampering out of her car, heels clicking against the pavement.

As always, the lobby was just getting busy as the early risers filed in for work. It was just like any other morning… well, almost. Two sharply-dressed women stood around, idly gossiping. The odd detail wasn’t obvious at first, but Emelie spotted it quickly. They were both thickly diapered… There was a faint bulge in their slacks, and the way it really accentuated their ass… The pair must not have scored well in their exam to be put in something so thick. As she walked past she could hear the noticeable crinkling of the thick plastic garment as she shifted her hips. “I’ve got to go change, I’ll see you later.” the taller of the two told her friend before departing. Emelie couldn’t resist curling her lip in disgust.

She cleared security and headed deeper into the labyrinth, reminded of her own needs as breakfast was quickly catching up with her. “Too much coffee...” she lamented, holding her stomach with her hand and giving it a gentle rub. Knowing how bad things were lately it’d probably be best to go sooner rather than later.

Her interface flashed, grabbing her attention. A firmware update? The download was finished in a few seconds. Usually they took at least a minute. Emelie perused the notes, reading over the changes and wondering if there were any nifty new features. It shouldn’t have come as a shock to her. Now featured for all female agents: TSM… Her eye twitched with irritation when she saw a subtle icon pop up towards the bottom of her vision. The toileting status monitor… She could barely restrain her irritation with the new update foisted upon her! She was a grown woman, she didn’t need an implant telling her when to use the bathroom!

Emelie huffed, her already sullen mood considerably darkened. Hagar was already waiting for her, and he didn’t look happy to see her. “My office, now.” he said when she was within earshot. What was going to be a simple day of paperwork and data entry was off to a rocky start. Emelie swallowed dryly and followed him. This was not the tone she expected from her boss after completing a priority B mission.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he drawled. He hadn’t even waited until they were in his office to start chewing her out. She didn’t have an answer… she didn’t even know what she’d done! “I swear to god you, and Veronica both can be such a pain in my ass.” He pulled a cigarette out of his pocket, and lit it with an integrated lighter in his fingertip. Emelie had to resist the urge to sneer at the mention of Veronica, a fellow squad leader whom she often butted heads with. The two women were more similar than either of them would care to admit.

Blowing a cloud of sweetly-scented smoke directly into Emelie’s face, he waited to see if she had anything to say for herself before continuing. She twitched, but said nothing. “I’ve got the Department of Compliance all over my ass because of the shit you’ve been pulling the past few days. They’re talking about disciplinary actions if I can’t get you to start following the rules.” He paused again, taking a deep drag on his cigarette and tapping the butt into a star-patterned ashtray. He rubbed the bridge of his nose between two fingers. Emelie could only stare at him with a perplexed expression. “The… Department of Compliance?”

A vein on Hagar’s temple pulsed noticeably. “You haven’t been reading the emails… I can’t believe I’m about to have this conversation with you. I didn’t ever think I’d need to talk to one of my agents about something I talk to my six year-old daughter about.” he said, shaking his head as if he were fed up at the whole situation. The door hissed open behind Emelie. “In.” Hagar said curtly .

Hearing the heels tapping on the ground Emelie instantly knew who it was. The two women gave each other venomous looks as the other team leader sat next to Emelie. Hagar poured himself a small drink having retrieved a bottle from a drawer in his desk. He didn’t offer any to Emelie or Veronica, instead offering them a reproachful look. The two women wilted, shifting awkwardly in their seats as they waited for him to speak.

He cleared his throat after gulping down the amber liquid. “Emelie, I’m going to start this conversation by saying good job. B grade missions aren’t anything to take lightly.” he said, giving the black-haired woman hope this conversation wouldn’t be so bad. She shot a confident smirk towards her rival. “And your team had one last week, Veronica, so kudos to you.” he continued, the brunette rebutted the smirk with one of her own.

“But that being said… this isn’t about mission performance, it’s about following orders! No matter how… ridiculous you might find them!” he scolded the two women, raising his voice. Veronica shrank in her seat and Emelie averted eye contact. “You and your teams both get the job done, but this is unacceptable!”

After a brief pause he waved his hand in the air. Holo-projectors clicked on, displaying a myriad of pictures from their respective missions. Both women turned crimson at the humiliating evidence that was being presented. Having chosen to forgo their protective wear, the results were obvious.

A myriad of shots from all different angles showed the two women on their respective outing. Both blushed scarlet, seeing the obviously soiled combat suits. Emelie cringed, glancing away from all the images projected above the desk. Veronica reacted similarly, averting her gaze at the humiliating pictures.

Hagar leaned back in his chair, exhaling sharply before gulping down another glass. An awkward silence fell over the room as the two women squirmed in their seats. Emelie grimaced, feeling the greasy breakfast disagreeing with her stomach. ‘Oh, not now…’ she whimpered quietly. Veronica was otherwise occupied with a damp splotch between her legs, having spurted into her professional outfit when he’d raised his voice.

“The Department of Compliance…if either of you had bothered to read your emails, is the department you’ll both be reporting your…training...to.” Hagar explained. “Training?” the two asked in unison. “Do I really have to spell this out for you…? PrivSec has an image to uphold, and we can’t have you running around…like that…” he paused to gesture to the pictures before dismissing them, deciding the two women had been embarrassed enough by the incriminating photographs.

“You know, under the revised section of the employee handbook I could give you both a spanking as choice of discipline…Seriously though, I’d advise you both read it and wear whatever assigned protection you are. Sentinel and…” he paused to check his notes. “Vanguard, respectively. There’s talk of fines and even suspensions if you don’t comply with the new rules. Bottom line, I don’t want to have to tell you again.” he said gruffly.

Emelie’s attention began to wane as her situation rapidly grew more desperate. She couldn’t even gloat when it was revealed she qualified one rank higher than her rival team leader. A painful gurgle twisted her insides. She grimaced, scrunching her face in pain. Maybe if she could release a bit of gas she’d be able to hold it, maybe the pain would subside a bit.

Trying not to squirm in her seat she clenched the armrests, digging her fingers into the supple leather padding. A bead of sweat ran down her brow as Hagar continued to lecture her and Veronica. Another gurgle caused her to lean forward, a grimace twisting her lips. Fortunately, Hagar was distracted lecturing them, and Veronica was preoccupied with keeping her thighs clenched tightly together to keep the splotch hidden.

The indicator in her HUD was flashing red, telling her she needed to go to the restroom. She just had to release some gas. Biting her lip she quivered, lifting her hips to one side ever so slightly. Carefully, she stopped resisting the painful gassiness. The disgusting muffled sound that resulted would have been comical; she might have even laughed if she wasn’t definitely pooping.The unmistakable oozing sensation of her panties being filled brought a gasp to her lips. By the time she managed to stop she could feel a squishy lump in her panties.

Emelie’s fingers dug into the padding as she felt her anus quiver and twitch, pushing another sticky lump into her panties before she regained control. “Why are you both still sitting there? You’ve got jobs to do!” Hagar snapped at the two women, slamming his fist against his desk. Veronica flinched, another lengthy spurt of urine dampening her trousers. At this point she was certain she was sitting in a small pool of her own urine. The hot liquid continued to pool beneath her until the flow finally tapered to a stop.

Likewise, Emelie gasped in surprise, feeling a wet gush dampen her own panties. A familiar quivering sensation threatened to make the mess in her pants even worse. Both women quickly got to their feet, rapidly scampering away and doing their best to walk normally. Behind them they could hear the muffled exclamations of their boss, likely finding the small puddle Veronica had left on her seat. The two of them quickly picked up the pace, heading straight towards the bathroom.

Normally they would have been at each other’s throats sharing harsh words, but…united in their embarrassment, the only sound between them was the clicking of their shoes on the polished floors. Arriving at the restroom, the two stared in disbelief as a figure stood out front. Construction signs clearly marked the restroom closed. A member of the construction team looked apologetically at them. They could see his eyes looking at the wet splotch creeping down Veronica’s thighs, and his nose wrinkled at the foul smell coming from the back of Emelie’s pants.

“Renovations…” he began awkwardly, forcing his gaze away from their obvious accidents. “But they set up a-” he was interrupted by the sudden grinding screech of starting machinery, followed by a loud crash of something shattering. Veronica jumped at the sudden noise. The rear of her slacks started to sag as she emptied her bowels in mild fright. He pursed his lips turning his back to them so he could shout back inside. “Hey, I told you to be careful with that auger!” Emelie could feel warmth trickling down her inner thighs, but her HUD indicated that it’d just been a small leak, only a few milliliters at most.

“Like I was saying, the DoC set up a changing station in conference room C that you might want to… um… yeah…” he trailed off awkwardly. Veronica's face turned a bright red as she gingerly reached behind her, feeling a soft mound that had accumulated in the seat of her pants. Normally Emelie would have delighted in Veronica’s humiliation (and there was still some part of her that did), but given that she was in the same situation, all she could do was blush in concert with her rival, who had a distinct waddle to her gait as she walked towards the conference room.

“The Department of Compliance…” she whispered under her breath, making her way to her office instead. If Hagar was to be believed she was already in enough trouble with them, showing up like this aside… she let out a small shudder as she slipped into her office, locking the door behind her.

Again, she was faced with the same issue as she had been yesterday. What was she going to clean up with…? A lavender and pink pastel case caught her attention. True to the doctor’s word, the correct garments had been delivered to her office. At least she had something to change into since these panties were ruined...

“Lynd… Lynd” she hissed through her implant, dialing her through the team link menu. The bubbly young woman answered lazily. “Uh, yeah, what is it?”

“I need…” she paused, taking another deep breath. “I need you to bring me some changing supplies.” she hissed. “I… had another accident.” she admitted, swallowing her pride. “But apparently I’m already on thin ice with the DoC, so I can’t go to their changing station.” the blushing raven-haired woman explained. There was a moment’s silence before giggling ensued. “Fiiiiine, give me like, I dunno. Ten minutes?” I’m running some diagnostics.” the slicer offered, getting a begrudging “fine” from Emelie.

She paced around her office, a pronounced waddle in her step. “Hurry up hurry up…” she grumbled, pausing to tug the sticky, soiled fabric of her slacks away from her smeared bottom. “What is taking her so long...” the impatient woman moaned, gesturing towards the windows of her office for some much needed ventilation. It had already been precisely ten minutes and still there was no Lynd to be found.

The door to her office hissed open and in snuck Lynd. The expression on her face said something was up. “That was crazy! Like… I thought I was going to get caught and in trouble just for… uhg… you really stink.” she said, fanning the air in front of her nose. “Shut… up.” Emelie hissed at her through gritted teeth. “I know that it smells!”

Lynd just snickered at her. After how insufferably proud she’d been at not wetting her bed this morning, this was a welcome reminder of the degrading situation they shared, no matter how hard Emelie tried to fight it. “Just… give them here.” she said, waving her hand at her. Lynd complied… almost. At the last moment she snatched the package back. A howl of immature laughter came from the younger girl. The agent twitched, seething with irritation. Seeing the look on Emelie’s face, Lynd swallowed nervously. Wisely, she handed over the package of wipes and left without another word.

Once the door had shut behind her, Emelie slowly began the arduous task of cleaning herself up. She removed her blouse and jacket to make sure they didn’t accidentally get soiled with her waste as she cleaned up. With the dexterity one would normally reserve for disarming a particularly irritable bomb, she slowly removed her pants in an effort to save them from ruin. They were damp, and some of her mess had smeared from her thigh. A little work with the wipes though, and they’d be… wearable.

She took a deep breath, turning around to look at herself in the mirror. Dressed in only her heavily soiled panties and bra, she examined the sagging bulge. A heavy sigh escaped her lips; another pair of panties thoroughly ruined. The package of protective pullups stared back at her from her desk, mocking her with their cutesy designs. “Disgusting...” she muttered. She hated herself for letting her thoughts drift, but she couldn’t help thinking of the pictures Aria had sent her last night.

There was no one in her office… she clenched the elastic waist of her panty and gave a slight tug. Unable to stop herself, she let out a subdued moan at the sensation. The warm squish… as disgusting as it was, she couldn’t deny the tingle it sent through her hips. “Enough playing around….” she muttered to herself, banishing the dirtier thoughts from her mind as she finished undressing, removing her filthy panties before she made a worse mess.

Cleanup was, as ever, arduous...to say the least. It seemed like there was no end to the sticky poop that coated her backside. Just when she thought she was finished, a wipe would find a missed spot of filth, tarnishing the innocent white a gross mottled brown. Countless wipes later, it was finally time to don her new undergarments, foisted upon her by the unrelenting corporate structure in an attempt to cover up her own potty problems.

The plastic packaging tore open easily enough, revealing the tightly packed disposable garments contained within. Plucking one of the infantile pairs of protective wear from the bunch, she unfolded the sides and tugged it up one leg at a time. Like the previous time she’d worn something similar it was noticeable but…mercifully it was not one of those bulky monstrosities she’d seen advertised.

With the wipes and soiled panties disposed of and her slacks hanging over the edge of her desk to finish drying, she fell into her seat with a sigh. “I’ll wake up any minute… any minute now and it’ll all be just some twisted dream.” she said with a sardonic, biting laugh. Swiveling in her chair she stared out the window, sitting in her office with nothing but her huggies around her hips.

The monotony of doing paperwork set in. As soon as her pants had dried enough she’d redressed, feeling a sense of normalcy returning, even if it was undermined by the padding between her thighs. Cups of coffee, water, and snacks kept her going throughout the day, and getting up to hunt for a bathroom as well. With the bathroom on their floor closed for renovations, the extra time spent trekking to the floor above or below brought some extremely close calls. By the time she’d started her personnel performance evaluation, the gusset of her pullup was noticeably damp. There was a part of her that was glad for the protection, loathe that she was to admit it. Had she not been wearing them, it would have left her with a noticeable wet splotch on her pants.

The paperwork dragged on, and with the incessant urges to use the toilet progress was slow. By the time she finished it was nearing eight o'clock. The sun had long since set, and the pale glow of the aurora lit up the sky. Despite the actinic glow of advertisements that pulsed throughout the city like neon blood, it was still visible. She gave a spin in her chair and huffed hair from her face. Lynd had come and asked her if she was done hours ago. Said something about Joshua coming to pick her up instead.

Giving another spin she shut her eyes, rubbing the sides of her head before coming to a stop, facing the holo projected images above her desk. Just a little bit more and she’d go relax with Aria at the club. She was also eager to change out of the now bloated and swollen pullup squishing beneath her. The clammy padding was all the more impetus to finish up.

Finally after another thirty minutes, the last of the mission reports were finalized and sent away to Hagar and whomever else would be reviewing them. All sorts of teams whose job it was to make sure the PrivSec units operated at peak efficiency. Standing up from her chair, she gave a quiet yawn before wriggling out of her pants. She poked a finger against the sodden padding. It felt so much thicker compared to first putting it on. The bulk of the swollen absorbent gel rebounded against her fingertip, spreading her thighs apart.

With the last cup of water asking for relief she shrugged. Spreading her legs slightly she relaxed the hold over her bladder, feeling the warmth pool into the already wet garment before it could be absorbed. The hot liquid surrounded her sensitive mons for only a teasing moment. She was too tired to go hunt down a bathroom again, and it was already wet…it wasn’t like it was an accident. She was still in control, she purposefully used her pullup…it was different…right?

She tore off the sides of the spent garment and set to work with a wipe, cleansing her flesh. There was some irritation around her groin. Sitting in a damp diaper hadn’t done her skin any favors. Emelie gave an agitated growl at the beginning signs of diaper rash. She remembered laughing at the notion when perusing some of the DoC propaganda that had come through her email. “Diaper rash...” she grumbled, tugging on a fresh pullup once she was satisfied that she no longer smelled of urine.

Finally free of her duties, she stretched as the door to her office shut behind her. There were still people about; the building was never empty, but compared to midday it was practically silent. The construction crews had long since ceased their work for the day and the constant click of heels upon polished floors was eerily absent. Making her way back to her car, she gave one last look back up at the testament to corporate strength before starting her night.

Collapsing into the plush leather seat of her sedan, she input the address of Aria’s club and let the autonomous system take control. The car navigated the congested streets on it’s own whilst she perused some of her favorite storefronts on the net. Stifling another yawn, she raised her hands above her head and arched her back. “Going to need an energy drink.” she said sleepily. It didn’t take much longer for her to find herself restlessly napping.

Emelie awoke with a start. Her car had suddenly lurched to a stop. Her eyes widened; fortunately the seatbelt kept her from flying into the windshield. She glared at the younger pair who had walked out in front of her car. Where a groggy exhaustion had been in control before, she was suddenly wide awake. “Pay some fucking attention!” she cursed at the pedestrians, who in turn returned the favor, flying their middle fingers at the startled woman. Tempted to get out of her car and beat their asses, she decided against it.

Besides, Club Sin was right there. Feeling reinvigorated she exited the car, letting it ferry itself off to find a parking spot. She smirked as the pair quickened their pace, seeing the intimidatingly dressed woman depart her car.

Straightening out her vest, she was waved inside. As one of Aria’s VIPs she’d never have to do anything so mundane as waiting in line. She waved to one of the security guards she often saw working. Wandering inside, it was the same Club Sin that always welcomed her back. Shockwaves of bass rattled the walls, along with the smell of smoked serum, liquor and… was that… urine? She wrinkled her nose, wandering inside. “Aria’s in her office.” a feminine voice told her as she walked by one of the employees. She simply smiled making her way towards the bar.

“Substation… make it a double.” she asked with a toothy grin. The adrenaline from the sudden stop was rapidly wearing off. A caffeine-filled alcoholic drink was just what the doctor ordered. Emelie watched the bartender mix the drink. Truthfully, she couldn’t say what was in it, but she knew it tasted good and gave her a kick in the ass.

The neon-yellow drink was placed in front of her. Whatever chemicals they dipped the rim of the glass in couldn’t be good for her…but the tingly sensation was worth it. She took a sip, coughing at the intense burn. Maybe a double wasn’t the greatest idea. She choked down another gulp.

“Surprise~” a voice whispered in her ear. Emelie jumped, instinctively whirling around and nearly throwing her drink into the air. Aria stood there with a hand covering her mouth, laughing maniacally. “I thought you were in your office.” Emelie spat at her. Aria smirked “I told them to tell you that, a little payback from last night.”

Emelie couldn’t stay mad. She smirked before breaking into laughter. “That’s fair. I suppose I deserved that. I’m going to kick your ass later though, regardless.” she said, pointing her drink at the darker skinned woman. Aria stood there in her slinky dress, stylish jacket pulled over her shoulders. “Oh, I’m so scared, my little murtaziq.” she teased.

Emelie stepped forward, wrapping her arms around Aria’s neck and pulling her close. The smell of liquor was already heavy on her breath. “Those pictures you sent me last night were really sexy~” she whispered, a lusty growl in her voice as she nibbled on her ear. “I’m glad you appreciated them. Would have been better if you were here, but I understand the busy life of a super soldier.” Aria continued to tease her as Emelie rolled her eyes. “I’m hardly a super soldier.” she said dismissively.

Aria paused, pursing her lips for a moment. “Come.” she said curtly, marching towards her office. Emelie blinked in surprise, taking another sip from her energizing drink as she followed. The quick lift took them to the upper floors where Aria led Emelie into her office. Her assistant was already there. “Senya.” she snapped her fingers. “I’m in need of a change.” she said sternly, moving into position and laying down on the coffee table which now… doubled as a diaper changing station, apparently.

“Do you need a change as well dear?” she asked, glancing up at Emelie, whose cheeks turned bright red with embarrassment. “N...no, of course not.” she pouted. “Suit yourself.” Aria said matter of factly, with a dismissive grunt. With her dress hiked up Emelie could see the absolutely soaked garment taped around her hips. She could see droplets of liquid coalescing on the leg gathers, threatening to leak if she dared release her bladder again. Seeing an opportunity to gain the upper hand over Aria she moved into position, holding her hand out as Senya approached with a fresh, thick diaper.

“You’re soaked! Did the little girl have too much to drink?” she teased, holding her own drink. Unlike Aria teasing her it sounded forced, rigid. Despite the awkward powerplay Aria still blushed, giving Emelie a dangerous look. “Don’t think I’ve forgotten about the mess you made in my office… in your pants” she said, her voice melting into a saccharine sweet tone. Emelie nearly choked on her drink as Aria brought up the night she’d been hoping to forget. “Th...that was just an accident! But this… did someone forget to use the big girl’s room?” Emelie persevered, not giving up so easily. She even went so far as to press a hand against the sodden padding, squeezing a few drops of pee onto the table.

Senya stared at the two, unsure if she should leave while they played their little game. Aria rolled her eyes, lifting her foot as she pressed dexterously against Emelie’s padded groin, coaxing a sharp inhale from the standing woman. “Stopping to use the restroom would have slowed down business, and unlike a certain little girl I know, I’m not proud enough to go without what I clearly need.” she said, kneading her toes against the front of Emelie’s slacks. “Now, sweetie, mommy needs a diaper change.” she said with an air of finality. Emelie trembled, resisting the urge to rock her hips against Aria’s delicate foot. She begrudgingly took a step back, allowing Senya to take her place.

Aria paid little attention to what was going on, checking on her business through her implants while Senya tended to her saturated padding. The heavy garment was removed and handed to Emelie. “Dispose of this, please.” her assistant requested. Emelie carried the heavy diaper to the trash, letting it fall with a wet plop into the bin. She could scarcely believe how heavy it was. By the time she’d turned around, Senya had already taped Aria into a fresh diaper.

Standing up, she let her dress fall back into place, straightening it with her hands before smirking at Emelie. Tonight didn’t seem like a night she’d be able to get the upper hand… She swallowed the rest of her drink setting the glass on her desk. “Senya, if you would.” Aria asked, pointing at the glass. “Of course, Miss Mouzaya.” she said, rushing past Emelie and plucking the glass from her desk on her way out.

“Pants down.” she said firmly. “I want to see if you were really telling the truth about not needing a change. After all, I can’t have you running around my club and piddling on the floors again.” she teased, her smirk growing more and more predatory by the second. Emelie folded her arms across her chest giving a defiant look. Too late. Aria was already within arm’s reach, grabbing at her slacks, tugging them down before Emelie could grab a hold of them.

“Oh, how utterly adorable.” Aria teased as the childishly printed pullups came into view. “Are those your new standard-issue battle pants?” she continued, not showing any mercy. Emelie groaned, covering her face with embarrassment. “Shut up!” she snapped at her as she continued to work her slacks down until they were around her knees, her padded panties on full display. “Hmmmm” Aria announced as she fondled her between the legs. “You’re a little wet, but… you’ll be fine so long as you don’t have an accident. Make sure you tell mommy if you need the potty.” she said, getting in one last dig, reminding her what happened when she was challenged.

Emelie kept her face covered with her hands as Aria tugged her pants back up, giving her a playful swat on the backside. “Come on, let’s go dance, cutie.” she said, taking her hand in her own, dragging her out into the club.

*069*2019-10-19 00:45

Thank you, also another picture of our proud heroine from the opening chapter done by jtarlipes. and I just wanted to throw out if you enjoy this kind of content, fear, wetting, soiling, humiliation and want to join a small discord group of like minded artists and authors send me a message!

And an advertisement from this new world.

More art coming soon!

