SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*070*2019-12-25 20:31

I come bearing christmas gifts. Some fun little statistic cards of all the leading ladies done by a good friend of the Council LeakyPanties. As well as a new chapter below, enjoy.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

Music, lights, alcohol lowering her inhibitions. It made it easy to lose herself and just dance with Aria. The biggest distraction was the drink she’d imbibed earlier making itself known. The irritatingly familiar sensation of a full bladder tried to coax her away from the dance floor, but Aria was having none of it. Each time she stepped away or glanced towards the restrooms, Aria seemed to pounce. Circling around behind her she would wrap her arms around Emelie’s chest and nibble on her ear. Or, she’d teasingly run her fingers down her back and squeeze her ass.

“Come on Aria, I need to take a break.” Emelie said nervously through their private channel. Aria’s eyes glittered in the pulsing light of the club. She had the look of a predator on her face again. “Fine, I’ll get another drink. Run along to the potty.” she said after a moment. Emelie was surprised she relented, expecting more of a game from her. Blushing at the toilet being referred to as the potty she kept her mouth shut lest Aria change her mind.

Squeezing her way through the throng of dancing bodies Emelie retreated from the dance floor. It was moments like this that weighed heavily on her. She contemplated the impacts the changes had on her life so far. Always feeling like she needed to be close to a bathroom, undermining her confidence in general, worrying about her male coworkers taking her seriously and of course… the obvious. There was a line outside the women’s room. The line wasn’t too long fortunately but still… she would have preferred not to wait at all. Emelie glanced over her shoulder towards the men’s room.

“Shit!” the woman in front of her gasped, suddenly jamming her hands between her legs. A brief change into thermal sight confirmed the obvious. She was using her diaper and the woman two places ahead of her appeared to have already soiled herself as well. Emelie sighed, feeling a sympathetic twinge in her bladder coax another dribble into her padding. The leak caused her to straighten up. She inhaled loudly, clenching her thighs together in an effort to preclude the leak from turning into a deluge. “Fuck it.” she hissed under her breath. Screw waiting in this line… Marching towards the men’s room she threw the door open as waves of desperation began to grow more urgent. The toileting status module icon in her implant was once again starting to flash. Bladder capacity eighty-nine percent full!

She groaned, opening the door. Having to pause to get a hold of urges she thrust one hand between her legs to hold herself. The damp sensation reminded her of earlier in her office… when she’d just flooded her pull-up rather than trudging to the bathroom again. She could just do that again… Emelie, tempted by the thought shook her head as the stalls came into view. No… already she could feel her cheeks burning red with embarrassment at the memory of earlier. The few men inside stared at her for a moment as she hobbled past them. One opened his mouth as if he was going to say something but a sharp glare preempted any attempts at conversation.

The bathrooms were surprisingly quiet, thick sound deadening material dividing the sleek restroom from the rest of the noisy club. Ninety-one percent… the icon was really flashing now. Kicking open the door since both hands had become jammed between her legs revealed the porcelain throne. Urgency spiked seeing relief within her grasp. A long guttural groan escaped her mouth as she felt a slow trickle starting tickle her lips. Emelie could feel the soft padding starting starting to warm beneath her fingers. Ninety… eighty-eight… eighty-seven percent… it took all of her strength but with the help of a childish potty dance she managed to stop pissing in front of the stall.

Stepping forward triggered the toilet to prematurely flush. A sudden noisy gush of liquid as water was sucked away. The agent froze in place, her quivering muscles buckled at the roaring rush. Eighty-five… eighty-one… seventy-six… sixty-eight… She was pissing, forcefully into her sentinel, feet from the toilet. An extended “nooooo” left her lips as she watched the meter as it continued to fall lower and lower, her protection growing warmer and wetter. Emelie stood there, in the stall, hunched over as she helplessly emptied her bladder. As the stream of urine continued to flow from between her legs she wondered just how much urine could one woman hold.

Fortunately her pullup held for the most part. A solitary rivulet ran down her thigh before soaking into her pants. When it was finally over, she had to take a moment to catch her breath. “Fuck...” she finally mumbled. Reaching between her legs the squish of very sodden padding greeted her fingertips. At least it was pleasantly warm… but it felt wet… worryingly wet. It would need some time to really absorb by the padding. At least she didn’t have to trudge out of the men’s room in pissy slacks. Lest she attract an audience Emelie quickly retreated, soggy padding drooping wetly between her thighs. She had to get back to Aria before she suspected something.

She found her by the bar, Aria took two glasses, handing one to Emelie. “Did my big girl make it to the potty?” she teased, really twisting the verbal knife. She balked at the question doing her best to awkwardly play off the inquiry. “Of course.” she lied through her teeth, giving a dismissive wave of her hand. Aria chuckled, taking a sip of her drink, staring straight at her. Emelie couldn’t tell if the shrewd business woman bought her lie. All she knew was it felt naughty, like she was lying to her mother. She tried not to break Aria’s unflinching gaze but caved, taking a sip of her fresh drink. Aria smiled after a moment. “Good good. Come on, I wasn’t finished dancing~” she said, dragging her back out to the dance floor.

The same dancer that had been here the last time Emelie had visited was back, dancing on the stage. Song blended into song and before Emelie knew it they’d been dancing for at least another hour. To let the stress of the outside world melt away and just move to the rhythm with Aria was a much needed respite. The past week had been… stressful to say the least.

Drunkenly they both kissed each other, their dancing at this point more just swaying to the beat. Locked in each other’s arms Emelie had forgotten all about her sodden pullup, enjoying her time with Aria. They kissed again, sloppily. Wet lips, smeared with saliva and lipstick, she couldn’t get enough of her. Emelie’s lips tingled each time they brushed against Aria’s. So enthralled with Aria, Emelie didn’t even notice her sodden pullup having grown clammy and cool. Nor did she notice the further irritation of her skin caused by her lack of a change.

“Come on, let’s go back to my office~” Aria purred into her ear hungrily. The tone in her voice made Emelie’s knees quiver. She nodded, squeezing her tightly, kissing her once more. Like giggly young girls they made their way back to Aria’s office, fondling each other and snickering the whole time. “Someone can’t keep her hands to herself tonight~” Aria teased. Emelie grinned playfully back at her. “Look who’s talking~”

The door to her top floor office hissed open as they tumbled through, nearly tripping over each other. As soon as the door shut behind them Aria turned to face her, wrapping her arms around her lower back. “Is there anything you want to tell me first sweetie~” she began. Emelie furrowed her brow, confused by the question. The raven-haired woman shook her head. She didn’t think so… unless… she meant… a hot blush began to rise in her cheeks again. Her completely saturated pullup… she’d forgotten all about it. Now however, she was keenly aware of the heavy padding chafing her skin. “Are you sure?”

Emelie shuddered, pinching her thighs together. Aria continued staring through her. “Well, if you aren’t going to tell me I suppose I’ll just have to punish you~”. Emelie felt her heart flutter with excitement. They both enjoyed these games and the thought of being punished, dampened her already wet diaper. It was disgusting and wrong and childish and humiliating but… she couldn’t deny the allure. Lost in her thoughts she felt Aria’s hands on her pants, swiftly pulling them open. The smell of stale urine intensified as she let the trousers pool around Emelie’s shoes. There she stood, in the middle of Aria’s office with nothing around her legs except for one completely saturated pullup.

“What’s this? My little girl couldn’t hold it?” she asked, admonishing her with the rhetorical question. Emelie groaned, covering her face with her hands. The humiliation was very… very real for the proud woman. She yelped when her inner thigh received a harsh swat from the olive-skinned woman. “I asked you a question!” she snapped.

“I didn’t make it...” she blurted out, letting her hands fall helplessly to her side. “What was that Murtaziq?” she asked, pressing her fingers against the squishy padding. “I… didn’t make it to the toilet and I...” she paused, hoping Aria wasn’t going to make her say it but… the lingering silence and the expectant look told her otherwise. “and I peed my pants...” she admitted.

“Tsk tsk tsk.” Aria chided, letting the awkward silence hang in the air for a while longer. Emelie squirmed under her dominant gaze. Circling around behind her she grasped the lapel of Emelie’s blazer and removed it, tossing it aside. One by one she was losing any semblance of maturity. After that her holster was removed Aria setting it carefully on her desk. “I think you’re far too immature to be playing with such a dangerous toy.” she teased.

Emelie huffed, folding her arms over her chest. “I’m not a child Aria I ju...” Aria interrupted it, a dangerous tone in her voice. “just spent the night dancing in your pissy diaper because you were too embarrassed to tell me you needed a change?” she retorted. “Probably gave yourself a rash too. I mean honestly Emelie, you know how obvious it was? Not only were you waddling back to me but about five minutes in it leaked all over your pants.” she said, covering her mouth as she broke into laughter at her expense.

Another groan left Emelie’s lips, of course she had known the whole time. “Fortunately you didn’t pee all over my dance floor… though you wouldn’t be the first… my cleaning expenses have skyrocketed!” she exclaimed, removing her vest and unbuttoning her shirt, letting it fall open. “Mmph, you’re really soaked.” she purred, draping her arms over her shoulders from behind, pressing herself up against her. One hand infiltrated her open shirt, squeezing her breast. Her other slid down her stomach, fingertips tracing along her skin. She knew the ultimate destination and she didn’t resist. Aria’s hand came to rest on the soggy padding pressing it against her groin. “Soggy soggy soggy.” she teased, kneading around the squishy material.

She couldn’t stop herself from rocking her hips against Aria’s hand moaning again as the warm, gel-like material rubbed against her sensitive spot. “Ohh yes, just like that.” she moaned, her voice quivering, breathy. Aria continued to tease her through her padding, digging her fingertips into her partner’s breast. “Naughty pissy little girls don’t get to have the fun they want~” she teased, biting the nape of Emelie’s neck. “W...what?” she asked, wincing at the nibble. Her voice laden with disappointment.

Aria let her fingers linger for a moment longer before removing them from her groin. “You heard me.” she stated simply, grabbing the waistband of her pullup. “Pissy, little girls don’t get to have the fun they want.” she repeated “and what are you?”

Emelie shrank against Aria, shutting her eyes. “don’t make me say it...” she implored but… she knew, when Aria had that tone in her voice… The silence continued until there was the slight rustling of Aria tugging up the front of Emelie’s pullup, forcing the warm padding against her folds eliciting a gasp of disgust and arousal from the raven-haired victim. “I’m... I’m a pissy little girl, I’m a pissy little girl!” she exclaimed rapidly. “I know! I think you need some discipline”

It all happened so quickly, her head foggy from arousal, alcohol and the embarrassment. Em felt the rear of her padding suddenly pulled up. The wet squish of her soggy pullup being wedge between her shapely ass preceded the sensation of urine trickling down her thighs as it was squeezed from the saturated padding. Out of nowhere WHAP! Aria’s hand, swift and sudden, impacted her bottom. Catching the agent entirely off-guard she yelped in pain, flinching from the sudden spank. In response, her body betrayed her, stunned back into infantile levels of potty training. A noisy fllblatch and the seat of her sentinel sagged, pushed away from her ass by a mound of mushy poop.

Aria furrowed her brow, wrinkling her nose at the sudden smell of a poopy diaper emanating from Emelie. “Nooo, not again..” Emelie whined, pulling herself from Aria’s grasp, tenderly touching the rear of her protection. Fortunately she’d only gone from fifty-seven percent full to ten percent but still… it left a noticeable bulge and a sticky sensation clinging to her ass. “Emelie! You’re supposed to do that in the potty, those little pullups aren’t meant for those kind of accidents!” Aria scolded her. Not letting her get away that easily she swatted at the exposed flesh of her outer buttocks. Emelie whirled around catching Aria’s hand, on the verge of tears.

“I’m… I’m not playing!” she snapped angrily. Aria stared at the distraught woman for a moment before sighing. She nodded and leaned forward kissing her passionately on the lips. Emelie relaxed her grip, letting Aria’s wrist fall from her hand. “Here, look.” she said, pulling away from the sulking Emelie. She wriggled out of her jacket, tossing it to the couch before reaching behind her and slowly unzipping her dress, letting the silky fabric fall into a pool of cloth around her feet. Emelie’s eyes widened at the sight of her. Naked, save for the bloated and swollen diaper around her hips.

The floral pattern on the front had all but faded. A darkened slightly yellow splotch covered the entire front of the obviously wet diaper. Slowly she turned around and Emelie could see a lumpy faint brown discoloration tenting out the rear of the diaper as well. “Do you see?” she asked, a slight hint of red coloring her cheeks at the reveal. “But when did you...” Emelie began. Aria waved her hand dismissively. “While we were dancing, it was an accident. By the time I realized I was going I just decided to finish in my diaper”

“but… you’re so confident… you’re not embarrassed?” Emelie asked, feeling a bit better knowing she wasn’t the only one who had messed her diaper. Aria looked quite irritated by the question, blushing a bit brighter. “Of course I am… it is humiliating!” she snapped, cursing under her breath in a foreign tongue. She thwapped Emelie on the side of the head for the insulting question. “Soiling myself like a two year old, having my assistant change my diapers” she continued, restraining her irritation. “But it is the reality that we face Emelie and I’m not going to let this… little issue stand in the way of my plans.” she said, her frustration all but gone from her face, replaced with a sweet smile. “You adapt, and as disgusting as it is… I find the sensation of a full diaper to be… rather pleasant.” she admitted, reaching behind her and pressing the seat of her dirty diaper against her ass with a faint squelch. Aria shuddered at the action.

Emelie looked revolted by the act but… she had done the same thing with her last accident. Just a little squish… “and so, I have accepted my situation. If I could stop wearing these accursed things tomorrow I would, without a second thought but for now I’ll do what I must. Do you trust me Emelie?” Aria asked, walking past her to the wall, hips swaying hypnotically. “Of course.”

“Good.” Aria smiled pulling something from a drawer that receded into the wall. Returning, she held a large massager in her hand, a coy smirk on her face. “Come.” she said simply, moving to the couch. She sat down, paying little attention to the mess she had just sat in. A quiet moan escaped her lips. She lay back, squirming a little as she did. The vibrating head hummed quietly as it was flicked on. Aria pressed it against her sodden diaper and moaned loudly. She had to take a moment to catch her breath, her whole body tingled, she curled her toes and with all of her willpower paused for a moment. “Now, straddle my hips, you can put your knee on the couch.” she instructed, guiding Emelie until they were pressing their diapered hips together.

“Ready?” Aria asked. Emelie looked hesitant. Couldn’t they change first… clean up? Having sex in a shitty diaper wasn’t exactly what she had pictured happening tonight but… she trusted Aria. The woman laying on the couch beneath her looked up, mouthing the word ‘adapt’ to her. Emelie nodded, biting her lip as she pressed her hips firmly against the vibrator.

Aria flicked the device on again and both women let out a squeal of pleasure as arousal surged in their bodies. The vibrations dampened by the padding seemed to engulf their hips. They’d played like this before but this was different… far different. With the padding they could really grind against each other, pressing the massager firmly between them. The noises between them, the crinkling of the outer plastic shell, the squishing of the soggy padding, the squelches of the mushy messes, the hum of the vibrator and their gasps and moans. It was a strange symphony of pleasure as they both gave in, straining and sweating, humping each other like desperate schoolgirls.

“C...closer” Aria stammered through shallow breaths. She reached around, grabbing Emelie by the bulging mound in her pullup and pulled her closer with a muddy squelch. The vibrations intensified and a surge of pleasure rushed through her, earning a long guttural moan as she pressed her ass against Aria’s hand. Wriggling and squirming at the disgusting but pleasurable sensation of her own mess being squished against her bottom she shuddered. At this rate it wasn’t going to take long to make her cum.

Little spasms in her pelvic area accompanied her movements. She quivered and twitched each time she thrust her hips forward edging ever closer. Aria likewise slid her hand down to her own diaper, gently caressing the distended bulge. Her other hand held the vibrator tightly. Finally, she pressed her hand against the lumpy bulge, shutting her eyes. A higher pitched moan left her lips, she squeezed her thighs together. Aria, renowned businesswomen, mature, beautiful, wealthy… was climaxing in her shit filled diaper. The sight sent Emelie over the edge. One last thrust of her hips forward, the vibrations stimulating her clit was more than she could resist. She joined Aria, curling her toes as it happened, arching her back, collapsing against her partner’s chest, laying atop the olive-skinned woman.

The pair lay there, in post-orgasmic bliss, the vibrator continuing to hum away between them. Little aftershocks of pleasure rippled through both of them coaxing a twitch or a dribble of cum or urine… neither could be sure which at this point. A small fetid puddle had accumulated underneath Aria, their combined ministrations resulting in a pair of leaky diapers. Silence enveloped them, both women keenly aware of what they’d just done… how enjoyable it had been… how ashamed they both felt. Neither wished to break the silence, it felt as if one would be assuming responsibility for what just happened if she were to speak up.

The smell however… was getting unbearable. “We should… clean up.” Aria finally spoke after a few minutes of silence. The dopamine high was fading as was the warmth from their diapers. The sticky, clammy filth clinging to their skin far less enjoyable now and because of their… boisterous actions had spread around even further towards the front of their protection. Emelie nodded untangling herself from Aria, pulling herself up from the couch. Aria soon followed, brownish trickles running down her legs from the leaky diaper. Guilt… both of them felt it, they shouldn’t be enjoying this should they… they were grown women, they shouldn’t be messing their pants and then playing with it. Even the unflappable Aria was blushing. “Sorry about the couch… I think I leaked...” Emelie mumbled, gesturing to the small puddle on the faux leather cushion. “It can be cleaned.” Aria replied dismissively, opening the adjacent door from her office to a master bathroom.

“Could I… have a moment of privacy to...” Emelie began, gesturing down to her dirty pullup. Aria sighed looking slightly irritated. Nevertheless, she acquiesced. “Go ahead.” she said, tugging at the sagging diaper around her hips, pulling it away from her skin. Emelie rushed into the bathroom shutting the door behind her. She tore the sides of her destroyed pullup away letting it fall to the ground with a splat before tossing her shirt aside. The water reacted to her presence and the shower automatically turned on as she stepped in. She didn’t dare look at herself in the mirror, she couldn’t bear to see herself again with shit smeared all over her ass and thighs.

The murky brown water pooling in the bottom of the shower quickly turned clear as the water helped wash away her shame. An uncomfortable Aria stepped into the private restroom a few moments later. Emelie could hear the ripping of the tapes as she undid her own dirty diaper. She stepped into the shower, joining her under the steaming water. Emelie could see the shit smeared against her backside and stepped out of the way as the water in the bottom of the shower turned a murky brown. Aria turned to face her after rinsing off, there was a coy smile on her face. “I told you that you’d enjoy it.” she said simply as she reached for the soap. “I’d rather not talk about it...” Emelie said sullenly. “Suit yourself dear.”

“Um… how did you get it to not… smell? Well… smell that bad.” Emelie asked. Aria raised her eyebrow “Oh, you mean my bowel movement?” Aria asked matter of factly. Em nodded as she shampooed her hair. “I’ve taken a layered approach to managing my incontinence.” she began. Emelie flinched, hearing her utter the words ‘my incontinence’ as if it saying it aloud solidified their condition permanently.

“Obviously I can’t eliminate all of the smell but I’ve found two things help immensely… well three. I’ve tablets that I take with each meal that aid in digestion and help with the smell. The tape up kind are far better at containing the smell than your dainty little pullups. I’ve also come out with my own brand of powder. It helps keep your skin nice and dry not to mention suppressing any odors. It’s been selling like crazy.” Aria said with a laugh. Of course she’d find a way to profit off this, Emelie could hardly blame her.

“Still haven’t come up with a name for it. Venom or toxin or something edgy like that. For bad girls who want to smell good.” she said with a giggle, amused at her own wordplay. Emelie couldn’t help but chuckle a little too. There was something morbidly fascinating with their desire to maintain a mature facade in the face of such a childish problem. “I’m sure you’ll think of something...”

The two continued showering, lathering themselves with soap, forgetting all about what had just transpired. Emelie opened her eyes after washing her face. Aria was staring straight at her, hair matted to her face. “So, is this official now?” she spoke, catching Emelie offguard. She could feel the butterflies in her stomach as she played dumb. “What...”

“You know precisely what I mean. Us, this… you, me.” Aria continued, a hint of exasperation in her voice. The sound of the water raining down was the only saving grace from an awkward silence as Emelie gathered her thoughts. She didn’t know where her aversion to commitment came from but she had a hard time saying yes to such things. “Aria I...” she started, taking a moment to think. She stared at the exotic looking woman. Under the running water her mouth felt dry. She liked Aria… a lot… but she liked her freedom… and Joshua… and… Her mind was racing. She had been spending more time with her lately, maybe she was trying to tell herself something. She looked up at Aria, her gaze unwavering. “Fine...” she choked out.

“Fine?” Aria repeated, raising an eyebrow. “You know, these things are often done with some excitement.” she ribbed her. Emelie blushed, her nervousness melting into a goofy smile. “yes… of course… that would be… I’d like that.” she stammered. Aria ruffled her hair, sending water flying everywhere until Emelie smacked her hand away. “Good~” Aria responded, satisfied with her answer, draping her arms around her shoulders, pulling her close. Her fingertips traced along the wet flesh downwards and downwards until the two found themselves making love in the shower. Outside in the office hadn’t been enough and now, wet, naked, clean they ravished each other.

When they finally returned to her office everything was tidied up for them. Emelie’s clothes had been cleaned, folded and hung up next to the door. Aria had a set of clothes waiting for her on her desk and on the coffee table, impossible to ignore were two thick diapers. Aria yawned, gesturing for her to lay down. “I’ll help you with yours.”

Emelie grumbled, accepting the instruction, tossing her towel aside. “Fine, but I don’t need these thick ones.” she insisted. Aria simply chuckled dismissively. “Of course not dear, but they’re what I have.” Aria taped her into the thick diaper expediently giving her a liberal dusting of the powder she’d been talking to her about earlier. Once the tapes were fastened and Emelie was trapped in the snug fitting prison she patted the front. “Alright, my turn.”

Emelie climbed off the couch, paling at the deafening crinkle coming from the garment. Even the smallest of movements elicited a noisy rustle from the damn thing. She was immediately grateful for her A ranking. She moved to pull on her suit as Aria whistled quietly, putting on her own diaper. Her trousers only just fit over the bulky padding. If she bent over she could feel the fabric pulling taught against her diaper bulge. “It’s so obvious...” she lamented. Aria glanced at her. “Oh quit complaining, every woman in the damn city is wearing something similar. You can change in the morning. Come on, I’m exhausted.”

At the mention of being exhausted, Emelie had to suppress a yawn as well. She too was quite tired. Emelie didn’t bother tucking in her blouse and as soon as Aria was dressed the pair departed. The club was still bustling with activity but the crowd had thinned substantially. It was getting late. “Senya, you know what to do.” Aria told her assistant as they walked past. She gave a curt nod towards her boss. “I know you have work tomorrow so you can drive. Let’s go to my place, I want to sleep next to you.”

Walking out to the street Emelie’s sedan slowly glided up to them. “Milady.” She opened the door for Aria, snickering at the overly dramatic gesture of politeness. Aria shook her head. The pair sped off into the brisk evening, bathed in neon light.

While Aria didn’t have ultralux money she was certainly a tier above Emelie’s standard of living. The raven-haired agent always forgot just how nice Aria’s small penthouse was. She had a decent view of the city, downtown loomed in the distance and you could even see the PrivSec building from the balcony. For just a moment, she allowed herself to fantasize about living there before Aria dragged her to the bedroom. “It is time for sleep.” She announced. Emelie knew that tone of voice, she wouldn’t take no for an answer. Emelie just nodded, yawning again as she stripped down to her padded undergarments. Aria did the same. In a few seconds flat the two collapsed into bed, curling up in each other’s arms.

“Now class, I want you to welcome Ms. Blackstar. She came all the way from PrivSec to tell you about what being a Private Security agent is like, helping keep SANAM city safe!”. Emelie walked into the classroom, smiling at the young children rustling noisily with every step. There was something familiar about the teacher. Emelie couldn’t put her finger on it, the long dark hair, her olive skin. “Thank you Miss Mouzaya.” Emelie began, clearing her throat. “Yes, I’m Field Commander Blackstar. I have my own...”

An audacious little snot interrupted her. “Is it true you wear diapers?” one of the faceless children asked. Emelie balked at the question, cheeks turning bright red. She squeezed her thighs together feeling the crinkly bulk between them. “I heard they all do because they pee their pants.” another voice spoke up, the classroom tittering with amusement. “N… no of course not I...”

“Look, you can totally see it!” a more astute student opined. “She is wearing a diaper!”. The tittering grew into uncontrolled giggling. Emelie glanced towards the teacher, a pleading look on her face to get her unruly classroom under control. “Now now class, settle down. Just because Agent Blackstar wears a protective undergarment doesn’t mean she’s any less of an agent.” the teacher began. Emelie felt faint, this was not what she had expected the teacher to say.

“Sometimes she gets frightened and has an accident. It’s quite common for women in her line of work.” The teacher explained as if it was perfectly normal. All Emelie could do was stand there, speechless. “In fact, I think it would help if you showed them so they could see.” she added. Her eyes widened, she shook her head but could feel her hands moving to her waist. Undoing her belt, pulling her pants down to her knees revealed the shamefully thick diaper. “See class? It’s perfectly normal.”

The young children burst into laughter at the sight of the grown woman displaying her huggies to them. She choked back her embarrassment. “Those are baby diapers!” she could clearly hear one accusatory tone. “N...no, it’s the Titan it’s not...” she argued before being interrupted by another. “My baby sister wears one just like that! It has the same patterns.”

Seemingly content with her role in the presentation the teacher had returned to working off her computer leaving Emelie to face the children herself. The pink pastel pictures and designs that adorned her diaper would be more fitting on something a toddler would wear… not a grown woman. She clenched her fist angrily “Th...they’re not baby diapers!” she insisted again, pants still around her knees.

“Look, she’s peeing her diaper!” someone announced. A hushed ‘ooooh’ fell over the room as she felt it. The warm, wet sensation, the trickling stream of urine tickling her lips. Emelie gasped in surprise. Letting go of her pants entirely she opted to jam her hands between her legs. She could feel the padding starting to grow soggy between her fingers. “She’s going potty in her pants.” another child noted with glee as Emelie uncontrollably urinated in front of the class. Tears of humiliation trickled down her cheek. The teasing words of the children blended into a sea of noise.

Finally she finished wetting herself. The thick padding was absolutely soaked. It felt ten times heavier than it had been when it was dry. Nearly every single inch was swollen with urine, her thighs pushed even further apart. How had she even peed so much? “As… as I was saying” she attempted to persevere despite her now soggy state.

A boy in the first row stood. Fishing something out of his pocket she yelped in surprise stumbling back in fear at the sight of a gun. The rainbow hued plastics of a child’s squirt-gun caught the experienced agent by surprise. Her bowels slackened in terror. As she fell backwards she soiled her diaper noisily in front of the children. A loud, chunky, wet release was enough to cause her diaper to bulge substantially before she hit the ground. Falling with a dull splat she shut her eyes, grunting as she completely voided her bowels, filling her diaper. She sat there, shoulders against the wall still pushing semisolid poop into her diaper.

The class had erupted into raucous laughter at this point. The teacher oblivious to the goings on, simply whistling a tune to herself as she typed away at the keyboard. “She pooped her diaper!” one exclaimed with particularly malicious glee. “Eww she pooed!” another shouted. “Ms. Mouzaya, Emelie pooped her diaper.”another announced. That finally got the teacher’s attention. She glanced up from the computer as Emelie slowly pulled herself to her feet, sniffling. “Oh dear… Thank you class.”

Due to her unfortunate fall a fetid discolored puddle had been left on the floor where she’d sat. Brownish liquid dripped from the outer shell of the garment. Even worse, brown ooze clung to her thighs where her fall had forced it past the leg guards, squishing it against her skin. The teacher circled around the horrified agent clicking her tongue. “Normally I would send her to the nurse but since she’s leaking I can’t have her leaking all over the hall. We’ll have to change her in the classroom.”

The children all giggled volunteering to help. Emelie could only shake her head and reach for her pants which had mysteriously vanished. “Th… that’s not necessary I… I think I’d rather just be going… I have a change in my car I...” she was shushed by the teacher who firmly grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her towards what could only be described as a diaper changing table. “But I won’t fit on that...”

“We’ll make do, now up.” Miss Mouzaya commanded. She crawled onto the changing table, staring at the ceiling. One of the children brought an even thicker diaper than the one she had initially been wearing. “Oh, good thinking. I don’t think she’s ready for a Titan. She really ought to be wearing a colossus.” she agreed, more giggles coming from the children. “I guess she’s not ready for potty training yet. Remember class everyone learns at their own rate. “I… I am potty trained.” Emelie protested weakly. “I am...”

She awoke with a start, Aria was stroking her hair. “Of course you are. Of course you are.” her girlfriend whispered comfortingly. A cold sweat blanketed her face, making the air in the room seem cooler than it was. “Just a bad dream.” Aria cooed. Emelie instinctively reached underneath the sheets, feeling the fabric for the telltale wetness of a nighttime accident. The sheets were mercifully dry. “You were mumbling something about being potty trained and having quite a fit.” Aria explained. Emelie blushed brightly, recalling brief moments from the dream.

“C’mon, I’ll help you change.” Aria whispered. Emelie responded with a confused noise… right… the diaper… she groaned, pressing the fingers against the front of the padding. Soaked… “I can wait until morning...” she mumbled, still groggy. Aria began to get a little annoyed “No you can’t, you messed your diaper in your sleep!” she announced.

The color drained from her face. She had what? “N...no I didn’t.” she reacted the only way she knew how. Wetting her bed was one thing but to have so little control she voided her bowels while she slept. Her lip quivered, Aria took her hand and pressed it right against the faint bulge with a squelch. “Good thing I put you in one of those...” Aria mused as she pulled the sheet away exposing her well used diaper. Aria’s own diaper was utterly soaked but she hadn’t soiled it like Emelie. After that dream she wasn’t in any mood to resist. Aria gathered the supplies to clean up after her little accident. Tired, frustrated, humiliated Emelie didn’t fight it.

Aria opened the diaper and quickly wiped her down until she was once more clean. Fortunately it wasn’t nearly as bad as her dirty diaper earlier in the evening. Emelie fell asleep before it was finished , woken briefly by Aria tucking her in as she rejoined her in bed. “Mmmthanks.” she mumbled before falling back asleep for a scant few dreamless hours.

Morning arrived and everything seemed like a distant memory. Her diaper was barely even damp, though… the vague recollection of what had happened during the night ensured she didn’t celebrate prematurely. Hopefully Aria wouldn’t mention anything. Speaking of which. Emelie rolled over, seeing the sleeping woman brought a smile to her lips. Her eyes fluttered open. “Good morning Murtaziq” she mumbled. “Go on and get ready for work.” she said, shooing her out of bed so she could go back to sleep. Such was the benefits of making her own hours. Emelie chuckled and nodded, kissing Aria on the forehead before crawling out of bed.

First thing first, bathroom. Wandering into the toilet she tore the diaper from her hips and plopped down to relieve herself. There was something admittedly satisfying watching the bladder level bars in her ocular implant decrease as she emptied herself. She sat on the toilet as more of the dream came back to her. It reminded her of the time spent doing outreach while she was still SAPD. Visiting classrooms, talking to children… it was like a warped memory… an extremely warped memory and that teacher… that was Aria! She shook her head, wishing she could forget everything about the dream. It just seemed so wrong.

Regardless, it was time for a new mission. That was always something to be excited about. With all the paperwork finished yesterday she wondered what would be available today! She wanted to be early before all the good missions were taken. Hopefully Hagar wasn’t too angry with her. After that chewing out yesterday though she couldn’t be so sure.

Splashing cold water on her face she stared at herself in the mirror. “You’re a grown ass woman, you can do this.” she encouraged herself, feeling like she needed a bit of a pep talk. Rummaging through Aria’s dresser she grabbed a pair of panties. Surely Aria wouldn’t miss them. Emelie felt a bit guilty slipping them up her legs but she still had that package of protection at work. She hated that it had come to it but she could change into one when she got to her office. She heard Aria’s mumbling voice from the bed. “Don’t have an accident in my panties….”

Emelie blushed, deciding not to argue with her. Pulling on the rest of her clothes was a quick affair. She didn’t even think about the implications of wearing the same suit two days in a row… though she’d spent most of yesterday in her office slaving away over paperwork. The only person who’d really seen her was Hagar… and that harpy Veronica….

In a few short minutes Emelie was out the door and taking a seat in her car. Her stomach growled hungrily, she pined for a cup of coffee but she wasn’t going to risk it. She knew the route from Aria’s place could often have traffic heading towards the PrivSec building in the morning and wearing panties… she shuddered at the thought of another accident. Things were finally settling back into some semblance of normalcy. No Lynd talking her ear off, no having to rely on Joshua for a ride in his ridiculous sports car. Just silence, enjoyable silence.

Her implant vibrated in her ear… it seemed her enjoyment of solitude was short sighted. “Lynd… Can I help you? You know work doesn’t start for...” she paused, glancing at the time. “an hour or so.” Em spoke through the private call. “Yeah, so? You didn’t come home last night, were you out with that Wraith more or didja have a hot date?” she asked, prying for information like they were close friends. There was something endearing about the younger woman’s enthusiasm but Emelie wasn't in the mood. “I’ll see you at work Lynd.” she said curtly, hanging up the call. She shook her head, reclining in her seat as the car drove itself to the PrivSec building.

She stepped out of the car at the front gate, letting it go park itself as she made her way once more into the office. Already she was feeling a twinge of desperation. A quick check and she wasn’t even at 40% capacity yet! The decision to skip coffee earlier was proving to be a wise choice. It was odd, as she walked through the lobby she almost felt self conscious. So many women were obviously diapered under their professional attire. A thin awkward veil of normalcy hung over the lobby as they all pretended nothing had changed. Emelie could see or hear the telltale hints that they were wearing some level of protection. She started to think about what Hagar had been telling her yesterday about the department of compliance. She swallowed dryly and stepped a bit more quickly towards her office before she was caught without the proper protection on.

Unlike the prior day Hagar wasn’t waiting for her when she departed the elevator on her floor. She breathed a sigh of relief, making a beeline for her office where she’d left the package of Sentinel pullups. She would change, visit the restroom assuming the construction was done, and then peruse the new mission offerings.

Everything went according to plan which seemed like a miracle given the past few days and the likelihood of her plans to fall apart. There was only a few other people on her floor at this time of morning. Making it to her office without having to interact with anyone else was a cinch. With the door locked behind her she quickly stripped off her bottoms before removing one of those accursed garments from the packaging. Emelie couldn’t wait until they were available without the cutesy prints. She swallowed her pride… again and slid them up her legs one foot at a time before the thin layer of padding once more hugged her hips. She took a deep breath, confidence slowly returning as she hastily tugged up her slacks over the discrete protection.

Once she was properly dressed for work she hurried to the dispatch office. It was still early! Hopefully there would be some prime missions available, she wrung her hands together with excitement. That last mission hadn’t gone… exactly as planned, but in the end it had been a success… even if she did get chewed out for some of the… minor details.

“Blackstar, I see you got the message.” a familiar voice called out. She blushed at Hagar’s insinuation. Was it really that obvious? Emelie scrambled for a moment, adjusting her slacks. “Relax, I was just testing you. I’m glad you’re following orders. I’ve got your next dispatch here.” he continued, handing over a manila envelope. She furrowed her brow in surprise. That didn’t normally happen. Hagar could see the confusion on her face. “Open it, seems like the Division Ruine boss was impressed with how you and your team handled that last mission he requested you and your group for another assignment… despite the smell.” Hagar quipped, much to Emelie’s displeasure.

Emelie snatched the envelope from his hand huffing at the comment. “Assuming it’s vetted?” she asked, tearing open the envelope. “Just the general requirements. Sounding like another Grade B, you’ll look like a real hotshot if you get two done in one month.”

She began reading the missive. It certainly was odd in this digital city to receive an actual, physical document. Attempting to read however would be more accurate. She stared blankly at the loopy script adorning the paper. It was as foreign to her as the life of the ultralux, far above the city. “Uhhh...”

Emelie squinted her eyes, staring intently at the paper as if it would suddenly make sense if she stared at it longer. Hagar blinked, glancing at the paper before back at Emelie. “… wait… are you serious? Goddamn degenerate youth of today.” he muttered, snatching the paper from her hand. “It’s cursive Blackstar. What are they even teaching you kids in school today.” he shook his head. “You’re not even ten years older than me!” Emelie shot back. “Old enough it seems.” he groused.

“Dear Miss Blackstar. I am requesting the services of you and your team…. Dear Miss Blackstar? This guy really is old fashioned. Anyway, where was I? your team. “A matter of a certain… sensitive nature has arisen at Division Ruine and I find myself in need of your services. Given we have established a good working relationship I trust that I can count on you. Signed Robert Walker. Seems like you really made an impression on the man Em, or maybe he goes for black hair and an inability to file expense reports on time.”

Emelie punched him in the arm. “Very funny Hagar.” she snatched the paper back from her boss as he rubbed his arm. He shook his head as he walked away, glancing back over his shoulder. “Remember, we’ve got an image to uphold.” he said before leaving. A blush graced her cheeks, she wisely kept her mouth shut. She informed the rest of her team they had a mission details to follow later. Walking to one of the company cars Lynd immediately called her. “Whoa, already? A mission? Who’s it for, what are we doing, do we get to shoot anybody?” A barrage of questions came over the comlink. Emelie sighed dramatically. “You’re the team watcher, so just watch.” she responded curtly.

“Has anyone ever told you that you’re no fun?” Lynd’s voice chimed back. “Yes, more than one person in fact. I don’t know any of the details yet. That’s what I’m going to see now. He wants to brief me in person it seems. You can make yourself useful and do me a favor. Find out everything you can about Robert Walker.” she ordered. There was a brief pause. “Anything in particular you want me to look for?” she asked. Emelie was slightly surprised, she’d expected a bit more resistance from the girl. It seemed she might fit into the corporate structured lifestyle after all. “I don’t know...” she mused “Just get me some light reading for the car ride.”

Twenty minutes later a notification appeared in her ocular implant, Lynd worked quickly it seemed. The engine of the PrivSec suv thrummed quietly as it drove towards the office she’d been at just days before. Using the integrated holoprojector built into the dash she began to peruse the report. It began with his younger days, before Division Ruine. Emelie wasn’t sure if it showed off either how good Lynd was or how vast the PrivSec databases were. Either way, there was enough information to distract her for the majority of the drive.

She learned everything from his favored brand of cigars, to Division Ruine’s profits… for the past ten years, even his suspected favorite color was listed though… she had a feeling Lynd was just messing with her when the report said chartreuse. The familiar building came into view and the truck slowed as it pulled around to the entrance. Emelie dismissed the boxy, armored vehicle, it slowly rolled away as she set it to surveillance mode.

Bridgette was already waiting for her as she approached the door. Emelie’s eyes drifted downwards. It was plain enough. Underneath the muscular woman’s tight fitting skirt was the faint but unmistakable rectangular lump of thick padding. Emelie blushed slightly, quickly look back up at her face before she was caught staring. The woman extended her hand, grasping Emelie’s own, shaking it firmly. “Good to be working with you again. The boss wanted outside help with this. He’s expecting you.” she greeted, opening the door for Emelie.

Em nodded and walked in as the brunette security officer shut the door behind her. It wasn’t quite as tense as last time she’d been here. This time she didn’t have to tell the leader of one of the larger gangs in SANAM city that she needed to deal with some of his organization. This time she was here on his request. It didn’t take long at all until once again she found herself in front of the heavy oaken doors. They swung open, Bridgette escorted her inside.

Walker sat in his full backed leather chair, waving his hand in the air, dismissing a set of reports projected above his desk. “Come in.” he requested, slowly standing to meet her. Bridgette shut the door behind them. Walker took a moment before returning to his chair after a firm handshake. “I know your time is valuable as is mine. I’ll get down to it.” he began as Emelie sat, Bridgette sitting to her right. He intertwined his fingers leaning forward. His body language alone was enough to tell Emelie the gravity of the situation. It took a lot to make Emelie uneasy but dealing with Walker, the kind of man who could ruin a person on a whim brought a certain anxiety. The last time she’d been here he had executed one of his sons… without a second thought and then thanked her for it. She swallowed dryly but remained stoic.

Just like last time, the network activity in the room dropped, the signal status in her ocular implant dropped to zero percent. “One of our own decided to…. appropriate a very advanced product… advanced and… experimental.” he began, his measured speech slow and deliberate. “As you may… or may not know Division Ruine manufactures some very advanced pieces of technology I am quite proud to say. We’d been having some trouble in retrieving our leased augmentations from those no longer with us. SPD paperwork can be so bothersome, but I don’t have to tell you that. Then there’s also the matter of dealing with the family’s and their objections to post-mortem surgery...”

Emelie tensed, she wasn’t sure exactly what he was talking about but she had a sinking suspicion in the pit of her stomach. “So, we devised a method of control… if they had the augments to support such a thing of course. A way for the augments to return themselves to us if you will before they become property of the SPD coroners.” he said, a hint of sarcasm and disdain in his voice. Emelie interjected, looking quite pale as she realized what he was speaking of. “Augment activity must cease upon hosts death… that’s the law s….” she said before he cut her off. “Don’t quote Corporate Council law at me!” he snapped, narrowing his eyes. “As I was saying, it was experimental. Perhaps one of the poorer ideas I approved for development.” he mused, pausing for a moment to recompose himself.

“It was tagged and archived. It would be a bit too grizzly to have corpses dragging themselves down the street to a Division Ruine warehouse for processing, not to mention the attention it would attract but I digress. An… enterprising individual decided to abscond with the Summoner project and appropriate it for his own misdoings… thieving scum”

Her jaw tightened “So you want this Summoner project destroyed?” she asked. He nodded “In more ways than one. He’s begun calling himself The Summoner.” Walker added with a roll of his eyes. “I’ll transfer you all of the files pertaining to him.” He held out his hand and Emelie acquiesced, grasping it, shaking the man’s hand again accepting the file transfer. There certainly was a lot to digest, she could look at the specifics later. “Extrajudicial executions have to be cleared first… there are proper channels for these kinds of things Walker.” Emelie began, wishing she could bring herself to be a little more forceful. He stared at her nonplussed “What he’s been doing warrants a killing, it’s all documented. I’m paying PrivSec handsomely for this. It won’t be a problem.” he spoke with an icy tone.

“I only have one stipulation, Bridgette will accompany you for this. Obviously as chief of security this is her mess to clean up.” he paused, glancing at the muscular woman who paled at the look. “Sorry, make that two stipulations. Though, this should hardly be of any trouble. Under no circumstances are you to mention of Division Ruine’s involvement with the development with the Summoner project.” he insisted with a tone that said it was not up for discussion.

“Unfortunately a squad of my own would be too risky. If Division Ruine attempts to apprehend him I believe he will make public knowledge the details of the Summoner Project and given his connections as an ex employee… I would be less than pleased with that result. A PrivSec team however… well his activities warrant such action, it’s to be expected sooner or later.”

She had to admit, it made sense. Walker wasn’t the type to reach for outside help lightly. Everything that Lynd had compiled for her seemed to indicate he kept operations within the organization. If word got out that they were reanimating augments still installed… the Council would bury them. Emelie glanced towards Bridgette who was nervously drumming her fingers across her thigh. “I think we can accommodate her in our operations.” she concluded. The brunette looked visibly relieved and Walker appeared pleased. If Emelie didn’t know any better she would have guessed Bridgette had just peed in the thick diaper beneath her skirt. “Good, good. I was certain we would come to an understanding. Update me when you know more. Bridgette, don’t fuck this up.” he said harshly. Clearly, she was in the dog house until this matter was resolved.

Bridgette nodded “Yes Boss.” Emelie nodded as well. She hadn’t even noticed by the time their meeting finished her bladder was just passing seventy-five percent full. She squeezed her thighs together, the faint rustle of her pullup barely audible with her enhanced hearing. Just like that, the meeting was over. Her signal returned and idle network activity resumed around her as he lifted the communications blackout around the office. “See her out Bridgette.”

The larger woman nodded again and stood from her chair gesturing for Emelie to follow. She quickly stood, shaking Walker’s hand once more. The firm grip of his hand locked around hers as their eyes locked loosened a dribble of warm urine into her padding. “The pleasure was mine Ms. Blackstar.”

Emelie simply smiled at him before departing with Bridgette. The pair breathed a collective sigh of relief as the door shut behind him. “Hell of a boss...” Emelie said with a chuckle to lighten the mood. “Tell me about it...” Bridgette groused, walking with the distinctive awkward gait of a soggy diaper between her legs. “Um… bathroom?” Emelie asked. Bridgette nodded, blushing at the sodden warmth in her own ‘underwear’. She too needed the bathroom but for a change… “Just follow me.”

The sleek door opened for the both of them revealing a nicely furnished bathroom. Walker’s tastes didn’t end at his office it seemed. Marble tiles lined the wall. Everything was this blend of present and past that juxtaposed in a strange but aesthetically pleasing way. If she had Aria’s money this might be the kind of decor she’d use in her own place.

No sooner than making it to the stall door a furry black blur shot out from under the door past her feet. Emelie yelped in surprise flinging the door shut, stumbling backwards. Bridgette let out a rather girlish shriek of surprise punctuated by a muffled wet blort as the back of her diaper suddenly expanded to accommodate a soft mush expelled in fright. Despite noisily filling her diaper the security chief swung her leg and kicked the thing across the bathroom. It collided with a surprisingly metallic thunk.

“God fucking FUCK!” Bridgette bellowed, panting heavily before tapping her ear. “One of your fucking pets escaped. I swear if you don’t get your lab in order I’m going to wring your neck… Of course I’m fucking pissed, it made me… Nevermind! Just take inventory. Make sure nothing else got out.” she shouted through her com. Emelie noticed her pullup was feeling awfully damp now, the meter now down to fifty-three percent and slowly dropping. She was still dribbling! She grimaced, straining her muscles to regain control of her bladder. Slowly the flow dwindled, stopping at forty-eight. At least she hadn’t soiled her pullup. The faint smell of a wet bowel movement caused her to double check. She patted the back of her pants, sighing in relief the smell wasn’t coming from her but rather the deeply embarrassed Bridgette.

“You okay?” Emelie asked. The brunette dragged her hand across her face in irritation. “I can’t believe that made me shit myself. I’m a grown woman and I...” she said with a scowl, gingerly probing the seat of her skirt, feeling the diaper sagging heavily with shit. Emelie felt bad for the woman, being in her position wasn’t easy and only made more difficult by her body betraying her. “Well, you’re not the only one… that thing made me piss myself.” she admitted in a rare moment of candor and camaraderie with a fellow woman suffering a bout of incontinence. Emelie tugged the front of her slacks down revealing just enough of the pastel colored pullup and the slightly faded prints. Bridgette chuckled bitterly “Well, at least you didn’t load your pants.”

“Fair enough...” Emelie responded before slipping into the stall to finish. It was definitely wet but it hadn’t leaked! She inspected the padding between her knees as she sat on the toilet. The garment had done its job, could probably soak up a fair bit more too. Emelie felt a major sense of accomplishment while sitting on the toilet, much like waking up dry the previous day. It only took a few moments for her to finish emptying her bladder. Much to her irritation it seemed like she couldn’t empty it all the way? The meter still read fifteen percent full! Maybe the damn thing was busted… she didn’t feel like she had to go anymore. Tugging up her protection she didn’t bother wiping, it was already damp she told herself. What difference did it make?

Outside the stall Bridgette was standing bowlegged in front of a shelf that had unfolded from the wall. The smell from Bridgette’s dirty diaper had started to seep through her protection and leave a noticeable stench in the bathroom. Emelie wrinkled her nose. She held a large garment in her hand, the pink prints that adorned the white plastic casing brought a scowl to both their faces. Washing her hands Emelie noticed Bridgette’s hesitation, simply holding the garment. She looked so vulnerable standing there, not at all like the woman who could easily rip the bathroom door off its hinges if she were so inclined.

“Do you need help?” Emelie asked after a few seconds of awkward silence. “...please.” Bridgette said in a subdued tone. “I’m still having trouble getting these damn things to fit right… I can never seem to get them tight enough… I guess it didn’t leak this time so that’s good.” she grumbled.

Emelie nodded, walking over to the woman she plucked the thick diaper from her hands. “You could always try wearing you know… one of the pullup kinds.” Emelie mused. The brunette shook her head, blushing fiercely at the suggestion. “I did… it didn’t um… go well. Walker said I had to wear something thicker… didn’t want his precious wood floor warping from the puddles...”

The statement caused Emelie to grit her teeth, disdain for the man welling in her like the rising tide. “He’s been pretty accommodating otherwise...” Bridgette said in Walker’s defense, seeing Emelie’s visible reaction. “Well, where do you want to do this?” Emelie asked, looking around. “Here’s fine...”

Bridgette gestured to the wall as another panel folded open slowly lowering until it was parallel with the floor. She stared at it, slowly wriggling her skirt down past her messy diaper. Emelie had to resist smirking in her continence superiority. Unable to turn the tables on Aria there was a certain perverse enjoyment of having the powerful security officer subdued before her. Bridgette awkwardly attempted to climb onto the changing station without squishing the contents of her diaper against her backside any more than it had been already. After a few failed attempts she managed to get into a lying position looking off to the side, soiled diaper on display between her splayed open legs. “I appreciate your help...” Bridgette said, too embarrassed to meet the gaze of the woman whom she was thanking.

“Well, we are going to be working together. Consider it practice in case we have to perform a field change while on the op.” Emelie said, enjoying Bridgette squirm at the subtle implication. “Hopefully not...” she grunted. The agent could see why Walker had insisted on thicker garments. It was already straining to contain the voluminous emission. The gusset tinged yellow, sodden with urine and the rear bulging heavily with shit. Emelie resisted the urge to make a comment, feeling a stab of guilt at her conflicted feelings.

Remembering what Aria had taught her she ripped open the tapes, wrinkling her nose as the smell of filth intensified when the diaper was lowered. She certainly had made good use of this diaper. “Lift your legs” Emelie asked, using the dry bits of the diaper to wipe away filth from her womanhood as she removed it from under her. Disposing of the dirtied diaper she stared at the woman’s shit smeared ass, Emelie hated the idea that it could have been any one of her team laying in front of her.

Another panel next to the changing station popped open revealing more supplies. Emelie had a sinking suspicion that the women’s bathrooms at PrivSec would resemble these after the construction was finished. Grabbing one of the wipes she reached down towards Bridgette’s clean shaven pussy. She hadn’t expected that, even she had a bit of hair down there. The cold wipe forced a yelp of surprise from the larger woman and a spurt of urine that soaked into the synthetic cloth wipe. “You almost pissed on me!” Emelie exclaimed. Bridgette turned even redder than before. “I’m sorry I just… it was really cold! I wasn’t expecting that! I told them to install a heater for them I… I’m sorry I didn’t mean to.” she stammered another apology.

“It’s fine it’s fine just control yourself.” Emelie grumbled hypocritically, delicately pinching the soaked wipe between her fingers, tossing it down the same chute she had disposed of the diaper with. Fortunately the rest of the change went as planned. A few more wipes and her toned skin was once again clean “Don’t worry about the table… it’s self sanitizing.” Bridgette muttered as Emelie disposed of the last wipe. “Up again.” Emelie commanded, unfolding the large diaper and positioning it under the thick woman.

One by one she pulled the tapes snug and affixed them to the front of the garment, locking Bridgette back into her toilet for the foreseeable future. She quickly climbed off the table, fresh diaper crinkling loudly as she pulled her skirt back up, hiding her shame. “Thanks...”

“Don’t mention it… I’m sure you’ll pay me back later.” Emelie said, offering her a smile. Bridgette just grunted at her and nodded as they both washed their hands before departing. “This way...”. The Division Ruine building was much less of a maze than PrivSec’s headquarters. A short walk and Emelie found herself back outside into the midday sun. “Keep me in the loop.” Bridgette called out to the raven-haired woman. Emelie’s car was already pulling up to the sidewalk, door opening for her. She sunk down into the driver’s seat the slight squish of damp padding underneath her. Before she had even gotten comfortable Lynd was already patching herself through. “Soooo, what did he say? Is it exciting? I bet it’s a super wild mission. Oh man, it’s going to be so cool.” she rambled on with her patented girlish enthusiasm.

“Lynd stop… stop just. Calm down, let me get the rest of the team on the line.” Emelie grunted, patching Drake, Dianna, Taarna and Fiona into the call. Once everyone had connected she began. “If you haven’t already met her… our new team slicer is on the line with us. Lynd Revest...” she gave a blaise introduction, lowering the volume in expectation of a flurry of excited greetings.

She let Lynd introduce herself to Dianna, Drake and Taarna, idly watching the traffic go by more interested in her prior interaction with Bridgette than the casual chatter between the team. Bridgette, like her was unaccustomed to the changes they were facing. Sure, Emelie had a position over her team but… not like Bridgette. She shuddered at the thought of trying to maintain respect of an entire organization while filling her pants like a toddler at the slightest provocation. “So… boss what’s the play? Boss?” Fiona’s voice brought her back from her thoughts.

“It’s an elimination job.” she began. The silence over the line was palpable. These were the kinds of jobs that walked a fine line between legalities. “He says everything is documented and this guy… he’s no saint. I trust his judgment. It’s not just person though there’s experimental tech involved….” she paused, remember what Walker had spoken about. “He’s developed some… bad stuff. We’re talking implant function after termination.” she explained. The team remained silent listening to her every word. “First objective is to find the bastard. They don’t know where he is so we can’t move until we know at least where he is. After we do locate him second objective is surveillance. I want to know what his routine is, when he sleeps where he sleeps who he sleeps with what brand of toothpaste he uses to brush his teeth...”

Lynd’s giggling slowly grew more audible as Emelie continued her demands. She hadn’t really seen this side of Emelie yet and to her it was apparently quite amusing. Emelie twitched, irritated by the insubordination. “You sound like… like one of those cops in a cop movie Em I want this and this and this!” Lynd teased. Drake’s snickering came in through the call. “Shut up Lynd! This is NOT the time! If I hear one more word from you...” Emelie shouted, trailing off, blushing brightly.

“Like I was SAYING. Teams of two Fiona you work the streets with Dianna. Drake, you and Taarna do the same. I’ll work with Bridgette… that’s the other thing. We’ll have a tag-along their chief of security is going to be joining us. Lynd setup another channel she can join us in and let me know when it’s done. We don’t really know much about him other than in his employee file from his tenure at DR which I’ll distribute shortly.”

A jumble of various “Yes ma'am” and other acknowledgments came in before Emelie promptly withdrew from the call taking a deep breath. Lynd was certainly making things more… lively, for better or worse. She groaned feeling the swollen padding between her legs, pressing hotly against her womanhood. Did she… during the call? Eleven percent… she had… without even noticing. Emelie grumbled angrily punching in the destination back to her office. A change and then it was time for lunch, her stomach growled ravenously in agreement with her idea. Definitely time for lunch.

