A Desperate Date

Author: Kid_Omo

*000*2010-11-17 01:10

Wow, its been a long time since I've posted here. Well, I think it would be disappointing if I didn't have a story to tell.

Anyway, this is my first successful attempt at an Original Character story, so I hope you like it. Bear with me, it is a bit long.

Anyway, I hope you like it...

______

Amy is a girl of 16 years old, she has long, straight, blond hair, big, blue eyes, and pale skin that almost shimmers in the light. Amy is a little bit short, standing at about 5'5" or so, And has some bountiful...gifts bestowed upon her.

Amy is not like most girls her age, she isn't as concerned with how her hair looks, or what clothes she wears, partially because she was also just gifted with natural good looks. That isn't to say she doesn't spend time on her looks, just not as much as most teenage girls. She actually hangs out with boys as often as, or more often than, other girls, not for any other reason than just to hang out.

No one was more thankful for Amy's preferences than her boyfriend, Mark, who was able to drag her to movies, gaming sessions, and, best of all, wrestling shows.

That's right, Mark was a wrestling fanatic. Amy wasn't as much of a raving fan, but she did find some entertainment in the shows.

Unfortunately, the small-town area they lived in had no real places for shows, so Mark's quest to drag his girlfriend to shows would often take upwards of two hours, both ways.

Amy spent some time getting ready, working on her hair and clothes. She really didn't know why, she could just roll out of bed and go, pajamas and all, to a show and still be the best-looking person there.

Still, she always wanted to dress up and look good for her boyfriend.

Amy straightened her hair, put on a nice pink T-shirt that clung to her quite well and a light blue skirt that reached just above her knees.

Suddenly, a horn honked outside and Amy saw her boyfriend's black pickup truck, not the most romantic vehicle, but at least he had his own transportation. Amy quickly got on her black boots, shouted goodbye to her parents, and ran out the door to meet her boyfriend.

As Amy ran out to the truck, she was greeted with a kiss from her boyfriend, and a large cup of pop, such a thing was common for Mark to bring, especially for a two-hour trip.

As they pulled away from Amy's house, she took a sip, Dr. Pepper, her favorite.

As the boring two-hour ride continued on, Amy continued to gulp down her soda, looking out the window, Mark was a great guy, but he was not much when it came to conversations, so the only sound was the truck driving and Eminem blaring on the stereo.

Amy didn't even realize just how much she was drinking until she heard a different sound break the monotony, the sudden odd slurp of an empty cup of pop...

She looked at the clock, it had been less than forty-five minutes into a two-and-a-half hour trip!

"Wow, you sure were thirsty." Came Mark's comment, one of the few things he's said since the trip began.

Amy then noticed something, a slight discomfort in her abdomen.

Ah, well, they were still on the highway for a while, they should find a rest stop before it became an issue.

About fifteen, twenty, minutes later, Amy was feeling some serious discomfort, she squirmed around awkwardly and looked over at Mark, who didn't seem to notice.

She then looked into the distance and saw the amazing blue sign, marked with the glorious, white letters 'rest stop'!

Fortunately, Mark asked the question before Amy had to make the embarrassing statement, "You need the rest stop?"

However, before Amy could respond, Mark said, "Never mind." Pointing out the orange sign across the next rest stop sign, 'closed'!

'What?' Amy thought, 'Can they close a rest stop?'

Well, apparently they could, for, as they got closer, the diverging roadway was fairly thoroughly blocked off.

So, they continued on the path, with no further rest stop between now and when they left the highway.

As they went through the town to the near hour and a half of country road, Mark didn't think to ask Amy if she needed to stop, and Amy was not about to actually speak up and tell him about it.

Amy crossed her legs, but this didn't help that much, and she began to squirm uncontrollably in her seat, this was not helped either by the poor quality of the road they were on, the constant bumps only agitating her pained bladder.

It got so bad that Amy began looking over desperately at the large empty cup, perhaps a way to get relief. 'No!' Amy fought against herself, 'Even if I had a hiding spot!'

Amy had a strong bladder, she should be able to make it to the arena where the show was being held, not the most comfortable trip, but possible.

Finally, they reached the gas station on the corner of nowhere and the cornfield, which meant they were less than ten minutes from their destination. Amy wanted to avoid the issues and ask if they could stop at the gas station, but Mark just happened to ignore the stop sign and zipped into the turn.

The sudden force of the turn weighed on Amy's bladder, causing her to force her legs together to stop her bladder from failing.

Now it was basically a straight shot along less-bumpy brick roads to the arena.

That's when Amy realized that this was in no way an actual 'arena'. It was a crappy building that looked like a large storage shed with a small ring in the middle, some rope lines between the folding chairs and the ring, then a large curtain across the back of the building, that was about it.

Amy got out of the truck, as she stood up, she realized just how bad her need to go was, she quickly pressed her hands into her crotch and leaned over. Amy then looked around to make sure no one saw her, which, thankfully, no one seemed to, Mark was busy with his stuff in the truck.

Amy managed to remover her hands, and, after a little while longer, she was able to stand up straight, but not without great discomfort.

Then, as she walked into the building, Amy saw a bit of a problem with the construction.

The problem Amy saw was, that was about it, no sight of anything like a bathroom sign, or, for that fact, any other rooms than the large area they stood in.

Amy looked awkwardly at Mark, who was talking to these people like he knew them, and asked, in a whisper, "Um...Mark...Where's the, uh, where's the bathroom?"

"Oh," Mark said, then, with no discretion in his voice, pointing around the corner, "Right around there." He then went on talking to the random people he met.

Amy walked over to where he indicated, around the corner, outside the building, and her heart fell. There was something that could be called a bathroom, problem was, it was a port-a-potty.

No way was Amy about to go in one of those! She would just have to hold it through the show, that's not too hard, right? How long can one of these shows go, anyway?

Finally, that awkward time before the show was done, and the opening music hit, so Mark and Amy found their seats, the sitting position really helping Amy to maintain control of her bladder.

Problem was, they were in the front row, increasing Amy's paranoia about people seeing her desperation.

Still, as the opening music played, Amy managed to distract herself for a while. It seemed that sweaty, half-naked guys in tights grabbing each other was an excellent distraction for a teenage girl, who knew?

This doesn't mean Amy could let up any of the pressure she had to keep her bladder under control, she just didn't think much about it.

This was, until Amy got a little too excited at the end of a match and she jumped out of her seat.

Amy's legs quickly shut together to stop a quick spurt of urine from escaping, she then sat back down and returned to her uncomfortable position.

Once again, Amy distracted herself with the show, not fully able to forget her urge, but enough that it wasn't an issue.

This distraction was once again interrupted, but this time, not by excitement, but by a comedy match.

Some guy in tye-dyed tights came strutting out from behind the curtain to a Lady Gaga song, Amy couldn't help but chuckle.

As the match wore on and the moves got even more ridiculous, Amy busted out laughing, then, something else burst out of Amy.

Amy then tensed up the muscles in her upper thighs and thrust her hands into her lap, still, this did not prevent quite a bit of pee from escaping into her underwear, enough that she could feel the uncomfortable wetness.

Finally, that match came to an end, Amy too tense to laugh at the man's antics, and they announced it was time for intermission.

'Intermission?' Amy thought, 'Its been an hour!'

Still, this provided a good time for Amy to sneak off to the thing that passed as a bathroom in this place. She got up to walk around, trying to keep her composure, but she realized that it would be impossible for her to stand up straight, she had to lean over and force her legs together.

Slowly, Amy sneaked out of the building towards the disgusting port-a-potty, but, it seemed the rest of the crowd didn't care how disgusting it was. There was quite a line to the bathroom there, Amy wasn't sure if she could hold it that long!

Then, an idea struck her, Mark left his truck unlocked, and the start of all this trouble could also be the resolution to it.

There would be a large plastic cup in the truck that, perhaps, Amy could relieve herself into. It was not the best option, but, hey, desperate times call for desperate measures.

Amy waddled over to the truck and opened the door, but, as she searched around the cup holder, she realized there was something wrong. No cup! Mark had taken it out and thrown it away when they first showed up!

Amy groaned, she would need to do something. Once again, she made up an excuse to not use the "bathroom" here. 'Alright, Amy,' She thought to herself, 'You're a big girl, you can hold it.' She coached.

The music hit and Amy returned to her seat next to Mark to watch the rest of the show.

As she sat down, Mark handed her a can of pop, saying he figured she was thirsty.

"Thanks..." Amy said, reluctantly taking the can and trying to open it. Amy took an awkward sip, then cringed as she had to work hard to stop another spurt from escaping.

This begged the question, "Um, Mark, how much longer should this be?" She asked, squirming in her seat.

Mark looked back at her, he looked her over, but seemed to be completely oblivious to her desperation, he then pulled out his phone and checked, why exactly, no one knows, as he said, "Two more matches." Not any real measure of time, there.

Amy sat there, reluctantly, unable to sit back, and tried to distract herself with the show, taking intermediate sips from her pop, though hardly making any progress, as her bladder would not let her.

For a while, Amy managed to distract herself with the show, but, after a while, it just became impossible, she squirmed in her seat, again being forced to thrust one hand in between her legs to help her hold on.

Finally, the last match came. It was high energy, but Amy couldn't pay any attention to what happened. Her hand started shaking, and she heard sloshing liquid from her can of pop, forcing her to put it down.

Amy brushed her hair out of her face and noticed something, she was sweating from the force needed to help her hold it in! She was at her limit here, Amy had no idea how much longer she could hold it.

Eventually, the match ended, a short address to the crowd, and the show was over. People started filing out, and Amy got up and wanted to leave as fast as she could, but Mark wanted to stay behind and talk to some people after the show.

Fortunately, before Amy had to say anything, Mark looked at his phone and noticed the time, he told the guys he had to leave and got Amy and walked to the truck with her.

Mark kept making intermediate glances at Amy as she bent over and shifted her legs, and unseen smirk on his face, but Amy was too busy trying to hold it in to care.

They got to the truck and started driving, facing very little traffic as they got through the parking lot, and nothing after that.

Amy took a sharp inhale and looked over to Mark, about to ask him to stop somewhere, but Mark talked first.

"So, you feeling hungry?" He asked, innocently.

"Yes!" Amy shouted, a little too eagerly, knowing a stop for food would mean a chance to use a real bathroom.

"Alright." Mark said.

Amy was both confused and distressed as they drove through this town, passing several fast-food restaurants along the way, where was Mark going?

Suddenly, they were out of town, on a different country road than before, Amy had never been this way.

"Mark? Aren't we going to stop and eat?" She asked, her voice trembling under the strain.

"Yeah, we are." Was all Mark said.

Amy really had no idea what he was thinking, all she knew was that he needed to get there quick or he would have a serious mess to clean up in his truck.

On the way, the truck hit a big bump, causing a short release from Amy's bladder. It was so bad, her entire body lurched forward to try and stop it form coming out, but she couldn't last any longer.

Amy looked over and wanted to just ask Mark to pull over, but she was too nervous to ask, not to mention the fear of taking any amount of energy or focus away from holding her pee.

In a few minutes, which felt like hours to Amy, they were in town and the truck came to a stop.

They were outside of a real nice restaurant, OK, so, maybe it wasn't fancy, but it was more than fast-food, which is high-class to a teenager. Regardless of what it was, all Amy cared about was that this place had a bathroom.

They got out of the car. Amy's feet his the ground, and she suddenly felt something, a certain sensation between her legs, she could not hold it any longer. Amy pushed both her hands below her skirt and right into her crotch to try and hold it, but this was a very temporary solution.

Amy then took off in a mad dash toward the door of the restaurant. She then began frantically looking around for the bathroom signs. By the time Mark had walked in, she had located the signs and took off before he had a chance to say anything.

The urine had already started to burst out from Amy's bladder as she dashed off. By the time she made it to the bathroom, the flood gates had opened, it was no longer small trickles, Amy was fully wetting herself!

Amy got over to the toilet and pulled down her now-soaked panties and finished relieving herself with a sigh of relief.

Amy then stood up and looked down. To her terror, not only were her panties thoroughly soaked, but it had gone down her legs and soaked into her boots, and the front of her blue skirt had a massive wet spot on it.

Amy tried her hardest to get herself cleaned up, but she couldn't get all of it.

After spending about five minutes in the bathroom trying to get cleaned up, she was forced to admit defeat.

Amy walked out, trying to hide her embarrassing accident, over to the table where Mark was waiting.

Amy thought she had succeeded in hiding it, as the meal went off without a hitch, other than Amy having to shift around uncomfortably due to her soaked underwear.

Then, as they walked to the car, Mark looked over at her, "Girl? Did-did you...um..." He tried to find a sensitive way to put this, but found it quite impossible. He looked around, no one was close, so he asked, in a whisper, "Did you um...make it...to the bathroom?" Was the best he could muster.

Amy could only blush and look away, letting out a slight whimper, then she grew bolder and said, "Of course I did, I'm not a little girl, you know?" She said, in a rough voice.

"Relax, girl," Mark responded. Amy thought, as he paused, that he believed her lie, then, he continued, "Accidents happen."

Amy gasped slightly and could simply feel her whole face turning completely red, she stammered to say something, but just couldn't find any words for this situation.

"I-I don't know what you're talking about..." Was all she could stammer out, she knew it was ridiculous.

"Seriously, you don't have to hide it, I know what happened." Mark said, trying to comfort her.

All this served to do was make it worse, Amy practically stopped walking, burying her face in her hands, feeling tears starting to form from the horrendous embarrassment of this situation.

"Don't be embarrassed, babe, its fine. In fact...I may find it...somewhat" Now it was Mark's face that was turning red, he was about to tell Amy something he hadn't told anyone else, "Kind of...attractive." He said with a smirk.

Amy looked up at him, his smile was sincere, it wasn't a joke. Still, this was an incredibly awkward situation.

Mark finally broke the tension, "So, if you wanna take off that wet pair of underwear for the ride home..." He said, half joking, but with an element of hope in his voice.

Amy just chuckled a little at this, making this situation slightly less awkward.

Amy instructed Mark to just take her home, as much as he wanted to bring her to his place, that's all he did.

The two-and-a-half-hour ride home had some incredible tension, neither person saying a word, but, after the shock of that night wore off, their relationship was never better.

*006*2010-12-21 23:17

{{:

I read this before... is it posted anywhere else?

}}

No...This was an original story...I haven't posted it anywhere other than here...

