Anything to Confess? - Page 12

*275*2021-10-24 19:05

Chapter 143

Megan

I drop off Liam then drive directly to the McGintley’s where I park the van in their designated parking spot and open the back of the van to get Chelsea out. Mr McGintley’s comes out to take over and asks what Chelsea watched and if she enjoyed it. I tell him genuinely that she loved it and tell him the name of the film. He touches his daughter lovingly on the hand and chats to her as I close the van doors, lock it and hand him the keys. It feels strange walking home after having the van for days but the exercise is good and even though the evening air is cooler I don’t really mind.

As I get to Woodburn Close I notice the family car is not there and I breathe a small sigh of relief. It means Iain and dad must both still be at the hospital with mam. I hope dad then takes Iain to the train station to delay his return even longer. Remembering how cross he was at dinner when he heard I had been to see mam makes me dread seeing him again. Rory runs right up to me to hug me as I walk in the door, rather unexpectedly, and I ask right away if everything is ok. He nods saying he missed me which is incredibly sweet.

Theresa has Yasmin on her knee reading to her in the living room but it’s obvious that Yasmin has been crying by her watery eyes and pink cheeks.

“Everything ok?”

“Yeah. She’s just been upset for the last forty-five minutes or so. She got upset when she saw dad and Iain leave but I managed to settle her again but the last wee while she’s just been upset again. She’s not coughing or anything and I’ve changed her and she’s had some milk.”

“Do you want me to take her?”

“If you can that would be good. Rory was wanting to show me something he’s built with Lego but I haven’t been able to look due to Yasmin.”

I smile to myself realising that it explains Rory’s sudden affection as I came in. I must make sure I go see what he’s built too as I know that would mean such a lot to him.

I take Yasmin from my sister and she cuddles into me right away. I carry her into the kitchen chatting away to her as I fill the kettle with water and turn it on, feeling a coolness in my crotch that I’m unused to with having no underwear on. Theresa asks if I had a good night at work and I joke that I must be the only person in Bangor that gets paid to go to the cinema. She laughs and pulls a face jokingly before heading upstairs to see the boys. I make myself a cup of tea and sit at the dining table sipping it with Yasmin on my knee as she cuddles in looking tired. The poor baby has been passed around so much today between myself, Iain and Theresa and I am convinced this isn’t helping her at all. Her older brothers understand so much more and need less care but her routine has been all over the place in the last week with trips to Liam’s, runs out in the McGintley’s van to and from schools and having so many different people looking after her.

I worry about Yasmin so much but I also worry how dad will be when he gets back home and what mood he might be in. While it’s always been mam that’s been volatile dad has been so much more stressed and on edge since mam’s been in hospital too and even more controlling especially in relation to visiting mam. By the time my tea has finished Yasmin is almost asleep in my arms, her little fingers wrapped in her precious pink muslin cloth and the edge of the cloth touching her cheek. I head upstairs to put her in her cot looking forward to then popping into the boys room to hear how school was today and to see what Rory is so proud of building. I have no sooner settled Yasmin in her cot and I’m heading next door to see my younger brother’s when I hear the front door open and slam shut.

I guess that’s dad back and I take it he isn’t happy.

&&

&&

&&

*276*2021-10-25 09:10

Chapter 144

Liam

After seeing Megan on Friday night I don’t see her at all on Saturday, in fact I barely even hear from her. My credit card statement arrives in the post first thing in the morning and with returning to work full time on Monday for a week I google to see if the bank is open on a Saturday. Thankfully it is, at least until lunch time anyway, so I walk down to the high street after breakfast to see if I can transfer any money from my bank account over to my credit card. I really should get the bank app on my phone and if I get to speak to someone I might see if they can help with that too.

The bank is surprisingly quiet at its opening at 10am and I almost faint in shock when I am told my first wages have finally went in! Even though it’s just from part time hours with the added two training days I was paid for and the overtime back on the Saturday of Megan’s brother’s first communion it’s enough to pay the minimum payment on my credit card and a bit more to ensure the rent won’t bounce in a few weeks too.

I recognise the lady serving me from my previous embarrassing visit before when I left with leaflets for the food bank, a ‘ways to budget better’ booklet and a flyer for the citizens advice bureau, but thankfully she remains professional and doesn’t mention it. She helps me download the app for internet banking and I leave with £20 I lifted from the bank machine to buy myself food for the week. I glance up the street towards the retail park and the big Tesco where I walked to with Megan last weekend when we both really needed to pee but decide I might get better value for my money in Lidl along the road.

I get my weeks shopping feeling frustrated at myself for once again forgetting bags! Despite almost two months in Ireland now I still forget them with Lauren or her parents having always shopped back in England or aunt Ella when I lived with her. At least I now know what I need and get it on the first trip, unlike when I first arrived and went to the shops three times in one day once as I kept forgetting things. As I put my hand in my coat pocket for my wallet I realise another thing that’s changed: I have stopped smoking. Mostly due to not having the money for them rather than choice but I am sure aunt Ella would be delighted regardless. It was the one habit I had that she really hated.

I get a brief call or two from people in England who had my number and who want clarification on the time and date of my aunt’s funeral or just to send their sympathies. A few people even seem to find me on Facebook and add me as friend which feels strange since my only connection with them was through my aunt who wasn’t ever on Facebook and who now never will be. I haven’t even posted anything on there anyway but I accept them all nonetheless.

Checking my emails is another thing I put off as ever since registering the death online it seems my email address is fair game for all things death and funerals! From advertising emails asking me to set up my own funeral payment plan, to florists, to catering companies to counselling services it feels like my inbox is no longer safe and has been invaded by a spammer. I sigh while I manually delete over 16 emails from the last few days alone then plug my mobile in to charge and get myself some lunch. After lunch I walk down to the sea front and stand watching the waves, the sailing boats, families on the beach exploring and the ferries in the distance. The latter makes me suddenly realise that next weekend I need to be on one of those ferries too heading back to England ready for the funeral I organised but actually don’t want to attend…well on my own anyway.

I wipe a tear from my cheek as I think about sitting alone on the front row, my aunt’s only sibling not able to be there, her lack of husband and kids laid bare to everyone harshly and the niece I don’t know if she ever even knew about thinking I should be in a hospital having one of my kidneys ripped out rather than sitting in a church paying respects to my much loved and treasured aunt.

It’s one thing to have sat alone quietly at the back of St Mary’s chapel last Sunday before anyone else arrived but quite another to sit exposed and alone and emotionally vulnerable in my aunt Ella’s church listening to people talk about her and singing songs she loved. I watch the ferry in the distance heading to England wondering what’s drawing everyone on board to do that journey today; is it work, or visiting family, or a holiday or are any of those poor passengers unlucky enough to be travelling to a funeral of someone they loved with all their heart, more than they ever knew was possible?

I toss a few pebbles in the water then make my way back home. Gareth texts on my walk back asking how I am and reassuring me he’ll be at the funeral which I am so grateful about. I just wish I had a wife and family like he does. I’ve never felt so fucking lonely as I do right now.

*278*2021-10-26 09:44

{{8 hours ago, skirtandtights said:

Hi there, I’m a new reader who just found your story a few days ago and I have read it as quickly as I could. I see that as time has gone on the interactions from readers have become sparser so I just wanted you to know that new people are still finding and loving your story! I made an account just to post this comment and I hope you can forgive my long-windedness, lol

I hope you keep writing it (as long as you are enjoying it!) as I love all the ideas you come up with, both the erotic scenarios and the plot itself, especially the longer it goes on. I particularly loved the recent chapters in the movie theater! I also adore the romance. The characters and themes are relatable in ways I was never expecting from a story on a fetish site. Not only are they empathetic, some of the themes and scenarios are relatable to me personally so I’d like you to know that this story has affected your readers in more ways than one… I find myself thinking of the story all day when I’m doing other things. It’s definitely a “page turner”!

After browsing this site (admittedly only briefly) it seems like your writing stands out as somewhat unique, and I hope I can show my appreciation for the differences in your work without seeming like I’m putting anyone else down. I find that a lot of erotica (regardless of genre or kink) is written purely as pornography, with little regard for plot, and while that type of writing has its place, I personally enjoy a long, twisting, romantic story to go along with my erotica.

Those who enjoy reading about vanilla sex have long had romance novels available in bookstores and even BDSM has gotten its romance spotlight but it’s much harder to find a story like this in our niche. (At least, I have yet to find one quite like yours, though I haven’t been looking for long!) I have a feeling I’ll be coming back to reread this many times. Your writing is kind of inspiring, actually, and makes me want to try my hand at writing something myself, although I’m sure I won’t match you for quality or length!

As an American reader I do have a cultural question if you don’t mind me asking. Everyone in your story is so shy about excusing themselves to the restroom, even if there’s one nearby, often refusing to admit their need until the absolute last minute! Of course this leads to some very fun scenarios for both the characters and the audience, but it leaves me wondering if this reluctance to ask for the restroom is a cultural thing in England? Or is it just for the fun of the story? I wondered if it was a cultural difference because in America (in my experience) most people have no problem asking where the bathroom is.

Anyway I hope you’re enjoying your writing and I hope you don’t mind my long comment!

}}

Thank you for such a beautiful and incredible comment! It has really touched me.

In answer to your question I do think it is very much a quintessential British cultural thing to be hesitant and reluctant to ask to be excused for a bathroom. As a culture we tend to be extremely modest and shy about personal things like this and my research has found that more reserved families like Megan’s Catholic family even more so. Of course there will always be exceptions to this rule but by and large toilet needs are not spoken about and done discreetly and quietly.

Thank you for reading and know that as a reader you are greatly appreciated!

Chapter 145

Megan

Rory’s Lego model is amazing and I ask if he’d like more Lego for his birthday in less than a week. He just shrugs then asks if both Callum and Oscar can come over on his birthday and I agree.

“Do I need to ask dad?”

I hesitate thinking of the door slamming a few minutes ago.

“I tell you what Rory, why don’t you stay up here and tidy up, though if you could both get your pyjamas on that would be great, and I’ll go talk to dad. If you pop downstairs when you’re ready I’ll make some toast for supper too. How does that sound?”

The boys both nod and I quietly head downstairs where I can hear dad banging loudly in the kitchen. I stand in the doorway hesitantly as dad pulls a full bag of rubbish roughly out the kitchen bin as the bag rips and rubbish goes everywhere.

“Let me help you dad.”

“Don’t you come anywhere near me Megan Murphy! Do you know how much trouble you have caused already today? Why do you always have to think you know better than the rest of us? I always gave you the benefit of the doubt with your mam but today I wonder why I ever bothered!”

He dumps the sprawling burst bag on the kitchen floor and angrily marches over to the notice board hammering it hard with his first.

“Can’t you read? You know full well that Shaun and I took forever to work this out! See this? Yes you can read can’t you? Does it have your name on it? No it does not! There’s a reason for that too as you know! Aye everyone will just say I’m excluding you, cutting you out or whatever, but it’s for a bloody good reason isn’t it! You, of all people, should have known what seeing you would do to mam! Are you that stupid? What on God’s name were you thinking of? Do you ever think about the consequences of your actions Meg? Do you?”

My eyes sting and my head is low as I look at my dad remorsefully. Mam seemed genuinely ok when I was there so I can’t for the life of me think what I have done. I swallow hard knowing there’s only one thing I can say but also acutely aware it probably won’t make any difference anyway.

“I’m sorry.”

“It’s too late for that now Meg. It’s too late.”

I daren’t enter the kitchen though I itch to fix the bin bag that’s oozing rubbish all over the kitchen floor. I stare at it rather than looking at my own father who is now leaning on the back door as if he can’t take his own body weight. I whisper, calmly and gently, not even knowing if I truly want to know the answer.

“What happened dad?”

Dad sighs, the hotness of his face slowly fading, the back door holding him up as he collapses his weight into it more, almost falling.

“What was she like when you were there Meg? Did she talk?”

Still half whispering, my heart heavy, I reply, finally looking over at my broken father.

“She was sitting up in bed in a room of four. Not talking much but she wanted to hear about everyone. I just told her how everyone was really, that’s all. I only went because Aisling couldn’t and Iain was going with you tonight. I didn’t want her not having anyone. I honestly didn’t mean to cause trouble dad. Please believe me.”

“Well sadly it did. Apparently you’d no sooner left when your mam turned. She got out of bed, tipped over furniture, started screaming and becoming very violent and she had to be restrained and sedated. She was moved to her own room with bars on the windows, put back onto sedation again and is now in isolation for her own protection and that of the other patients. She barely even knew I was there. I was taken to an interview room with some phycologist or other and asked so many questions. You know I don’t agree with all that and I refused to talk about private family matters so now they are saying that until mam talks and opens up it’s not safe for her to be discharged. They had been starting to talk about community care too! I don’t know what you said to her Megan but are you sure you didn’t upset her? I miss her so much. I drove past St Mary’s on my way back as I was hoping to light a candle and pray for her but it was too late. The chapel gates were closed.”

I can’t resist tidying up the rubbish as I watch my own father crumble and cry. I re bag it all, sweep up then step towards my dad who has now broken down completely and I hold him as he rests his heavy body onto my smaller weaker one. I think he’d have stayed like that longer if it wasn’t for the boys walking in. Dad sees them before I do, raises his head and body and gathers himself together before walking towards the kettle, filling it with water and switching it on.

“You two been good while I was out then?” Dad musters as I hear the sadness still in his voice.

“I made a castle out of Lego dad. You want to see it? It’s got a working drawbridge and everything. We’re doing castles as a topic so I know all about them now.”

“That’s good son.”

“Dad, has Meg said about my birthday? She promised me I could have some friends round to play. I was thinking Callum and Oscar. Dad can I have a sleepover too? You know I haven’t had one of those but I went to Oscar’s one last year. Can I? Can I, please?”

Dad turns and looks at me, his face older and paler than I remember and his eyes sad and weary. Us Murphy children don’t get sleepovers, even I know that, dad always saying family life is sacred and secret and best left to immediate family only. It’s the first any of the younger boys have asked for one and I’m left to disappoint my younger brother just as my parents did to me at his age.

“Where would they sleep Rory? You wouldn’t get two camp beds or blow up beds in your room would you and it wouldn’t be fair to choose one friend over the other. I’ve got some fun surprises for you lined up so how about you have your friends over for a couple of hours on your birthday to play then we’ll have more fun on the Saturday. I’m going to see if I can change my day with Chelsea so I’m here the whole time. Anyway, sleepovers are boring…you miss all your time together because you are all sleeping don’t you? Do you think your friends can come 11-4 on Saturday?”

“What? Thursday AND Saturday? Oh Megan, thank you!”

I wink at dad hoping he found my tactfulness to his satisfaction but he doesn’t notice my secret message nor does he stay in the kitchen for supper, taking his coffee into the living room quietly without saying any more. Theresa comes in though helping herself to some toast and asking how long ago the kettle boiled. She shows us all some places to live in Belfast that she’s been looking at and Anthony comments on the prices.

“City prices are mad aren’t they Ant! Good job I’ll be making better money.”

“Will you still be here for my birthday?”

“Of course I will Rory! I won’t be around on the weekend though but I’ll be here Thursday. I’ve got your present already ordered too. I could get used to wish lists you know.”

I head upstairs with the boys after supper and read in bed before sleeping.

Saturday morning dad is up and away early saying he wants to go to Shaun’s first and then he’s going to mass before seeing mam. Theresa is working and I leave the boys to play while I look after Yasmin, tidy up, catch up on laundry and make plans for next weekend for Rory’s small party. I order him some things off Amazon that I can afford and make lists of things to pick up when I next go to the supermarket. Aisling and Harrison pop round to visit in the afternoon but they don’t stay long as Aisling looks exhausted. Thankfully she isn’t being sick anymore though and a small bump is starting to show at last. I take a photo and as I watch Harrison kissing my older sister I suddenly miss Liam dreadfully.

Families are wonderful but mine really affects my ability to see my boyfriend far too much.

Sorry that chapter posted so faint. Technical issues. Here it is again clearer

Chapter 145

Megan

Rory’s Lego model is amazing and I ask if he’d like more Lego for his birthday in less than a week. He just shrugs then asks if both Callum and Oscar can come over on his birthday and I agree.

“Do I need to ask dad?”

I hesitate thinking of the door slamming a few minutes ago.

“I tell you what Rory, why don’t you stay up here and tidy up, though if you could both get your pyjamas on that would be great, and I’ll go talk to dad. If you pop downstairs when you’re ready I’ll make some toast for supper too. How does that sound?”

The boys both nod and I quietly head downstairs where I can hear dad banging loudly in the kitchen. I stand in the doorway hesitantly as dad pulls a full bag of rubbish roughly out the kitchen bin as the bag rips and rubbish goes everywhere.

“Let me help you dad.”

“Don’t you come anywhere near me Megan Murphy! Do you know how much trouble you have caused already today? Why do you always have to think you know better than the rest of us? I always gave you the benefit of the doubt with your mam but today I wonder why I ever bothered!”

He dumps the sprawling burst bag on the kitchen floor and angrily marches over to the notice board hammering it hard with his first.

“Can’t you read? You know full well that Shaun and I took forever to work this out! See this? Yes you can read can’t you? Does it have your name on it? No it does not! There’s a reason for that too as you know! Aye everyone will just say I’m excluding you, cutting you out or whatever, but it’s for a bloody good reason isn’t it! You, of all people, should have known what seeing you would do to mam! Are you that stupid? What on God’s name were you thinking of? Do you ever think about the consequences of your actions Meg? Do you?”

My eyes sting and my head is low as I look at my dad remorsefully. Mam seemed genuinely ok when I was there so I can’t for the life of me think what I have done. I swallow hard knowing there’s only one thing I can say but also acutely aware it probably won’t make any difference anyway.

“I’m sorry.”

“It’s too late for that now Meg. It’s too late.”

I daren’t enter the kitchen though I itch to fix the bin bag that’s oozing rubbish all over the kitchen floor. I stare at it rather than looking at my own father who is now leaning on the back door as if he can’t take his own body weight. I whisper, calmly and gently, not even knowing if I truly want to know the answer.

“What happened dad?”

Dad sighs, the hotness of his face slowly fading, the back door holding him up as he collapses his weight into it more, almost falling.

“What was she like when you were there Meg? Did she talk?”

Still half whispering, my heart heavy, I reply, finally looking over at my broken father.

“She was sitting up in bed in a room of four. Not talking much but she wanted to hear about everyone. I just told her how everyone was really, that’s all. I only went because Aisling couldn’t and Iain was going with you tonight. I didn’t want her not having anyone. I honestly didn’t mean to cause trouble dad. Please believe me.”

“Well sadly it did. Apparently you’d no sooner left when your mam turned. She got out of bed, tipped over furniture, started screaming and becoming very violent and she had to be restrained and sedated. She was moved to her own room with bars on the windows, put back onto sedation again and is now in isolation for her own protection and that of the other patients. She barely even knew I was there. I was taken to an interview room with some phycologist or other and asked so many questions. You know I don’t agree with all that and I refused to talk about private family matters so now they are saying that until mam talks and opens up it’s not safe for her to be discharged. They had been starting to talk about community care too! I don’t know what you said to her Megan but are you sure you didn’t upset her? I miss her so much. I drove past St Mary’s on my way back as I was hoping to light a candle and pray for her but it was too late. The chapel gates were closed.”

I can’t resist tidying up the rubbish as I watch my own father crumble and cry. I re bag it all, sweep up then step towards my dad who has now broken down completely and I hold him as he rests his heavy body onto my smaller weaker one. I think he’d have stayed like that longer if it wasn’t for the boys walking in. Dad sees them before I do, raises his head and body and gathers himself together before walking towards the kettle, filling it with water and switching it on.

“You two been good while I was out then?” Dad musters as I hear the sadness still in his voice.

“I made a castle out of Lego dad. You want to see it? It’s got a working drawbridge and everything. We’re doing castles as a topic so I know all about them now.”

“That’s good son.”

“Dad, has Meg said about my birthday? She promised me I could have some friends round to play. I was thinking Callum and Oscar. Dad can I have a sleepover too? You know I haven’t had one of those but I went to Oscar’s one last year. Can I? Can I, please?”

Dad turns and looks at me, his face older and paler than I remember and his eyes sad and weary. Us Murphy children don’t get sleepovers, even I know that, dad always saying family life is sacred and secret and best left to immediate family only. It’s the first any of the younger boys have asked for one and I’m left to disappoint my younger brother just as my parents did to me at his age.

“Where would they sleep Rory? You wouldn’t get two camp beds or blow up beds in your room would you and it wouldn’t be fair to choose one friend over the other. I’ve got some fun surprises for you lined up so how about you have your friends over for a couple of hours on your birthday to play then we’ll have more fun on the Saturday. I’m going to see if I can change my day with Chelsea so I’m here the whole time. Anyway, sleepovers are boring…you miss all your time together because you are all sleeping don’t you? Do you think your friends can come 11-4 on Saturday?”

“What? Thursday AND Saturday? Oh Megan, thank you!”

I wink at dad hoping he found my tactfulness to his satisfaction but he doesn’t notice my secret message nor does he stay in the kitchen for supper, taking his coffee into the living room quietly without saying any more. Theresa comes in though helping herself to some toast and asking how long ago the kettle boiled. She shows us all some places to live in Belfast that she’s been looking at and Anthony comments on the prices.

“City prices are mad aren’t they Ant! Good job I’ll be making better money.”

“Will you still be here for my birthday?”

“Of course I will Rory! I won’t be around on the weekend though but I’ll be here Thursday. I’ve got your present already ordered too. I could get used to wish lists you know.”

I head upstairs with the boys after supper and read in bed before sleeping.

Saturday morning dad is up and away early saying he wants to go to Shaun’s first and then he’s going to mass before seeing mam. Theresa is working and I leave the boys to play while I look after Yasmin, tidy up, catch up on laundry and make plans for next weekend for Rory’s small party. I order him some things off Amazon that I can afford and make lists of things to pick up when I next go to the supermarket. Aisling and Harrison pop round to visit in the afternoon but they don’t stay long as Aisling looks exhausted. Thankfully she isn’t being sick anymore though and a small bump is starting to show at last. I take a photo and as I watch Harrison kissing my older sister I suddenly miss Liam dreadfully.

Families are wonderful but mine really affects my ability to see my boyfriend far too much.

*281*2021-10-26 18:43

Chapter 146

Liam

I wake up Sunday morning long before dawn staring at the ceiling aimlessly. The bed feels far too big and cold lying alone and even though I risk waking her I text Megan to say I wish she was with me. Surprisingly she replies, despite the early hour, as she suggests I come to chapel so she can see me. I look through photos on my phone and come across one of aunt Ella and immediately I know that she’d want me to do exactly as Megan suggested. I don’t understand any of the denominational differences or technical or theological debates between my aunt’s old Baptist church in England and Megan’s chapel in Ireland but I just know that something happened when I was there last week alone in St. Mary’s and it feels right to go back again.

I try sleeping a bit longer, unsuccessfully, so I get up and make myself a coffee. Checking my emails there’s once again a few death related ones I need to delete, though one does catch my eye: black clothes. Oh shit! How could I have not thought about that? I look through the slim pickings of my current clothing and nothing seems even vaguely appropriate to wear as chief mourner to a funeral. I text Megan panicking and she texts back soon after saying she’ll pop into the heart foundation charity shop on Monday and see if they have anything but she also suggests something that hadn’t even occurred to me: won’t there be some of my clothes still at my aunt’s house?

I have a second coffee while I scroll through photos on my phone to jog my memory of clothes of mine I should still have back in Chester. I can’t quite believe that I haven’t deleted all the pics taken with Lauren as her image now does nothing for me other than turn my stomach. How could I not truly see her for who she really was before? I delete each and every one that I come across with her seeing trousers, shirts, jumpers, hoodies, t-shirts, trainers and coats that I remember fondly, but no suit…that is until I see an older photo with Gareth. It’s dated a few years ago now but I’m wearing what looks like a black suit and white shirt though the tie looks more blue than black. I’m struggling to remember where the photo was taken as I wonder if the suit still happens to be hanging in my wardrobe at my aunt’s or wether my aunt threw it away on her recent clear out.

I check the time and realise I had better start heading to St. Mary’s. It’s a beautiful sunny morning in April, the sort my aunt always loved, as I walk the mile and a half to the chapel. It’s strange how Bangor has become so familiar to me so quickly when I lived in Chester over 30 years and there’s still so much of it I’ve never seen. By the time I reach the huge gates the car park is already three quarters full and throngs of well dressed people are walking into the old building.

I feel so underdressed in my charity shop shirt and smart trousers surrounded by older woman in hats and expensive dresses and men in suits and ties. Once again I sit at the back as I look to the row I remember from before where the Murphy family sat. There’s a youngish couple already there though I am pretty sure it’s not Shaun and his wife. I wonder if it’s Megan’s pregnant sister she told me about, but of course I can’t tell just from the back of her head and shoulders. There’s hushed conversations going on and tapping of feet on a hard carpet as more people fill pews and shake hands quietly with others.

Unlike the previous time here I don’t feel as ashamed or scared to be seen as I take longer to gaze at the beautiful stained glass windows, the incredible architecture and the carved lectern. Even the music somehow doesn’t feel so dusty or hollow as before as the tune feels that familiar I find myself humming along in my head. It’s only when another person sitting praying along the row from me starts quietly singing along that I suddenly recognise the song; Amazing Grace. Incredibly I find myself singing quietly myself, the words ingrained in me from years of living with my aunt. When Andrew Watt had asked about my aunt’s favourite hymns just days ago I couldn’t think of any at all and yet here I am knowing instantly that this one has to be sung at her funeral.

Despite hearing it so many times in my late teens and adult life I have never really thought much about the words. It was just a song my aunt treasured, a hymn from church she knew by memory. I stop my own singing to now listen to the stranger who is now standing singing proudly as more chapel goers come in and take their seats and the chattering subsides.

“Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now am found, was blind but now I see. ‘‘Twas grace that taught my heart to fear, and grace my fears relieved….”

My eyes fill with salty liquid as just at the line of ‘fears being relieved’ I see Megan walk into chapel, her beautiful baby sister in her arms, followed by her younger brothers, an older girl that I assume is her older sister and an even older man who I presume is her father. They file into the row beside the couple I saw earlier as the song continues as more of the congregation sing along, the harmony of the voices like an angelic choir. Maybe this was part of the appeal of church to aunt Ella? Maybe the beauty of everyone singing together, praying together, hearing the same words, brought her a sense of community, of belonging, that I’ve never had? I wish I could ask her. I wish for the first time that I’d went to her church with her.

I copy the others as best as possible as prayers are repeated by memory, rituals performed, and another hymn sung. Unlike the last service I attended here though something different happens this time and the man in the robes calls forward a choir who sing a beautiful song that seems to somehow touch my heart in a way I can’t describe. As they return to their seats I smile when I hear a cute baby noise and I wonder if it’s little Yasmin with her sister. Then the man dressed in robes, but who otherwise looks and sounds like he could be someone you work with or live next door to, stands up at a lectern and begins talking. I feel drawn to him, full of emotion, and somehow eager to hear what he feels this very eclectic bunch of people in Bangor need to hear.

In the silence of the old chapel his words piece my heart like nothing has ever done so before. It’s like he’s looking into my very soul, reading my very thoughts, hearing my greatest fears. ‘Forgiveness: it’s importance to God and us.’ Not something I would ever read about or think about normally but the everyday language, the expressions he uses, the compassion he talks with, draws me and holds me. I find myself nodding as he talks about how we all do wrong, how we all sin and how vital forgiveness is. The silence only services to connect me with this robed man more directly as he illustrates his points with Bible stories I am unfamiliar with but now inexplicably long to read.

His words seem so pertinent and timely and I can’t take my eyes off him as he ends his talk turning to the figure hanging on the cross behind him as he tearfully shares what God’s forgiveness means to him personally and how Jesus’s very last words were apparently ‘father forgive them’. I never knew that as images of Lauren Bennet, her parents, my former work colleagues, my mum, and finally my beloved aunt Ella flood my mind as the robed man encourages his followers to forgive those who have trespassed against them. I’m not 100% sure what the trespassed part means but if it means abused, betrayed, abandoned or hurt then everyone I’ve been thinking of, except my aunt, deserve to be in my mind right now.

I bow my head and repeat some prayer with everyone else, struggling to raise my head again afterwards as my heart struggles to process everything I’ve just heard. The choir are called back up as the tears roll freely down my face untouched and unhindered as the words of their perfect singing float around me like comfort blankets.

“Be not afraid. I go before you always. Come follow me and I will give you rest.”

The choir sit down but my mind replays the lyrics on repeat as a final prayer is repeated and some type of ritual performed as the service appears to be finished. I rest my head on the pew in front unable to move, deeply affected by what I have just experienced, tired and still trying to process it all. I hear murmurs in the background, feel moving, and get a welcome breeze on the back of my neck from an open door as I assume the room is slowly emptying all around me. The irony that last week I couldn’t face staying for the service but now this week I can’t face leaving isn’t lost on me as I try my utmost to lift my head and body to stand. My legs refuse to take my weight, though I do finally manage to sit upright, feeling my cheeks hot and wet and my eyes all blotchy. My vision is blurry but it appears the church is now quiet and emptier as I feel a warm body beside me and an arm over my shoulder.

“You made it Liam. Are you ok?”

I notice a man standing near Megan though I don’t know who.

“Is he a friend of yours Miss Murphy?”

“Yes Father. This is Liam, a very good friend of mine. I invited him along this morning. I think he’s found it quite overwhelming though Father.”

She reaches and holds my hand, her warmth and familiarity bringing me deep comfort. Her voice is quiet, caring and kind as she continues on.

“He’s going through a very difficult time just now Father. His aunt, who was more like a mam to him, died suddenly just a week ago. He does have a job but he’s not long started it and he’s been relying on the food bank to live for the last few weeks. He’s had to arrange his aunt’s funeral from here in Bangor as he can’t afford to get back to England. Even just this morning he messaged me in a panic because he doesn’t even have a suit or tie to wear and he’s not even got the money to get to England to get to the funeral. I can’t leave him here alone Father.”

“No my dear, that you can’t. Though your family need you too you know. I’ll sit with your friend here for a bit and pray with him. It sounds like your family are waiting for you outside. Don’t worry Miss Murphy, I will make sure Liam is ok.”

*282*2021-10-27 08:20

Chapter 147

Megan

Unusually for me I wake super early on Sunday morning so I nip to the bathroom, go downstairs for a drink and then I plan to use the silence of the house to pray, something I haven’t been doing enough of lately. I dig out my Bible and rosary beads and place my tea on the kitchen table when I jump in shock hearing my phone in the living room buzz with a text. So few people have my number so I know instantly that it will be Liam. I text back wishing I too was with him and suddenly having an idea as I glance at my Bible. I can’t see him this morning as I need to go to chapel with my family as I do every Sunday but maybe he could come too? Sure it’s not a date or anything, and we definitely wouldn’t be alone, but he’d feel less alone and we could at least see each other. Incredibly he agrees and I return to my prayers and reading.

I get over an hour alone before anyone else comes down. I know mam often made a warm breakfast before Chapel but it’s looking like a glorious spring morning and I’m not sure we have everything necessary for a fry up anyway so I look in the cupboards and fridge and decide to make pancakes instead. I shout upstairs to let everyone know, which unsurprisingly brings the boys down pronto. I hear Yasmin so ask Anthony if he’d mind bringing her down and he does so happily. Breakfast is a huge hit but then there’s the usual battle as we scramble to all use the only bathroom to use the toilet, wash, shower and brush teeth.

Amazingly we are all ready on time as we walk together to church, dad pushing his youngest child in the buggy for a change. On the walk dad tells us how Father Reilly offered to put mam’s name on the bulletin for prayer so to expect the usual questions from people but just to say she’s doing ok and hopefully coming home soon. We all know the deal anyway but dad stills feels it necessary to say it still regardless.. Theresa and myself nod and dad makes the younger boys verbally agree before we arrive at the familiar old chapel that’s such an integral part of our family ways. We hear the organ playing Amazing Grace as we climb the front stairs, dad using the ramp with the buggy, and walk into the sanctuary, me now carrying the youngest Murphy, Yasmin.

It’s busy, meaning I get very little chance to look for Liam as we file into our usual row beside Aisling and Harrison. Unusually Lilly and Shaun arrive after us and they file in at the end beside dad. As a veteran Catholic, and from a family whose lives revolve around St.Mary’s chapel, hearing Amazing Grace being played is like singing the national anthem before a big sports match; it sort of starts to lose its meaning due to over familiarity. Still Rory hums along beside me making me smile regardless. Repeating the prayers and singing the hymns makes me feel incredibly guilty about not being so regular lately in confession and mid week mass. I glance over at the confessional booths and bite my lip. I would have to sit in there for hours if I were to confess all the trespasses of recent days. I cross myself on cue and sit back down again with Yasmin on my knee as the choir sings.

Father Reilly’s message is incredible, his words digging deep into my heart and challenging me massively. There’s so much forgiveness I need from people and so many I too need to forgive, including myself. I stare at the huge crucifixion on the wall thinking of how Jesus died for all my wrong doings, feeling very grateful and relieved. I’m so engrossed in the sermon that I forget all about the fact that I invited Liam as I devour Father Reilly’s words deep into my soul whilst keeping Yasmin as quiet as possible. She’s the only baby currently staying in the service with all the other parents releasing theirs into the crèche. Mam and dad happily put us all there until we started school but neither mam or dad can bear leaving Yasmin, presumably because they once again don’t want any comments on how different she is or how behind the other babies her development is.

The final song from the choir is so touching and such a beautiful end to an incredible service. It’s been a while since the choir were a regular feature, having been a member for quite a while in my teens myself. Even Yasmin seems to love them, trying to clap along even though it’s a more worshipful song than a fast upbeat one. The service ends and a slow exit begins. As dad predicted a few older ladies clamber towards us with bulletins in their hands asking after mam. Dad parrots off the usual stuff, giving away nothing at all but somehow sounding grateful for their prayers too. Mrs Clements pats the younger boys on the shoulder saying she’s praying for their mam and us all. I’m desperate to ask her to check the charity shop stock for a black man’s suit that might fit Liam, a white 16 inch collar shirt and a black tie, if there’s any, after promising Liam by text earlier, but she moves away before I get a chance.

Then just as I finally get to the last pew with Yasmin in my arms to leave I look over and see Liam, his head up but eyes puffy and red and his cheeks wet with tears. I call Anthony back and hand him Yasmin asking him to tell dad I won’t be long. I don’t even check to see if anyone else is still in the chapel as I instinctively sit down beside the man who already has my heart and put my arm around him. It seems silly but I ask him anyway if he’s ok, though of course it’s obvious he isn’t really. He doesn’t answer me, though he does turn and look at me, his moist eyes shining in a way I can’t quite pinpoint at first. There’s a new light in them, a peace about him, a beauty that goes well beyond my natural attraction to him but which draws me in tightly. I’m so proud of him, so delighted to see him, so overwhelmed with compassion for him as I hear Father Reilly’s voice beside me.

I don’t think Liam is in any state to answer properly so I hope he doesn’t mind me summarising the last week or two of his life for my priest to explain his upset and inability to speak right now. I really don’t want to leave Liam, not now, not ever really, but I can hear Yasmin outside fussing and dad’s voice asking what’s delaying me so when Father Reilly says he’ll stay with Liam I feel I have no choice but to go.

I have trusted Father Reilly with so many of my most personal confessions over the years and I know I can trust him with Liam now too. I just wish, once again, that I didn’t have to choose between my family and the man I love.

*283*2021-10-27 15:09

Chapter 148

Liam

Letting go of Megan’s hand at the end of the service is one of the hardest things I have had to do. I want to ask her so much about what I’ve just heard being talked about this morning, I want to tell her how much it all means to me, I want to feel her beside me.

As if reading my thoughts the priest sits down beside me taking my hands in his large male ones as he asks quietly if it’s ok to pray for me. I nod as I listen to him praying easily and conversationally as if talking to someone right beside him. He prays for several minutes as I sit quietly listening, every second feeling stronger and more able to stand up. I’m then asked if I want to pray but I’m not ready for that yet. After saying Amen the priest shakes my hand strongly introducing himself formally as Father Reilly as he says quietly,

“This isn’t your first visit is it Liam?”

I swallow hard and try to speak. The words get stuck in my dry throat though making me cough so I resort to just shaking my head.

“I am so very sorry to hear about your recent bereavement. Grief is such a powerful emotion and a very hard cross to bear. So many of my families here at St.Mary’s understand that pain so well.”

He slides a hand inside his long robe and pulls out a small book.

“Do you mind if I read you a small passage from the Bible Liam?”

I don’t even try to speak this time as I look in wonder at the small black well worn book in his hands. He reads me a passage from somewhere in the middle, something about Sam and the number 23, or something like that, about a shepherd, green pastures and a table with enemies. It doesn’t make too much sense to me but it still sounds beautiful from the Irish voice of the gentle priest.

I can’t take my eyes of his Bible though as it’s pages remind me so much of my dear precious aunt. Father Reilly must notice as he smiles and beckons me to follow him as we walk out the main church and through the side of the graveyard towards a smaller building built in the sane old stone and brick as the church. He unlocks the old door and guides me in to a small foyer with a table with some beads on a string and a lamp on. He steps through to a cosy living room with a real log fire as a central feature, two sofas, a coffee table, a rug and huge bookshelf’s all along one side. I stand watching as the robed figure steps toward the bookshelf and removes a book handing it to me.

“A gift to you from St. Mary’s young man. All I ask is that you look after it well. Would you like a drink at all?”

I nod trying to take in what appears to be the priest’s home. He leads me down a small hallway to a traditional older style kitchen with an aga cast iron cooker that Lauren would have given her right arm for. I accept a tea as the priest hangs his robes up carefully on a door hook at the other end of the kitchen.

“I only wear those for mass. Kind of a formality really. I try and think of it more like my holy uniform, my chapel clothes if you like. I suppose it’s like my Sunday suit really.”

I lower my head. He’s just mentioned the very thing that was heavy on my mind earlier this morning: my lack of suit for my aunt’s funeral. I sip at my hot tea feeling I don’t belong where I am, I’m out my depth and increasingly starting to need a piss too. Not like I can exactly sit in a priest’s kitchen right after chapel and say, ‘hey mate. Nice service and all that and I appreciate the tea and the holy book and what not but what I really need in life right now ain’t your Jesus or your prayers or your saints but just a few minutes in your bog so I can piss!’ It’s just too…inappropriate really. I stare into my mug holding it with both hands nervously.

“So talking about suits young fellow. Our friend Miss Murphy said you’re going through a really tough time, using the local food bank and worried about money and clothes. Well, if you will let me that is, I might be able to help you. God teaches us about giving in his Word, about helping others, about charity. Here at St. Mary’s we run a number of initiatives to reach the community. We really care about Bangor and God asks us to be his representatives here on earth.

Once we’re finished out tea I would like to take you into out store room, our ‘heart room’ as we name it in our parish. Of course it’s closed to the public today, and more recently we’ve been reaching the needy by referrals similar to the food bank. We work very closely with them too. So many think we’re just an old building with bells and wooden pews but there’s much more to St. Mary’s than that. I won’t keep you much longer but we don’t like people to leave in need. We looked into getting our own charity shop at one point but getting steady volunteers every day combined with an ageing congregation meant we felt we could serve much better this way.”

As the priest talks we both carry on drinking our teas until our mugs are empty and my bladder is full. There’s no obvious toilet around and I feel very awkward asking so I simply follow the priest back through the living area and outside towards an old outbuilding. Inside is like an Aladdin’s cave with clothing folded neatly in boxes marked with ages and sizes and more boxes with everything from toasters to hot water bottles to cleaning things.

“This place is like my baby really. When I came here this was empty but with the generosity of my parishioners and the community we have reached this point. Now what size waist and leg length are you? I reckon a 30 inside leg and what? A 36 waist maybe?”

I nod in amazement as the smartly dressed older man in his late forties or early fifties looks out a smart pair of trousers my exact size with a matching suit jacket, a brand new white shirt still in its wrapping and then he switches the light off, locks the outhouse and returns to the house. I step into the foyer again with the beads on the table as the priest instructs me to wait. I move from food to foot looking around anxiously hoping the man returns very soon so I can get home to piss. I have no idea where he went and it feels rude to wander looking for a bathroom when he finally returns looking slightly flustered himself.

“Black tie. Obviously in this job one has plenty but I knew I had a new one at the back of the wardrobe. I also lifted this. Please take this with our blessing.”

I am handed a strong brown cardboard bag with St. Mary’s chapel printed on it with a drawing of the church. I assume the priest has put the suit and shirt and tie in it as I take it presuming the bag is what he is referring to about taking with his blessing. I’m tired, hungry and really needing to piss after far too much coffee and tea as I shake his hand, thank him and turn to leave.

“She’s a wonderful girl our Megan Murphy you know. Such a heart of gold and very loyal.”

I turn and smile at him, finally finding my voice.

“Amazing girl. And so beautiful too.”

“I hope to see you back at St. Mary’s soon. Our door is always open.”

“Thank you.”

I walk as casually as I can as I make my way out the chapel grounds and walk up the same road I once walked with Megan a few weeks ago, ironically when I also really had to pee too. If only the cafe she took me to was open this afternoon. Alas Sundays in Bangor mean most places are closed as I start running quickly trying to make it home before I accidentally wet the only clean jeans I have today, the very ones I also need for work tomorrow too.

*284*2021-10-28 08:30

Chapter 149

Megan

Walking home in the lunchtime sun dad is quiet again. Theresa comments that it was a lovely service and Anthony nods in agreement. I just can’t stop thinking about Liam and if he’s ok. Back in the house I suggest the boys play in the garden for a bit while I make lunch. Surprisingly dad offers to help as Theresa goes upstairs for a bit. I automatically go to put Yasmin in her high chair when dad opens his arms to take her. I hand him his daughter then butter some bread to make sandwiches.

“I thought I’d make dinner later when you come back from seeing mam this afternoon? That ok?”

Dad watches me, at first saying nothing and just nodding his head. I offer him a coffee while I finish making the sandwiches and put a plate of crisps on the table and another plate of chocolate biscuits. Dad carefully sips his drink whilst ensuring his baby daughter’s hands stay out of reach as he hands her a rich tea biscuit to snack on. I can see the boys kicking a ball to each other on the slabbed back garden as they make the most of the spring sunshine. It hardly seems any time since they were splashing in a paddling pool or hunting for Easter Eggs or playing in the now broken little plastic toy house. I’m just slicing the sandwiches when dad speaks.

“Meg, listen, about yesterday….I’m really sorry for what I said to you. I was upset and angry and stressed but that doesn’t give me any right to take that out on you. Will you forgive me?”

I drop the knife onto the table, stepping towards my dad and putting my arm around his neck as he kisses my arm affectionately.

“Of course I will dad. That’s what family does. And I should have asked before assuming it was ok to visit mam. You know, I honestly didn’t intend for what happened. I still don’t know what I did to upset her, and that’s the truth.”

Yasmin puts her hand on her dad’s face sticking her little fingers into his mouth just like I recall seeing her do earlier in the week with Liam one day. Dad gently puts her fingers out as he whispers as if not wanting Yasmin to hear.

“One of the nurses mentioned she was screaming the name you know who…” he nods towards Yasmin on his knee. “Did you say anything to mam about her?”

“Yeah. I told her that she was doing great and how she’d began to even pull herself up to stand in the last few days and been crawling around after a ball with her brothers.”

“Oh.”

“Was I not meant to say that?”

“No love. You weren’t to know. Your mam always felt like she’d failed you, what with getting so ill when you were born and that. The older kids did so much for you when you were a baby, and your man’s sister Beatrice helped loads too. Everyone thought they were helping see. But when your mam was ill that’s not how she saw it. She saw it that she was such a failure that everyone could raise you better than she could. So when the boys came along your aunt Beatrice moved away feeling quite put out that after all her help with you and your older siblings that your mam wanted no help at all with the boys. I think losing a baby before Anthony made her want to prove to herself she was a good mam even more. But we didn’t plan on a 9th baby.

Rory was meant to be the end. 4 of each you see. Your mam is older now and this one here…well what do we do? She needs so much more time, so much more care and it’s a commitment that I think is just too much for your mam. She’s known since Yasmin was born that we might have to do something. We spoke to Father Reilly when she was just two months old. He told us she was a gift from God and not to rush into anything.

He did make enquiries but your mam just didn’t know what to do. I might be wrong, but I think hearing that she’s making progress, doing stuff other babies do and that, it’s making it so much harder to let go. Shaun and myself could see this you see so we told the others to talk to mam about anything but just don’t mention you know who.. I knew you wouldn’t agree with that because you adore this one so much, and rightly so. So do I , but I pulled back from her and haven’t been the dad she really needs because…because I know if your mam decides it’s all too much I will not be able to let go. I love your mam so much Megan. I need her here where she belongs.”

I step back from my dad as he wipes a tear from his eye as Yasmin starts getting restless with hunger and tiredness. I take her from her dad and strap her in her high chair with a sandwich and some soft cheesy crisps and her bottle of milk. I don’t know what else to say to my dad as I hug him as he stays seated, whisper sorry to him, kiss his cheek, then open the back door to call the boys in for lunch. Theresa must hear me call as she joins us at the table for lunch. I still can’t stop thinking of Liam as Anthony looks right in front of him to the rota on the noticeboard with the visiting schedule.

“Dad, could I maybe come with you to see mam today. I really miss her.”

Dad looks at Theresa who shrugs just like she did the previous time he asked, but this time I nod and reply when dad looks at me.

“I think he’s old enough and mature enough. I think mam would love to see him don’t you dad?”

Dad smiles.

“She wasn’t very good yesterday Ant. Had a bad day. We all have them, don’t we? Hopefully she’s brighter today though. She might be sleeping mind but as long as you behave then I don’t see why not.”

I smile at my dad delighted at his response. Mam did an amazing job raising our Anthony. For just 12 he’s growing into a mature and handsome young man quickly and I’m sure mam will be thrilled to see his smiling face and hear his voice, even if she’s still sedated.

“Can I play with your meccano while you’re out Ant? Please?”

“Sure.” He winks at his younger brother.

“You know you might get some of your own for your birthday in a few days.”

“Oh that would be brilliant! We could both make go carts and see which one is best! Can I go upstairs now please dad? I want to make a start.”

“Of course. Don’t lose any pieces mind ok?”

“Ok dad!”

*285*2021-10-28 14:51

Chapter 150

Liam

My legs and heart are in competition with each other as I wonder what’s actually racing faster as I swing the paper bag of goods in my arm, sprinting manically towards my flat and a toilet at last. The sweat is pouring out of me as the sun shines brightly and the warmth of a fresh spring day beats down on me. I have to make it. I have to.

Holding my breath, as if it somehow helps, I charge down Victoria street focussed on nothing but my own front door. Adrenaline pumping through my muscles and carrying me along, my head spinning, my teeth clenched, as every single second matters greatly. Climbing my own front stairs I splutter and pant as I shake my left leg frantically while I dig in my right side pocket for my key. I press against my penis with my fingers as I pull it out muttering to myself in desperation as I put the key in the lock and turn it.

“Gotta piss! Gotta piss! Come on Liam, you can make it!”

I let the door close itself with no time to check if it even closed fully as my steps quicken as I drop the bag from the priest in the hall and almost fall into the bathroom. I pull at the button on my jeans, almost ripping them, as I then hurriedly unzip and try to get my dick out before I explode. I fumble with the small intricate fiddly buttons on my underwear, almost crying because I have to pee so much. Unable to stand still I give up as a tiny leak appears on the material and I gasp as I urgently pull my penis out the leg hole, aim haphazardly towards the toilet, and let go.

The feeling of release is incredible, like floating in air, as the weight of the world lifts off my shoulders and I feel suddenly free and calm.

“Wow! Finally!”

I allow my body all the time it needs to free itself from the tension caused by my overfull bladder. It comes in waves of fast outpouring, then shorter quicker spurts, then a longer continuous flow again as every organ in my body breathes a sigh of relief that I made it on time. It feel good, incredibly good, as the last of my urine dribbles out as I shake and wipe.

That feels so much better. I actually made it!

After washing my hands I return to close the front door properly then pick up the bag I dropped and take it into the kitchen and place it on the table. I make myself some simple tinned tomatoes on toast with a cup of coffee then move into the living room to explore the bag more. At the very top is a black suit jacket which I slide my arms in then pull it onto my shoulders and fasten the buttons. It feels good, perfect even, almost like it was made for me.

I slide it back off as my eyes catch the label: Dolce and Gabbana! Wow! Even Lauren Bennet would approve for once! Admiring the jacket a bit more I hang it neatly over the back of the armchair while I take out the next item; a brand new still in its packet white shirt. I open it carefully, not recognising the logo this time at all, as I take the pins and packaging all off and remove my own shirt to try it on. It’s crisp and firm feeling, but once again fits perfectly and sits well on my shoulders and neck. I pull the jacket back on feeling like a whole new man, though my jeans ruin the style rather a lot!

I undo and step out my jeans as I nervously pull out the next piece of clothing the priest gave me: a pair of black trousers. I step into them carefully and pull them up, finding them neat at my ankles but just right at the waist. I slide my feet into my old trainers and see that the ankles are fine with footwear on as I feel myself getting a little emotional again as I fish out the black tie and fasten it neatly, taking me right back to my years at high school in an instant. I long to see myself properly, the way others would, as I try and think wether I have a big enough mirror. I then have an idea.

Propping my phone up on the windowsill I put it onto video and then timer and video myself from different angles to see how I look. Watching it back I gasp at how smart and professional I look and at the miracle of finally having something perfectly fitting to wear to honour my wonderful aunt. I slowly remove the clothes, being carefully to keep all three items neat and clean, as I excitedly send Megan a message via Facebook to show her. It’s the first either of us have contacted each other since chapel and I’m desperate to tell her all about the priest’s house, the ‘heart room’ full of amazing things and the generosity of Father Reilly.

It’s only as I refold the clothing to return it to the bag to carry to my room that I notice an envelope in the bottom of the bag under the little Bible the priest gave me too. Thinking it might just be a card with the chapel details on or something I open it to see. At first it seems I was right as a card with a black and white picture of St. Mary’s chapel, Bangor faces me as I let my thumb touch the very place at the side of the building where not only did Megan find me once after a panic attack but I also saw her the day of her brother’s first communion when she was pacing up and down with her sister in the buggy whilst obviously bursting to pee. The card feels bulky as I open it and stare at what’s inside.

Shocked, amazed and in awe I phone Megan and catch her just as she’s walking to work.

“I have to tell you something Megan. It’s amazing. I still can’t believe it. After chapel Father Reilly took me into his house. He gave me a Bible. Then he took me to that outhouse place he calls the heart room. He somehow miraculously knew my clothes size and..well you saw the pictures I sent of the clothes he gave me. I’m almost crying I’m so taken aback Meg! Why did he do that? Oh and that’s not all! There’s a card in the bag too. From St.Mary’s. I can barely hold it together to say this but…Megan there’s £200 cash in it with a note in the card saying ‘for the trip to England and back for the funeral.’ Megan what should I do?”

“Emmm I would buy tickets to get to England if I was you….”

There’s a pause as her voice touches me in the way it always has from the very first word she ever said to me right back in the launderette. I’m trying to think of how to reply when her voice returns, quieter, gentler, softer…

“God works in mysterious ways Liam. He’s looking after you.”

“You know that’s exactly the sort of thing aunt Ella would have said….Megan…will you come with me to England please…”

“Oh. I don’t know. I want to. I’d love to in fact but I promised Rory a birthday party on Saturday, and I have Yasmin to look after and my work too. . I can’t let everyone down Liam. I can’t just up and leave even if I really wanted to. I want to come though, so much. I just don’t see how it’s possible.”

“I understand. It was just a thought.”

“Liam, if I could I would. I just wish there was a way. I’ve just arrived at the McGintley’s but I’ll text or call later. And Liam…I am so thrilled about the suit. I love you. Speak soon!”

Her voice stays with me even after she rings off as I find myself talking out loud just like the priest did in the chapel earlier beside me.

“God please make a way. You know how much I want this.”

*286*2021-10-29 09:40

Chapter 151

Megan.

Dad offers to drop me off at work on the way to hospital to see mam but it’s such a beautiful day I am happy to walk. I kiss Yasmin goodbye and shout up to Rory as I check with Theresa that she has everything she needs for the baby. Dad drives off with Anthony sitting in the front beside him and I grab my clutch bag for my phone and purse and head away. I’m just thinking to myself of where to take Chelsea on such a beautiful afternoon and what we have in to make for dinner later when I get home when my mobile rings. It’s Liam. He’s already sent me pictures and videos of his new suit and I am dying to tell him how attractive, sexy even, he looks in it. His entire physique seems to change in the tailored material making him look happier, healthier and even more handsome than ever. I can’t resist saving the pics to my phone to look at again later.

But there’s more! I knew about the heart room at the parochial house, having helped out there many times, and I know St. Mary’s helps widely in the community so hearing of Father Reilly giving clothes to my boyfriend doesn’t shock me much…but the money? I’m very aware that there are emergency funds, charity giving and so on but two hundred pounds to someone Father Reilly has only just met? That’s unheard of in all my years of chapel going! I’m every bit in awe and shock as Liam is, almost in tears, as I turn into the McGintley’s street.

I’ve always accepted Liam isn’t Catholic. It’s not even something I think about much either, though admittedly it was amazing to see him in chapel earlier, so to hear him mention he was given a Bible today sends my heart turning. Having him believe wouldn’t in any way make me love him more, in fact I’m not sure that would even be possible, but it would bring an added connection, a greater compatibility, maybe even an acceptance from my family. I don’t want to push him or force my religion and beliefs onto him but I can’t shake this powerful sense that God’s hand is on him right now.

“God works in mysterious ways. He’s looking after you Liam”, I say hoping he’s ok with that.

I had no idea that was something his aunt used to say. I really wish I had got to meet her.

I know he’s got to go back to England next weekend but I’ve been trying so hard not to think about it. I’m not ready for him to go. The idea of days, possibly even a week or more without him here in Bangor breaks me. Plus I am worried about him going on his own. It’s not just the funeral but from seeing what dad had to do when his brother died a few years ago I have some idea about the huge amount of sorting, organising and clearing that comes with putting someone’s affairs in order when they pass away.

Liam hasn’t mentioned his aunt’s house, or anything else she owns, or what he plans to do. I am concerned it might all be too much but deep down I have another hidden concern that weighs on me like a noose around my neck: what if Liam doesn’t come back? What if returning to England brings back too many memories, has too many ties, is just easier all round, than coming back to Bangor? I love Bangor but even I confess it’s appeal is limited, it’s career prospects restricted, it’s weather grim at times.

Of course it had occurred to me to go with him. I would do anything to make that possible but with mam already in hospital it’s hard enough juggling the care of the boys and Yasmin, let alone the fact I can’t let the McGintley’s down either. The funeral is a week on Monday too and I’ve promised Rory a party on Saturday. It just doesn’t seem possible, even besides the practicalities of cost of the tickets, where I would stay and what I would eat. It’s just how to tell Liam that in less than a minute as each step gets me closer to Chelsea’s house, without leaving him upset.

Thankfully he seems ok as I ring off and chap the letterbox of the McGintley’s. Mr McGintley answers inviting me in. I notice Chelsea isn’t ready waiting as he beckons me into their living room and invites me to sit down. I’m nervous and anxious wondering if he’s found out about me picking up Liam in the van to get his daughter from school, or inviting him along to the cinema on Friday? Whilst Chelsea herself couldn’t say perhaps someone saw and news got back to him? I can’t bring myself to look him in the eye as I finally see Chelsea sitting in the kitchen in her wheelchair at the table.

“I’m sorry Chelsea isn’t ready Megan. Liz isn’t feeling well. She’s been in bed all day. I know you’ve been taking Chelsea out places and having fun but I jut wanted to talk to you before you start work today. There’s a couple of things I need to mention to you and I don’t think Liz has said yet. Has she mentioned about Thursday?”

I look up confused. “Was I meant to have Chelsea on Thursday? I’m sorry. Liz didn’t say. I was sure it was Tuesday and Friday last week. Please feel free to text me if that happens again. I hate to think of Chelsea thinking I didn’t come. Liz never even said too.”

Mr McGintley places his palm towards me like a policeman stopping traffic as he smiles.

“No. No. Not last Thursday. This Thursday coming. My wife has a hospital appointment. She has tried to reschedule for earlier in the day but unfortunately the consultant isn’t available until the afternoon. Regrettably it’s at 4pm so that’s leaving us with a bit of a problem you see. I have a meeting I can’t get out of that afternoon but we are struggling to find someone able to have Chelsea after school. I know we have already asked so much of you, and of course we will always pay you for your time. A good friend of ours has agreed to take Liz to the hospital but that doesn’t help us with Chelsea.”

I feel awful. I glance through to Chelsea sitting alone in the kitchen. None of this is her fault and I hate letting her down but Thursday is Rory’s birthday and I’ve already promised him he can have his friends around after school. I look up at Mr McGintley unsure what to say without feeling like I’m kicking him in the teeth.

“Thursday is my little brother’s birthday.”

“Please please don’t worry. It’s our responsibility, our problem. We just thought we’d ask you first.”

I don’t know why I say it, and I haven’t even thought of the practicalities or feasibility of it in any way, but before I can even stop myself the words are out.

“Well, maybe I could still help, that’s if you don’t object to Chelsea being at my house? She could come along and join in the fun with the kids? It’s just two of Rory’s friend’s coming around for a couple of hours after school. No loud music or flashing lights or anything, just two of his friends having snacks and seeing what Rory gets for his birthday and singing happy birthday. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind Chelsea joining in if you don’t? Would the bus be able to drop her at mine’s or would I be better picking her up?”

Mr McGintley looks at me relieved, his eyes watery and his face smiling.

“I think Chelsea would love that. No-one thinks to invite her to things like that you know. It’s one of the hardest things I struggle with with her being so far away for school. She never sees friends, never gets invited to parties. She’s not ever around kids her age. How old will your brother be?”

“He’s turning 10.”

“Oh goodness. Just months older than Chelsea really. What does he like? Football, video games, wresting?”

“Lego, nerf guns and video games mostly really.”

“Sounds fun. I’ll speak to Liz and see what she thinks about the bus or you getting her. The other thing is that we are going away next weekend for a couple of weeks. I have the Easter holidays off and we are heading over to Scotland to visit family. We’ll still pay you and I’ll give you the three weeks money next Saturday if that’s ok? We go away every Easter usually and a couple of weeks in summer too. Liz thought with your brothers off school you’d probably be glad to have a break too. I better go get Chelsea ready now or she’ll be yelling at me. There’s only so long The Greatest Showman on my iPad will entertain her for. She loves that film!”

I stand up and follow him towards their big kitchen and my friend Chelsea. Looking at her in her wheelchair I suddenly wonder how I’ll ever get her into my house, and that’s before I even tell dad what I’ve agreed to. I hope everything is going ok at the hospital today because I need dad in a good mood tonight when I tell him. The last thing I need is being shouted at again!

*287*2021-10-29 18:39

Chapter 152

Liam

I hang the suit and shirt up in my wardrobe staring at them in disbelief. I’ve never been a particularly lucky type of person and especially not the sort that has things like this happen to them. Yet since arriving in Northern Ireland it’s definitely like someone or something is looking out for me. From finding a flat whist sitting in a stolen car in a car park near Liverpool, to finding enough cash in the vehicle to not only pay the deposit but my ferry fare and taxi to Bangor too, getting a job.

I didn’t apply for just by complimenting a stranger, then getting made full time within weeks, meeting Megan like I did, and now finding myself at a Catholic chapel where I get given a suit I could never afford and money to enable me to get back to England to pay my respects to a woman who looked after me and loved me unconditionally from when I was just 14 years old. Things like that happen to other people, not Liam Jude. What was it Megan said when she first heard my surname? Patron saint of desperate situations? I wonder if he’s in that Bible anywhere. I might go and see.

I walk back to my small living room and sit down with the Bible. Flicking through it I pause and glance at pages with unpronounceable and strange names. Some bits have numbers too and it just feels so alien and confusing. I’m not sure where to begin as I try looking for the Sam bit I remember Father Reilly reading earlier. I have no idea where to start so I google ‘Sam 23 Bible’ on my phone quickly realising that I am not even spelling it right! Hoping to find a page number I realise quickly that there’s lots of different versions of the Bible and I eventually find the contents page and find it that way. Reading it aloud there’s parts that still don’t make sense but somehow the words still seem to bring me a sense of comfort and peace. I close the Bible, putting it down carefully on my coffee take and allow my eyes to close as I drift into a nap easily.

I wake to my mobile ringing and Megan telling me about the McGintley’s. I have to ask her to slow down as words pour out of her so fast I am struggling to take them in. Something about Chelsea coming to her house and panicking about the stairs and another thing about a holiday. Slowly I manage to piece it all together as she starts off with Thursday. Apparently she’s somehow told the McGintley’s she will have Chelsea after school but she’s also got Rory’s two friends coming with it being his birthday, and she’s got Yasmin.

I personally think she’s taken on too much but that’s Megan Murphy all over: she’d do anything for anyone to help them. It’s one of the many many things I adore about her even if it does put her in impossible situations at times. I finally manage to get a word in as I ask why she will have Chelsea at her own house and not her own and she informs me about her mum having a hospital appointment. I ask if her older sister will at least be able to help and she finally says she’s hoping so but with Chelsea and Yasmin plus Anthony, Rory and his two friends it’ll be a full on 2 hours.

I can hear her walking as I hear cars passing and the odd dog barking or children playing as she goes on to say about how she has two weeks off work soon too. Immediately I think about my trip to England going through dates in my head and trying to listen to Megan whist simultaneously trying to work out if her time off fits in with my aunt’s funeral. I think it does but not having work is only one barrier preventing her coming with me. She’s so needed at home and even I am not that selfish to take her away from Yasmin or her younger brothers.

She ends the conversation quite abruptly saying she’s just arriving home and adding laughing,

“Thanks for chatting with me. I ended up staying with Chelsea at hers and we did water play in the garden. What with Mr McGintley giving me a mug of tea too I’ve been needing a wee for ages but chatting to you helped me not to have to think about it. Catch up soon. Love you. Better go now bye.”

I press to hang up and put my phone on top of the Bible feeling my erection building instantly. What with everything that’s gone on today I haven’t cum yet and just the thought of my Megan ‘needing a wee for ages’ is enough to make me need her so badly as I unzip my jeans allowing my anatomy room to be exposed and expand. What if someone happens to be in the bathroom of her busy home when she gets inside? What if Yasmin or one of her brothers need her? Just thinking of that beautiful sexy girl squirming in desperation is more than enough to send me to heaven as I stroke my penis gently and close my eyes thinking of her.

*288*2021-10-30 08:14

Chapter 153

Megan

I get home to find dad and Anthony have got back from seeing mam, Rory has built an amazing go cart out of his brother’s meccano and Yasmin is napping. I head upstairs right away, now desperate to use the bathroom, but annoyingly I find Theresa is having a bath. I pop in to see Rory as he shows off his go cart in his room as he starts telling me how he thought it all up and how he got certain parts to move. I try my utmost to stand still but it’s impossible as I lean over the desk Rory is sitting at looking at his go cart just as I notice that he’s sitting perched right at the edge of the chair.

“Can you see ok Rory?”

He turns to look at me as I step from foot to foot praying my sister gets out the bathroom immediately so I can pee.

“Yes. Why?”

“Just the way you’re sitting made me wonder. It’s been a while since you had your eyes tested and it looks like you’re straining to see the small pieces.”

He shuffles on the seat looking uncomfortable before putting the model on the desk gently and wriggling again.

“I just really need to pee that’s all. I got so caught up with building I didn’t want to leave. I’d better go now because I’m bursting!”

“Me too! I think Theresa’s in though. I’m sure she’ll hurry up though if she knows you are waiting. Why don’t you knock and tell her.”

“Oh.”

He wriggles more and bounces his leg as I continue stepping foot to foot, my stomach feeling bloated and heavy. Suddenly he jumps up from the metal seat running straight to the bathroom as he uses his palm to knock the bathroom door.

“Can whoever is in hurry up.” He pauses, twisting his legs around, before adding politely, “please.”

Theresa shouts out that she’s just getting dried as my youngest brother runs back to sit back on the chair in the room he shares with his older brother as he swings his legs and squirms. I know how he feels as I cross my legs and lean against the open door.

“So have your friend’s parent’s agreed to them coming both Thursday and Saturday? Just so I make sure everything is organised. I can’t believe this is your last ever Sunday being 9 Rory. I was wondering, remember Chelsea who I look after? How would you feel if she was here on Thursday too? Would you be ok with that?”

My poor brother is wriggling for all he’s worth very clearly absolutely bursting for the loo as he tries his best to answer my questions whilst not losing concentration on keeping his pee in.

“Callum goes to his dad’s on a Saturday but he said his dad will bring him and his mam will come get him at 5:30 on Thursday. Oscar just stays local and his gran does too so his gran will walk him here on Thursday after school then come back for him but it might be his mam bringing him on Saturday or his gran. He doesn’t know yet but he’s definitely coming too. Oh I really really NEED to pee so much!”

“I’m sure Theresa will be out soon. So what about Chelsea? Would you be ok with her being here Thursday? She’s never been to a birthday party since she was a baby!”

“Why?”

I moan as an urgent wave hits me hard as I twist and squirm standing in front of my brother.

“Well her school is ages away, as you know. Plus she doesn’t see many other kids. I don’t think many children think to invite disabled children to their parties sadly. I think I’ll see if Theresa is almost out eh? I don’t know about you but I’m nearly having an accident here.”

“Same”

I walk to the bathroom seeing my brother leaning forward clutching between his legs on the chair.

“You almost done there Theresa? Poor Rory is bursting out here!”

Just then she unlocks and opens the door standing facing me wrapped in nothing but a towel as I see the toilet behind her and long to use it so much. Instead I turn to face my little brother, who is almost crying trying to hold his bladder back, as he sees his sister walk into her room and he races to the open bathroom like he’s the road racer! I pull the door closed to give him privacy as I step into mam and dad’s room to check on Yasmin. In their darkened room seeing her napping, as I hold myself longing for access to the only bathroom in the Murphy house, I think back to the day just weeks ago when I was every bit as desperate and ended up peeing on a spare cot mattress protector and hiding it under Yasmin’s cot. As I moan quietly and pee dance hoping not to wake my sister I remember how my wet things went missing and how dad later confessed to me that he had been writing mam notes to try and cheer her up and how he thought my wet knickers were mam’s.

I slip a hand inside my knickers stroking my shaking vagina as I try everything to keep myself from having another accident. It feels so incredible touching my own body and feeling it respond as the tingling intensifies and my nipples enlarge and get increasingly sensitive. Oh how I really need to pee but it feels so amazing to explore my body when it’s so tense and heightened and sensitive. I start to feel a little light headed as I sit on the edge of my parents’s bed with one hand down my midi skirt and underwear as I twirl my enlarged clitoris and explore my very warm wet throbbing vagina.

My legs tense as I rock back and forth on the edge of the double bed, my fingers stroking my swollen sensitive vaginal lips and sliding effortlessly inside my body, my urethra pulsating against the palm of my hand as my mouth opens and closes and my jaw tenses. I can’t stop as the rocking and gyrating becomes more intensive, the throbbing faster, my need overpowering. I gasp as my fingers squelch in my own copious warm liquid as I wriggle my legs back and forth rhythmically rubbing my hard clitoris against my own palm, my two first fingers sliding in and out my body making me shake and crave more.

I moan softly as I can’t stop what I am doing, my heart and body united as one as I hold back one urgent physical need while almost reaching climax in another. I hear my younger brother flush the toilet and turning the taps on to presumably wash his hands as my mind pictures Liam in place of Rory and imagines him getting so involved in a task that he inadvertently ends up absolutely bursting to pee only to find the only bathroom isn’t free. The image in my mind of him sitting on the edge of the seat, confessing he’s desperate, then imagining his facial expression when I say someone is in the loo and seeing him squirm at the door just like my brother did sends my hormones raging as I orgasm to a final image of him swinging his legs on the chair with both hands on his crotch. I don’t even realise I’m moaning quietly as my forehead sweats and my arms go tense as my rocking becomes so rigid as I climax quickly but amazingly as I suddenly feel so satisfied, ecstatic and complete.

Rory passes the door as he pauses to call me, probably wondering where I am.

“That’s the bathroom free Megan.”

My mouth is dry, my face red and hot as I do my best to sound as calm as before while my heart beats rapidly.

“Thanks”

I lie back on the bed allowing my body to calm down and my need to pee to return as I realise I haven’t even thought about dinner let alone prepared anything. I close my eyes thinking about dinner, about all the stuff I need to do for Rory’s birthday, the amazing service at chapel earlier and Liam and his new suit. As I start thinking more about how I could possibly get Chelsea inside the house on Thursday I feel my legs moving from side to side and my stomach ache as suddenly my need to wee is returning with even more urgency than before. I sit up and rush to the bathroom already feeling dribbles in my pants.

*290*2021-10-30 14:31

Chapter 154

Liam

I don’t hear back from Megan until late Sunday night when she texts me a simple ‘love you. Sleep well and hope work goes well tomorrow. Xx’ which I get just as I’m making myself food for work and putting it in the fridge before heading to bed. I pick up the little black Bible and find the bit that Father Reilly read to me earlier, rereading it just before I sleep and marking it with a receipt I find so I can ask Andrew Watt if it can possibly be read out at my aunt’s funeral. I wish I could recall the name of the song that she always sang too but I decide to ask Megan tomorrow and try to sleep.

Miraculously I wake from a full nights undisturbed sleep for once as I shower, use the toilet, eat breakfast and head to work on another glorious day. I arrive at the council headquarters to find I’m paired up with Aidan and we are sent down to the seafront after a lovely weekend. Wearing a high visibility council jacket on top of my t-shirt and jeans I am melting in the heat as I have my water bottle finished before 11am. The beach is covered with litter after a presumably busy weekend of tourists and locals making the most of the start of spring.

Aidan is in a great mood, spurred on, I soon find out, by the fact he was paid on Friday and finally received the promised bonus for referring me. I’m pleased for him as we sit on a bench looking out at the sea while I eat my food from home and he has a take away sandwich from the bakers nearby. Word clearly hasn’t got to him as to why I was off work last week as he casually asks me if I enjoyed my week off. I bow my head instinctively as I say quietly that it was bereavement leave and not a holiday as I tell him I’ll be off again next week as I have to return to England for a funeral and to sort out a close relative’s affairs. He apologies and says nothing more as I excuse myself to buy more water from the shop nearby and we then get back to work.

Shortly after I feel my phone vibrate in my jeans pocket as I check to see Aidan isn’t watching as I go to answer it. Its just Andrew Watt doing a final check on the order of service for next Monday and asking if I have a photo of my aunt to use on the cover. I tell him I’m at work but quickly ask if it’s possible to have the Psalm read out that Father Reilly read and he tells me someone from my aunt’s church is already reading it.

I smile feeling such a warmth inside me as I then ask about the hymn, though I can’t recall it’s name. Andrew patiently asks if I know any of the words but the only bit I suddenly recall is ‘I once was lost but now am found.’. Instantly he tells me that it’s Amazing Grace by John Newton and once again Mabel already knew it was my aunt’s favourite and it’s already on the order of service. He reads out the order of events and I approve it telling him I’ll email or text a photo as soon as I finish my shift. I quickly put my phone back in my pocket and return to work before Aidan catches me. We’re not allowed to take personal calls in work time and Aidan is a stickler for the rules.

We meet up mid afternoon as we both put more full bin bags in the required place to be picked up by the van as I take the brief opportunity to finish my second drink, wishing I was wearing shorts instead of my thick jeans and commenting to Aidan that the high visibility coat is far too hot in this lovely weather. He tells me that we switch to waistcoats after Easter which pleases me immensely. The beach is busy and we both watch as a group of nursery children search for shells with their teachers as Aidan suggests we go along the pavement before heading back towards the headquarters. I nod as we walk slowly along by the high wall picking up any litter we see and then putting my half empty bag inside Aidan’s as we walk back to where we left the other bags then stroll up towards the council building.

I can’t help thinking of Megan as we walk towards the high street as I really hope we won’t have to wait long by the fountain for the van to drop the others back and register they have seen us before we can go our separate ways. I’m sweating, tired and hungry but more than anything else I really need a piss having not had a chance to go since before I left for work this morning almost 9 hours ago!

If only I was going home to my beloved Megan. Besides the fact it would make my day to see her I’m one hundred percent certain it would equally make her day to see me, especially in my current state.

*291*2021-10-31 10:21

Chapter 155

Megan

Dashing to the bathroom finally I’m honestly shocked at how long I pee for, my stream strong and loud as it splashes into the water below. My lower stomach cramps as my exhausted bladder finally gets the relief it’s been craving for ages. I reach for some toilet roll to wipe myself feeling the paper glide over my body and fill heavily with what I presume is mucus and drops of urine. I peek down to check seeing the paper in my hand soaked in blood. I’ve been so busy with everything I’d completely forgotten my period was due. I clean myself up, get a sanitary towel from the cabinet and then wash my hands and head downstairs to start dinner.

I have to do a double take as I walk past the living room as dad once again has Yasmin on his knee singing to her. I smile and continue on to the kitchen opening the fridge and freezer for inspiration for tea. Dad must have heard me as he suddenly appears in the doorway holding Yasmin.

“How was work?”

“Yeah it was good thanks. Chelsea, the girl I look after, is lovely. Same age as our Rory. I just stayed at hers and played in the garden with her today seeing as it’s such a lovely day. How was mam?”

I open a cupboard and pull out a casserole dish as I pull out some chicken from the fridge and cut it up. Placing it into the casserole dish with a jar of curry sauce I listen to my father as I smile in delight at what he’s telling me.

“Oh Megan what a difference from yesterday! I could barely believe it was the same person! She was absolutely thrilled to see Ant. He’d got me to stop at the hospital shop and he chose mam a small pad and pen, a puzzle book and a novel. When she saw Ant with me she sat upright in bed telling the nurses that he was her son and then making him give her a hug. After she’d asking him all about school Ant started telling her about Rory and how you’d said he could have friends around on his birthday and again on Saturday for a party.

I was terrified that might set her off but it had the opposite effect! She used the pad and pen to list some ideas to buy presents for Rory, then on another page all the things you could make for snacks and then on another games for Saturday. I hardly got a word in as she beamed at me feeling she was part of something again only getting low when it dawned on her she probably wouldn’t be home for any of it. Ant turned that around too though asking if she had her phone, which she did as I’d taken it up for her, so he showed her how to FaceTime and he said he’d see if Theresa would let Rory use her iPad so your mam can FaceTime him on his birthday and on Saturday.”

“Oh dad that sounds amazing! I’m sure Theresa will help with that.”

“You know she even made lists for me. I got a bit of a bum kicking but you know what, I loved it! That’s the Mary Catalina that I fell in love with.”

He hands me two small pieces of paper from his smart trouser’s pockets. I unfold them and read them. The first, written in my mam’s neat handwriting reads:

Make sure Megan has enough money for food every week

Get Megan to open and deal with mail (give her money for bills when needed)

Remember the kids homework

Get everyone to help with the housework

Don’t forget bin day on Tuesdays!

I smile at how often mam wrote my name knowing how her and I have struggled for so long. I chuckle at the thought of dad helping with homework too, but then mam didn’t exactly help either always sending us to older siblings instead. I put the list under the other one and begin reading that one too. This one has a title:

Rory’s birthday

Give Megan or Theresa money and get them to get Rory a gift from mam and dad. Make sure they wrap and label it too. See list I gave Ant for ideas

Give one of the older kids money to get Rory a birthday cake. Don’t forget candles in the kitchen drawer and matches hidden on top of the kitchen cupboard.

Buy a birthday card with a badge. He’ll want a badge to wear to school.

Buy a banner and tape to the front door before he gets home from school.

Don’t forget balloons!

Make his favourite tea: pizza.

I look up at dad who has put his youngest daughter in her high chair and handed her a toy. He smiles at me then puts his hand in his suit jacket pocket and pulls out his wallet.

“So I guess I had better do as she says eh! So…money for food…is £200 enough for now? And then all that birthday stuff? Say, another hundred? You can just give me back what you don’t need or keep it for the bills. I already gave Theresa what she spent on food. I just wasn’t thinking. Your mam just keep me right you see. I’m lost without her. Born organiser that woman. You ok with that birthday list? Seems a bit much to me but you know what your mam’s like.”

“I kinda feel bad now. I hadn’t even thought about a banner or balloons. Talking about Thursday dad I have a big favour to ask. Could you pass me the pan from the rack please. Thanks’

Dad passes me the pot as I measure out rice for the curry as he looks at me inquisitively.

“Go on”

“You know I look after a disabled girl, Chelsea McGintley? Well on Thursday her mam has a hospital appointment and her dad has a meeting he can’t get out of for work and they’re really stuck for someone to watch Chelsea for a few hours until her mam gets home.”

“So you’re saying you won’t be here for Rory are you? After saying his friends can come too.”

“Actually I was thinking of bringing Chelsea here. The boys and Yasmin have already met her. Remember I took them last week to pick her up from school? It’s just a couple of hours, maybe not even that. She’s no trouble, honestly. She can’t talk or anything but she’s so lovely. Her mam’s going to see if the school bus will drop her here but otherwise I’d need to get her. I might see if they’ll let me get her early so I’m here for Rory after school. It’s just this once, honest dad.”

“It sounds like you’ve got it all planned already.”

I look at him trying to read his face. He smiles and winks at me.

“You’re more like your mam than you realise .Megan. Ok. As long as it’s just this once. Just a few hours. I think you should tell Rory though, seeing as it’s his birthday. So, I’ll leave that birthday list with you and I can cross off most of my list too. Curry tonight? Mmm. Let me know when it’s ready. I don’t want to miss that!”

I finish making dinner opting for something less spicy for Yasmin and making her some macaroni cheese which she loves. After dinner I check the boys school bags and get uniforms organised then run myself a bath and get an early night, texting Liam just before I go to sleep.

Monday I’m bleeding heavy and tired so I stay home with Yasmin other than a trip to Tesco to do a big shop. It tires both of us out even with getting a taxi home and by the time I’ve put it all away and made lunch we’re both in need of a nap. I wake in plenty time for the boys coming home and manage to do some basic tidying and reserve a few things at Argos for Thursday. Aisling calls to say mam was bright and chatty when she went to see her making lists of things for her that she’ll need for the baby. Dad has the night off visiting as Shaun and Lilly pop up and I’m grateful to not be working as I head to bed earlier wondering how Liam got on at his first day back at work.

*292*2021-10-31 22:01

Chapter 156

Liam

Tuesday and Wednesday go pretty quickly what with being back at work full time. It feels just like being back in England getting up at the same time every day and coming home at the same time. Gareth texts on Wednesday morning and I reply in my break. He’s booked a hotel in Chester and will definitely be there on Monday. He asks when I’m arriving in England and if I’m flying or coming on the ferry. I reply ‘probably ferry’ and he’s shocked I haven’t got the tickets yet. He’s arriving on Sunday morning so if I’m arriving later than that and need picked up anywhere he very kindly offers to help. I feel blessed to have such a great mate and promise him I’ll book the ferry that night.

Megan is really busy organising things for her brother’s birthday and when she texts at lunchtime saying her brother in law has been to see her mam and that her mam is getting better by the day I wonder how my own mum is doing in Spain. I haven’t heard back from Leah every since the last time she called suggesting I should be prioritising my estranged mum in Spain over the aunt who devoted years to caring for me when my mum abandoned me. I never have heard anything from any consultant at the hospital in Spain, despite what Leah expected.

I rush home after work Wednesday with a list of things I need to do and, as ever, an extremely full bladder. I go straight to the toilet before anything else then put something in the oven for dinner as I work through my list. I start by looking at ferry tickets from Belfast to England. I know I should reserve one adult ticket but just as I am about to do so my doorbell goes. I go to answer the door finding a parcel on my doorstep addressed to me. I look around but don’t see anyone as I take in the parcel and open it. I’m gobsmacked to find it’s a pair of smart mens black formal shoes in my exact size! There’s no note or any trace of who sent them as I tie them up and walk around in them feeling amazed at the unexpected gift. I take a photo and text Megan right away. She replies immediately in awe and wonder and asks if she can call me as she’s at the Bangor public gardens with Chelsea.

I love hearing from Megan so happily say yes. Her voice gives me the chills as her beautiful authentic Irish accent thrills me. She’s finally all organised for tomorrow and Chelsea’s school bus is dropping her at Megan’s as a one off, much to her relief. However she’s still stuck with how to get Chelsea inside the house due to her front steps. I ask if the wheelchair might bump up like a pram but Megan isn’t sure. I ask if there’s anything solid she can use as a makeshift ramp but she can’t think of anything either. My only other solution is carrying the child in but with Megan being small she’s worried that might be dangerous. Before I realise what I’ve even said I offer to help if she’d like and immediately she agrees.

We quickly talk about times and Megan thinks Chelsea should arrive at hers around 4. I haven’t been finishing work until 4:30 but Megan still thinks it might work as the weather is predicted to be warm and she’s apparently got a nerf gun fight organised in the garden that Chelsea can watch until I arrive to hopefully get her inside. My heart flutters at the mere thought of seeing Megan in the flesh again, having not seen her at all since Sunday.

By the time it’s all agreed my oven is beeping to say my dinner is cooked and I completely forget I still haven’t booked ferry tickets to England!

After tea I watch a bit of TV before having a bath and heading to bed, reading not just Psalm 23 but the next one too before I sleep. The language is still confusing and complicated but I still feel compelled to read it anyway. I even find myself talking to God as if he’s in the room just like Father Reilly did at chapel. I don’t know any of the prayers that were repeated at St. Mary’s so I make my own up hoping God doesn’t mind.

I don’t feel quite as lonely as I did before Sunday but still I wish with all my heart that Megan was lying beside me like she was 11 nights ago, the last time I got to make love to her, the last time I got to properly feel her body next to mine. I can’t imagine ever sharing my bed, or my life, with anyone else but her. I don’t even want to think about leaving Bangor at the weekend without her.

*293*2021-11-01 12:07

Chapter 157

Megan

I’m surprisingly grateful for mam’s list as I tick off the items on the birthday list one by one making sure everything is organised both for Thursday and Saturday. In between all the extra organising there’s things to pick up from the retail park, deliveries to be in for and the usual juggling of housework, looking after Yasmin and my part-time job.

The closer if gets to Thursday though the more I am starting to panic about how I will get Chelsea in the house without all the adaptions her own family home has. Wednesday I wheel Chelsea around the beautiful Bangor public gardens as we watch the birds and butterflies and have an ice cream from the kiosk. I am just talking away to Chelsea, telling her about Rory and his birthday, when my phone beeps with a text message. The photo of the brand new black shoes amazes me as I wonder who might have bought them for Liam and how they knew his size and even his address! I show Chelsea the photo too and I’m sure she understands as the edges of her mouth turns upwards and her eyes turn from the phone back to me. Looking at her I notice she’s sitting at a slight angle in her chair so I bend down to adjust her body realising she’s not nearly as light as I expected. How on earth will I get her safely into my house tomorrow?

I call Liam and talk through my concerns and almost cry when he agrees to pop round after work to help me carry her in. My plans for the boys to start in the back garden with a nerf gun and water gun fight while I prepare some snacks means I should be able to amuse Chelsea around the back until Liam arrives. I just pray the weather stays as beautiful as it is today.

Everything seems to be going well on Thursday morning as I wake Rory up by singing happy birthday and he opens one gift before school as well as a couple of cards over breakfast, super excited to put on a birthday badge for school just like mam predicted. Ant promises a surprise from mam later as he winks at me and smiles at his brother when we both notice his slight sadness at seeing his mam’s handwriting in the card. I wave them off to school and then get Yasmin organised before undertaking operation ‘prepare the Murphy house’ for after school. It’s a job to wrap last minute deliveries from Niamh and Iain whilst keeping Yasmin away from the rustling paper, but finally it’s all ready and I send a photo to mam. She doesn’t reply but I didn’t really expect her to anyway. It’s probably not anywhere near as good as she’d have done anyway. Nothing I do is ever good enough for mam.

Aisling drops a wrapped gift off for her brother just before lunch before she heads off to see mam. Since Anthony’s visit on Sunday mam seems to have been improving so much and Aisling tells me there’s even talk of her getting discharged soon. I look over at Yasmin sitting on the floor playing contentedly and wonder what the impact on her of mam possibly coming home soon will be. Will she be back to being stuck in her jumperoo that’s she’s beginning to outgrow now or will mam just keep handing her to me whenever it suits her? Now knowing so much more from dad I worry even more about her future.

After lunch Yasmin has a nap while I strip the beds and remake them with fresh bedding, realising they haven’t been done since Lilly was over when mam first went into hospital. I don’t want Rory’s friends going back to their families saying we didn’t even have clean duvet covers on our beds as I load the washing machine with bedding from the boys room then return upstairs to do mine and Theresa’s. Stripping my bed I come across the notes and bookmark from Liam as I pause to reread them and hold them close.

The bookmark especially makes me pause as the words ‘sometimes our most desperate situations lead to our most beautiful moments’ really seem to come alive as I think back to the incredible times I have had with Liam, from meeting him in the launderette, to the library, finding him outside chapel, then again at St Mary’s on my brother’s first communion when I was so desperate I peed behind the chapel, and then the day my mam was taken to hospital after taking an overdose. I cuddle the precious items to my chest as I close my eyes and remember the night I stayed over at Liam’s and the time days later just after his aunt had died and I popped round with Yasmin and ended up peeing over the leg of his jeans. I whisper into the empty room, “I love you so much Liam Jude” as I finish making the beds and pop the things back under my pillow.

Just before Yasmin wakes I fill some buckets of water and I open the Nerf guns and water pistols I ordered and set up some balloons on the back wall of the garden for targets, knowing full well that the boys will no doubt enjoy firing the guns as much at each other as they will the balloons. I carry Yasmin’s high chair outside so she can sit out and watch too as I put my home made poster on the front door saying ‘Water and Nerf gun fight this way. ‘ then head back inside to change into shorts and t-shirt with my swimming costume on under them just incase the boys decide to get me wet too.

With so many surprises lined up for Rory I just hope he has a brilliant day and that I somehow manage four primary school boys, a severely disabled 9 year old girl and my baby sister pretty much alone until my older sister and my dad get in from work and my boyfriend is able to help get Chelsea in the house too. The only bonus tonight is that mam convinced dad to order take away pizza for when he gets home from work later on as a birthday treat for Rory. At least one bonus is I don’t need to cook or wash up much when everyone’s gone.

*294*2021-11-01 17:09

Chapter 158

Liam

I forget just how tiring working full time is as by Thursday my legs are weary and my back sore from all the bending. Shaun asks us all to concentrate on the tourist and busier areas with the Easter holidays approaching soon and the current beautiful weather. I was hoping for a more local route, perhaps the high street or sea front or even some of the housing estates like Bloomfield which would make getting round to Megan’s straight from work easier. Instead I’m whisked off in the minibus with Ryan and some others to the country park as the good weather is bringing out crowds of people to enjoy the walks, the Bangor National gardens and the large children’s play area and skate park. I’m tempted to text Megan and let her know but I don’t want her worrying that I will be late.

The park is very busy for a midweek morning with dog walkers, families with young children and even a keep fit type group exercising along to music on a large grass area. I’ve been to the country park before to work so I know my way around though I stick closely to Ryan anyway just in case. Within 90 minutes of starting we both have full bags as we take them to one of the designated pick up points and resume working until lunch. I’m grateful for a seat on a bench to eat my packed lunch and even more grateful for my bottle of water as even in the shade it’s still warm. Seeing the dry grass it’s hard to believe that just last week it was hammering with rain for days. Ryan tells me that it’s rarely this warm in April in Bangor and that maybe I must be lucky or something. It makes me think once again about the mystery delivery of smart shoes as I wonder once more who might have bought them.

I’m still thirsty even after my bottle of water so I queue at the van selling ice creams and buy myself a cold can of sprite. With no way of closing it to take it with me I have to drink it all before we return to work. That turns out to be a bit of an ill thought out plan as within an hour of resuming work I can feel myself beginning to need a piss. Looking at Ryan reminds me of the last time I worked this route and found myself squirming in the van on the way back to the council headquarters and the other guys laughing at me asking why I didn’t just go at a tree in the park like the rest of them did. As my need gets more uncomfortable and annoying I actually begin to do exactly that as I start actively looking for somewhere hidden and discreet where I can piss. Unlike the last time I was here though the park is busy in every direction and by mid afternoon I still haven’t been able to find anywhere to go.

Ryan shouts over that his bag is full so we start walking towards the gates again to leave the tied up bags to be uplifted. As embarrassing as it I get closer to Ryan and quietly ask him if there’s any public toilets in the park at all. He shrugs and looks at his watch.

“Only got an hour to go mate. Haven’t got a clue if there’s any toilets. If there is I’d imagine they are way back by the big play park but I’m not even sure if they will be open. We’ve just got the skatepark area to do now anyway.”

I don’t reply because I’m not sure what to say. I’d gladly walk to the play park and check if there’s any toilets and see if they are open but we’re supposed to stay together and it wouldn’t be fair to leave Ryan to do the entire skatepark himself so I leave my bag, start a new one and walk behind Ryan hoping the hour passes quickly. I’m delighted to see the minibus already waiting for us at 4:15 as I sit with my legs crossed looking out the window wondering how Megan is getting on with the party at hers and hoping she’s ok looking after so many kids. As if she knows I’m thinking of her she texts me a short video of Yasmin laughing in her high chair contagiously as the camera turns to show three boys chasing each other around a slabbed garden area with water pistols and nerf guns. I reply saying how much I love the video and asking if she’s ok.

“Having a gr8 time. Chelsea not long arrived and enjoying the watching the boys. Anthony pushed the wheelchair around into the back garden for me while I watched the boys and Y. Can’t wait to see you. Keeping the cake for when you get here.”

I look up from the phone to see we’re almost at the council building finally as I toy with going in and using the toilet first before going to Megan’s but the only ones I know of are on the 3rd floor and getting to them would mean keeping Megan and Chelsea waiting, as well as holding up young Rory getting his birthday cake. I’m sure Megan will let me nip to her bathroom quickly before I carry Chelsea inside, so despite being bursting I get off the minibus behind Ryan and run past the fountain that forever taunts me and jog towards The Bloomfield estate, every step making my need to pee so much worse.

*295*2021-11-02 09:14

Chapter 159

Megan

I see Anthony and Rory walking towards the house with another two boys and an older lady. As they approach the front door I can hear their excited chatter and Rory delightedly pointing out the birthday banner and balloons on the door. I pick up Yasmin and open the front door before closing it over again so the boys can see my sign.

“Happy birthday Rory and welcome home! So anyone up for a nerf and water fight in the back garden? Hi, I’m Megan, Rory’s older sister. You don’t mind your son getting a little wet do you? I’ll make sure he’s not soaked or anything.”

“He’s my grandson. I’m sure that’ll be ok. His mum will come pick him up later. 5:30 ok?”

“Perfect. He’s still ok for Saturday too?”

“He can’t wait. Thanks for having him over. Oscar, promise me you’ll be on your best behaviour for the Murphys…and don’t forget the present in your bag too!”

“Yes gran. I’ve got my PE kit in my bag. Can I change into that for the water fight?”

I smile thinking this is a great idea.

“Actually Oscar that’s a great idea. Do you have PE kit too?”

I look at the other excited young boy. He nods and I open the front door telling the boys to go upstairs and get changed in the boys bedroom then Rory will show them to the back garden. I wave to Oscar’s gran as she walks away and I close the front door as the four boys rush upstairs and I hear the bathroom door closing and boys chatting loudly as they go to get ready. Still holding Yasmin I head to the kitchen and pour out some juice for them all and take the cellophane off the plates of snacks on the dining table. I plan to save the cake for a bit later when they all come inside to see Rory open his gifts which are all sitting in a neat pile in the living room surrounded by balloons. Yasmin pulls herself towards the snacks in my arms so I hand her something to keep her quiet and open the back door in anticipation of the stampede about to unfold.

Within minutes three excited young boys race down and out the back door in their shorts and t-shirts into the lovely spring weather as they grab water pistols and nerf guns and load them.

“Hey look at this one!”

“What you doing firing me like that?”

“Bet you can’t catch me!”

I strap Yasmin in her high chair as she avidly watches her younger brother and his friends playing as she munches on her fairy cake messily. I grab myself a drink and take one of the dining chairs out to join her as I watch the boys excitedly playing and trying to hit the targets with both water and nerf pellets. I let them play away for a while keeping a close eye on the time for Chelsea’s bus. Anthony comes out to see what’s going on as he stands at the back door asking when would be a good time to FaceTime mam. I suggest once Rory’s friends have gone home and he nods happily before grabbing a chair and coming out himself.

“This looks fun.”

“You’re not too old to join in you know.”

“I will if you will.”

Anthony grabs a water pistol and starts firing it at me, the cold water making me scream but laugh at the same time as Yasmin starts laughing so hard I have to stop to film her as I grab a gun and squirt Anthony back getting water right down the back of his t-shirt making him jump with the cold.

“I’ll get you back for that Meg!” Which he does catching my hair and my front with freezing cold water as my top changes colour and begins to cling to me. As the boys get a bit silly themselves with excitement I call to them that there’s snacks inside and all three drop their ammunitions and race towards the back stairs and kitchen. I suggest bringing seats out which they all do before going back in and getting plates of food and drink. While they are all happily eating I hear the school bus toot and Anthony, bless him, puts his plate of food on his seat and comes down the side of the house to help me in with Chelsea. I put the brakes on her chair, pour some juice in a non spill cup and help her have some and then feed her small pieces of sandwiches and fairy cakes as the boys finish their snacks and resume their games as Yasmin starts laughing again and Chelsea moves her arms excitedly.

It thankfully seems like Rory is having a great time as I take a moment to have some food and drink myself as I wait patiently for dad and Theresa to get back from work and Liam to arrive to help me inside with Chelsea. I snap some pics on my phone of everyone and even call the boys over to stand behind the wheelchair and high chair as I get a great smiling pic of everyone with Rory actually holding Chelsea’s hand sweetly like he’s known her forever and not just met her for the first time last week.

*296*2021-11-02 16:17

Chapter 160

Liam

I can hear laughter and screaming as I get closer to 25 Woodburn Close and my heart skips a bear as I recognise instantly the unmistakable beautiful laugh of Megan Murphy. I can’t wait to see her despite urgently needing to piss. I follow the noise towards the back garden where I see Yasmin giggling in a high chair, Chelsea flapping in her wheelchair, her head nodding in happiness and four boys and Megan having what looks like great fun with water pistols and nerf guns. Megan turns as she sees me as my eyes bulge seeing her soaking wet top clinging to her shapely gorgeous breasts, her nipples very obvious and her shorts showing off her wonderful legs. She looks the epitome of beauty, the definition of sexy, as I gawp at her helplessly.

She holds a water pistol up towards me smiling.

“You dare me?”

I’m sweating from work anyway and my clothes are going in the wash the minute I get home so I put my litter picker down, take my high visibility jacket off, dumping it on the ground, and allow my girlfriend to fire freezing cold water at me wherever she likes as I raise both hands in the air in submission. She sprays me laughing until the pistol is completely empty, my shirt wet and the top of my jeans a different colour to the rest. As I notice the gun is empty I move my arms more to my side holding them out for a hug from the most wonderful girl who ever existed. She drops the gun and happily runs into my arms as I kiss her on the top of her head and whisper down to her.

“It’s so good to see you. You look amazing.”

She steps back to eye me from my head to my feet. Smiling and giggling she looks up at me, still in my arms, as the boys all laugh and shout behind her. “Likewise Liam…though you do look like you’ve had a bit of an accident there.” She looks at my crotch as I blush and she winks at me. I pull her towards me again as I have to let go of one of her hands to grab my crotch desperately as I whisper down to her blushing more.

“Actually I almost am! Could I possibly use your bathroom sweetheart. I haven’t been able to go all day and I’m seriously desperate.”

I can’t help biting my lip and frowning pleading with her with my eyes to release me to run inside to her bathroom. Her eyes sparkle in that way I know and adore so much and her mouth opens as I’m sure she’s about to say yes when something suddenly stops her.

“Meg! Meg!”

She turns to look at the boys as her youngest brother calls her.

“Meg, is it ok if Callum uses our toilet. He’s bursting!”

I see one of the boys with his head down and his hand in front of his shorts awkwardly as my heart sinks at what Megan says so innocently and naturally.

“Goodness of course! If anyone else wants to go now would be a great time to go because once I get the girls inside it’ll be time to get the birthday cake out.”

I watch in shock as all the boys apart from the oldest one run inside as my heart sinks at the inevitable; I’m going to have to somehow hang on a bit longer yet. Megan smiles at me sheepishly and whispers kindly, “I hope you don’t mind the kids going first. I promise you can go too very shortly.” I smile back too embarrassed to say anything especially as her brother steps closer.

“Anything I can do to help Megan?”

“Could you get Yasmin in for me please? Just put her in her jumperoo for a minute until we get Chelsea inside then if you would be able to get her high chair in that would be a great help too. Thanks Anthony.”

Megan then turns to Chelsea.

“Right cutie. Let’s see if we can get you inside ready for some birthday cake too. We can’t have you missing out now can we?”

I watch as she unclips the straps holding Chelsea securely in her chair holding her body firmly so she doesn’t accidentally slide out. The older boy lifts Yasmin out her high chair effortlessly as I turn away from him grabbing my crotch trying so desperately to keep my bladder at bay just a bit longer. I move from foot to foot anxiously as Megan turns to talk to me.

“You sure you’ll be ok lifting her?”

“Yeah”

Megan looks at my hands as I bend down.

“You might be better washing your hands first? There’s soap at the kitchen sink.”

I look at my hands having forgotten that I’ve just spent the day picking up rubbish for a living as I blush and apologise before going up the steep back stairs into Megan’s kitchen. I dance about clutching between my legs desperately as I pump some soap onto my hands and wash them thoroughly before looking around for a towel. As Megan’s older brother walks through again to get the high chair I thrust my crotch into the kitchen counter as hard as I can trying to disguise how close I am to pissing myself, the wetness in that area from the water pistol making holding even harder than before. I dry my hands and head back out to Megan and Chelsea more desperate to go than ever before. There’s no way I can lift Chelsea and carry her inside without using the bathroom first. I can feel my penis on the verge of erupting any second.

I wait at the top of the back steps as the older boy carries in Yasmin’s high chair as I watch Megan trying to support Chelsea as she waits for me. The whole time I stand there my penis is throbbing in my damp jeans threatening to erupt with warm liquid any second. I just know I’m going to have an accident and the thought terrifies me. After the lad passes me I take the stairs so quickly I almost fall over as I can hear my own heart beating I’m so consumed by my need to piss. I bend forward holding myself panting, my head right in front of Chelsea’s and touching Megan’s.

“I gotta piss so bad! I’m not gonna make it to the toilet. Oh God its dribbling out!”

Megan kisses me lightly on the cheek, promises it’ll be ok, then she quickly clicks Chelsea’s belt back on and whispers to me to go against the wall of the stairs quickly while she keeps the boys inside. Before she’s even at the top of the stairs I have my zip down, my penis out and urine is bursting out of me so urgently I can barely stand. I stumble as close to the wall as I can hearing Megan telling the boys to stand beside Rory in the kitchen behind the table to give me room to bring Chelsea in before she lights the candles on the cake.

Only the marvellous Megan has any idea what’s delaying me and I’m so relieved about that, in more ways than one now.

*297*2021-11-02 19:51

Hi readers, it’s now 96 days since I started this novel so wondering if people are still ok with 2 chapters a day or wanting more or less? I am writing this as I go along so happy to go at whatever pace suits those who are reading along.

Huge thanks for continuing to read every day and please stay with Megan and Liam and still plenty to go yet!

