Anything to Confess? - Page 12

Author: Mbgpeelover

*285*2021-10-28 14:51

Chapter 150

Liam

My legs and heart are in competition with each other as I wonder what’s actually racing faster as I swing the paper bag of goods in my arm, sprinting manically towards my flat and a toilet at last. The sweat is pouring out of me as the sun shines brightly and the warmth of a fresh spring day beats down on me. I have to make it. I have to.

Holding my breath, as if it somehow helps, I charge down Victoria street focussed on nothing but my own front door. Adrenaline pumping through my muscles and carrying me along, my head spinning, my teeth clenched, as every single second matters greatly. Climbing my own front stairs I splutter and pant as I shake my left leg frantically while I dig in my right side pocket for my key. I press against my penis with my fingers as I pull it out muttering to myself in desperation as I put the key in the lock and turn it.

“Gotta piss! Gotta piss! Come on Liam, you can make it!”

I let the door close itself with no time to check if it even closed fully as my steps quicken as I drop the bag from the priest in the hall and almost fall into the bathroom. I pull at the button on my jeans, almost ripping them, as I then hurriedly unzip and try to get my dick out before I explode. I fumble with the small intricate fiddly buttons on my underwear, almost crying because I have to pee so much. Unable to stand still I give up as a tiny leak appears on the material and I gasp as I urgently pull my penis out the leg hole, aim haphazardly towards the toilet, and let go.

The feeling of release is incredible, like floating in air, as the weight of the world lifts off my shoulders and I feel suddenly free and calm.

“Wow! Finally!”

I allow my body all the time it needs to free itself from the tension caused by my overfull bladder. It comes in waves of fast outpouring, then shorter quicker spurts, then a longer continuous flow again as every organ in my body breathes a sigh of relief that I made it on time. It feel good, incredibly good, as the last of my urine dribbles out as I shake and wipe.

That feels so much better. I actually made it!

After washing my hands I return to close the front door properly then pick up the bag I dropped and take it into the kitchen and place it on the table. I make myself some simple tinned tomatoes on toast with a cup of coffee then move into the living room to explore the bag more. At the very top is a black suit jacket which I slide my arms in then pull it onto my shoulders and fasten the buttons. It feels good, perfect even, almost like it was made for me.

I slide it back off as my eyes catch the label: Dolce and Gabbana! Wow! Even Lauren Bennet would approve for once! Admiring the jacket a bit more I hang it neatly over the back of the armchair while I take out the next item; a brand new still in its packet white shirt. I open it carefully, not recognising the logo this time at all, as I take the pins and packaging all off and remove my own shirt to try it on. It’s crisp and firm feeling, but once again fits perfectly and sits well on my shoulders and neck. I pull the jacket back on feeling like a whole new man, though my jeans ruin the style rather a lot!

I undo and step out my jeans as I nervously pull out the next piece of clothing the priest gave me: a pair of black trousers. I step into them carefully and pull them up, finding them neat at my ankles but just right at the waist. I slide my feet into my old trainers and see that the ankles are fine with footwear on as I feel myself getting a little emotional again as I fish out the black tie and fasten it neatly, taking me right back to my years at high school in an instant. I long to see myself properly, the way others would, as I try and think wether I have a big enough mirror. I then have an idea.

Propping my phone up on the windowsill I put it onto video and then timer and video myself from different angles to see how I look. Watching it back I gasp at how smart and professional I look and at the miracle of finally having something perfectly fitting to wear to honour my wonderful aunt. I slowly remove the clothes, being carefully to keep all three items neat and clean, as I excitedly send Megan a message via Facebook to show her. It’s the first either of us have contacted each other since chapel and I’m desperate to tell her all about the priest’s house, the ‘heart room’ full of amazing things and the generosity of Father Reilly.

It’s only as I refold the clothing to return it to the bag to carry to my room that I notice an envelope in the bottom of the bag under the little Bible the priest gave me too. Thinking it might just be a card with the chapel details on or something I open it to see. At first it seems I was right as a card with a black and white picture of St. Mary’s chapel, Bangor faces me as I let my thumb touch the very place at the side of the building where not only did Megan find me once after a panic attack but I also saw her the day of her brother’s first communion when she was pacing up and down with her sister in the buggy whilst obviously bursting to pee. The card feels bulky as I open it and stare at what’s inside.

Shocked, amazed and in awe I phone Megan and catch her just as she’s walking to work.

“I have to tell you something Megan. It’s amazing. I still can’t believe it. After chapel Father Reilly took me into his house. He gave me a Bible. Then he took me to that outhouse place he calls the heart room. He somehow miraculously knew my clothes size and..well you saw the pictures I sent of the clothes he gave me. I’m almost crying I’m so taken aback Meg! Why did he do that? Oh and that’s not all! There’s a card in the bag too. From St.Mary’s. I can barely hold it together to say this but…Megan there’s £200 cash in it with a note in the card saying ‘for the trip to England and back for the funeral.’ Megan what should I do?”

“Emmm I would buy tickets to get to England if I was you….”

There’s a pause as her voice touches me in the way it always has from the very first word she ever said to me right back in the launderette. I’m trying to think of how to reply when her voice returns, quieter, gentler, softer…

“God works in mysterious ways Liam. He’s looking after you.”

“You know that’s exactly the sort of thing aunt Ella would have said….Megan…will you come with me to England please…”

“Oh. I don’t know. I want to. I’d love to in fact but I promised Rory a birthday party on Saturday, and I have Yasmin to look after and my work too. . I can’t let everyone down Liam. I can’t just up and leave even if I really wanted to. I want to come though, so much. I just don’t see how it’s possible.”

“I understand. It was just a thought.”

“Liam, if I could I would. I just wish there was a way. I’ve just arrived at the McGintley’s but I’ll text or call later. And Liam…I am so thrilled about the suit. I love you. Speak soon!”

Her voice stays with me even after she rings off as I find myself talking out loud just like the priest did in the chapel earlier beside me.

“God please make a way. You know how much I want this.”

*286*2021-10-29 09:40

Chapter 151

Megan.

Dad offers to drop me off at work on the way to hospital to see mam but it’s such a beautiful day I am happy to walk. I kiss Yasmin goodbye and shout up to Rory as I check with Theresa that she has everything she needs for the baby. Dad drives off with Anthony sitting in the front beside him and I grab my clutch bag for my phone and purse and head away. I’m just thinking to myself of where to take Chelsea on such a beautiful afternoon and what we have in to make for dinner later when I get home when my mobile rings. It’s Liam. He’s already sent me pictures and videos of his new suit and I am dying to tell him how attractive, sexy even, he looks in it. His entire physique seems to change in the tailored material making him look happier, healthier and even more handsome than ever. I can’t resist saving the pics to my phone to look at again later.

But there’s more! I knew about the heart room at the parochial house, having helped out there many times, and I know St. Mary’s helps widely in the community so hearing of Father Reilly giving clothes to my boyfriend doesn’t shock me much…but the money? I’m very aware that there are emergency funds, charity giving and so on but two hundred pounds to someone Father Reilly has only just met? That’s unheard of in all my years of chapel going! I’m every bit in awe and shock as Liam is, almost in tears, as I turn into the McGintley’s street.

I’ve always accepted Liam isn’t Catholic. It’s not even something I think about much either, though admittedly it was amazing to see him in chapel earlier, so to hear him mention he was given a Bible today sends my heart turning. Having him believe wouldn’t in any way make me love him more, in fact I’m not sure that would even be possible, but it would bring an added connection, a greater compatibility, maybe even an acceptance from my family. I don’t want to push him or force my religion and beliefs onto him but I can’t shake this powerful sense that God’s hand is on him right now.

“God works in mysterious ways. He’s looking after you Liam”, I say hoping he’s ok with that.

I had no idea that was something his aunt used to say. I really wish I had got to meet her.

I know he’s got to go back to England next weekend but I’ve been trying so hard not to think about it. I’m not ready for him to go. The idea of days, possibly even a week or more without him here in Bangor breaks me. Plus I am worried about him going on his own. It’s not just the funeral but from seeing what dad had to do when his brother died a few years ago I have some idea about the huge amount of sorting, organising and clearing that comes with putting someone’s affairs in order when they pass away.

Liam hasn’t mentioned his aunt’s house, or anything else she owns, or what he plans to do. I am concerned it might all be too much but deep down I have another hidden concern that weighs on me like a noose around my neck: what if Liam doesn’t come back? What if returning to England brings back too many memories, has too many ties, is just easier all round, than coming back to Bangor? I love Bangor but even I confess it’s appeal is limited, it’s career prospects restricted, it’s weather grim at times.

Of course it had occurred to me to go with him. I would do anything to make that possible but with mam already in hospital it’s hard enough juggling the care of the boys and Yasmin, let alone the fact I can’t let the McGintley’s down either. The funeral is a week on Monday too and I’ve promised Rory a party on Saturday. It just doesn’t seem possible, even besides the practicalities of cost of the tickets, where I would stay and what I would eat. It’s just how to tell Liam that in less than a minute as each step gets me closer to Chelsea’s house, without leaving him upset.

Thankfully he seems ok as I ring off and chap the letterbox of the McGintley’s. Mr McGintley answers inviting me in. I notice Chelsea isn’t ready waiting as he beckons me into their living room and invites me to sit down. I’m nervous and anxious wondering if he’s found out about me picking up Liam in the van to get his daughter from school, or inviting him along to the cinema on Friday? Whilst Chelsea herself couldn’t say perhaps someone saw and news got back to him? I can’t bring myself to look him in the eye as I finally see Chelsea sitting in the kitchen in her wheelchair at the table.

“I’m sorry Chelsea isn’t ready Megan. Liz isn’t feeling well. She’s been in bed all day. I know you’ve been taking Chelsea out places and having fun but I jut wanted to talk to you before you start work today. There’s a couple of things I need to mention to you and I don’t think Liz has said yet. Has she mentioned about Thursday?”

I look up confused. “Was I meant to have Chelsea on Thursday? I’m sorry. Liz didn’t say. I was sure it was Tuesday and Friday last week. Please feel free to text me if that happens again. I hate to think of Chelsea thinking I didn’t come. Liz never even said too.”

Mr McGintley places his palm towards me like a policeman stopping traffic as he smiles.

“No. No. Not last Thursday. This Thursday coming. My wife has a hospital appointment. She has tried to reschedule for earlier in the day but unfortunately the consultant isn’t available until the afternoon. Regrettably it’s at 4pm so that’s leaving us with a bit of a problem you see. I have a meeting I can’t get out of that afternoon but we are struggling to find someone able to have Chelsea after school. I know we have already asked so much of you, and of course we will always pay you for your time. A good friend of ours has agreed to take Liz to the hospital but that doesn’t help us with Chelsea.”

I feel awful. I glance through to Chelsea sitting alone in the kitchen. None of this is her fault and I hate letting her down but Thursday is Rory’s birthday and I’ve already promised him he can have his friends around after school. I look up at Mr McGintley unsure what to say without feeling like I’m kicking him in the teeth.

“Thursday is my little brother’s birthday.”

“Please please don’t worry. It’s our responsibility, our problem. We just thought we’d ask you first.”

I don’t know why I say it, and I haven’t even thought of the practicalities or feasibility of it in any way, but before I can even stop myself the words are out.

“Well, maybe I could still help, that’s if you don’t object to Chelsea being at my house? She could come along and join in the fun with the kids? It’s just two of Rory’s friend’s coming around for a couple of hours after school. No loud music or flashing lights or anything, just two of his friends having snacks and seeing what Rory gets for his birthday and singing happy birthday. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind Chelsea joining in if you don’t? Would the bus be able to drop her at mine’s or would I be better picking her up?”

Mr McGintley looks at me relieved, his eyes watery and his face smiling.

“I think Chelsea would love that. No-one thinks to invite her to things like that you know. It’s one of the hardest things I struggle with with her being so far away for school. She never sees friends, never gets invited to parties. She’s not ever around kids her age. How old will your brother be?”

“He’s turning 10.”

“Oh goodness. Just months older than Chelsea really. What does he like? Football, video games, wresting?”

“Lego, nerf guns and video games mostly really.”

“Sounds fun. I’ll speak to Liz and see what she thinks about the bus or you getting her. The other thing is that we are going away next weekend for a couple of weeks. I have the Easter holidays off and we are heading over to Scotland to visit family. We’ll still pay you and I’ll give you the three weeks money next Saturday if that’s ok? We go away every Easter usually and a couple of weeks in summer too. Liz thought with your brothers off school you’d probably be glad to have a break too. I better go get Chelsea ready now or she’ll be yelling at me. There’s only so long The Greatest Showman on my iPad will entertain her for. She loves that film!”

I stand up and follow him towards their big kitchen and my friend Chelsea. Looking at her in her wheelchair I suddenly wonder how I’ll ever get her into my house, and that’s before I even tell dad what I’ve agreed to. I hope everything is going ok at the hospital today because I need dad in a good mood tonight when I tell him. The last thing I need is being shouted at again!

*287*2021-10-29 18:39

Chapter 152

Liam

I hang the suit and shirt up in my wardrobe staring at them in disbelief. I’ve never been a particularly lucky type of person and especially not the sort that has things like this happen to them. Yet since arriving in Northern Ireland it’s definitely like someone or something is looking out for me. From finding a flat whist sitting in a stolen car in a car park near Liverpool, to finding enough cash in the vehicle to not only pay the deposit but my ferry fare and taxi to Bangor too, getting a job.

I didn’t apply for just by complimenting a stranger, then getting made full time within weeks, meeting Megan like I did, and now finding myself at a Catholic chapel where I get given a suit I could never afford and money to enable me to get back to England to pay my respects to a woman who looked after me and loved me unconditionally from when I was just 14 years old. Things like that happen to other people, not Liam Jude. What was it Megan said when she first heard my surname? Patron saint of desperate situations? I wonder if he’s in that Bible anywhere. I might go and see.

I walk back to my small living room and sit down with the Bible. Flicking through it I pause and glance at pages with unpronounceable and strange names. Some bits have numbers too and it just feels so alien and confusing. I’m not sure where to begin as I try looking for the Sam bit I remember Father Reilly reading earlier. I have no idea where to start so I google ‘Sam 23 Bible’ on my phone quickly realising that I am not even spelling it right! Hoping to find a page number I realise quickly that there’s lots of different versions of the Bible and I eventually find the contents page and find it that way. Reading it aloud there’s parts that still don’t make sense but somehow the words still seem to bring me a sense of comfort and peace. I close the Bible, putting it down carefully on my coffee take and allow my eyes to close as I drift into a nap easily.

I wake to my mobile ringing and Megan telling me about the McGintley’s. I have to ask her to slow down as words pour out of her so fast I am struggling to take them in. Something about Chelsea coming to her house and panicking about the stairs and another thing about a holiday. Slowly I manage to piece it all together as she starts off with Thursday. Apparently she’s somehow told the McGintley’s she will have Chelsea after school but she’s also got Rory’s two friends coming with it being his birthday, and she’s got Yasmin.

I personally think she’s taken on too much but that’s Megan Murphy all over: she’d do anything for anyone to help them. It’s one of the many many things I adore about her even if it does put her in impossible situations at times. I finally manage to get a word in as I ask why she will have Chelsea at her own house and not her own and she informs me about her mum having a hospital appointment. I ask if her older sister will at least be able to help and she finally says she’s hoping so but with Chelsea and Yasmin plus Anthony, Rory and his two friends it’ll be a full on 2 hours.

I can hear her walking as I hear cars passing and the odd dog barking or children playing as she goes on to say about how she has two weeks off work soon too. Immediately I think about my trip to England going through dates in my head and trying to listen to Megan whist simultaneously trying to work out if her time off fits in with my aunt’s funeral. I think it does but not having work is only one barrier preventing her coming with me. She’s so needed at home and even I am not that selfish to take her away from Yasmin or her younger brothers.

She ends the conversation quite abruptly saying she’s just arriving home and adding laughing,

“Thanks for chatting with me. I ended up staying with Chelsea at hers and we did water play in the garden. What with Mr McGintley giving me a mug of tea too I’ve been needing a wee for ages but chatting to you helped me not to have to think about it. Catch up soon. Love you. Better go now bye.”

I press to hang up and put my phone on top of the Bible feeling my erection building instantly. What with everything that’s gone on today I haven’t cum yet and just the thought of my Megan ‘needing a wee for ages’ is enough to make me need her so badly as I unzip my jeans allowing my anatomy room to be exposed and expand. What if someone happens to be in the bathroom of her busy home when she gets inside? What if Yasmin or one of her brothers need her? Just thinking of that beautiful sexy girl squirming in desperation is more than enough to send me to heaven as I stroke my penis gently and close my eyes thinking of her.

*288*2021-10-30 08:14

Chapter 153

Megan

I get home to find dad and Anthony have got back from seeing mam, Rory has built an amazing go cart out of his brother’s meccano and Yasmin is napping. I head upstairs right away, now desperate to use the bathroom, but annoyingly I find Theresa is having a bath. I pop in to see Rory as he shows off his go cart in his room as he starts telling me how he thought it all up and how he got certain parts to move. I try my utmost to stand still but it’s impossible as I lean over the desk Rory is sitting at looking at his go cart just as I notice that he’s sitting perched right at the edge of the chair.

“Can you see ok Rory?”

He turns to look at me as I step from foot to foot praying my sister gets out the bathroom immediately so I can pee.

“Yes. Why?”

“Just the way you’re sitting made me wonder. It’s been a while since you had your eyes tested and it looks like you’re straining to see the small pieces.”

He shuffles on the seat looking uncomfortable before putting the model on the desk gently and wriggling again.

“I just really need to pee that’s all. I got so caught up with building I didn’t want to leave. I’d better go now because I’m bursting!”

“Me too! I think Theresa’s in though. I’m sure she’ll hurry up though if she knows you are waiting. Why don’t you knock and tell her.”

“Oh.”

He wriggles more and bounces his leg as I continue stepping foot to foot, my stomach feeling bloated and heavy. Suddenly he jumps up from the metal seat running straight to the bathroom as he uses his palm to knock the bathroom door.

“Can whoever is in hurry up.” He pauses, twisting his legs around, before adding politely, “please.”

Theresa shouts out that she’s just getting dried as my youngest brother runs back to sit back on the chair in the room he shares with his older brother as he swings his legs and squirms. I know how he feels as I cross my legs and lean against the open door.

“So have your friend’s parent’s agreed to them coming both Thursday and Saturday? Just so I make sure everything is organised. I can’t believe this is your last ever Sunday being 9 Rory. I was wondering, remember Chelsea who I look after? How would you feel if she was here on Thursday too? Would you be ok with that?”

My poor brother is wriggling for all he’s worth very clearly absolutely bursting for the loo as he tries his best to answer my questions whilst not losing concentration on keeping his pee in.

“Callum goes to his dad’s on a Saturday but he said his dad will bring him and his mam will come get him at 5:30 on Thursday. Oscar just stays local and his gran does too so his gran will walk him here on Thursday after school then come back for him but it might be his mam bringing him on Saturday or his gran. He doesn’t know yet but he’s definitely coming too. Oh I really really NEED to pee so much!”

“I’m sure Theresa will be out soon. So what about Chelsea? Would you be ok with her being here Thursday? She’s never been to a birthday party since she was a baby!”

“Why?”

I moan as an urgent wave hits me hard as I twist and squirm standing in front of my brother.

“Well her school is ages away, as you know. Plus she doesn’t see many other kids. I don’t think many children think to invite disabled children to their parties sadly. I think I’ll see if Theresa is almost out eh? I don’t know about you but I’m nearly having an accident here.”

“Same”

I walk to the bathroom seeing my brother leaning forward clutching between his legs on the chair.

“You almost done there Theresa? Poor Rory is bursting out here!”

Just then she unlocks and opens the door standing facing me wrapped in nothing but a towel as I see the toilet behind her and long to use it so much. Instead I turn to face my little brother, who is almost crying trying to hold his bladder back, as he sees his sister walk into her room and he races to the open bathroom like he’s the road racer! I pull the door closed to give him privacy as I step into mam and dad’s room to check on Yasmin. In their darkened room seeing her napping, as I hold myself longing for access to the only bathroom in the Murphy house, I think back to the day just weeks ago when I was every bit as desperate and ended up peeing on a spare cot mattress protector and hiding it under Yasmin’s cot. As I moan quietly and pee dance hoping not to wake my sister I remember how my wet things went missing and how dad later confessed to me that he had been writing mam notes to try and cheer her up and how he thought my wet knickers were mam’s.

I slip a hand inside my knickers stroking my shaking vagina as I try everything to keep myself from having another accident. It feels so incredible touching my own body and feeling it respond as the tingling intensifies and my nipples enlarge and get increasingly sensitive. Oh how I really need to pee but it feels so amazing to explore my body when it’s so tense and heightened and sensitive. I start to feel a little light headed as I sit on the edge of my parents’s bed with one hand down my midi skirt and underwear as I twirl my enlarged clitoris and explore my very warm wet throbbing vagina.

My legs tense as I rock back and forth on the edge of the double bed, my fingers stroking my swollen sensitive vaginal lips and sliding effortlessly inside my body, my urethra pulsating against the palm of my hand as my mouth opens and closes and my jaw tenses. I can’t stop as the rocking and gyrating becomes more intensive, the throbbing faster, my need overpowering. I gasp as my fingers squelch in my own copious warm liquid as I wriggle my legs back and forth rhythmically rubbing my hard clitoris against my own palm, my two first fingers sliding in and out my body making me shake and crave more.

I moan softly as I can’t stop what I am doing, my heart and body united as one as I hold back one urgent physical need while almost reaching climax in another. I hear my younger brother flush the toilet and turning the taps on to presumably wash his hands as my mind pictures Liam in place of Rory and imagines him getting so involved in a task that he inadvertently ends up absolutely bursting to pee only to find the only bathroom isn’t free. The image in my mind of him sitting on the edge of the seat, confessing he’s desperate, then imagining his facial expression when I say someone is in the loo and seeing him squirm at the door just like my brother did sends my hormones raging as I orgasm to a final image of him swinging his legs on the chair with both hands on his crotch. I don’t even realise I’m moaning quietly as my forehead sweats and my arms go tense as my rocking becomes so rigid as I climax quickly but amazingly as I suddenly feel so satisfied, ecstatic and complete.

Rory passes the door as he pauses to call me, probably wondering where I am.

“That’s the bathroom free Megan.”

My mouth is dry, my face red and hot as I do my best to sound as calm as before while my heart beats rapidly.

“Thanks”

I lie back on the bed allowing my body to calm down and my need to pee to return as I realise I haven’t even thought about dinner let alone prepared anything. I close my eyes thinking about dinner, about all the stuff I need to do for Rory’s birthday, the amazing service at chapel earlier and Liam and his new suit. As I start thinking more about how I could possibly get Chelsea inside the house on Thursday I feel my legs moving from side to side and my stomach ache as suddenly my need to wee is returning with even more urgency than before. I sit up and rush to the bathroom already feeling dribbles in my pants.

*290*2021-10-30 14:31

Chapter 154

Liam

I don’t hear back from Megan until late Sunday night when she texts me a simple ‘love you. Sleep well and hope work goes well tomorrow. Xx’ which I get just as I’m making myself food for work and putting it in the fridge before heading to bed. I pick up the little black Bible and find the bit that Father Reilly read to me earlier, rereading it just before I sleep and marking it with a receipt I find so I can ask Andrew Watt if it can possibly be read out at my aunt’s funeral. I wish I could recall the name of the song that she always sang too but I decide to ask Megan tomorrow and try to sleep.

Miraculously I wake from a full nights undisturbed sleep for once as I shower, use the toilet, eat breakfast and head to work on another glorious day. I arrive at the council headquarters to find I’m paired up with Aidan and we are sent down to the seafront after a lovely weekend. Wearing a high visibility council jacket on top of my t-shirt and jeans I am melting in the heat as I have my water bottle finished before 11am. The beach is covered with litter after a presumably busy weekend of tourists and locals making the most of the start of spring.

Aidan is in a great mood, spurred on, I soon find out, by the fact he was paid on Friday and finally received the promised bonus for referring me. I’m pleased for him as we sit on a bench looking out at the sea while I eat my food from home and he has a take away sandwich from the bakers nearby. Word clearly hasn’t got to him as to why I was off work last week as he casually asks me if I enjoyed my week off. I bow my head instinctively as I say quietly that it was bereavement leave and not a holiday as I tell him I’ll be off again next week as I have to return to England for a funeral and to sort out a close relative’s affairs. He apologies and says nothing more as I excuse myself to buy more water from the shop nearby and we then get back to work.

Shortly after I feel my phone vibrate in my jeans pocket as I check to see Aidan isn’t watching as I go to answer it. Its just Andrew Watt doing a final check on the order of service for next Monday and asking if I have a photo of my aunt to use on the cover. I tell him I’m at work but quickly ask if it’s possible to have the Psalm read out that Father Reilly read and he tells me someone from my aunt’s church is already reading it.

I smile feeling such a warmth inside me as I then ask about the hymn, though I can’t recall it’s name. Andrew patiently asks if I know any of the words but the only bit I suddenly recall is ‘I once was lost but now am found.’. Instantly he tells me that it’s Amazing Grace by John Newton and once again Mabel already knew it was my aunt’s favourite and it’s already on the order of service. He reads out the order of events and I approve it telling him I’ll email or text a photo as soon as I finish my shift. I quickly put my phone back in my pocket and return to work before Aidan catches me. We’re not allowed to take personal calls in work time and Aidan is a stickler for the rules.

We meet up mid afternoon as we both put more full bin bags in the required place to be picked up by the van as I take the brief opportunity to finish my second drink, wishing I was wearing shorts instead of my thick jeans and commenting to Aidan that the high visibility coat is far too hot in this lovely weather. He tells me that we switch to waistcoats after Easter which pleases me immensely. The beach is busy and we both watch as a group of nursery children search for shells with their teachers as Aidan suggests we go along the pavement before heading back towards the headquarters. I nod as we walk slowly along by the high wall picking up any litter we see and then putting my half empty bag inside Aidan’s as we walk back to where we left the other bags then stroll up towards the council building.

I can’t help thinking of Megan as we walk towards the high street as I really hope we won’t have to wait long by the fountain for the van to drop the others back and register they have seen us before we can go our separate ways. I’m sweating, tired and hungry but more than anything else I really need a piss having not had a chance to go since before I left for work this morning almost 9 hours ago!

If only I was going home to my beloved Megan. Besides the fact it would make my day to see her I’m one hundred percent certain it would equally make her day to see me, especially in my current state.

*291*2021-10-31 10:21

Chapter 155

Megan

Dashing to the bathroom finally I’m honestly shocked at how long I pee for, my stream strong and loud as it splashes into the water below. My lower stomach cramps as my exhausted bladder finally gets the relief it’s been craving for ages. I reach for some toilet roll to wipe myself feeling the paper glide over my body and fill heavily with what I presume is mucus and drops of urine. I peek down to check seeing the paper in my hand soaked in blood. I’ve been so busy with everything I’d completely forgotten my period was due. I clean myself up, get a sanitary towel from the cabinet and then wash my hands and head downstairs to start dinner.

I have to do a double take as I walk past the living room as dad once again has Yasmin on his knee singing to her. I smile and continue on to the kitchen opening the fridge and freezer for inspiration for tea. Dad must have heard me as he suddenly appears in the doorway holding Yasmin.

“How was work?”

“Yeah it was good thanks. Chelsea, the girl I look after, is lovely. Same age as our Rory. I just stayed at hers and played in the garden with her today seeing as it’s such a lovely day. How was mam?”

I open a cupboard and pull out a casserole dish as I pull out some chicken from the fridge and cut it up. Placing it into the casserole dish with a jar of curry sauce I listen to my father as I smile in delight at what he’s telling me.

“Oh Megan what a difference from yesterday! I could barely believe it was the same person! She was absolutely thrilled to see Ant. He’d got me to stop at the hospital shop and he chose mam a small pad and pen, a puzzle book and a novel. When she saw Ant with me she sat upright in bed telling the nurses that he was her son and then making him give her a hug. After she’d asking him all about school Ant started telling her about Rory and how you’d said he could have friends around on his birthday and again on Saturday for a party.

I was terrified that might set her off but it had the opposite effect! She used the pad and pen to list some ideas to buy presents for Rory, then on another page all the things you could make for snacks and then on another games for Saturday. I hardly got a word in as she beamed at me feeling she was part of something again only getting low when it dawned on her she probably wouldn’t be home for any of it. Ant turned that around too though asking if she had her phone, which she did as I’d taken it up for her, so he showed her how to FaceTime and he said he’d see if Theresa would let Rory use her iPad so your mam can FaceTime him on his birthday and on Saturday.”

“Oh dad that sounds amazing! I’m sure Theresa will help with that.”

“You know she even made lists for me. I got a bit of a bum kicking but you know what, I loved it! That’s the Mary Catalina that I fell in love with.”

He hands me two small pieces of paper from his smart trouser’s pockets. I unfold them and read them. The first, written in my mam’s neat handwriting reads:

Make sure Megan has enough money for food every week

Get Megan to open and deal with mail (give her money for bills when needed)

Remember the kids homework

Get everyone to help with the housework

Don’t forget bin day on Tuesdays!

I smile at how often mam wrote my name knowing how her and I have struggled for so long. I chuckle at the thought of dad helping with homework too, but then mam didn’t exactly help either always sending us to older siblings instead. I put the list under the other one and begin reading that one too. This one has a title:

Rory’s birthday

Give Megan or Theresa money and get them to get Rory a gift from mam and dad. Make sure they wrap and label it too. See list I gave Ant for ideas

Give one of the older kids money to get Rory a birthday cake. Don’t forget candles in the kitchen drawer and matches hidden on top of the kitchen cupboard.

Buy a birthday card with a badge. He’ll want a badge to wear to school.

Buy a banner and tape to the front door before he gets home from school.

Don’t forget balloons!

Make his favourite tea: pizza.

I look up at dad who has put his youngest daughter in her high chair and handed her a toy. He smiles at me then puts his hand in his suit jacket pocket and pulls out his wallet.

“So I guess I had better do as she says eh! So…money for food…is £200 enough for now? And then all that birthday stuff? Say, another hundred? You can just give me back what you don’t need or keep it for the bills. I already gave Theresa what she spent on food. I just wasn’t thinking. Your mam just keep me right you see. I’m lost without her. Born organiser that woman. You ok with that birthday list? Seems a bit much to me but you know what your mam’s like.”

“I kinda feel bad now. I hadn’t even thought about a banner or balloons. Talking about Thursday dad I have a big favour to ask. Could you pass me the pan from the rack please. Thanks’

Dad passes me the pot as I measure out rice for the curry as he looks at me inquisitively.

“Go on”

“You know I look after a disabled girl, Chelsea McGintley? Well on Thursday her mam has a hospital appointment and her dad has a meeting he can’t get out of for work and they’re really stuck for someone to watch Chelsea for a few hours until her mam gets home.”

“So you’re saying you won’t be here for Rory are you? After saying his friends can come too.”

“Actually I was thinking of bringing Chelsea here. The boys and Yasmin have already met her. Remember I took them last week to pick her up from school? It’s just a couple of hours, maybe not even that. She’s no trouble, honestly. She can’t talk or anything but she’s so lovely. Her mam’s going to see if the school bus will drop her here but otherwise I’d need to get her. I might see if they’ll let me get her early so I’m here for Rory after school. It’s just this once, honest dad.”

“It sounds like you’ve got it all planned already.”

I look at him trying to read his face. He smiles and winks at me.

“You’re more like your mam than you realise .Megan. Ok. As long as it’s just this once. Just a few hours. I think you should tell Rory though, seeing as it’s his birthday. So, I’ll leave that birthday list with you and I can cross off most of my list too. Curry tonight? Mmm. Let me know when it’s ready. I don’t want to miss that!”

I finish making dinner opting for something less spicy for Yasmin and making her some macaroni cheese which she loves. After dinner I check the boys school bags and get uniforms organised then run myself a bath and get an early night, texting Liam just before I go to sleep.

Monday I’m bleeding heavy and tired so I stay home with Yasmin other than a trip to Tesco to do a big shop. It tires both of us out even with getting a taxi home and by the time I’ve put it all away and made lunch we’re both in need of a nap. I wake in plenty time for the boys coming home and manage to do some basic tidying and reserve a few things at Argos for Thursday. Aisling calls to say mam was bright and chatty when she went to see her making lists of things for her that she’ll need for the baby. Dad has the night off visiting as Shaun and Lilly pop up and I’m grateful to not be working as I head to bed earlier wondering how Liam got on at his first day back at work.

*292*2021-10-31 22:01

Chapter 156

Liam

Tuesday and Wednesday go pretty quickly what with being back at work full time. It feels just like being back in England getting up at the same time every day and coming home at the same time. Gareth texts on Wednesday morning and I reply in my break. He’s booked a hotel in Chester and will definitely be there on Monday. He asks when I’m arriving in England and if I’m flying or coming on the ferry. I reply ‘probably ferry’ and he’s shocked I haven’t got the tickets yet. He’s arriving on Sunday morning so if I’m arriving later than that and need picked up anywhere he very kindly offers to help. I feel blessed to have such a great mate and promise him I’ll book the ferry that night.

Megan is really busy organising things for her brother’s birthday and when she texts at lunchtime saying her brother in law has been to see her mam and that her mam is getting better by the day I wonder how my own mum is doing in Spain. I haven’t heard back from Leah every since the last time she called suggesting I should be prioritising my estranged mum in Spain over the aunt who devoted years to caring for me when my mum abandoned me. I never have heard anything from any consultant at the hospital in Spain, despite what Leah expected.

I rush home after work Wednesday with a list of things I need to do and, as ever, an extremely full bladder. I go straight to the toilet before anything else then put something in the oven for dinner as I work through my list. I start by looking at ferry tickets from Belfast to England. I know I should reserve one adult ticket but just as I am about to do so my doorbell goes. I go to answer the door finding a parcel on my doorstep addressed to me. I look around but don’t see anyone as I take in the parcel and open it. I’m gobsmacked to find it’s a pair of smart mens black formal shoes in my exact size! There’s no note or any trace of who sent them as I tie them up and walk around in them feeling amazed at the unexpected gift. I take a photo and text Megan right away. She replies immediately in awe and wonder and asks if she can call me as she’s at the Bangor public gardens with Chelsea.

I love hearing from Megan so happily say yes. Her voice gives me the chills as her beautiful authentic Irish accent thrills me. She’s finally all organised for tomorrow and Chelsea’s school bus is dropping her at Megan’s as a one off, much to her relief. However she’s still stuck with how to get Chelsea inside the house due to her front steps. I ask if the wheelchair might bump up like a pram but Megan isn’t sure. I ask if there’s anything solid she can use as a makeshift ramp but she can’t think of anything either. My only other solution is carrying the child in but with Megan being small she’s worried that might be dangerous. Before I realise what I’ve even said I offer to help if she’d like and immediately she agrees.

We quickly talk about times and Megan thinks Chelsea should arrive at hers around 4. I haven’t been finishing work until 4:30 but Megan still thinks it might work as the weather is predicted to be warm and she’s apparently got a nerf gun fight organised in the garden that Chelsea can watch until I arrive to hopefully get her inside. My heart flutters at the mere thought of seeing Megan in the flesh again, having not seen her at all since Sunday.

By the time it’s all agreed my oven is beeping to say my dinner is cooked and I completely forget I still haven’t booked ferry tickets to England!

After tea I watch a bit of TV before having a bath and heading to bed, reading not just Psalm 23 but the next one too before I sleep. The language is still confusing and complicated but I still feel compelled to read it anyway. I even find myself talking to God as if he’s in the room just like Father Reilly did at chapel. I don’t know any of the prayers that were repeated at St. Mary’s so I make my own up hoping God doesn’t mind.

I don’t feel quite as lonely as I did before Sunday but still I wish with all my heart that Megan was lying beside me like she was 11 nights ago, the last time I got to make love to her, the last time I got to properly feel her body next to mine. I can’t imagine ever sharing my bed, or my life, with anyone else but her. I don’t even want to think about leaving Bangor at the weekend without her.

*293*2021-11-01 12:07

Chapter 157

Megan

I’m surprisingly grateful for mam’s list as I tick off the items on the birthday list one by one making sure everything is organised both for Thursday and Saturday. In between all the extra organising there’s things to pick up from the retail park, deliveries to be in for and the usual juggling of housework, looking after Yasmin and my part-time job.

The closer if gets to Thursday though the more I am starting to panic about how I will get Chelsea in the house without all the adaptions her own family home has. Wednesday I wheel Chelsea around the beautiful Bangor public gardens as we watch the birds and butterflies and have an ice cream from the kiosk. I am just talking away to Chelsea, telling her about Rory and his birthday, when my phone beeps with a text message. The photo of the brand new black shoes amazes me as I wonder who might have bought them for Liam and how they knew his size and even his address! I show Chelsea the photo too and I’m sure she understands as the edges of her mouth turns upwards and her eyes turn from the phone back to me. Looking at her I notice she’s sitting at a slight angle in her chair so I bend down to adjust her body realising she’s not nearly as light as I expected. How on earth will I get her safely into my house tomorrow?

I call Liam and talk through my concerns and almost cry when he agrees to pop round after work to help me carry her in. My plans for the boys to start in the back garden with a nerf gun and water gun fight while I prepare some snacks means I should be able to amuse Chelsea around the back until Liam arrives. I just pray the weather stays as beautiful as it is today.

Everything seems to be going well on Thursday morning as I wake Rory up by singing happy birthday and he opens one gift before school as well as a couple of cards over breakfast, super excited to put on a birthday badge for school just like mam predicted. Ant promises a surprise from mam later as he winks at me and smiles at his brother when we both notice his slight sadness at seeing his mam’s handwriting in the card. I wave them off to school and then get Yasmin organised before undertaking operation ‘prepare the Murphy house’ for after school. It’s a job to wrap last minute deliveries from Niamh and Iain whilst keeping Yasmin away from the rustling paper, but finally it’s all ready and I send a photo to mam. She doesn’t reply but I didn’t really expect her to anyway. It’s probably not anywhere near as good as she’d have done anyway. Nothing I do is ever good enough for mam.

Aisling drops a wrapped gift off for her brother just before lunch before she heads off to see mam. Since Anthony’s visit on Sunday mam seems to have been improving so much and Aisling tells me there’s even talk of her getting discharged soon. I look over at Yasmin sitting on the floor playing contentedly and wonder what the impact on her of mam possibly coming home soon will be. Will she be back to being stuck in her jumperoo that’s she’s beginning to outgrow now or will mam just keep handing her to me whenever it suits her? Now knowing so much more from dad I worry even more about her future.

After lunch Yasmin has a nap while I strip the beds and remake them with fresh bedding, realising they haven’t been done since Lilly was over when mam first went into hospital. I don’t want Rory’s friends going back to their families saying we didn’t even have clean duvet covers on our beds as I load the washing machine with bedding from the boys room then return upstairs to do mine and Theresa’s. Stripping my bed I come across the notes and bookmark from Liam as I pause to reread them and hold them close.

The bookmark especially makes me pause as the words ‘sometimes our most desperate situations lead to our most beautiful moments’ really seem to come alive as I think back to the incredible times I have had with Liam, from meeting him in the launderette, to the library, finding him outside chapel, then again at St Mary’s on my brother’s first communion when I was so desperate I peed behind the chapel, and then the day my mam was taken to hospital after taking an overdose. I cuddle the precious items to my chest as I close my eyes and remember the night I stayed over at Liam’s and the time days later just after his aunt had died and I popped round with Yasmin and ended up peeing over the leg of his jeans. I whisper into the empty room, “I love you so much Liam Jude” as I finish making the beds and pop the things back under my pillow.

Just before Yasmin wakes I fill some buckets of water and I open the Nerf guns and water pistols I ordered and set up some balloons on the back wall of the garden for targets, knowing full well that the boys will no doubt enjoy firing the guns as much at each other as they will the balloons. I carry Yasmin’s high chair outside so she can sit out and watch too as I put my home made poster on the front door saying ‘Water and Nerf gun fight this way. ‘ then head back inside to change into shorts and t-shirt with my swimming costume on under them just incase the boys decide to get me wet too.

With so many surprises lined up for Rory I just hope he has a brilliant day and that I somehow manage four primary school boys, a severely disabled 9 year old girl and my baby sister pretty much alone until my older sister and my dad get in from work and my boyfriend is able to help get Chelsea in the house too. The only bonus tonight is that mam convinced dad to order take away pizza for when he gets home from work later on as a birthday treat for Rory. At least one bonus is I don’t need to cook or wash up much when everyone’s gone.

*294*2021-11-01 17:09

Chapter 158

Liam

I forget just how tiring working full time is as by Thursday my legs are weary and my back sore from all the bending. Shaun asks us all to concentrate on the tourist and busier areas with the Easter holidays approaching soon and the current beautiful weather. I was hoping for a more local route, perhaps the high street or sea front or even some of the housing estates like Bloomfield which would make getting round to Megan’s straight from work easier. Instead I’m whisked off in the minibus with Ryan and some others to the country park as the good weather is bringing out crowds of people to enjoy the walks, the Bangor National gardens and the large children’s play area and skate park. I’m tempted to text Megan and let her know but I don’t want her worrying that I will be late.

The park is very busy for a midweek morning with dog walkers, families with young children and even a keep fit type group exercising along to music on a large grass area. I’ve been to the country park before to work so I know my way around though I stick closely to Ryan anyway just in case. Within 90 minutes of starting we both have full bags as we take them to one of the designated pick up points and resume working until lunch. I’m grateful for a seat on a bench to eat my packed lunch and even more grateful for my bottle of water as even in the shade it’s still warm. Seeing the dry grass it’s hard to believe that just last week it was hammering with rain for days. Ryan tells me that it’s rarely this warm in April in Bangor and that maybe I must be lucky or something. It makes me think once again about the mystery delivery of smart shoes as I wonder once more who might have bought them.

I’m still thirsty even after my bottle of water so I queue at the van selling ice creams and buy myself a cold can of sprite. With no way of closing it to take it with me I have to drink it all before we return to work. That turns out to be a bit of an ill thought out plan as within an hour of resuming work I can feel myself beginning to need a piss. Looking at Ryan reminds me of the last time I worked this route and found myself squirming in the van on the way back to the council headquarters and the other guys laughing at me asking why I didn’t just go at a tree in the park like the rest of them did. As my need gets more uncomfortable and annoying I actually begin to do exactly that as I start actively looking for somewhere hidden and discreet where I can piss. Unlike the last time I was here though the park is busy in every direction and by mid afternoon I still haven’t been able to find anywhere to go.

Ryan shouts over that his bag is full so we start walking towards the gates again to leave the tied up bags to be uplifted. As embarrassing as it I get closer to Ryan and quietly ask him if there’s any public toilets in the park at all. He shrugs and looks at his watch.

“Only got an hour to go mate. Haven’t got a clue if there’s any toilets. If there is I’d imagine they are way back by the big play park but I’m not even sure if they will be open. We’ve just got the skatepark area to do now anyway.”

I don’t reply because I’m not sure what to say. I’d gladly walk to the play park and check if there’s any toilets and see if they are open but we’re supposed to stay together and it wouldn’t be fair to leave Ryan to do the entire skatepark himself so I leave my bag, start a new one and walk behind Ryan hoping the hour passes quickly. I’m delighted to see the minibus already waiting for us at 4:15 as I sit with my legs crossed looking out the window wondering how Megan is getting on with the party at hers and hoping she’s ok looking after so many kids. As if she knows I’m thinking of her she texts me a short video of Yasmin laughing in her high chair contagiously as the camera turns to show three boys chasing each other around a slabbed garden area with water pistols and nerf guns. I reply saying how much I love the video and asking if she’s ok.

“Having a gr8 time. Chelsea not long arrived and enjoying the watching the boys. Anthony pushed the wheelchair around into the back garden for me while I watched the boys and Y. Can’t wait to see you. Keeping the cake for when you get here.”

I look up from the phone to see we’re almost at the council building finally as I toy with going in and using the toilet first before going to Megan’s but the only ones I know of are on the 3rd floor and getting to them would mean keeping Megan and Chelsea waiting, as well as holding up young Rory getting his birthday cake. I’m sure Megan will let me nip to her bathroom quickly before I carry Chelsea inside, so despite being bursting I get off the minibus behind Ryan and run past the fountain that forever taunts me and jog towards The Bloomfield estate, every step making my need to pee so much worse.

*295*2021-11-02 09:14

Chapter 159

Megan

I see Anthony and Rory walking towards the house with another two boys and an older lady. As they approach the front door I can hear their excited chatter and Rory delightedly pointing out the birthday banner and balloons on the door. I pick up Yasmin and open the front door before closing it over again so the boys can see my sign.

“Happy birthday Rory and welcome home! So anyone up for a nerf and water fight in the back garden? Hi, I’m Megan, Rory’s older sister. You don’t mind your son getting a little wet do you? I’ll make sure he’s not soaked or anything.”

“He’s my grandson. I’m sure that’ll be ok. His mum will come pick him up later. 5:30 ok?”

“Perfect. He’s still ok for Saturday too?”

“He can’t wait. Thanks for having him over. Oscar, promise me you’ll be on your best behaviour for the Murphys…and don’t forget the present in your bag too!”

“Yes gran. I’ve got my PE kit in my bag. Can I change into that for the water fight?”

I smile thinking this is a great idea.

“Actually Oscar that’s a great idea. Do you have PE kit too?”

I look at the other excited young boy. He nods and I open the front door telling the boys to go upstairs and get changed in the boys bedroom then Rory will show them to the back garden. I wave to Oscar’s gran as she walks away and I close the front door as the four boys rush upstairs and I hear the bathroom door closing and boys chatting loudly as they go to get ready. Still holding Yasmin I head to the kitchen and pour out some juice for them all and take the cellophane off the plates of snacks on the dining table. I plan to save the cake for a bit later when they all come inside to see Rory open his gifts which are all sitting in a neat pile in the living room surrounded by balloons. Yasmin pulls herself towards the snacks in my arms so I hand her something to keep her quiet and open the back door in anticipation of the stampede about to unfold.

Within minutes three excited young boys race down and out the back door in their shorts and t-shirts into the lovely spring weather as they grab water pistols and nerf guns and load them.

“Hey look at this one!”

“What you doing firing me like that?”

“Bet you can’t catch me!”

I strap Yasmin in her high chair as she avidly watches her younger brother and his friends playing as she munches on her fairy cake messily. I grab myself a drink and take one of the dining chairs out to join her as I watch the boys excitedly playing and trying to hit the targets with both water and nerf pellets. I let them play away for a while keeping a close eye on the time for Chelsea’s bus. Anthony comes out to see what’s going on as he stands at the back door asking when would be a good time to FaceTime mam. I suggest once Rory’s friends have gone home and he nods happily before grabbing a chair and coming out himself.

“This looks fun.”

“You’re not too old to join in you know.”

“I will if you will.”

Anthony grabs a water pistol and starts firing it at me, the cold water making me scream but laugh at the same time as Yasmin starts laughing so hard I have to stop to film her as I grab a gun and squirt Anthony back getting water right down the back of his t-shirt making him jump with the cold.

“I’ll get you back for that Meg!” Which he does catching my hair and my front with freezing cold water as my top changes colour and begins to cling to me. As the boys get a bit silly themselves with excitement I call to them that there’s snacks inside and all three drop their ammunitions and race towards the back stairs and kitchen. I suggest bringing seats out which they all do before going back in and getting plates of food and drink. While they are all happily eating I hear the school bus toot and Anthony, bless him, puts his plate of food on his seat and comes down the side of the house to help me in with Chelsea. I put the brakes on her chair, pour some juice in a non spill cup and help her have some and then feed her small pieces of sandwiches and fairy cakes as the boys finish their snacks and resume their games as Yasmin starts laughing again and Chelsea moves her arms excitedly.

It thankfully seems like Rory is having a great time as I take a moment to have some food and drink myself as I wait patiently for dad and Theresa to get back from work and Liam to arrive to help me inside with Chelsea. I snap some pics on my phone of everyone and even call the boys over to stand behind the wheelchair and high chair as I get a great smiling pic of everyone with Rory actually holding Chelsea’s hand sweetly like he’s known her forever and not just met her for the first time last week.

*296*2021-11-02 16:17

Chapter 160

Liam

I can hear laughter and screaming as I get closer to 25 Woodburn Close and my heart skips a bear as I recognise instantly the unmistakable beautiful laugh of Megan Murphy. I can’t wait to see her despite urgently needing to piss. I follow the noise towards the back garden where I see Yasmin giggling in a high chair, Chelsea flapping in her wheelchair, her head nodding in happiness and four boys and Megan having what looks like great fun with water pistols and nerf guns. Megan turns as she sees me as my eyes bulge seeing her soaking wet top clinging to her shapely gorgeous breasts, her nipples very obvious and her shorts showing off her wonderful legs. She looks the epitome of beauty, the definition of sexy, as I gawp at her helplessly.

She holds a water pistol up towards me smiling.

“You dare me?”

I’m sweating from work anyway and my clothes are going in the wash the minute I get home so I put my litter picker down, take my high visibility jacket off, dumping it on the ground, and allow my girlfriend to fire freezing cold water at me wherever she likes as I raise both hands in the air in submission. She sprays me laughing until the pistol is completely empty, my shirt wet and the top of my jeans a different colour to the rest. As I notice the gun is empty I move my arms more to my side holding them out for a hug from the most wonderful girl who ever existed. She drops the gun and happily runs into my arms as I kiss her on the top of her head and whisper down to her.

“It’s so good to see you. You look amazing.”

She steps back to eye me from my head to my feet. Smiling and giggling she looks up at me, still in my arms, as the boys all laugh and shout behind her. “Likewise Liam…though you do look like you’ve had a bit of an accident there.” She looks at my crotch as I blush and she winks at me. I pull her towards me again as I have to let go of one of her hands to grab my crotch desperately as I whisper down to her blushing more.

“Actually I almost am! Could I possibly use your bathroom sweetheart. I haven’t been able to go all day and I’m seriously desperate.”

I can’t help biting my lip and frowning pleading with her with my eyes to release me to run inside to her bathroom. Her eyes sparkle in that way I know and adore so much and her mouth opens as I’m sure she’s about to say yes when something suddenly stops her.

“Meg! Meg!”

She turns to look at the boys as her youngest brother calls her.

“Meg, is it ok if Callum uses our toilet. He’s bursting!”

I see one of the boys with his head down and his hand in front of his shorts awkwardly as my heart sinks at what Megan says so innocently and naturally.

“Goodness of course! If anyone else wants to go now would be a great time to go because once I get the girls inside it’ll be time to get the birthday cake out.”

I watch in shock as all the boys apart from the oldest one run inside as my heart sinks at the inevitable; I’m going to have to somehow hang on a bit longer yet. Megan smiles at me sheepishly and whispers kindly, “I hope you don’t mind the kids going first. I promise you can go too very shortly.” I smile back too embarrassed to say anything especially as her brother steps closer.

“Anything I can do to help Megan?”

“Could you get Yasmin in for me please? Just put her in her jumperoo for a minute until we get Chelsea inside then if you would be able to get her high chair in that would be a great help too. Thanks Anthony.”

Megan then turns to Chelsea.

“Right cutie. Let’s see if we can get you inside ready for some birthday cake too. We can’t have you missing out now can we?”

I watch as she unclips the straps holding Chelsea securely in her chair holding her body firmly so she doesn’t accidentally slide out. The older boy lifts Yasmin out her high chair effortlessly as I turn away from him grabbing my crotch trying so desperately to keep my bladder at bay just a bit longer. I move from foot to foot anxiously as Megan turns to talk to me.

“You sure you’ll be ok lifting her?”

“Yeah”

Megan looks at my hands as I bend down.

“You might be better washing your hands first? There’s soap at the kitchen sink.”

I look at my hands having forgotten that I’ve just spent the day picking up rubbish for a living as I blush and apologise before going up the steep back stairs into Megan’s kitchen. I dance about clutching between my legs desperately as I pump some soap onto my hands and wash them thoroughly before looking around for a towel. As Megan’s older brother walks through again to get the high chair I thrust my crotch into the kitchen counter as hard as I can trying to disguise how close I am to pissing myself, the wetness in that area from the water pistol making holding even harder than before. I dry my hands and head back out to Megan and Chelsea more desperate to go than ever before. There’s no way I can lift Chelsea and carry her inside without using the bathroom first. I can feel my penis on the verge of erupting any second.

I wait at the top of the back steps as the older boy carries in Yasmin’s high chair as I watch Megan trying to support Chelsea as she waits for me. The whole time I stand there my penis is throbbing in my damp jeans threatening to erupt with warm liquid any second. I just know I’m going to have an accident and the thought terrifies me. After the lad passes me I take the stairs so quickly I almost fall over as I can hear my own heart beating I’m so consumed by my need to piss. I bend forward holding myself panting, my head right in front of Chelsea’s and touching Megan’s.

“I gotta piss so bad! I’m not gonna make it to the toilet. Oh God its dribbling out!”

Megan kisses me lightly on the cheek, promises it’ll be ok, then she quickly clicks Chelsea’s belt back on and whispers to me to go against the wall of the stairs quickly while she keeps the boys inside. Before she’s even at the top of the stairs I have my zip down, my penis out and urine is bursting out of me so urgently I can barely stand. I stumble as close to the wall as I can hearing Megan telling the boys to stand beside Rory in the kitchen behind the table to give me room to bring Chelsea in before she lights the candles on the cake.

Only the marvellous Megan has any idea what’s delaying me and I’m so relieved about that, in more ways than one now.

*297*2021-11-02 19:51

Hi readers, it’s now 96 days since I started this novel so wondering if people are still ok with 2 chapters a day or wanting more or less? I am writing this as I go along so happy to go at whatever pace suits those who are reading along.

Huge thanks for continuing to read every day and please stay with Megan and Liam and still plenty to go yet!

