Suppressed Memories- An Agents of SHIELD fanfiction

Author: Sexy Gleeky Bitch

*000*2013-11-24 20:55

I wrote this at 11 last night, but I still think it's pretty good. It's what I got from the latest episode of Marvel Agents of SHIELD (1x08). I know it is a very short one-shot, but I still hope that you enjoy!

###

The memory Grant kept buried. He kept it buried for more than one reason.

The constant emotional pain. Pure hatred towards his older brother. The pain in his younger brother’s voice, echoing up from the bottom of the well as he cried for help. Even after so many years, he still couldn’t shake the thought that if he hadn’t thrown the rope when he did, his brother could’ve drowned.

The nightmares. Always changing, but always the same. His brother not making it out of the well. Being thrown in after him. Drowning. Every time they hurt. The small details that changed never blurring the terrifying bigger picture. That his brother could have died because of him.

The last thing. The one thing that no grown man should have to worry about. It plagued him for months after the incident. Every evening, he would go to bed, hoping it wouldn’t happen. Every night, it did. Every morning, he would wake up disappointed, ashamed, embarrassed.

Grant pushed all other thought aside as he gathered his wet sheets. He was fed up of it. Stopping to set his sheets to wash, he headed to Agent May’s room. Maybe he did need to talk about it. Anything to stop wetting the bed.

###

And I also have ideas for a Skye/Jemma wetting fiction, who would want to read it?

