The Boy Who Peed His Pants Like a Girl

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-11-22 02:45

When Miss Barnes turned toward the black board, Alice texted her best friend Millie across the room, “Watch Robbie.” Robbie was a shy and quiet boy in the seventh grade class, rather bookish, and with a tendency to stare at things, often girls. Alice and Millie thought Robbie rather nerdy, and often teased him about his curly hair and preppy clothes. Robbie never wore jeans or tee shirts, but trousers and button-down shirts, or shorts and polo shirts in warm weather. Robbie was different, that was certain; and being different in seventh grade invites aggravation.

Millie looked at Robbie, then shrugged her shoulders. “What?” she texted.

“Under his desk,” came back Alice’s reply.

Glancing at Miss Barnes and finding her still occupied at the black board, Millie leaned down and looked. She gasped audibly, clasping a hand to her mouth.

“No talking, Class.” This from Miss Barnes; but she didn’t turn around.

“He’s playing with himself,” Millie texted.

“No S!” came back Alice.

“R going to p his pnts,” flashed on Millie’s screen. She glanced at Jeff; he always texted in abbreviations. Jeff winked and grinned. Millie leaned down for another look. Jeff was right! Robbie was holding his legs together and squeezing his penis. His face showed strain, tension.

Jeff had texted Alice, too, and her excited words flashed on Millie’s screen, “Jeff says Robbie is going to pee his pants.”

Millie shot Alice a glance, and almost giggled. Alice was moving her thighs up and down. Millie knew that feeling between her own legs. Young sex was about to be titillated.

“4 milk no br,” texted Jeff. Both girls surpressed giggles. Robbie liked his milk. Always he drank two at lunch, sometimes three. But four! That was a whole quart. And he didn’t go to the bathroom.

“Why no br?” sent Alice.

“Line,” came back the reply. Alice shared this information with Millie. “Robbie must be bursting.”

Alice was right. Robbie was bursting – or about to burst. Already his underpants were damp with a squirt of pee that escaped when Miss Barnes had called on him earlier. Robbie knew he ought to raise his hand and ask to be excused; Miss Barnes was an understanding teacher; but the snickers from his classmates – these Robbie couldn’t face. But wouldn’t it be worse to pee his pants? Robbie grimaced and squeezed himself harder, pushing his penis further between his clenched thighs.

With a shudder and a squirt, Robbie remembered the Summer’s Boy Scout camp. His troop had pitched its tents in a nice shady woods, but it was a good walk to the bathroom. The first night, Robbie awoke to the need to pee. Unzipping his sleeping bag, he crawled out and started for the bathroom. The night was dark and windy. Shadows danced in the moon light. Robbie thought of the ghost stories Mr. Nelson had told around the camp fire. Nocturnal eyes glowed from the woods; a twig broke; Robbie looked this way and that, ran into a tree, and peed his pajamas.

Back at his tent, Robbie pulled off his wet PJs and hung them on the clothes line, then crawled back into his sleeping bag. Laughter woke him at first light. The dark stains on his PJ’s told the tale. He was Pee Pants Robbie the rest of the week.

Robbie shuddered at the memory. Would it happen again?

“Millie, come to the board and work problem six,” invited Miss Barnes. For the next couple of minutes, Millie forgot Robbie, concentrating her work. “Good, Millie,” complimented Miss Barnes. “Class, notice the parentheses here and here; always work within the parentheses first.”

Millie returned to her desk, dropping her pencil to gain a glance under Robbie’s desk. Robbie’s thighs were trembling with tension, and he was sweating. Was that a little pee stain in Robbie’s crotch? Back in her seat, she texted Alice, “I bet he’s wet already.”

Millie squeeked, as she serpressed a giggle. Miss Barnes glanced in Millie’s direction, but said nothing.

Robbie was desperate. His bladder ached; his penis felt like pee was pushing at its very tip; his damp underpants make holding only harder. If he continued sitting in class, Robbie knew he was going to pee his pants. If he got up to run to the bathroom, he’d pee himself, too. “Please, please,” Robbie prayed; “Please let class be over soon.”

That’s when it happened. A little tickle in his nose. Robbie twitched his nose and sniffed. He withdrew a hand from under his desk and rubbed his nose vigorously.

Relentlessly the sneeze built in Robbie’s nasal passages. He huffed. He pressed a finger under his nose. He huffed again, and again, and then, “Achoo! Achoo! Achoo! Achoo!” Four sneezes exploded in quick succession.

“Bless you,” said Miss Barnes.

Robbie sat stone-still; his face was ashen. Pee dripped from his chair and puddled on the floor.

Sliding her chair away from Robbie a girl screamed, “Robbie’s peeing his pants!” Laughter pealed through the classroom.

“Run to the bathroom, Robbie,” pointed Miss Barnes. When Robbie hesitated, “Go now.”

Robbie got up and waddled toward the door, his thighs still pressed together, and covering his crotch with his hands.

“Robbie pees his pants like a girl!” exclaimed Jeff. “His bottom’s soaked and his crotch, but there’s nothing on the front of his pants.”

“Maybe he is a girl,” spoke up another boy. “Maybe he doesn’t have a penis.”

Everyone roared with laughter. Miss Barnes struggled in vain to restore order. Alice and Millie tingled at the thought of finding out if Robbie had a penis. Poor Robbie ran crying toward the bathroom, pee still dripping from his pants legs.

