Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 18

Author: Alexxx

*425*2014-06-18 20:43

(Thank you everyone. You're the best fans I could ask for "3)

(Nova POV)

“Innnnferno!”

“Zaaaah!” I roared back, flaring my wings. "Outrage, Josh?"

"Fly! You have an advantage; use it!"

I lunged off the ground just as the Infernape leapt to strike me, her fists missing my inches. I twisted in a loop and dove, striking the Infernape at her core and flipping her backwards.

"Excellent! Now use Dragon Pulse!"

She caught herself on her hands, springing backwards and pounded me with her feet. I stumbled backwards, wincing while blasting a torrent of white-hot dragon fire.

Sidestepping the flame, she turned and bashed her foot into my face, disorienting me further while knocking me to the ground. I bellowed another gout of dragon flames as she bounded into the air, my flames blasting her out of the sky and denting the opposing steel wall with her body.

Josh nodded, a smile on his face I hadn’t seen in a while. I remembered the first fight with the Onix, with the Pikachu, and the fights at the grass gym, that look of approval, of happiness, of pride.

"You did it, Nova."

I did it. I forgot about Vortex; this was just me and Josh against the Champion, and I held my own.

"Yeah." I tittered in return, blinking in slight disbelief.

"I’m going to need you to continue fighting. I won’t be disappointed if you faint, I just need you to get damage on the next Pokémon."

"Okay!" I nodded confidently.

“Go, Greed!” Sandy commanded, sending out a short, unnaturally thin Pokémon with glittery, gemstone eyes and twitchy purple limbs.

###

I didn’t need an order to know what to do next. Rage washed over my mind as I felt my draconic heritage mesh with my physical body, augmenting my corporeal being with ancient potency.

I lunged at the purple demon, but the Sableye scoffed and melded into nothingness, reappearing behind me and socking me in the back of the neck. My rage slipped my mind as my face met the tiled floor, cracking the linoleum in a wave of synthetic bass.

My wings jerked me off the ground, and I spun and struck the gem-eyed monstrosity. He took the attack in full. Gems spilled out of his mouth as he laughed, seemingly impervious to my swirling, prismic claws. I swiped at him again, but once more he phased out of existence.

The Sableye stuck me again, and a feeling of atrophy and disorientation flowed through my being.

I roared in frustration, standing purely by my inhuman draconic will. "How can I hit it!?" I screamed, missing once again what should’ve been a debilitating blow. "It keeps teleporting!"

"You have-" I startled Josh with a brutal thwack, interrupting the Sableye teleport by slashing it across the chest, and spilling small precious stones all across the floor. "It."

"Return." Sandy smirked, returning the unconscious Sableye to its Pokéball.

"Return." Josh nodded at me. I stumbled to his side, sapped of all resolve. He looked down at me and smiled. "You were amazing out there."

"Yeah," I laughed, finally believing him. "Thanks."

###

(Myst POV)

"Go, Sloth!"

"Go, Myst!"

An Alakazam rested on his chest, twirling a spoon idly between his fingers. My fur bristled as illusions danced out of my form, daring the Alakazam to guess which was real.

"Child," Sloth scoffed, "As if a mere misguidance could deter a mind such as mine."

One of my illusions cast a black hand of shadow at the Alakazam, but she ignored it and instead blocked my actual attack – a Dark Pulse I had cleverly disguised as just another throb of blue light. Her spoon vibrated with energy, absorbing the blast, and redirecting it back at me as a stream of repugnant emerald energy.

I growled in pain, my illusions vanishing with my lack of concentration. Sloth merely smirked, twirling her spoon with passive, apathetic eyes.

I took a breath and extended my mind, allowing my illusions once again to flood the battlefield. Sloth gave a condescending snort, gazing at her spoon with weary indifference.

"The spoon, Myst!" Josh implored, "Concentrate on the spoon!"

The spoon. I saw my eyes inside it and only my eyes. I didn’t extend my illusions into the spoon itself; that’s how she knew!

I quickly created another illusion in the spoon, and dodged a blast of variant energy that would have meant my doom.

The Alakazam grimaced, clutching her spoon and cleansing it of my influence. "You think your flitting phantasms can have any effect on a mind as powerful as mine? Your make-believe and misdirection may work on others, but trifling shadows have never held a place amongst the gods!"

"I’ll happily be the first, then." I chuckled theatrically, the lights dimming with each resounding beat. Sloth looked around wildly, only seeing a glimmer of reality within her spoon, and shot bursts of green energy randomly into my darkness. I scoffed, ensuring the sound resounded around the arena.

Sloth stood, gazing at the spoon’s reflection with a sense of dread. I kicked it out of her paw, and smashed my fist into her throat. My shadow fades away, no longer needed with my foe vanquished.

"Excellent work, Myst."

I smirked, my tail whipping behind me as I walked to the sidelines. "Would you have expected any less?"

###

(Josh POV)

No reason to stop this streak. Let’s end this in style.

"Go, Mew!"

Mew coiled off my wrist and melded onto the battlefield in a whip of pink slime. He beamed, disorienting the air in a show of prowess before adopting a battle stance.

The music stuttered before resuming its normal rhythm. I glanced up at Sandy and saw her eyes glistening, pain written into her face.

I never…assumed she was a sore loser?

"Are…you alright?" I asked, prodding her thoughts with my own.

She glanced up, tears gone, but pain still cracking through her near-perfect façade. “So close. Gods, I thought you had it. It wouldn’t have been a complete victory, not a 6-0, but you still would have won.” She winced, clutching her turn table, her knuckles white. “Good game, Josh Karren. Maybe in another day.” Her voice cracked, and she switched to Poke-speak.

"Go, Envy." Sandy continued, sending out her last Pokéball, which melted in her hand. A similar pink ooze made its way to the battlefield, taking the form of Mew.

She sighed, staring me with the look of someone who has made an impossible choice, and spoke two words that will dwell in my nightmares forever.

“Finish him.”

###

(Mew POV)

"Urrr…"

By all probability this match should have ended in a tie. It should have ended with a mortal striking down a god, but the god’s retribution ending the mortal as well. Envy being the heroic flaw that ended this fight; after all, I knew all his weaknesses. He was me; I was him. I had more prowess in this body, I knew its function and its power.

Why was I the one that fell?

Juice glimmered off the maw that wasn’t mine as I lay in the quiet state before complete obscurity, but after obvious defeat. I felt a foot drive itself into my back; my own paw set to betray me.

"You are god of nothing."

I was too exhausted to respond to Envy’s taunt. Too exhausted to think, to speak, to be. Darkness consumed me, the blessed mercy of unconsciousness being the incomprehension of one’s own failings.

That I had single-handedly doomed them all.

"Fun body. Let’s take it out for a spin."

###

(Josh POV)

Oh. God.

I realized the mistake I had made as soon as she sent out the Ditto, but what I hadn’t seen was the Sitrus berry hidden on the Ditto, which made the Ditto take his hits slightly better, and thus be just slightly faster than my Mew, which is all the difference that was needed.

He had over half health.

He had all of Mew’s moves.

He was stronger than every Pokémon on my team.

I took a breath, and calmed my thoughts. Stronger, perhaps, but faster, and not at an advantage. No, I was the one that still had that.

###

"Go, Myst!"

Myst’s body crunched against the wall, collapsing to the floor. The Ditto laughed aloud, paw smoking from the flame it had just conjured. "Come now, Trainer. From Alessandra’s complements I had expected more."

"Stop, Envy." Sandy’s detached, chilled thoughts echoed in our minds. "This isn’t the time."

The fake Mew sulked, crossing his paws. "As you wish, Master."

"Nova, go." I commanded. He looked at me with horror –I knew he would not be able to endure another hit. Maybe I thought he was faster. Maybe I thought he could dodge before getting a blow. It didn’t matter – his body fell just like Myst’s.

"It takes the enjoyment out of combat when I’m not allowed to mock my competition." Envy laughed, tossing Nova’s body at my feet like a ragdoll. "Where’s your sense of adventure? Where’s the cruel and lovely Alessandra I’ve come to trust and love?"

"Just do your damn job." Sandy glowered.

Two Pokéballs left, and one revive…

"What are you waiting for?" Oxygen snarled. "Send me out!"

I had no plan. "I…just…"

"Josh, come on." Static encouraged. "You can do this. We believe in you."

Oxygen goes out with the Focus Sash. He hits Ditto with a Hyperbeam before fainting. Static goes out and uses Fake Out…but that won’t be enough.

Static goes out. Fake out, then faints. Oxygen buys time while I use the restore on Static, then Oxygen faints. I give

Static the Focus Sash, he uses Fake Out then thunderbolt, but still…

I send Oxygen out to revive Mew, then Oxygen faints. I give Static the Focus Sash, then he uses Fake Out. On the second turn, I heal Mew back to full health. Static faints. Mew is back at full health to finish Ditto off, but…

…but that will be Mew’s victory. Not Static’s.

I rubbed my temple, contemplating the different, all equally poor strategies. This wasn’t how it was meant to happen. It needed to end with Static by my side, healthy and alive, and us both going into the Hall of Fame together, as one. That was our dream…

"I…can’t." I winced, grimacing at Static. "There’s no way where I can win with you being conscious. I don’t…want to win without you. This is as much your dream as it is mine! I can’t walk to the Hall without you. I can’t beat Sandy without you. If that means losing, I mean, we can always try again. There’s no rule against-"

"Are you serious!?" Static cried, his fists balled at his sides. "You want me to give you the ‘there’s no ‘I’ in team’ speech now!? I don’t care how we win, Josh, whether it’s me giving all I have or me waking up in a hospital bed! What matters is you winning this, and making this whole journey worth it! I don’t care if I faint, just make sure we-" Static motioned to me, to Nova and Myst, to Mew and Skarr, and to Oxygen. "Win. As a team."

I nodded slowly, exhaling. "Okay. I know what to do."

"I know." Static smirked, almost as if that cocky grin had never left his face. "Now just do it."

"Go, Oxygen!" I commanded, Oxygen bounding to the field with a crazed, violent grin. "Buy us time."

"I’ll do more than that." Oxygen nodded, vigorously cracking his paws.

$$

$$

$$

*428*2014-06-26 03:26

(Oxygen POV)

Double Team!

One of my duplicates was snared by the Ditto’s telekinetic wrath, crunching it very realistically and tossing it aside. I ducked under another telekinetic scythe, whirling my tail at the fictions god. A six foot translucent fist clenched around my chest, but my tail still swung true, smashing Envy in its core.

My eyes widened as my tail betrayed me, its electricity bounding up my leg and locking my muscles in place. The transparent arm squashed me in its grip, twisting awkwardly and throwing me to the ground.

Not betrayal. It’s the Mew’s trickery!

I hoisted myself off the glowing azure floor, paws clawing at the unnatural light. I knew I wasn’t meant to survive that blow; the Ditto’s face told me that much.

"I’ve healed Mew!" Josh exclaimed. "Hit him with everything now! Hyper Beam!"

The blue light shimmered beneath me as I charged my attack, my mouth glowing with the sapphire energy. Envy rose its hand to defend against me, but the paralysis proved too much and bound it in place.

Enough for one, perfect shot.

“Raaaai!” I howled as a blast of energy shattered into the fake Mew, whirling off its body in a blast of brilliance. It shielded itself with jerky palms, but the force of the attack proved too much, and forced him to the ground.

But he wasn’t out yet. With one, shaking paw, he sent a burst of psychic power. I couldn’t move – I couldn’t dodge after an attack like that – and it struck me without deviation, sending me sliding across the ground.

My last thought before going under wasn’t anger, or thoughts of revenge. It wasn’t self-pity, or disgust. As the thoughts drained from my mind, I was content.

"Return, Oxygen. You’ve been amazing; more than I ever could have hoped!"

Because now, my team could win.

###

(Static POV)

"Standard set! Send these sins back to the hell they’ve from!" Josh thundered, with a violent smile erupting across his face. I was happy to comply, a smile matching his carved across my face, nearly stretching to the streams of electricity coiling from my cheeks. Orange energy churned from my paws as I raced to finish Envy, and win the title of Champion for Josh, with our names carved in glory next to his, written forever in unchanging, permanent stone.

My muscles contracted fiercely, nearly causing me to lose my balance as I bounded across the stage, and I howled with confusion and pain.

"It stole Mew’s ability!" Josh hollered from the sidelines, making sense of the constricting current racing around myself. It didn’t matter – this was how it was meant to be. Focus Sash trailing off my head like a fighter, soaking away my insecurities as I raced towards victory, the first Pikachu in history to ever make it this far.

The Mew stopped me in midair, holding me in place inches in front of his face, and smirked. Envy’s eyes were a desaturated navy, drained of all life.

"How cute," It cooed, giving a stale smirk as it held me in place, "How does it feel to be on the same stage as us, mouse? Tell me, does your blood boil as your body fails, over and over again? It isn’t your fault – not everyone can be as naturally gifted as us."

I tried to growl, but I was frozen in place. The Mew laughed, lifting me further into the air before throwing me at the ground, squashing me against the linoleum.

I felt myself crunch into the floor. I knew it was over then – with as much experience as I had, I knew my limits. This was too much, and I was done.

Yet…like some sick bungee cord, I felt myself snap back into focus, my mind wracked with fatigue, and my muscles burning with exhaustion. I heard the

Mew laughing, no doubt content with its latest victory. I lifted myself out of the crater in the ground with one paw, and with the other grabbed a tuff of the Mew’s fur and pulled it to my cheek.

"To hell, and back again." I spat, giving ever last millivolt of electricity I had into that spiteful, passive aggressive piece of pink slime. It screamed, collapsing in on itself with a splatter and pooling into goo with a smooth, liquidly synth echoing off the walls.

Sandy stood up, removing her hand from the turn table with a tired, content smirk. I collapsed to the floor, my Focus Sash turning to dust, yet I held a single paw upwards in victory.

"We did it, Static." Josh whispered, in quiet awe.

"Did you ever doubt us?" I smirked in reply.

###

(Josh POV)

Sandy beamed, thrusting her hand towards the judges. “Does anyone contend that I battled to the fullest extent of my abilities, or otherwise showed favoritism to the Champion?”

Champion. Oh god, I could get used to that.

Agatha leaned back in her chair, her old bones creaking to her odd posture. “A legitimate victor.”

Lorelei gave a reluctant nod. Bruno’s was much more fierce and meaningful.

“And you, Lance?” Sandy asked.

“Does it matter?” Lance shrugged, his eyes showing a careful ambivalence as his cape draped behind him. “Even if I held any ill will towards this fight, my opinion would be overruled.”

“I would still prefer you be on my side, if purely for symbolic reasons.” I squeaked, my heart still racing in my chest. “You’ve always been a h-huge influence to me, and-

“I believe the battle was flawed.” Lance interrupted. “Though it was her right, I believe it disrespectful to violate the rules of Elite Combat simply because it fit her mood.” Lance looked up at Sandy, clearly dissatisfied. “Though, this breech of conduct would only serve to make the challenger’s trial more difficult, so to Josh I say: yes. Your victory was legitimate.”

I didn’t know what to say. Or do. I was an idiot; half my Pokémon were unconscious right now! They couldn’t share in this moment!

“Um,” I gulped, “I-is there a place I can revive my Pokémon, for-”

“You’re looking for the Hall of Fame.” Sandy smiled. “That would be right behind you.”

I turned to see a brilliant entranceway of swirling blue light beckoning me further. This was it.

I took my first step.

“Before you go…” I turned to Sandy, who gave a long, tired smile. “You have a choice, Josh Karren.”

“Oh?”

“You have won. You have earned the right of Champion; the strongest trainer in Kanto.” Sandy waved her arm as if to drape it all across the country. “But will you keep it?”

“What do you mean?”

“Whatever you decide, you will keep the rank of Champion. You will be able to live and purchase property in the Battle Park, along with your Pokémon and extended family.”

“What is the choice?” I asked suspiciously.

“The choice is if you wish to maintain the rank of the Champion of Kanto. This position holds many responsibilities, including flying down here anytime a challenger should arise. You must train vigilantly, and you may not own or live outside Kanto’s borders.”

I frowned. “But you live at the Battle Park.”

“I was an exception, as I also own the title of a Brain.” Sandy explained. “Without you holding both positions, you will be required to stay here, in Kanto. That is, if you choose not to refuse.”

‘Is that what drives you? The need to be the best?’ Skarr’s voice echoed in my mind. ‘Why travel. Why reach the peak?’

‘For the companionship of those I climb with,’ I answered, way back when. ‘And for that view when we all succeed.’

“Keep it.” I smiled. “You’re better company than all the prestige in the world.”

*435*2014-06-28 01:11

### Epilogue, Three Months Later ---

(Josh’s POV)

I didn’t know if my eyes were open or closed. How many sleepless nights had I endured, staring at a ceiling I couldn’t see? It wasn’t that the bed was uncomfortable; it couldn’t be. It was made from Altaria down, a substance made for sleep.

But then…why can’t I sleep?

I had everything I wanted. My Pokémon were content. Sandy was sleeping beside me. I had made peace with my parents, as much as I could. I even got a hug from my mother.

I wish I could just roll over, but I’d wake Sandy…

Weeks of battling. I enjoyed each one, and with it, a rush of life and brilliance. I saw the spark in Static’s eyes as we fought harder and harder opponents. He loved it here. Nova loved it here. Myst, Skarr, Mew. I almost thought of Oxygen, but…he wasn’t with us anymore. I would like to believe that he was just like Skarr, that, someday, he would return.

Someday.

###

(Oxygen POV)

Had the nights always been this cold?

I shivered, coated in the silence of a moonless night. Had it really been so long since I claimed dominion in this city? Now who was I? A Raichu without a trainer, cold, and alone.

I still recall Josh’s face. Not disappointment, not really. He knew it was coming. More like…sad realization. The conscious awareness that the cancer would kill you, not knowledge of the cancer itself. Where the patient has time to acknowledge his unseen parasite, and make peace with death far before his time.

“Are you sure?” Josh choked, staring at me with all the love I never deserved.

“I told you I would leave. Make a name for myself. Make some money for charity; redeem myself. Why are you so surprised?”

“I’m…I’m not. Good for you, Ox.” Josh’s voice cracked. He couldn’t care for me, not really. I had tried to kill Static. I had tried to kill him. Why was he blinking back tears? “I’m proud of you.”

“I’ll come back.” The words tumbled out of my mouth as tears blurred my vision, and the lump in my throat threatened to strangle any last words from my pained, broken face. “Someday, Josh. Someday when I can look at myself without hatred, someday when I feel like I’ve done more good than harm. When I feel as if my life was worth living again.”

“You don’t have to be defined by your past.”

“Someday when I believe that.” I laughed, pained, tears spilling down my face. He offered his arms and I bounced into them, hugging him fiercely despite never hugging anyone ever before. It was wonderful, just like I imagined it would be.

“I wish you all the luck in the world.” Josh hugged me just as fiercely.

“And I wish you double.” I sniffed, “Take care of Static for me, will you?”

###

(Josh POV)

And just like that, he was gone. Legend hunting.

Is that why I can’t sleep? Because I miss him?

Legend hunting. A career for the brave and foolish, hunting dangerous and potent Pokémon for gold, mostly for study. Typically it was catch and release, but in some occasions it was for human or even Pokémon safety. It’s a risky job, but no one else knows how to tame or capture a raging Gyarados, especially one near the Battle Park several times its normal size.

Maybe…maybe I’m just thirsty.

I sat up slowly, trying not to wake Sandy. I stealthily crept to the side of the bed, leaning down on the smooth, tiled floor. A hand lashed out and grabbed my wrist, squeezing it with need and ache.

“Please.” Sandy whispered, her expression unreadable in the room’s dim light. “Don’t go.”

“I’m just going to grab some water.” I cooed, gently pulling Sandy’s wrist from my own. “Okay? Don’t worry – go back to sleep.”

“…Okay…” Sandy mumbled, reaching out for my nonexistent body on the bed, no longer there. She shifted uncomfortably.

I got my water and returned to bed, gently easing my way back in. Sandy turned to me, her eyes half-lidded with just a gleam of lucidity as her arm found my chest, and curled against it.

“Are you leaving?”

“No, Sandy. I’m right here.” I whispered.

Twice in one night? Had she been having nightmares?

“No. I mean, the Battle Park. Are you going away?”

“No. I’m staying right here.” I reassured her, cupping her waist in my palm. “Don’t worry.”

She shifted, frowning. “You should. You should go.”

Huh?

“Josh,” Sandy started, pulling herself closer to me, “You’re miserable here. You haven’t slept in days. Being cooped up in this apartment isn’t good for you.”

“You’re good for me.” I countered.

“You don’t sleep. Your Pokémon are only happy when they’re battling; otherwise they don’t know what to do. None of them are acclimated to the city. All this freedom you had, all this travel…and now you’re stuck. I couldn’t blame you for feeling smothered.”

“I don’t feel smothered. I don’t feel like I have a lack of freedom, I just-”

“Look at me.” Sandy implored, opening those beautiful, reflective dark orbs. “Josh, I know you. I’m not mad. Look deep within yourself – if you could do anything right now, what would it be?”

“You?” I tried, smirking awkwardly.

Sandy pushed me away annoyed. “I’m serious.”

“…I would be a Legendary Hunter.” The words left my mouth like I had known them all along. Months of sitting doing nothing hadn’t curbed my desire to travel, to see everything the world had to offer, to go wander around trees and forests, lakes and cities. I knew it suddenly; I was struck with incurable wanderlust, a desire to see everything, go everywhere, and I couldn’t do it in this stifling city.

Wanderlust. I could suppress it. I could hold it down; my affliction wouldn’t get in the way of my relationship. I loved her. I loved her more than all the sites the world had to offer, and all the battles and trophies I could ever earn.

“I won’t make you choose.” She whispered, her words slowed and sleepy as her eyelids fell. “Go.”

“I won’t leave you.”

“Damn right you won’t.” Sandy grinned, pulling me into an embrace. “We’ll see each other as often as we can. But you need this. And I understand. I’ll help you pack in the morning.”

Just like that, the decision was made. I felt relieved; Sandy knew it better than I that I needed this. More than freedom, I needed the support of knowing I could have both, my love of travel and my love of the beautiful woman sleeping next to me. At last, I knew I could rest.

“Thank you.” I murmured, hugging Sandy lightly while drifting to a much needed sleep, a grin on my face as I dreamed of adventures to come.

*439*2014-07-01 03:47

{{: 

Alright, still no "The End." But there was an Epilogue, which means after "The End."...... YO! Alex, is this the end or not? I am confused.

}}

(This is the end....of the official work. I promised you guys omo, didn't I?)

The main plot is over, and the story on FanFiction will end (save me editing some chapters for grammatical/spelling stuff), but I'll still post here every so often with more of Josh and Co.'s misadventures, preferably of the wet variety. You guys are the best; thanks for the amazing, wild ride. I love you all "3)

*441*2014-07-14 22:18

(Nova POV, same night)

“Psssst! Nova. Nova, it’s me.” A kind voice whispered urgently, the heat of her breath warming my ear. My eyes peeked open – it was dark, very dark.

It was my turn to sleep tonight. Mine and Myst’s. Static and Skarr got it yesterday, and Mew doesn’t sleep. Josh has us out in shifts, as to both make up for the lack of beds and to give us all the quality time we deserve. Although I had only really been awake for twenty hours, it had been three days since I had slept. I’m not sure if that really counts, but all I knew is that I was tired.

My cozy blanket tucked around me, and with Sandy’s couch snug at my back, getting up was a tall order. I mumbled under my breath, snuggling my pillow.

“P-please, Nova! I…I have to pee.”

My eyes slowly opened to an annoyed turquoise glare. Myst stood over me, legs pressed together and a worried expression pressed into her face.

My glare softened. “It’s…night. Just go to the bathroom.”

Myst frowned. “Static knocked a toilet paper roll into the guest one, and it clogged.”

“Then use the one in Josh and Sandy’s room.”

Myst shifted uncomfortably. “Then I’d wake them up! I’m not a cub; I can…I can handle this myself.”

Evidently not.

I shoved the malicious thought from my sleepy mind and sat up, rubbing my eyes. “How bad is it?”

“…It’s not good.” Myst winced, rubbing the fork of her legs. Something stirred in my mind, and my drowsiness vanished, replaced by some other, unfamiliar emotion.

“Um…” I looked around the room, my eyes already adjusted to the dark atmosphere. “What about the sink?”

Myst blushed indignantly. “I’m not peeing in the sink! That’s gross! Josh cooks out of that! Plus, they might…” Myst shook her head fiercely. “…they might hear, and it’ll smell!”

“Well, we could probably wash out the smell.” I reasoned. “And…I don’t know, maybe you could go quietly? Josh and Sandy are in the next room; they probably won’t hear you.”

Myst hesitated, biting her lip while rubbing herself with a paw. “A-alright. Listen for them though, just in case they wake up.”

I nodded. Myst wobbled over to the counter, hopping on it with a wince, and letting out a quick, sudden whimper. After a moment, she adjusted herself properly and kneeled at the sink, her head turned to the bedroom door in fear. She took a deep breath, steadying herself, then…

“…D-do you mind?” Myst stuttered, a brazen gaze complementing the scarlet in her cheeks.

I blinked, not realizing that I had been staring. “Sorry – tired, not really paying attention.”

“It’s fine, just…” Myst winced in obvious discomfort, breathing slow and steady breaths. “Just keep an eye out.”

I waited a moment. Two. All I could hear was Myst’s quivering breath, and the ticking clocks against the wall.

“Myst?” I looked up. She shivered, a few drops dribbling into the sink, before a large spurt sloshed against the side.

“S-shit!” She cursed, grabbing herself roughly. “T-they definitely heard that!”

“It’s fine, I’m sure-”

“This isn’t going to work.” She whispered, crawling off the counter growling. Her paw was shoved between her legs without heed of embarrassment, squeezing for all it was worth.

I quickly ran the sink quietly, rinsing off any evidence. “W-what about the plant in the corner? The soil would probably-”

“It’ll still smell though!” Myst hissed, giving her crotch one last squeeze before standing straight. “Grab the keys, we’re leaving.”

“It’s three in the morning! If Josh catches us-”

Myst gave an adorable desperation-fueled glare.

“I’ll grab the keys.” I relented. We unlocked the door and headed to the elevator. Myst smacked the button, standing next to an enormous window overlooking the city.

Enormous skyscrapers and other interesting and bizarre building stared back at us, all gleaming with light despite the hour. Sandy’s apartment was high up – the fourth-fourth floor – but even it was dwarfed by some of the buildings in the distance. The Battle tower rose up like a giant torch in the night, gleaming with wonder and mystery.

A quiet ‘ding’ alerted us both to the elevator’s arrival, and Myst dove in quickly with me right behind. She punched the first floor, and the doors closed ever so slowly.

I looked her over. Her paws were pressed into her middle, her eyes closed in need and concentration. One paw rubbed up and down while the other just held steady, clamping down in rhythm to her short, quickened breaths.

“Ah!” Myst yelped, a short burst of yellow spraying to the floor. “N-no!”

The elevator moved from the twenty-fourth floor to the twenty-third, and I bit my lip with worry. “Will…will you make it?”

“Of course!” She snapped. “I just…I went a bit earlier, and my bladder’s confused, that’s…that’s all.”

She placed her foot in the small splattering, trying quickly wipe it up, which she did with marginal success.

Thirteenth floor. Twelfth.

“Oooh…” Myst whined, doubling over, cheeks burning the same color as her eyes. At last, the elevator dinged with satisfaction, opening up to the first floor.

The lobby was deserted. Myst staggered out, lurching towards the exit.

“Wait, we’re leaving the building?” I yelped, scurrying after her.

“I’m not figuring out the human bathrooms if I don’t have to!” She growled. “Plus the outside is closer, and-, urk!” She slumped over suddenly, another gush of liquid splashing to the ground. “Nrrrg!”

“Fine, let’s just go!” I encouraged her, grabbing her arm and pulling her towards the door. She complied eagerly, if a bit clumsily, limping out of the building as fast as her body would let her. The automated doors opened with a whoosh, and she raced outside, breaking for the bushes right by the entrance. She didn’t even bend down before she burst, with a yellow cascade streaming down into the foliage. She moaned and I blushed, a heat rising in my chest, among other…rising…things.

I looked around apprehensively. The night was quiet and devoid of life, save for the flood of urine and the forced, quiet moans of relief from Myst. I waited for a long moment for the gushing to trickle to a stop, with a final sigh of reprieve.

“Hey, uh…” I panted, not realizing I was suddenly out of breath. “How about we…stay out here, awhile? Just...just us?”

“Seriously?” Myst raised an eyebrow, gesturing to the bush. “Next to the shrub I just peed in?”

“…Yeah, why not?”

Myst looked me up and down, then smirked knowingly. “Sure. What the hell...”

*444*2014-07-25 22:07

(Not as often, but occasionally! I've been busy taking care of my grandfather's funeral, and that has been...stressful, and I haven't quite felt like writing. Once this is all a bit less 'fresh', expect an update every few weeks or so. I'm also an interactive novelist who's just about done with my summer work (writing a visual novel for my university), and I'm tossing around the idea of creating an omorashi visual novel, so that'll eat up some of my time as well.)

(Thanks for the support, and more stories to come! :3)

(Oh, and Zangoose: Certainly! Anyone can pitch an idea, and I might just run with it! Careful though; some of the better ideas make it hard to write X3...)

