Survivalist Arena

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2016-06-05 02:26

Audio log #7:tracking-Rose-loading......complete

"preparation is done I'm finally in with 11 other girls...its just a fight to the death now in this harsh environment,all I have is a spear that's sharper than my wits,heheh.aaannnnddd......GO....*psjidiehozp* AHHH DAMN I DRoped the recorde..." The tape goes on for 30 min.

"yea well now there's 7 of us counting me left,I wonder where rose is now actually"said Jewels. Jewels had always been one to stay out in the wilderness and now her might was up to the test when she enlisted for master huntstress. "This fucking arena is so huge a football stadium would bow to it".

This is the Survivalist Arena also known as the dome home! Jewels along with 11 others were sent here to test their strength in the wilderness for 2 years. Those that survived were Master Huntstress'.

Jewels,rose,star,Taylor,Alex,daisy,tulip,Pam,red,violet,kat,and Lexi all took the job. Pam,star,Alex,red,and Lexi all are dead

This arena has the power to cause hell to these girls,sickness,animals,and weather are its power to control,and only the brave...will live

THIS IS THE DOME HOME

As jewels set up a fire she heard a rustle behind her,she quickly grabbed her dagger and prepared to fight. "Woa hey it's just me Daisy"

"oh your back whatcha got"

"the biggest feast ever, check it" daisy said in her melodic voice as she pulled a bundle of rabbits out of her sachell. "Dais you are a legend"

"I know"

As the Girls ate their feast they heard a scream that sounded like tulip,daisys little sis.

"TULIP IM COMING" Daisy yelled as she dashed off with her bow. Tulip had been running from this beast after it caught her in its water supply. She had ran for hours on hours and she could hardly handle the pain in herl legs and the pressure in her bladder. Daisy found tulip screaming and running from a wilof, a horrid two headed wolf. Daisy jammed the arrow in its skull killing the beast instantly. "Tulip are you ok?" Daisy spoke with concern. "Mmhmmm,and I really have to potty. I can't hold it another min." Tulip spoke in her sweet and caring voice. "Ok well camp isn't far can you make it."

"I don't know but I have to hurry before I have an accident...again"

"Ok tulip lets hurry" daisy said taking tulips hand.they followed the path back to camp until tulip stopped right in the middle of the trail. "Sis I can't hold it anymore it's coming out."

"Come on tulip you can make it"

"No...I...can...ahhhhahahahhhhhh." Tulip began crying as her bladder finally gave in and a yellow stream came down her leggings into her shoes. "Tulip its gonna be ok let's go back to camp." Daisy said as she picked up her sister to Carry her, not caring that she was getting wet also.

"Jewels were ok but I can't say the same for tulip here." Daisy said completely embarrassing tulip making her cry more. "Ahh tulip its ok it happened to me once.come on let's get you some new clothes and hang these up to dry." Jewels said taking tulip to their laundromat. "Hey anyone home." Taylor said at the perimeter of camp. "A yup were here" daisy replied " oh god it's a massacre out in the barren lands. Yerls torn in half totally decayed and rot..."

"Gahh jeez don't put that in my mind."

"So wassup daisy cup."

"I saved tulip from a wilof and she peed herself just outside of camp."

"Awwww well the damn girls been through hell but she's a fighter. I still have no clue how you got your 12 year old sister in here."

"Fuck just don't get me started." ......."damn I miss red, and poor violet was totally nuts when she found out.now...she's gone..."

"Yea but Taylor we need to stay strong we only have 30 more days till were considered huntstress'"

"Cannot wait"

At the end of the day jewels took role. "Ok who's here."

"Taylor"

"tulip..."

"Daisy"

"Ka...AHHH"

"What kat what's wrong" jewels said as a puddle formed under kat "p...please...don't look..." Then a hissing sound came and for a minute the girls pretended it was raining. "Kat if you need to "go" you can just ask and we'll let you...don't sit at role and suffer."

"I'm sorry...*whimper*"

"well that's everyone,kat can go get re clothed and we will start cooking dinner" jewels said as she put the chart away. Dinner was a plate of rabbits that daisy hunted, everyone enjoyed it. They all sat around their campfire and told story's "...and then as the king stood at the top of his castle, he knew that it was glorious."

"That was the best story you have ever told tulip"

"Thanks"

"hey guys I'm gonna go see if the house is still powered up."

"Ok Taylor be safe" said Daisy. Almost 30 min. Pass of story's and jewels, not telling anyone of her bladders limit feels desperate. " I'm gonna see if Taylor is gonna rejoin our fire" she said as she walked off. Then she started a sprint for the bathrooms. Jewels starts to feel her pants get wet and she opens the door to the bathrooms and runs for the first stall. She opens it and... "RAHHHHHHHHH" Taylor screamed as jewels fell back and a yellow stream jutted from her pants. "TAYLOR YOU SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF ME".

"More like I scared the piss out of you...*snicker*So...sor...sorry *snicker*."

"What are you...HUH...damnit Taylor I've only peed myself once in here and now you made me do it again.im going to the laundromat."

Later that day the girls get tired and head into the house...they find their quarters....and fall asleep.

(29 DAYS TILL DOME END)

Part 2 very soon!!!

*001*2016-06-05 04:25

And by very soon I mean like an hour passes soon cause I'm bored.

"jewels sweety time to get to school or you'll be late"

"ok mom......ummmm mom the toilet won't work."

"it's broke sweety I'm sorry."

"At the worst possible time. I really need to go."

"Well just try to get to school and go there." The bus ride was pure agony. Jewels couldn't think,she was at her limit. "I'm not gonna make it.......ahhhhhh" the war nests flowed out of her into her panties then up her back?

"whaaa...please don't look...at.....oh it was a bad dream........it wasn't." Jewels had wet the bed,frustrated with herself she took her sheets and clothes to the laundromat. "So now that that's done let's check the...AHHHHHHHH GIRLS WAKE UP...HURRY THE DROPS COMMING!!!"

"Huh jewels what's........AHHHHHHH HURRY GET YOUR GEAR TULIP!!!" Every day a air drop would come in with new gear such as armor or weapons,even holoprints for buildings.thats how the girls have their house and other things. So as the plane flew over the rumbling of the engines,and then the drop. "Come on keep hustling we have to get this drop" jewels said. " jewels the flare smoke up ahead"

"good eye tulip"

"you know me".

"ok girls catch your breath and drink some water."

The drop was big...bigger than the others at least. CUE THE ZELDA THEME...duh duh duh duh,duh duh duh duh,DUH DUH DUH. Inside was...rifles and pistols with tons of ammunition. "Kick...fucking...ass." Taylor said as tears formed in her eyes. "This is my baby...come her Springfield rifle...oh god your adorable." The other girls stared at her (.-.) . "Here tulip a nice little 22. Pistol. Perfect for you, now you can hunt squirrel." Said Daisy. " M1911 DIBS........" Jewels dove for it. "Is this a M700.ohohohoh deers beware." Daisy said. "Kats turn... ... ... ! Well well. A good old fashioned desperado colt Python. Don't mind if i do." Their luckiest drop yet.

"uhhhhhhh gals...I kinda need to uhhhh......"

"Taylor your looking red, you ok?"

"Yea totally just hungry." Taylor wasn't about to give what she was hiding away. Taylor was the strong one in the group and if she was caugh with something so embarrassing...she would die. "Oh well we still have some leftover rabbit I'll re heat it when we get back."

"Sweet, thanks dais." Now she was hungry.

Taylor grew rapidly desperate and soon she was at her limit and everyone knew what was wrong. "Taylor don't hide the fact that you need the bathroom."

".....ok yea I do.......how much further?its really a bad situation here." Well I see the house so not far. Just maybe another 5 minue..." Kat was interrupted by Taylor dashing off through the forest. "I can make it, I need to pee,I am strong...COME ON GET CLOSER PLEASE."

"...uhhhhhhhh...wait.......up?" Kat said slowly. Closer and closer and closer the house came and Taylor thought she would make it until so,e little pesky rock got in her way. "Ooof...no.no.NO..." A loud hiss followed Taylor's pants getting soaked. "So close....yet miles away...I have to hide it." Taylor then dashed upstairs, got fresh clothes,through the wet ones in the laundromat. Ran back to the bathroom. And when she heard her friends. She flushed one of the toilets and came out looking relived. "You feel better?"

"You bet tulip." Her plan worked.

Jewels came back to the house later that day unbelievabley happy. "Gals check this out. I got a soda crafter holoprints."

"Yea so let me check my contacts list and call BULLSHIT. YOU SERIOUS." Said Daisy. "Yep sure did here." She said as she set down the machine. Then in no time make soda Like no tomorrow. In the evening the girls sat down again for another feast. Enjoying the deer that Daisy caught earlier. They told jokes and laughed till they cried. "Jewels...this soda.......awwwwwwwhahahahah so good." Said Taylor. "Yea but I may have had a bit to much,I need to use the potty." Said tulip putting her hands on her crotch. "Oh come on tulip you had 2 where I've had 4 if anyone needs to go its me" said Daisy making tulip feel like she would be ok for a while.

An hour passes and Daisy leaves for the bathroom leaving tulip to wait where she's at her limit. "So then the bartender tells the dog 'had a ruff day' hahahahahahah, oh man classic" Taylor cracks while tulip who is already leaking into her panties finally snaps and runs for the bathroom........locked. She bangs on the door. "Sis, please hurry I can't hold it.....please I'm gonna potty on myself...I don't want to again."

"Just a minute tulip I'm almost done." She bangs again harder as another leak escapes into her pants. "SIS PLEASE IM GONNA POTTY ON MYSELF!!!" Tulip begs. In a mere second her mussels retract and a powerful hiss hits the ground. Tulip gets clean,the night comes and once again bed time comes

*003*2016-06-06 01:28

Thanks...and sorry about half asking the end of part 2. I was tired...anyway part 3

"ok...steady.....steady.....let this deers life had been good." Daisy said as she squeezed the trigger of her gun. *BANG* and the deer fell... Daisy walked up to its body, put her hand on it and said. "I'm sorry." She then started to Cary it back to camp.

That morning was rough. The girls missed the drop but they kept going for it because if they miss it one of the other missing girls got it. "Could it be violet?"

"Maybe, jewels but what about rose?"

"Taylor......." They reached the drop but it was intact. The flare was just out. "Huh that's odd, I guess it was just a flare shortout. Now then let's get this open." Jewels said as she lifted the lid...but there were no supplies...just...A TICKING CLOCK!!! "SHIT GET AWAY FROM IT!!!" Taylor screamed as she threw jewels back away from the crate. *KABAAAAAMMMM* "AHHHHHHGGGG...AHHHHHHAHAHAHHHHH MY ARM OH FUCK THAT HURTS!!!"

"TAYLOR...oh shit...TAYLOR ARE YOU...your...your arm Taylor. Taylor don't look...please." Jewels said as she wrapped a string around her arm. She knew what she had to do...jewels was going to have to amputate Taylor's arm. "AHAHAHAHAHHHHHHH FUCK I CANT...BREATHE...AHHHHH."

"Taylor look at me ok...this is gonna hurt but be strong. 3...2...1...HYAAAH." At jewels took Taylor's machete and cut her arm off...Taylor's vision went dark...the pain had shocked her so much her bladder gave out and as she passed out her pants got drenched. "Oh shit ok let's get back to camp."

...part 3.5 later tonight

*005*2016-06-06 02:55

JK fuck cliff hangers

"KAT,TULIP,DAISY HELP...ITS TAYLOR."

"Jewels what...AHHHHHHH WHAT HAPPENED."

"The crate went off and Taylor saved me, I had to cut her arm off."

"Jesus ok tulip stay away and don't look, kat help me Carry her to a bed, and jewels get me the medicine." The girls then rushed to save Taylor who was rapidly bleeding out. Everything went well, Taylor was stabilized, and her arm...well they did what they could. Tulip came in later... "Taylor I brought you some soda,I hope you feel better soon...please wake up...*sniff*."

"Oh hey tulip, you brought her a soda...that's sweet of you."

"I wish she would wake up kat..."

"uhh..nnnggg....wha...where.."

"TAYLOR!!!"

"Woa...hey there tulip what's goin on."

"Ahh your awake......do you want to know what happened?"

"What did happen?"

"Your left arm...take a look." When Taylor looked...she snapped... "Wha AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AH AH AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHAT THE HELL."

"CALM DOWN...its ok."

"Oh my god... Get me up... Hurry please."

"Ok hold on get your barrings." Kat got Taylor up and out of the house...she then went straight for the bathroom. Taylor didn't have a chance though. She ended up tripping, and falling down the stairs. She then ended up releasing her bladder again in a single day.

"Damn it...could you..."

"get you new clothes...on it."

???"your so dumb...do you think you will be masters? No you won't...ill make sure of that."???

The day went smoothly from there. The girls ate food went to sleep and the next day woke up fine. Taylor was coping with her arm, and was working around the house. Something happened though that day. There were two drops...one close and one far. The girls approached slowly. "Ok girls I'll open it, annnnd...NOW." ... ... ...nothing. Inside was a prosthetic arm and a note.

Dear Taylor,

We here at the MHS are deeply saddened by the loss of your arm. That was not our fault though, one of the girls which we won't say her name, reached the drop first and set a bomb trap, and while this was highly uncalled for it isn't against rules. We here at the MHS will reward you with a prosthetic arm. Stay strong.

Aurefwa, Leila Stone of the R&D team.

"Well hell this kicks ass!" Taylor said as she hooked it up. "Greetings Taylor, I am P.A.M. Or the prosthetic. arm. manipulator."

"It talks...YES I SHOULD LOOSE MORE OF MY BODY. Give me that hatchet I want a talking leg."

"NO!" All the girls said. So they asked Pam a ton of questions until tulip came walking back with a rabbit. "Uhhh Daisy...can I keep this rabbit as a pet?"

"Well yea sure I don't see that as bad."

"Here tulip let me form him a cage....here you go."

"And she can form us things."

"Yes but i can only do nice things...I can't save your life but I can talk to you and form frivolous things like stuffed bears and what not."

"oh...still your awesome."

And so hunts were done and animals were killed...Daisy, while dragging their food she felt her bladder twitch. "Ohh crap...I should hurry.." Daisy kept dragging the animal till she stopped. Her pressure was agony. She kept dragging the deer even though it weighed her down. She then noticed her mussels retract and for a spit second. A stream leaked into her jeans. Daisy dropped the deer and ran for the bathrooms. "I CANT WAIT..." She kept running and running until she heard tulip. "OWWW WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHAHHHHH..." Daisys mind had forgot about her need and she ran straying from her beeline. She then found tulip with a cut on her arm and rose trying to jam a dagger in her throat. "DAISY HELP MEHEHE...WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."

"ROSE? YOU MOTHER FUCKER I'LL KILL YOU YOU GOD DAMN SON OF A BITCH. " Daisy screamed as she tackled rose. Daisy was filed with rage and aunguwish as she stole the dagger from rose and caught her off guard by jamming it in her chest and slowly dragging it up her chest. "Yea that feel good you fucking bitch...don't ever fuck with me or my sister..." Then rose fell down...and a horn sounded with the following announcement "rosemary albatross has fallen by dagger wound. May she rest forever."

"Oh she will rest...but I hope it's not good. TULIP!!!"

Daisy had just slayed a human being in front of her 12 year old sister...she turned to her and noticed her clothes were completely soaked with her urine. Tulip was wailing in fear and pain. "Tulip come on let's get back to camp and fix you up." The girls got back...tulip was healed and Daisy was still with tulip...then she remembered her need. "I'm gonna leave for a bit..."

"No Daisy please stay I still hurt...please we can tell eachother story's." Daisy couldn't resist tulips sweet voice so she stayed, but her bladder was an absolute war zone, a lava pool, a blazing sun...in her body and if she didn't do something she would 'go' right in front of tulip, her sister who idolizes her. "Wow tulip amazing...I really should go get the dinner ready though."

"Oh. Ok but promise me you'll save me a dr. Fizzy."

" I will" they Daisy dashed away. She had less time than she thought, her pants were soaking but not filled. She tuned the corner, ran out the door, and straight for the bathrooms. Locked, just her luck... " please hurry I'm already leaking."

"Ocupado Daisy-o. Take a number."

"N...no...I can't....lossing..." She then lost the war. Her pants flooded,she balled up. What else was there...

Daisy cleaned up and cooked the deer for her friends. Story's from tulips mind of mysterys were told. And mysterys were unraveled. "But then the witch gave her staff away and all was good in wytic ville...the end."

"That was pleasant tulip...a very happy ending...and I apologize for your arm..."

"thanks Pam. Your an awesome bot." The night was then upon them. And sleep was all they could think about...so they go...and they sleep

I hate to say it but this is all for 3...4 though will be interesting...

MORE TO COME

"No wait one more thing...its me Pam. This series has potintial. I wanna know if when this journey ends you want more girls to come in. See you in part 4 guys ;)"

*007*2016-06-06 05:00

God you know I actually like writing this so much I can't take a break.....uhhhhh part 4 everyone...

"Daisy, we need a day off you know..."

"Yea...lets stock up food and for some time just chill." So Daisy and Taylor gathered some gear and told the girls at camp to wait till they got back. The team killed deer and Pam gave them a Tarmac to lay them on and carry with, but something got bad. "Ok on three dais...1...2...3 *CLICK* *BANG* "damn my rifle jammed...sorry."

"Nah it's cool, besides...we have deer to last us days. Let's go back." And so they got back to camp only to find the girls lined up for the bathroom. "Jewels hurry up we need to go now!"

"Hang on."

"Uhhhh sup ladies we got food fo days." No response..." Yea so were gonna go you all have fun here...heh." Then Taylor and Daisy walked off to start storing food. "Jewels we can't hold it any longer please just hurry up."

"Aaaand......I'm out later." Then jewels went inside. "Tulip you go first."

"t...t...thanks." Tulip said trembling uncontrollably. "Man there is so much deer...(I must eat it all)."

"What?"

"No... Wait I mean nothing." They stared at eachother for another few seconds then kept cutting the food up. "Soooooooo...do you like the deer I cook?"

"YES ITS THE BEST....I mean...yea it's really good, your an amazing cook....." Another long stare..." I'm almost done kat..."

"Ok tulip..."

"Hmmmmmmmm what to make........this box,some markers,nails,and feathers.......*gasp*.... DART BOARD !!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSS OK PAINT THE BOX ATTACH FEATHER TO NAIL HANG ON WALL....WE GET DARTS.....WOOOOOOOO."

"Jesus what's she going crazy about."

"Dart board.......yea."

"Here kat I'll hold the door for you..."

"Thanks tuli....EEEP....DONT LOOK !!!!"

"AHHH OK...." Aaaannnnnnnddddddddd.......ok you know what happened.....so kat got cleaned up and the girls were told to come to the new room in the house. "Welcome ladies and....uhhh well ladies....to the new......fun room....we only have darts for now but we could make more stuff."

"Sweet so let's play darts jewels, just you and me...the old takedown Taylor." So the girls played darts like their life depended on it until..." 20-20 if Taylor hits double 10 she wins." The pressure was on as Taylor threw the dart...it flew through the air.....the loser had to drink 5 cans of soda...winner chooses what kind...the girls eyes all widened as the dart landed right dead center of the double 10 Taylor won... "Awwww yea.....so a bets a bet. I want you to drink 5 hill dews...."

" well ok..." Jewels chugged every can in 1 min. After words the girls were stumped. "AHHH I know we could build a pool."

"Tulip,you are just so cute it makes me wanna pop. LETS DO IT." So the girls gathered wood up and built the frame the the gathered water with Pam. In a matter of time...I dunno maybe 7 hours the girls had a pool. "Sweet...HURRY GET CHANGED." The first one in was jewels who hadn't had a break. She was at her bladders limit so she was just gonna pee in the pool. Before she could though Daisy jumped in with tulip then kat and finally Taylor did a giant cannon ball. And don't worry about Pam, she's water resistant

Jewels who was to embarrassed to pee in the pool and leave to go the the bathroom waited and tryed to hold it. "So jewels you know what otters favorite question is."

"N...no what?"

" water you doing." And not only did that joke make jewels laugh it was about water, the last thing she wanted to think about. Just then a leak escaped...luckily it was unnoticed. "Heh splash fight." Tulip said as she splashed water down jewels back frightening her and making her lose control. "It just got really warm over here....oooooooohhhhhhhhhhh."

"*sniff* I'm sorry. I couldn't hold it..."

" it's a pool...there's water all around you shouldn't worry about that."

"hey Pam you couldn't perhaps spawn us in a videogame player and a tv could you?" Taylor said it the fun room. "Now your talking.one tv and gamestation comming up....."

"Wow Pam I should've cut my arm of years ago...."

"You wouldn't really though would you...you keep saying you will....are you?"

"What? No I'm just saying your an amazing arm...I'm happy to have you..." Then the faceplate Pam uses as a face blushed...

"there's now more German engineering for brogati and the weather outside is gonna be sunny...well it's not sunny here miss lady reporter." Said jewels as she heard the rain hit the roof. " yo diamond jewels hey so why is the bathroom outside instead of inside?"

"Room issues why."

"well I has gots to go duh."

"well I dunno sorry...I'm gonna keep watching tv." Little did they know the rain wasn't going to let up at all...it kept pouring down. And Taylor knew there was no end in sight...soon she was so tired she passed out on her bed.

"mmmmnnnnnn........ahhhhhhhh.......OHHHHHH I GOTTA PEE SO BAD." Taylor said as she woke the next morning...only to find out that rain was STILL COMING DOWN. " nnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggggg......why is it still raining?" Taylor waited and waited all she could until...she snapped and dashed through the rain. She ran in and almost lost her balance only to save herself with her right arm. She then got Pam awake so she could go to the bathroom. "Huh what...HEY WAIT WOA WOA WOA IM NOT LOOKING DOWN THERE!!!"

"PAM PLEASE IM ABOUT TO LOSE IT." She said with fear and helplessness. They argued for about 10 seconds until Taylor's mussels gave out and her pants once again...flooded.....

Ok guys it's 12:00 it the fucking morning over here I'm going to sleep. Part 5 tomorrow.......zzzzzzzzzzzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

*009*2016-06-07 01:40

"Tulip.....wake up tulip......."

"Huh wha.......who's there?"

"It's Daisy, tulip your 13 today..."

"... No way!"

"Yep...lets party!" Another drop close to the house with another letter and a cake!

Dear tulip,

We here at the MHS would like to say happy birthday! To get you started with this birthday...inside is a few presents and a cake...enjoy tulip,and have fun!

Happy birthday, Nathan Garland of the specialty team.

"ok girls presents later cake now...kat you cut it up."

"You got it jewels!" The party didn't stop for a while... Tulip ate her cake...chocolate...her favorite...and there were presents to be opened. She unwrapped the first and inside was a katana and a map with another letter.

To tulip from David of R&D...we believe you can now take care of yourself so we give you these items for missions...be careful the blade is freshly sharpened.

"SO COOL IT EVEN HAS MY NAME ON IT !!!!!" Tulip yelled. The other gifts were just tiny trinkets like new clothes but the coolest one was dropped in later...it was her own pet dog. "He's so cute!!!!"

"Greetings I am tulips dog...what will my name be?"

"Does everything they make talk?"

"HEY NOT EVERY THING JUST CERTAIN THINGS!!!"

"She is correct...what is my name??"

"Ummmmmmmmm well your fur is very soft and your white so I'll call you... Snowball!"

"Then I am snowball...this collar is how I communicate with you...tulip we can go on a mission now if you want...I noticed a scent of squirrel." So tulip and snowball went for the squirrels. They ended up at the edge of a cliff before long...Daisy had caught up with her and jewels right behind. "Tulip we came to follow you. I hope that's ok?"

"Yea it's cool."

"DANGER APROCHES." Just then two wolves came from the woods and went straight for tulip. They hit her back and she almost fell of the cliff. She would have died it she hadn't grabbed the edge. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH DAISY HELP ME!!!!!"

"Daisy get tulip I'll kill these wolves."

"HOLD ON TULIP IM COMING!!!!" The wolves were coming too though and one got to her first...Daisy ran as fast as she could...she couldn't let her sister die...the wolf began clawing at tulips hands. "OWWWWWWWW HELP PLEASE DAISY IT HURTS !!!!!" Then one wolf dove for tulip knocking her off the cliff and falling to her doom." TUUUUUULLLLLIIIIIIPPPPPP NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH......." Whap... Daisy broke...she couldn't do this anymore...her13 year old sister just fell to her death right before her e...... "Daisy...I'm ok.....I used the wolf to break my fall..." *snicker* hang on guys I'm sorry...kinda anti climactic right? Anyway "t...tulip? Oh my god your alive..." Then Daisy started crying.

Jewels had some leftover or so they pulled tulip out. Tulip looked wet....soooooooo " ummm tulip...lets go home and get you some new clothes."

"Oh...wha....on my birthday..."

"It doesn't matter lets get home." So the girls told the others what happened,and Taylor passed out...kat was then ready for dinner...so the girls cooked food and they told ghost stories...kat was sitting down with a rapidly filling bladder. So when tulip said she was going to the bathroom. She had to wait...30 min. Pass and they hear tulip scream near the bathrooms. Every girl runs for her. Kat gets there and feels she could blow any second so she quickly opens the bathroom door an tulip jumps out with a horrifying mask screaming at kat. Kat falls back and her bladder releases filling her......ehhhhhhh well you know what just fuck it.....I'm done....Tyler you write this shit I'm going to KFC...Ehhh ok so kat then starts to cry when tulip apologizes. So uhhh yea I think Dracons gone to kfc sorry but I don't know where he wants this story to go from here so...part 6 soon.

But real time sorry for the small chapter

*011*2016-06-07 03:10

*buuuuuuurp* god that 5 piece was great...so now part 6e

"TAYLOR THERES A GUY BEHIND YOU!!!!" Then Taylor died....in the game. "Fucking lazerman427,that's 3 times he's beat me...jewels you try this I can't."

"Well ok but I'm not sure I can do any better than you. The game was call of duty firefly jewels favorite gun was the gzx-35, aheavy rifle with a high power scope. The match started and chaos began,jewels leaped behind lazerman and blew half his head off. "YEA THATS RIGHT YOU FUCK EAT MY BULLETS AND CHOKE.see Taylor I'm terrible."

"a...are you fucking blind?"

"what of course no....AHHHHHHH YEA THATS RIGHT YOU FUCK I KILLED YOU AGAIN, EAT MY FUCKING THROWING BOMB. Taylor you look scared."

"who the hell wouldn't be..." The match went on like that and jewels went 63-0. Taylor's jaw dropped. "H...h...how?.......teach me your ways my senpie."

"Huh...wait I did that? Ok let's do it but no breaks." So nows the time I actually teach you the readers how to play games good. "So first you have to feel like your life is on the line,like your really therein the heat. Second know your limits.if you think you won't make a jump...don't go for it. 3 know the terrain. If it's long or short be prepared...." The list goes on and on." So now I want you to play until you get a perfect game...no deaths."

"ok got it." So Taylor kept dieing over Andover again for 5 hours until she felt her bladder twitch. " uhhh jewels could I maybe go get a drink."

"no you stay I'll get it for you,keep practicing." Taylor was actually really desperate so she tried to stay still. "Here you go."

"thanks..." She couldn't just sit there and leave the drink so she took a big gulp...adding to her pressure and misery. 20 min. Pass and Taylor, already leaking, makes a dash for the bathrooms. "Uh uh uh you still need a perfect game...come on." Jewels said grabing Taylor and dragging her back. "But I need...I need the bathroom!"

"well done ou woudnt have got a drink if you did, your just tired...we can take a break. So Taylor was basically trapped and with no hope at all. She just couldn't stop leaking and eventually she just went for the empty can she had and pulled everything down. Then a powerful sound of water hitting the can came over the room. "Hahhahhhah feels so good..." But then the can was full, Taylor's bladder still very full needed relief still. She stopped it what little she could and screamed " PLEASE HURRY GET SOMETHING ELSE IM STILL LEAKING."

"WAHHH AHH OK ILL LOOK."

"HURRY I CANT.....ahhhhhhhhh." Then she lost the rest right there on the floor. "Well I'll go look for a towel now..." Taylor bent over and cried. " it can happen Taylor, though it doesn't happen often it can happen. Next time be honest with your friends. Not just for me...but for your....panties......"

"Pam *sniff* you are the smartest ever."

"Negative. Snowball is."

"detecting deer to our east tulip."

"ok thanks snowball." Tulip snuck up on it and cut its head off with her katana. "Sorry mister deer, but we need to eat."

"Let me assist you in transiting it back to our station." Snowball said as he dragged it back. " thank you snowball...after all I could use a break all this water I drank and the painful trek is killing me...we should hurry...I kinda need to....it's nothing."

"Judging you fidgety movement it would appear that your urinary tract has reached its capacity. We should make haste to the restrooms nearby before you lose control." Tulip blushed embarrassedly, snowball had seen right through her. " yea that's it...lets hurry." Tulip ran as fast as she could...snowball going faster even with the deer still. Tulip then grew red and bent over. " snowball please don't look."

"As you wish." Then tulip drowned her pants.it then leaked out of them onto a bee...talk about bad luck. The bee stung her and she had it spray out faster than a pressure washer, it splashed off the ground and up her back.

When tulip returned she got redressed and tons Daisy she wanted to cook tonight. "Ok tulip but be careful."

"I will..." She started preparing the deer she killed when everyone gathered around. " ok ladies lets have chef tulip cook deer." Kat didn't want to miss the show because tulip promised a very cool show. She tossed the food into the girls mouthed and everyone was impressed. She put more on the fire for seconds. Kat was fidgeting uncomfortably. Everyone knew she needed to go but they kept quiet. Tulip began telling story's for a while and kat hit her limit. Just then the fire got crazy and the food was burnt...the fire was going to catch the house on fire...well it would've of kat didn't save everyone. She was at her limit so she pulled her pants down...and peed the fire out...".....KAT SAVED US!!!!!!" Tulip said. Kat was embarrassed but she was proud...she killed two birds with one stone.

??? ...I'm so sorry red....I miss you so much....and it's all her fault.....I will kill her..... Good and slow........???

...part 7.......tomorrow!........actually it might be tonight.......lets just say part 7 coming soon

*013*2016-06-09 01:00

God sorry about the wait...part 7

Violet was the only girl that was missing. There was always their curiosity but were they prepared to do so...I may never know but if anything was true...she loved red and she was willing to do anything for her... "So theres a problem...the uhhhh toilets clogged..." Taylor said as she came in the door. The girls looked at her with a weird look. "What happened?"

"Well julio if you must know I was dropping my chocolate and it's backed up now..." Taylor said as she grew red. "Ok first off TMI second how...the thing has an anti block system."

"well I duno but we should try to fix it."

"You mean your gonna fix it."

"Yousa mehou goha wha?"

"Your fixing it...and could you hurry...Daisy seems fidgety."

"I'm fine!"

Taylor tryed everything...plunger,flushing it more,even shooting it... And nothing. Daisy was inside rocking back and forth in a chair when suddenly...she had a heavy spike hit her and a leak escaped into her pants. She made a dash for the bathrooms. "Uhhh Taylor. Are they fixed?"

"No...use a can like I did if you need to..."

"I couldn't....plus your second half landed on the floor!"

"Ok then you and just stand there and be miserable then." That was enough to scare Daisy, another leak escaped and she baca me severely desperate. " ok I'm sorry, could you please hurry though.its actually a serious problem now."

"I'll try... No promises though." So Daisy waits...and waits......and..." Nnnnnngggggg uhhh Taylor I can't hold it anymore...please tell me it's fixed."

"nope still working on it...there's still a can there..."

"NO!!!!!!" Screaming like that sent another jolt......and it may have also attracted some wolves...and a bear........yea. Wolves surprised Daisy by jumping on her and finally her floodgates opened. She cried and the wolf then went to town...clawing at her face and everything...

"SHIT DAISY!!!" Taylor screamed as she beat the wolf with a brick.then more came and finally the bear... "...RUN!!!!" The girls ran inside and got everyone to help. "That's a fucking bear out there...jewels what about this are we doing..."

"Uhhhh shit I uhhh.." Just then kat dashed out the door.then all that was heard was growels and screams. "KAT, IM COMMING!!!. Taylor screeched as she blitzed out the door. Kat was pinned under the bear and just before it killed her Taylor tackled it. The bear quickly retaliated by whaling her upside the head, knocking her out. It then dragged her into the forest. "TAYLOR,TAYLOR,TA..." Then the horn..."Taylor selena has fallen due to bear wounds...were so sorry."

"AHHHHHH TTTTAAAAAAAYYYYYLLLLOOOOORRRRRRRRR...".......the girls found her body in the forest. "Oh my god no...I can't believe it. " *cough* uhh help me..."

"Pam what's wrong?"

"I'm done for...the bear smashed me with his foot........I'm so sorry about Taylor....ill love you all forever in my CPU......" Then Pam went black. The girls grabbed both Taylor and Pam, they took them back to camp. "Today we honor Taylor and her memory. May we always remember her hilarious humor...and....and *sniff...sniff* her resilience in our fight......we love you Taylor...." Jewels said as they lowered Taylor into the grave.

R.I.P Taylor Selena, we will always remember you...

PART 8 SOON...

*015*2016-06-16 06:11

Part 8 preview

...that same night tulip came back to her grave.....she slowly set something down

A soda...

1 week later. . .

"Daisy, we need the search party sent out again...I think we have a heavy lead on violet...the violent."

"Just say it jewels...tulip and I are great at this."

"Ok head to the caustic cauldron and search...here." She pointed on the map. "Copy that, flower power out." Tulip chose the name. Jewels sighed...it was a week and still she wasn't over Taylor...a tear fell from her cheek as kat walked in the room. "Jewels I got some more ammunition made... 5.56,7.62,and my personal fave,90.cal.....look I miss her too...but violet could pick anyone of us off at any second. That bear that killed our best friend..." WAS COMMANDED BY VIOLET THE VIOLENT HER SELF......and.....she......will...pay. . .

Part 8 is gonna be huge so bear with me guys...I'm still working on it

*017*2016-06-21 03:43

Here it is... The long awaited part 8........

LES DO THIS!!!

"Tulip...you remember your lessons right?" Tulip nodded.daisy was very concerned for her because this was here first real mission.nothing like the hunts but she was doing recon. They dashed through the forest and then.*BEEP* "NOW" then tulip flew into the air with her katana.turrets flew up out of the ground and aimed at her... *BRATATATATATAT*......tulip pulled a darth vader and blocked very bullet with her blade. It was simply...well amazing isn't a strong enough word for it. Daisy gave her a smirk and then tuck and rolled under the laser trip wires. Kat and jewels were right behind on the Hawk-X,a flying stealth machine. Tulip found the entrance to an underground area but the door was shut and locked. "Ok...I got this...DANGER CLOSE." Said kat as 3 missiles hit the door blowing it off the hinges. "Great work now land us kat,let's see where this goes." The girls went down into to cave when they reached another door...not locked but with the letters VtV. . .

"This is it. Stay quiet as long as we can." So the girls crept inside to find an armory filled with things thought to be unthinkable. Tulip found a separate room to the right. She tiptoed up...opened the door...and found violet taking a dump...XD....she then dashed at her...and her katana went right through her...hologram. "Wha..."just then a voice was heard and tulip flew back from an explosion. "I see you found my decoy...marvelous darling...but I'm afraid your life shall end." Daisy turned to tulip who had nails in her stomach from the bomb, she also noticed a yellow trail escape and form a puddle around her. "TULIP!!!"

"I'm *cough* I'm fine...it's only a flesh wound. I'll be *cough,cough* ripe as a peach in a sec."

"Tulip your hurt...here I have some alatrosia...for your wounds." She then put some ofthe special elixir on her. Tulip wailed in pain but the serum worked like a charm. "Oh so precious...she is only a flower though...that's all she ever was....weak...and only the strong survive in this world. Now I'm going to give you a chance to leave...while you are able." They just stood there not moving "violet, we know you killed Taylor...we're going to give YOU a chance...Come out and FIGHT US. OR BE A BITCH AND STAY UP IN YOUR PANIC ROOM YOU WUSS."

"Damn kat..."

"....hmmm charming....well I warned you.....DONT SAY I DIDNT LET YOU LEAVE!!!" Then some thing bright appeared. And on a screen Violet's face popped up...then they realized... She was a monster...8 legs, 3 heads, 250 sharp teeth. And other mysterys. "NOW YOU REALIZE WHAT I REALLY AM...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.

JUST THEN SHE DOVE IN THE AIR AND WEBS SHOT EVERY WHERE...THE GIRLS DID ALL THEY COULD TO DODGE...THEY DOVE BEHIND A TRUCK. "AHHHHHH WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT FUCKING THING AND WHAT THE FUCK DO WE FUCKING DO?"

"I DONT KNOW" the girls cowered in fear when tulip got a look on her face. "Daisy...this world will tear you apart...you must stay strong...RUN ILL HOLD HER OFF." Then tulip dove out from under the truck and with her katana dragged it across the things stomach cutting it in half. "TULIP...NO."

"RUN DAISY PLEASE JUST LET ME D.....GAhahaugh." The thing had shot a web through tulips chest with the force of a 50.cal sniper. She landed right In front of Daisy. "Da...Daisy...it's ok...ill....see..see.mom..and...dad.....all grandma,gr....grandpa......ill tell them your ok......i........i....i...ill keep you in my heart big sis...always. . ." Tulips eyes closed and she went cold. "I....I'm so sorry...I'm so sorry tulip.......ahuahuahuuuuuu...." Daisy cried... The thing came up behind her though."

AWWWW BOOFUCKING HOOOO... I LOST MY SISTER TO BUT I WAS TOUGH ABOUT IT....WAIT...WHAT ARE YOU..?" Daisy picked up tulips sword.... Looked at the thing.....and smiled? "Heh.....you know something....YOU UNLEASHED HELL." Daisys eyes then glowed red...the sword caught flame And the ground flew up into armor for her... "Now the real fight begins... YOU GODDAMN DIRTY SISTER KILLER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" DAISY DASHED FORWARD WITH EVERYTHING IN HER...SHE COULD FEEL THE SOULS OF HER FAMILY PULLSING WITHIN HER. "aaaHHHHHHHHH"

*SHISHCKPLAT* "Gah uhg neh." Violet's form exploded...she was herself again but Daisy was out for blood and vengeance. "Daisy please listen that...thing....took me over it had my mind....please I'm so sorry........please show mercy." Violet broke into tears. Daisy was left with a choice..kill violet for tulip.....or let her live....

"Violet.......your sob story means nothing to me...cause you see...I have no one left now...and it's all because of you...you want mercy? Well I'm all out you fucking bitch..." Then Daisy shoved the sword into Violet's chest...she screamed in unbelievable pain. Daisy started dragging the blade down her chest to her stomach...blood pooling below her. Her screams were unrelenting and agonizing. "You killed my sister...you killed my sister...MY LAST FAMILY MEMBER!!!! I'm gonna watch you fucking bleed away...to hell with your mercy...I'm done with being nice." Daisy said as she twisted the blade around and around. Violet breaking the sound barrier with her screams...tears exploding from her eyes. ".....i.....don't.......want........to........die...."

"Yea? Well I don't want my sister to be dead but she is." Violet's screams were quieter and quieter until Daisy jammed the sword through her sides finally killing her...Daisy the sliced her with the sword.....then again.....and again and again until she was in a relentless flurry of butchering violet into tiny chunks of meat. "DAISY...DAISY ITS ME KAT...DAISY FUCKING STOP..." Daisy screamed in sadness and anger. "She's gone...there nothing I could do........"

"It's not your fault Daisy....let's head home we have another to bury..." They got home with tulips body...they did the only thing they could....do........another week passes and the dropship comes to take the last surviving girls out of the arena...

Jewels ended up a world class baker of cookies and sweets.kat was a coach for the girls at the local high school.daisy kept persuing her dream...she was a scientist searching for the cure to S35-X and she found the cure to the worst disease in the world. She now lives happily with a husband named Drake...and has two a oracle daughters one named Katherine, and the other... is tulip Jr. . .

To those who have enjoyed season one........season 2 will be coming.....some day.

Thanks for reading...

After tulips death in the dome...on her grave grew a single tulip flower......goodbye.

