The Little Wet Vampire: Yu-Gi-Oh! Edition

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2015-12-16 08:09

This story does not actually take place in the Yu-Gi-Oh! universe, but is instead centered around the card game, where Nikki and her opponent use the contents of their bladder in place of life points. Just a random thing I decided to type up one day, but a friend recommended I post it. So what the heck, why not?

### -- --

Nikki ripped off the top of the booster pack, quickly dumping out the cards inside.

“Come on, come on!” She whispered. “Just need one more…”

Skelesaurus, Gagagatag, Ghostrick Vanish, another Vampire Kingdom…

A grin slowly grew over the vampire girl’s face. She finally got it.

“Crimson Knight Vampire Bram!” Nikki exclaimed. “With this, my vampire deck is complete!” The girl quickly inserted the card into her deck. She always kept her extra deck behind her main deck, so that they wouldn’t get mixed up in each other, but after finally obtaining a card like this, perhaps it was time to start placing the extra deck in the front.

“Is that card pretty good?” asked the boy next to her.

“It’s good for a vampire deck.” Nikki replied.

“I’ve never seen anyone use a vampire deck before. Are they good?”

Nikki shrugged. “They’re all right. But I don’t want to give too many secrets away before the tournament starts though.”

“Oh, I forgot!” the kid said. “How many people are gonna be there?”

“Not sure.” Nikki turned to the card shop owner. “Geoff, how large of a turn out are you expecting for this tourney?”

“It’s not gonna be that big.” The owner replied as he placed some cash into the register. “With you in there, we have fifteen people registered. If we get one more, we can do a sixteen-player tournament.”

“Hmmm…” Nikki mused, tapping her chin with her forefinger. “Isabel and Commando will be there, right?”

Geoff nodded and put his hands in the pockets of his pants. “They said they would. Isabel put together a pretty nice Harpie deck from what I’ve heard.”

“Yeah, ever since she ordered that old structure deck off of Amazon, she’s been hung up on the Harpie cards.”

“What deck is Commando using these days?” Geoff asked.

“Last time we dueled, he was still using that weird Dark Necrofear and Destiny Board deck.”

“‘Destiny Board’?” Geoff grimaced. “People still use that?”

Nikki shook her head. “Nah, he only uses it for fun. I think he’s been putting something else together for the tournament. He’s getting a lot of those Dimension of Chaos packs, so I’m wondering if he’s putting together a Black Luster Soldier deck.”

Geoff laughed. “Well back to the tournament, you have any ideas for a sixteenth player?”

Nikki paused for a minute. “Hard to say. Most of the people I know are only into M-T-G.”

“‘M-T-G?’?” the boy asked.

“Magic: The Gathering.” Nikki replied.

“Oh right.”

“Nevertheless…” Nikki smiled. “I think I know someone who might do it.”

“Who?” asked Geoff.

“A friend from school.” Nikki answered. “Her name is Megan Garcia. She doesn’t usually do tourneys but I’d bet I can persuade her.”

“I’d definitely appreciate it if you could, otherwise I’d have to reject the last entry to have a 14 player tournament.”

Nikki grinned mischievously. “Don’t worry. I’ll convince her, because I have the perfect coercion material.

—

Nikki pulled out her key and unlocked the door.

“Commando? Isabel? Anyone home?” she yelled as she walked in. The house was silent. “Everyone must still be at work.” Nikki quickly pulled out her phone and began working on a text message.

Megan come over 2 my place real quick. theres something id like 2 talk about.

Something “fun” >:D

The red-headed girl placed her backpack on the floor next to the couch, then opened her water bottle and took a few drinks. About two minutes passed, then her phone began to vibrate from receiving a message. It was from Megan.

“what is it”

Nikki quickly typed a response.

“ill tell u when u get here. bring your deck and drink lots of fluids.”

And the reply,

“LOL you want to do another hold?”

Nikki chuckled.

“not quite but something similar”

Roughly an hour passed until Nikki heard a knock on the front door.

“About time, Megan!” Nikki said as she opened the door.

“I was packing extra clothes!” Megan replied. “I don’t want to pee myself again and have to walk home with a wet spot on my crotch!”

Nikki grinned, “You’re the one who thought she could hold it longer than I could!”

Megan rolled her eyes. “So what did you want to talk about?”

“I was hoping I could persuade you to join the Yu-Gi-Oh! Tournament at Geoff’s card shop this weekend!”

Megan frowned. “Nik, you know I don’t do tournaments.”

“It’s not going to kill you.”

“I just…” Megan anxiously pulled her wavy blonde hair from her eyes. “It gets a little too competitive for me. I don’t like that sort of atmosphere.”

“Oh, come on!” Nikki protested. “Commando will be there, Isabel will be there, the O’Neills will be there. It’s a bunch of friends.”

Megan nervously slid her foot along the ground in a circular pattern. “I don’t know…”

“Well that’s why I wanted you to bring your deck and fill your bladder.” Nikki said. “How badly do you have to go?”

“Bad enough.” Megan answered.

“Okay, we’ll duel, but instead of losing life points when you take damage, you have to pee.”

Megan grinned in the same naughty manner that Nikki did. “I like the way you think!”

“Let’s go to my room.” The two girls walked down the hall over to Nikki’s bedroom. It was a small room, no more than 6 square meters in size, but it had a nice open space on the ground which was perfect for card playing. Moreover, the floor was a hardwood one, so puddles would quickly become evident.

“So how do we want to do this?” Megan asked. “I’d rather not get pee on my cards.”

Nikki walked over to her closet and grabbed two boxes. “We’ll sit on the floor, but play our cards on these.”

“All right, sounds good.”

The girls sat down in front of their boxes, placed their main decks and extra decks on their boxes, then shuffled their decks.

“So we pee a little each time we take damage?” Megan asked.

“You pee in proportion to how much damage you take.” Nikki explained. “If it’s like, 1000 damage or less, you just let a little out. If it’s 1000-2000, let out a spurt. If it’s 3000 or more, let out a lot. First one to empty their bladder, loses the duel.”

“All right, but I’m not losing this.” Megan said with a confident smile.

“Oh, and loser gets to clean the mess.” Nikki added.

“Good. I was hoping I could get out of cleaning it.”

Nikki raised an eyebrow, then placed a fist over her open palm. “All right, ms. overconfident. Let’s see who goes first.”

Both girls hit their fist on their open palm twice, then showed their choice.

Nikki had the finger position of “scissors”, while Megan had “rock”.

“All right, you go first.” Megan said.

Nikki sighed and drew five cards. “Vampire Lady”, “Secret Sect Druid Wid”, “Pumprincess the Princess of Ghosts”, “Foolish Burial”, and “Dark Armed Dragon”.

All right, Dark Armed Dragon on first draw. That means as soon as I can put three DARK monsters in my graveyard, I can start owning this duel.

Nikki began to shake her right leg. The need to pee was more intense than she imagined. Sitting always made it worse for her than standing. Megan’s situation wasn’t much different though. The girl was subtly rocking back and forth in a cross-legged position, clearly struggling to keep herself from peeing everywhere.

Hmmm… Nikki thought. But if I use Pumprincess now, I can start weakening Megan’s monsters.

“I’ll play Pumprincess in attack mode.” Nikki said, taking the card and placing it on the box, face-up. “Then I’ll play the spell card, ‘Foolish Burial’.” Nikki played the card, then picked up her deck and began to search through it.

There you are! Vampire Sorcerer! Right at the bottom of the deck!

Nikki took out the Vampire Sorcerer and placed it in her graveyard pile, then shuffled her deck.

“That ends my turn.” Nikki said. “Your move.”

Megan nodded, then drew a card from her deck. “I’ll play ‘Charge of the Light Brigade’.”

Megan sent three cards from the top of her deck to her graveyard, then fished out the card “Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn.”

“Still using Lightsworn, huh?” Nikki asked.

“They’re good cards!” Megan said.

“Sure, if you don’t mill yourself to death.” Nikki laughed.

One of the cards sent to the grave by “Charge of the Light Brigade” was “Minerva, Lightsworn Maiden,” which meant that Megan had to send another card from her deck to the grave.

“All right,” Megan said. “I’ll play one card face down, then summon Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn in attack mode, then I’ll attack your Pumprincess. You take 800 damage.”

“So I do.” Nikki took her card and placed it in her spell/trap zone, as per the effect.

“Okay, you have to pee a little bit now.” Megan said.

“Yeah, yeah…” sighed Nikki. The red-head looked down at the crotch of her pants, then relaxed her lower body slightly.

“…Well?” asked Megan.

“Well what?” Nikki asked. “I peed a little!”

“I didn’t even see anything!”

“Like I said, you only have to let a little bit out if it’s 1000 or less damage.”

“You probably didn’t even actually pee.”

“Do you want proof?”

“Well yeah!” Megan shouted. “I think you should still be able to see a wet spot of some kind!”

Nikki rolled her eyes. She unbuttoned her pants, then slid them down, revealing her white cotton panties. However, when Megan looked down at the red-haired girl’s crotch, there was not so much as a single stain of wetness.

“I knew it.” Megan said, shaking her head.

“I promise you, I peed in them!” Nikki said solemnly.

“I don’t see anything!”

“All right, fine. How about this?” Nikki stood up then pulled her panties down until they were just above her knees, then she spread her legs where she stood.

“Wh-What are you doing!?” Megan cried.

“Proving to you that I’m peeing in my panties.” Nikki retorted. “I might be weird but I’m a girl of my word.”

There was a brief pause. Megan looked down at her friend’s pale crotch, where a small sliver of pink skin hung, and nearly squealed when she saw about seven drops of liquid spill out from it and into the panties below.

“All right, sorry I doubted you!” Megan said. “I’ll end my turn then.” She sent two cards from the top of her deck, as per Raiden’s effect, then sat down.

Nikki pulled her slightly damp panties back up, then pulled her pants back up and fastened them. She then sat back down, and drew a card from her deck. “Call of the Mummy.”

“Placing a counter on Pumprincess, for effect.” Nikki took out a penny from a small jar on her dresser and placed it on the card.

“Remind me what that does.” Megan said.

“Every standby phase, I place a counter on the card and your monsters lose 100 ATK for each counter. And with that…” Nikki grabbed a card from her hand. “I activate ‘Call of the Mummy’, then special summon ‘Vampire Lady’ from my hand. Then I’ll normal summon Secret Sect Druid Wid.” Nikki placed both cards out. “Now, I’ll xyz summon my Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon…” Nikki stacked the two cards on top another then removed the appropriate card from her extra deck and placed it on top of the already stacked cards, “…and activate its effect.” Nikki removed the cards from under “Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon” and placed them in her grave. “Target Raiden and raise my ATK to 3300.”

Nikki then checked her graveyard and grinned. “And now that there are three DARK monsters in my graveyard, I’ll special summon my ‘Dark Armed Dragon’.”

“Uh oh…” Megan sank in her spot.

“I’ll banish ‘Vampire Lady’ from my grave to destroy your face down card, then I’ll banish Druid to destroy Raiden.”

Megan sent both cards to the graveyard.

Nikki grinned. “Dark Rebellion will attack you directly, then Dark Armed Dragon will attack you directly for a total of 6100 damage.”

“Wonderful…” Megan groaned. “So much pee do I have to let out?”

“I’d say… about ten seconds worth.” Nikki chuckled.

“All right… do you want me take off my pants and panties too?” Megan asked.

“Nah. I think I’ll be able to tell whether you’ve peed or not.” Nikki proudly crossed her arms and watched the crotch of Megan’s pants. A dark spot began to appear on the khaki pants she wore, and the slight hissing sound of her pee striking the fabric of her panties could be faintly heard.

“Ten… Nine… Eight… Seven… Six… Five…” Megan counted. At this point, a clear, slightly golden puddle could be seen expanding from around her hips. “Four… Three… Two… One… Zero.” The hissing ceased, but there was now a large puddle of pee on Nikki’s bedroom floor.

“Very hot!” Nikki said, trying not to laugh.

“So much for getting out of this game dry…” Megan sighed. “But that doesn’t mean I’m stuck on clean-up duty!”

“Not empty?” Nikki teased.

“If I was, I wouldn’t be squirming still.” Sure enough, Megan was still rocking back and forth in her seat, attempting to hold back the urine that remained inside of her.

“All right, your move then.”

Megan drew a card, then Nikki placed another counter on Pumprincess.

“First, with five LIGHT monsters in my graveyard,” Megan said, “I’ll special summon ‘Lightray Diabolos’ from my hand. Then I’ll normal summon ‘Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner’, discard a card, then summon ‘Raiden, hand of the Lightsworn' from my grave. Next, I’ll send ‘Lumina’ and ‘Raiden’ to the grave to synchro summon ‘Michael, The Arch-Lightsworn’.”

The signature card of the Lightsworn deck… Nikki knew this would turn sour.

“Now I’ll use Michael’s effect and pay 1000 life points and-“ Megan paused. “Using that effect means I have to pee a little, don’t I?”

Nikki shrugged. “You’re losing life points, so yeah.”

“But you said ‘only when you take damage’ earlier.”

“Well yeah, but otherwise there’s no cost to use the ability and that’s not fair.”

“Oh, yeah.” Megan heaved a sigh. “It’s only a thousand so no big deal.”

“Ah! Wait!” Nikki stopped her. “Since it’s only a little, you have to show me.”

“Fiiiiine!” Megan groaned. The blonde girl pulled her pants and panties down to her knees, revealing her a slit of her own. However, unlike Nikki’s, this one was soaking wet with pee. Nikki couldn’t help but smile at the sight of that wet crotch.

“Do it!”

Megan held her breath and pushed. A few trickles of pee spilled out of her body and into her panties. “Is that good?”

“It’ll do.” Nikki nodded.

Megan pulled her clothes back up. “Then I’ll target your Dark Rebellion Dragon and banish it. Then I’ll have Lightray Diabolos attack your Dark Armed Dragon.”

“Um… are you forgetting Pumprincess?” asked Nikki.

“Not at all.” Megan said. “Because I have ‘Honest’ in my hand.” she discarded the card to the graveyard, allowing her to increase the ATK of her Diabolos card by Dark Armed Dragon’s ATK. “Which means you take 2600 damage from that, and then 2400 damage from a direct attack by Michael.”

“5000 total, huh?” Nikki groaned. “All right, here we go.” Nikki stood up, and spread her legs apart. The sound of urine hitting fabric echoed in the room and a dark spot quickly formed on her pants. Pee began to ferociously drip from the backside of her jeans and onto the floor. No sooner than later was there a puddle the size of Megan’s underneath the red-haired girl. “That good?”

Megan smirked. “Hmmm… just a little more!”

Nikki shook her head and rolled her eyes, placed her hands on her hips, then let out a bit more, which cascaded down her legs and onto the floor with the rest of her urine.

“Are you empty?” Megan asked.

“Not quite.” Nikki said.

“Damn it!” Megan cursed. “Okay, end turn.” Megan sent three cards from her deck to the grave for Michael’s effect.

Nikki sat down in her puddle, drew a card, then placed a counter on Pumprincess.

“Tristan, Knight of the Underworld.” That doesn’t help at all!

“I’ll play one monster face down in defense mode and end my turn.” With no cards left in her hand, there was little else to be done.

Megan drew a card from her deck, and Nikki placed another counter on Pumprincess. “I’ll play a monster in defense mode as well, then I’ll use Michael’s effect again.”

“Hey… you know if you do, and this was a normal game, that would put you over 8000 in damage.” Nikki commented.

“I know.” Megan retorted. “But as you pointed out, this isn’t a normal game!” Megan stood up, pulled her pants and panties down again, and let out a brief stream of pee. This time, however, Megan neglected to spread her legs, and to her surprise, her pee squirted forward instead of straight down, like she expected, and to her dismay, that squirt of pee landed on her Diabolos card. “Aw, Damn it!”

Nikki tried. She really did try, but given the circumstance there was no way she would succeed. The red-head burst out into laughter. “Oh my God! You just peed on your cards!”

“I… I wasn’t trying to!” Megan cried. “I forgot to spread my legs apart!”

“Oh, I’m sorry!” Nikki staggered for breath. “I don’t mean to laugh, but that was funny!”

“You wouldn’t be laughing if they were your cards…”

“Oh, come on! I’ll bet if you ask Commando, he’ll give you his.”

Megan sighed, then pulled her pants up and sat down. “All right, I’ll banish your Pumprincess card, then I’ll have Michael attack your face down card.”

Nikki flipped the monster card, then sent it to the graveyard.

“And finally, I’ll have Diabolos attack you directly for 2800 damage.”

“Which means… I get to pee again…” Nikki leaned back and spread her legs, then let loose the contents of her bladder. The already large puddle beneath her began to expand even more, overtaking the boxes and joining with Megan’s puddle.

“Awwwww, puddle kiss!” Megan exclaimed.

“Looks like that’s all she’s got.” Nikki said. “Bladder’s empty.”

“Well I guess that means you get to clean it up!” Megan laughed.

“Yeah…” Nikki made a loud sigh as she looked at the oversized puddle of urine. “I got my work cut out for me.”

“Well, I still have to pee some,” Megan said, “so I’m going to go empty the rest into the toilet, then I’m going to use your shower and rinse off, then change my clothes.”

“You sure I can’t convince you to join the tournament?” Nikki asked.

Megan thought for a minute, then grinned. “Yeah sure, I’ll join the tournament! Doubt that they’ll be this fun though!”

Nikki smirked. “I’m sure that you and I, at least, can find a way to spice things up!”

*010*2015-12-18 09:42

Life in MtG and life points in Yu-Gi-Oh! are analogous to each other, so in theory, you could play an MtG version of this.

And blocking suddenly becomes very critical...

