Poor her - Page 6

Author: largebio

*130*2018-12-28 20:16

The next day, the girls get dressed for another day.

“Not wearing a dress today?”, Natalia asks her sister.

“Nope. Just bikini top and jean shorts - commando”, Laura answers.

“Why? Wanna stand in line at the port-a-potties?”, Natalia asks susprised.

“Hell no. But having seen plenty of wet shorts, I feel comfortable wetting them. Plus I’ve always wondered what it feels like, wetting comando”, Laura replies.

“Okay... Whatever. But don’t think I’m gonna do the same”, Natalia says indifferently.

“Your loss”, Laura laughs cheekily.

As the day progresses the sisters’ bladders fill up with plenty of beer. And Natalia is the first in need of a wee. Like yesterday, she secretely wets her bikini bottoms under her dress.

Then, Laura feels the need to urinate, but for a minute she starts having second thoughts.

“What will be people think? Seeing me in wet shorts?”, she thinks to herself. “Should I just go to the port-a-potties?”

But she also knows she’s too desperate to wait in line. And thus - also aided by the amount of alcohol in her system - she relaxes her bladder muscles.

Soon her shorts are drenched, but most people don’t seem to care even though they notice. Much to Laura’s relief.

“So, what does it feel like?”, her sister asks.

“Well, as there’s no fabric clinging to my pussy, it feels much more free and naughty”, Laura smiles. “And it really turns me on”.

The rest of the day, Laura keeps rewetting her shorts often enough to never let them completely dry.

Obviously, people notice. But Laura doesn’t feel ashamed. In fact, she quite likes the attention.

TO BE CONTINUED

*135*2019-01-02 20:38

The next day - as the festival is over - the sisters pack their stuff and drive back home.

With Natalia driving, Laura quickly dozes off due to lack of sleep over the past week end.

In her dream, Laura relives witnessing Veronica’s accident. But this time she walks up to her.

“Don’t worry, accidents happen”, Laura says.

“Accidents happen. With five year olds, not 23 year olds like me”, Veronica says through her tears.

“But you were drunk” Laura says in an effort to console her.

“I’ve been drunk dozens of times, but I never pissed myself”

“And the line was endless”, Laura continues her efforts in vain.

“But still...”, Veronica says, still crying in shame.

In a final attempt to comfort Veronica, Laura admits to wetting herself all day long.

“Really?”

“Yeah, really”, Laura says. “In fact I think I’m about to again”.

She relaxes, but just as the first drops hit her bikini bottoms, she wakes up.

Shocked, she secretely checks whether she’s still dry. She delighted to find out she is, but her bladder is full. To the brim.

“Hey sis, could you please pull over asap. I really really have to pee”, she asks while burying her left hand in her crotch.

“Hey, you’re awake again... oh wow you’re not kidding”, Natalia answers. “Didn’t you go before we left?”

“I may have forgotten to...”, Laura says.

“Well you better not ruin the seat, I just got this car a month ago”, Natalia says strictly.

“You better hurry then”.

Luckily for Laura, the next rest stop is only five minutes away. But as soon as Natalia flips her turning signal on, Laura burries her right in her crotch too.

“I leaked some” she admits.

“Just hold it a little longer please”, Natalia begs.

The spurt has dampened Laura’s knickers, but her pink slacks are still dry.

She jumps out of the car before it has come to a complete stop, but gravity pulling on her bladder causes her to spurt again.

Laura’s knickers are now quite wet, and if it weren’t for her hands burried in her crotch, the tiniest of wet spots would be visible.

The thirty second walk - or waddle - towards the ladies room is pure agony as she loses more and more of her pent up urine. And by the time she reaches them, the wet spot has grown to the size of a dinner plate.

“Luckily I’m the only one here”, she thinks out loud.

But as it turns out she isn’t exactly alone, as both stalls are occupied.

“Fuck”, Laura whispers.

Both hands burried in her crotch and bouncing up and down, she begs one of the stalls open up quickly.

Drops of pee are already dripping down her legs as a flushing sound can be heard coming from the right hand stall.

The flush turns out to be too much, as all her control slips away. Her knickers and slacks are soon soaked and rivulets of pee run down her legs.

From the stall, a ten year old girl emerges and heads over to the sink, unable to keep her eyes away from Laura.

Defeated and softly sobbing, Laura enters the stall, locks it and sits on the toilet.

She completely empties her bladder, straight through her slacks and knickers before trying to clean some of the mess she made.

TO BE CONTINUED

*138*2019-01-08 21:40

Months later - in the midst of winter - Laura and Natalia and their parents visit Anna and her parents in their chalet in the French Alps.

On their first day the 3 girls go skiing early in the morning. They rush to the lifts hoping to beat the crowds, but find a decent queue already.

“Guess it wasn’t worth it, skipping my morning pee”, Laura says.

“You skipped your morning pee?”, Natalia asks surprised.

“Well... normally I go in the shower... but as we decided not to shower in order to save time...”, Laura explains.

“You still could have gone. I did”, Natalia says.

“She’s not the only one needing to pee”, Anna says crossing her legs. “I need a break at the loos at the summit station”.

But the queue moves agonisingly slowly.

“Have we even moved the last couple of minutes?”, Anna asked annoyed.

Just then an announcement starts; due to technical issues the whole lift needs to be rebooted, which can take up to fifteen minutes.

“Fifteen minutes?”, Natalia says worriedly. “Plus fifteen minutes to the summit, plus whatever time it takes us to get to the front of the line, I hope I can stay dry”.

“Me too. I really don’t wanna wet myself in this cold”, Anna adds.

“Maybe you should have been more sensible this morning then”, Natalia says teasing her sister and cousin.

The fifteen minutes go by, slowly. The desperate cousins are struggling to hold on and not draw too much attention. But in the end Laura is constantly shifting her feet.

Finally the lift starts back up again and within minutes it’s the girls’ turn. The sisters share a gondola, and Anna shares one with a random girl.

At the summit, Laura jumps off the lift and immediately starts pee-pee dancing.

She hands her skis to her sister:”you coming, cous?”

“Uhhm.... I don’t really need to go anymore”, Anna answers, blushing bright red.

Laura, too desperate to care, runs towards the restaurant in which the toilets are located.

“Wet yourself”, Natalia asks rhetorically.

“It just came out. Holding my skis in one hand and wearing mits, I couldn’t do much to stop it. I think the girl next to me heard me hissing. But it got contained inside my water tight snow pants, until I got up. Now there’s a puddle of pee in each of my boots”, Anna tells.

“At least it’s still warm”, Natalia says trying to lighten the athmosphere.

Just then Laura returns. Not looking relieved in the least.

“The bathrooms are not open yet”, she says. “I’ll have to hold it till we get back down”.

“Can you?”, Anna asks.

“Sure”, Laura says overly confident.

But as soon as she tries to click into her skis, the dam bursts. She freezes as soon as she feels her knickers and leggings she’s wearing under her snow pants getting wet.

“Uh oh. Looks like my little sister’s having an accident”

Feeling her urine pooling in her boots, Laura shyly nodds. After wich, she comes back to her senses and continues with what she left off with: getting her skis on.

“Ready to go”, she says, feeling the last drops leaving her.

TO BE CONTINUED

*141*2019-01-11 21:58

The rest of the day the girls make it to their bathroom breaks and during the night they talk about their experiences over the past few months.

Laura talks about her short but hot and wet relationship with John and Natalia tells about the festival.

“So... Have you had any special experiences?”, Laura asks Anna.

“Well... there’s this new girl in my class. Her name’s Karolina, an expat’s daughtet from Lithuania. Really shy, doesn’t talk much. So one day she came running into class after recess, just before the bell rang. She sat down in front of me and then I saw it”, Anna says.

“Saw what”, Natalia asks intrigued.

“Her jeans were wet at her butt and down her legs”, Anna answers.

“What had happened?”, Laura asks.

“Well, obviously she wet herself, smart ass”, Natalia says.

“Well yeah... I get that”, Laura says annoyed.

“Well... she was surprisingly open about it”, Anna continues, “as part of some ‘hazing’ two bully girls blocked her from any toilet whenever she wanted to go. Until it just came out.”

”That’s so unfair of the bullies”, Laura says.

“I know, so I told her about my night time accidents. It really cheares her up”, Anna continues. “And now we’re friends”.

“Awesome! But what I meant earlier... have you had any accidents other than in your bed?”, Laura asks.

“One time, me and Karolina were hanging out at the lake we hung out at too. The weather wasn’t as nice though, so I was wearing jeans rather than a bikini. I was already in need of a pee for a while when she found out I’m quite ticklish”, Anna starts her second story of the night.

“I already like where this is going”, Laura says smiling.

“She kept tickling to annoy me, unaware of my need. Then I lost a spurt and begged her to stop. But she wouldn’t. After a while, I had lost so many spurts, the crotch of my jeans were visibly wet. I told her I was about to pee myself, and that my crotch was already wet. She saw it was, and then said something to absolutely stun me”.

Laura and Natalia’s eyes widen, filled with intrigue and suspense.

“I said I was gonna pop a squat, out of sight if she wanted to. But instead, she tickled me even more ferociously, saying that after I had seen her in wet jeans, it was only fair for her to see me in wet jeans”.

“Wow, that was a big surprise”, Anna says stunned.

“Yeah, but she immediately felt bad though, saying she was no better than the bullies who made her pee herself. I explicitly told her it was no big deal, but she kept appologising. She even stood up and wet herself, ‘so that we’re back even”, Anna concludes.

“WOW! So the shy girl is actually very naughty”, Laura says.

“Ohh you don’t know half of how naughty she is”, Anna thinks to herself.

TO BE CONTINUED

*146*2019-01-15 21:03

The next morning the girls wake up to a knock on their bedroom door. Quickly, they cover their naked bodies with a duvet.

It’s Anna’s mom: “Look who I found”, she says.

Karolina pokes her head around the door: “surprise”. She then quickly runs towards Anna and kisses her passionately.

“What’s this? You naked around two other girls... You’re not cheating on me, are you?”, she then asks giggly

“You know I’d never do that to you”, Anna laughs. “Please meet my cousins, Laura and Natalia”.

“Hi...nice to meet you”, the sisters stammer, clearly stunned.

“Ok... so uhhmm what I didn’t tell you last night...”Anna says shyly, “It uhhhm turns out I’m lesbian. And we’re dating”.

“Cool!”, Laura says.

“Awesome”, Natalia adds.

“But before we continue the pleasantries, I’ve been driving all night”, Karolina says, winking at Anna.

“You don’t have to be stealthy around them”, Anna says, “these are my pee cousins”.

“Ohhh... Now I remember why their names sounded so familiar”, Karolina says while entering the en suite bathroom.

With the door still open - so all three can see - she sits down on the toilet, still fully clothed and starts pissing.

“Ahhh”, she sighs, “it’s been too long since I last wet myself”.

Anna walks towards her still pissing girlfriend and starts kissing her again.

“Come on sis, let’s give them some privacy”, Laura says while grabbing some clothes.

TO BE CONTINUED

*149*2019-01-19 06:47

During the rest of the morning and at lunch, the girls share their favourite wet experiences.

“Remember when we had that field trip to the champagne region?”, Karolina asks.

“That was fun”, Anna answers.

“Tell us about it”, Laura says excitedly.

“So we were going to visit some champagne vineyard near Reims, about a two and a half hours’ coach ride from our school”, Karolina starts the story.

“And because we had to be there at nine, we had to be at school at six”, Anna adds.

“Due to some traffic we got there with two minutes to spare and were rushed to a presentation about the vineyard”, Karolina continues.

“After the hour long presentation...”.

“In abysmal English”, Karolina interrupts her girlfriend.

“Absolutely. But then we were given a tour of the facilities, they told us...”

”In even worse English”, Karolina interrupts again.

“About how champagne is produced. And in the background you could clearly hear running water, annoying my already quite full bladder”, Anna tells.

“She told me about her need, and because we arrived just in time, she hadn’t had a chance to go. I told her I was in the same predicament”, Karolina adds.

“Couldn’t you’ve gone on the coach?”, Natalia asks.

“It didn’t have a loo”, Anna answers.

“After the tour we headed into the vineyards, where - after a short walk - we were given a picknick style lunch”, Karolina continues.

“By that time I was absolutely bursting. I was frantically looking for a place to relieve myself. But there was nowhere to hide from view. But I also saw how the guys relieved themselves, just a stones throw away from us. But I was wearing jeans and there was no way I was gonna squat in sight of the others”, Anna says.

“After lunch, we continued the tour of the vineyard. We had dropped to the back of the group, bursting for a wee. Then I felt a spurt escape, I stopped it but I was afraid I’d be in wet jeans in front of my classmates for the second time in as many months”, Karolina says.

“But then finally, we had some luck, we entered an abandoned storeroom. They told us what they used to store there and how it had become obsolete. All the while we were dancing around, desperately holding our pee. As we moved on I pulled Karo into the darkest corner and told her this was our chance”.

“I immediately understood what she meant and we pulled down our jeans and knickers to squat. Half an hour later we returned to the main building, where all other girls queued up for the bathrooms. Some obviously desperate”, Karolina says.

“Desperate, but they all made it. Unfortunately...” Anna concludes laughing.

“You know. All this talk about desperation has given me an idea. After we finish this lunch, we go pee. But we won’t go again until after breakfast tomorrow morning. And no worries, our beds have plastic sheets, I already checked”, Laura suggests.

TO BE CONTINUED

