Military Discipline - Part 1

Author: GaijinJohn

*000*2012-03-22 18:30

This is a sort of pilot for a series of fictions. If you like it I'll make more.

###

Private Kimiko (yes she's named after my significant other) Tani was the happiest she'd been in a long time. It had been a struggle being a woman in a man's world, especially with the misogynistic Sgt. Alvarez, a Mexican guerrilla warfare specialist, as her closest superior. Alvarez had bullied her more times than Clinton denied getting a BJ from Monica Lewinsky. Now, though, it seemed that life could hardly be better. The well-built, handsome, Asian (no, that's not an oxymoron) officer had started to take some notice in her, which wasn't surprising, since so had everybody else, even the married ones.

What was different is that she noticed him back. Better still, General Yamamoto was coming to inspect the base, and she had spent the entire morning spit-and-polishing everything ready for his arrival. She was wearing a dress uniform, so she looked like an exceptionally attractive and athletic office girl in green. Her red hair was gathered into a ponytail at the back of her head. As she stepped outside her dormitory (women were kept separate from men in a well-meaning attempt to prevent sexual abuse, and she was the only woman) the aforementioned Captain Noda walked up to her.

"Well, you're a good deal smarter than most of the men. One man had his shoes on the wrong way round. He was waddling like a penguin." His eyes scanned down her body, officially to look at her shoes but actually to get an idea of what she would look like with her clothes off. The fact that she was wearing a skirt which showed her legs below the knee, covered only by green leggings, helped a lot. His eyes scanned up her body back to hers. Those green eyes filled him with unsavoury desires. Everything about her seemed perfect, even the angle of the cap on her head. She had to turn her neck upwards to look him in the face, since he was a lot taller than she was.

"You like me, don't you?" she finally replied.

The captain blushed a little.

"Well, either you love or hate me, because your pupils have dilated."

Kimiko blushed a lot. She needed to make an excuse. She couldn't reveal her feelings now. She decided to do the obvious thing.

"I need the bathroom," she said, clacking down the corridor in her formal shoes. The captain gazed at her backside for a while before recoiling in disgust at himself for being so depraved.

As Kimiko walked along she realised that she actually did need the bathroom. There was only one bathroom for women in the barracks, but since she was the only woman there she never had to wait. Her mood dropped when she saw that the only other person in that deserted side of the barracks was Sgt. Alvarez waiting outside, scruffy as usual in his worn-out uniform. He was very strong, and handsome externally, but anyone who had been in his presence for more than a few seconds knew that he was hideous within. Worse still, on the bathroom door hung a sign reading "OUT OF ORDER".

"Sorry, Private Tani. Out of order. You'll have to go behind a bush. Or wet yourself, like you usually do."

These were the times when she really wished she was a man. It was so easy for men to relieve themselves in adverse conditions. If every single time she had been forced to soil her trousers and Sgt. Alvarez had mocked her until she sobbed like a little girl was accounted on paper in regular-size writing, the result would be a very strange novel indeed. (I love a non sequitur.)

"Why's it out of order?"

"Pipe burst."

Sure enough, workmen had been fixing a pipe behind the hut. Kimiko wished they were there now, so they could see if things turned nasty. At least he wasn't lying this time.

"Well, in that case, I'll use the male one."

"Oh, no, you can't do that."

"Why not?" she asked indignantly.

"Someone might spy on you. You might be sexually assaulted! Well...maybe you can go, but only if I go with you."

She laughed at the irony. Of all the men in the barracks, the one most likely to rape her was Sgt. Alvarez.

"Then I'll go behind a bush."

She walked behind a bush. Crouching down, she noticed Sgt. Alvarez was staring at her.

"pee off!"

Alvarez laughed at the unfortunate pun.

"I'm just watching you to make sure you're safe."

"Do you know a good way to keep me safe?"

"My ears are yours."

"F** off and leave me alone. Forever."

Alvarez's face turned from a salacious smile to anger.

"I will NOT be talked to like that by a subordinate," he growled, "especially not a female one."

Kimiko stood up. She did need to go quite badly.

"Why not a female one?"

"Women are weak. You think you're strong?"

The fear building in the resulting silence made Kimiko want to go more.

"Do you?" said Alvarez, stepping closer. His trousers were loose, but they had a very disturbing bulge.

"Actually, yes. I'm as strong as the average man."

"Now let me tell you this. You may be as strong as the average man, but I am a LOT stronger than the average man. I can pick up a 6-6 guy and throw him on the ground. I could easily do that to you. The only reason why I'm not f***ing the femininity out of you right now is because you'd draw attention as you screamed for mercy. Do you understand?"

Kimiko was now genuinely scared. She had diverted most of her conscious energy into clenching her sphincter. If she wet herself now she would never live to see the end of it. A tear rolled down her cheek.

"I do," she said, turning her head down. If it came to a fight there was no question of who would end up on the floor getting pounded. (It wasn't Alvarez, if you haven't guessed.) He'd made her cry again. At least her white underwear was still pristine.

"It's always nice to see women put in their place. I'm going to let you go now. But if you so much as hint at swearing at me again, I will make you regret it."

Another few tears ran down her face. She wanted to kill Alvarez right there, but she couldn't. There was nobody around to help. She was helpless. For a few moments, she hated being a woman. None of the men got bullied like this...at least, not as far as she knew...

Alvarez walked back to the hut. His eyes stayed zeroed in on her face, now tracked with tears. She obviously wasn't going to be able to relieve herself before the General arrived. So far she had managed not to show any visible desperation to Alvarez. She hoped to continue that way. She walked back to the main block. On the way, one of her friends, Private Enoeda, saw her tear-stained face and walked up to her.

"What's wrong?"

"Oh, nothing."

"Is it Sgt. Alvarez again? I really think you should tell the Captain about him. He's got a real grudge against you."

"It's nothing serious! Honestly."

"Why don't you want to tell? Don't you want it to stop?"

"Well... one, Alvarez would hunt me down and rape me and two, it would only reinforce the Captain's prejudices."

"What prejudices?"

"That women are too vulnerable to be soldiers. I want to be seen as a strong, independent adult, not a helpless victim of sexual harassment."

"I don't want to be offensive here, but isn't that what you are?"

"Can we just stop talking about it, OK? Besides, I'd destroy you in a fight."

"True. But I'm a lot smaller than Alvarez."

"Shut up."

So he did.

###

TO BE CONTINUED

Reason: I'm up in the early morning and I need some sleep. My wife looks so cute when she's sleeping. I'm so happy to be married to someone with a bedwetting problem...

*002*2012-03-23 17:50

This is the continuation of the story.

###

By the time Kimiko and her comrades had assembled outside the main building, her bladder was causing her some trouble. She rubbed her legs together to ease the urge, creating quite a lot of static from her tights in the process. Captain Noda strode out of the front door and stopped in front of a hirsute private with a cigarette lolling limply out of his mouth.

"Do you care at all about your appearance, Private Hitoshi?" he asked, shaking his head in exasperation.

"Not in the slightest, sir."

The Captain chuckled.

"I don't want to lecture you on the whole tidy-body-tidy-mind business, but just think of this. Do you want to look like a battered guerrilla on what will probably be the most important day of your military career?"

As the Captain walked down the line of scruffy soldiers an increasing expression of dismay grew on his face.

"Your cap's on the wrong way. Your shoes are muddy. You have a tear in your trousers...this is absurd. Everyone, go inside and get yourself sorted out. Be back here in 5 minutes. Go!"

Kimiko turned to go inside. The Captain stepped in front of her.

"Can I just say that you're the smartest soldier I've seen since I came here?"

Captain Noda was only 23 himself, so that wasn't very long. Still, that was a compliment.

"Thank you, sir."

He noticed the tear-tracks on her face.

"You've been crying."

"No, I haven't."

"Don't deny it. Crying is part of being female..."

Noda was kind and handsome, but had quite traditional attitudes about gender. (Guess who else that applies to.)

"I'm a tough soldier, sir. I don't cry."

"Honestly, Kimiko-chan..."

He sought to correct his Freudian slip as soon as possible. (I translated the honorific since there's no equivalent to it in English.)

"...Private Tani," he stuttered.

"Did you just call me..."

Now it was the Captain in an embarrassing situation. His brown eyes flicked away from Kimiko's, which were lighting up with hope.

"It was a total accident. I just have trouble thinking of girls as soldiers. I'm sorry."

"I'm not a girl anymore, I'm a 19-year old adult woman. You don't need to patronise me."

The urge in her bladder was starting to become painful. She didn't want to show any weakness in front of the Captain, and that included desperation. She squeezed her toned thighs together and shuffled them back and forth.

"You appear to be in some discomfort," said the Captain, his face bearing concern. His eyes sank down, both literally and metaphorically, to her legs, which he saw rubbing against each other.

She couldn't need the bathroom, since she'd just been.

"No, I'm fine."

A male voice interjected.

"How's your new girlfriend, Captain?"

"One, she's not my girlfriend and two, none of your business, Private Kan."

Kimiko smiled at Yasuo Kan.

"You're a very lucky girl, Kimiko. I'm not into men, but even I can tell he's sexy."

She giggled a little.

"Very funny, Private Kan. Now please get back into line. You too, Private Tani."

Kimiko scurried back into line, trying not to reveal her predicament as she walked.

Noda walked back along the line of much smarter privates. The incorrigible Hitoshi was still in total disarray.

"Hitoshi - get back inside. I'm not having you scruffing up our base when the General arrives."

Tsutomu Hitoshi shrugged his slack shoulders and sauntered back inside. The Captain checked his wristwatch.

"The General arrives in 5 minutes. Pick up a rifle from the rack and form 1 rank along the road into the base. Go!"

The soldiers moved in reasonable order to the rack, where each picked up a Type 89. They formed a long row from the gate to the main building. Kimiko was at the very end closest to the base. The Captain stood beside her. She was now in quite a lot of pain, but couldn't grab herself or dance around with the Captain next to her. Sweat began to trickle from her forehead.

"Where is that Sgt. Alvarez?" asked the Captain rhetorically.

Kimiko wanted to say something, but knew it was best if she didn't. She could feel her bladder beginning to stretch. A bad feeling of already-seen crept over her. From previous experience she knew she had about 30 minutes before utterly soaking herself. Without being able to move, she probably had even less time. "I can hold it if I try," she thought. Her mind looked for ways to placate her protesting bladder. She remembered that thinking of a sexual fantasy would help. (This is true - it's to stop the woman from wetting herself during sex. Unfortunately for women, and fortunately for me, it doesn't always work, especially not with my wife.) As a virgin, though, who'd never even so much as played with herself, she really didn't have much to fantasise about. She tried to think of the man of her dreams - tall, strong, kind, handsome...

As her mind's stylus drew Captain Noda, though, she got slightly worried. She tried to keep going - anything that would take away the pain in her groin was good. She imagined what Noda would look like naked, and how big his organ would be. She imagined feeling his manservant slipping inside her. At this point, she started to feel dirty. She'd never seriously thought about having sex with someone before. She imagined feeling his sperm swimming up inside her, and uniting their souls...(not that people have souls, but she isn't the brightest girl around.) As she drifted back to reality she noticed that her cervix had widened. She'd managed to sexually arouse herself, though thankfully not to the stage where it would make a mess in her spotless underwear. She giggled. It felt liberating after all those years of celibacy. When Captain Noda spoke, she couldn't help but think of him ejaculating inside her. She giggled again.

"Yes, General," said Captain Noda, talking into a mobile radio. "We're ready. We just need to find our sergeant. Over and out."

He turned off his radio. "That bloody Alvarez," he swore. "He might be a tactical genius, but he's an organisational retard. Private Hiroshi, go and get Sgt. Alvarez. You two kindred spirits can work together."

Hiroshi swaggered off to find the sergeant.

"This is embarrassing..."

"Not nearly as embarrassing as what's probably going to happen to me," thought Kimiko. She squeezed her legs even tighter together, so her whole body was as stiff as (I hope) your dick will be after you've finished reading this.

"You're in a lot of pain, Private Tani. I can tell it from those eyes of yours."

"No, you're misreading. I'm fine."

She started to contemplate the implications of wetting herself here. She'd be mocked forever as the girl who wet her skirt in front of one of the most esteemed generals in the country. She'd probably have to move to another base - hopefully one without anyone remotely like Alvarez.

As her thoughts came to Alvarez, he arrived, taking a long drag on his cigar as he slumped into line right next to Kimiko. This was intolerable.

"So, did you manage to relieve yourself? From your face I'm guessing no."

"No, I didn't."

"No, I didn't, SIR."

"You never tell anyone else to call you sir."

"You call me sir because you're a girl," he hissed. "You obey my every command, not because you're a private, but because you're a girl and girls shouldn't be soldiers. Is that clear?"

Tears began to pool in her eyes again.

"Whatever you're saying, Sergeant, stop it," said the Captain. Get in the main building with Hitoshi."

Alvarez slinked into the building. Kimiko's legs were quivering in pain. Her bladder contracted. She squeezed her sphincter and held it in.

"General," said the Captain into his radio, "we're ready."

The gates raised and the General's car drove in. Kimiko wondered how long her own floodgates would hold. By her previous estimates she had 15 minutes left, which was enough for a quick inspection.

The car crawled along the road to the main building. The Captain saluted the General as he stepped out of his car.

"What disciplined soldiers you have here, Noda," said the General, with genuine awe.

"It's their good, not mine."

Another contraction squeezed Kimiko's bladder. She squeezed her groin to the limit and somehow held it in. She still wasn't showing much, if any, desperation, unless one looked into her innocent green eyes, which were sullied by pain.

"Only 1 woman? I'm surprised."

"Our training methods must be somewhat repulsive to the fairer sex, sir."

That was definitely true, thought Kimiko. The only woman who would make it through Alvarez's training without crying would be one who had her tear ducts removed.

The General and the Captain walked down the row of men. Yamamoto seemed impressed. Why did the General have to have such short legs? Why did it take him so long to get to the end and back? Another contraction convulsed Kimiko's bladder. By clenching her legs together harder than she thought was womanly possible she had somehow kept her underwear dry. She knew, though, that next time she'd probably leak some. Once the inspection was done she would run behind a hut and let go in her underwear. Even if she started running now she would probably still wet her skirt before she reached the male toilets. The question was no longer of not wetting herself, but of wetting herself somewhere where not too many people would notice. That was what she would do.

Thinking about wetting herself just made her want to go even more. Having an operation with no anaesthetic was probably less painful than this. (No it's not. Stupid girl.) She tried breathing deeply to stop herself from panicking. The General had turned round and was coming back. She didn't have much longer to wait. That temporary relief caused a fourth crippling spasm to surge through her crotch. She bent forward a little and let out a squeal. As she stood up again she realised a squeal wasn't all she had let out. Her underwear was damp around her urethra. She had leaked a little. Thankfully it didn't show. She was glad she wasn't wearing trousers now.

"What's wrong, Kimiko?" whispered Private Enoeda, standing next to her.

"I need the bathroom."

"Sounds a bit worse than that."

"No, I really need the bathroom. I'm literally about to wet myself."

"Just go. You can make an excuse later."

"I can't! The Captain would get angry."

"Well, it depends what you value more - your dignity or your nascent relationship with the Captain. Standing there until you wet your skirt would show a sort of dedication, I suppose."

"No, I'm going to ask for permission to excuse myself."

"By the time he gets back here it'll probably be too late, seeing how desperate you are."

"I'll hold in what I can. When I get excused I'll dash behind a hut and wet myself. Then I'll go and get changed, say I couldn't make it in private to the Captain and no one will know the truth."

"Sounds like a plan."

"Stop talking in the ranks!" exclaimed the General.

"Sorry, sir," said Private Enoeda.

"Permission to excuse myself, sir," said Kimiko to the Captain.

"What for?" asked the General.

"I need the bathroom."

"Pfff! Should have gone before you came out. Hold it."

Kimiko was about to retort when another crippling spasm shot through her groin. She bent over and squealed again. As she regained control she felt a warm feeling spreading through her tights. She had urinated for about a second. Luckily none had found the floor, but a few droplets were snaking down her solidly tensed legs.

"Holding it doesn't seem to be an option any more, sir," said the Captain.

"I've never seen anything like this before," said the General. "Is she incontinent or something?"

"The poor girl's wetting her skirt, General. Let her go."

"Why should I let her go just because she can't control her own bodily functions? If I let her go, everyone will say he's about to wet his trousers and no one will stay! Privates don't enjoy this, you know."

Kimiko tried to stand in a dignified manner, but that is difficult with urine droplets rolling down one's legs.

"Don't I get a say in this?" she asked, on the verge of tears. Why were men such bastards?

"Let her go, General. Please."

"Please," added Private Enoeda.

"Who gave you permission to speak?" snapped the General.

By now, the entire rank was gawping at the events by the main building. The only hope now was for Kimiko to get out before she utterly wet herself and save the few shreds of dignity she had left. Even that was only a faint hope now.

The captain tried to appeal to whatever humanity the General possessed.

"General. If she was your daughter, would you make her stand there until she humiliated herself in front of all her comrades?"

"Yes, I bloody well would. These women need to learn to control themselves."

"She's 19. She's just a girl. You should have seen how much she was looking forward to you coming here. Now you're humiliating her in front of everyone."

"I'm not humiliating her. She's humiliating herself."

Yamamoto wasn't budging. The Captain lost all sense of formality. He stepped towards the General, grabbed his tunic, picked him up in the air and said:

"I love that girl, General. No one is going to humiliate her, not even you. No one."

The General, surprised by this sudden aggression, decided to give way.

"Alright! She can go. Just let go of me."

Unfortunately for Kimiko, the General's obstinacy was not the only thing to give way. A huge spasm tore through her groin and thighs, causing her to bend over 45 degrees and squeal like a stuck sow. Torrents of golden urine flowed down her athletic legs onto the tarmac. As she stood up she tried to regain control, to no success. She span round, still urinating full power, and tried to run behind a tree to let the rest out in private. At least, that was her plan. She slipped on her own urine and collapsed, still urinating like a golden fountain. She fell flat on her back, winded, with her skirt hanging open towards the General and the Captain. Still liquid poured out of her underwear like a wrung sponge. A sort of pool formed in the seat of her skirt. The rest showered down from the hemline and contributed to the vast puddle which she was now lying in.

1 and a half minutes and 1 litre of urine later, the stream finally abated. Her head lolled back and her red hair floated out on a lake of her own creation. Everything from her collar to her shoes was soaked down the back in urine. She had just recovered her breath when she started crying again. She had utterly disgraced herself. At least Alvarez hadn't seen...

To be continued...

I'm getting a bit more sleep tonight, I think. We have some long operations tomorrow.

*004*2012-03-24 10:18

It's supposed to be in a crazy mix of places. And Japanese people can have red hair.

Now I can continue the story.

WARNING: This is where the BDSM bit starts. If squeamish, don't read it. Thanks.

Kimiko struggled to her feet, saluted the General and marched into the main building, her shoes squeaking. As she walked through the door she realised what a mistake she had made. Sgt. Alvarez was also in the main building. He stepped out in front of her, with a bitter grin on his face and a large bulge in his trousers.

"You know, soiling yourself in front of a senior officer is an offence."

"Since when?"

"Since now. I'm your superior in gender and rank. You do what I tell you."

"Well, I'm going to change my clothes." Kimiko tried to step past him. Alvarez grabbed her and spun her round.

"Every offence has a punishment. As your sergeant it is my duty to punish you."

Previously Kimiko had done everything in her power not to break any rules, to avoid Alvarez's lustful wrath. Unfortunately her bladder was not in her power.

"What might that punishment be?" she stammered, filling with fear.

"Come with me."

Alvarez grabbed her arm and pulled her down the corridor, out of the main building and into a disused armoury on the other side of the barracks. She couldn't see much, but Alvarez's garlic breath was not appealing. She could make out the silhouettes of some nasty-looking machinery. Alvarez pulled down a massive switch and some strip-lights flickered into action on the ceiling. The machines were now fully visible. As an innocent virgin girl she was in blissful ignorance of what any of them did. She did know, though, that they definitely weren't for making coffee.

"Lie across that," ordered Alvarez, pointing to an A-frame.

"No."

"Lie across that."

"No." She needed to defy him with all the power she could muster. Unfortunately, that wasn't enough. Alvarez stepped towards her, grabbed her shoulders and threw her onto it, knocking the air out of her lungs. He then proceeded to strap her down, tying her arms to her sides. Her tight little backside was poking up in the air. She knew that whatever happened next was going to hurt a lot. This wasn't how she planned on losing her precious virginity.

"Flogging is a traditional military punishment," said Alvarez, "but a little too harsh for the fragile bodies of females. Instead, I'm going to smack you like the little girl you are."

With those words he swung down a riding crop and lashed her across the buttocks. She squealed in pain and tears shot into her eyes again.

"Do you think you're tough?" he mocked.

"Yes, I do," she retorted.

"Trust me, I'll have you begging for mercy. I'll have you crawling on the floor licking my boots."

He lashed her again, with much more force. She squealed louder. Tears flowed down her already tear-tracked face.

"Want some more?"

He lashed her again, and again, and again, and again. All thoughts of maturity had gone. Her mind was a maelstrom of pain and fear. Gas burst out of her tortured backside. She couldn't care less.

"Flatulating while flagellating, it seems," said Alvarez. "Begging for mercy yet?"

Kimiko shook her head.

He lashed her another 6 times. She screamed, sobbed and defecated into her underwear. Finally, what willpower she had left capitulated.

"Stop!" she cried. "I'll do anything!"

"Anything?" asked Alvarez.

Kimiko nodded.

Alvarez untied her and threw her on the ground. Her backside was numbed from the savage beating it had taken. He tore her clothes off until she was left in her brassiere and her filthy underwear.

"Did you say you'd do anything?"

She nodded. She knew she was going to be raped. There was no hope now.

"Would you make love to me?"

She nodded. Anything to stop the beating. Anything.

"See? I'm not going to rape you. I'm going to make consensual love with you."

Alvarez opened his flies and revealed his weapon to her. She would much sooner it be a gun. She would sooner be shot than raped.

Her frenzied mind decided to act. She sat up and swung a punch at Alvarez's testicles. Alvarez knocked her arm aside and pinned her on her back to the ground.

"Is that all you've got? I knew women couldn't fight, but honestly..."

He dragged her up off the ground and woman-handled her towards a sort of chair. It might as well have been an electric chair to Kimiko. He strapped her limbs to the chair as his own limb (Shakespearean pun) grew further in size.

"Despite you trying to hit me in the nuts, I'm going to be nice to you. I'm going to play a little game. You don't seem to want to have fun with me, so all you have to do is not have fun. I'm going to try to please you as much as possible. If you climax I know you're enjoying it. Then I'll finally have the consent I need to go in."

As he took out a massive vibrating machine Kimiko realised he was totally insane. She didn't have a clue what he was going to do to her, but it wasn't going to be fun. He pressed the vibrating machine into her private regions, through her soiled underwear. Into the maelstrom of fear, anger and dread came a hint of arousal. How could she get aroused by this? "I'm being assaulted for f***'s sake," she thought. Was her first climax really going to be an involuntary one? No. She was going to fight it. She tried to calm herself as Alvarez plied her genitalia. No matter what she did, though, her cervix was still lubricating. She was going to orgasm. Alvarez would have utterly humiliated her. She desperately tried to fight the urge to release the agonising ecstasy building up inside her. She was screaming at him to stop.

"Quit the yowling, bitch. I know you're enjoying it, but there's no need to make so much noise." Alvarez gagged her, then continued to stimulate her privates. Her groin was tensing up and was on the verge of release. This couldn't happen. This could not happen to her. She was a strong, independent woman. Unfortunately, it could happen to her, and it did. Her groin pulsated with enforced pleasure and she cried out in utter despair. She had pissed, shat and climaxed on herself, all involuntarily. She fell quiet and her head hung down. She thought she was going to pass out. She hated her body. She hated being a woman. She hated sitting here in her slimy underwear waiting to be raped. She fell into a pit of despair.

"You liked that, didn't you?" sneered Alvarez. "Now it's time to begin." Alvarez began to strip off. His muscular hulk of a body looked demonic to Kimiko's eyes. He cackled a little and rubbed his hands.

Then the door burst open.

"WHAT THE F*** ARE YOU DOING?" screamed Captain Noda, running towards the naked Alvarez. Alvarez answered with a smash in the sternum. Noda reeled back. 2 of his ribs were broken.

"So here comes the handsome prince, eh? Well, you won't be looking handsome by the time I'm done with you."

Alvarez dropped into a combat stance and edged forward. Noda did the same, but was still panting from the first blow. Alvarez attempted to step forward and knock Noda's front leg away. Noda stepped to the side. Alvarez was now at a very poor angle indeed. Noda launched a punch to the back of his neck. Alvarez span round and blocked it with his left hand before sending his right into Noda's guts. Noda fell to the ground. He tried to knock Alvarez's legs away, but Alvarez jumped onto him. That was a mistake. Noda swung a ridge hand into the back of Alvarez's knee. Alvarez crumpled and fell on his back. Immediately he rolled over and tried to headbutt Noda. Noda stuck up his elbow and knocked him between the eyes. Alvarez's eyes clouded up with tears. He threw a wild punch, which Noda parried before jabbing his fingers into Alvarez's neck. Game over.

(The headbutt-elbow trick really works. I've tried. I couldn't see properly for 5 minutes afterwards.)

Noda stood up, his head spinning with adrenaline, and stepped over Alvarez's corpse to his brutalised love. "It's alright now, babe. I love you." Then he collapsed and fainted on the floor.

###

Kimiko resigned from the Army after the incident and went for counselling. She married Captain Noda later that year. The movement to keep women out of the Army grew in momentum. Maybe someday there would be a referendum of some kind...

Did you enjoy this? If you did, I may consider doing some more.

*007*2012-03-25 19:10

The end was rushed because I looked at the clock and realised I had to leave for the gym.

I didn't want to spend too long on the discipline part because I thought that the admins might not like BDSM. Originally it was going to be much longer. That's why it seemed rushed. I may extend it later if that's OK.

As for the red hair thing, the reason why I thought it was possible is because my wife's (Asian) friend has red hair that doesn't look dyed. Maybe it is, I don't know.

*009*2012-03-26 15:02

Alvarez is a crazy guerrilla from Mexico! He wouldn't know NATO ranks if they fell in his tacos. Obviously, a proper sergeant wouldn't have done that, but Alvarez isn't one. The inspiration for him actually came from the Spanish guerrilla experts used to train the British Army at Osterley during the Second World War. Many of them behaved very badly and didn't follow discipline at all.

*011*2012-03-27 19:11

Well, he died, so...

It's amazing how little it takes to kill a man. One blow to the neck can finish anybody. It just makes one aware how much easier it is to destroy than create...

