Chapter One - Breakfast, the most important meal of the day

Author: Guest FurryPants

*000*2013-04-23 22:29

"... So really, though those sausage's are very tasty to you all, as we speak you could be eating a pigs rectum!"

Lucy smiled wide, eyes shut with mischievous glee, the information she had just given was intentionally gross, being the only vegetarian in her peer group she was hoping to sway a few more her way at the breakfast table that morning. A long pause followed. Such a subject was certainly not intended to be conversed at meal times. Three other pair's of eyes now shot her a disgusted glance, a little sausage plopped out of a dark haired teenager's mouth and made a rather gross sounding splat as it hit the oak of the recently vanished table, he spat the rest out into his napkin and clambered to his feet.

"I may never eat another sausage for the rest of my living days."

Glenn, being the pickiest out of everyone sat at the table about his food, removed the remaining two sausages from his plate and placed them in his dogs food bowl, engraved in the stainless steel was the word 'Lucky' the name of his golden retriever who scurried in the kitchen ecstatically, his tail wagged left and right as he waffled down the sausages faster then you could say gone. The mashed up sausage in the napkin was binned.

"That poor, poor dog."

Uttered the voice of Ben, the tallest in the group standing at six foot two, being nineteen and the only one with a license to drive, he was dragged along so he could drive everyone to the beach that day. Sat next to Ben was his fifteen year old brother, Jake. Though everyone in was in the same class at school, except Ben of course, Jake was the youngest but only by two months, Lucy was next in age being born in may. Taking a look at his wrist watch, Jake's eyes widened at the time, eight fifteen AM, they would have to leave very soon!

"Ok guys we really have to hurry we have to have left within ten minutes if we want to get a nice spot on the beach! Ben get the car ready."

Ben snorted.

"Look at you, giving out orders. just relax bro, we have plenty of time."

Jake wasn't listening, he pulled on his red hooded jumper and downed the rest of his orange juice, his forth glass that morning

Ben continued.

"OK, alright everyone listen up! If you have to pee, go now. I won't be giving out pee breaks while I'm driving, stopping and starting a lot consumes a considerable amount of fuel!"

Ben and Lucy walked out through the kitchen, apparently making their way to the bathroom. Jake still wasn't paying too much attention he was lugging around beach equipment ready to be packed into the car.

"All set?"

Croaked Ben, swallowing a rather sharp piece of bacon. Jake nodded enthusiastically.

"Yeah, pretty much just need the driver behind the wheel, I hear he's kind of a douche though."

​Ben grinned revealing a full set of symmetrical teeth.

"Oh really? Then I suppose that you'd rather stay here than go to the beech!"

"Ha! No way! Today's gonna be great."

