Plenty of desperate girls forced to wait in line

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2020-04-22 02:07

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/58746-plenty-of-desperate-girls-forced-to-wait-in-line/?do=embed"

You can look at the link above, but to quickly summarize, we're looking for a situation where one or more girls are desperate to pee in a long bathroom line. The girls are for the most part between the age of 13 and 18.

1). What is the setting. A) school. B) amusement park. C) sporting event. D). Other (please list)

2). How many girls bathrooms are in the venue? (And maybe boys bathrooms, in case that becomes a factor) (Hint: the scenario is more interesting if there is only one girls bathroom, as the options are more limited)

3). How many stalls are in each girls bathroom? (Can pick any number you want literally from 1 to 100, but a number between say 3 and 10 would make more sense, but it also depends on the venue)

4). How long is the bathroom line (not counting the girls already in the stalls)? (Ultimately, we're looking for a bathroom line that's at least as long--maybe even 2 or 3 times as long, or more--as the actual number of stalls in the girls bathroom).

5) What are the names of some of the girls in the bathroom line?

6) What is the level of desperation of the various girls (on a scale of 0-10), and how many of them appear to be "super desperate" meaning 9 out of 10 or more?

7). What's the toilet paper, paper towel, and hand sanitizer situation like in the bathroom?

8 ) Do any of the girls have a water bottle on them, and if so, is it full, empty, or half full? (This may come into play)

9) Are the girls under any particular time constraint while waiting (besides the obvious of not wanting to pee their pants, shorts, skirt, etc. while waiting in line)? If so, what's the time constraint, and why?

10) Is there any other information you'd like to provide regarding the scenario?

Answer as many or as few questions as you would like, either here, or on that other thread. This thread is here for the benefit of those who don't look at the Interactive Stories subforum.

*002*2020-05-06 22:59

{{On 4/23/2020 at 1:48 PM, DenSak said:

1) school

2) 9

3) 2

4) 5×5m

5) Chara Ashley Jessy

6) 2 woman 6/10 3 woman 9/10 2 woman 10/10 1 woman 3/10

7) clear and new

Yes 2 woman. 1 full and 1 empty

9) Chara need to go home. Ashley need to go on lesson

10) chara very determined. Ashley have a weak urine. Jessy always torture other girls. And drink many water

}}

What kind of school would have 9 bathrooms but only two stalls per bathroom? And what does 5x5m mean for the bathroom line question?

*004*2020-05-06 23:33

{{5 minutes ago, myaso2005 said:

Are you going to write a story summarizing all the suggestions or are you just collecting the suggestions just out of the fun?

1) School

2) 10 unisex bathrooms. 4 out of order (maintenance work).

3) 2-4 depends on the specific bathroom.

4) 7 girls and 3 boys. Having boys around will make the situation more embarrassing for the girls. It should also make them more shy and vulnerable about having the accident.

5) Let's say Amber, Sophia, Kate, Jacklyn, Jennifer, Linda and Beth (but probably you can think about more original names).

6) Amber 7, Sophia 3, Kate 9, Jacklyn 5, Jennifer 6, Linda 2, Beth 9

7) Fine.

8. None

9) 5 or 10 minutes break till another lesson which none of them can miss or be late for.

}}

I don’t know yet. I might create my own scenario sometime just for the fun of it, and then see after that. It depends on how many scenarios we get.

*005*2020-05-09 03:56

Just for the fun of it, I'll give my scenario, and then eventually, I'll use a combination of the results from here and the other thread to make up a scenario.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/58746-plenty-of-desperate-girls-forced-to-wait-in-line/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1778521&embedComment=1778521&embedDo=findComment#comment-1778521"

Now, I could do the school scenario like I've done before, but I want to try it for a different scenario:

1) amusement park (water park)

2) probably 4 sets of bathrooms spread throughout the park, but they aren't particularly close to each other, so looking for another bathroom because the line is so long may not work, and the lines may be just as long there.

3) The biggest set of bathrooms near the entrance to the park has 10 stalls for the girls bathroom , but the other three bathrooms throughout the park ones only have 4 stalls for each girls bathroom . And in this scenario, this is where the line will be, and it's not particularly close to the water park entrance either.

4) While maybe not realistic in real life, we'll say there is a line of 20 girls waiting for the four stalls (mostly teenagers). Included in that line are some ride operators that need to get back to their rides ASAP and need to pee really badly and are on a time limit (15 minute break, but it takes a couple minutes to get to the bathroom and another couple minutes to get back to the ride, and there's not enough time to hunt out other restrooms).

5&6) I'm not the best with names (so I borrowed some names from other scenarios), but almost everyone is desperate, so I'll go with a line like this: Angie (7 out of 10) Brandy (7.5 out of 10), Courtney (8 out of 10), Bridget (8 out of 10), Danielle (8.5 out of 10), Elizabeth (9 out of 10), Heidi (9 out of 10), Jessica (9 out of 10, Caitlin (9 out of 10), Jennifer (9 out of 10), Laura (9.5 out of 10), Ashley (9.5 out of 10), Amber (9.5 out of 10), Linda (9.5 out of 10), Sophia (9.5 out of 10), Chara (9.5 out of 10), Crystal (9.5 out of 10), Tina (9.5 out of 10), Wendy (9.5 out of 10), and finally Tiffany (9.5 out of 10).

If I counted correctly, that's a line of 20 for 4 stalls. Out of that bunch, Sophia (15th in line), Tina (18th in line), and Tiffany (20th in line) are park ride operators and are about to pee their pants but they need to get back to their respective rides (3 different rides) within the 15 minute time limit (more like 10 when you factor in walking time). The consequences if they don't might range from losing their job, getting docked on pay, or other unpleasant things, because they need to be back to relieve the next person (who may also be about ready to pee her pants). No more than one person can be away on any given ride at a time because of the lines at the rides (which are longer than the bathroom lines).

7) Toilet supplies are for the most part fine, but hand sanitizer might be an issue. There's some more in stock, but there may not be time to stock it today.

8 ) Most of them do have water-bottles, but they are full or half full, so peeing in them is not an option.

9) Time constraints vary, but the ones that need to get back to ride duty have 10 minutes from this point in time to wait in line, pee, wash their hands (because you can't go back to work without washing and trying your hands), and make the long 2 to 3 minute walk back to the ride. And it will probably take each girl at aleast minute in the stall. And even the other girls may be on a time constraint (albeit not as tight) because have to see a show at a certain time or get to the next ride before the line gets too long.

10) It's a hot day and that's why a lot of people are in the park, and this happened before COVID-19 started. A hot day also makes people thirst, and more likely to need to pee. It may be tempting for the extremely desperate girls to ask to cut in line, but almost everyone is at least "somewhat" desperate, and several are "extremely desperate", so this probably will not work. As noted, the ones that really have to pee are at the end of the line.

