Walk Home From School

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-05 02:46

Something I whipped up quick for a friend.

Today was one of those rare days where I actually drank a lot. I had 12 sips of water moving to my classes, and I also drank the whole bottle of chocolate milk at lunch. I'm Abby. You just need to know Abby. My hair is green and goes to the floor. I like to put it up into a rope braid, since there's not a lot of hair-styles you can do with long hair. I'm about 11. And now, I started walking home at the end of the day, bladder full and bulging.

I was wearing a light blue dress with a cream bow on the collar. I also had on white tights and black Mary-Janes. I wanted to run. Run FAST. But I knew my bladder would burst if I did that. So, I walked home slowly. I started holding my crotch, and that was it. I started thinking of all the math homework I needed to do.

My hips started moving side-to-side. I focused on rocky road ice cream and why they call it that. After 5 minutes, the pressure was almost unbrearble. I held my crotch with both hands, but that it made it diffcult to walk. I focused on why the anime leaders have strange names, like Ichigo and Sailor Moon.

After 10 minutes, I was barely holding on. But I saw my house in the distance and got an idea. I walked back behind a tree who's trunk could hide me well enough. I started hiking up my skirt, then felt 3 hot spurts come out.

I clutched my crotch more despretly and sqautted, knowing that the flow couldn't be stopped now. I let go and the fuild flew out in a second, compleatly turning my white tights a stained rusty yellow. I felt like my feet were drowning in my shoes.

I opened one eyes and forced more out. Nothing happened. I grabbed my backpack and dusted my shoes off. I was hoping my stain wasn't too noticeable. I looked both ways, then crossed the street to my house.

*002*2011-03-05 03:12

{{:

^^~ Faust thought that was pretty good. However, aside from a few spelling errors, it seemed a bit short. XP

It was very cute to imagine though. Faust just wishes it was a tad longer, and with maybe a small bit more of detail. ^^

Very nice overall though, in faust's opinon.

*has a thing for Green haired girls*

}}

Sorry, I couldn't think of anything else. :/ Glad you liked it though!

*006*2011-03-05 17:04

{{:

Why does Faust talk about himself in third person?

}}

Does it look like I know?

*008*2011-03-06 03:41

{{:

Does he need a reason? I like it.. I think its creative and gives him character

}}

You wanna tell him that? Me and him are currently IMing each other. lol at your motto. It's the truth!

