Lionbyrd

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-09 12:54

LionByrd

Chapter One: Jamie’s Promotion

“I’ve been reviewing the personnel records, and I just realize, that you have someone on your squad that has been passed over for promotions at least six times. Would you care to tell me why?”

The man behind the desk had dark sandy hair and cool dark eyes. He was probably nearly thirty years old, maybe even older. The gentlemen he was addressing were a man with a black pony tail with a dark tan and a scuzzy small beard just starting on his chin. The other man was a redhead with freckles and green eyes.

“It’s a girl,” the darker man started. “She has been having problems since starting with the team.”

“Then why is she still here?” Seth asked, his hands coming together so that his fingertips touched.

“May I?” the redhead interrupted.

Seth nodded at him.

“The girl has some personal issues, but she’s very talented, and her academic record is among the best of the team. We would definitely lose an asset if she were turned away from the team.”

“And yet, Eric,” Seth smiled over the tips of his fingers. “You have kept her at rank three cadet status. What kind of problem would warrant such action if she is so good?”

“The doctors say that her problem is stress related, sir. They have even recommended getting rid of her, but she has no desire to quit training, and we would really be losing an asset if we followed this recommendation.”

“Just what is her problem?”

Martin, the darker man answered. “She has wet the bed since starting here.”

“Yes, I was aware that she was doing that,” Seth smiled. “She wasn’t the first, and not the last to have that problem.”

“But it hasn’t gotten any better,” Eric went on. “She not only still does it, but has had daytime incidents as well.”

“And this is the only reason you fail to promote her?” Seth asked the two men.

They looked at one another, standing at parade rest in front of the team commander. Their white shirts with the rearing roaring lions’ silhouettes on the back of the shirts, on the back pockets of their cream colored dress pants, and above the right pocket of the front of the shirts. Under the lion symbol, just above the shirt pocket read the name Lionbyrd, and above the other shirt pocket were the names of the cadets and then four vertical blue outlined red bars on Seth, three on Martin, and two on Eric. They were in a small office with a bed to the left of the desk that they now stood before with Seth now lowering his hands as he looked up at them.

“I do not think it is right to keep her at rank three cadet any longer. I will meet with her, her immediate supervisor, and the two of you in two hours, and discuss whether we will kick her off of the team, or if we will promote her. She cannot possibly stay a trainee forever.”

“Yes sir,” the two junior officers nodded.

Jamie, a light brown hair, almost blond girl with a reddish tint, sat at one of the desks in the team’s learning hall near the front, typing on a computer and reading the outcome. From the back, her white shirt was showing a bit of seat from the base of the neck, and her cream color pants were seated upon the chair.

Above her left pocket, just above her name, were three round circles that were outlined in blue with red iris centers. Her hair fell just below her shoulders as she scratched her head thinking about the next thing to type into the computer. The rest of the learning hall was free of any people, though in the far back, she knew that three of the team’s upper officers were holding a meeting in the team commander’s room, and the other door to the rear of the learning hall, the empty conference had three windows that peeked into a room for twelve at the sides of the table, and one seat at the head.

Jamie sighed as she thought about the question before her. She was trying to take the test yet again for rank four cadet, and couldn’t understand why she wasn’t either passing or being dropped by the program. She had seen her peers already gain two or three ranks in the time she had held the third rank, and she was becoming a little perturbed at just staying where she was.

She looked up at the stage that looked over the thirty-five desks that faced it. On the stage, there was one other desk that faced them, there were three flags, and there were three other seats, one to the right of the one that was behind the head desk, and two to the left.

What was she doing wrong? She looked through the question again, and still, the same answer as she had always given came to mind. She couldn’t think of a better answer, so left the question as it was. Something prevented her advancing, but she was sure that it was not the application form nor the submitted test that she had taken earlier in the month. Her knees closed unconsciously together as she pondered again what else she could write.

Another young lady, this one with one blue outlined red vertical bar just above her name sat across from a boy with five red iris blue outlined circles above his name of Mike. Mike was yellow haired and blue eyed. His hair seemed to run wild around the top of his head, but it didn’t come down past his ears. The young lady had red hair that was cut short just below her ears.

They had a chess board between them, and Mike was currently contemplating his next move. The girl, Amanda, was already thinking of two or three tactics that would follow this move depending on what Mike had done.

“Promotions are coming up soon again, Mike,” she reminded him. “Have you completed the test for this term?”

“Of course, I finished the test on the computer last night. I’m pretty sure I’ll get it again. Most of these questions are so common sense.”

“Yes, but surely you study some before taking the tests, don’t you?”

“Of course I do. Only a fool would try to take a serious test like that without preparing at all.”

“Good. I’m sure you gain your junior grade officer rank soon.”

“Amanda?” he had his head tilted and his mouth twitching just as he always did when he was about to ask an uncertain question.

“Yes, Mike?”

“When are they going to kick Jamie out of the program?”

“What makes you think she’s going to get kicked out?”

“She hasn’t been promoted in the last three cycles, and we were warned that if we didn’t get our black bars within seven years, we would be kicked out of the program.”

“Well, it’s really not up to me, Mike. I don’t know what the leaders are thinking, but it is true, that at her current rate of progress, I don’t believe she’ll have her black bar before the deadline.”

“Why do you think she isn’t being promoted?”

“What do you mean?”

“Well, she kids my butt at the shuttle simulator, and she’s pretty smart, not to mention she doesn’t do bad in tactics class either. I don’t understand why she’s not being promoted.”

“I’m sure whoever is in charge has their reasons.”

“Come off of it, Amanda. You are her sponsor. You must know something.”

“Even if I did, I wouldn’t be obliged to tell you, would I cadet?”

Mike became quiet.

“Just drop it, alright?”

Mike nodded and went back to the game.

Eric walked out of the team commander’s office, actually, he was acting second in command, and held the rank of commander upon his uniform. He was also the first officer of the station, the captain of the station being Captain Strauss.

He walked through the Lionbyrd training room, absently passing by the young girl they had been talking about. He smiled softly at her as he passed by having noticed that she was reviewing yet again her promotion test that would be reviewed by the board the next day. She was the only one in the training hall, which spoke about how much she was stressed about passing this time around. She surely knew that something was strange about her not passing, and she surely also knew that she might be kicked out of the program if she didn’t get promoted soon.

He walked out of the training hall, through the door in the side near the stage, and into the common room where the rest of the team were enjoying some hard earned down time watching television, playing chess or fouls ball, and even taking a turn on the shuttle simulators. The simulator was a part of their training, but it was also run like a game, so that they actually enjoyed training on it. Currently, four people on the left side of the simulator combated against the four people on the right side of the simulator.

It was set up so that the machine had a command chair in the center of each command station. One chair faced a command consul that faced the forward screen that showed the position they were in space, and their relative position to the other ship. Another chair faced a wall that had had three large screens displaying different things and a consul with buttons in front of that wall, that apparently were related to it. On the other side, there was a small consul that faced a half wall with glass. On this consul, there were other controls and a display screen that served some purpose towards the simulator. The pair of simulators were divided by a great wall, which made what each side did private from the other side, but those observing from behind the stage that the whole thing was set up on, could see the what both sides were doing as well as a screen that displayed what the two ships were doing just between the simulators and in front of the stage.

Eric walked up to the chess game, rubbed his thumb and forefinger on his chin as though contemplating what Mike should do next, smiled, and then turned his attention to Amanda.

“Seth wants to talk to you and Jamie in an hour. You are to take her and wait for him in the conference room.”

“Do you know where she is?”

“She’s back in the training room, contemplating her tests again. I swear, if half the team put in even half as much effort as she did, we would have the best team on the station!”

“Don’t tell me isn’t going to get it again this time,” Amanda looked up at him.

“Well, that’s partly what this is about. How is her problem going?”

“Well, she still wets the bed about two or three times a week, and if she’s really stressed out, she sometimes needs to be reminded to use the toilet.”

“Reminded?”

“Yes, she gets so engulfed in trying to pass the tests and doing well in general, that she sometimes doesn’t go to the bathroom at reasonable times, thinking that she can just go as soon as she finishes, only she never seems to finish reviewing her efforts.”

“I guess I should have asked her if she needed to go then,” Eric looked down at Amanda.

“That’s okay. I’ll ask her now. I need to go get her anyway and make sure she’s presentable for the meeting anyway if Seth is meeting with her.”

“I think Seth wants to promote her, but he wants to talk to all of us about why she’s stayed at rank three for so long and about her toileting habits or something.”

“I understand.”

Amanda stood up, gave Mike a stern look for a moment, and then turned and walked away.

Eric sat down across from Mike. “You are not to repeat any part of this conversation to anyone. If it comes back to my ears by anyone other than Amanda or Jamie, I will have your records reviewed, do you understand?”

“Yes sir.”

Eric stood up, nodded at Mike, and then walked off towards the stairs nearest the entrance to the common room. It was up those steps, that the fourth squad rooms were located.

Amanda walked into the training room, and she saw Jamie, her mouth taut with worry, her legs bouncing, and her hands frantically pressing keys on the keyboard. A tear slid down from her left eye, and Amanda already knew what was happening. She walked up to the front of the desk, pressed the computer lid closed, and looked directly into Jamie’s eyes.

“You’ve wet your pants again, haven’t you?” she asked with a little smile.

Jamie looked up at her.

“We have to see the commander of our team, so I need to take you upstairs to clean up. We are going to have a meeting about your promotions.”

“I’m going to fail again, aren’t I?”

“I don’t know, Jamie. But I was told that they are actually going to have a meeting about that with both of us in an hour. Please come with me, and let’s get you cleaned up.”

Jamie stood up, her pants dripping from the back, the puddle of yellow tinted nearly clear pee sat in the chair seat depression.

“I’m sorry about the chair,” Jamie looked down.

“It’s not a problem,” Amanda smiled warmly at her. “You can clean it up in a little bit.”

Jamie nodded knowing that as punishment for wetting her pants, she’d have to clean all the wood chairs in the training room, and probably those in the conference room as well.

An hour later, Amanda, Jamie, Eric, and Martin were in the conference room. Martin was by the head of the table near the chalkboard, and he turned his back to the other three.

“Seth doesn’t feel it’s right, that you haven’t been promoted, Jamie,” he kept his back to the others. “You do know why you haven’t been promoted, don’t you?”

Jamie looked down afraid to answer. She would have just figured she wasn’t doing something right on the tests or training if they were not in the meeting about it, and if Martin had not mention Seth’s displeasure about her being held back. She might have even guessed that it was because she was a girl, but Amanda had her first red bar, so it was unlikely they were singling her out because she was a girl. She had only one last thought, but if that were it, she figured they should just kick her out.

“You were under too much stress,” Martin went on. “Eric and I’ve been talking about it at each promotion, and we’ve been talking with your training sponsor, Amanda. We couldn’t pass you while the doctors were saying that the stress was causing your problems because command would only add to your stress….”

Eric took Martin’s silence as a cue. “We were worried that it would be too much for you to handle, to advance you before you were ready. You are of course, very talented, and we didn’t want to lose you. People that are stressed too much sometimes do worse than wet their pants, and we were afraid of pushing you beyond that. We’ve had Amanda keep an eye on you for changes.”

At that moment, Seth walked into the conference room. He quietly took a seat while Eric finished his sentence.

“Jamie? Amanda? Do you feel that Jamie really cannot handle the stress of advancement?” he looked into Amanda’s brown eyes.

“She has been under a lot more stress trying to pass the silly tests and trying to revise her answers and figure out why she hasn’t passed, then she’d ever face as a supervisor on the team.”

“Are you sure of this Amanda? Could you image her trying to explain to those juniors under her that she has a problem, and that they have to respect her even though she has trouble controlling her body?”

“Yes. With all that she’s been through, telling her juniors that she has a problem would be a cakewalk, but besides that, there is no reason for her to even address it. She wets the bed all the time, but she only really goes in her pants during the day when she’s under a lot of stress. If she passed her tests, she would not be under as much stress, and she can continue her sleeping arrangements as she has them, so there is no reason for anyone to unnecessarily to find out.”

“Jamie? Do you want to continue training, and to become a commander in the deep space ranger program?”

“Yes sir.”

“Then, it’s settled. You should have passed your examinations from the first one you failed, and we will be promoting you to a black bar as of tomorrow when your test results are out. Regardless of what your report says, you have enough points, and enough of a record to merit passing to junior lieutenant.”

Jamie smiled.

“So, get out of my training room, and get in the recreation room and have some fun cadet, and that’s an order!”

Jamie stood up, looked around at everyone else who nodded at her, and then walked out of the conference room with her head held high. Seth then turned his attention to the others.

“I know you all intended to protect her, however, we cannot be so bent on protecting someone in the program, even if they are very talented, that we jeopardize the team. As far as Jamie’s problems, I don’t want you monitoring them anymore. She’s twenty-three years old, and well old enough to think about her own problems on her own. If she comes to you with a problem, you can help her, but stop monitoring her for wetting. It isn’t helping her self-esteem. Understand?”

“Yes sir,” the others said in unison.

“Good, get out of my conference room, and leave her alone. Dismissed.”

