High Winds and wet knickers

Author: pwpj

*000*2015-12-05 01:17

A Scottish student is frustrated and delayed by bad weather - inspired by the news today.

Emily wasn't overly concerned about the high winds that afternoon. Having grown up in a small town on the edge of the Firth of Forth, she'd been used to gales throughout the winter. She'd moved to Edinburgh for uni and after a long weekend at her parents house, she was returning to the city ready to sit her exams. She'd done the journey many times since starting uni, almost every other weekend - so she was quite confident that it'd take half an hour, tops. After all, it was a Monday afternoon and most people would be at work. She'd leave at 2pm, and be back in Edinburgh in plenty of time for her evening shift at the pub she worked.

She left her parents house and headed south down the M90. The weather was pretty dire - torrential rain and howling winds - but nothing she hadn't seen before. Emily was quite a stunner and usually had several admirers; with long dark brown hair and deep blue eyes, she'd melt many a guy's heart. Her figure wasn't bad either, although she'd put on a bit of weight recently through too much junk food. She could feel her trousers were tighter than normal! As she was going to work this evening, she dressed in the white blouse and plain black trousers that made up her uniform. She realised that the normal plain pink knickers she was wearing would show an obvious VPL, so made a mental note to change into a thong once she was back at her flat.

The winds continued to howl as she headed south, and the traffic was slow. Still, she was doing alright for time. Taking a sip of her coffee, she realised she needed a wee - but not very badly, so she'd just hold it in until she got back to her flat.

The traffic became slower and slower, but in her car surrounded by lorries and vans Emily couldn't really see what was happening ahead. Looking at her watch she became concerned about running late - but it was sure to ease up once she was over the bridge, anyway. The air in the car's heating system was quite dry, so she took a glug of water from the bottle she kept in her bag. She realised this might not be wise since she needed a wee anyway, but realistically the delay shouldn't be too bad.

As she approached the roundabout just before the bridge, Emily could see the road cordoned off and a policeman directing traffic down the slip-road to a diversionary route. "BRIDGE CLOSED" said the flashing signs. "Damn!" she thought. It had been a few years since she'd had to go up to Kincardine, where the next bridge was located, but she knew it was a relatively long trip around.

She pulled off the motorway and joined a convoy of vehicles being diverted through local villages and towns on a single-carriageway A road. By this time she should have been almost home, and her bladder was starting to ache slightly. Perhaps she'd stop somewhere along the way?

It was now 20 minutes since she'd come off the motorway, and the diversion was pretty torturous. Several slow-moving lorries meant that nobody could get up to much speed, not that that was wise with the weather anyway. Emily really wanted to cross her legs to alleviate the need to go to the toilet - but that wasn't really practical when driving. If only she'd bought an automatic! She mentally calculated the time it'd take her to get home - there was probably another 20 minutes to get to Kincardine bridge, then another 20 on the other side before she got to the other side of the Forth Bridge. This left her really short of time for getting home and back out again in time for work starting, but she hoped she'd be able to manage it.

The bridge at Kincardine wasn't too far away now, but Emily was finding herself rubbing her knees together to try and ignore the need to pee. She resolved to get across the bridge and then find somewhere with a loo, before it was too late. Perhaps her new years resolution could be to lose the pounds she'd put on recently - she realised that her belt was digging in a lot more than it used to.

The roundabout just before the bridge was snarled up with a broken down van, which created another bottleneck, but Emily got on to it at about 3.30pm - an hour and a half into what should have been a half hour journey! She was due to start work in an hour, and anticipated that if the traffic wasn't too bad on the other side, she could make it without getting a warning from her boss. As she came off the bridge and finally found herself on the right side of the Firth, she naturally followed the signs for the motorway. Passing a McDonalds, she wondered whether it would be worth pulling in to use the toilet - but time was against her, and the M9 wasn't normally too bad at this time of day, so she could surely hold it until she got home.

This was a decision she soon regretted, as the effects of the water she'd been sipping throughout the long crawl passed to her bladder. Fortunately, the rain had subsided, but the wind continued to blow at gale force and prevent her making particularly good speed. To try and make herself more comfortable, she used her right hand to hold her crotch - hoping that no lorry drivers would notice and think she was doing something else entirely! Her bladder was in a great deal of pain now and pressing against the belt on her trousers. Emily was capable of going for a long time without needing a wee - she'd gone most of the day without going before - but this invariably meant she was storing up a huge amount and she could pee for a minute and a half quite easily. Thinking back, she realised she hadn't gone since 11am - now over five hours ago - and had drunk an awful lot of water and coffee in that time.

As she approached the outskirts of the city, Emily reflected on the fact that it had taken her over an hour and a half to travel across one small stretch of water. If only she'd been in this position an hour and a half earlier, she thought as she merged with the road from the closed bridge. She was now very desperate for a wee and was again calculating how long it'd take to get home. She needed to come off the motorway, onto the bypass, then along a country road to the suburb where she lived. Hopefully, she could be home in fifteen minutes, and be at the pub in time for her shift.

The approach to the end of the motorway was slow, as traffic had to negotiate a roundabout at the end. Emily alternated fidgeting with her knees when stationary in the queue, with holding with her right hand and steering with her left as she moved slowly forward. Her bladder throbbed and ached and she could think of little else than getting the relief she needed.

Finally, it was her turning off the bypass and she wasn't far away from home. It had been a long time since she'd been this desperate for a wee. She often returned from a night out in need by the time she got off the nightbus, but she was only a few minutes walk from the stop - but there'd been at least one memorable occasion where she'd run back from the stop, such was her need.

Turning off the main road onto the B-road that took her down to the suburb she lived in, she put her foot down. It was a countryside road linking the main road and her suburb, and was pretty quiet. She was contorting herself to try and make her aching bladder feel more comfortable. Left leg was curved slightly trying to keep her thighs pressed together, right foot on the accelerator, right arm in her crotch and left arm on the wheel. It wouldn't be too long now until she got relief. Thank god. Her thoughts were so engrossed on the relief that was so badly needed, she didn't notice a tractor pulling out of a farm turning ahead. Spotting it at the last minute, she slammed the brakes on, skidding to a halt only a few inches away from disaster. The sudden shock and braking caused the seatbelt to dig into her bladder and, together with the fear of collision, Emily felt a spurt escape into her knickers.

The situation was quite serious now and she was fearful of her ability to get back to her house without having a full-blown accident. Starting her car again and following down the road, she realised that the only way she could avoid an accident was to pull over and squat. Emily really didn't like doing this, but it was the only way. As she drove down the road she looked for laybys or turnings to pull into - one looked hopeful, but a man was walking his dog and she didn't feel like giving him a scene. She continued a hundred yards down the road before turning left into a country lane where she drove down and around a corner before she pulled over. This spot would have to do - she was in a road with a hedge on one side and woods on the other. Her bladder started to pulse and as she was fumbling to undo her seatbelt she could feel another leak escape into her knickers.

She managed to open the car door and step outside, realising that there wasn't even hope of going into the woods - it had to be here. Fidgeting on the spot, almost as if running on the spot, she tried to undo her belt. At almost the same time, she could feel her pee start to leak into her knickers slowly but surely, and as she managed to undo her belt she could feel the stream increasing. Emily tore her knickers down and pushed her bottom out and released a long, hissing and desperately-needed bladder full of pee onto the already-soaked verge. She hadn't shaved in a while, and the pee ran through her hair and dripped down from her backside. She continued, backside in the air visible to anybody, for almost two minutes. A builders van drove past and beeped at her, but she wasn't bothered. Her prime feeling was of relief, having finally managed to have the long-needed pee.

As her bladder emptied itself of the last few drops, she came back to her senses. She looked down and saw her pink knickers had a large damp spot in the crotch where she'd lost control, and dribbles towards the back where she'd pulled them down as she was in mid-flow. There was nothing for it though - she had to pull them back on and do her trousers up. At least home wasn't far away, and her trousers didn't have any visible marks on them.

Pulling into her street a few minutes later, she parked up and got out the car and into her flat. Emily looked at her phone for the first time since she'd left home, and saw a text from her boss at the pub. She shouldn't worry about coming in tonight if the weather was so bad that the journey would be difficult, and her boss had seen about the bridge closure on the news...!

*002*2015-12-05 02:04

{{:

Omg that was so good

}}

Thanks so much! It just started as an idea because of a news report about bridge closure, and me wondering "what if". Glad you liked it! What did you enjoy?

*007*2015-12-10 20:38

Thanks guys. I'll have to think what to write about next :)

*009*2015-12-12 17:24

{{:

Thanks for a great, well written, believable story. So much better than a lot of fiction I read sometimes. Any chance of more stories about Emily?

}}

I'll see what I can do!

*010*2015-12-14 00:30

{{:

I'll see what I can do!

}}

See my more recent story about the incident which was briefly referenced in here!

