Transfer to Hogwarts

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-18 05:08

Ok, so this is a fanfic of harry potter and in this story a few things have happened that don't in the actual story line, sirius had a son with Tonks in order of the pheonix, Grindlewald has a son as well who rises to power, and this all takes place in 2012 with the characters in this story in year six, and only small cameos from the characters from Jk Rowling, its been aa while since I read the books so this my Harry Potter terminology may be a little off as well as my british and so on, phrases however I hope you like it.

Chapter one: Hogwarts Express

I sat in the backseat of the red impala as it drove through the London streets, the only American car In the street, not that I was from America, my family was originally from France although we were from Australia and I had an Australian accent, however we had recently moved to Britain on account of my father’s business, and rather than continue on to my sixth year of school at Beauxbaton I was transferred to Hogwarts school of witch craft and wizardry.

I felt butterflies flutter in my belly as I pulled the hem of my uniform skirt up past my mid-thigh and adjusted my knee socks. I was extremely nervous, as I was my first time at Beauxbaton and now I was forced to restart over again. I sat in the back in silence as my mother drove while my father fiddled with his smart phone. I jiggled my legs lightly as my bladder began to fill slightly, I had a weak bladder but I figured I could hold it till I got to Hogwarts hopefully.

I rolled my birch wand between my fingers, the ashy wood felt odd against my smooth finger tips as I sensed the unicorn horn essence within, the conduit for my powers, it almost tingled eleven inches with polished wooden groove to hold. I held the wand between my index and middle finger and swished it around slightly as I stared at to the bleary world around me, morning’s fog still covering the streets.

I wanted to smile, after all I was excited, however more than that I was anxious and I felt a twinge in my bladder as the anxiety gave me a odd sense of desperation. I hated to admit it, but I sorta liked the pain of a full bladder so I quickly switched the focus of my thoughts.

I began to think of my old school, I was a great student, and especially excelled in defense against the dark arts. I was also one of the more popular when it came to boys, my curly blonde hair, my slender build with nearly perfect curves in the right places, a great face with beautiful blue eyes with gold bursting from around the pupils. Even my Melbourne accent seemed to attract guys with its seductive tone.

I self-consciously unbuttoned one more button on my grey Hogwarts shirt, showing off a bit more of my cleavage to hopefully make a “good” impression among my peers. Normally as was more classy than that, however my nerves were corrupting my mind as I felt another twinge in my bladder and the awkward feeling in my abdomen from apprehension flutter again as we drew closer to king’s cross station. I shook my leg rapidly trying to shake the feeling of desperation as my bladder panged in my abdomen.

Finally as we officially reached king’s cross station as we exited the car and head off towards platform 9 ¾ the feeling intensified. I got up rather awkwardly but struggled to regain my composure as my parents helped me with my things as we entered the station. Finally after fumbling through the crowded train station I saw the pillar bearing the sings, platform 9 and platform ten, I gripped the handle on my cart and turned to my parents.

“Good-bye.” I spoke softly, the nerves getting the best of me. I mustered a smile but I felt like I was going to puke.

“Good-bye sweetheart.” My father said affectionately. “I’ll have a surprise for you this Christmas, and another surprise for you this upcoming week while you’re at Hogwarts.” He smiled and embraced me in a suffocating hug.

“Good-bye.” My mom managed teary eyed like she did every year before seeing me off. She kissed me on my forehead and I turned to face the pillar. I took a deep breath and my stomach started to do flips as I charged forward and passed straight through the pillar, I felt my whole body tingle and my bladder pulse again.

I looked around gleefully as I entered the platform nine and three quarters and approached the scarlet train amongst the crowd of children and boarded the Hogwarts express. It was a bit of a step back from the magical carriages of Beauxbaton but none-the-less I was excited. To start school, to learn new spells, to meet new friends, even to see how long I could go without using the bathroom.

I shuffled aboard the train and set my bags in the appropriate apartment before walking down the train to find somewhere to sit, I finally settled for one with three other kids already filling the seats.

“Mind if I sit here?” I asked the group awkwardly.

“Go ahead,” a muscular kid said eagerly. He was cute and had the sweetest hazel yes I ever saw, he had light brown hair and wore Slytherin robes on and a sly smile on his lips.

I sat next to him and faced the other two, one was a boy also donning the silver and green robes. about my age with Jet black hair and, peculiar violet yes, an athletic build and half smirk on his face.

The other was obviously his girlfriend judging on how he affectionately had his arm wrapped around her slender back, she had dark brown hair and was tall with killer legs and a pretty face, a great bust and deep brown eyes. I felt a pang of envy towards her but brushed it off. She bore the signature Ravenclaw robes.

“My name is Isaiah Anderson.” The boy who first welcomed me into the compartment offered out his hand to me. I shook it cautiously, I heard about students from Slytherin’s reputation for being vain and cold, but the two boys seemed friendly enough, but then again I revealed enough of my cleavage my red bra peeked out slightly.

“I’m Leah Patton, and this is James Black.” The girl said sweetly also offering her hand out which I shook gratefully. I already felt welcome.

“I’m Isabella Bladin.” I said with slight confidence. “I just transferred to Hogwarts from Beauxbaton and I’m crazy nervous.” I muttered flustered.

“Well do you need to know anything about Hogwarts?” Isaiah offered sweetly.

“Not really… well I spent most of my time reading Hogwarts: a history and such, so I know a lot already, the moving staircases, the ghosts that roam the halls, the four houses and a lot of other things, although it probably won’t keep me from getting lost.” I giggled.

“We can help with that.” James offered kindly. “But there is something you should know about us first.” James said solemnly.

“Should we tell her?” Isaiah asked, sounding a little nervous.

“She’s going to find out eventually, anyway we are already wizards, its not that weird that… Isabelle,” he started.

“Isabella.” I corrected playfully.

“Isabella.” He said with a hint of sarcasm. “I’m a metamorphmagus, able to shift my entire appearance crazy enough, Isaiah is a parstletongue. And Leah is a werewolf.” He said calmly.

“Uh… I…” I stuttered, I had no idea what to say to that. I wasn’t weird-ed out, if anything I felt disappointed, in myself for not being as special as them so I just nodded and smiled awkwardly.

“You think we’re weird don’t you?” Isaiah complained.

I shook my head. “Quite the opposite actually, I’m insanely jealous, I’d rather have any one of the abilities than be a normal witch.” I said with faux putting to get my pint across.

“Trust me, being a werewolf is nothing great.” Leah said softly.

“I figure it wouldn’t be.” I spoke with a hint of sympathy.

“Anyway, did you hear, that they are bringing back dementors on Hogwarts?” Isaiah asked.

“What?” I asked meekly hoping I heard wrong, I was terrified of dementors, especially since I hadn’t managed to ever preform a patronus charm.

“Yeah, it’s because of the son of Gellert Grindlewald has risen to power, some say he is as powerful as his father in his youth, maybe even more powerful, the next ‘he-who-must-not-be-named. They say he’s searching for the Elder Wand.”

“Grindlewald had a son?” I asked skeptically. “I never heard of that.”

“He never took care of his son, it was with a courtesan, pure accident, not that the accident hadn’t caused him to inherit his father’s evil, and the sense of abandonment doesn’t help. He may have even inherited his father’s secret of invisibility.” James said bitterly.

“What’s his name? How old is he.” I asked.

“that’s the thing, Grindlewald had been imprisoned for a long time, but his son is only twenty-seven at the most, and his name is Albus, although he goes by Grindlewald alone.” Leah said softly.

“Wow,” I said, although I was more worried than in awe. “So… Why would he come to Hogwarts, other than to massacre a bunch of under-age wizards.” I said frightened.

“supposedly Harry Potter hid the wand somewhere in Hogwarts.” James said solemnly as he stared out the window as the scenery passed and for the first time I realized the train had left the station, and suddenly I felt the pain return to my bladder and I jiggled my leg slightly.

“I’m kind of getting tired of all the chosen one stuff. I mean I get he saved a lot of lives, but there has to be other heroes out there.” I muttered almost harshly.

“I know what you mean, it’s been ages since Harry ‘saved the world’ but everyone still acts like it was just yesterday.” Isaiah stated.

“He’s my Godfather.” James said bluntly and before I could continue he spoke again. “And even I get tired of hearing about it all, so does he.” He smirked as he saw the expression on my face.

“James is a bit of a jerk sometimes.” Leah teased as he hit him in the arm playfully. “Don’t take him so seriously all the time.”

“Thanks for the advice.” I laughed, as I noticed James eyes turned bright yellow. I realized his metamorphmagus ability gave him “mood eyes”

Trolley, anything off the trolley?” A lady asked as she drove by with a cart of candy and such.

“Licorice wands, and chocolate frogs.” I called and purchased them,

“Every flavored beans.” Isaiah called.

“drooble’s best blowing gum.” Leah called.

“Fizzing whizzbees, cauldron cakes and four pumpkin juices.” James ordered.

We all paid and received our magical sweets as she left. James handed us each a vial of pumpkin juice. I chewed on my licorice wand slowly, savoring its taste.

I watched as Leah blue a large blue bubble that would stay floating in mid-air for the rest of the train ride, and James begin to levitate for a short time as he took a bite out of the large sherbet ball. I giggled and we all alguhed as we had our fun with our candies.

“Gross.” Isaiah gagged as he spit out a jelly bean. “Vomit flavor.” He explained.

“Volo.” James said flicking his silvery wand at the jelly bean, and it slowly dissolved away.

“What’s your wand made of?” I asked surprised. I never saw one like that, it was made of metal and still looked like it was plucked from a tree branch.

“wormwood,” he said. His eyes changed a shadowy color. “it’s the rarest object in the world, wormwood is indestructible, doesn’t need a core and all the spells it casts are untraceable. This wand honestly chooses its wizard, it appears on top of a wizard or witch while they sleep, and they are bound together forever, unfortunately it typically chooses a dark wizard, and a wand like this only appears every hundred years or so.” He said solemnly.

“Oh.” I muttered dumbly. He nodded. Suddenly the train stopped and I felt the pumpkin juice begin to fill more of my bladder. I kept forgetting about me damn bladder! Hard to believe I could as it felt like it was stabbing my lower abdomen, I started douncing my legs up and down.

“I’m going to the loo.” I muttered as I stood up and tried to open the door only to find it sealed shut.

“The dementors are coming.” Leah realized.

I sat down and started to bounce my legs wildly. I reached back and pulled my thong into a wedgie in an attempt to help hold back the flow of urine. I felt the flow rushing to burst through the urethra. I hated the desperation for once. “Does anyone know the patronus charm?” I asked.

“I do.” Leah said as she drew her ebony wand. James drew his but remained silent, I felt Isaiah draw me closer and traded me seats, kindly keeping me further away from the door. I felt the dementors presence before I saw it. Everything became unbelievably cold, and frost covered the windows, I saw my breath billow before me as I shivered and my bladder panged once again.

I squished myself against the wall as I saw Leah prepared to cast a spell. The not knowing was the worst part, as I felt my bladder start to weaken. A bit of urine quickly soaked my thong, and I fought the urge to keep peeing. As the dementors presumably got closer the compartment got colder still. Finally the frost on the window got so thick it was practically pure ice rather than glass. I felt urine dribble from my crotch ever so slowly, it trickled along my thighs and dripped onto the chair and the butt of my skirt, slowly dampening it, it was just barely moist.

Then the dementor appeared. His head loomed just outside of the door and my fear peaked. I felt to emotions fill my soul, terror and deep, deep sorrow. I faced James but his eyes were pitch black and he looked woozy, I felt woozy as the door creaked open.

I felt myself grow faint as my heart conflicted my weakness as it began to race in a panic and my bladder burst. Urine flooded into my thong and splattered around the seat, thoroughly soaking my mini-skirt and racing along my thighs for a small portion. My eyes went wide as the dementor floated in the compartment, causing more urine to burst out. The puddle filled the entire seat causing Isaiah to first jump forward, practically into the dementor before he fell back to the ground in fright.

The urine just raced from my crotch as time seemed to stand still, the hot pee gushing into the bottom of my mini-skirt, a small stream trickling along my thighs before I saw leah leap to her feet. I shut my eyes and heard her scream the patronus charm.

My eye lids went orange and I realized it had to work, after a moment everything became warm again and I opened my eyes to the group. Fear was replaced with mortification and tears brimmed among my eyes. I charged out of the compartment, urine dripping from my skirt as I ran to the loo. I stepped inside and locked the door as I sat on the toilet.

I began to sob loudly for what seemed like forever. My nose began to run and my throat hurt. Finally I heard Leah’s voice say “Alohomora.” Before the door opened and she approached me.

“Come on,” She offered her hand out. “James cleaned the seat, so let’s go back, it’s alright, you were scared.” She said kindly and I followed her still sniffing as my breathing was loud and shaky. She led me to the compartment that still stank of ammonia where James stood with his wand out. “turn around.” Leah instructed.

I turned around obediently as I wiped tears from my eyes. “Sicitas.” James uttered, and I felt the urine dry from my clothing.

“Thank you.” I sobbed softly as I leaned against the window and just fell asleep.

*001*2012-02-19 05:17

I've decided not to continue this story despite my plans for it, I just don't enjoy it as much as on the lam, I am sorry for anyone who may have enjoyed it

*003*2012-08-19 18:09

{{: 

Every time I though the wetting was about to happen I was wrong lol the suspense!

}}

I almost forgot I wrote this :p

*005*2012-08-19 19:41

{{: 

Would you consider writing a story about Luna or Cho?

}}

I honestly don't think I have the extra time to write anything other than the stories I already have planned.

