Dungeons & Desperation - a CYOA - Page 2

Author: anonymous guy choc

*025*2014-06-17 06:15

{{:

For ancestry I have to vote the Farmers deep in the forest (because that's where elves belong!)

}}

Racist. :P

*032*2014-06-18 03:04

When you say monks, do you mean psions or the monastery idea put forth by Grim Reaper?

*035*2014-06-18 21:34

Currently we have a possible tie between nobles and Grim Reaper's monk idea. However, 2 answers have been vague and so I will ask for clarification.

If you would like our unformed spirit to be raised among the monastic order of the flaming Monkey, the idea set forth by Grim Reaper, please say something along the lines of "I vote for the Order of the Flaming Monkey"

If you would like our spirit to join the Psionic Monastery I have offered, please say something along the lines of "I vote for the psions."

Thank you. If nothing more is said, I will assume you meant the order of the flaming monkey, and there will be a tie between that and the noble houses.

One final note: New votes are still acceptable.

*038*2014-06-19 06:22

{{:

I had originally thrown that out there to be funny . I guess if chocolate guy is okay with it I'll vote for it.

}}

Of course. If you get the votes then by all means.

*040*2014-06-20 05:15

With Ranpalan's final choice set, I have the final results here:

Farmers - 1

Clansmen of the Dalish Elves - 1

Fellow Psions: 2

The order of the flaming monkey - 2

Noble house - 3

3 names were suggested: Fira, Erlana, and Hathquella. At the moment I'm leaning towards Erlana. Tomorrow (the 20th) I'm busy but the day after tomorrow (the 21st) I shall Choose a name and write the opening to our Lucky little unformed. If I have the time, I may even do a picture of her though, be warned, I'm pretty abysmal with faces. :P

*Bounces happily*

*044*2014-06-21 16:02

Parental history voting is over. Suggest and vote on name ideas for now please.

It may be another day before I do this. My mom had to go to the hospital today so I'm a bit short on time. Don't worry, she's fine, just takes away my day.

*049*2014-06-24 19:07

I apologize about the lack of this story's promised update. I'm rather ill at the moment and can't think properly so it wouldn't be of the quality I want to get out. Plus I quite frankly don't feel like writing all things considered so I beg your patience on this.

