Dr. J. Crane Omorashi (Requested by Harley Quinn)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-03-25 16:55

Doctor J. Crane Omorashi.

The day started out as normal. Doctor Jonathan Crane walked into Arkham in a relatively happy mood, though no-one would ever be able to tell that he was in a happy mood, his face was almost always stoic. Anyway, he walked into Arkham and made his way to his office and unlocked the door.

Once in there, he closed the door upon himself and sorted his paperwork and everything else out and put his thermos of coffee to the side of his desk, before sitting down at his desk and getting ready for his first patient. He had just finished pouring a cup of coffee when there was a knock at the door.

"Enter!" He called.

A lovely little nurse entered and she seemed a bit shy. He looked up at her, his piercing blue eyes just staring at her passively.

"Yes?" He asked.

The nurse cleared her throat and gave a sheepish smile.

"Your first patient is ready Doctor Crane" she said.

Jonathan nodded and his lips quicker up a little.

"Very well, bring them in please" he said.

The nurse nodded and exited the office, closing the door behind her. Jonathan sighed a little and read over the notes of his first patient while sipping at his coffee. an interesting specimen and a likely candidate for the fear toxin he was attempting to create.

Soon enough the patient arrived and he spoke with him and tried out the fear toxin, it worked like a charm and as soon as the consultation had started, it had finished and it was on to the next one. This went on for a while, with Crane enjoying a nice cup of coffee before every patient to make sure that he was awake and alert before talking to them all.

Unfortunately, drinking all of this coffee was having an adverse effect on his body and he began to feel his bladder filling up. He ignored it though, there wasn't any time for him to take bathroom breaks when he had serious experiments to conduct, taking a piss would need to take a back seat.

By the time he'd finished with his next patient, he was beginning to squirm in his seat and he noticed that he had read the same sentence in the notes of the next patient at least five times.

'Come on Crane, concentrate!' He thought to himself.

He read the notes again, but a throb of his bladder told him that he wasn't going to be able to concentrate until he relieved the pressure growing there. A sigh escaped his lips and as he stood to answer nature's call, the nurse walked in with his next patient. A slight and strained smile appeared upon his lips and he sat back down, much to the disappointment of his bladder.

The funny thing with needing to pee, bladder twinges happen at the most inopportune times and he was rather unlucky that a twinge just so happened to make it's appearance while in the middle of a question.

"Do you want to see m-ah! My mask?" He asked.

The patient just looked at him and he felt heat rise to his cheeks.

"I do apologise" he said.

He pulled the burlap sack out of his briefcase and put it on, before pressing a button in said suitcase to release the gas right into the patient's face. He got up to taunt the patient, but as he did a small leak escaped him and he grunted. Surely he wasn't that desperate was he? As soon as the patient had been taken away by the nurse, Crane was out of his office and hurrying towards the bathrooms he knew were on this hall, but when he got there he knew that Lady Luck wasn't on his side as the bathrooms were closed for maintenance. A small groan escaped him and he turned quickly towards the elevators, but they were too far up, he'd have to wait too long for them to come back down, so he resigned himself to going up the stairs.

As he got to the bottom of the stairs that went up, he inwardly groaned and his bladder gave him a twinge, as if daring him to walk up two flights of stairs when it was full. Growling quietly, he sent a mental thought to his bladder.

'You are my bladder and unfortunately the bathrooms on this level are closed, it is either we go up these stairs or we wait' he thought.

There was no more protesting from his bladder and he started up the stairs. The first flight was fine, not a peep from his bladder, but the minute he got to the bottom of the second flight of stairs, his bladder gave a rueful contraction and he had to bend over to clutch at his groin to prevent any further leaks.

"No, no, this can't happen" he whispered.

While clutching his groin and looking around as he did, he ascended one step, nothing. He ascended another step, expecting his bladder to protest...nothing. It was the same for three more steps until he got to the middle of the flight of stairs and all hell let loose. A longer squirt escaped him and he gripped himself a bit harder, the liquid having run down to his knee now, creating a wet spot on his stupidly grey suit.

He attempted to take another step, but his bladder protested once again and another spurt was sent into his pants. He groaned, he knew that he wasn't going to make it to the bathrooms and now he couldn't go up and he couldn't go down. Thankfully hardly anyone ever used the stairs, but it wasn't the point. He stood there for a few more minutes and in that time, his bladder had calmed down...or so it had seemed, so he attempted to take another step up, but that was when his bladder decided that it'd had enough. A stronger and far more painful contraction wracked his bladder and suddenly, his hands became very wet.

Removing his hands from his groin, he watched in horror as the wet patch extended from where his fly was, right out towards his hips and down his legs into his expensive shoes. He tried to stop it, but found that he couldn't and by now the liquid was leaking out of the soaked material and he could hear the splashing on the concrete steps below him. Though there was no-one around, his cheeks flamed a bright red, especially when a loud hissing noise echoed throughout the staircase.

Soon, he was done, but there was no way hie could go around like this. Looking down at the mess he'd made, he surmised that he could always try and pass it off as if a patient had urinated all over him, something like that could happen. Nodding, he turned around and walked back down the stairs, intending to head for his office, grab his things and go home to get showered and changed.

