Pokemon Omorashi Short

Author: Alexxx

*000*2016-01-23 15:58

Hey guys :3.

Same Universe, different characters, less plot, more Omorashi. I'll be making more of these shorts in the future, possibly with the same characters, but with job stuff and life, it may be a bit :3. I'll keep you all updated~.

Love you guys!

###

“Shit!”

A thin layer of snow brushed off me as I dashed through the door, shivering horribly as I slammed it shut. It wasn’t the snow or ice that made living here unbearable, but the insufferable wind that froze you to the bone the moment you stepped outside.

I dashed up the stairs and into my apartment, quickly shoving the key into the lock, desperate for the warmth only my tiny house could provide. At last, I shoved my way in, quickly locking the door, and keeping out the unrelenting winter winds.

Warmth, at last.

Volt stood in the center of the room, her back straightening somewhat upon seeing me. It was still odd having a Pikachu in my apartment; I never fancied myself a trainer, and I was still somewhat hesitant at my sacred space being shared with another.

My sister Abby was relentless about the adoption; she could never be as far away from the family as I was, and insisted I get a Pokemon to ease the transition. She, naturally, had just the one in mind – a quiet Pikachu, who’s somewhat skittish nature had bounced her home to home, and eventually back to the adoption center Abby volunteered in on Sundays.

The first few weeks with were odd; Volt kept to herself mostly, and rarely spoke. The first few words were to request art supplies; she could draw fantastic landscapes and sceneries with her charcoal. She would always get the black smeared all over herself, but that didn’t stop her from creating breathtaking black and white pictures. She was incredibly talented.

She spoke more as the days went by, but she still hid whenever Abby, or any of my friends visited. Still, I grew to enjoy her quiet companionship, and she grew to trust me enough to curl in my lap when we watched TV, or to go on walks in the park.

Over the last two weeks, things have gotten a bit weird for us, though. She’s been cuddlier than normal, sometimes bumping my mouse when I’m trying to write an email, or tangling herself in my shoes when I’m trying to get ready for work.

I also stumbled across some of her charcoal sketches that were hidden under the bed. They were all of me, and rather suggestive; one depicted me stepping out of the shower, and another, me nude, rising from bed. They were all too well done, and I put them back without a word.

A few days later, two more appeared.

It’s not unusual for Pokemon to develop feelings for their trainer, but I still didn’t want to think about it. I’m not a bigot or anything; it’s just not for me.

…I think.

Volt sat on the floor, looking up at me. A small blush adorned her yellow muzzle, and her light blue eyes looked uncertain.

[C-Chase? I…I need to be let out.]

I chuckled, walking around her and hung up my coat, placing my gloves, hat, and scarf in their respective bins. “Not outside -- you’ll freeze. Can you use the toilet?”

Volt stood, and I noticed that her paw was pressed against her groin, though likely more out of embarrassment than true need. [i…]

“It’s easy; I’ll lift you on top gently, and then I’ll leave. You like being held, don’t you?”

Volt shifted uneasily.

“Come on.” I lifted her carefully, her back resting against my forearms. She was remarkably light at only eleven pounds, and curled up contently at my touch.

I walked to the restroom and pulled on the doorknob, but it held fast.

I cursed, making Volt cringe, and I yanked the doorknob again, harder. This time it gave, tearing off a small section of trim as the door flung open.

“Stupid thing.” I stepped closer to the bowl, but this time Volt trembled, and dashed up my arm and onto my shoulder.

“What’s wrong?”

“It won’t hurt you, I promise.”

[Can’t I just go outside?]

“It’s a blizzard outside, and you just got over the sniffles. It’s one thing if we had clothes to bundle you up, but if you’re peeing you’ll turn into a pika-popsicle.”

[Please?] She begged, clutching onto the cuff of my shirt. Her eyes watered ever so slightly, and I could tell she was really, truly scared.

She wasn’t housetrained well-

Actually, that’s not true. She was housetrained phenomenally, to the point where she was literally terrified of peeing in the house. All the Pokemon at the agency were, of course, but when rumors spread about flushing dead Pokemon down the toilet, it makes you all the more obedient, especially if you’re only one and a half feet tall.

“It won’t eat you.”

[it might!]

“You physically couldn’t even fit down the pipes.”

[Pleaaaase, Chase?] Volt whined, scissoring her bottom paws back and forth.

I looked out the window. If anything, the storm had increased in its rampage, scouring the world in white. I looked back at Volt, who gave me a small whimper, and large, aqua eyes.

“Fine, but you have to be quick. And you have to wear a hat.”

[Okay!] She bolted to the door, wrestling momentarily with her hat before giving me an expectant look. I sighed, reaching back into the closet and re-preparing myself for the winter’s cold.

I had barely opened the door when Volt dashed out, only to stop before the staircase, and bolt back inside.

[it’s COLD!] Her body shivered, and she wrapped her arms around herself.

“Told you.” I smirked, locking the door. I picked her up and pressed her to my chest, warming her up as her tiny trembles subsided.

[W-what do I do?] She squeaked.

“The toilet-”

[No!]

“Alright then…” I looked around.

I enjoyed my small, two bedroom apartment; I had everything I needed. A warm beige covered the walls, complementing a small oak desk with my laptop, and a larger flat screen beside it. In the living room, a wooden table teetered on three legs, leading into my sparse, but suitable kitchen.

“The sink?”

[That’s even worse than the toilet!] She howled.

“How? You couldn’t even be flushed!”

[i’ve seen you shred things in that sink! What if I fall in? I’ll be turned to goo!]

“Are you…talking about the garbage disposal?”

Volt squirmed, hopping out of my hands. [Yeah! You dropped a tomato in there once, and it just DISAPPEARED!]

“That’s food, not-”

[What if my leg slips down,] Volt gestured to her paw, nearly in hysterics. Her eyes gleamed with barely contained tears as she continued. [Or, or my arm!]

“We won’t turn it on, Vol.” I cooed. “It’s completely safe, I promise. It won’t hurt-”

[b-b-but what if it does?] She asked, clutching on to my leg, as if it was her only last comfort in a world of volatility. She tried to speak further into her pokespeak, but whatever thoughts she had only translated into a jumbled mess as she hugged my pant leg all the tighter. I could feel her tears spill onto my jeans, and through I couldn’t understand her words, I didn’t need a translator to understand her trepidation.

I sat down, wrapping my arms around her gently, and stroked her scalp. “Hey, hey. It’s alright. I won’t make you go in the sink. You’re safe here; nothing is going to happen, okay? We’ll figure something out. You’ll be okay.”

[O…okay…] Volt stammered, wiping her face, and standing back up. I could tell she was getting desperate; her bottom paws were now crossed, and one of her arms traced down her stomach and pressed lightly but firmly against her core.

“What about the bathtub?” I suggested. Volt’s eyes gleamed again with tears, but she remained silent. “You can go on the side away from the drain, so there’s completely, one-hundred percent no chance of anything happening. I’ll put you inside, and leave you to your privacy. Is that okay?”

She trembled, and clutched herself a bit harder. [i’m still…a little scared of it. C-could you stay?]

I stuttered, a bit taken aback.

[Just this once, just to make sure nothing bad happens? Please? Just this once; I’ll never ask for anything like this again.] She begged. [Pleasepleaseplease, I really, really have to go, I don’t have long!]

My mind went back to those drawings, the level of detail within each of the strokes, and the feelings I knew she kept buried just beneath the surface. I didn’t want to lead her on, particularly with this, which was quite embarrassingly intimate…

…but on the other hand, she was honestly scared. I couldn’t just make her go in by herself; getting into the tub would be the equivalent of me scaling a seven foot brick wall with no grip, plus, she might just end up being too scared and letting loose on the tile.

She’s never had an accident in the house before, but I’ve also never seen her this desperate. Walking into the restroom, trying valiantly to scale the tub wall, but failing and falling right back down.

Struggling, refusing to ask for help again out of shame, all the while the pressure is getting worse and worse. Now she’s clutching herself hard, not out of embarrassment but out of sheer, near-painful pressure. She’s biting her tongue to keep from moaning, still trying to reach the lip of the tub, but her predicament’s keeping her from reaching the top.

A quick dribble leaks out of her fur, and she knows she can’t hold it anymore, but also hates the idea of once again begging for help. With another spurt dampening her inner thighs, and her paw warm with urine, she climbs into the trashcan, trying to fit the plastic liner around herself as a small gush of unrelenting pee leaks down her leg. She’s holding herself hard, moaning with the tension of holding in for so long, and accidentally overturns the trashcan. It falls, knocking her sideways, and spilling her across the floor.

Now she’s peeing a waterfall, and she couldn’t stop it if she tried. Pee is gushing all over the floor, over the trashcan, over the floor mat, the rug, and all over her lower-half. She’s choking back sobs, still trying to contain herself despite her complete lack control, and all she could think of is why didn’t I just help her?

My face flushed with my rather erotic thought process, and Volt still stared at me, just as fidgety as before, waiting for me to make up my mind.

“O-okay, I’ll come with you.” I nodded, swallowing as if to appease my pulsing heart.

[Thankyouthankyouthankyou!] Volt waddled up to the bathroom door, already looking relieved. I grabbed the doorknob and pulled hard, knowing how it sticks. This time, however, it held fast.

“Shit.”

I pulled again, harder, but to no avail. Volt let out a slow whine next to me, gripping herself with both paws. I pulled again, then harder, and then struck the door with my foot.

Nothing.

[i…I’m really close…] Volt blushed.

“It’s okay, Vol, just a little longer. You’re doing really well.”

My mind raced as I tried to think of other options. Could I hold her over the sink? She might not make it in time, plus, she’d still be scared of the drain. Would the window work? No, they open from the inside, plus I wrapped them in plastic to keep out the cold. My towels were all in the wash, though I still had some paper towels and spare toilet paper in my cabinets!

I dashed to the kitchen and grabbed my supplies -- a roll of toilet paper to catch most of it, and two rolls of paper towels ‘just in case’ -- and started making a small nest against the tile. How much could a Pikachu pee, anyway? 50ml? Like, a fourth of a cup? Man, I wish I paid attention in science conversion.

Volt made another sound, a mix between a moan and her normal cry, and I moved out of the way. “Here – can you use this?”

Volt looked at my arrangement uneasily, stepping within the paper bounds. I offered her the roll of toilet paper, and she took it and placed it between her thighs.

“Okay.”

Volt stood in place, shivering for a moment, with her eyes shut in fierce concentration. A moment passed, and she squirmed against the toilet paper roll uncomfortably.

She shouted, shaking back and forth. [it’s just-, I can’t pee inside! It hurts; I have to go so bad! I feel like I’m about to pee on myself, but I can’t go!]

I took a deep breath, and motioned for her to do the same.

[C-c-can you pet me?]

I gave her a peculiar look.

[it…might calm me down. Please? I just…I’m scared, and nervous, and this doesn’t feel right, and I feel like you’re going to be mad at me, and hate me, and you won’t want me anymore-]

I put a hand on her head, and rubbed the fur back and forth gently, around the base of her ears, across and down. After a moment, her muscles relaxed, but she still shook in place.

A jet of urine hissed against the paper, and she instantly tensed, looking at me for confirmation. I nodded, and continued to stroke her fur, reassuring her.

Another dribble leaked against the roll she had pressed between her legs, which rapidly turned into a strong stream. She moaned, relief washing its way across her face as she drenched the roll beneath her in yellow, and her urine soaked into the paper towels I had laid across the floor.

Half way, she looked at me, her face flushed with shame and guilt.

“It’s okay. You’re not doing anything wrong. I’m not mad at you.”

She stood up, finished, through still dripping from her inner thighs. I offered her another paper towel, which she used to clean herself.

[T-thank you.]

“No problem.” I smiled.

[You’re…really understanding.] She held out her paws, and I picked her up, hugging her softly against my shoulder. [Thank you for…for being there for me.]

“Absolutely.” I hugged her a little tighter, then placed her on the floor. “How about we clean up, and then we get you in a warm bath? I’ll get the water running-”

[um, Chase?]

“Yes?”

[The bathroom’s locked, remember?]

“…Shit!”

$$

$$

$$

$$

*005*2016-01-24 01:38

{{: 

Nice. It has the quality your other story has. I would like to know what's going on with our old friends, as I'm sure other people would, but this is still good. Volt actually reminds me of Nova.

}}

Thanks! Volt and Nova definitely have similarities (he was always my favorite, shhh!), but expect big differences to bubble up for later chapters.

Also, hi! I don't think I said I back in the other thread ^_^ sorry...!

{{: 

That was so very good I'm wondering what's going on with the others but this is so far so good =)

}}

Thanks~! Well, I might just have to write a short with the old gang, huh? :3

{{: 

Nice job! This was really well made :)

}}

D'awww, ^_^, you guys are making me blush.

{{: 

Glad to see you're getting back into the story production.

}}

Can't let you have all the fun! :3

*009*2016-01-31 16:44

As soon as I stepped out of my apartment, the cold Johto air whipped my coat, freezing my breath as I walked onto the pavement. A heavy snow lined the fields of grass, and a thin sheet of ice marred the roads.

Of course, she wasn’t here yet. My murmurs of dissatisfaction turned to fog as I reached for my phone, content to blend my boredom into a few moments of mindless appeasement.

As I approached a moderately high score, I felt someone’s presence near me, standing but a few yards away. I furrowed my brow, attempting to gain a few more moments of solitude, when I felt their hand draw nearer to my face.

Slowly, the figure extended their index finger, poking me softly in the corner of my mouth. I concentrated further, ensuring the blocks were placed correctly in my little game, all the while the stranger probed my face further, placing their index finger into my cheek, rubbing against the back of my teeth. Unable to maintain my concentration, my small, adorable block character perished, and I turned my frustrated, mildly amused attention to the stranger ahead.

“Huey Abbuey.” I mouthed, her finger making it difficult to articulate my words.

“Hey Chase!”

“Why do you phut-”

“Because you let me.”

We stood a moment in the frigid cold, with her finger still producing slightly from my mouth. I pushed it out with my tongue and took a small step back, and she wiped her digit off with her glove.

“I’m glad you could make it,” I smiled, rubbing my hands together. “But are you sure this was a good idea, if you and your…current position?”

“Work wants me to travel more anyway.” She shrugged. “Plus, it means I can hang more with my big bro!”

“You’re not living with me if you lose your job.”

“I can cook for you!”

“That’s still a no.”

“I’ll make you Pho!”

“…I’ll consider it.” I shoved my hands in my pockets. “How’s Mom?”

“Worried. Doesn’t like that I got you Volt. She thinks that you’ll kill her like the plant in second grade.”

“I choose to get Volt. Plus, she’s doing fine.”

“Mind if I stop by later today, after you finish with work?”

I squinted, hard. “Are you seriously concerned with how I’m treating her?”

“No, that’s not what I meant! I just…that’s not why I was c-concerned.”

I scattered some snow with my shoe, and looked up apologetically.

“I just…” Abby began. “I want to make sure you’re okay. After, you know.”

My eyes softened somewhat, and I gave her a smile. “Sure. You have a key; let yourself in around six. I’ll be home then, and I’ll have time to chat with Volt about having you over.”

“Cool.” Abby frowned somewhat, turning to her car. “I didn’t mean that you weren’t, you know, handing everything, I just-”

I drew her in, hugging her fiercely. The memories of past events burned into my mind, making me relive horrors I could never forget. I remembered it all with terrible clarity, why I moved so far away, as if distance could put aside my demons. My vision blurred, if just for a moment, and I pushed her away gently.

“I know what you meant.” I smiled, sniffing slightly. “Thanks.”

“No problem, Chase. See you at six, after work?”

“See you then.”

###

Volt was all but asleep, curled against my lap as a rerun of our favorite cooking show aired on television. In theory it had some sort of continuity about it, but between the two of us missing shows, or a lack of attention, we had missed the plot entirely. To us it was almost surreal; teams competing for unclear rewards, punishments dispersed at random, and hearts mended and broken at a whim of the judges.

Volt purred lightly as I stroked her ears, eyes glazed as she watched the screen. [That food looks yummy.]

“Doesn’t it? We should totally make that sometime.”

She murmured in agreement.

The gritty sound of metal on metal stirred me from my immersion as Abby unlocked my door, and shivered through the entrance. “F-freakin’ hell it’s cold outside. Hey Chase!”

“Hey Abs!” I waved from my couch with one hand, with the other still on Volt. I still held her lightly, enough to reassure her, but not enough to prevent her from leaving, should she choose to do so.

She stopped purring as Abby sat down.

“Heeeey Volt…” Abby cooed, her hands against her knees in cautious, obvious sight. Volt quivered in place, silent. “I haven’t seen you since Chase got you. It’s great to see you again.”

Volt nodded uneasily, lowering herself further into my lap.

“Anyway – Chase!” Abby looked around, attempting to resume our conversation. Her eyes darted around the room, from my black, freshly dusted television stand to my cleaned, alphabetized bookcase. Her eyes trailed into the entrance to my kitchen, and the shelves above, where I held my measuring tape, duster, and other cleaning supplies.

“Your place looks…really neat.”

“Thanks.” I said automatically, registering after the fact that what she said wasn’t really a complement.

Abby bit her lip, but choose to drop the topic.

I rearranged my coasters, so they didn’t overlap. “How’s your job?”

“Good. The boss and I are still on rough terms, but he’s giving me a wider leash now, which is good. He knows I need to leave more often to get more clients, instead of cold calling all the time, which is a pain.”

Abby’s arms reached out slowly to pet Volt. She shrunk further, but didn’t protest.

“Plus, I feel as if I’m more respected around the office, which I’ve missed. It’s nice to know that I’m actually needed, and not just-”

Her finger traced around Volt’s neck, rubbing against the burn she wore underneath her fur.

Volt hissed in pain, and Abby recoiled, realizing what she had done. “Sorry! I didn’t mean-”

Volt shook hard, and sprang up. [i-I-I have to leave!]

“Oh. Okay.” I blinked, removing my hand. Volt leapt to the floor, her paws still shivering, and shot a glance at Abby before her eyes hit the floor.

[i-It’s not you. You were good to me, and I don’t want you t-to think I don’t like you, I’m just, with everyone, I’m not, I just-]

“I understand.” Abby nodded. “Sorry I…wasn’t more careful.”

Volt shot her a pained look of thanks before darting out of the room.

“Damn it. Sorry.” Abby swallowed. “Still though, that was better. I think being with you is honestly helping her come out of her shell. I’ve barely even seen her before.”

“Small steps.” I smoothed part of the carpet where Volt’s foot hit, to it matched the rest of the carpet’s color. “We’ve talked about seeing a therapist, but I think that’s farther in the future. Right now, I think just getting outside, and introducing people to her slowly is the best thing.”

“Has she told you about the…” She motioned to her neck.

“Yeah.”

“All of it?”

“Yeah.”

“Wow. You know, she never opened up to anyone else before. She was a…hard case.” Abby swallowed. “Have you told her everything? About your whole episode, about Dad, and everythi-”

“Yes.”

Abby sighed, relieved. “That’s important. How are you doing, with everything…up there?”

“Better, with Volt.” I evened out a few of the pillows on the couch, and sat back down. “I never thought of myself as a Pokemon person, but it grows fast. I know it’s only been a few months, but I feel like I’ve known her forever. It’s…nice.”

“I felt like that with my Absol, too. I barely remember the day I captured him; it just felt like we already knew each other, from the start. Some of the best days are when my boss gets pissed at me for no reason, and he’s always there, waiting by the door for me. It’s…sacred, in a way, you know?”

I nodded.

“I think, in some way, this was all needed, you know? You leaving, me with my new job responsibilities, Mom and Dad splitting up. Even you getting Volt and getting over your mental stuff, I just, I feel like it’s all related, somehow. Like it’s all for the better, eventually. Everything is happening for a reason.”

I shook my head, but more because I heard her than for affirmation. She took the small action for understanding, and stood up and stretched.

“Well, thanks for the visit; I have to go and make sure Absol’s doing alright, and prepare for my meeting tomorrow.”

“In that order? To insure it’s not a disaster?”

Abby stifled a chuckle, and flicked me in the nose. “Racist.”

I stuck out my tongue, relaxing on the section of my couch that she just freed up. “Get outta my house.”

“Pfff!” She rolled her eyes, giving me a smirk as she shut the door.

Silence.

I tried to relax, but the moment had passed, and I felt the pull in my subconscious. The terrible fire I could never quench, only dim.

Only dim.

I got out my measuring tape and knelt by the entrance, measuring the length of the doormat to the entrance, from one side to the next. After straightening it, I did the same for the couch, my side tables, my book cases, and my cabinets.

They were all perfect. They always were.

I collapsed on my bed taking a moment to reflect the day’s activities as I reached for my pillow. My eyes shut, not tired exactly, but still somehow fatigued.

I listened quietly, and heard Volt’s shaky breaths underneath the bed. Before I might’ve tried to speak with her, but I knew better. Just like I needed time, sometimes she did too.

And that’s okay.

A moment went by, and then another, and I felt my eyes grow heavy. The warmth of the setting sun traced my chest, and I snuggled against my comforter, content to enjoy its ray.

[i’m sorry.]

It took me a moment to register Volt’s statement. I opened an eye, and scratched a section of the bed beside me, likewise bathed in the glow of the setting sun. Volt obliged, hopping by my side, and cuddling against by chest.

“You didn’t do anything wrong.”

“Don’t worry about it. I know it can be intimidating with multiple people in the room.” I petted her slowly, sure to avoid her burn. “Plus, I know how you feel about your mark.”

Volt nodded, a scarlet hue crossing her muzzle as she hugged me tighter.

[i, um. I peed a little, when she, when she touched my neck.]

“I’m sorry she scared you.”

[it’s not her! It’s, It’s, I know she’s not going to hurt me, but I’m still scared of it happening again. I know I’m safe, but I’m still terrified inside, like it’s happening all over again. I feel helpless, I just…]

I placed my hand against her back, and scooted her closer to my core as she cried into my shirt. How long had it been since I had felt the exact same way? Alienated, and, and sickened, like something else was inside of me, forcing me to feel these thoughts that weren’t my own.

Now I was crying too. Volt smiled at me, despite her tears, then frowned again, staring at the blanket.

[i’m sorry I’m broken.]

I shrugged, wiping my eyes. “We’re all broken. We all have our parts we’re still trying to put back together. You’re doing so well. You talked to Abby today, you know that?”

Volt nodded, a small, contented smile illuminating her face.

“That’s big. And we can take it as slow as you need-”

I stopped mid-yawn. “What?”

I scratched her behind her ear, and she arched her back cutely. “Sure. I’ll warn you though, its super boring.”

[Then we’ll be super bored together.]

Night fell, and the last bit of light was masked by the horizon, and the gray clouds of a coming storm. Volt purred slightly as I continued stroking her, then stopped, and pushed my hand away lightly.

[Do you…really think we’re all broken?]

“In some way, yeah. Me, with my cleaning stuff, and you, ‘cause you’re a little shy. Everyone has something.”

[What does Abby have?]

I sighed, the shadows elongating across the walls, and lighting illuminating the distance.

Everything is happening for a reason.

“A lot of stuff has happened to her, recently. Our parents divorced, her big brother moved out, and she’s not doing the best at work. Sometimes, it’s easier to think that it’s all connected. That everything is moving as it should, and that issues in life are only a small section of a larger, tapestry of pre-defined destiny. To think that the mistakes you make were never your choice to begin with, and the troubles you have had were unavoidable; there’s a draw in that. To know, deep in your heart, that everything happens for a reason.”

Volt brushed her paw against her burns, feeling the stinging pain just like before, even after years of healing.

“Reason isn’t the same as meaning.”

Volt smiled at my affirmation, and I held her close.

“I think there is meaning, but I think it is deeper than an aphorism like that can offer. I think there’s meaning that the sky can produce water, that the flowers bloom each year, and I think there’s meaning in you.”

Volt kissed my forehead, steadying herself with her tiny paws, and curled in closer.

And to me, that felt meaningful.

*011*2016-02-01 00:46

{{: 

What a good chapter keep up the good work

}}

Thank you! Working on the next chapter now~!

*013*2016-02-06 15:39

[This looks important.]

[The Resting Place of Gods and Fools.]

[Woah.]

[i’m gonna poke it.]

[Don’t poke it the monument to the fallen gods, Static.]

It had been two months since the beginning of our adventure to capture the legendary Ancients. Although we have gotten close multiple times, they seem to flit through our fingers each time, though inexplicable luck or incomprehensible skill. Our last near-miss was Latios, and he fled just as Static went for the finishing blow.

He didn’t, of course, though he was painfully close. I swallowed my frustration, and turned my attention to the task at hand: The God’s Tomb.

Mew flitted around the statue playfully. [You should touch it!]

[Don’t.] I ordered, using my ‘Okay, but really, seriously this time, I mean it’ trainer voice.

Static crossed his arms, stomping his foot on the ground. [but whyyyy?]

[Can’t Pokemon tears revive people from stone, anyway?]

[That’s a myth.] Mew interjected. [They can, however, ease the pain of burns, and add a slight seasoning to a bland dish.]

[Good to know.] I unclipped my Pokeballs from my belt, and looked them over. Right now, Static, Mew, and Nova were out, meaning that Oxygen, Skarr, and Myst were currently in stasis. Keeping everyone’s circadian rhythm in line was important for long travels, and doubly so when Pokeball stasis was involved. I grabbed an empty Ultraball from my belt, and looked towards the entrance.

Mew began reading the archaic runes imbedded into the stone door. [The inception is ancient-]

[No shit.] Static grinned.

Mew glared at the tiny yellow mouse, and continued. [This dates back before humans, when the first language was that of the Unknown. Whatever is buried here, it isn’t dead. I’m not sure it could die.]

[Do you know how to open it?]

Mew stared further, tracing his finger across the indentation of the stone.

Nova gave me a questioning look, prodding a milky-pink stone attachment on his wrist. I grinned, looking at my own, and gave him a quick wink.

[Now, in theory, this door is meant to open in response to some type of answer, and I can decipher the riddle-]

“CHROOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!” Nova roared, blue fire blasting out of his maw as his flesh blackened with power. Two beams of purple light exploded from his elongated wings, and a wave of force blasted back the grass, and singed a circle around the now mega-evolved Charizard. Nova charged the door, punching it with a draconic fist, and obliterating the ancient runes with one forceful blow.

Static swallowed. […I keep forgetting you’re technically a dragon now.]

[i’ve always been a dragon!] Nova grinned, sticking how his tongue.

[You do all realize that that door was older than most life on this planet, and likely could have been preserved in a museum of some sort for a large sum of your currency?]

[i’m sure we can grab them on the way out,] Static reasoned. [Assuming Josh lets me touch them.]

I rolled my eyes, and entered the cavern.

It was enormous. Glowing lines of force and power gleamed against the walls, both in symbols of unknown, and other, more obscure lines and circles. The lines dimmed and shone in pulses, almost leading us down further into the unknown depths below.

[Cool…] Nova whispered, staring at the century old stalagmites, nearly resembling a massive underbite of some slain, monstrous creature.

I checked my bags, and made sure we had everything prepared to move forward. [is everyone ready?]

[Yup!]

[sure!]

[Wait.]

We all turned to Mew, who winced in concentration. [This…this is a hallowed ground. This is guarded by those who originated here, as the incarnation of thought and speech.]

Static, Nova, and I exchanged a confused glance, and we turned back to Mew.

[so…?]

[Don’t litter.]

[Okay.]

[Or we’ll all probably die.]

I swallowed, pushing the wrapper of my favorite protein bar further into my pocket. [Got it. Any other tips?]

[Not until we gain further entrance into the maw of the beast.]

Suddenly, the cave stirred, and the light from the outside was extinguished. I whirled around, and saw that the fragmented door from before had rematerialized, sealing us in.

Nova roared, dashing and punching the door, but to no avail. What was simple stone from one side was now an impenetrable field of force, and each blow struck yielded not a stretch from the magic that was placed upon the door.

Nova’s energy began evaporating, and he shrunk into his normal, four foot self, slightly out of breath. [um, guys?]

[Well, so much for a quick scouting expedition before we really went inside.] I shrugged. [Let’s go further down, I suppose, unless anyone has any other ideas?]

[i, um.] Nova blushed, scurrying to my side.

[Hmmm?]

[i…] Nova adjusted his pokespeak so we were talking alone.

[Peeing on Hallowed Ground will literally get you killed.] Mew interjected, ignoring the limitations of the pokespeak, and reaching out with his mind directly.

Static groaned. [Oh my god Nova, do you have to pee again?]

Static growled. [Then don’t worry about it.]

[i can’t not worry about it! I have G.A.D., I can’t stop worrying about stuff!]

[G.A.D.?]

[General Anxiety Disorder.] Nova whined.

[More like I.B.S., I’m a little bitch disorder!]

I put my hand on my forehead. [That’s an…actual condition, Static.]

[Little bitch disorder?]

[No-, ah, never mind. Nova, can you hold it?]

[He HAS to.] Mew threatened. [Our lives hang in the balance.]

We stood silently for a moment, absorbing the absurd gravity of the situation. Slowly, Static let out a quiet hissing sound, only to get thunked in the back of the head with Mew’s tail.

[Alright,] I rubbed my temples, trying to get some sort of control over the situation. [For the sake of our survival and Nova’s sanity, no more pee references, sounds, or anything that could provoke feelings of need. At all.]

I thought for a moment. […Except from you, Nova. If you need to say something, say it, because apparently ‘our lives hang in the balance’.]

Nova gulped.

We descended further into the cavern, down the gradual slope into the earth’s center. It was beautiful, with the brilliant glow of forgotten lore, but a single thought bubbled into my mind as we traveled further down.

Step.

Step.

…I really should’ve gone too.

### Sandy POV ---

I could feel it.

This burning inside me, quelled only by the gravitational pull of the earth, and the orientation of my core. If I could bear through the pain, I know I could maintain the position, and reach my goal without any alteration of my physical form.

The acid roasted my insides, burning through my stomach and chest, until at last-

“Urrrrrrp!”

Wigglytuff glared at me from across the room. [You’re disgusting.]

I grinned, my eyes watering. Wiggly grimaced.

What better way to enjoy a lazy Sunday afternoon than passed out on the couch, watching re-runs of the blooper reel from last year’s Elite Four contestants? I stretched, lazy snatching my two liter soda of choice, nearby polishing it off between myself and my equally glutinous companion. A bag of near-empty chips lay spilled across the floor, leaving a trail of crumbs from the ground to the soda, across my stomach, and slightly in my cleavage.

I looked down, and something poked me in the chin. I shifted, grabbing a rather large chip that had somehow coiled its way inside my top, and tossed it into my mouth.

[You’re so gross.]

[What?] I mouthed, my mouth full of mushed, cheese-flavored chips.

[Throw me the soda.]

I made a face. [Why? There’s like, backwash and spit at the bottom.]

[You can’t pee in my soda bottle! Oh my god, the bathroom is two steps away! Just get up and pee.]

[but I haven’t moved in hoouuurrssss…] Wigglytuff whined. [i’m not sure I remember how.]

[You’re the disgusting one.]

[Whatever, just toss me the bottle. I’m getting desperate!]

[You’d miss, and pee all over my loveseat.]

[WHAT did you do to this seat!?]

Suddenly, my theme started playing from the Battle Tower. I grinned, shifting around, and fetched my phone from my back pocket. It was Josh.

“What’s UPPPP, my vanilla lover?” I shouted into the receiver.

“Wow. I cannot believe I have reception here.” Josh chuckled on the other end, his voice fading somewhat, but still audible. “I, um, we need some help. We’re kinda stuck.”

“Aren’t we all.” I nodded, sipping some backwash from the two liter bottle.

“No, seriously-”

“Alright, I’ll help, but capturing Pokemon isn’t my forte, let alone Ancients. My advice would be to find something that knows Mean Look-”

“That’s not what I meant-”

“Well, it’ll help! Don’t want that Latios slipping out of your hands for the third time.”

“It…did, but that’s not important! We’re stuck in a cave!”

I scrapped some chip dust off my top, and licked it off my fingers. “What kind of cave?”

“Um, something Ancient-y and filled with Unknown. Mew said it was ‘The Resting Place of Gods and Fools’, if that means anything to you.”

“How are you trapped?”

“One way door.”

I stretched, inadvertently kicking a pillow off my sofa. “Yup. That’ll get ya.”

I’m near route 228; there’s an alcove to the south, near the river-”

“Put Mew on.”

“What?”

“Put Mew on – I need someone creepy-smart.”

“Um. Okay.” I heard the phone shuffle, and Mew answered. [Hello?]

“Awesome; I was worried pokespeak wouldn’t work through the phone.”

[it doesn’t; I’m communicating telepathically, across a distance of two hundred and forty-seven point six miles. Make your point quickly; this is quite draining.]

“Two hundred and forty-seven point six miles, you said?”

“Don’t round. How far away are you?”

[Two hundred and forty-seven miles and three thousand, one hundred, and twenty feet. And three inches.]

“Cool.” I smeared the number on my arm with cheese dust. “From me to you, what’s the angle, in respect to the north pole?”

[You mean the magnetic north pole?] Mew scoffed. I rolled my eyes. [it’s forty-six point three degrees, exactly.]

“Boom. Tell Josh I’ll be there in two.”

[Two days?]

“Minutes.” I grinned, hanging up the phone. [Hey, wiggly, you up for some spelunking?]

[Not particularly.]

[You’ll get to see Staaaatic!]

Wigglytuff groaned. [i’m not really feeling that sexy at the moment.]

[Too baaad!] I reached my Pokemon boxes through my phone, and brought out an Alakazam.

[Where to, my lady?]

[Teleport us to these coordinates, please!]

Wigglytuff’s eyes grew. [Wait! I still need to p-]

And everything disappeared.

*018*2016-02-07 18:02

And they're happy to be back ^_^! Expect updates every Saturday, and have a quick volt sketch while you wait :3.

*022*2016-02-08 13:37

{{: 

Yay! You're back! Your writing is getting even better, it seems!

On the other hand, my inner nerd noticed this: From the second part, Abbey said: "I felt like that with my Absol, too. I barely remember the day I captured him; it just felt like we already knew each other, from the start. Some of the best days are when my boss gets pissed at me for no reason, and HE'S ALWAYS THERE, WAITING ( at the door) FOR ME. It’s…sacred, in a way, you know?”

Absol pokédex entry ( alpha sapphire):"Every time Absol appears before people, it is followed by a disaster..."

Something terrible is going to happen to Chase's sister, right? Or is that just me being stupid?

}}

:3 ding ding~

It's slightly hinted that the disaster has already occurred, in the "disasters" of her life the year prior:

{{: 

“A lot of stuff has happened to her, recently. Our parents divorced, her big brother moved out, and she’s not doing the best at work.”

}}

But it could also be a hint at what's to come...~

