Strangers On A Train

Author: Barry

*000*2020-02-26 12:53

Strangers On A Train

The man sat at his opulent desk, probably the only person left in the penthouse office suite that occupied the entire top floor of the modern day glass and steel behemoth that towered over the downtown financial district. The view from his CEO’s corner office windows was expansive and distracting, showcasing the multitude of lights spread out in a panoramic vista below. Even at this late hour on a Thursday night, this part of the city was still vibrantly alive and busting below.

He forced his attention back to the monitor in front of him, trying to stay focused on the large scale video conference that he was in charge of. A multitude of faces were shown in their own private little boxes on his screen, mostly men, but more than a few women, and nearly all of them older than he was. The majority of them were still dressed in corporate attire, expensive suits or dresses, as most of the participants were in other parts of the country or world, each with its own time line.

As the founder and CEO of Global Data And Logistics, it was somewhat ironic that he was staying later into the night than most for this weekly management hook-up, but the head office he was in had the most awkward timeframe of nearly all the worldwide branch offices. He took a sip from the large bone china mug on his desk, and suppressed a smile as the warm glow from the expensive cognac slid down his throat. Most attendees at this virtual meeting were nursing mugs of some sort, but he would’ve been extremely surprised to find that anyone else would be drinking alcohol. It was important things that they were discussing. But, for him, it was late, and he WAS the Boss after all, and as long as nobody saw him top up his mug from the bottle in the bottom draw of his desk, then it didn’t matter.

After all, he would need a touch of liquid courage for what would happen in the near future. Just thinking about it was enough to make his heart beat faster, and he took another sip, forcing himself to pay attention to the last few minutes of the meeting. It wasn’t long, and he was able to wrap things up, and thank the leaders of his little global empire for their time and good work. Despite a worldwide downturn, his business was good.

With the monitor safely switched off, he rose from his desk, and walked to the small sink in the corner, where he rinsed his now empty cup, and took a beer from the small fridge underneath. Drinking deeply, he gave a sigh of satisfaction as the icy cold beverage washed away the strong aftertaste of the cognac. The strong liquor had been to calm his nerves, but the beer was to serve another purpose.

He removed his expensive tailored suit jacket and slacks, and hung them in a wardrobe, from where he retrieved a plain but pricey pair of blue jeans, and a long overcoat, that finished well below his knees. Looking at his reflection in the mirror on the back of the door, he was pleased to see that his dress shirt and shoes complemented the jeans and overcoat quite well. It was early spring, and the nights were still chilly, so the coat would serve its purpose, but he didn’t know what he’d do in a month or so, when it would be too warm to justify wearing it. It was something that he’d have to think about a bit more in the future.

Next, he donned an old fashioned peak billed cap, pulling it down over his eyes, and a pair of glasses with plain, non-prescription lenses in them. That was all it took to make him look almost unrecognisable from the well dressed businessman that he was known as. The gentleman wasn’t famous as such, but it’s virtually impossible to be a rich CEO of a global company at such a young age, and not be at least well known in public circles. This little “disguise” meant that he could blend in with the crowd around him, which wouldn’t be huge at this time of night anyway.

Switching off the office lights, he made his way to the elevator, getting out on the ground floor, and not the underground car park like he normally would. Every other day of the week, he drove himself to the office, in either his Mercedes, Range Rover, or Tesla, as he usually had appointments or meetings with clients or suppliers, but not on Thursdays. On Thursdays, he caught the train in, a habit he’d had for years. Any appointments would be held in his office, and he could have a couple of drinks during the late night teleconference and get home without falling foul of the law.

Over the past two months, Thursdays had held a new attraction for him, the result of a chance encounter with a random stranger on the train. Since then, he had met this stranger every Thursday night on the way home, regardless of what train he managed to catch. It seemed almost too coincidental, but that’s all it could be. After all, he had no idea himself as to what time he’d be leaving the office. It could be anytime between 9:30pm to midnight, but every Thursday, she was there, and they ended up on the same train together.

Occasionally, she wouldn’t be on the platform, but he would find her in whatever carriage he happened to get in to. Other times, she would magically appear at a later stop, but she always ended up in his carriage, sitting directly opposite him. He’d stopped trying to make sense of it, preferring to think about it as karma. It certainly couldn’t be anything planned on her behalf, like blackmail or anything, as she’d never even spoken a word to him.

But oh, that smile.....

The cold air bit into the man as he exited the building, tipping a nod to the night watchman who buzzed him out, and he buttoned his coat against the chill, and his bladder gave a slight twinge, reminding him that he hadn’t used his private bathroom before he left, as if he needed reminding. The beer was already filtering through him, just as he had planned for it to do.

The walk to the Central Train Station was only 3 blocks, but he was starting to feel a certain heaviness in his bladder by the time he got there, and the mere sight of the public toilets that he walked past was enough to accelerate his desperation even more.

He glanced nervously around the platform. She wasn’t there. This of course wasn’t unusual, but it always made him start to second guess himself, wondering if perhaps he should skip this train, and catch the next one 15 minutes later, and give her a chance to arrive.

No. That was just stupid. She would be here. Either on this platform, the next one, or maybe even be on the train already, and she would find him. She always did.

So he would get on the next train as soon as it arrived, as usual. Besides, his need to urinate was swiftly becoming uncomfortable, and he had a real need to just sit down, as his legs were starting to jiggle noticeably, and he was subconsciously shifting his weight from one leather clad foot to the other.

A rumble could be heard in the distance, and a light appeared in the tunnel, and seconds later, the passenger train was pulling up, pushing a gust of wind in front of it. He looked around before boarding, and grinned when he saw a familiar figure emerging from the shadows behind a pillar, and the beautiful Stranger approached, stepping into the almost deserted carriage after him. She was here, just as he had known she would be.

The gentleman stepped to one side, letting her squeeze past, catching a brief whiff of musk, the perfume she always wore. She made eye contact only briefly, and to anyone else watching, they wouldn’t have noticed. As always, he was intrigued as to what she would be wearing, and his heart skipped a beat as his eyes took in the light beige pantsuit she was wearing underneath her open, knee length black coat. The coat was a staple. She always wore it, and for good reason, the same reason that he himself was wearing one, but the pantsuit was something new. Every week, it was something new.

He had seen her in mini skirts with thick leggings, in maxi dresses and stockings. Jeans, slacks, and one memorable night, in tight grey yoga pants. The light coloured pantsuit held just as much promise as what the yoga pants had, the knee high black leather boots adding a kinky touch to her outfit. The man felt himself stirring inside his jeans, no doubt helped along by his own bursting bladder. As was the routine, he waited for her to take a seat first, and as usual she chose an almost empty bench seat, one that ran lengthways down the train, and faced into the middle. Once she was seated, he took up a position on the opposite side, facing her. They didn’t even look at each other, just removed their phones, and busied themselves on their screens.

Most of the people had disembarked at the city, and the train was now headed towards the suburbs, the rich suburbs, which didn’t lend itself towards picking up a lot of passengers. After all, most people in these areas wouldn’t catch public transport unless their lives depended on it. Those passengers that did get on, were for the most part students, or people like the Gentleman who had enjoyed a drink and didn’t want to drive. He himself was travelling to nearly the end of the line, and she always got off a few stations before then, but not always at the same one, just as she didn’t always board at the same one every time. He had no idea who she was, nor where she worked or lived, but as their relationship was so far non verbal, he couldn’t really ask.

After a few stops had passed, he found himself crossing his legs. He really did need to pee quite badly now, and was hoping that the train would soon begin to empty, and it did. Soon, they were the only two people left on the long seats, and the handful of other passengers sat towards the front, in forward facing seats, where they would be much less likely to encounter a random stranger needing to sit beside them.

The beautiful Stranger put her phone away, looked up at the man, and smiled.

Not for the first time, he drank in her looks. She definitely had a Mediterranean background of some sort. Olive skin. Raven black shoulder length hair. Honey brown eyes deep enough to drown a giraffe in. Oh, and her figure! Large but still pert breasts. Hips that were in perfect formation to them. Legs that seemed extraordinarily long. He felt himself becoming slightly breathless, both with desire, and the knowledge of what would soon happen.

At the next stop, the last of the rear seated stragglers got off, leaving just them at the back, and a small handful of people at the front, who could have been on Venus as far as the Gentleman was concerned. For now, it was just him, and the beautiful Stranger, locked together inside their own little universe. The departure of the last rear seated passenger had provided her with the signal that she needed, and in one quick motion, the lady half stood up, and pulled her coat out from underneath her gorgeous bottom, which soon sat itself back onto the seat. The Gentleman followed suit, as had been his habit of late, mimicking her gesture by removing his own coat from beneath him.

Now, they made full eye contact for the first time. Her, mischievous and playful, him, nervous and excited. Not for the first time did the nagging thought cross the back of his mind: Does she know me? Is she filming me?

After all, she had seen him without his disguise on more that a few occasions at first, before he had decided to join her in The Game that she played, and the possibility that he might be filmed or recorded was ever present. That would be a very bad thing indeed. But, somehow, he knew that wasn’t the case. He trusted this lady that he’d never spoken too. He didn’t understand The Game, but knew that he enjoyed it just as much as what she did. After all, it would be impossible to fake the pleasure that she derived from Playing.

The train pulled away from the next station, and she fixed him in a firm gaze, as she spread her legs. The Gentleman looked on in fascination, as a small dark patch appeared on the Strangers beige pants, directly in the middle of her crotch. She squinted, and suddenly the dark spot grew rapidly, and he could see a firm trickle of liquid forcing its way through her pants, as the dark patch rapidly spread, encompassing her entire crotch, and running over the seat, where it eventually formed a mini waterfall, spilling over the seat, and falling onto the carriage floor, making a a soft splattering sound, as a puddle grew between her boots, and a small lake formed between her thighs, pooling on the seat, not being absorbed immediately into the brightly coloured fabric of the seat. Her eyes closed in a private ecstasy, and she shuddered, as the wet spot spread rapidly down the inside of her thighs, and no doubt across the taut beige fabric that covered her backside.

The sight was too much for the Gentlemen’s tortured bladder, and he trembled as it let go. He felt the spreading warmth between his legs, and the relief was instantaneous, as his blue jeans darkened against his bulging crotch, and he created his own stream, that soon cascaded over the edge of his own seat, forming its own lake between his leather shoes.

Now he’d started, he couldn’t stop, and his bladder completely let go, and he sighed with a mixture of relief and excitement, as his bottom grew hot and wet, while he watched his beautiful partner in crime fully soak her own pants. They locked eyes again, smiling at each other as their pent up urine dwindled to a trickling halt at last, their twin puddles moving towards each other with the motion of the train, eventually forming a large lake that encompassed the entire area between their seats.

As the train started to slow on its approach to the next station, the Lady stood up, letting her coat fall, and cover her shame. She stood up, and smiled at him. For the first time ever, she spoke to him.

“Same time next week, Simon?”

His name wasn’t Simon, and he didn’t understand whether or not it was supposed to be a reference that he recognised or not. It meant nothing to him.

“Sure Amy,” he said, plucking a random name out of thin air.

“See you,” she said with a smile, apparently liking the choice of name, before buttoning her coat, and disembarking from the carriage.

The Gentleman stood up, and buttoned his own coat with shaking hands, the feeling of warm, cloying wetness paramount across his bottom, his crotch, and between his legs. His cock was stiff inside the wet fabric, and it felt glorious.

He moved away from the puddle on the floor, taking a more forward seat near the doors. Even if the train cameras had caught the illicit act, he was sure that his disguise would be enough to protect his identity.

The next station was his, and he got up, and left the train, ready for the short walk back to his apartment building, already planning what he would wear next Thursday, when he was determined to finally initiate a conversation with The Beautiful Stranger.

*002*2020-02-26 23:15

{{6 hours ago, mikey mike said:

That was great Barry and a really enjoyable read. Is this a stand alone story or are you going to add more chapters to it?

}}

Thanks mate. Glad you liked it.

It’s just a short, one hit story and that’s the end. I got the idea after seeing the same people on my morning commute, and putting an omo twist on it.

