Idea for a series of stories

Author: peterhiss

*000*2013-07-18 17:15

I've had, for a very long time now, an idea for a series of stories around the same person/persons.

In short, the story begins following a persona of myself. He has the same desires I do, and thus, wants to get into politics!

The story begins with a filibuster, with our hero, age 18, his idiot friend, and a group of girls all in the youth wing of a nameless political party, and the hero decides to hold a filibuster to win a vote on the idea that if anyone leaves the room, the hero wins! Of course all the girls need to go...

The story ends after our hero, age 33 has been elected as Premier of his namelss Canadian province! Sadly, he's caught in a corruption scandal involving abuse of his power - see he used his powers to try to make girls pee their pants - so he ends up in court with his deputy premier and chief adversary - one of the girls from the first story - on the stand... The problem is that she needs a piss and the judge won't let her, and, well, let's just say this ends poorly for everyone involved :P

Anyway, I'd like some tips/ideas on development of the series. I already have a few ideas of what can happen in the interim, in the 15 years or so the story covers, and humorous ways what our hero's little obsession ends up helping or hurting him in life.

A few of the ideas include:

A relationship with a journalist who agrees to play out the hero's fantasy's turns into a boon when he runs for a seat in parliament. (age 20)

A major debate where the leader of the party leading the polls has to pee and our hero takes advantage of the situation to win the election. (age 28)

A chance meeting where our hero blackmails the same leader to 'performing' for him (age 30)

But I need more. Ideally a story every year or two of his life. Each story should do one of two things. Either somehow advance his career, or, hinder it.

His career in politics is the setting not the topic. No policy discussion should take place whatsoever, and to what party he belongs to should remain vague; though I may pick a real Canadian province to have all of this happen in. The years/dates should also be vague.

The things that happen should be based around a few ideas.

1 - Things that might happen in a political setting, like a filibuster, a debate, etc

2 - Things that somebody in a political position might be able to do, like exchange "favours"

3 - Things not involving politics, but that could destroy a career if anybody found out about it.

Any ideas are welcome! In turn I will share the entire epic saga here on these forums.

*002*2013-07-20 16:34

{{:

Maybe at age 27, he drags out discussion for an expansion to his office building, as his office is directly next to the only bathroom, so numerous desperate women run past and/or wet themselves (this part consider yourself free to play around with)

The discussion wants the addition for convenience, they're not aware the set up was intentional.

}}

Excellent idea! The wheels are turning in my head already!!

Feel free to send me a physical and personality description of a girl you'd like to see in this story.

