Never a Bathroom in RPGs (Konosuba)

Author: Captain L

*000*2016-03-05 03:19

Author's Note: Don't worry, I'm not so cruel as to not write about Megumin. That'll just take time.

###

RPGs are famous for being time-wasters, the world Kazuma had been reincarnated into was no different. He and his party were sitting lakeside, waiting for the goddess Aqua to do something productive for once and purify the water. If someone of her title and power could accomplish this task as she boasted she could, there'd be a quest completion reward. Until then, the rest of the party was waiting a safe distance away for her to finish.

Also, Aqua was in a cage, to protect her from the alligator creatures that had taken residence in the corrupted water, the reason the quest was active in the first place. The monsters weren't around right now, so Aqua was just sitting in the water. She didn't enjoy being in the cage so she was probably doing something to get the quest done faster, but it didn't look like anything was happening.

“You doing alright in there, Aqua,” Kazuma called out. “Do you need to use the bathroom or anything?” They had been out there for 2 hours already with little in the way of progress, there wouldn't be any harm in taking a break.

“I'm okay,” Aqua responded. “And arch priests don't use the bathroom.” Arch priest was the job class that Aqua had been assigned, a healer with high strength stats. As purely a job, one that could be changed after leveling up, Kazuma didn't believe her at all. If she had claimed it was due to her goddess status, she might have had something to stand on.

Actually, Kazuma just realized, he had never seen Aqua use the bathroom. The two of them had been together for a while now, ever since Kazuma died on Earth and reincarnated in this realm, taking the goddess with him to ensure he would have her full support to defeat the Devil King and return to his normal reality. True, Aqua was a goddess of water, but he didn't know whether that made it more or less understandable she had never expressed a need to relieve herself, especially when she had been drunk many times.

Not that it'd matter if he really wanted to see it, because he had two other girls in his party. The first, standing to his right, was the young arch demon, Megumin, biggest fangirl of explosions to be found, and self-proclaimed crimson demon. Kazuma really had a problem with his teammates claiming to be competent. She wore a short red dress with black cape, a classic mage's hat, and was tightly gripping her new magic rod, which increased her magic attack so she'd rather die than give it up. “Arch demons don't use the bathroom, either.”

“C-Crusaders don't need it, either.” That was Darkness, the blond armored knight with high HP and defense but the lowest accuracy stat ever assigned. Her purpose was mostly a shield, but she liked taking the blows so might as well let her, even if Kazuma wanted someone else that would do something useful more than once in a while.

More relevant to the current discussion, Darkness was obviously lying. Both her hands were balled into fists and pressing against the front of her dress, her eyes closed and head facing downwards. Even if Kazuma found Darkness physically attractive, he found nothing interesting in her struggle despite his general perversions. “You don't need to deny it, Darkness.” He knew why they all denied it, girls unable to admit they do something like that, but was it worth hiding it when they were supposed to be a team, one that would need to leave the town with full restrooms for extended periods of time if they wanted good loot. “I guess we'll find out when we go on a quest that takes longer than a day.”

Suddenly, Megumin looked panicked. “Y-you don't need to do that.” She lost eye contact with Kazuma, indicating the conversation was over. Kazuma let it happen and went back to watching Aqua. Darkness would have to deal with her problem on her own whenever she felt the need to, it was her responsibility and it was up to her what she did.

Probably not even half an hour had passed, but Darkness was at her limit already. She was about to relieve herself before they left, but then Kazuma came to her with the request to force Aqua into a cage without any explanation, and Darkness obediently complied. The crusader had expected to have another bathroom chance before they left, but the party instead departed immediately, leaving Darkness still wanting, though not that incredibly much. Now they were taking so long, and Darkness was feeling the buildup.

Not to say she didn't enjoy it, as anyone who knew her would have guessed. She was a sucker for punishment, she actively sought it out and got turned on by it, so the pain of needing to pee burstingly bad wasn't an entirely miserable place to find herself. However, she was really on the verge on wetting herself now, so even if there was a chance she'd be berated for having an accident like a little girl, she'd then have to sit in soaked armor for however long it took for Aqua to do her job. Not that she'd entirely object to the discomfort, but it would be very hard to clean once they got back to town. Depending on how long it had to be exposed to the water, it might not even be fully repairable by the end of it, and she couldn't risk that.

But how would she excuse herself? She already lied about her personal needs, could she lie again to rectify that mistake? Would Kazuma berate her for lying? Maybe it was worth admitting it, then. “Uh, Kazuma...I actually lied earlier. I do need to use the bathroom, right now. You can punish me for lying, but please wait until after I'm done.” She wanted him to be forceful and yell at her now, but she didn't want to sound desperate.

“Then go ahead and go behind the tree or something.” He didn't even look at her, he cared so little.

“Y-you don't care that I lied? You're not going to tell me off for lying to you?” Her tone gave away her disappointment along with the blush of her naughty thoughts, mixed with the pain of her bladder as she bounced on her heels.

“It was a matter of time before you cracked. I never believed it, so just go take care of business and forget it ever happened.” Kazuma still didn't look at Darkness, just shook his hand in the air to wave her away.

Darkness was going to argue some more, but a wave from her bladder hit her, and really hard, forcing her to bend over at almost a right angle, her thighs pressing together as she fought to not wet herself right there. If she wanted her new armor to remain clean in its striking white, she couldn't waste any more time.

Now, where was she going to go? They had parked in an open field, nothing but flat grassland in any direction, not counting the lake in front of them or the tree they were sitting at. If she was just going to be ignored, she'd rather not let anyone see her peeing, but there was no spot nearby that offered suitable privacy. She'd take what she could get now, but she didn't have to be satisfied with it, and since she'd still be seen in the lake, behind the tree it was. “I'm going behind the tree, neither of you look,” she shouted to her teammates, tossing her sword at their feet so she couldn't have to deal with it, thankfully missing cutting their toes off.

Once again, Kazuma waved her away, not needing to hear every bit of her desperation. She slowly walked behind the tree trunk, looking at the dirt below her feet as she stayed hunched, at best shuffling her way forward. Megumin leaned in to Kazuma and whispered, into his chest because of height differences even after he bent down a little to accommodate, “Arch demons still don't have to use the bathroom.” Kazuma rolled his eyes and went back to watching Aqua.

Darkness waddled behind the tree, the exact opposite side from Kazuma and Megumin, the trunk thankfully having enough girth to hide her full body, so now it was time to strip off her armor. This was the difficult part, armor was made of many individual pieces, so removing it was a time-consuming affair, and only having to worry about below the waist wouldn't make it easier. First, she reached behind her back and unclipped her breastplate, trying her hardest to do it with one hand so she could keep the other on her crotch. The breastplate needed to come off, though it only covered her upper torso, it was the top layer so removing everything beneath required its absence.

At least underneath that bit of armor was mostly cloth, so undressing that would be much easier. Tossing her breastplate to the side, she then put her free right hand on her stomach to undo the straps holding her coat up, a dress that extended up to just below her breasts. She had to be careful about where she touched, if she accidentally pressed on her bladder, it would be all over. The straps came out from their clasps and it opened, though it stayed in place as her hand was still gripping between her legs. Very hesitantly, she removed that hand so gravity would take over, catching its side with her left hand so she could throw it away without having to use her feet.

All that was left now was the real piece of armor, the top being a tight-fitting short-sleeved shirt and the bottom a dress, all one piece of attire hiding chainmail. Luckily, it was mostly dress, so all she had to do was lift it, which she did with her left hand while putting her right hand back to its crotch resting place, both for comfort and to perform the final act of undressing, getting her panties down. Gripping the front band, she pulled down on the orange underwear, softly to avoid pulling the front down too far ahead of the back and causing a tear, until they were at her knees, as far down as they needed to be.

Peeking her head out to the side to ensure she still had privacy, she spread her thighs as wide as she could manage with panties at her knees being stretched out, but now she was exposed and ready. She didn't need to remove her gloves or shoes for this, so she could finally pee. Still holding the armor dress up with her left hand really high to accommodate the length, she took the index and middle fingers to spread her lips and clear her pee hole, pulling upwards to guarantee distance. Of course Darkness was skilled in answering nature's call in its domain, that was basically a prerequisite for being an adventurer. She could even do a pretty amazing standing pee, one that could pass for a man.

Her bladder wasn't waiting any longer, not after holding for so long, and the flow of urine started flying heavily. A nice yellow color, it splashed onto the tree's surface just a few centimeters down from its starting point, making a splatter as it hit the wood. Darkness let out a soft exhale at the relief, it felt really good to go as the pressure on her bladder decreased. The trunk was covered in a shine as it got more and more wet, the majority streaming down the uneven bark, puddling at the roots. She wasn't worried about any of it getting on her shoes, they were made for combat and could withstand a little water.

Somewhat over a minute after it started, the force died down pretty abruptly to the point it no longer had forward momentum. Darkness let her right hand go to allow whatever remaining volume her bladder had to drop directly below and between her legs, dripping into and getting absorbed by her panties. Since she was basically wetting herself already, she used her now-free hand to pull her panties back up slowly, her pee ending just about when they were back in place. Finally, she could let her heavy dress fall back into place, and as she rubbed her tired left arm, she said under her breath, “ah, much better”. And she still had to sit in pretty wet panties, so her need for punishment was also satisfied.

Just as she looked up, a quick flash of brown disappeared from her sight, behind the opposite side of the tree. It was a color she recognized, and once she recognized it, a vibrant blush hit her face as a large smile broke out. Ignoring all her other clothing sitting on the ground, she bolted back to the side of the tree her friends were on, and closest to her was Kazuma staring off in the distance, a blush as bad as hers on his face. “You watched me, Kazuma?”

“N-no way! I was...just checking to make sure you were okay. You were back there for a long time.” He was avoiding eye contact like it'd kill him, giving away his lack of integrity, not that it was a surprise considering his previous perverted tendencies. Megumin also seemed to be looking away like she was deliberately ignoring everything happening.

Darkness wasn't taking it so badly, at least. She fell to her knees in front of him, clasping her hands together to beg. “No, please! Tell me off for exposing myself so indecently, for peeing while standing! Call me disgusting, acting like a man, that I should have held it no matter what!” Her pupils shrunk as she continued to plead, shaking his leg and going completely crazy. Kazuma shouted as she assaulted him with demands, and he realized that, either in the previous few minutes or throughout his entire life, terrible mistakes were made.

*003*2016-03-23 03:20

Another 4 hours went by after Darkness did her business, she had since calmed down and was once again quietly watching Aqua in her cage, who had made no visible progress in purifying the lake and had made no more sounds. The party had the time to waste, they'd stay until that water was clear and blue.

Megumin didn't have the same patience, however. She had done well waiting this long, but after 6 hours with regular hydration courtesy of Kazuma's Create Water spell, it was only natural that her bladder had been slowly filling. Now, the little crimson demon needed to pee quite badly and she'd need to keep waiting. It's not like she would admit it, she was very adamant about keeping her bathroom needs private, a reasonable embarrassment in any other situation. But now, in a location and circumstance with no means of escape, it just meant she was forced to hold it.

And she really had to hold it, too. Megumin was smaller in body size than her comrades, so her bladder capacity was lesser, small enough that there was no way she could make it through this whole quest without hitting its limit. It was an entirely acceptable time, 6 hours, but now she'd need to relieve herself. Not that she'd ever admit it, she had already claimed she didn't use the bathroom and she was sticking to that.

She'd need to do something, though. Holding it until they got back to town was out of the question, she was so close to bursting now. She wasn't grabbing herself or anything, instead making do with her legs close together to keep the pressure at bay. It worked for the time being, but she wouldn't be able to contain it forever.

Things would be so much easier if she could just admit she needed to pee, but she couldn't bring herself to make it known. It wasn't just general shame and disgust of a bodily function, she did not want Kazuma involved in this. Not just from the way he peeped on Darkness a mere few hours earlier, but his previous actions that outed him as a degenerate. His first act upon learning Steal was to loot the panties of the girl who taught him the skill straight from her body, and he was ecstatic about it. It didn't end there, either, because he demonstrated his new skill later by plundering Megumin's panties. True, he didn't celebrate about that one and gave them back without argument, but he had already proven himself perverted, so Megumin wasn't able to undress near him. It wasn't creepy enough to get her to leave the only party that let her be a member, but it was enough to make her wary.

She started dancing a little in place to help with the holding, but she wanted to ignore the pain. Dwelling on it wouldn't do anything but make her need worse, but it's not like she could just neglect it either, not with the pressure it was giving off. She needed a distraction, and hey, there were two friends right there. “Do you think Aqua's doing all right in there? It's been a really long time.”

“She's being quiet, that's for sure,” Kazuma replied. “How are you holding up, Megumin? You're bouncing.”

Megumin really didn't notice, but she looked down to confirm, and she was certainly dancing. Her legs were really moving, with speed like she was jogging. Letting out a whine like a cat getting its tail stepped on, every muscle in her body tensed and she stood as straight as she could...for a few seconds, after which her right leg started twitching so fast it was almost a blur. “I'm fine,” she stammered loudly. “I already told you, crimson demons don't use the bathroom!”

“I didn't say anything about a bathroom. And you said it was arch demons who didn't use the bathroom last time.”

Megumin's face turned a brighter red than her clothes. “T-then I doubly don't need to go!” Her outburst earned the stares of both Kazuma and Darkness, forcing her tone to change as she looked down sheepishly. “Please don't look,” she whimpered as she pulled the front of her dress downward, the force in her bladder increasing, further pressuring her to let go. Now it was a tempting proposition, but she just couldn't take it with others watching.

The mage was struggling pretty visibly, even if she wouldn't admit anything was wrong. She wouldn't dare grab her crotch, but she was still tugging her dress to cope with the pain. Her ankles were also stuck together like they were glued, her knees swinging side to side like a pair of hands clapping. It was wholly obvious just how bad she needed to pee, but she was determined to not make a sound. She was failing, yes, with all the little squeaks and grunts emanating from her, but she was trying.

However, her dances were becoming distracting to the team, Kazuma in particular was tired of seeing her in pain. “Seriously Megumin, if you need to use the bathroom, just do it. We really don't mind.” Darkness nodded to say she agreed.

Megumin didn't agree. “I don't need to pee! Please stop reminding me.” They seemed to be contradicting statements, that's the kind of thing that happens when intense desperation is in effect.

Kazuma looked at Darkness, who shrugged at their companion's stubbornness. “What are we going to do about Megumin,” he whispered to the crusader.

Darkness shook her head, not sure how to respond, before a sudden idea hit her. “Megumin, I think I see something rustling over there.” She pointed to a patch of tall grass off in the distance, far enough away that a person standing in it would be indefinable. “Would you mind investigating?”

Women have a sort of connection between each other, that way they catch onto insinuations made by another as kindred spirits do. As such, Megumin understood what Darkness was getting at. A short girl such as herself squatting in that grass would be entirely invisible. Smiling, she took one of her hands off her dress and put its index finger on the brim of her hat, a difficult task when she just wanted to keep holding. “Very well, I shall investigate. You two wait here until I return.” She walked off with that sense of confidence, but only for a couple steps before stiffness from desire to keep her body steady set in.

Kazuma flashed Darkness a thumbs up. “Nicely done, Darkness. That was starting to get pitiful.”

A comfortable distance away, Megumin entered the tall grass, scratching her body with their rigor. At least they reached high, almost up to her neck, even her hat would be concealed with her in a lower position. Assuming she could even wait until she got into a squat, her bladder was currently bursting and aching to empty as soon as it could, it wanted to make her pee her panties now. At least she was entirely invisible now, so she could give into her body's desire to really hold herself. She bent over to almost a right angle with both hands buried deep up her dress, clutching her panties as her fingers twitched in the grasp.

The mage couldn't wait any longer, her hands were already on her underwear, it was the smart idea to take advantage of that placement. Already bent over, she stuffed one of her hands inside her black panties so the other could pull them down, approximately down to where the thigh-high black sock on her left leg ended. That was all that was needed to ensure no wetness with what would follow. Actually, it was pretty impressive she had remained dry this whole time, considering how badly she had been holding for a while now, even if it wouldn't show on the dark fabric.

Ever so thankfully for her, she wore much less than her crusader companion, undressing enough to satisfy her restroom needs would be much easier. With her panties already down, she merely needed to lift her dress a very short length, push her cape far behind, and squat until her rear was almost on the dirt, shaking all the way down.

She got down just in time, because Megumin started peeing involuntarily right as she stopped moving. And it was a big pee, a very audible flowing noise emanating as a puddle formed, slowly soaking into the dirt, splashing more and more as the soil couldn't absorb fast enough. At least there happened to be a downhill slant to spread the puddle away from her feet, not that she had considered that before she let her body go.

Megumin let out a breathy moan of ecstasy as her bladder drained. While she had spent a long time as a solo adventurer and therefore had privacy any time she wanted, she had also been a part of teams in the past and thus had experience keeping her needs secret and holding it past her comfort zone, this was probably the closest she had come to a legitimate accident in a very long time, perhaps ever. She had been so close to absolutely bursting mere seconds before, and now she couldn't picture anything more than the all-encompassing pleasure she was currently feeling.

There were multiple things Megumin didn't think about before dropping her panties, but the most pressing would be her choice of location. Of course, she had realized it would be excellent to hide her shame, but it didn't occur to her what exactly could go wrong with this specific terrain. At least, not until the grass began rustling in front of her when she was still in the middle of peeing. Her heart almost stopped when her stream wouldn't, but things were quiet after that. For a few seconds at least, when the rustling resumed, followed by a foot-tall frog leaping into view. Megumin should have realized, she was in tall grass, there would be random encounters.

Already traumatized by frogs from a previous quest, even if this one was much smaller, the little crimson demon screamed, guaranteeing her team would be checking on her soon. The shock of fear made her fall back, her bare butt landing on her cape with her legs straightening in front of her, splayed out in the puddle, soaking her sock, the purely cosmetic bandage on her right thigh, and the rear of her panties. The continuing leakage only served to get her ass and legs wet, with some getting absorbed by the back of her dress and a lot in her cape.

The frog wasn't moving forward to attack her, but Megumin was frozen in terror, even her breathing was so shallow it was unnoticeable. Her only motion was the urine still flowing out and making her all wet. The pee was not slowing down, so the frog made the first move with a leap straight for her head. She couldn't even scream again, she just watched in horror at the attempted assault. Suddenly, a dagger came flying in from out of her sight, stabbing the frog mid-jump, sending it into the traditional death of turning translucent red before fading away. Megumin couldn't believe what had happened.

Following immediately was the sound of running, accompanied by Kazuma yelling. “Megumin, are you alright?” He arrived next to her quickly, Darkness right behind. The sight both of them were greeted with was certainly an image to behold. The chuuni arch demon on the ground, panties down with a giant puddle beneath her. She hadn't even turned to look at them yet.

Kazuma didn't need to be a woman to find the implied tension here, so he tried to talk about something else. “I really hit something with that dagger? Lucky throw.” It wasn't enough to get anyone else speaking, so he stayed quiet too, waiting for Megumin to move. She did a minute later, shaking enough that it looked like she might be suffering from hypothermia, but she did pull her panties back up while standing, drops falling from her clothes in response to gravity, her head hung low, though another of her bright blushes was still visible.

Kazuma and Darkness looked at each other with a shared sense of sympathy, but they stayed hushed as Megumin walked ahead back to their tree. Darkness went with her while Kazuma hung back a little, lost in thoughts. “It's not fair that she has to be so humiliated,” he whispered to himself. Suddenly, an idea hit him. “Create water!”

The two girls turned back at his casting, just in time to see a powerful spray of water fly from Kazuma's hand, crashing into Megumin below the neck. She shook it off, a fire present in her eyes once again. “What's that about?! I'm not wet enough?!”

Kazuma shook off the shouting with a horizontal wave of his magic-casting hand. “Turn around.” Angry and not entirely rational, Megumin complied, where she was unsurprisingly met with another hose spray. “You fell in the water when we found you,” Kazuma explained. “Your clothes will dry off fine.” Megumin looked at him in stunned silence, prompting him to elaborate further. “That's the only thing that could have happened, right? After all, arch demons don't need to go to the bathroom.”

Now it was Darkness' turn to give Kazuma a thumb up, and the two began the walk back to the tree, Megumin immobile once again from shock, but the good kind this time. All she could say was, “it will dry out, won't it?”

*006*2016-03-23 16:55

{{: 

Will we get to see a scene with Aqua?

}}

Can't rightly stop 2/3 through the girls, have to complete the set. Ain't no getting off of this train until the end of the line.

*009*2016-05-19 16:54

One more hour had gone by, Megumin's clothes were drying off, the total was now 7 hours that Aqua had been locked in a cage. The goddess had long since accepted her constrained fate, she was just being quiet and sitting still in the water, with her knees up to her face and her heels almost touching her butt. Her mere presence in the lake was enough to begin the purification, it was just a large body of water that was also deep, it was taking time. A lot of time. Still, it was working from the bottom up, even if it wasn't visible from the surface.

Of course, as Darkness and Megumin could attest to, woman could not make it this long in this wilderness without a terrible need for a toilet taking hold. That was the point Aqua had finally reached, a captive deity needing to pee. She had done well for herself, 7 hours was actually somewhat impressive, all things considered, she was actually the last one holding by virtue of being the only nonhuman (no matter what Megumin claimed). But that no longer mattered, the current moment was that she needed to pee, and she was trapped.

The easy solution was how she was already wet, she was sitting in dirty water. A little bit of urine couldn't possibly hurt, it'd just blend with the filth and get purified with the rest. She could probably be undetected too, her butt was right in the water, it'd just flow out with no problem. Even clothes weren't an obstacle, Aqua's dress was insanely short and she was above the human concept of panties, so her godly ass was always visible (though anything more naughty than that somehow stayed out of view), she had nothing to wet or pull aside.

But she couldn't. She was supposed to be above human stuff like this, how degrading was it that she was considering how easy it would be to pee in the lake? “I can't...what would Kazuma say?” She was a powerful goddess, there should be no way she'd be unable to hold it until they returned to the town. That's why it was so embarrassing that her bladder was really straining, it was undeniable that Aqua could seriously have an accident soon.

“No...no, Aqua! Do not give in, you're better than this! You can wait until there's a safe place to pee!” Aqua was very proud, very protective of her deity status, she took offense to it being challenged, she would never forgive herself if she lost this struggle. “I just...have to wait, is all. Easy for someone of my stature.” She didn't believe a single word of it, though.

“What are you yelling about in there,” Kazuma shouted to her from his safe perch.

“...damn, he heard that,” she whispered this time. “I'm fine, of course! This is nothing a praiseworthy goddess like me can't handle! I'll be done soon!” The purification was close to finished, but even if it wasn't, she would hurry to leave this place soon. Not just to relieve herself, though it was the primary motivation, she was also sick of sitting in this cage.

She whimpered. It was honestly amazing how badly Aqua needed to piss, her legs were shaking and squirming just to keep things under control, it very well could be impossible to hold it long enough. She wasn't one to give up, though (unless things were hard in which case she would let Kazuma do it), so she was committed to wait it out as long as her body would let her.

###

Well, it didn't take long for the blue-haired “idol” to reach what had to be at least near her absolute limit. Her legs hadn't moved position in the intermediate time, but they sure were wiggling and bouncing a whole lot, both in sync and alternating. If anyone could see her clearly, her desperation would be entirely unmistakable, making Aqua so happy her party had enough distance. “Think Aqua, think,” she muttered as she hit herself on the head to get thoughts moving. “You're stuck in a cage, you really feel like you're about to wet yourself, you're being watched, what do you do?” Her bladder sent even harder pains through her at the thought, like she was being stabbed by a starter dagger right in the stomach. She couldn't help it this time, she pulled her legs closer to her body and started shaking even harder.

Her current worse fear (besides those Axis-forsaken frogs) ended up becoming true, her more exaggerated movements had caught the attention of her team, Darkness particularly. “What are you doing in there, Aqua,” she called out.

“N-nothing at all!” Aqua was really backed into a corner, the subsequent skeptical look Darkness gave Kazuma and Megumin, who returned the gesture, showcased they were not believing her lies for a second. They had to know she was holding as much water as this lake, how could she possibly face them again after this moment of weakness?

Kazuma put his hands to his mouth to boost the volume of his words. “Are you ready to give in and use the bathroom, Aqua? Everyone else has, don't bother torturing yourself.”

“Easy for you to say,” the goddess grumbled, careful not to be heard this time. “You're a boy, doing something that gross is normal.” She wasn't considering that Darkness and Megumin had also relented and answered nature's call, because it didn't fit her current rhetoric. “They're all just humans, anyway, it's not a big deal if they do it.” Even the water goddess who routinely failed to live up to that title didn't believe the crimson demon's claims of superiority.

“Really, Aqua! We already know you were lying about priests, or goddesses, or whatever not needing to pee, you don't have to hide it anymore! Darkness and Megumin have already done it!”

“What are you talking about?! I didn't pee,” Megumin shouted back, matching Kazuma's intensity even when it was directed at him instead of Aqua.

Aqua tried to shut them out, to ignore the world outside her cage. The only thing she wanted right now was all her energy to go to keeping her bladder steady, with a minimal portion fueling the lake's nearly complete purification. Maybe if she could get the lake as cool and blue as her, attention would slide off her, and she could swallow her pride and sneak off behind a bush or something. Disgusting, but desperation makes a girl think and do strange things, immortality doesn't change that.

“Ohhh...what did I do to deserve this torture?” Quite a lot, honestly, but it was hard to fully justify the hell she was suffering, at the mercy of her organs. She wouldn't dare grab her crotch, even though it would help with the bursting pressure immensely, so she had to settle for more leg jiggling for the tiny, increasingly useless relief it provided her aching abdomen.

So engrossed and preoccupied with holding, Aqua didn't notice something pretty important, that her team had stopped their petty squabbling and were all staring fearfully into the lake. It took Kazuma yelling “Aqua, watch out” before it finally processed, and she turned to follow their gaze. She saw them alright, it was impossible to miss. A congregation of alligators, menacing and hungry, swimming directing at the cage. True terror heading straight towards the goddess, and she couldn't run.

The gators wasted no time starting their assault, circling the metal prison multiple times, like they were just inducing fear. Aqua's busty chest heaved in panic, both from the encroaching creatures and the impending potty emergency, time was almost out. Actually, it was already a veritable and urgent emergency, it was just about to spike to its peak.

The alligators got tired of waiting and struck, all of them widely opening their very toothy mouths and biting hard into the iron columns holding Aqua captive. Each of them had the individual goal to rip into the cell, so they were all pulling in opposing directions, rocking the cage all over and flinging its contents with it.

Aqua could only scream as she crashed into every wall with loud clangs, her arms, back, head all taking injury, still all paling to the horrible strain and misery happening inside her body. But at least it wouldn't be plaguing her for much longer, because even a goddess can't keep her bladder under control when it's full to absolute bursting limits under this kind of stress.

Midair, in the process of being tossed from one side of the cage to the other while shouting in sheer panic, Aqua finally lost her hold. Even if she had been in discomfort for hours, it didn't feel good, the sensation of a heavy stream exiting her urethra into the open air wasn't pleasant. She hadn't even noticed yet, so entangled in reptile dread that the golden leakings escaped her current concern in favor of worrying about being mauled. At least, until she saw the freefall pee while she was helplessly tumbling as well, at which point she was all too aware of her emptying bladder.

Amazingly, and ironically, despite Aqua wearing the least of the party with no pants or underwear to cover her godhood, the surprising amount of urine flowing from her body everywhere while she was thrown around like a ball meant she was continuously colliding with her own liquids. Dress, stockings, sleeves, hair loopy, all were getting soaked as Aqua's bottomless bladder continued to empty everywhere and on everything.

This little embarrassment was not staying hidden, all eyes were close on her, and the broken stream was a perfect gold reflecting the sun's rays, making it radiant and eye-catching. At least it wasn't loud, the portions were small by the time they hit the water below, so the splashes were scattered and quiet. And it was drowned out tenfold by the clanging of metal and the screaming of goddess happening simultaneously.

Somehow, gravity took hold of Aqua now, and she landed on the cage's metal floor on her knees, still being rocked like a succubus in dreams, she stretched her hands out and shoved her palms in the water. “Purification! Purification! Purification!” If she could clean the lake, the alligators would leave, a last-ditch effort to save herself. Save her body, at least, her bladder was long gone. But now that she was still, her butt in the air, the pee stream flowed from her rear freely in a healthy arc into the water behind her, between her legs with a ringing splash.

With the adrenaline-fueled effort she was putting forth, Aqua's purification finally saw results. The murky brown water faded into clear blue, even the yellow clouds she was making in the lake weren't staying for long. As the water turned lighter, the alligators stopped their cage shaking, released the bars from their teeth, and swam away out of sight like they were afraid they'd be attacked now. Aqua stayed paralyzed, on her hands and knees in the now clean water, still peeing heavily.

A minute of pure silence followed, the absolute only sound being Aqua's splashing, echoing through everyone's ears. It took so long, but she finally emptied, leaving plenty of traces of her shame. She wasn't casting purify anymore, so the new yellow was staying, her clothes still had plenty soaked into them, and even after all was cleaned, no one would ever forget it, giving this little story the same immortality as the goddess who spawned it.

Once they were sure everything was clear, Aqua's teammates approached the cage slowly. “Hey, Aqua,” Kazuma quietly opened. “We were talking, and we decided you can have the full reward money. We'll let you out of the cage now.”

Aqua didn't respond. She continued her stillness, not even twitching or wavering. It was 10 seconds before she replied, quietly, “the world outside the cage is scary. I don't want to leave.” Once again, the goddess had found herself traumatized, alligators added to the list of deep fears with frogs. It didn't even register that she had just wet herself, even as the urine stuck the clothing it touched to her skin. She just wanted to avoid further peril, to survive, in this devil's blessing on this horrible world.

$$

*012*2016-06-16 13:10

{{40 minutes ago, LameJoker said:

Just a correction. Aqua canonically wears shimapan.

}}

As someone who only watched the anime, I call bullshit.

It's like One Punch Man claiming Tornado wears panties. I've seen the anime, no way that's true.

*014*2016-06-16 17:50

{{57 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

Any chance of further adventures from the cast in the form of more stories?

}}

Maybe if season 2 gives me something else to work with that I can't refuse, but one thing for each of the girls seems enough. When paired with the episode that features Megumin on the toilet, that's important and unforgettable.

