Never a Bathroom in RPGs (Konosuba)

Author: Captain L

*016*2017-03-30 18:18

Megumin was jealous. One of the lesser stated facets of being an adventurer was drinking alcoholic beverages with the guild after a successful quest, it was a social event of merriment and camaraderie. But the arch demon that was just as much a part of the victory as Kazuma, Aqua, or Darkness just had to be underage and couldn't partake in the party. Instead, she was sitting somberly at one of the tables while her team was having all the fun.

Well, she didn't have to be alone in her loneliness, because here came the master of exclusion, fellow crimson demon Yunyun. "Alright Megumin, this is my chance! This is the time I finally beat you!"

Yunyun's constant need for validation and her contrasting taste to the rest of their class made her an awkward sort that chased away anyone friendly, and even similar castoff Megumin didn't want to hang out with her. But Yunyun was carrying as many full mugs as she could carry, so there was an immediate, material benefit to humoring her. "Alright then, I accept your challenge." She patted one of the many empty spots on the bench as a gesture to join.

The friendless mage was all too happy for the company, and she sat down with the biggest smile on her face, laying her armful of wooden steins on the table. Megumin wasted no time grabbing the closest one and chugging it down. "Good, you've got the idea down! Oh, don't worry, I got non-alcoholic drinks."

Just as quickly as she picked it up, Megumin put the drink down with a look of disgust and severe disappointment. "So what do you want to beat me in this time?"

"Whoever can drink more wins!" She had lost the lead, so Yunyun started drinking to catch up. Against her better judgment, Megumin grabbed her mug again and resumed, slowed to a sip. She had nothing else to do, might as well prove her superiority.

###

Yunyun was at her limit. Drinking a lot in rapid succession felt awful, her stomach was feeling sick halfway through her tenth mug. "I can't do anymore," she declared, face falling on the table in an exhausted daze.

Megumin was barely doing better. She, too, was working on her tenth, seriously considering ending it now and letting Yunyun have a second victory over her. But, for better or worse, the mage was proud, she wouldn't lose when victory was nothing beyond a drink was in her way. "Here goes..." She hesitated, she looked displeased, but she forced that final bit of liquid down her throat, and collapsed in a similar way. "Yunyun, let's make a deal," she slurred, holding out a hand towards her competitor. "Never do a food-related challenge again."

"Deal." They very weakly shook hands and resumed being mostly dead with nothing more than anguished groaning while everyone else was allowed to enjoy themselves. Some large amount of time passed, or maybe it just felt like an eternity, and Megumin somehow found the strength to stand up, having to hold her stomach to protect against any churning. "Where are you going," Yunyun asked with the bare minimum energy.

"Gotta use the bathroom," she answered, not caring to hide her bodily functions. "Gonna need to before all this goes through me."

She was initially allowed to continue, but processing that statement put a new shot of energy into Yunyun, though she still wouldn't stand. "Megumin! I have another challenge for you, and this time I'm going to win!"

"What," Megumin asked, not even trying to hide her patience long-gone.

"Holding contest! Whoever has to relieve themselves first loses!"

She had no reason to agree. Megumin could very easily ignore her contest and take a leak like she had planned. She wouldn't even feel guilty about blowing Yunyun off. But her life was full of bad decisions, whether she would own up to them or not. "Fine, I'll kick your ass again."

"Come on, Megumin," Kazuma called, suddenly a part of their activities. "It's late! We're going home, and we're leaving you behind if you don't come now!"

"Oh..." Yunyun's head fell, depressed. "Never mind, then. I'll see you another time."

What was this emotion Megumin was feeling looking at Yunyun? She felt...bad? Was it pity? Yeah, had to be pity. "This was going to be a long term challenge anyway, I don't intend to stop because midnight has fallen. I intend to ensure you don't try and cheat, claim you won this if it was never truly decided."

"Can you speak normal, please," Yunyun asked.

"I know you've got nothing better, so I invite you to our lair, so that we may continue this charade."

Megumin may be going full chuuni, but the second-hand embarrassment could not hope to quell what was possibly the happiest moment in Yunyun's life. "You're inviting me to a slumber party?!"

"Don't call it that."

"Aaaahhhh! Yesyesyesyesyes!" She leapt out of her seat and hugged Megumin with all she had...when she was made to realize they still had a lot of fluid clogging up their systems. She backed away to allow them both to clutch their stomachs in sickened discomfort.

###

"Ungh..." The explosion mage was doing her best not to wake up, fall back asleep, but she just couldn't. Way too much in the liquids department, and she couldn't drain them in bed. Well, she could, but it was something to be avoided. "I gotta go real bad now." She sat up, taking very special care not to jostle anything inside, ready to rush to the bathroom before she couldn't manage.

In a more upright position, with the moon's light shining in, only then was Megumin reminded she wasn't alone, with someone else sleeping next to her. "That's right, I've still got a contest to win! I can't give up now!" But she couldn't very well continue to hold, that hard feeling in her bladder made damn sure she knew she wasn't holding more.

So how could she still come through victorious without putting in effort? Sabotage, obviously. So long as she wasn't the first to pee, she won by default, and she had the right persuasion for the job. Her arm shot out to punch her bedmate awake, she just didn't hit the intended target, as she was made aware of when she heard a cat yelp in pain. That was Chomusuke, making his pillow on Yunyun's pillows. Still, the cry was enough to wake the mage. "Woah, what's going on?" Surprisingly, the first thing she did was pat the blanket around her lap. "Good, it's dry."

That was the last thing Megumin was expecting to hear, and she didn't like its implications. "Were...were you expecting to wet the bed?"

Yunyun shrieked and jumped away, not being alone was a new feeling, she forgot. "N-no, I just have to go really bad, I was worried it might happen! I certainly don't wet the bed frequently!"

Ignoring that bit of information she didn't need to know, this was an golden opportunity. Kazuma's luck must be rubbing off. "If you're that scared, go to the bathroom now. I don't want you pissing my bed!"

"B-but you haven't gone yet. I don't want to lose now!"

"If you're already worried about an accident, then I'm telling you now: you're not winning. I can wait a lot longer still." That might be the biggest lie she ever told, she had no doubt Yunyun had the advantage. She might have the older body, but her mind could still be manipulated.

"T-then...can you come with me? I don't know where the bathroom is."

Yawning, Megumin slid out from under the warm sheets. "Sure. Come on." Yunyun might be peeing first, but Megumin would be on that toilet right after.

Holding hands, the two mages crept through the halls. Thankfully, one of them knew the layout from plenty of late-night potty runs, so they weren't bumping into walls and wasting time. With that kind of guidance, it took almost no time to reach the bathroom, though time was still in very limited supply. No prodding necessary, Yunyun grabbed the door handle, pulled, and achieved nothing. Pushing got her nowhere as well. "I-it won't open."

It wasn't impossible, but Megumin didn't believe it either. "Is someone in there?" She put her ear to the door to listen for sounds of life, and she heard something: puking. That needed no introduction, and her patience for it was running thin. She began banging on the door, shouting, "Aqua, get out of there now! We gotta pee!"

The goddess didn't respond right away, she needed a few more heaves for digestive stability. "I think...I think I'm almost done. Wait a little longer?"

She didn't want to, but it's not like Megumin could argue. The door was locked, neither girl had thieving abilities, it wasn't going to open until Aqua was finished. She whined, but stood down with her legs together. Had to look inconspicuous, Yunyun was the polite type to let another girl go first if they needed it more.

"Ohhhh, I really need to relieve myself," Yunyun panted out. Seeing as how this sleepover was spur of the moment, she was still in her day clothes, and lightly tugging on the front of her skirt. No doubt she could certainly use the toilet right about now, but if that's how desperate she was, Megumin would never have stood a chance in a fair fight. She was currently resisting the urge to grab her pajama pants hard for that bit of sweet relief it would provide.

And she was really wishing she could do that dance now, because control was starting to slip. A little spurt found its way into the detonation demon's dark purple panties. It was only a tiny bit, barely noticeable once it had soaked in, but it was a bad omen. It would not be long before Megumin started wetting herself now. And still, she kept quiet, denying her instincts.

The toilet flushed, running water an awful sound to both girls, but at least it meant their drunk goddess was done. The blue-haired priest stumbled out, Yunyun made a move for the door, but stopped and looked at her friend. "Are you sure I can go first?"

"Yes, just go!" That may have sounded too urgent, but Yunyun didn't question it and ran in, having the time to spare to lock the door. "Phew, I'm good now." With no one to watch, Megumin grabbed her crotch hard and started dancing, leaning against the wall. "Just have to wait for her to finish, she can't hold that mu-" The sound of Yunyun emptying herself into the toilet drowned her out, a splashing of a drinking contest's worth of liquids forcing their way out, And damn, was it loud. "Crap...I may have made a horrible mistake." It'd only be a minute, but it'd be a torturous one.

At least Yunyun was enjoying herself. So many drinks gone through her body, held uncomfortably, still able to be released in a proper place, that was a good feeling. Her black panties had made it through the ordeal completely dry, too, she was kind of worried about that. With nothing to fear, she started humming as she continued her tinkle.

Forced to listen, Megumin was just about at her limit. Her bladder was already maxed out, and making room by trickling some out, bigger and bigger each time. Her underwear was drenched, so any further drippings found their way into the fabric of her red pants, or running down her inner legs to dampen lower. It was getting really visible, and would only get worse real soon. And Yunyun was still going strong, the math wasn't working out. With one fist balled between her thighs, the other banged on the wooden door, threatening to knock it off its hinges. "Yunyun, get out of there! I need it now!"

"H-huh?! B-but I'm not done yet!"

"Hold the rest in! I gotta pee this second!"

Yunyun was panicking, she had never tried to stop the flow before its natural course had been run. But if Megumin was yelling at her, she had little choice, she needed to find a way to stop. Right leg went over her left, she squeezed them together to close the passage, grinding the pee to a halt. Sighing, she uncrossed them to stand up, allowing the stream to resume at its previous power. That hope spot of quiet had been latched onto, and its anchor was not pleased it had disappeared. "Stop! Get out!"

She wasn't stopping prematurely, so there was only one way to hurry this up. "I'm sorry, Megumin!" She took a deep breath and forced the muscles in her abdomen, unleashing her remaining urine at a much faster pace. It was deafening, and Megumin was suffering. She continued banging on the door to no avail as Yunyun did her best to empty out. At least she had already released a decent chunk of her bladder, this was draining her in no time flat. It only took a few seconds to dry up, and she hastily wiped herself and pulled her underwear back up. At least she didn't waste time flushing as she unlocked the door.

The instant the latch clicked, Megumin forced her way into the tiny room. She didn't even ask Yunyun to leave or wait for her to do so, her glistening pants and panties came down, she dropped onto the seat, and the torrent began. Granted, that power had nothing on the previous downpour, but for a smaller girl that was just letting go instead of putting effort in, it was impressive. Yunyun couldn't imagine herself ever matching that.

She knew it was wrong to stare, that she should leave now, but Yunyun found herself mesmerized by her friend's lack of shame. This wasn't something she had ever seen before, and Megumin was giving quite the view. Even her legs were spread apart to fully expose her privates and the clear pee erupting from them, with someone looking and the door wide open. Not like she could complain at the moment, her voice being taken up by heavy panting and some moaning.

Feeling very awkward about what she had witnessed, Yunyun tried to leave, slowly to not startle Megumin. By then, the initial good feeling of intense relief was fading, her breathing had steadied, and she was becoming more aware of what she had let be visible, squeaking and jamming her knees together to rectify that grave mistake. Still, she didn't care that much, at least Yunyun had the same parts. She was blushing, but she looked the other mage in the eye and declared, "I win again!"

*019*2017-04-05 16:08

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

Any chance of getting another Aqua themes story?

}}

I still see no real reason to write about a girl more than once. Just so happened that Megumin could piggyback on a Yunyun story, that's great luck and totally not indicative of Megumin being best girl.

*021*2017-04-05 22:33

{{4 hours ago, Rinatro said:

How about one for best girl Chris?

}}

If she did anything in the anime besides getting her panties stolen.

*024*2020-08-29 22:45

{{On 4/5/2017 at 12:08 PM, Captain L said:

I still see no real reason to write about a girl more than once.

}}

WELL, AREN'T I JUST THE BIGGEST LIAR

###

"Aqua...please hurry back..." Megumin shuddered and tightly gripped the blanket on Aqua's bed as the crimson demon sat atop the mattress, her fingers trembling as her chest heaved. The arch-priest was currently busy roaming the halls of the mansion, exorcising ghosts, so if someone needed her, they were out of luck. It was definitely nice to receive a mansion for the trouble, living quarters far beyond anything Megumin had experienced before, but the trade-off was intense. The arch-wizard was desperate for safety and security when faced with the threat of haunting, which was why she had left her own bed in search of companionship.

But that was far from her most desperate desire right now. As she sat squirming and wiggling, the events that led to her finding her way here replayed in her mind. Megumin had her share of trouble falling asleep, eyes wide open as she hid from the ghosts beneath her sheets pulled up to her nose, but it wasn't long before the drinks ingested during dinner caught up with her, and it wasn't long after that before it became painfully obvious that she wouldn't last until morning. Cue the mad dash to Aqua's bedroom for capable company to stand guard. So she could go pee.

It was bad. She was no stranger to having a full bladder, thanks to her continued insistence that "crimson demons don't use the bathroom", but this was a step, or two, or two dozen, beyond even that. The mass of urine simmered away inside her tummy, forming a lump beneath the loose fabric of her red pajama shirt, cramping the muscles keeping the liquids still, even as the small girl attempted to temper the pain by crossing her legs, and squeezing the crotch of her pants in both palms.

For a moment, it seemed like that was enough to keep her steady for a while longer. That is, until a stabbing surge of hot pain stiffened her muscles, leaving her able to do nothing but feel the sudden splotch of warm dampness across her panties. "Eep!" It was a short squirt, leaving nothing but a wet patch the size of a single Eris coin, but the mere fact that she had leaked at all was alarming. "I can't believe it... I'm gonna wet myself if Aqua doesn't get back here now! Hell, it doesn't have to be her, I'll take anyone! It can be Darkness! It can even be...Kazuma..." That last name was spoken with increased hesitation, clearly a last resort. No girl wanted a guy like Kazuma standing watch for them while they peed. But even still, she considered it. Anything was better than being imprisoned in this bedroom by her own fear.

Well, there was one thing worse, and just her luck, there it was outside the door: a loud pounding threatening to bust the thing down, all backed by a voice hollering "AQUA! AQUA!"

"AAHHHHHH!" Megumin wanted nothing more than to scramble away, hide under the bed, but she just couldn't get her body to obey. It was taking all her strength and concentration to keep her urine inside in spite of her fear, a fear so intense that she might have wet herself even if she wasn't positively bursting. Her pupils shook and shrunk, she could only choke out tiny squeals, and the chill than ran through her veins only served to accentuate the warmth in her pants.

Despite her prayers, the door did not hold, and whatever sat on the other side forced its way in with the ferocity of a furious beast. Cue a scream of bloodcurdling terror from both Megumin and the intruder. It was only upon hearing their voice and seeing their form that Megumin recognized the trespasser as Kazuma, who was not pleased with the deafening shouts that he definitely didn't contribute to. "What the hell was that for?! You nearly made me piss myself!"

"S-same to you!" Truthfully, while she had been seemingly too afraid to even pee her pants, the shock did result in another warm spurt. Even knowing that she wore black panties, she dreaded seeing the damage they had sustained, and all from leaks. Yet she was still bursting. "What are you doing in here? This is Aqua's bedroom!"

"Yeah, I know! So what are you doing here?!"

Megumin hesitated, looking at Kazuma with nervous eyes. She had a perfectly normal reason to be in this room, it was just an incredibly embarrassing one, one that revolved around her "feminine needs". But there wasn't much she could do to avoid the question, so she dropped eye-contact and started mumbling. "W-well, I heard some weird noises in my room, so I wanted her help." Her volume dropped even further, to the point that she was barely audible. "You know, to stand guard while I...go pee."

"Damn it, so we had the same idea..." Stiffly, Kazuma strolled across the bedroom, towards the large door on the opposite end that led to the outside. "Megumin, you're gonna have to turn the other way and cover your ears while I'm out on the balcony."

The crimson demon knew exactly where he was going with that. Truthfully, she had at one point considered the same solution, squatting out on the porch and aiming her pee between the guardrail bars, letting it splash from the second story down into the yard in a warm puddle, steaming in the winter air. The only reason she hadn't gone through with it was a sense of shame, something Kazuma clearly lacked.

And if that was the case, it was Megumin's duty to set him straight by tugging on his tracksuit shirt as he passed. "Where do you think you're going?"

Kazuma did not look back. "Let go. Or you'll be responsible for the puddle on Aqua's floor."

That was the last picture Megumin needed to imagine, or more accurately, imagine again. Yes, when her waves of desperation hit their hardest, the arch-wizard did fear the possibility that her hold would fail, that she'd leave a spectacular mess on Aqua's floor or Aqua's bed. That humiliating scene had yet to pass, but the chance that it still could was very much real, and even the knowledge that Kazuma was answering nature's call in his own way would be enough to make it happen. No, whatever it took, she could not let that happen. "I'm not letting go."

That prompted Kazuma to fight, hard enough to make Megumin jump out of bed in order to hold him back, a jolt far too sudden for the poor crimson demon's bladder. Cue yet another spurt of dampness, warmth that sent ice up her spine. "Ah! W-what even makes you think you can do s-something like that in here," she fiercely argued. "You pervert!"

"Oh, bite me! Nobody's stopping you from doing the same thing! You can use that bottle on the floor," Kazuma, while using one hand to pry Megumin's hand off his shirt, pointed at an empty glass champagne bottle on Aqua's floor.

Megumin had considered that possibility as well; in fact, she considered it first, relieving herself into the container already present in the room she felt safe, but that one went out the window when she began weighing that option. Simply put, there was no way a girl like her could pee in a bottle without also spilling it everywhere. But she wouldn't say that was why she turned it down. "W-why would you even suggest that?! Is watching girls do stuff like that how you get your kicks?!"

"Will you just get your hands off me already?!" Kazuma tried to pull away even harder, using his larger body to drag Megumin with him, the threads of his clothing stretching and fraying. So, instead of continuing with his attempts to pull her hand off, he covered her face with his hand and pushed from there, smushing her nose against his palm. At that angle, he was looking in the direction of the door, and when his gaze drifted from the crimson demon, the color drained from his face and the fight left his body.

Feeling him go limp, Megumin's own grip loosened, as fear welled up in the pit of her stomach again. Trembling, she turned her head and upper body to see what turned Kazuma speechless, and she found it: the door wide open, when they had never heard it move, its frame filled from floor to ceiling with small dolls, eyes shining in the moonlight, every single one of them trained on the two. Megumin's mouth hung agape, though the only sounds that came from within were small chokes and squeaks, unable to form even a mindless scream. She was present enough to pee a little, however.

And the spurt only worsened when Kazuma took her by the hand and dragged her along as he ran towards the door frame, barreling through the possessed puppets like they were toys, kicking the wall aside with his unyielding tackle. The sudden jerking and yanking caught Megumin off-guard, and not only did her high-pitched squeal echo through the mansion halls, a spout sprang forth in her pajamas, reaching the threshold where it very well could be visible from the outside, on her pants.

At this rate, there was only one way she was making it to the bathroom. "Kazuma, go right!"

"What?! What does it matter?!"

"Just do it!" In the face of Megumin's stern insistence, the adventurer could do nothing but obey, dragging her along down the dimly-lit hallway, to where Megumin knew the toilet lay. "I'm gonna make it," she whispered in the stride. "There's gonna be a real waterfall as soon as I do, but I'll make it." Plenty of scary stuff was happening tonight, but she no longer needed to fear an accident, and that was enough to make her feel strong.

###

"Kazuma? Are you still there?"

"Yes, I'm out here."

"A-are you sure? You won't leave?"

"Agh, just hurry the hell up in there! Or you're going to be the one cleaning the floor!"

"D-don't be so pushy! I can't go with that kind of pressure!" True to her determination, Megumin had made it to the bathroom without wetting herself. Or, rather, without having a complete accident, because it was just ludicrous to expect a girl her size to avoid any leaks, not at this stage of desperation. And, thanks to an impressively cute set of red puppy-dog eyes, she had stolen first dibs on the toilet from Kazuma, wasting no time in sequestering herself within the tiny water closet.

Once inside, Megumin wasted no time, hurrying to undress. Gripping the waist of her pants with both hands, the arch-wizard shoved them down with every point of strength on her adventurer card, watching them crumple at her ankles with a soft "thud". Next, of course, came her underwear, which followed the same procedure, with one major distinction: the sensation of removing her panties. Thanks to their immediate proximity to the urine dripping free, the black garment was heavily saturated with cooling dampness soaked between every fiber, so while the effort required to remove them was no greater, her panties peeled off her privates with a disgusting stickiness, leaving trace amounts of pee on her skin and folds. And the source lay to rest with her pants, in a pile on the floor at her feet.

Those were the events that led to the present, with Megumin sitting on the toilet seat. All should have been well. There was just one thing missing, one critical element this small bathroom was devoid of: the sound of flowing water. Even within the confines of these walls, the memory of the ghost doll attack mere minutes prior had not left the crimson demon's mind, and even now, she felt unsafe, like any of those spirits could overpower Kazuma and force their way in while she was...busy, and unable to stand up. Under those circumstances, it was no wonder that she couldn't relax enough for her bladder to void its contents.

"Please... I'm begging you, I really, really need to pee," she pleaded to herself. Even as no physical obstacles stood between her urethral tract and the bowl of water below, she just couldn't force even a drop out. A cruel irony; she had needed to try so hard to hold the solid mass of liquid beneath her stomach before, when it turned out that her fear was enough to do the trick, even though she no longer wanted it. Yet the outward pressure continued to boil over, threatening to burst her bladder like a bomb strong enough to rival her greatest Explosion magic.

She needed relief, so, though it flew in the face of all common sense, Megumin slipped one foot out from the leg of her pants, allowing it to cross over the other and press down, squirming in her seat with hips twisting to and fro, using the combined force of both thighs to keep her delicate magehood closed. She found herself wishing that she sat atop a throne without a hollow center, so that she could grind those female parts against something solid. Anything to help her hold.

"Mmgh...this is absolutely unbearable..." With two fingers, she pressed down on the bulging bladder making a mound on her shirt, with the idea that maybe she just needed to get past the initial dam for the river to flow, and a little force wouldn't hurt. Well, that assumption was wrong. Being so flush with pee left her bladder no malleability, now hard as a rock (or half as hard as Darkness). Instead of putting pressure solely on the wall that kept the vast urine in, the attempt gave the warm fluids nowhere to run, and they had no choice but to press outwards in every direction. "AGH!" And that hurt like hell. Like a water balloon, its rubber stretched and strained to its thinnest, having more pressure applied by the liquid it held, all with nerves to feel the pain, multiplied by her own frantic desperation.

"Megumin, get the hell out of there! If you're not going to do anything, give it up to somebody who needs it!"

And not helping matters in the slightest was Kazuma constantly yelling at her. How was a girl supposed to relieve herself with this kind of stress? "H-how do you even know what I'm doing?! Are you listening?! You're listening, aren't you?! What kind of pervert listens to a girl go pee?!"

"Gah, quit whining! Just piss and get out!"

Though his tone was overwhelming, Kazuma had a point. Megumin had been sitting on the cold toilet seat for minutes now, with nary a drop dripping down. At this rate, she really was going to burst, and dying from a ruptured bladder while sitting on the toilet would be a terrible way for the greatest arch-wizard and future leader of the crimson demon clan to go. "That isn't the kind of explosion I want to meet my end with..."

There was only one thing to do. Closing her eyes, Megumin began slowly inhaling, continuing with the breath until her lungs were as stuffed as her bladder, and then reversed the process with a warm wind. At first, the breathing was shallow, very thin and sharp, but as the cycle looped, each subsequent inhalation became fuller, more natural, each small wind blowing away a small portion of the anxiety that kept her fluids frozen. That's when, little by little, she began to see results, when a trickle of urine gently drizzling into still water began to ring in her ears. It was slow, not consistent in its rain as it stopped and restarted several times, but the facts didn't lie: Megumin had successfully begun peeing.

There wasn't much to say on the subject of the relief itself, seeing as it didn't exist. The leaks she made were literal drops in the bucket, making no tangible difference in the face of the full bucket that weighed heavily in her stomach. The only comfort she gained was in the knowledge that, given enough time, she would empty. Maybe if she continued like this, the pace would pick up and she'd be peeing normally before long.

Or maybe somebody would come knocking, hard enough that the door began to bend against its hinges. "Megumin! Get out of there now!"

With that one simple shout, Megumin's tap was unceremoniously cut off, her feminine parts were quiet once more. "P-please be quiet, Kazuma! I really can't go with you shouting! I know you need to go too, you'll get your turn!" Once again, she began to concentrate on her breath.

She didn't even get one inhale before Kazuma interrupted her yet again. "I'm not talking about that! Seriously, you need to get out!"

"I-I'll leave when I'm done! Just be patient!" Since there was certainly no splashing water sound to mask it, Megumin could hear the more subtle noises outside the tiny bathroom. It wasn't easy to make sense of all the barely audible disturbances, she was pretty sure she was picking up Kazuma's rapid steps and hectic breathing, but there was something else out there that she only just noticed: a large collection of small clicks, growing louder and closer. A heavy mass, a second one, formed in the pit of her stomach as she realized what could make that sound.

She wouldn't have to wait long to confirm it, as the restroom door soon sprung open. However, it wasn't ghosts awaiting the crimson demon in the hall, but something much more familiar, potentially even scarier: a frantic Kazuma reaching for her with an outstretched arm. Caught with her pants down, it was all she could do to slam her knees together and cover her crotch with both hands. "Hey! Get out! Get out of here! AAAAHHHHHHHHHH!"

Her screams for mercy did nothing to change Kazuma's heart, and his hand still made contact, gripping her upper arm tightly and pulling her off the toilet seat. A sudden jolt like that left Megumin no chance to prepare, and with one foot already freed from her pants, the other slipped out with little prompting. And Kazuma was so forceful, she had no chance to grab her clothes off the floor. The only thing her own thoughtlessly outstretched hand grabbed was some random thing off the lid of the toilet tank, carrying it off with her while leaving her pants and panties on the bathroom floor.

And her shirt was nowhere near long enough to cover anything below the belt. If she stretched it out and pulled it down, she could only just cover her unmentionables from the front, at least from Kazuma's higher eye level, though her more rounded behind would not be concealed so easily. She could only shield what she could from the lech dragging her further and further from her only chance at sweet release. Well, if they made it out of this, she'd easily be able to find her way back, with the trail of pee droplets she left with every step, the ripples in her bladder irritating it in just the wrong way.

She would have sworn to direct an Explosion in Kazuma's direction tomorrow, were he not perfectly justified in taking her and running. Hot on their tails was the army of ghost dolls, making no movements as they flew towards the two adventurers, closing the gap with every second that passed. And, even when she knew exactly what to expect, Megumin kept looking back over and over, scaring herself with each glance. Not just because of the specters, though they were terrifying, but because of the tiny puddles on the floor, highly visible reflecting in the moonlight.

The drops kept coming, and while a majority was cleanly raining onto the floor, more than she was okay with poured down her bare thighs instead, snaking down her legs' smooth skin. For a moment, the contrast was horrid, the warm pee touching skin that had been cooled by the winter's night air, and then following suit in falling temperature. Which, while more consistent, felt even worse. Her pee tonight wasn't especially yellow, so it may have been quite clear and mostly invisible to the untrained eye, but she could feel every bit of it, plain as day.

Yet Kazuma was the one that felt like complaining. "Damn it, where the hell is Aqua?! These ghosts are seriously starting to get on my nerves! They didn't even give me a chance to piss! You were lucky, Megumin!"

"W-what makes you think that's what I was doing?! Crimson demons don't use the bathroom."

"Yeah, yeah, that's great. So what am I supposed to do?!"

In the hectic chase, Megumin only just thought to look at the mystery item she stole from the bathroom. The hand it was held in had previously been flying loose behind her, and she only now used the strength to pull it in front of her face. And it turned out that she grabbed an empty flower vase. "Here, I took this," she offered, holding the vase to her comrade.

Kazuma looked it over for a second, indignant the whole time. "And just what are you suggesting I do with that?"

"That's pretty obvious, I think. I know I'd take the-"

"Megumin, shh!" Pulling hard enough to strain her shoulder, Kazuma yanked the arch-wizard sharply around the corner, and almost immediately after the bend, angled into a door and quickly shut it behind them. "There. I don't think they'll find us in here. But who knows how long we're gonna be shut-ins in this damn closet, and I'm gonna burst if it's much longer." Even in the dark storeroom, Megumin could see Kazuma with his hand between his legs, quickly crossing and uncrossing them as he knelt by the door, clearly struggling, judging by the sweat on his face.

And Megumin couldn't say she wasn't in the same boat: rocking in a sea of vast waves. Even if she had gotten a crack at using the can, she hadn't made any real use of it at all. Her bladder was just as bloated and distended as it had been while still waiting in Aqua's room, and letting a little pee out had only made the desire for further release far stronger, with no actual relief to ease the torture. She tried, though, with both hands pressing her shirt hard against her crotch, to reduce her agony even slightly. She could clearly feel pressure welling up, boiling over with urine heated by her body for far too long, so desperate that there was no way she'd suffer from a shy bladder were she to use the toilet now. Too bad this wasn't a bathroom.

But that didn't exactly mean she had no hope. Since Kazuma wasn't taking the offer, Megumin still had the flower vase in her possession, empty and ready for some water. Like she was saying before, she'd take the hint, she knew that, under these dire circumstances, this thing could be used as an emergency toilet substitute. And locked in a closet, ghosts waiting right outside the door, Kazuma so close to her that she could feel his heat, Megumin began to see it as such.

While obviously far from ideal, using the vase wasn't quite the worst way the mini arch-wizard could pee. Even if she was bursting at the seams now, Megumin didn't exactly have the biggest bladder, thanks to her small stature, so the container was large enough. While narrower than the base, the neck and mouth of the jar was wide enough that, were she to press it firmly against her urinary orifice, it would flow pretty cleanly. Plus, the biggest boon it presented: it was there. At this point, having anywhere she could pee was good enough.

If only Kazuma weren't there. He wasn't a terrible person in her eyes, but she was almost certain that Kazuma would not take his eyes off, were she to answer nature's call in such close proximity. It was one thing to be bottomless, one terrible thing, but to purposefully expose herself in order to perform an act that no crimson demon, no girl, should ever let a member of the opposite sex witness.

But it wasn't like she had much of a choice now. The white-hot mass of urine was burning like the sun, there was simply no room for another drop. A certain point of view would say that she was lucky that she had no pants to worry about wetting, but it hardly mattered. Within the next minute, the pee would either be bottled in the vase, or in a steaming puddle on the cold floor, assuredly one of the two. And while one may immediately assume that "not having an accident" would be the preferable alternative, taking that route would require Megumin to intentionally, deliberately pee in front of somebody. That was something to avoid.

But was it truly a drastically worse outcome? Megumin was still pre-growth spurt (or so she claimed), so she still appeared several years younger than she truly was. She had always suffered with a smaller-than-average limit for pee, and when the other crimson demons at the academy back home could easily make it through class without running to the girls' room like she did nearly every day, she was bound to develop an inferiority complex on the matter. True, both outcomes would imply a weak bladder unable to hold enough, but at least using the vase demonstrated a choice, a decision on where to relieve herself made by a factor beyond simply reaching her limit, even if there were mere seconds between that and the flood.

It was a difficult decision, and Megumin was taking time she didn't have to come to the most modest conclusion. And with each passing second of deliberation, her desperate need grew louder and more convincing, her bladder working against her brain to say she should just let go all over herself. And even in the intermediate time, it was getting its way in some capacity, constantly leaking to sate her need, or at least trying to, creating a sheen of cooled urine down the inside her of her thighs, gathering in a small, but expanding, puddle beneath her butt as she knelt on the floor.

There was one person that wasn't going to be so patient, however. "Gah, I can't take it anymore," Kazuma shouted out of nowhere. "I'm going to piss myself any second!" Jumping to his feet, the adventurer rushed to the door, dramatically grabbed the knob, and shoved it outwards. It only moved a fraction of its range before hitting something hard, with Aqua's head, earning a whine and a cry from the arch-priest. Not that Kazuma cared in the slightest, running past his injured party member with not a care beyond his own need.

Aqua, however, was more than willing to dwell on it, clutching the spot on her head that the door had crashed into. "Ow! How can Kazuma be so inconsiderate and rude to his beloved goddess?! Especially after I saved his sorry ass exorcising all the ghosts!"

Darkness, who had joined Aqua for her ghost busting along the way, saw it in a different light. "Yes, Kazuma isn't the sort to go easy on women for any reason. So inconsiderate and selfish, always getting his own way...MMMMMMPFH," she panted and moaned, possibly dirtying her pajamas with a wetness far different than the kind Megumin was afraid of.

She had reason to be afraid, because that wetness was breaking down her door of resolve, and her failure was fast approaching. "D-damn it, he got a head start! If he gets to the bathroom b-before I can... I'll never make it!" Carefully and worriedly taking one hand off her crotch, she placed her palm flat on the floor, using it to prop herself up so that she could stand. She moved like she was petrified head to toe, but she still moved, just slowly.

Too slowly. Before she had even gotten off her knees, her time ran out, and doom had come for her. It started quiet, a trickle of water only mildly more worrisome than her usual leakings, but Megumin had an informed premonition that this was only the beginning. And sure enough, the sound increased, dripping onto the hard wooden floor with rising ferocity until it could no longer be called "leaking". Trails on her thighs grew hot, snaking downwards to her feet, which never had the chance to cool down when a puddle of tepid liquid surrounded it at all times, encircling more and more as time passed.

And then the dam burst. What was seconds before a gentle creek, albeit one comprised of gross urine, all at once morphed into a river, and the puddle a lake. Megumin didn't even have the time to truly realize what was happening before it had completely taken hold, and her bladder had offered total surrender. This little girl had suddenly sprouted a deadly torrent, an overwhelming symphony, or cacophony, of crashing water, a foul odor, and disgusting warmth all over her bare skin.

Yet, despite that heat, Megumin shivered, frozen with shame. Yes, she was a bit smaller and younger than those around her, but that didn't mean she made a habit out of peeing herself. She'd covertly use the guild's bathroom before going on a quest, she'd make totally perfect excuses to get away if she needed to relieve herself in the field, and she made absolutely sure she didn't have to go if she was going to be incapacitated from an Explosion in the near future. If she were to claim that "crimson demons don't use the bathroom", she had to be cautious about when she actually used the bathroom.

Well, the secret was out now. Kazuma had run off, but Aqua and Darkness hadn't left, and it was just physically impossible to be oblivious as to what was happening on this dark floor. Megumin, her red eyes wide as plates, at the center of a widening pool of water, a thin haze of steam rising off the surface and wafting out in the drafty air. All the little bumps in the night that had previously frightened her were now drowned out by the tiny waterfall, and for a moment, Megumin could swear it was stronger than the flood Aqua used to defeat Verdia, given the intense splashback spraying onto her legs and butt.

The only movement she made, the only movement she was able to make, was her head falling limply forward, giving her no choice but to watch her wetting from the closest, worst vantage point, having to just sit there as the reflected light off her urine shone into her eyes. At least that meant there was a little light, because the light in her eyes faded and her jaw hung agape, appearing as if she had died on the spot from concentrated humiliation.

This was all that followed for the next half-minute, this truly pitiable sight. Aqua and Darkness watched silently (though Darkness had some crazy thoughts rolling around in her head), and the only thing Megumin could "say" was a depressed, emotionless sigh, hardly more than a strong exhalation. The only element to give it even the slightest character was an imperceptible fraction of a tone; one of relief. As her stomach flattened as much as her chest, and her bladder voided its boiling load, the fiery stabbing in her abdomen faded, and while there was no sensation to replace it, feeling nothing was a lot better than her insides writhing around in agony. A tiny strand of drool slid from over her bottom lip.

And before she knew it, it was over. Both the earth-shattering force of the spout, the tsunami ripples of the pool, and the roar of the splashing, all wound down to an uneventful finale. While the stream itself was rough, uneven, and inconsistent, its decline was smooth, save for a few sudden gushes of renewed strength, until there was nothing but drips, from her privates down to her legs, and her legs down to the floor, now more water than wood. It was shameful, disgraceful, and positively disgusting. But at least Megumin didn't have to go pee anymore.

It was only that closure that brought motion back to the crimson demon, as she lethargically lifted her head, replacing one form of bodily fluids with another, as tears wobbled on the corners of her eyes. She wasn't turning on the waterworks, not again, it was just visible evidence to her emotional state. Megumin could be surprisingly sensitive at times, and that fragility was sure to be triggered while being reminded, in the most painful way possible, how low her bladder's limits were. And she wasn't going to forget any time soon, not when she was still sitting in a chilly bath of it, stuck to practically every inch of her bare skin.

But Megumin was not in the same boat she had been until just recently, because if she wet herself now, she had friends to comfort her. Well, she never would have wet herself were she alone, but she still had friends there for her. Aqua walked into the storeroom, willing to pick the crimson demon up and get her back on her feet. "I can't believe that Kazuma, a woman is in distress, and he just runs off only caring about himseAHHHFFF!" Despite her superior nocturnal vision, Aqua missed a small box on the floor standing in her path, until her foot caught it and she tripped, crashing against the wooden planks with a smash so loud that, for a microsecond, Megumin doubted the ability of her own Explosion. It certainly made the sound of her pee seem like a whisper. The arch-priest had been just far enough away to avoid slamming against the arch-wizard in the tumble, but only just, as she landed hands and face first into Megumin's mess.

That's when something miraculous happened. Thanks to coming into contact with Aqua, the urine purified, through the power of magic. It was already pretty clear, but the impurities were scrubbed away as the energy flew through it, even reaching up and cleaning everything touching Megumin. The tactile sensation of the two was hardly different, but just the knowledge that the purification happened, having seen the spell in the alligator lake before, made her feel better. Ignoring any other unpleasant memories from that day, the spirit began returning to her eyes, and the color to her cheeks.

Darkness didn't even notice, still in her own world, continuing Aqua's thought from before she stumbled. "Yes, how shameful it must be, to be locked up in a dark room with a brutish man, unable to see where his hands might crawl, all while he forces you to endure the pain of holding your urine...hah...hah..." The steam of her heavy breaths wafted upwards in the frigid air.

Megumin had learned to tune out Darkness when she got like this, so to her, Aqua was the last one that had spoken, and she responded to that. "Well...he was just trying to protect me. Even if he picked a really bad time to jump into action."

"Hmph, and you thought that shut-in NEET could protect you," Aqua scoffed, standing up and inspecting the wetness in her shirt's collar. "Doesn't let you use the bathroom and runs there himself when it gets bad?" She offered a hand to her fallen comrade.

Megumin took it, being pulled to her feet, where she started brushing off her legs to get them as dry as possible. She really didn't want her legs to be wet, she'd catch a cold in this freezing weather if she were both wet and half-nude. "I need to get my pants back," she sighed, trotting back out into the hallway.

Only when she left the closet did a thought occur to her. A terrifying thought, one enough to make her cold and steal her breath. "Kazuma's in the bathroom... Kazuma's in the bathroom..." She paused for a moment, before taking off like a lizard runner, not even bothering to cover anything with her shirt. "Kazuma! Get out of there and give me back my clothes! You better not be sniffing my wet panties or anything!"
