The Omorashi President

Author: lmnoP

*000*2015-07-19 04:35

Welcome to one of my most intensive adventures into omorashi to date.

I've exhausted myself enough in writing this first chapter, so I'll just explain the concept. This is the pilot chapter in what I hope will become a multi-chapter, multi-interest novella; the subject is, of course, omorashi, but the setting is something I personally have not yet seen in fiction:

The West Wing of the White House.

Some important things to note: other than references to actual places and locations within Washington, D.C. and the White House, absolutely no characters in the story are based on real people. The history in the story is even skewed slightly to avoid even the slightest similarity to actual entities.

The main character is a 22-year-old girl named Alisha Collins, and the plot begins on her first day under a new Presidential administration set in the future.

If the response is positive, I will release new chapters as they are finished (I won't keep you waiting too long!). Hopefully this will kick me into gear to finally finish something I started.

The chapter is long, and as it will be a long story the details are bountiful to begin. Bear with me if you can for the first installment, it will get juicier as we move ahead.

Without further ado, The Omorashi President.

###

Chapter 1– Inauguration Day

Monday, January 20th, 2020

8:07 A.M.

Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington D.C.

The air was uncommonly cold for a winter afternoon in the nation’s capital. Snow caked the ground like a delicately placed quilt, with some areas maintaining an untouched, flawless surface, while others were criss-crossed with the innumerable lines created by Washington pedestrians. The streets were all but abandoned by motorists, leaving ample opportunity for plow crews to clear as many streets as possible despite the relentless snowfall. The result was a peculiar environment for the district, one that deeply contrasted the usual hustle and bustle of the federal triangle.

Silence.

Sure, the atmosphere was occasionally sliced by the delighted screams of Washington school students enjoying their snow day or by a family of tourists hell-bent on taking in the sights despite the ongoing blizzard. Taxi cabs blared their horns at jaywalkers who honestly couldn’t have found the crosswalk if they tried. But overall, the flakes of white that danced down from the heavens mesmerized the entire city. It was simply one of those days when, having thrown aside the office work and curled up on a velvety soft sofa in comfortable pajamas, one could relax beside a roaring fire, sip a mug of hot chocolate and let the pressures and demands of life melt away into another day.

Alisha Collins was abruptly taken out of her daydream by the sudden wet frigidness of having stepped into a puddle of slush along the roadside. After regaining her senses, she silently cursed a number of different things – particularly her own stupidity – and awkwardly moved out of the puddle toward an enclosed bus stop down the road. Her right foot, now freezing cold, squished between her pantyhose and heel with each new step.

What an absolutely marvelous way to begin the most important day of my life, she grumbled to herself. The ceaseless wind had changed directions again, this time blowing the clouds of snow directly into her face and slowing her progress even further. Making her way through Lafayette Park, she clutched her briefcase closer to her chest, partially to shield herself from the frigid temperatures. The massive trees around the park drooped low with the weight of their frozen branches, occasionally breaking free and launching upwards to send more snow cascading over the pathways. Trudging into the enclosed stop, she was grateful for the momentary relief and sat down on the bench to dry out her shoe.

Barely anyone was out and about in this part of the city. A hot summer’s day would normally see throngs of people from every corner of the globe relaxing by the nation’s most spectacular sights, but even the most diehard traveler knew a January nor’easter such as this was nowhere near worth their time and energy. This left Alisha the opportunity to collect herself for a few moments in peace; she opened her briefcase and pulled out the form she had reread nearly a dozen times just this morning.

White House Internship Program

All newly hired interns should report to the Northwest gate of the White House facing Pennsylvania Avenue no later than

8:30 A.M. on Monday, January 20th.

Glancing up, she was just able to make out the silhouette of the famous building across the street. The massive white complex was shrouded by a dense white haze, which did absolutely nothing to calm her nerves. How many times had she spent admiring and secretly coveting the chance to work in that office for the President of the United States? It was nothing short of her dream job, especially so being fresh out of her undergraduate studies in Washington.

The lengthy application process, the months of intensive background checks, the agonizing wait for confirmation or denial to reach her… it all paid off in the end with her acceptance to the West Wing Scholars Program, a highly exclusive internship opportunity for recent graduates. Not only that, but she would be starting fresh with a new administration – all the more opportunity to head up the power ladder. With pride in her heart and coffee powering her brain, she had made a point in ensuring her first day on the job would reflect her gratefulness and commitment to assist the Presidency. Nothing could possibly slow her down.

Except, of course, the largest inaugural snowstorm the country had ever seen.

The Constitution demanded that the newly elected President be sworn in on a specific date by a specific time; it made no exceptions for the thousands who ultimately could not watch the festivities as they normally would from the National Mall, and the incoming President couldn’t risk his health by staying outside for the lengthy ceremony. And so it was decided that the Constitutional obligation would be fulfilled with a private ceremony at the White House, and the public version would be repeated once the snowstorm subsided. This also meant that the new White House staffers, Alisha included, would begin work the same day as the new President.

Glancing at her watch, she noticed the time to be 8:20 already, so she quickly took out a pocket mirror from her purse to make sure she looked presentable. Her long brown hair cascaded over her shoulders despite the ferocious storm, and the false eyelashes complemented her deep, blue eyes marvelously. She wondered whether she had perhaps gone overboard with the makeup, but assured herself that she could never meet the President without looking her best. Standing up, she began the slow march across Pennsylvania Avenue to the gatehouse.

The swirling winds caused snow to cling to her legs and skirt, and some flakes even found their way into her shirt and cleavage. She quickened her pace, not wanting to appear like a snowman when she met her new boss. Presenting her I.D. to the guard, she was allowed in and directed into the front lobby of the West Wing. Briefly taken aback by the guards who opened the door for her, she entered the light and warmth of the building. And it was at this point that reality seemed to dissolve before her very eyes.

The scene was one that could only be described as chaotic. Men and women hurried back and forth through the cramped lobby down a multitude of different hallways. Some were carrying mountains of papers and books, while others were conversing with each other while walking at a brisk pace. With the constant traffic, it was hard for Alisha to get her bearings, let alone find out where she was supposed to go and what to do.

Eventually she made her way through the highway of staffers and, after passing through security, met the receptionist in the lobby. Suddenly overcome with shyness, Alisha quietly introduced herself to the woman behind the desk.

“Hello, my name is Alisha Collins, I-I’m here to intern for the President,” she stuttered quickly. The woman looked up from her papers with a smile.

“And which president would that be, dear?” she asked.

Alisha froze in confused panic, and it must have shown on her face; the receptionist quickly added on, “I was just teasing you, dear. I think it’s safe to say you’ve found the right building. Welcome to the White House, and congratulations on this amazing opportunity you earned!” Alisha immediately breathed a sigh of relief.

The receptionist introduced herself as April Hopson, and in the process of checking Alisha into her new assignments she mentioned that she herself was new to the administration just like all the other staffers; move-in day for her was a few days ago, but she still kept finding new ways to get lost in all the chaos.

“Like right now,” she sighed, scrolling through page after page in the internship database to find Alisha. “I swear, I basically just got here, and this outdated software is already driving me up the wall.”

“Take your time,” Alisha replied, although she continued to nervously check her watch every other minute. The orientation meeting for new interns was supposed to have started ten minutes ago, and no one else was waiting in the reception area with her. In the silence of the room, her attention was directed toward the several mugs of coffee and tea she had drunk this morning, not to mention the bottle of water she gulped down after being told she couldn’t bring it inside the building when she arrived at security. Automatically, her bladder offered up a slight twinge to let her know a restroom break would be ideal. Opting to wait for a better opportunity, she casually crossed one leg over the other and folded her hands in her lap, smiling at April as she continued her search.

April was gorgeous, by all accords. Her shoulder-length blond hair balanced professionalism with youth, and her tight-fitting blue dress proved she still had great curves for her age. Her brown eyes seemed to sparkle a genuine welcome, a quality definitely conducive of a White House secretary. Her personality definitely invited conversation, and Alisha gladly took advantage of this to distract her from her dilemma.

“So, if you don’t mind me asking, where in the building are we right now?” she asked casually, striking up a chat while secretly using the question to scope out a restroom for later.

April seemed more than eager to talk as well. “Well, out the door to our left is the office of the Vice-President, and right next door is the Roosevelt Room where we welcome large delegations as well as general staff meetings. Down the hall to the right is the Cabinet Room, and farther down from that is the Oval Office.”She grinned at Alisha’s disoriented stare. “Honestly, you’re not going to be working in most of those places, but we like to let newcomers get a feel of the layout. The office of the White House Chief of Staff, though, is one you’ll definitely be seeing later. His name is Charles Hartman.”

Alisha was taking mental notes as best she could, which wasn’t all that effective. Glancing downward, Alisha noticed that April was wearing a pair of glossy blue heels that seemed highly uncomfortable to walk in, but perhaps the secretary position did not involve much walking anyway. But the shoes also caught Alisha’s attention for another reason; April was quite clearly bobbing her legs and tapping her foot repeatedly, almost rhythmically. At first she brushed the display off as discomfort from her heels, or impatience with the computer system. There was obviously no way that a receptionist in the West Wing would be….

“I hope you’ll excuse my fidgeting,” April muttered, pulling Alisha back to reality. The woman had said that with discomfort in her voice, immediately perking Alisha’s interest. “It’s just that I’ve already been here for a few hours and with checking everyone in, I haven’t had a chance to leave this desk since early this morning.”She uncrossed her legs, fanned them together rapidly, then recrossed again. “That includes restroom breaks, unfortunately.”

Alisha was astounded; the West Wing was apparently in such a frenzy that even bathroom breaks were rare. Her own bladder offered up a stronger, more insistent spasm, and she crossed her legs tighter in sympathy.

“That’s awful!” she replied, “and on your first day too? Sounds like a fabulous welcome.”

“Oh, it isn’t a great way to start off, but I’m hoping it’s just a case of growing pains that will get sorted out eventually.” April briefly stood up to grab some papers from across the desk, giving Alisha a great view of her tightly crossed legs as they scissored back and forth.

Another twenty minutes passed. Alisha’s bladder was not coping well with the spectacle; she felt sorry for the receptionist, but there was no way she was going to meet the Chief of Staff – or the President, for that matter – while bouncing around with her legs crossed. She needed to find a restroom.

Just as she found the courage to ask, though, April clapped her hands together and offered a huge smile of success and relief. “I finally found you in the system!” she told Alisha excitedly, while simultaneously entering some information into the database. “For some reason you were listed under a different spreadsheet, instead of communications we had you under legislative affairs…”.

Alisha was thrilled that the issue had been resolved, but the situation further south was still unresolved. She quietly squirmed around in her chair as she waited for April – who was still fidgeting intensely herself – to finish up her tedious explanation of what happened. Her bladder felt like it was rapidly expanding from all the beverages she had; placing her hand over her bladder, it felt noticeably firmer and rounder as it bulged against her tight skirt. She whimpered lightly, gently massaging her abdomen while shifting her legs against each other. Why won’t this lady let me go already?

“…Either way, Ms. Hopson, the White House deeply regrets the inconvenience this caused you, and you are officially an intern of the West Wing,” April happily announced, handing Alisha her ID badge to be worn around her neck and the introductory pamphlet describing her first duties. Elated on multiple levels, Alisha gladly took the materials and rose – gingerly – to leave.

Still fidgeting around in her seat, April pointed toward the door she was supposed to exit, then picked up the phone on her desk. “Yes, it’s April Hopson. Is there any chance of a relief any time soon? It will only be a moment…”.

Alisha left the reception area into one of the back hallways of the West Wing. Unlike the front lobby resembling a streamlined highway, this part of the building was more along the lines of a corn maze. Rooms appeared along the length of the narrow, winding hall, with more alcoves and jutting walls than she could possibly count. She was instantly struck by a conglomeration of panic and awe, and decided on the best strategy to find her way. April had mentioned something called the Roosevelt Room, where the main intern meetings were taking place. If she continued walking she would undoubtedly reach her destination.

Her bladder decided this was an opportune time to remind Alisha of its plight, and an intense urge briefly overtook her in the middle of the crowded hall. She gasped louder than she would have liked, and doubled over with her legs crossed until the spasm subsided. Passing by was a Marine wearing his dress uniform, and having heard her gasp and seeing Alisha in what appeared to be discomfort he stopped to ask if she was alright.

“No, I’m alright, I just had to adjust me shoe,” she hastily replied, face flushed with embarrassment. She pretended to fiddle with her heel’s strap while keeping her thighs locked together to hold in the growing ocean of pee.

“I see, no worries, I was just making sure,” the man replied with a bemused grin on his face. He instinctively looked her over, admiring her, finding her absolutely gorgeous from her smile to her nervous fidgeting. He knew his setting and place, though, and made sure he kept decorum. “I’m James Logan, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Ms….?”

“Collins,” she replied while slowly rising back to a normal posture. “Alisha Collins. It’s great to meet you too!” That part was genuine. She found her attention locked on his muscular physique which was noticeable even through the uniform. The brass buttons along his coat were a highway for her wandering eyes; moving upward they poured over his handsome face, tanned with a few light scars from duty. They drifted from his deep brown eyes, lower down his coat towards the last button….

“I’m surprised we’ve never met,” James added, snapping her back to the conversation. “How long have you been working here in the White House?”

“Oh, it’s actually my first day here, I’m interning with the West Wing Scholars Program that my school offers to graduates.” And it will be my last day too if I pee on the floor of the West Wing, she added to herself, rubbing her legs together, reality bringing back the frantic urge to find a toilet.

“That’s fantastic, what a great opportunity! You know, I can still remember my first day in this building.”

Alisha had to make a move now, or she’d soon lose an internship and an impression with a great guy. “I’m so sorry, but I’m really running late for my meeting,” she broke in, collecting her files and getting ready to move. “But hopefully we can see each other throughout the day?”

“That’s absolutely fine, you get to where you need to be,” James laughed. “I’ll be around all day in briefings, I’ll catch up with you later on. Enjoy your first day at the White House!” He gave her a smile and a wink, then turned to continue on his way.

She smiled back and waved until he was around the corner, then bent down again to regain control. She couldn’t remember the last time she was this desperate; her bladder felt like a heavy lead balloon, and it was beginning to look like one too with the massive bulge showing through her skirt. Despite her crossed legs, she knew her pee was on the brink of leaking out.

Alright, Alisha, you’re not going to pee yourself in the White House, and you’re definitely not making it to a toilet by standing here, she thought angrily to herself. After a few more seconds of frantic holding and squirming, she managed to rise to a decent posture again and took a few hesitant steps down the hall.

Suddenly she heard a commotion ahead in the hallway. Seconds later, a group of people came swarming out of a glass-enclosed room and made their way across the hall. They all appeared to be young, college-grad aged men and women, and they were all wearing the same type of ID badge as Alisha. They must be the other interns, she decided. She immediately began to walk as quickly as she could manage while keeping her legs close together. Hopefully someone in the group has either found a restroom or needs one as badly as I do.

Growing increasingly frantic, she caught up with the group just as they gathered in a small, dimly-lit room at the end of the hall. Someone was in the front addressing the group, but Alisha could barely understand what he was saying through her desperation. She used the momentary pause to cross her right leg over the left, pretending to smooth out her skirt as she gave her crotch as much help as she could. Putting her weight on one foot, she repeatedly tapped the toe of the other heel on the carpet as quietly as possible, trying everything to remain inconspicuous.

Unfortunately, her movements attracted the attention of a fellow intern, a short redheaded girl who barely looked to be a high school graduate. The girl, Julie Flores according to her name badge, leaned in closer to Alisha.

“You’re Alisha Collins, right?” Julie whispered, just loud enough for the two of them to hear.

Alisha was not in the mood to chat, wanting to instead concentrate on her bladder and finding the nearest toilet. “Yes, isn’t that what it says on my badge?” she hissed back.

“No need to be rude,” Julie replied, recovering from the hostility. “You weren’t in the opening meeting. The Chief of Staff seemed pissed that he had to start without you, and you probably missed most of the information about your responsibilities.”

“First of all, I missed the meeting because the no one could find me in the system. Second, I’m a big girl and I think I’m more than capable of finding out what I’m supposed to be doing.” Another intense spasm forced her to double over, and she thought she felt a slight dampness in the crotch of her panties. She prayed it was sweat from the exhaustion of holding on.

Julie gave her a quizzical look, taking in the scene developing before her. “If you say so. I’m just worried you’ll start prancing around in front of the most powerful man in the world, which might not go over as professionally as you think it will.”

Alisha flashed her a fiery stare, but knew she was right. She obviously looked pathetic, squirming around in the White House on her first day the way a toddler would act. She was a grown woman, and that meant she should be acting like it.

“I’m Julie, by the way,” the girl added. “I really don’t want to make a bad impression, I was just trying to get to know people. You seem like a dedicated person.”

Alisha bent over further and discreetly rubbed her bladder as a brief dribble of pee found its way out of into her panties. Her face was flushed and speckled with beads of sweat. “I’m sorry for being so short with you, I’m just trying my absolute best not to wet myself right now.”

Julie had guessed that from the beginning, but feigned surprise. “Oh wow, that must be terrible. Too much coffee?”

“Probably, plus the nerves and the long commute and God knows what else. Either way this room is dry but I’m getting wetter by the second.” She slowly returned to a normal stance, yet kept her legs locked together as she bounced with her knees. “I’d prefer to avoid the topic until I’m able to relieve myself, if that’s alright with you.”

“If you say so, but to me it looks like you can’t even manage to hold your own pee. Doesn’t seem like a ‘big girl’ talent to me,” Julie smirked. Before Alisha could respond, the room grew silent as a gentleman in his late fifties entered the room.

“Welcome to the White House, ladies and gentlemen, specifically the most important part of the building: the West Wing,” the man began. “My name is Charles Hartman, and I am the White House Chief of Staff. I could go into detail about my roles and responsibilities in this office and hand out syllabuses like a daft old college professor, but I’m just going to give you two simple things to remember. First, you are all interns for the moment, but I want you to abandon that title the second you walk in here every day. No matter what the staff has you doing throughout the day, remember that it’s going toward the greater good. Change is made by those who show up, and you all clearly met that prerequisite.” He glanced at the back of the room at Alisha. “Some of us earlier than others,” he grinned. Alisha almost forgot her bladder as she felt the color drain from her face, then return like a hot red wave as countless eyes turned toward her.

“No matter. We’re all here, that’s what counts. That leads me to my second point, one that is equally as important to keep in mind. You serve at the pleasure of the President of the United States. The same thing goes for everyone, starting with me and going all the way down the line. The man next door controls our public policy and our agenda, and if at the end of the day an order comes out of that office that you can’t work to fulfill, then there’s the door. A lot of guys on the Hill would love to have you, and even more applicants would love to take your spot here.”

He paused to let the statement sink in for a silent audience; Alisha, glad to have the attention off her for a moment, did her best to keep the rustling of her pantyhose to a minimum. Another quick squirt of piss splattered her panties and caused a drip to fall down her leg.

The Chief of Staff smiled at the crowd. “Now that the scary part is over, let’s go see our boss.”He made his way past the packed room toward a door along a curved wall right behind Alisha. She was forced to stand up in a proper position, albeit with trembling legs and bouncing knees. She was about to ask for a restroom break, but reconsidered at the last second. He knocked briefly and opened the door slightly. Alisha was able to hear his muffled voice through the gap.

“Mr. President, I have the Scholars interns ready to see you.”

She was just able to make out the reply, “Sure, Charles, send them in.”

“Alright, ladies and gentlemen,” Hartman grinned, “follow me.” He opened the door and ushered everyone in to the room. Alisha, closest to the door, was the first one led into the Oval by Hartman. She led her fellow interns while using every ounce of strength left in her.

As soon as she stepped inside, she was bathed in sunlight pouring through the massive bay windows along the far side of the room. The rays reflected off the polished wooden furniture and were absorbed into a pristine snow carpet in the center. To the left was a bookshelf and grandfather clock guarding a large marble fireplace, themselves flanked by two more doors that blended into the wall. Two couches were nestled in the center, covered in a luxurious candy-stripe patterned fabric. On the right was the resolute desk, and seated behind it was Daniel Bennett, the President of the United States.

Alisha was frozen in shock, barely able to comprehend Hartman’s instructions to move into the center of the room. She didn’t know why she was so surprised since she knew whose office it was, but nevertheless her gaze seemed permanently transfixed on the man seated before her. Moving in farther, she ended up standing a mere feet from the desk, and ultimately her eyes became locked with those of her commander-in-chief.

The man chosen by the people to lead their country for the next few years was, by all accounts, worthy of admiration. He had taken the nation by storm with his youthful and invigorating features; his eyes, a soft hazel, were the centerpiece of a perfectly masculine face, which was topped with a trademark haircut of cropped black hair. He was a symbol of athleticism, too, having never passed up an opportunity for the press to see him engaging in rowing, basketball, baseball, and any other sport available to him in Washington. As such, his muscles were accentuated by his smartly-tailored suit.

President Bennett smiled, rising from his chair and extending his hand toward her. “Welcome to my office,” he said, “I’m Daniel Bennett. It’s a pleasure to meet you. And your name is?”

Alisha, her mind still at a standstill, realized she was standing rigidly with her legs noticeably locked. Immediately she relaxed to take a step forward and accept the President’s handshake, and realized her mistake soon after. A strong jet of pee escaped into her already-saturated panties, causing a dribble to fall straight down her legs and onto the carpet at her feet. She froze again, the fleeting sensation of relief replaced by horror and embarrassment. She could feel her cheeks already flushing a deep red.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t get your name,” the President asked again, still smiling.

“Uh…sure, of course, umm…” she floundered, desperately trying to contain her bladder while trying to bring her mind back to the question. She pranced from foot to foot and jiggled her legs as discreetly as possible, knowing there wasn’t a chance in hell that he wouldn’t notice.

“No need to be shy in this building,” the President laughed. “I know some would argue I’m an intimidating guy, but really I’m just easy-going when you get to know me. And I’m sure we’ll get to know each other very well over the next few years.” His gaze fell on her badge. “Alisha Collins… I’ll assume that nametag is right so I can save you from answering the tough questions,” he added. She thought she saw his eyes flash down her legs to the carpet with a look of curiosity, but wasn’t sure. The brief gaze was replaced with a wink as he made his way to the next intern.

Alisha still glowed with bright red across her face, although she was still swooning from having experienced his confident charisma in person. Without his eyes on her anymore she was able to resume a stronger pee-dance by marching in place, legs scissoring together and hands clenched at her sides. She was leaking more frequently, and knew she would have to ask Hartman to leave for a break.

Suddenly one of the rear doors opened, and a young staffer entered with a note in his hand. He walked through the throng of people toward the President, who was laughing along with his Chief of Staff. “Excuse me, sir, but you’re needed in the Cabinet Room,” Alisha heard him whisper as he handed over the paper. Bennett looked it over, whispered something to Hartman, then stood before the crowd.

“My apologies, everyone, but apparently even I can’t escape dull business meetings,” he announced, to laughter from the group. “I trust my staff needs you all anyway, we’re pretty slammed from this storm but the rest of the country still needs our help. I say we give them what they need.” He grabbed his suit jacket from the back of the chair and pulled it on, beginning to make his way through the crowd toward the door. “I’ll be sure to call you all back in at some point later today to have a proper introduction, but for now, thank you all for your service to your country.”

The interns applauded and made their way back through a different exit. Alisha, now at the back again, frantically tried to make her way over to Hartman. Julie, however, caught up with her first.

“I wish I could arrive late on my first day and still bat my eyes at the President,” she whispered, mocking Alisha by copying her stammering.

“I don’t really care right now, Julie,” Alisha moaned, still making her way toward the front. “I need to pee, I can’t concentrate on anything else. I probably just peed on the carpet in the Oval Office of the White House and unless you want me to pee on your shoes next, I’d move out of the way.”

Julie threw up her hands in surrender, allowing Alisha to keep moving toward the door.

“Oh, and Ms. Collins?” President Bennett added from across the room.

Alisha, caught off guard, spun around to face him. “Yes, Mr. President?” she asked.

“Would you mind waiting for just a moment? This shouldn’t take long, I’ll be right back.”

Alisha felt her heart tumble out of her chest, and clenched her thighs as tightly as she could as another spurt of pee found its way down her now-glistening pantyhose. She was right on the brink of letting go, but knew she couldn’t turn down the President. “Of course, sir, uh…I’ll wait right here for you then.”

“Thanks a lot, I appreciate it. Have a seat on the couch and make yourself comfortable.” He gave her another one of his famous smiles, then closed the door behind him.

Julie, along with the other interns, collectively flashed Alisha looks of intermingled confusion, jealousy, and awe. Hartman, seemingly taken aback just as much as the rest, gave her a questioning look briefly before closing the door behind him.

The room was now silent. She stood still briefly, then bent over at the waist as she clutched her crotch with as much strength as she could muster. Looking around, Alisha was hit with the full weight of her situation.

She was alone in the Oval Office.

The President of the United States wanted to talk with her personally.

And her bladder was about to burst.

*004*2015-07-20 03:23

Thanks so much to all of you! I'm really excited for the next chapter, it'll have much more action, I swear ;)

*016*2018-03-10 05:43

{{6 hours ago, dpmpvfd said:

This is awesome sad to see that it never got finished

}}

Thank you! I actually got around to writing a second chapter here

, and I'm currently working to publish Part 3 this week!

