Amy Rose Omo

Author: Axis

*000*2012-04-18 03:15

My first fanfic yay! A scene from Sonic CD turned omo. Enjoy and comment please.

Amy Rose was on the Little Planet in Collision Chaos. She was waiting for Sonic to run by, and had been for a while. She fidgeted a little bit as her bladder was starting to fill up but nothing she couldn't handle.

She saw Sonic on the horizon and jumped for joy. "Sonic!" she yelled when he got there. "Amy? What are you doing here? Don't you know Eggman's robots have taken over this whole planet?" said Sonic. "Well yeah, but I know you'll save me if I'm captured won't you?" Amy replied. Sonic sighed,"That's not the point Amy..." No sooner than he finished his sentence, Amy began rising into the air screaming. The robot lifting her looked a lot like...Sonic? Sonic didn't know what was going on, but he did know he had to save Amy.

The Metal Sonic flew away quickly with the jet in his back. Amy yelled out for help and Sonic simply yelled back,"I'll find you!" He began running in the direction the robot went, determined to save Amy. Meanwhile, Metal Sonic landed in Stardust Speedway. The robot looked at her and made funny clicking and whirring noises. Then, in a deep metallic voice he said,"HEDGEHOG DATA COPIED. SUBJECT IDENTIFIED AS AMELIA ROSE. ORDERS ARE TO APPREHEND AND IMPRISON SUBJECT HERE AND WAIT FOR FURTHER ORDERS. HAIL EGGMAN." After the stress of being carried off and the position he carried her in, she was starting to feel the need to pee. Metal Sonic brought out some high tech looking rope. Amy had been captured enough to know what it was for.

"Wait. Could I please go to the bathroom first?" she pleaded.

He replied,"DOES NOT COMPUTE. ORDERS DO NOT INCLUDE 'BATHROOM'. REQUEST DENIED. HAIL EGGMAN."

At this point she had her hand under her skirt, squirming around while Metal Sonic tied her to a nearby pole. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it in long this way. For once in her life she was glad Sonic wasn't here. Metal Sonic sat nearby and turned himself off, so now she was alone. The cold weather wasn't helping her situation, and she thought about how embarrassing it would be to wet herself like a little girl in front of Sonic. She was tied very tightly and soon, to her horror, she lost feeling in her legs. She was so upset at the whole situation that she simply gave up. Her pee filled up her panties and snaked its way down her legs onto the ground. A puddle spread underneath her, and the relief was wonderful. She almost thought she was having an orgasm instead of wetting herself it felt so nice and warm. She was very turned on by the whole thing, and when Sonic did save her, she went home to explore her newfound fetish.

*004*2012-04-23 13:59

Wow thanks everyone! I thought I would be the only Sonic fan here. Now I'm inspired...more to follow!

{{:

I love this story. i honestly do.

And is it a coiencidence that i completed sonic cd just now?

}}

More like destiny haha

*008*2012-04-25 03:55

{{:

This is great ^w^ <3 yeee! another person who loves sonic omo! u should make one of shadow or sonic~!

}}

I'm planning on doing a Sonic and Tails double wetting fanfic when Son4Ep2 comes out. I like to please all kinds of omo fans regardless of what I'm into. Except poop. I don't judge it but it would just be a little too far out of my comfort zone hope all you pooping fans understand:/

*009*2012-04-30 03:29

Thanks for your help! I will make sure to add those things. Im not insulted at all, but grateful now that I know how to make my stories better for readers. Thanks!

{{:

Look at the sudden Sonic fans coming in....I belong in this group too...I'm not really big on sonic omo though.

If you don't mind my constructive criticism however, to put my contribution to the thread.

This story didn't have to be clumped into a single paragraph. Most readers find it easier when paragraphs are separated apart so it's not all clumped at once. Since it's a particularly short story...it's not entirely big. Though...I feel the story is rushed. The concept itself was good, however, and the writing and grammar was good, which is always a good thing to see in writers.

}}

