Accepting Story Requests (Post Below)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-08-31 15:58

I wanted to do more original stories, but I ran fresh out of ideas on any new ones, so I'm gonna take some requests for some. Just note, this ain't one of those "first come, first serve" things; I'll do what I think would make really good ones. :)

Here's what I will do:

- Wetting (pretty obvious)

- Desperation

- Diapers (as long as I know someone's gonna wet or soil them) :D

- Messing

- Romance scenes (kissing, etc.)

- Female masturbation scenes

Here's what I won't do (no offense intended):

- Fanfiction

- Loli/Shota or anything else dealing with young children (teens, specifically high school age, are OK)

- Bondage

- Hardcore romance with sex scenes

- Pregnancy (sorry, definitely not my type of thing)

Here's what I might debate about:

- Yaoi/Yuri

- Furries, especially cartoon characters

- Fanfiction that consist of personally made-up characters

- Male fiction (not usually my thing)

Hit me up if you're interested! :D

(Bonus chances if the stories:

A) relate to any of my fetishes

B) consist of more than one character having an accident

Or

C) Both :D

Like they say, the more, the merrier! :D)

*005*2012-09-01 00:40

{{:

Alright, sorry to bombard you, but I made a request to the fanfiction request post you offered.

Now that I have a clear list, can I modify it?

So, say girl is at the beach with her boyfriend? She tries to go in the ocean, but everyone gets called out of the water, so she has to hold for the ride home. This ends about how you'd imagine.

She gets back, she's all sad that she wet, but also kind of hot, so after running off embarrassed, we get a little "hot" scene of her in the bathroom. Afterwards, she comes out, little comfort from the boyfriend.

So, that's my idea, modify it as you please.

}}

No kidding, I remember making a story like that up, except it didn't have a hot scene in it.

I would definitely consider doing this! :D

{{:

How about this: A group of girlfriends goes to see a movie, they drink those massive sodas and are soon desperate, but are so engrossed in the movie that she dosen't want to get up and go to the bathroom and miss anything. When and how they end up having accidents is entirely up to you.

}}

A group of girls watching a scary movie and wetting themselves in the theater. Brilliant! Simply brilliant! :D

{{:

Alright, I've got an idea for you.

How about a nurse taking care of an old widowed guy in his house. The man's semi-disabled, and has to do everything in a wheelchair, but he's still very sharp of mind. He's also pretty well off and she's soon charmed by him. Eventually, he reveals to her that he's into desperation and wetting and shows her some examples on of what he means on his laptop. To his surprise, she's not disgusted but rather understanding and even makes jokes about the situation. He then asks her to do a few of these things for him, in exchange for rather large sums of money.

Take that as far as you like, if you're interested. That's the general setting I had in mind.

}}

You almost had me there with the nurse part, as I had just came up with a character for it. I might hesitate on this a little, since it's an old guy we're talkin' about, but I'll surely give it some thought. :)

Quote

*006*2012-09-01 06:43

{{:

Alright, sorry to bombard you, but I made a request to the fanfiction request post you offered.

Now that I have a clear list, can I modify it?

So, say girl is at the beach with her boyfriend? She tries to go in the ocean, but everyone gets called out of the water, so she has to hold for the ride home. This ends about how you'd imagine.

She gets back, she's all sad that she wet, but also kind of hot, so after running off embarrassed, we get a little "hot" scene of her in the bathroom. Afterwards, she comes out, little comfort from the boyfriend.

So, that's my idea, modify it as you please.

}}

Here ya go! One swimsuit omorashi story, on the house! :D

%http://omorashi.org/topic/8628-annes-special-summer-swimsuit-wetting/

