Master and Servant - Page 7

Author: Sunny

*151*2016-02-18 02:55

{{:

First of all; can't flippin wait for the next chapter! But I think sine throwback wettings from before Hermione knew he had seen her wet herself would be great. Also may I suggest a wetting where Hermione pulls her pants down but squats and pees her underwear (either intentionally or accidentally while desperate) then continues on with her day in hidden wet panties. Just a thought

}}

VERY much can do ;)

*160*2016-04-29 07:00

{{: 

What year of the harry potter universe are you in as of yet sunny? (as in which book)

}}

We are in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (fourth book) :)

Hello Omo-Friends!!!

Again, so sorry for the long update. Lots of crazy going on. Anywho, here's the latest chapter! I have a few bonus stories to put up in between updates, but please keep sending me what you want to see! So far I've got some requests for bed wetting, which I will be MORE than happy to do again! Thanks so much for sticking with me guys, it means a lot! Enjoy!

Chapter 14: Solo Explorations

Draco had every intention of anxiously, impatiently waiting until the court yard had cleared, then turning right back around to follow Hermione into the castle. Unfortunately for him, bringing up the end of the gaggle of students, were Crabbe and Goyle. They gravitated to him like very stupid moths to a flame and, most unfortunately, he was in no position to shake them off this time. He'd been far too invested in his new toy for the last few weeks to pay them much attention, and they'd been getting antsy. And so, he was forced to spend his free afternoon in much less pleasurable company.

Sorry Hermione, he thought mournfully as the two idiots guffawed about about something he'd said, you'll have to test out your panties without me today.

###

As for the girl in question, she'd ducked into the tapestry covered alcove near the teachers lounge with the supply closet inside. It was still her favorite place to make a puddle, and one of Draco's favorite places to watch her do it. By this point, if neither of them could find the other, it was a fair chance that they were in here. She opened the closed door and sat herself down on an upturned bucket to wait. She sipped out of her water bottle, thoughts drifting to the morning she'd shared with Draco, cheeks flushing.

I really didn't mind touching myself in front of him today....or touching him after...I mean, it was just through clothes, but still...And I guess its normal for our age group to experiment...but still...This is Draco Malfoy we're talking about...just how far is this going to go? How do I feel about this? She wondered as she sipped her water, tapping her left foot slowly against the stone floor. She knew trying to be logical about emotions wasn't going to get her very far. But she thought it would be at least a good start to try and identify what she was feeling.

I'm not in love...but I love it when he touches me...And I liked touching him too...that made me more excited...and sort of... she blushed a little deeper, dare she even think it? Sexy. It made me feel like I was desired too...She swallowed, nibbling her lip as she glanced down at herself. She was frumpy, bookish girl with too much curly, crazy hair. And she got her kicks by tinkling in her panties. How could she have a right to something like sex appeal? But...Draco looked at her with those glassy eyes, like there was nothing else in the world that he'd like better. And her heart sank.

Why him?

She imagined Ron, ducking in between corridors when classes were out. She could easily imagine him touching her, kissing her...but she knew he'd recoil in disgust if she peed her panties. And if she was going to have someone in her life that touched her that way, certainly it wasn't too much to ask to have someone who'd share her particular desires...right? She frowned a little as she drank her water, foot tapping a little faster.

Well, there's not just Ron...a little voice whispered, quite without her permission really, and making her blush deep crimson. Viktor Krum. A day in the library that ended with a puddle in the history section. Shame twisted in her stomach as she recalled how she stood up after having her desperate accident, after Madame Pince refused to let her leave without putting away her books. He'd come out from the other isle, much to her horror. Yet, he'd been so sweet. He hadn't seemed to mind it at all that she'd wet all over the floor. In fact, he spelled her clean after listening to her rushed and tearful explanation about how the librarian refused to let her use the loo without putting up her books...and she'd been so into her research that she hadn't noticed how bad she needed to go. He agreed to keep what happened a secret and ruffled her hair in comfort. And in truth, he'd never breathed a word of it. And neither had she.

Draco would spit fire if he knew, she thought as she sipped her water, but...Viktor hadn't minded...but it wasn't like he saw me get off on it either. To him, it was just an accident...I think that's how most people would think...She sighed, shifting a bit, why couldn't I be into something more normal?

The bottle was empty when she went to sip from it again, having not yet refilled. It was only then she realized her thoughts had distracted her from her bladder filling up again. She squirmed a little on the bucket, pressing her thighs together. Where is Draco anyway? I have to go...

Her need was building quickly, something she was used to now because of that potion, and she nibbled her lip impatiently. It had been awhile since they parted ways, and he should have come to get her by now. She stood up, pacing in the closet at first, then opened the door to move out to the tapestry to have more room. I'm not allowed to go without permission...but if he's not here, that's not my fault, right? She thought with a worried expression as she peeked out from behind the tapestry with one hand between her legs. The corridor was empty in either direction and she sighed with disappointment as she hid again.

She was officially desperate, crossing and uncrossing her legs as she switched back and forth from holding herself with one hand and two. Her bladder was pulsing angrily, wanting her to just let her urine flow. But if Draco came in and found her bottle drained after so long, and her sitting calmly, he'd knew she'd have wet her panties. She whined softly to herself and went to sit back on the upturned bucket to wait. And wait. And wait some more.

Ohh...I can't take this!!!! She thought, panting softly as she fanned her legs open and closed, both hands squeezing herself tightly. She was at her very short limit. If Draco didn't come soon, she was going to have an accident in her panties. What if he can tell how many times I've wet...Mmm...but he did say I wasn't going to get punished today...Ugh but he DID say I still had to get permission...this isn't fair...Mmmm, I'm going to pee!

Hermione gasped aloud as a sudden burst of warmth soaked itself into the crotch of her panties. She was still for only a moment, before frantically twisting her legs together to stop the flow. It worked, for the time being, but she couldn't move from her position. Maybe I should go look for him....oh, but I can't even walk...and I'm already leaking...I'd only get a few steps before...

“Oh!” she cried out softly, eyes slamming shut as she held herself tightly. There was no stopping the rest of her flood though, and she gave up and relaxed as her pee rushed out of her. She sighed in bliss as as it soaked into her panties, hot and wet and directly against her center. It made her body tingle to have all of her pee localized between her legs like that, and she sat with her eyes closed to just enjoy the feeling. She noticed it took a little bit longer for it to fully fade to dry again. Hmm...I wonder how many times I can fully pee in these before I have to change them...

She stood up, pulling her skirt up and sliding a hand between her legs and over her butt. She was still dry, even if she squeezed the panties at the crotch, it didn't so much as make her hand a little damp. But she definitely decided that she probably couldn't sneak more than one accident. She needed to go find Draco. She grabbed her now-full bottle and headed out of from behind the tapestry. She'd barely got down the corridor before an owl swooped by and dropped a folded note at her feet. She picked it up and recognized the handwriting immediately:

Hermione,

Sorry about our date, but I can't get away from Grabbe and Goyle. Test your panties out on your own, and I'll meet you in the Astronomy Tower tonight after dinner.

D. M.

Hermione raised her eyebrows in surprise. Well then. Today was going to be fun. She grinned, destroying the note with a quick flick of her wand, and then started drinking more water. It had been a while since she was able to just hold for herself, without an audience. She decided to go exploring around the castle, trying new doors and seeing if she could find any new secret passages. Yes, logically, she knew Harry's map had a full showing of every passage...but honestly, how could one map have EVERY passage in a castle who's structure changed regularly? Certainly there were a few left undiscovered. Besides, even Hogwarts, A History, had claimed that finding all the passages in Hogwarts would be an impossibility. So, bottle in hand, she began by opening doors she did not recognize.

Most of them led to empty classrooms, cleaning supply closets, and one room that was oddly filled with candelabras of all shapes and sizes. When she grew bored of the doors, she started peeking behind tapestries and suits of armor, then pressing on certain stones that seemed just a bit off set or off color. A few Ravenclaw students noticed her and when she explained she was looking for secret passages and hidden things, they happily shared some knowledge for her to try.

“Only when the students are mostly gone,” one perked up “a particular passage opens up to an indoor garden with a little pond, its near the kitchens.”

“Yeah, we think its Professor Sprout's own personal garden.”

“Well that sounds lovely, I wonder if I can find it,” Hermione grinned. They wished her luck and went on their way. She headed back downstairs, but slowly. She'd been drinking quite a bit of water during her explorations and now needed to pee again. She managed to make it down to the Great Hall, grinning a bit to herself as she moved inside to have lunch. Not that she ate much, but four goblets of pumpkin juice had filled her to the brim until she was absolutely about to burst. She sat there as nonchalantly as she could, chatting to Colin Creevey (about Harry, of course) with her legs tightly crossed. She was barely listening, hardly speaking, but thankfully she didn't need to. Colin tended to do most of the talking and listening, so she was free to focus on her bladder, which was moments from exploding.

As Creevey gave her a stunning verbal re-creation of Harry's greatest moments on the Quidditch field, Hermione forced an interested smile. Creevey would have no idea that her hand was crushed between her crossed thighs, nor that her fingers were moving rapidly against her crotch. She hadn't been this full since that day in Potions, but her “method” still proved useful. She was sure that if present company hadn't been talking about her best friend, she would have been more turned on than she was. Still, it was enough to prevent her from having an accident outright. For now.

As Creevey turned his praise from sports to Harry's conquests against the Dark Lord, Hermione lost a long stream of pee into her panties. She shivered, wanting to moan but needing to keep up appearances for the dull conversation she was being forced into. She managed to stop the flow after about ten seconds, having to quickly uncross and recross her legs and hold with her other hand as well. A stubborn trickle snuck into her panties too, making her swallow. Another made her grind down against her palm and fingers. And Hermione gasped.

“Huh? What?” Colin questioned.

“No, its...you're right...I think that too,” she said lamely, heart hammering in her chest. It was a good save, and he rambled on while Hermione inwardly panicked. Her panties hadn't dried, they were damp and warm where she touched them. Don't tell me...don't tell me they're already at their limit! Its only lunch!

She bit her lip as another spurt soaked into her panties. The dampness increased, but she wasn't leaking. She didn't feel quite wet yet. But she didn't want to experiment like this in front of everyone. She made a hasty excuse to Colin and apologized as she quickly left the table. Warm dribbles of pee seeped out with every step she took until she found herself hiding in the secret alcove behind a suit of armor near the front door. Breathing heavily she tucked herself against the far wall, shifting her weight rapidly from one foot to the other and bouncing as she pulled up her skirt- just in case.

“Haaa...aaah...ohhh I have to pee, I have to pee, I have to pee~!” she moaned softly to herself as she did her potty dance.

“Mmmm...!” she squeaked, legs crossing as she doubled over, her free hand supporting herself on the wall. A strong stream of pee soaked into her panties.

“Aaaaaaaaaaaah....” she sighed in bliss as she gave in, slowly spreading her legs out from their crossed position as her eyes fluttered closed. It felt so good to let it flow at full force like that. She rest her head against the wall and looked down at herself, watching her panties slowly grow from damp, to wet, to glistening. She realized with a whimper that the panties were at their limit, but she couldn't stop. Her flow was forceful and strong and moments later it burst out the center of her panties. The stream sprayed against the wall and flowed down to the floor, trickles of pee running down her legs as a puddle spread below her. She was shaking with relief and pleasure when she was done, her panties completely soaked and dripping. She stepped gingerly out of her mess, shifting a little as adjusted her leaky underwear. She still had to wait until after dinner for Draco to change her...

