HARRY+ DRACO serialized novel - Page 2

Author: Ranma23

*025*2012-03-01 14:49

{{:

Geez, I love your story :D

<3

}}

I love working with you!

^_^

*027*2012-03-03 00:24

{{:

I really like the updates :)

}}

Thank you. having an editor makes me feel more confident i guess i am writing more thean before. also this story is taking me so much! and I am trying to make it go on for many chapters!

I whish you could read the whole thing edited before this new chapters! I'll be reposting them soon! thanks to KayLeigh the super editor! working together is real fun!

*028*2012-03-08 14:13

Chapter 9

I feel it in the darkness

I've got to feel it sometimes

Following the street lamps

Wondering how we're every meant to hide

(Grouper: Alien observer)

FOR NOW I NEED YOUR HIDDEN LOVE

Harry, Ron and Hermione ran out of the castle, heading down to the lake under the invisibility cloak.

As they got close to the lake, the temperature fell noticeably.

"Brrrr" Ron shivered "I don't like it here... The Dementors are supposed to be guarding the castle. Maybe we should go back"

"Shut up, Ron!" whispered Hermione, without noticing the hurt expression on Ron's face.

Harry was checking the map "They’re further down… there"

Suddenly frozen grass cracked under their feet, and Harry looked down. Before he could turn around, he heard a loud scream and his head felt heavy.

"Harry!" cried Hermione, as she realized that a Dementor was right behind them. The invisibility cloak flew off them and the dark floating creature leaned on Harry.

He was feeling so weak, he couldn't move a muscle, and he fell to the ground trying to fight against the scream echoing inside his head. He tried to reach for his wand but either he couldn't find it or he had forgotten where it was. He didn’t even know what the word ‘wand’ meant anymore.

Ron, in the mean time, had jumped on Hermione, protecting her with his body while another Dementor was trying to snatch his soul out of him.

Harry was on the edge of passing out when a blinding glow lit the night. He saw a mighty white unicorn galloping towards him. The beast jumped over them and pushed away the dementors.

Harry closed his eyes and felt warm and relaxed, then he saw the unicorn again, and smiled at it, before receiving a slap across the face.

"Harry!" Hermione looked terrified as she shook, "Ron isn’t waking up!"

Harry stood up, staggering, and reached Ron. He shook him, slapped his face and called his name but he wouldn’t move.

"He was protecting me..." Hermione looked down sadly.

Harry looked at Hermione worriedly, and touched Ron's neck. "His heart is still beating "

"Help.." moaned Ron, shaking

"Ron!" Screamed Hermione "Are you ok?" she leant on him.

"No... " he said faintly, trying to sit up.

Hermione smiled and hugged him.

Harry sighed, wishing they had brought some chocolate.

"Take some of this" Hermione handed him a chocolate bar.

"Wow, did you really think about it?" Harry looked at her in surprise, and took a piece.

"Of course. We know that there have been Dementors all over the place since the beginning of the year! Don't you think of bringing some chocolate when you leave the castle?"

Hermione gave the chocolate to Ron, while Harry picked up the cloak and covered them and himself again.

"Who's Patronus was that anyway?" mumbled Harry, talking more to himself than anyone else.

"What about potatoes?" asked Ron in confusion, trying to walk straight.

"The Unicorn" said Hermione "that was a very powerful one, It's probably Professor Lupin's."

"Since when do you know anything about the patronus spell?" Harry looked at Hermione, who just looked at him crossly.

"Even though haven't been taught to cast a Patronus, that doesn't mean I haven't been reading up about everything regarding the Dementors, since they’re so close to us!"

"Of course.." Said Harry, feeling rather ashamed for not being able to use his freshly learned Patronus spell to help his friends.

Luckily someone else did. Was that really Lupin's Patronus?

Did he see them? Or he was just defendng himself from the Dementors?

Or..

"Of course!" repeated Harry, "Lupin is teaching the Patronus spell to Draco!"

"Really?" said Hermione, who was now felling left behind.

If Draco had suffered in his childhood like Harry did, he was surely in danger next to the Dementors. In order to find one, of course Lupin would have to go to the lake, because Draco's Boggart wouldn't turn into a Dementor.

Actually, he didn't even get to do the practice exercise with the Boggart, because Lupin had dismissed the class earlier that day. Harry wondered what Draco's Boggart could turn into.

"So the unicorn is a spell against the Dementors?" asked Ron

"Yes" answered Hermione " It's called a Patronus, and it's supposed to take the shape of the caster's animal spitual guide...Everyone's is different" she added.

"So that might be Malfoy's patronus. The white unicorn, like the one in the picture" said Ron

"what picture?" asked Harry

"In Malfoy's memory, I saw a picture, actually.... a painting, of a white unicorn. And I saw it more than once" said Ron, trying to be helpful

"Wow, you have good memory! I didn't remember that!" exclaimed Hermione

Harry thought about it and suddenly remembered the painting on the wall. He also remembered that he felt like he knew that painting already, and it was so familiar that his brain didn't record it as an important thing to remember.

While Harry was taken with his thoughts, Hermione saw someone far away "There they are!" she whispered pointing at Lupin and Draco, who were sitting on a big stone in front of the lake.

They approached them, and tried to get as close as possible without making any noise. They had already noticed that professor Lupin had really sensitive hearing.

"Can you hear what they say?" asked Harry

"Sshhh!" said Hermione, concentrating.

Remus turned to Draco, who was slowly eating the chocolate in small bites. He was still so embarrassed that he couldn't really make eye contact with the teacher.

Remus kept looking at him like he was reading his mind, then he lifted a hand and quickly ruffled his pale blond hair before standing up.

Draco stopped still and tensed at the contact.

"You should relax" Said Lupin "come on let's go back to the castle"

"Yes, Sir" Draco glanced up to the teacher with his head still down, then stood up and followed him.

"They’re coming this way! Don't move!" whispered Hermione

Harry and Ron flattened themselves against a stone while Draco and Lupin were passing by.

Harry noticed that Draco's eyes were wet. He shook as the blonde turned around, looking directly into his eyes and stopped, wand in his hand, like he heard something, then he looked around and kept walking.

The three kids held their breath, and then sighed when Draco moved foward.

###

Hermione sat on the sofa of the common room. She hadn't eat much at dinner and neither did Harry or Ron. After the Dementor's meeting, their stomachs were very upset. She noticed Draco had left the table early and didn't eat much either.

"I’m confused" Harry sat down beside her.

Hermione looked at him.

"I'll tell you what happened; I alarmed Dumbledore today, when I left the library. Draco was shattered after his father's visit. I guess Dumbledore asked Lupin to teach him the Patronus, because it’s sort of a therapy for the wizard who performs it, and sometimes, even the people standing around will benefit from that. Plus; this tells us that Dumbledore knows about his real mother and her death. Remember what professor Lupin told to you when he taught you the Patronus? Because of your traumatic memories, you guys are sitting ducks for the Dementors."

Harry sat there listening to Hermione's overworking brain, and realized that she was on the same path as him. He also noticed she was being a lot more caring towards Draco after the divination class.

"Hey, by the way, I can't find my cat. Have you seen it?" Hermione suddenly stated, her voice sounding worn out.

Harry shook his head "No.."

Ron entrered the painting and walked over to them.

"I’m going to bed..." he mumbled tiredly.

“Night" replied Harry and Hermione in unison, both their voices sounding flat.

Ron looked at them, and thought that not even Moaning Myrtle ever had such a devastated look on her face.

###

Draco was lying in his bed, curtains closed around him, his face leaning on his arm, lightly brushing the soft red fur of Crookshanks with his hand. The cat had snicked into the Slytherin dorm and in his room silently.

He kept thinking about the screaming and sobs he had heard and trying to place them with a memory.

He could remember the day his mother died; he’d been dragged away and locked in his room by his father, then passed the whole day and the night there, banging on the door and screaming, even though no one came in. But still... That wasn’t his own voice he’d heard.

He remembered wetting himself at some point, because he hadn’t been able to get out for hours.

That day was the last time he had cried before this year...

"What's wrong with me?" He whispered to himself.

Maybe Dumbledore was right, and he should have tried to follow his instincts and choose his own path for life.

Right now though, he had one clear instinct; towards Hermione. But even so, he was feeling something strongly tying his soul to someone else...Potter. He knew he couldn’t be friends with Potter, because the Dark lord's plan wouldn’t allow that.

Being around Potter or Hermione so much wasn’t making life easy for him. He would have to explore his feellings in secret, and try to make sure it looked like he was behaving the way the Dark Lord and his father wanted him to.

###

The day after, during Herbology class, Hermione and Draco got paired from a casual Teacher's choice, for the 2 hours exercise.

They were sitting on a stone, in the big botanical glasshouse of the castle, ripping tiny leaves off some branch.

For the first half-hour, they only glanced at each other from time to time without saying a word.

Then Hermione suddenly remembered something. She took a notebook from her bag and handed it to Draco. "You forgot this yesterday"

Draco looked into her eyes for a long moment, then took the notebook and put it beside him.

"Thank you" he said quietly, already back to his work.

They were tying together some plant that needed to be dried and conserved in small wraps when Hermione noticed that Draco's hands were shaking.

He stood up to get more cord, and suddenly regretted not having used the bathroom before class. The last time he did was around 8 that morning and at it was almost 5 pm now, not to mention that he had drank a lot at lunch.

He struggled a bit to stand straight, bending slightly at the waist.

Hermione noticed it and sighed.

As he sat back on the rock, she leaned towards him "Draco, how...." But he turned to her in annoyance said "Granger, please!"

Hermione went back to her work, a little upset.

The teacher was walking around checking on the students. An hour passed by while everyone was working in silence, and the teacher was talking to the class about the plants they were preparing.

Harry was paired with Pansy, but he kept glancing over at Draco, and noticed that he was uncomfortable. He realized Pansy was looking at Draco too. Then he looked at Ron, who had been paired with Neville, and saw that he couldn't take his eyes off Hermione.

Draco shifted around on his seat, fighting with the tiny wrap of leaves. Hermione watched him moving between standing and sitting at least five times, trying to look busy around the glasshouse, but she knew that he didn't really need to get up to reach the tools he was using.

He sat back and continued working, when suddenly, he leaned his hands on the stone at his sides and bent forward a bit, pressing his thighs together with his face slightly contracted. He cursed silently; he really had to go, but the class was far from being dismissed. He checked the time- still 20 minutes. He couldn’t even begin to calculate how long 20 minutes was going to be in this state! Any wait was too long of a wait, regardless of how long it was.

"Draco, why don't you just ask to leave the class?" Hermione whispered to him

"I am not going to ask that, and this conversation ends here!" Draco tried to make his voice sound cold, but his nervousness leaked through, and he lost his grip on a wrap of herbs, which then exploded in his hands.

He cursed in a low voice, and picked up the leaves, then turned his back on her, his leg bouncing slightly while he kept on with his work.

The teacher walked at their side "well done Miss Granger" she smiled, and then turned to Draco "Mr Malfoy, this wrap is missing the Red Leaf and this one is missing the Claudius Flower. Please pay more attention to what you're doing"

"Yes, madam. I'm sorry" Said Draco, his straining now visible.

So he stretched his legs in front of himself and crossed them.

"Go ahead! Ask her!" whispered Hermione, as the teacher was walking away "Anyone can tell you have to pee really badly!"

"Stop it, Granger! I don't need your baby-sitting!" he muttered between clenched teeth, his narrowed look very convincing.

Hermione decided that talking to him wasn’t going to work, but she couldn't stop looking at him. This time, however, she noticed that he was a little more obvious than before.

Occasionally, he would stop working and squirm, whilst trying to maintain as much composure as possible.

"OK now" said the teacher "bring all your basket here on the marble table!”

Draco took a long breath before standing up. He felt like his bladder had been uncapped after having been sitting down for so long, and he stiffly walked over to the table, obviously in pain. When he got there, he almost thought he might pass out from stress.

He put the basket on the marble, then shoved both his hands in his pockets bending forward and pressing his crotch, sighing.

Harry, who had been looking at him for the entire lesson, glanced at Hermione, worried.

Draco managed to stand up straight, but then he leaned back on the wall next to the table and tried to cross his legs casually.

His eyes watered, his expression was worried, and he kept biting his lip while inconspicuously squirming. He knew he was totally past his limit, and it would be agony to hold for the last 5 minutes.

The teacher smiled at the class and stated "I will check the baskets and as I am done, you are dismissed couple by couple. "

Draco died a little inside when he realized that him and Hermione were the last couple.

He didn't change his position though, he just tried to concentrate on holding and noting else.

Harry sighed~ he was the third to be checked, and after that he had to run from class for the meeting with his quidditch team.

While the teacher was checking their work, Draco was almost having hallucinations, his bladder screaming for relief. He couldn't think about anything but the sweet release of peeing. His muscles were pulsing under the pressure, and he was shaking to keep in control. Hermione was looking at him, hoping that he wouldn’t wet himself in front of the teacher.

As the teacher dismissed them, he dashed out the door, and walked as fast as he could, whimpering with every step at the effort of holding. Finally, he gripped his crotch and arrived to the end of the hallway.

As he turned the corner, he saw the door of the bathroom and went straight to it, but as he tried to open it, he realized it was locked. Someone inside said "busy!"

" ffffuck!" Draco muttered, throwing his bag to the ground and pacing back and forth from one side of the hallway to the other all the while, looking around for another bathroom, alas there was none. He stopped and crossed his legs, then nervously went back to pacing back and forth.

Hermione turned the corner and saw him kicking the wall and cursing in frustration, with his hand gripping his crotch.

"What's going on?" she asked without getting an answer. She tried to open the door of the bathroom, but the person inside again replied with “busy!”.

Hermione then looked at Draco, worried. He was restlessly stomping his feet on the floor and whimpering, his eyes full of tears.

"GET OUT!" he shouted, kicking the door of the bathroom.

Hermione blushed. She was feeling kindof excited, seeing him like this, but she didn't want to be excited. She was worried, and hoped she could do something for him.

Draco kept walking from the wall to the door, lifting his knees up and down, hand clenched to his crotch. He kicked the wall again, and leaned back on it, but couldn't stand still for a second. The pressure was so strong, that he needed to move around to help his muscles work right.

"uh! ....I must go!..Now!" he said bending forward, and kicked the door of the bathroom again "Goddamn it! Hurry up!" he shouted angrily and sank on his knees to the ground, gripping himself frantically

"I'm gonna pee my pants!" he muttered between clenched teeth.

The door opened.

"I'm sorry " said Nevill looking at Draco kneeling on the ground.

Draco growled, then stood up and pushed Neville violently out of the way crossing the door.

"Nice as always, Malfoy!" huffed Neville, rubbing his arm, and walking away.

Hermione shrugged her shoulders, watching Neville leave, then she heard the sound of water hitting the floor, and peeked inside the open door of the bathroom.

Draco had managed to free himself on the way to the toilet, and not a second too early, but he also had began to pee uncontrollably all over the floor before reaching the bowl.

Hermione backed up, closed the door, and leaned on the wall outside, next to it. She blushed and then shook as she heard a noise down the empty hallway, but when she looked around, no one was there.

Draco sighed, leaning a hand on the wall while the forceful stream was hitting the ceramic, enjoying the feeling of his bladder slowly emptying.

After he was done, he spelled the floor clean and was glad that he didn't need to dry his pants out.

He washed his hands and left the bathroom, then picked his bag up off the floor and walked away, completely ignoring Hermione.

After about ten steps, he stopped but didn't turn around, and sighed.

He heard Hermione walking toward him, and her arms suddenly wrapped around his waist from behind, her body and head leaning on his back.

"You're going to hurt yourself this way..." she said quietly.

"I don't care" snapped Draco

But in that moment he felt like was absorbing all the good energy of that hug. He felt so comfortable and warm, almost like he wanted to sleep. Off-hand, he remembered his mother, and the way she used to hold him… The tenderness of her hands on his face, the warmth of her voice.

Hermione realized he wasn’t refusing the hug, but he also didn't move a muscle toward her. She had to fight with her will to let go of him and walk away.

Draco remained there for a moment longer. As she let go, he lost the vivid memory of his mother.

He walked through the hallway alone, and took the stairs up to the castle.

A door, in the deserted hallway opened slowly. Ron peeked out, his eyes full of tears.

###

"Can we go tonight?" Hermione asked Harry as they ate dinner.

"I'll check the map later" said Harry absent mindedly, then biting a suasage and added "Where is Ron?"

"I don't know" Hermione replied. She was very curious to see what memory was in Draco's tears this time, and although she was not excited about seeing Voldemort's face again, she really wanted to solve the mystery surrounding the blonde Slytherin.

Later on, sitting in the common room, Harry and Hermione were still wondering where Ron was.

"He didn't even show up at dinner.." said Hermione worriedly.

"Let me check our room" Harry climbed the stairs up and entered the room. The curtains around Ron's bed were closed. He walked to it and called "Ron are you there?"

"Yes" replied Ron, in a muffled voice.

"Are you ok?" asked Harry "you didn't come to dinner"

"No" was the short reply.

Harry opened the curtain and moved closer. Ron was lying with his head under the pillow.

"What's going on?" asked Harry

Ron took the pillow out of his face, and Harry realized he had a black eye. "What happened to you?”

"I fell from the stairs" said Ron.

"Really? What stairs?" asked Harry, checking his eye closer "Did you put something on it?"

"Nope" Ron sat up on his bed. "Harry, do you think Hermione likes me?"

Harry sighed still looking at his eye, "...I guess she does. But, why are you asking me?"

Ron sighed loudly "...ok, I didn't fall from the stairs."

"What then?" Harry knit his eyebrows

"I had a fight" replied Ron gravely.

“who with?”

"don't tell this to Hermione, please!"

"I promise"

"with Malfoy"

"what?"

"you heard it"

Harry had seen Draco at dinner and he was looking kind of upset. But since that was almost his everyday's look he didn't notice anything. He was massaging his face though...

Ron sighed and sank back into his pillow. "I started it, I attacked him and he just knocked me down"

Harry remembered Hermione looking at Draco, a bit more than usual, during dinner.

"Why would you do that?" asked Harry sadly

"I saw her hugging him"

Harry felt cold inside. "What? When? Hermione?"

"After herbology class, I've been hiding in the hallway."

Harry looked at the ground "Do you think they are.."

"I don't know! I hope not... and what about that whole deal with falling in love? Is she trying to kill him?"

Harry sighed loudly "I don't think so. Maybe she just has a crush on him..."

"ah.." said Ron with a suicidal face.

"We’re going to Dumbledore's office tonight, to check on that memory Hermione found. Wanna come?" Harry tried to lighten the mood.

Ron just growled and put his head under the pillow again.

"Should I take that as a 'no'?" asked Harry confused.

###

Hermione and Harry crawled up the stairs to Dumbledore's office, hidden by the invisibility cloak. They got opened the door with a spell, and went inside.

“Oh no!” Said Harry, with surprise, “The penesive is gone!”

....To be continued

*030*2012-03-10 09:59

{{:

Thank you! I've waited ages for a Draco omo fic! This is one of my favorites!

}}

Thank you!! I am very happy that you liked it!

I'll post next chapter soon!

*032*2012-03-10 23:17

{{:

I like your story :) can't wait for the next chapter.

}}

Thank you so much! I will update soon, I promise!

*033*2012-03-10 23:28

I've just found this. I don't know enough japanese to tell what it says, but the drawings made me think about Draco and Hermione in the lift, in my Chapter 7 ! I had to share this!

*035*2012-03-11 15:47

{{:

Excellent story! I read it all the way through from start to finish today. I didn't read it before because of all the yayoi lately, and afraid it might be related. I'm glad I decided to read it though. It's wonderfully done!

}}

I actually hoped to get all the old chapter edited before any one could read it! It would definitely sound better..

Thank you for reading and for the positive feedback!

*036*2012-03-12 22:36

Creative Editor KayLeigh

Chapter 10

I had a hole in the middle

Where the lightning went through it

Told my friends not to worry

I had a hole in the middle

Someone's sideshow wouldn't do it

I told my friends not to worry

Didn't want to be your ghost

Didn't want to be anyone's ghost

(Arcade Fire: anyone's ghost)

ANYONE'S GHOST

After breakfast, Hermione and Harry were walking on the high bridge outside the castle.

"He won't talk to me!" complained Hermione

"Leave him alone, he'll get over it" said Harry, absent minded

"Over what? I don't even understand what’s going on with him!" she replied nervously

"Whatever it is... it will pass." said Harry, looking far away over the mountains and sighing.

But Ron just kept ignoring her. Harry had to play along with him, pretending that he had actually fallen down the stairs. He didn't want to tell Hermione about his friend's troubles, as he was sure that, in the end, everything would be okay. He was, however, worried for Draco, who was visibly depressed, and for Hermione, who was going about life without as much caution as usual.

Later in the day, between lunch and transfiguration class, Harry was resting on his bed when Ron entered the room, and threw himself onto his bed, sighing.

"How are you?" asked Harry, his face pressed into his pillow.

Ron sighed loudly, like he was fighting back tears.

"I hate him!" his voice was obviously strained.

"Who? Dra..Malfoy?" Harry guessed, unsure why he felt the need to call Draco ‘Malfoy’ around Ron.

"Yes!" exclaimed Ron, getting up from his bed and pacing around the room, "Come on Harry! He’s always been an asshole to us! Don't you remember the past two years? He’s a bossy, cowardly, twat! And now he's Hermione's little baby! I noticed how she looks after him! How did this happen?"

Harry was astonished; he had never seen Ron so mad. He was right, Draco had been a real prick for the past two years, but Harry had always seen something in the depth of his eyes when the blonde was mocking him and insulting his friends; Harry could see the sorrow he was hiding inside, and his attitude was all he had to ease his pain. He was obviously raised to act like that at the price of his freedom.

"He's actually not that bad..." Harry thought aloud.

"What?! Are you kidding me? You should have seen him yesterday, when he did this to me!" Ron burst out, pointing at his black eye, "I run up the stairs behind him, and he turns around and sees me. I’m so mad, I don’t even think about what I’m doing, so I reach him and punch him in the face. He stands there for a second, holding his face and looking at me like I’m an idiot, then he says "Weasel, if you dare touch me again, I will break your hand!". I lift up my arm to punch him again, but he stops me and punches me back. I fell down the stairs and he didn't even stop to see if I was okay! He just left me there!"

Harry was listening with his mouth agape, and at the end he hid a smile. Ron was really overreacting, and Harry looked at him with tenderness. "Ron, I know he’s an asshole, there's no doubt about it, but he lost his mother about 3 years ago, his father is crazy and violent, and to top it off, he's a dark wizard as well. I can’t even begin to imagine being in that kind of negative and obscure environment for so long..." Then he stopped and thought about the Dursleys, and let out a sigh.

"He’s just like his father!" Ron shouted, almost at breaking point.

"No he isn’t, he just needs help!" retorted Harry.

He felt like he was closer to Draco, but there was no way Ron could know that. He had to choose his words carefully.

"You! Last year you would have fought with him if he dared to lay a finger on Hermione or I, and now what? You’re making excuses for him!"

Harry jumped up from his bed, "Ron, he is NOT a bad person. He just wants everybody to think he is!"

"You and Hermione are just falling into his trap! You feel tenderness towards him because he lost his mother! So what? That doesn't make him a good person, does it? And it doesn’t give him the right to be excused! He’s using his mother's death to do what he wants!"

"Losing your mother is not an easy thing, Ron. I hope you will never know that kind of pain." Harry said darkly.

Ron sighed and lowered his head. "Sorry, I wasn't thinking…"

"It's fine..." said Harry, still tense, "I'll see you in class" then he left the room.

"I swear, I am going to make that asshole pee his pants in front of everybody, next time I have the chance!" growled Ron between gritted teeth.

*a few days later*

Draco looked out of the classroom's window; snow had begun to whiten the forest and the mountains. He sighed and turned back to the desk as professor Snape entered the class.

"Today, we are using this classroom as the dungeon is full of sixth year students. We have all we need here, and the lesson will follow the usual course. Now open your books to page 45"

Draco glanced at Hermione, who was busy opening her book. She was sitting next to another girl and Harry and Ron were sitting a few rows behind her.

After that day in herbology class, Hermione hadn't had another chance to talk to him, and he wasn’t giving her the chance either.

He had decided that he didn't want to create any excuse for her to be around him. He missed her a little, but was too afraid of what his father could do to her. He could also feel the Weasel breathing down his neck.

Harry noticed that Draco was looking at Hermione, and so did Ron, who crushed his pencil in rage.

"Calm down!" Harry whispered to him.

"As soon as you are done writing down these ingredients, please go to your work tables and start working on the potion. " said Snape

After a few minutes everybody went to the tables. Ron was furious when he realized the last free space was next to Malfoy.

"I'm not dying to stand next to you either, Weasel" muttered Draco, when he saw the disgusted look on Ron’s face.

"I bet you aren't." Ron replied coldly.

"Back to work, you two!" snapped Snape

Hermione turned to Harry with a questioning look, but he just shrugged his shoulders and kept working. He was on the other side of Ron, working silently on his potion, and glancing at Draco and Ron from time to time.

Ron was now completely consumed with his plan, and kept furtively glancing at Draco, trying to pick up some signs of desperation, praying that it would happen early into the lesson.

He noticed that Malfoy was shifting his weight from time to time, but that wasn’t enough. Everybody at the table was doing that occasionally.

He continued to watch him as he walked over to the shelves to get the required ingredients, but he didn't pick up on any weird movement.

After about 45 minutes, He noticed Draco casually crossing his legs while standing and slicing a root on the table, although that could have just been a casual position anyway.

Maybe, he thought, it wasn’t the right time; But he had been following the blonde all day, and didn't see him use the bathroom once, not even after lunch. He had left him to go to the bathroom himself, but Draco was already going into a classroom at that point. Ron was feeling very subtle and mean, but he did have a good cause to pursue, and he would be as nasty as necessary to pull this off.

1 hour and a half into the class, and Malfoy was still perfectly composed, though a little restless in his own way.

Pansy Parkinson walked over to professor Snape, "Sir, the mermaid sweat is finished"

Snape took the empty bottle from her hands. "It was just enough for everyone... this means someone has used the wrong amount" he watched as the students began nervously checking their potions.

"I will be right back. Don’t make a sound" then he exited the room

Ron was distracted, and a piece of the root he was cutting jumped off his cutting board and into Draco's potion, which suddenly bubbled and changed colour.

"What are you doing, you stupid weasel?" Draco snapped, looking at him angrily

"I haven't done anything!" Ron protested, trying to hide his embarrassment.

"I saw you! You dropped something in my potion!" snarled Draco

"No I didn’t!" replied Ron

Draco grabbed him by his shirt "How dare you?"

"Hey, let him go!" yelled Harry

"Shut up, you dumb scar head!" Draco yelled back, the comment hurting Harry more than he knew.

Ron was pale but he didn't lose his temper. Instead, he tried to smile and whispered "Look at you! You’re just like your crazy, violent father!"

The look on Draco’s face changed, becoming scarier, and Ron winced, clearly expecting a punch.

"Miserable” whispered Draco shaking his head, and then he let him go, letting Ron fall to the ground.

He swore that he had seen Draco’s eyes glow red.

Draco quickly drew his wand, and pointed it at Ron's face.

"Take it back"

"Draco, stop." Harry tried to keep Draco calm, but was ready to draw his wand if needbe.

"You can’t make me stop!" said Draco, pointing his wand at Harry

"Expelliarmus!" yelled Hermione, and Draco's wand flew to the ground

"You!" cried Draco in anger

Ron tackled the blonde, and their two cauldrons fell from the table, spilling over them. Harry tried to stop Ron, who was pinning Draco to the ground. Hermione went around the table to try and help Harry, and all the other students, even Crabbe and Goyle, were staring at the scene unfolding before their eyes, frozen to the spot.

Snape entered the classroom, and upon seeing the fight and the mess, he slammed the door shut, making everybody jump and stop what they were doing.

He walked over to the four kids. First of all, he cleaned the potion from the ground and from their clothes, then he examined the scene and said, "Potter, Weasley, Malfoy and Granger. Stay after class for a two hour detention. Now finish you potions or make it again" he gestured at the empty and clean cauldrons belonging to Draco and Ron, then walked back to his desk.

The four kids went back to their work. The tension between them was so strong that all the other students were glancing at them, like the fighting would restart at any moment.

Ron noticed Draco's eyes were shining. For a moment, he thought he might have hurt him in the fight, and he was proud of it, but then he remembered that he had just landed with his arm on his lower abdomen, and the kid had growled in pain. Maybe he made the right move this time. His lips curved into an evil half-smile, one that was typical of Malfoy, but this time he felt like it suited him perfectly.

He saw the blond lightly sniffing at his side, and moving around a bit more than before, constantly shifting his weight and lightly swinging his knees.

Draco was furious with Harry; he had to have said something to Ron. How else would Weasley have found out about his father being so violent? All the things that Harry might have said to Ron ran through Draco’s mind, and he shuddered at the thought.

###

Class was dismissed.

Snape ordered the four kids to sit in a row of desks, and wrote on the chalkboard. He saw that the three Gryffindors were sitting together, but Draco had taken a seat three desks from Ron.

"I want you to write an essay on this topic. Don’t make a sound and when you’re done, you can explain to me why you were fighting like children on the floor. I will be next door for a few minutes. Needless to say, you are not allowed to leave the room without permission, and with that, please consign your wands"

The kids stood up one by one, putting their wands on Snape’s desk, then he took them with him when he left the room.

"Thanks, Malfoy!" smirked Ron.

Draco didn't answer. He just kept his composure and continued to write in his notebook silently.

"Ron.." whispered, Hermione shaking her head

He ignored her, yet noticed that Draco had quickly glanced at her while keeping his head down.

Half an hour into the detention, Harry was shifting nervously on his seat.

"Are you ok?" asked Hermione

"I really need to go to the bathroom!" replied Harry, swinging his legs "I wonder where Snape is?"

The professor had come back, and after checking on them, had left again.

At this information, Hermione looked over at Draco "I don’t think you’re the only one…" she pointed her chin to Draco when Harry turned to her.

He was sitting stiffly, with his left hand gripping the side of the chair.

Hermione noticed the bracelet on his wrist falling out of his sleeve, and recalled the kiss in the bathroom, then sighed.

"Hermione" whispered Harry " I think I need to go find Snape, I really have to pee"

Hermione watched him bouncing his legs, then glanced back at Draco, slightly shaking and biting his lip.

"I'll go look for him. You figure out a way to bring Draco with you"

"Ok, thanks" sighed Harry.

As Hermione left, he gave it a squeeze to try and ease the pressure.

" Where did she go?" asked Ron

"Looking for Snape. I have to pee really badly!" muttered Harry, bending forward.

Ron looked at him, then glanced at Draco. "Apparently he does too." He was pleased.

"Yeah, but he won’t ask to leave the classroom" said Harry shaking his head, then he stood up gripping his crotch, and walked around the class. "Oh Merlin! I have to pee!" He made his voice a little louder than need be to try and see Draco’s reaction.

The blonde looked up at him, "Interesting, Potter! If you don't mind, I’m trying to concentrate on my essay!"

Harry sighed. It hadn’t worked, though, what was he expecting? Draco saying he had to pee in front of Ron?...He would probably rather die before doing that!

In that moment, Hermione re-entered the class, "Harry! Snape was mad at me for leaving the class, and he said none of us can leave until he's back"

Harry stomped his feet on the ground impatiently, "shit! I can't wait!"

Draco glared at him. "Shut up, Potter!"

"Yes Professor Malfoy!" snapped Harry sarcastically

"Screw you" Draco said through gritted teeth, his voice low and cold.

Harry paced around the classroom, trying to hold on. He peeked through the door to see if Snape was coming.

"Where is he?" he looked back at Hermione.

"I found him in the hallway, talking to Professor McGonagall"

"He’ll understand, I’ll go look for him"

"Don't Harry, he was really mad! He took 5 points!"

"5 points?! What am I supposed to do? Pee my pants for 5 points?" replied Harry nervously, squeezing his crotch and blushing.

Ron was scanning Malfoy from where he sat; his leg had started to bounce slightly, and he shuddered occasionally. His narrowed eyes gave away the fact that holding it was now a painful procedure.

Harry also looked over at Draco, trying to think of something that would convince him to leave the class, but he was so stubborn! And Harry was having troubles just concentrating.

Snape finally came back and found himself in front of Harry, who was jumping in place, and trying not to hold his crotch.

"What are you doing Potter?"

"Sir, may I be excused please?" Harry shook

"Go" he replied flatly, realizing just what the problem was. The kid ran out the door.

Hermione noticed that Draco was straightening up on the chair, taking a more composed position as Snape reached his desk.

"Keep on working" Snape looked at Hermione.

The three of them were writing silently.

Ron was gazing at Draco, rather pleased that he hadn’t asked to leave the room. He would have liked the whole class to witness this, but just telling everyone that he had witnessed Draco wet himself would be quite effective too; It would make such a good story!

Draco was popular because of his father, but was nasty to everyone, and had a lot of undeclared enemies among all houses of Hogwarts.

"Mr Weasley, are you finished?" asked Snape, seeing that he was distracted.

Ron jumped in surprise, saying "Hem, no Sir!" then continued to correct what he had just written.

Harry came back with a very relaxed face. He sat back in his place, and saw Hermione glancing over at Draco.

"He’s busting!" she whispered to Harry in the lowest voice she could muster

"Miss Granger, keep quiet" Snape glared at her

"I'm sorry Sir!" She replied, then she wrote on the side of her paper and elbowed Harry.

_ should I speak for him?_

Harry widened his eyes, then subtly shook his head.

_he's not going to make it, just look at him!_ she wrote again

_ That’s up to him. Anyway, I doubt he would want you to do that_ Harry wrote back.

Hermione remembered that Draco had thanked her at the library, when she helped him with getting to the bathroom in time.

_Actually, I can do better than speak for him!_ She scribbled, and winked at Harry.

He shuddered, hoping that she wasn’t going to do something embarrassing, like last time in Divination class.

Hermione straightened her back and looked at professor Snape. The teacher realized this after a while, and glanced at her once, then a second time suspiciously, and he saw her moving her eyes in a weird way towards her right.

"Something wrong, Miss Granger?" asked Snape, and all eyes turned on her, even Draco.

"Ha... No... Sorry! A fly was just bothering me!" she said in embarrassment.

"What ARE you doing?" asked Harry in confusion

"I was trying to point him out!" said Hermione, not moving her lips as she spoke.

Ron frowned at her.

Hermione tried again. As soon as Snape looked at her, she pointed a sneaky finger at Draco.

"Miss Granger, what is your problem? Would you please speak up?"

The other three looked at her again. In that moment Draco squirmed violently, but managed to pass it off as shifting on his chair. His eyes were watery, but he kept his face down.

Hermione stood up, embarrassed "I'd say that we cannot stay four hours inside a classroom, without having a break"

"Do you need a break miss Granger? Go ahead" replied Snape

Hermione sighed, "I mean, all of us should get a break" and she moved her eyes to Draco.

The blond gave her an icy glare.

"You are allowed to ask if you need to leave the room, but this is detention Miss Granger, not a picnic. Do I have to remind you what happened just before, in class?"

Hermione was upset and annoyed that Snape couldn’t seem to understand what she was trying to say, so she sat down and said, "I'm sorry" then kept working on her paper.

###

One hour and a half into the detention, Draco was having some serious issues with keeping his composure.

He was swinging his leg left and right from time to time, and gripping the chair like mad. His back was stiff, and his face slightly contracted. Not to mention, his eyes were welling up with tears.

Hermione looked at him worriedly, then glanced at Snape, and had an idea. She crunched up a sheet of paper, and stood up to go over to the bin. In doing that, she passed by Draco's desk and purposely hit his inkwell, making it fall from the desk and smash on the ground.

"Oh, sorry!" she said

Draco looked up at her and cursed silently. The last thing he needed was to stand up. He wished he had his wand, but suddenly Snape reversed the event with a spell.

"Miss Granger please pay attention"

"Thank you Sir" said Draco. His voice was strained.

"You’re welcome,” said Snape and he looked at him a little closer as he lowered his head back to his work.

Hermione smiled; Snape's attention finally was on Draco, and he realized that something was wrong with him.

She saw him looking at the kid intensely, like he was reading his mind, and that was exactly what Snape was trying to do, but to no avail.

Ron cursed inside his head. The blonde was so close to wetting himself! He hoped that Snape wouldn't say anything.

"Mr Malfoy" said Snape quietly "Are you all right?"

Draco tensed at these words, but didn't look up "Yes, Sir"

Harry and Hermione exchanged a glance.

Ron kept himself from smiling, and didn't look up.

"Then why do you look like you’re suffering?" Snape pressed.

"It’s nothing Sir, I’m fine" answered Draco, but his voice trembled.

Snape didn't believe him.

Harry and Hermione were watching the conversation like one would watch a ping-pong match.

Snape went back to his work and so did Draco.

Hermione kept glancing at both of them, and realized that Snape was secretly observing Draco.

In fact, after another minute, he stood up and walked over to the blond.

"Mr Malfoy, please stand up and follow me"

Draco looked like someone had just insulted him. He glanced down at Snape's legs, and tensed in his seat.

He knew that Snape didn't like to discuss his orders, and he was feeling embarrassed in front of the others, so he stood up slowly, as not to lose control of his muscles, and walked after him whilst digging one hand into his pocket.

Hermione and Harry sighed.

Ron looked at the scene, annoyed that he would have to wait for another chance. All in all, Hermione had done exactly the opposite of what she had intended; Draco had been humiliated anyway.

Snape reached the door of the bathroom and stopped in front of it, then opened it and looked at Draco, who had stopped and tried to stand still, but shaking like a leaf

"Go ahead" Said Snape, motioning inside

Draco didn't move.

"I said go, use the bathroom!"

Draco forced himself to stand still, in fact, his will was so strong that he was like stone, even as he felt a spurt coming out. His muscles clenched until he stopped the flood, but he didn't move.

Snape tried to read his mind once again, and this time he noticed that something was leaking through; he was repeating to himself, "don't show your weakness", over and over. The effort of holding was lowering his capacity to upkeep the occlumency.

"I don't understand why you do this to yourself" Said Snape shaking his head almost in disgust "Do you want to go back to class then?"

Draco shuffled and clenched his teeth. A tear ran down his face.

"I see" Sighed Snape, "I will be waiting for you in the classroom” And he left him there.

He took one last glance at the boy before entering the class door, and saw him dash into the bathroom.

"This is insane!" whispered Snape to himself, and he entered the classroom.

Harry and Hermione went silent.

Ron eyed the teacher suspiciously.

Meanwhile, Draco had entered the bathroom, but had lost control at the door, and despite his hand clenched on his crotch, he couldn't stop the flow. He tried digging the other hand into his crotch, and tried to grip at the base, but that wasn't working either… He had lost the battle.

Once he got inside a stall, he leant on the wall, breathing unevenly and shaking. His eyes were full of tears and there was a waterfall of pee cascading through his hands, running between his legs, soaking his trousers and hitting the floor noisily. He gave up and just let it all go, seeing as that was really the only choice he had left.

He suddenly realized he didn't have his wand, and felt totally lost.

Snape looked at the time. Draco had been gone for 10 minutes, and in another 5 minutes, he would have to dismiss the class.

He sighed and realised that maybe he had wet himself, yet his wand was still on the desk.

He should learn to not wait too long next time. It's too easy when you always have a chance to clean up. That won’t teach him to change his habits...

But he felt bad for him regardless.

Draco was still there, his wet jeans now going cold. He usually wouldn’t wait this long before getting dried up. This reminded him of when he was a baby, and couldn't use such a spell yet. He had learned the cleaning spells before any kids his age, before even having his own wand. When his mother realized that his father was forcing him wait to go to the bathroom until he was in a position where he didn’t have to ask permission, she taught him the cleaning spells, letting him use her wand to prevent being embarrassed in front of other people. That was the wand that he’d been using since school began; made of howthorn, with a heart of unicorn hair.

He realised that he was recalling another good memory of his mother; another good memory that he thought he’d erased somehow.

He didn't know what to do, and realized that Harry Ron and Hermione had just been dismissed; he heard their voices in the hallway and panicked, flattening himself against the wall, and shuddering from the cold and the stress. His eyes were watching the bathroom door through a gap in the stalls walls.

"Let go of me!" cried Ron, entering the bathroom, then he called out, with just a hint of pleasure in his voice, "Malfoy, are you there?"

Draco held his breath, and looked down at the puddle surrounding his feet; it had spread out from under the stall.

"Come on, Ron let's go!" said Harry, stopping at the door

"Ron! Leave him alone!" screamed Hermione, coming at Harry's side.

Hearing Hermione, Ron was even more motivated

"Malfoy, where are you?!” he called again, before noticing the floor, "Oh, hold on! Maybe I can tell myself! There's big puddle coming from under this stall!" He felt so evil, he almost scared himself.

Draco closed his eyes.

Ron slammed a hand against the stall's door. Draco's eyes flicked to the door in a fit of anger, and he felt his arm burning.

"I know you’re there, and I can tell that you peed your pants! Be assured, the whole school will know about this by tomorrow!" sneered Ron, hearing a strained sob from inside the stall.

Then the stall's door slammed open.

Draco came out and grabbed Ron's shirt at the neck, then slammed him against the wall in front of the stall, his eyes still wet for the tears.

Harry and Hermione looked at the scene, their eyes wide in fear.

"If you dare do that, I swear I'll make your life a living hell!!" He shouted, his hands shaking on Ron's shirt.

Ron was looking at him, wide-eyed and mouth agape.

"You're just lucky that I’m not putting your face in this puddle! " growled Draco, his voice full of malice.

Harry and Hermione stood there, frozen to their spots, then noticed Draco's wet pants and blushed.

Ron couldn't just surrender, and he tried to face him. Holding his wrists, he tried to push Malfoy away, but the blonde was too strong, even though he was shaking, and he couldn't free himself.

"You don't scare me Malfoy!!" He shouted

"You obviously don't know me then, Weasley" said Draco icily

Hermione decided that enough was enough. She took Draco's wand from Harry and walked over to him, "Snape told us to bring you wand back to you"

Draco gave her a loathsome look, then let go of Ron and violently snatched the wand out of her grip. He cleaned his clothes and the floor nervously, waving his wand, then walked towards the door wiping his eyes, and frowned at Harry as he walked past.

The energy he put into the cleaning spell was so strong, all of them felt like they had just put on fresh clothes, and the bathroom floor shone.

Draco found his bag outside the classroom door, picked it up, and went back to his room.

Ron stood there, still in shock from the fight. Harry was furious with him; how could Ron not understand that he was just making things worse this way? And Hermione was clearly backing Draco in this situation, because Ron was acting like an asshole.

The three left the bathroom in silence, and headed to the common room.

###

Draco took a shower in an attempt to calm down. He was expecting his father to appear any given moment.

When he went back to his room, he found Crookshanks on his bed again, and nervously pushed him away, then lay on his bed, feeling rather frustrated. His father never showed up, and he fell asleep thinking that maybe he had done something right for a change. When he woke up, he realized that it was already time for dinner. Even though he wasn’t hungry, he decided to go anyway.

He completely ignored Harry and the other two for the whole meal, sitting between other Slytherins and telling them about the detention, making up how easy it was to just sit there, and write the essay.

Suddenly, Snape stood up and walked over to his table.

"Mr Malfoy, I'll meet you in my office in 15 minutes." he stated, then walked away.

"Yes Sir" Draco said, seriously.

Crabbe, Goyle and Pansy looked at him with questioning expressions.

"What?" he asked, clearly annoyed

"Did you just get another detention?" Goyle looked at him worriedly.

"No" stated Draco proudly "We need to discuss some advanced potion that he wants to teach me"

"Wow" Pansy looked at him in amazement, then blushed as she said "You’re a real master in potions!"

"Thanks.." Draco forced himself to smile, secretly finding Pansy quite pathetic. He didn't like to play this role when it came to bragging about his studies, even though he was good enough in his classes to brag more than he did.

He left the Great Hall, and headed toward the dungeon

He knocked on the office's door, then opened it when he heard Snape's voice say "Come in"

He walked over to the desk, and sat down as the professor gestured.

"Draco," began Snape, "I am very worried. I know that this is a hard time for you, but you can't behave like this; It's surely not healthy, not to mention that it's completely ridiculous"

Draco stared at the floor in silence; He didn't want another lecture on how he should stop doing this, because he already knew he couldn’t explain why he was doing it. Plus he knew that Snape was on his father's side.

He’d actually been surprisingly nice to him lately, and it confused him. Perhaps Snape was testing his resistance, and possibly spying on him and tipping off his father, letting him know when Draco was doing something wrong.

"Do you want to talk about it?" asked Snape softly

"No" he replied.

Snape tried to read his mind again, but to no avail, as the kid was performing a perfect occlumency charm against him, and though it annoyed him, he was proud that Draco had mastered it so well; after all, he was the one who'd taught him to perform it.

Draco had to learn that charm rather early, in order to hide the dark mark. But ever since he learned it, he had also used it to cover up his desperation against those who could mind read. Snape had promised to keep Draco from being killed by Voldemort, yet he was only a spy for Dumbledore, merely pretending to be a deatheater. Still... he didn't see any harm in trying to sway the child towards the good side while he was at it.

It was saddening to see him being controlled by his father, who was surely the cause of this weird behaviour.

He sighed. "Will you stop behaving like this, or am I wasting precious minutes of my life here?"

"I don't want to have this conversation again." replied Draco icily

"You’re supposed to respect your teachers, Draco. You will not to talk to me in such a manner" said Snape, an annoyed expression settling on his face.

"I don't want to talk about this! If you keep this up, I’ll tell my father that you’re trying to force me to talk!" snarled Draco, standing up

Snape looked him in the eyes, speaking in a serious tone "We both know that you wouldn't do that." he paused "Tomorrow 8 pm.".

"For what?" asked Draco, upset

"Detention. You are now dismissed." Snape’s voice and facial expression were cold.

Draco turned away furiously and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.

Snape closed his eyes and whispered to himself, "That kid..", then shook his head.

*037*2012-03-14 01:16

I drew this thinking of chapter 7 - hope you like it. I'll try some omo drawings as well.

*038*2012-03-14 10:03

J'ADORE FAN ART!

Draco Malfoy

*040*2012-03-15 18:54

{{:

Finally caught up and read chapter 10! I love it, well done :) I'm glad to see you've been keeping up the good work.

I especially like the way you write the tension between the characters, and you've managed to keep them all completely in character- something that's usually very difficult to do when writing omo fics! I felt so bad for Draco in this last chapter though- it really does seem as though he's got some pretty intense psychological problems.

The conversation at the end between Snape and Draco works very well too. Snape wants to help him and Draco knows privately that he needs help, but they're both so afraid of showing weakness. Can't wait to see how the story will progress next!

}}

Thank you so much! I love how your critique is always getting deep into details! It just makes me wanna write more! I'll keep writing but you please keep feedbacking!! much love!

*042*2012-03-19 22:03

{{:

I love this story! It's so amazing. :)

}}

Thanks to your help Kay!! ;)

Our plan for the story makes me shudder in pleasure!! lol

*043*2012-03-20 02:08

Creative Editor: KayLeigh

Chapter 11

I fell in love and

I needed a roadmap

To find out where you lived

So excited now

Sleepwalking, 'cause I'm sleepwalking

(Modest Mouse: sleepwalking)

SLEEPWALKING

"It' 11 PM already!" yawned Ron, standing in front of the common room window. Almost everyone in the Gryffindor dorm had gone to bed.

Harry, who was reading a book, lay on the couch "yeah...I guess it's time we went to bed."

Hermione came down from the girls’ dorm, her face filled with worry.

"I can't find Crookshanks anywhere, and it’s almost been a week!"

Ron ignored her.

"I haven’t seen him around either, sorry" said Harry

Hermione sat on the couch, tired. The third year was so hard, what with her choice of following so many subjects, assisted by the time turner that professor McGonagall gave her.

She had thought about using it to see Draco, but had been carefully told that it was not to be used for personal gain, or it would be taken back, and she would face punishment.

"Harry, can I borrow the marauders map? Maybe I’ll be able to find crookshanks with it"

"Sure" replied Harry, taking the map out of his bag and handing it to her "I’ll get it off you tomorrow, cause I’m going to bed now" he said yawning.

"Thanks! Goodnight Harry." Hermione turned and began climbing the stairs to her room.

She pulled the curtains around her bed closed, and opened the map pronouncing the magic words.

What Harry didn’t know, was that she had been planning this for a few days.

Between her time turner shifts, she had been spying on the Slytherin common room entrance, trying to get the password.

She looked at the map, hoping that Draco wouldn’t yet be in his room, and her lips curved into a smile when she saw that he was alone in the Slytherin common room, while all the dorms were full of sleeping students.

###

Draco sat on the window ledge, back against the wall, one ankle under the other leg, like a kid his age would, instead of his usual, composed, straight posture. The torchlight bouncing around the walls had been dimmed, as all students were supposed to be in bed by now.

He played with his shoelace and looked out the window, the black trees topped with snow. Even though the dungeon was on the lower floor of the castle, Hogwarts had been built in a way that, no matter where you were, there was always a beautiful sight to be seen through the windows. Secretly, Draco loved to gaze out the window at night, especially in winter. The snow on the dark forbidden forest shone under the light of the moon; it was peaceful, yet creepy.

###

Hermione waited for Ron and Harry to go upstairs, then exited through the painting and snuck down to the dungeon.

For days, she had been wishing for a chance to see Draco without Harry and Ron noticing, and had also wanted to be in possession of the map, so they wouldn’t see where she was. This was perfect.

Draco leant his head against the wall. His day had been hard; he would have preferred it if Hermione and that Weasel hadn’t stuck their noses into his business. Now, Ron was jealous and spiteful, and Hermione was always around to provoke that hot-tempered red head.

In the end, everything was just blowing up in Draco's face, and whilst he hoped that she would stop looking for him, he felt a pain in his chest at the thought of not seeing her.

Suddenly, he heard the painting opening up, and saw a hooded figure appear in the dark. He leapt to his feet, and held his wand in an over-reaction.

"It's just me, relax...” said Hermione, pulling off the hood of her mantel and walking towards him.

"Granger? What the f-"

"Mind your words Draco!"

"You’re not allowed in here, so please leave. Now." Draco’s voice was cold, and he went back to his seat with a vexed expression on his face. Although he was almost happy to see her, that feeling was buried in the depths of his heart, under the heavy heritage of his father's name. And he was still mad at her for disarming him, and then shifting Snape’s attention to him.

Hermione walked over to him, climbed onto the window ledge, and sat at his side.

"You are NOT welcome Granger. What part of my sentence do you not understand?" Draco crossed his arms over his chest, and looked out the window.

"I came here to say sorry,” she mumbled quietly

Draco snorted and continued to look out the window, "I didn’t like what you did today, but I don't need your stupid apologies. Just leave. Oh, and for God’s sake, please keep your weasel in his cage"

Hermione sighed "you can be a real prick when you want to."

Draco widened his eyes, and stared at her in disbelief "What did you just say, Granger?"

Hermione smiled "why don't you just relax, and stop freaking out! And you can’t keep getting offended; you just called Ron a weasel for crying out loud! Take the 'prick', and just shut up! Stupid Ice Prince..."

She was slightly amused; boys really needed to mature faster...

Draco just stood there looking at her, clearly annoyed.

"Draco, I was kidding..."

"Very funny" Dracos voice was full of sarcasm, and he turned to the window.

"Listen, you had bad afternoon, I understand-"

"And who can we blame for that?" he huffed, not turning around.

"I WAS trying to help you.... but I was wrong. You don't need my help"

Draco turned to her and gazed into her eyes "What’s that supposed to mean?"

"I mean, you know who you are, and you know what you're doing, therefore you don't need help from anyone."

Draco was confused, her reverse psychology working, and he just turned back to the window in silence, although he could feel Hermione's words ripping open a hole inside his heart.

"Draco, I’m here because-"

"I don't know who I am” he sighed faintly, cutting her off.

Hermione looked at him, noticing this new sadness.

"Of course you know. For all you know, you could be getting to know yourself right now" her voice was soft

Draco appreciated her words; It felt so good to just confess to someone one of the things that had been buried inside for so long, but nonetheless, he held himself back from succumbing to the feeling.

"Maybe..." he muttered

Hermione moved a hand to his left wrist, touching his bracelet, and consequently, his hand.

Draco shuddered at her touch, glancing down at his hand, and then up at her.

"What is this?" she asked, brushing the bracelet with a fingertip.

"My mother gave it to me for my first birthday. She made it." he replied

"It's very beautiful! Is it charmed to grow up with you?" she asked, full of curiosity

"I guess so, it's never been too tight nor too loose and I’ve never taken it off. I can't bring myself to take it off..” He watched as

Hermione examined the bracelet.

She was funny, her eyes concentrated on it, as if she were studying some mystical creature. When it came to learning something new, Hermione became very excited, and her mood could change in a split second. Draco liked that part of her, felt that she was very similar to him. Always curious and studying, keeping herself up to date on everything, just like he was.

"The wire is so white... It looks like it’s never been dirty!" she said, excited

"It hasn’t,” said Draco, and then he started to quietly count how many seconds it took her to realize what the material was.

Three... four...

"It's unicorn hair!" she exclaimed

Draco lightly laughed through his nose, amused "That's correct, Granger! Ten points to Gryffindor!"

Hermione smiled as she giggled "shut up!", and looked up at Draco, watching an unhindered smile light up his face for the first time in the last three years.

She kept looking into his gray eyes.

"How did she get the unicorn hair?"

Draco's face saddened "I don't know"

He looked back into her eyes

"Hagrid used to collect them in the forest. Maybe she found it there, when she was in Hogwarts" said Hermione, smiling

"Something I’ll never know..” muttered Draco.

"Why?" asked Hermione, although she already knew the answer.

Draco didn't reply straight away, instead he turned to the window.

After a few second he answered her.

"My real mother died three years ago" he sighed, almost losing his voice.

Hermione saw his eyes shining, and his eyebrows knit together.

"I'm sorry...it must have been hard for you" her voice was soft.

Draco didn't answer, and instead kept looking out the window.

Hermione looked at him, and resisted the impulse to hug him.

"She said it would protect me forever" His fingers brushed against the unicorn hair.

Hermione looked at the bracelet.

She had felt a pang when he said that; It was like he was holding onto what his mother had told him as a child, desperately trying to believe it like he did many years ago, but disappointed as the recent events seemed to deny it’s truth.

"It's true, unicorn hairs are a protection towards dark arts, and they bring joy and fortune. They are strong, and they never age." said Hermione.

"Then, this can’t be unicorn hair" said Draco cynically

Hermione held his left hand.

Draco looked at his hand, a sense of relaxation enveloping him, and a memory of his mother holding him came into his mind. When he closed his eyes, he could see her smiling face, and her long blond hair blowing in front of her face in a light breeze.

Then he felt his mother's arms around him, and surrendered to the warmth and the comfort of it.

When he opened his eyes, he was dismayed to see that it was Hermione standing in front of him, hugging him.

Still, he rested his head on her shoulder and dug his face into her hair.

"I don't want to fight with you Draco, I really like you." She took his arms and pulled them around her waist.

Draco slowly found himself hugging her back; the feeling was awesome and recharging. A series of memories of his mother passed in front of him like a montage.

Hermione slowly moved her head in front of him and kissed him. Draco kissed her back, and their hug tightened. He put a hand through her soft hair and she did the same. He could feel her warm hands on his back, healing the tension his body held. It was a feeling he could never forget, one similar to how he felt when his mother held him as a child. She had this habit of rubbing people's back and making them feel loved, relaxed and at peace; It was like a power she’d had, and everyone, especially children, had loved and enjoyed it.

He pressed Hermione to his chest, and he could feel her body touching his. Suddenly, his visions turned dark; his mother’s face was close to his, screaming and crying, her tears wetting his face, and the face of voldemort appeared in front of him.

He backed off, pushing Hermione away.

"What happened?" asked Hermione, worried and trying to keep herself from falling on the ground.

Draco looked shocked, and asked "what are you doing?"

"Hugging you?"

"Why the hell do I see my mother whenever you do that?"

"Well" Hermione suddenly looked rather annoyed, "That’s something I was hoping wouldn’t happen..."

"Is it magic?" said Draco, eyeing her suspiciously

"Nope” replied Hermione "More like a syndrome, I'd say.. " she smirked and adjusted her shirt.

"You don't say!" said Draco, offended, "I'm telling you, it happens all the time! You touch me, I suddenly have these visions of my mother, and of things that I’ve never remembered, or that I didn’t actually know!"

"This is interesting, but it could be just you projecting your mother onto me,” said Hermione gravely, like a psychiatrist.

"Why would I project her on you?" huffed Draco.

"I’m curious about that too" she replied.

They looked at each other for a while.

Hermione was sad, and she felt a little like Wendy, trying to see a partner in Peter Pan. She was very attracted to him, but he was only thinking about his lost mother. She was almost thinking of leaving, when Draco said

"I'm sorry"

"For what?" Hermione failed to hide her surprise

"For disappointing you" replied Draco bluntly, turning his head back to the window.

Hermione thought to herself, now THAT was a Peter Pan attitude.

They stood there in silence.

"You are the first person I’ve ever told about my mother" Draco slowly looked back at her.

Hermione suddenly felt happy.

"It's ok. You can tell me whatever you want, if you ever need to talk to someone" she smiled, then put her hands back on the step and lifted her body on it, sitting next to him again.

Draco again turned to the window "I’m not supposed to share these things with anyone"

Hermione thought about his father "Why? Did your father tell you that...? Why is he so hard on you anyway?"

Draco lowered his head.

He felt the strong urge to talk to her.

He just wanted to cry out everything.

He was sure that, if he could do that, then he would be free at last, but he held onto his feelings, and pushed them back.

His eyes were burning and filling up with tears, and he could feel a pain in his chest.

"You can talk to me" repeated Hermione, looking into his face.

Draco shook his head, tears trickling down his face, "There are so many thing that I can't talk about"

He wiped his eyes, but a sob shook him.

Hermione stood up again, and positioned herself in front of him, as the ledge was tall enough to put their faces at the same height, although Draco was still a little taller then her . She hugged him again

"I think you need to cry a lot more that this," she urged gently, "You can't just hold yourself back from doing everything you feel the need to do. You have to let go of something"

But Draco was holding back his sobs as much as he could, and fighting against his want to tell Hermione what was making him feel so bad.

"Let go,” she said softly, caressing his hair and holding his head on her shoulder. She felt his body shake with another sob.

He just surrendered himself to her touch again, which was the only thing he could let go with. But as he did, his right arm started to burn. He quickly wrapped his arms around his stomach, pressing on the dark mark.

Hermione looked at him worried "are you ok?"

Draco bent forward, his head touching his knees. The pain was so strong, he almost couldn't breath.

"Go away, Granger!" he growled

"Why? What’s going on?"

Draco stood up grabbing his arm, and ran up the stairs to the dorm, curtly bidding her goodnight.

Hermione sat on the ledge and sighed.

"I...guess I should go to bed too"

###

"Did you find Crookshanks? " Harry asked Hermione when she handed the map back to him under the table at breakfast.

Hermione shook her head and yawned; she was so tired, she barely slept for 4 hours.

She looked around and couldn't see Draco.

Half an hour later, Hermione was walking out the door of the Great Hall to catch up to Harry and Ron outside, when she ran into Draco.

"Just like it’s owner!" said the blond with his icy look, holding a purring Crookshanks in front of her like a towel.

"What? Where did you find him?" asked Hermione confused

"In my bed" smirked Draco, and walked away.

Hermione blushed, and hid her smile behind her cat's fur. She hugged her pet close, and sniffed his fur, hoping he would smell like Draco, but he just smelt like a clean cat.

"You’ve been with Draco the whole time?" she said to Crookshanks "You shady cat!"

Draco reached the breakfast table and just poured himself a cup of juice, standing in front of it.

Hermione walked back to him, closely followed by her cat. She noticed that his body tensed when she got closer.

" By the way, good morning! How are you?" she asked

"I'm ok,” he replied, looking away.

"What happened yesterday? Why did you run away?"

"Nothing, I just..."

"Your arm was hurting... Let me see it" she moved her hand towads his right arm but he jerked it away nervously

"it's fine now" he hid his arm behind his back.

Hermione looked at him in surprise, "What's the matter?"

"Excuse me, I have to go to class now,” Said Draco cutting the conversation short, and walking away.

###

"Did you hear what he said?" whispered Ron

"No" Harry lowered his voice, hiding behind the crystal ball on the table of divination class.

"He said that Crookshanks was just like his owner, Hermione! And then, he said the cat was in his bed!" Ron was shocked.

"I highly doubt he meant that.” said Harry, secretly trying to make himself believe what he had just said.

"No, Harry! I heard that! He said that!" he hissed.

"Oh come on! She would never do that!" replied Harry

"What? I saw her hugging him! Maybe they ARE secretly together! See, she’s not even sitting near us now!" insisted Ron, pointing at Hermione with tears in his eyes, as she sat a few tabled away.

Harry gulped. He felt hurt; at first, it had stung that Draco wasn't talking to him, but now he was in secret relationship with his friend? And Hermione hadn’t even told him about it. It was almost like Draco was purposely just screwing with his group of friends to be mean to him. Maybe Ron was right.

"I don't know.." mumbled Harry sadly.

###

Harry and Ron were walking toward their next class when they spotted Draco in the hallway, walking quickly in their direction.

Ron's eyes shone in rage, and he blocked him by standing in front of him.

"Get out of my way, Weasley!" Draco stopped and clenched his teeth.

Harry noticed that he was in a hurry, and as he was stopped, he lifted one leg and stomped a foot on the ground.

Ron pushed him, and Draco tensed with shiny, strained eyes, then moved a step back. He was acting weird; he didn't react to the fight as usual.

"Weasley, seriously, I don't have time for you now! Move!" he growled.

"Where were you going in such a rush? Is she waiting for you?!" grinned Ron

Harry touched Ron's shoulder and whispered, "Ron, I think you're wrong "

Draco looked at Ron icily, "What the hell are you talking about?"

Ron looked at him hard, "I know you are seeing Hermione!" he insinuated, scanning the gray eyes.

"I didn't know she was your girlfriend, Weasley! " Draco smirked nervously shifting his feet, then turned around and walked in the opposite direction.

As he turned the corner, he looked around and clenched a hand to his crothc, slightly opening his mouth and closing his eyes in a grimace. He shifted his feet to hold it in, frantically, trying to think of another bathroom neearby and pacing back and forth.

When he heard steps behind him he stopped and let go of his crotch.

Ron had walked after him and as soon as he was in front of him, he pushed the blond up against the wall. Draco moaned in pain and bent forward holding his crotch again.

"What's up? Are you wetting your pants?" said, Ron with a hint of pleasure in his voice.

Draco was staring at the ground, tears flickering into his eyes he was unable to stand straight as his bladder was throbbing. He was just running to the bathroom after painfully holding it in class for 2 hours, and he really couldn't hold back any more.

"Then I won’t need to tell to anyone! It’s happening in front of them!" Ron pointed out the students walking around, some of them having already stopped and glanced at the scene.

Draco stood up in pain, still holding his crotch slightly bent at the waist, and violently grabbed Ron's neck with his free hand.

"Don't you dare Weasley!" he growled, his teeth clenched he felt his bladder jolt and struggled to hold it in.

Harry suddenly felt excited in watching the scene, and he remained there almost paralyzed from a wave of pleasure and confusion, and unable to react.

"Let go, bastard!" screamed Ron.

Trying to free, himself he stepped in and folded Draco's arm - now weaker for the effort of holding-, shortening the distance between them and he pressed the blond to the wall.

Draco moaned in pain and tried to bend over, shuddering, pressing his crotch tighter, his eyes more watery then before. But

Ron was holding him against the wall and prying his fingers from his neck.

Draco was shaking and squirming, and Ron could feel the blonde’s weakness as he freed himself from his grip, and he backed off, letting him bend forward against the wall.

Harry felt bad for Draco, and even trying to believe to Ron's theory he couldn’t stop himself from thinking that he didn't deserved that. He shook when the kid looked up at him with mean, shining eyes through the blond locks. He felt like he was asking him to do something.

"Ron, let's go,”

"Don't even think about it! I want everybody to see this!" replied Ron

Draco bent more and whimpered; He was trying to keep control beyond his ability.

"Stop!" said Harry to Ron " this is awful, let him go!"

"He’s free to go" smirked Ron, seeing that he couldn't move, "But I bet he likes to pee his pants!"

"You'll pay for this, Weasley! I swear!" said Draco, shaking in a whimper.

He felt his bladder jolt again, and a big spurt came out.

Harry bent down to him, "Draco come with me" then holding one of his arms, he dragged him away

"What are you doing?" asked Ron furiously

Harry didn't answer, and gently pulled the blond towards the bathroom. Draco walked after him unsteadily, slightly bent at the waist. Luckily, the students around were almost all gone.

Harry entered the bathroom and felt that Draco had stopped. He was crossing his legs and trying desperately to unbuckle his jeans. Harry couldn’t help but look at the scene, a blush washing across his cheeks.

Ron entered the bathroom

"Uh!..." Draco shoved a hand inside his open jeans and gripped tight, but a jet of pee gushed out and splashed on the floor.

"I told you so!" gloated Ron, staring at Draco

Draco bit his lips, and stopped himself from turning around and wetting on Ron’s face.

Harry pushed Ron out of the bathroom and closed the door, then grabbed Draco's arm and dragged him inside a stall

"ah! Stop!" cried the blonde. Doing that he just made him lose control, and he was wetting all over the floor.

Finally, he wound up in front of the toilet and managed to pee in it. "Fuck!... Fuck!" he cursed, "Goddamn weasel!"

Harry put his hands in his pockets and slightly rocked in his place, watching Draco’s back as he peed.

He felt warm inside, like the first time he saw that scene, and he thought about them both laying down on the hospital wing's floor, Draco on top of him, laughing and crying, yelling that he had to pee, and him flat on his back laughing at him. A smile spread across his face as he reminisced.

Draco closed the buttons of his pants, and waved his wand to clean his clothes and the floor. While he was washing his hands, he looked at Harry in the mirror.

The blond suddenly remembered the day they were in front of the mirror of erised, and pushed the thought away.

"I swear, I am going to kill the weasel, Potter!" he turned to look at him.

Harry gazed at him, sighed and didn't utter a word.

"What?" Draco said, looking at him " You want me to thank you? Fine. Thank you!" he snapped, then turned around and left the bathroom.

Harry watched him leave and thought that he was indeed a twat, but was somehow a person he definitely wanted to have around.

He was surprised to see that Draco had ignored Ron, who was outside of the bathroom waiting for a glorious fight.

"Come back! You coward!" screamed Ron

Harry could see Draco's lips almost curving into a smile as he turned to go up the stairs.

....to be continued

Listen to SLEEPWALKING http://grooveshark.c...ng/41M9ks?src=5

*046*2012-03-20 14:52

{{:

I wish I hadn't read all of the chapters already! It's very interesting, I can't wait to see what happens next. your scenes of desperation are great but they are also mixed in with a good amount of story, which is always a plus.

}}

{{:

Love the art :)

}}

Thank you so much!! don't stop reading!!

Yeah, fanart is just perfect! look at this manga!

*047*2012-03-20 15:03

*048*2012-03-24 13:06

Creative Editor: KayLeigh

Chapter 12

Somethin’ filled up

My heart with nothin’,

Someone told me not to cry.

But now that I’m older,

My heart’s colder,

And I can see that it’s a lie.

(Arcade Fire: Wake up)

SOMEONE TOLD ME NOT TO CRY

Harry, Ron and Hermione were heading down to join the Hogsmead trip like every Sunday.

"Hey look!" exclaimed Harry

"isn't that Lucius Malfoy?" asked Hermione, peeking into the empty Great Hall

Lucius, whom had Draco at his side, was standing before Dumbledore, whose face held a grave expression.

"I'll make sure he'll be here for dinner." Said Lucius, putting a hand on Draco's shoulder and pushing him slowly into the fireplace.

"Goodbye" replied Dumbledore

Draco didn’t look like he wanted to go with his father, and before he disappeared in the flames, he turned and met Harry’s eyes with his own.

Harry, Ron and Hermione walked quickly towards Dumbledore.

"Sir," began Harry " Why isn’t Malfoy coming to Hogsmead?"

Something in Dumbledores eyes made Harry think that perhaps he was happy to see someone worrying about Draco, and then his expression returned to it’s grim beginning, “He had something to do with his father today.”

"I see" murmured Harry suspiciously.

###

Draco sat at lunch with his father and his step-mother in the Malfoy's manor. He answered every question the woman asked him, trying to tell her what she wanted to hear.

He hated being there. That woman was just as cold as his father, and she wouldn’t have anything to do with him. She sided with Lucius in everything, and Draco couldn’t oppose her.

He remained in the living room alone with her after lunch, the atmosphere tense.

"Draco, today is a very important day for you." she smiled, sitting on the sofa next to him, "Be good, and don't disappoint you father. He believes in you so much!"

"Yes, Narcissa" Draco replied quietly. He doubted that his father believed in him.

"Mother!" she screamed suddenly, " I want you to call me Mother!"

"Yes...Mother" he said, closing his eyes.

At 4 o clock in the afternoon, the deatheaters were sitting at the long table in the dungeon of the Malfoy's manor.

Lucius entered the room, slightly pushing Draco along by the shoulder and showing him his place at the table. Draco recognised Snape sitting between the others, and his aunt Bellatrix, who smiled at him with a crazy look.

"What is the kid doing here?" asked a tall blond deatheater.

Lucius sat at the head of the long table.

"Draco!" he said, looking at him.

Draco slowly pushed up his sleeve to showed his right arm; The dark mark appeared and shone while the kid winced in pain.

"Isn't he too young for this?" another death eater cut in

"Do you want to discuss the Dark Lord's decision?!" shouted Lucius, "He has given him the dark mark, because he believes that he can keep up with it. Draco mastered the occulmency charm when he was younger; Anyone who tries to read his mind will realize this. He is a brilliant wizard, moreso than many of you were at his age! He has been raised to be a dark wizard and a devote of the Dark Lord since the day he was born."

Draco felt like he was going to throw up; His father's words nauseated him more than ever before.

"Why is the mark on his right arm?" asked the deatheather sitting next to Snape.

"That does not concern you, nor does it change the meaning of the mark!" Lucius’ voice was cold.

"Now, is anyone still against him joining the assembly?"

Snape looked at the kid sadly, then glanced away.

"Very well" said Lucius, lifting his left sleeve.

All the death eaters, put their left arm on the table and uncovered the dark mark.

"I swear total devotion to the Dark Lord "

They said in unison.

Draco didn't say anything, though he felt the burning in his arm increasing. He choked off a whimper and his eyes began to water, but he didn't move a muscle. He wondered why none of the others looked like they were suffering; instead they all seemed to be getting some sort of pleasure out of this.

Lucius looked at his son sitting between two tall death eaters and composed like a prince, his head held high, the soft locks of his blonde hair falling gently into his eyes. He was almost 14, certainly old enough to understand - thought Lucius - but his smooth skin and the look in his eyes, gave away that he was no more than a child.

Draco was watching the death eaters, trying to not make eye contact with anyone and forcing himself to sit in the most composed position possible, when he suddenly felt a twitch in his bladder and began to panic. He shouldn't have drunk the two glasses of water before the meeting, alas his throat had been very dry.

The tension of the meeting had made him forget to use the bathroom, and it occurred to him that he hadn't gone since earlier that morning. As always, he felt the urgency of his need when it was already at a critical stage, and sighed silently, hoping the meeting wouldn’t be too much longer.

The deatheaters were in deep discussion for 2 hours before coming to an agreement. Draco tried to concentrate on what they were talking about, but as time passed, it got harder and harder.

They talked about people he didn't know, dark artefacts he’d never heard of and spells he hadn’t learnt, and hoped that his father didn't expect him to join the conversation. He was sitting as straight as possible, with as much composure as he could muster, but couldn’t help pressing his thighs together from time to time, and shifting inconspicuously on his chair.

Suddenly the intensity of the atmosphere increased, and all the people at the table, including his step-mother Narcissa, were listening to Lucius with grim expressions on their faces.

"We are hiding now, but when the time comes, we need to be ready. Our first attack shall be at the Ministry of Magic, and our goal is to defeat the Order of the Phoenix, starting with its founder. After this, we will figure out a way to besiege the castle together, and our main target will be Albus Dumbledore."

Draco's heart sank, and as he wondered what the Order of the Phoenix was, he peeked a glance at Snape. No emotion was displayed on the teacher’s pale face.

"We will then kidnap Harry Potter alive, and bring him to the Dark Lord. Anyone else who gets in your way shall face instant death."

Draco shuddered, yet tried to retain his composure and not let any of his worry materialise on his face. He envisioned for a second, the deatheaters killing the students one by one, and his blood froze. The more he listened, the more he felt like he didn't belong, but he knew that no one should figure that out. His bladder certainly wasn't helping him keep up both his guard and the occlumancy. He shifted on the chair, feeling another strong twinge.

His father gave him an icy glare, and he tried to straighten up more, his bladder being constricted by his posture.

Snape looked at the kid, his heart in pieces, but keeping his unemotional appearance. He knew that Draco didn’t feel like he belonged in this group, and he wished he could just drag him away from there.

The meeting went on, while Draco fought his bladder with all his strength. He just wished he could stand up and go to the bathroom, but his father would never approve of that, especially during this paticular meeting.

He squirmed violently trying to hide it, his eyes watering and his thighs pressing together every few seconds. He just couldn't bear to sit anymore; he needed to stand up and ease the pressure of his pants’ waistband, which had never felt so tight. The liquid was slowly pacing throughout him, and it felt like it was mere inches from escaping. He tensed, and shifted on his chair.

Snape looked at him and realized that he was in pain, then glanced at Lucius to see if he had noticed this, but he didn't seem to look at his son at all. He sincerely hoped Draco would just get up and go to the bathroom.

But the kid wasn't moving; his cheeks were taking a pink hue, and he was shuddering.

Lucius stood up, and all the others did the same. Draco followed suit, trying not to disappoint his father but he couldn't stand still. He crossed his legs, yet tried to straighten what of him would be visible from over the table at least. It was hard and painful, so he clenched his hands on the table edge, bending slightly at the waist and uncrossing his legs.

Snape looked at him, worried.

"This assembly is dismissed" announced Lucius, then he walked behind Draco and growled over his shoulder, "Dignity!"

Draco almost burst out sobbing. He gulped and sat back as he felt a spurt coming out.

"Severus, please go upstairs with Draco." said Lucius, leaving the dungeon with the other death eaters.

Snape walked over to Draco and saw that, as his father left the room, he totally lost his composed position and clenched both his hands to his crotch, moaning and bending over.

"Draco, you can go to the bathroom now" said Snape softly

Draco sighed and blinked the tears away from his eyes, then stood up, shaking, and walked very slowly towards the bathroom door.

He stopped in front of it and fell to his knees with a whimper.

Snape walked over to him and opened the door, then motioned for him to go inside, "Come on"

"I can't..." Draco muttered frantically.

Then Snape noticed a small puddle growing on the floor as Draco whined, and sighed. He pulled him up by his arm and dragged him to the toilet, then exited the bathroom, closing the door behind him.

Draco remained there in front of the toilet, peeing his pants hoplessly. He decided to just let go, and desperately hoped his father wouldn’t find out.

When he finally managed to stop the flow he freed himself in the toilet, trying to push out every last drop, then cast the cleaning spell.

He washed his hands and face in cold water, glancing at his reflection; His eyes were red, his cheeks still pink. There was no way to fix that.

He exited the bathroom and found Snape there, waiting for him.

"Why do you always end up like this?" he shook his head, " Couldn't you have used the bathroom before the meeting?"

"I didn’t get a chance" said Draco flatly, looking at the floor embarrassed.

"I hardly believe you, silly child" said Snape, before muttering "follow me" and heading upstairs.

###

Meanwhile in Hogsmead, Harry Ron and Hermione were walking on the snow and eating some sweets.

Harry and Hermione couldn't stop thinking about Draco. Ron was trying to ignore Hermione and talk to Harry, but the kid was absent minded and rarely replied.

Harry was dying to ask Hermione what was going on between her and Draco, and he hoped that Ron would go to the bathroom or something and leave them alone for a while.

"Hey!" said Ron, greeting Neville and Dean. He walked towards them, leaving Harry and Hermione behind, sick of the two being so silent. After a minute he turned to them "I'm going with them to the Hog's Head. I'll see you there later " Ron walked away.

That was lucky! thought Harry

"Hermione," he said instantly

"uh?" she sighed, and sat on a large stone

"What’s going on?" asked Harry softly

Hermione looked into his eyes "Are you talking about Ron being mad at me? If I only knew!"

"No," replied Harry, "I’m talking about Draco. It’s almost like you're hiding something"

Hermione blushed and promptly said "I’m not hiding anything! I’m worried for him, as you are!"

"That's not what it looks like" said Harry

"But it's the truth!" exclaimed Hermione in annoyance

"Ok, say I believe you" said Harry sincerely, "What were you doing with the marauders map last night?"

Hermione quickly wondered if she could have been leaking information or cheating herself.

"I know you didn’t look for Crookshanks, and by the way, I heard Draco saying he had found the cat on his bed" added Harry

Hermione blushed again.

"Ok, fine." she said standing up "I went to the Slitherin common room! I wanted to tell Draco that I was sorry for what happened! He was shattered, don't you remember? Ron has been a real asshole to him, I didn't know he could be so mean"

Harry looked at her, glad that she told him the truth.

"He didn't do anything worse than what Draco Malfoy has been doing to us, if you remember the past two years. The way he insulted Ron's family all the time was so bitchy! And Ron had been always humiliated by him." said Harry, looking at her.

Hermione sighed and lowered her head.

"No, Harry that was highly unfair!"

"I know I didn't like it either..." muttered Harry.

"That was a cheap shot. He disappointed me so much!" added Hermione

Harry thought, Ron was lucky that Hermione couldn’t see him doing that the second time in the hallway the day before, and he decided not to tell her about the fight they had on the stairs after herbology class.

"Hermione," said Harry calmly " if there's one thing I have learned from all this, it’s that any one of us can be driven into actions the wouldn’t consider themselves capable of... Life can be very hard sometimes. The important thing, I believe, is to make the right choice when the moment comes. If you justify Draco, you can do the same with Ron" said Harry "I think he's just a little jealous of us, everything’s been about Draco lately and he’s felt left out."

Hermione looked into his eyes. Harry was so wise sometimes, she had no doubt why he was the chosen one.

She hugged him, and Harry hugged her back

"Thank you Harry" she said "You are a great person I am honoured to be your friend."

Harry smiled. "Thank YOU Hermione, I really don't know what I would do without you"

They smiled to each other, feeling very close, almost like brother and sister.

###

Draco sat on an armchair in the living room of the Malfoy's Manor, while Snape impatiently walked around and stopped at the window.

"We'll be late for dinner" he said

"I’m not hungry" replied Draco dully

Snape looked at the boy; he was very skinny, and always seemed to be lacking in appetite.

"You used to be a happy child" he said dryly

Draco turned to him "What are you talking about?"

"Sir..." said Snape, his voice serious.

"Sorry...Sir" said Draco, biting his lip

"I’ve known you since you were born," said Snape, "I knew your mother."

Draco suddenly got up and walked over to him "What do you know about her, Sir?"

Snape sighed "She was a brilliant witch" he limited what he said.

"What else, Sir?" Draco looked at him, hungry for information.

"She was a beautiful woman, and her intense gray eyes are now gazing at me" said Snape with his usual flat tone.

Draco blushed as he realised that Snape had paid him a compliment... Right? Did only do that to confuse him and stop him from asking more questions?

"I what to know more, Sir" said Draco almost pleading him

Snape had never seen the kid pleading with anyone for anything before. He felt sad, knowing that Lucius had never spoken to him about his mother after she died. He forbade everyone from talking about her, and refused to acknowledge her existence. He’d married Narcissa right after she died, and gotten rid of anything in the house that had belonged to her, and every memory of her.

"You were 9 when she died, don't you remember her?" he asked

Draco slowly lowered his head in sadness and went back to the armchair. He was 7 when his mother stopped being the woman he knew, and she died after 2 years of sickness and denial. Draco had been so traumatised, he’d forgotten everything about her. Or at least that was he had been told. The only memories he really had of his mother were the occasional flashbacks.

Snape walked over to him, and spoke softly "I'll tell you about her one day, but not here, alright?"

Draco looked at him, his eyes shining with unshed tears, and nodded. He felt happy, and wished he could just go back to Hogwarts and spend the evening listening to Snape talking about her.

Lucius entered the room, his chest puffed out, taking long strides, then stopped in front of the armchair where Draco was sitting.

" Severus," he said, "You can take Draco back to Hogwarts. Just allow me to speak with him in private, first."

" As you wish, Lucius. Goodbye" replied Snape, and he left the room.

"Stand up!" ordered Lucius

Draco stood up, and before he could even look at his father, he was grabbed around the neck with one hand.

Draco gasped and tried to pry his hands off, but it was like trying to move the hand of a statue.

"From today you are officially one of us, Draco! I told you to control yourself, and I know you pissed yourself right after the meeting! You are extremely lucky it didn't happen during the meeting, even though squirming like a baby was almost as inappropriate! " He let go of him, and Draco fell forward, coughing. Even now, he could barely breath.

"How can you do this? Don't you understand the importance of this?" He snarled at him,

"Do you not realise that when you are in a meeting, it is just like being in front of the Dark Lord? You have to be faultless! Perfect!"

Draco looked up at him wide-eyed, shaking, and still trying to breath right.

"Listen to me!" He said, holding the sleeve of his shirt and pulling him forwards, "One day, you will be called upon to fulfil his orders, and when he requests your service, you cannot refuse. If you don't succeed, you will be tortured and killed! Your mother and myself, not to mention all our family, will be tortured and killed. This no game!"

Draco looked into his eyes, and for the first time he saw a hint of fear.

Lucius pushed him away violently and Draco fell to the ground, hitting his head on the wooden side of the armchair.

"Sometimes, I wonder if it was really worth it..." Lucius looked down his nose at Draco, then yelled, "Get lost! Go back to that stupid school, and don't you dare put shame on my name!"

Draco stood up, massaging his head, and with his heart in pieces, he walked out of the room and along the hallway to the entrance of the castle, fighting back tears.

What was wasn't worth it? What was he talking about? Killing his mother? Or having not killed him along with his mother? Having a baby with a muggle born? What? In any case, he felt so despised, so humiliated and so alone.

When Draco stormed out of the castle, Snape saw him rushing out of the big stone door in long strides without waiting.

"Draco!" he called out him, but the kid just kept walking into the courtyard

He reached for him and grabbed his shoulder.

"Draco!" he exclaimed, "What happened?" he noticed the kid's eyes were full of tears, and he was shaking with clenched teeth. Draco pushed him away and continued walking outside in the garden.

Violent sobs were pushing on his throat.

Snape followed him again, and tried to stop him. As he was in front of him, he held his shoulders with his hands and Draco stopped.

He was breathing fast, and felt like he had a ticking time-bomb in his chest, then he suddenly burst into sobs.

He screamed in rage, pushed Snape away, and started to kick and punch the plants around him. Snape tried to stop him, and narrowly dodged a flying fist. He held Draco’s arms with strength, and yelled

"Draco calm down!"

But the kid screamed again in a desperate sob,

"Leave me alone!" and wriggled his way out of Snape's hands, his right arm burning way too much.

The pain was so unbearable, his skin felt like it was melting, and he kneeled on the ground, moaning.

Snape saw him holding his arm to his chest, his forehead almost touching the grass. Then the kid leaned his hands on the ground, his body shaking in sobs.

Snape couldn't say anything. He could see Draco’s frustration, and couldn’t imagine what had been told by his father. He kneeled in front of him and put a hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him down.

Suddenly Draco stilled, stood up and walked back to the castle. Snape ran after him and blocked his way. As he turned him around, he saw Draco’s eyes shining with a strange red glare, and looked at him gravely, knowing where he had seen that glare before.

"Draco!" he shook the boy by the shoulders.

After a few seconds his eyes became gray again, and his body became limp, almost like he was dead. Snape cradled Draco in his arms, and rushed to the passkey then disappeared.

###

The Great Hall was noisy that evening, everybody showing to everybody else the things they had bought in Hogsmead.

Harry and Hermione were gazing at the door waiting for Draco to be back. Ron was talking to Dean and ignoring them.

And even though Draco didn't show up, they waited there until the last student had gone. Just waiting for him.

###

Hermione replied to the many "goodnights" from the other students, and sat on the step of the windows in the Gryffindor common room. Harry joined her, revealing the marauder's map.

"He's back!" he exclaimed

"Really?" asked Hermione, looking at the map. Draco's name was inside his room in the Slytherin dorm. Both sighed, then looked at each other and smiled.

"Harry," muttered Hermione, "We need to find out where the pensive is" and putting a hand in the neck of her shirt, she dragged up a chain to and on the end was a small bottle containing the memory belonging to Draco that they hadn’t seen.

###

"Good afternoon!" Remus Lupin greeted his students of the DADA "Today we will go back to something we have left behind; The Boggart! " He waved his wand and a cupboard moved in the middle of the class.

"Make a line and you will try one by one. Do you remeber the spell?"

Only Hermione lifted her hand.

"OK, repeat with me -Riddiculus-" said Remus waving his wand

The students repated the spell several times.

Remus noticed that Draco was in a corner of the room, leaning on the wall and looking at the other students with his arms crossed on his chest.

"Mr Malfoy? Would you graciously join us?"

Draco turned his head on the other side.

Remus walke to him "What is the porblem?"

"I am not performing this stupid spell, " he said with an arrogant tone.

Remus understood something was wrong with him but he couldn't accept that behavior.

"Mr Malfoy, I don't appreciate this tone in my class. Please follow the others and perform the spell"

Draco didn't move "I will tell my father how this place is going to the dogs!" he said

Remus sighed pursing his lips. It was clear form the look on his face that the kid wasn't believing a word of what he was saying. "Sit on that chair and don't move. You and I will have meeting after class." said Remus and returned to the other students.

Draco snorted and sat on the chair "Go ahead and call it detention" he whispered.

All the other students were performing the spell. Harry looked at Draco and thought he understood why he wouldn't do the exercise; He didn't want to show his boggart trnsformation to anyone in the school.

Harry shook his head. Draco was so arrognat, that was just his way to be, he could have said to the teacher the reason he didn't want to do the exercise for... but maybe he thought that behaving like the ice prince was less humiliating.

Draco realized Harry was looking at him and glanced away. He was tired and didn't want to stay one more hour in class.

###

When all the students were dismissed Remus took a seat in front of Draco, who was fidgeting since the beginning of last hour ans shifting on his seat from time to time.

"Can you explain me why you don't want to perform this spell?"

"I just don't want to, Sir"

"I'm sorry but you can't refuse to learn a spell if there aren't particular conditions. Now stand up and perform it. Or you won't leave the classroom untill you didn't do it." Said Lupin

Draco looked down. He could be very stubburn and he knew he would be able of sitting there forever rather that accept that.

But his bladder was already pretty full and he knew he wouldn't have stand it more than antoher half hour before being obviously busting.

He stood up and walked to the cupboard.

Remus was glad he didn't duscuss anymore and he was very curious to see why the kid was so reluctant. He opened the cupoard and suddenly the boggart came out.

The creature swirled on front of Draco and turned int the perfect copy of Lucius Malfoy.

Draco baked up. The Boggart walked toward him threateningly.

"Come on Mr Malfoy, it's all yours" said Remus

Draco didn't move. He was paralized and still trying to think that wasn't his father. But it was looking exactly like him, even the way he was lancing at his son was the same. Actually it seemed to have incarnated the worst of his father, the moves and the look that he would fear more. When the boggart rised a hand on him to beat him, Draco felt like he was going to pee himsef. He covered his face with his arms and Remus put himself in between Draco and the Boggart and sent it back into the cupboard.

"So this is why you wouldn't perform the spell?" asked to the kid, he relized he was shaking.

Draco looked down, sad and frustrated, and shifting his weight impatiently.

"All of us fear something or somone. Your fear is not different from all the others' "

Draco gulped and din't say anything.

"Let's try again" said Remus "

Daco didn't move. No, not again. He thought.

Remus opened the cupboard and the boggart in Lucius Malfoy's shape walked toward them.

"Go ahead Draco! don't you want to make him look ridiculus?" said Remus trying to cheer him up."This is your chance, what would you like to do to imbarrasse him?"

Draco looked at the Boggart now approaching him with his hands open like he was going to grabb him. And he did grabb him at the neck of his shirt and pulled him up.

Remus was ready to react.

Draco lifted his arm and waved his wand in perfect fluid movement as Remus could see,

"Riddiculus!" he said

Slowly Lucius let go of him and stepped back, bent forward and shoved his hand between his legs jumping up and down like he really needed to pee. Draco kept a straight face, he felt a little relieved like he had a small revenge on him. But he knew that was just a magic creature and nothing else. Lucius finally pissed himself with a humilated expression on his face. the Boggart swirled in the air and Remus send it to the cupboard locking it in.

"Well done Draco, you see? It wasn't so difficult."

But Draco was not so satisfied and he seemed even more sad "Can I leave now, Sir?" he said.

"I' would like to talk a little more with you. Please sit down."

Draco sat down on a chair and Remus did the same. The teacher noticed the kid was fidgety.

"Are you ok?" he asked him

"Yes, Sir"

Remus stood up and got two cups of tea from a magic kettle in a corner of the room

"Drink up" he said smiling handing Draco one of the cups "this is a relaxing tea"

"Thank you...Sir" said Draco, he drunk the tea in small sips and hoped his teacher would let him go soon. He felt his bladder was now reaching it's limit.

"Draco, next time you don't want to do something, I appreciate if you talk to me about it and explaine me your reasons. I am not here to hurt you or make fun of you. If you had told me that you prefered to do this in private that instead of being so arrogant in front of everybody, I wouldn't have understood."

"I'm sorry Sir" said Draco flatly

"Is there esomething you want to talk about?" said Remus leaning toward him.

Draco grabbed the edge of his chair with one hand and tried to keep the cup still with the other hand. He felt a big wave of urge through his body and fought against the leaking.

"Are you ok son?" asked Remus seeing him shudder.

"Yes, Sir" said Draco regaining control.

Remus suspected that he had to pee and wondered why he woudn't say anything. like the night at the lake. Was he really that shy?

"You look very sad Draco, I know I am none of your friends, but when i was your age i thought that all the adutls were the same and that they could never understand me. I was wrong. sometimes talking to an older person wich you can confide in, helps to heel many wounds. I am here ready to listen when you'll feel like talking."

"Y..Yes, Sir" mumbled Draco, and the cup fell from his hands crashing on the floor.

"I'm sorry!" he said and clenched his hands on the edge of the chair pressing his thighs together.

Remus repaired the cup, "No problem" he said calm then looked at Draco.

"Are you again busting for a wee and not speaking out loud?"

Draco lowered his head" No, Sir"

Remus sighed "You are free to go" said

"Thank you Sir" said Draco and stood up walking fast to the door.

He dashed out of the class and sprinted to the bathroom. He entered a stall and bent at the waist fighting with the buttons of his pants. Then he finally freed himself just in time. He just realized he hadn't used the bathroom since the morning and it was almost dinner time.

That was feeling so good. Draco relaxed and blanked his mind for some seconds.

He tried to remember how did he get into his bed the night before. Last thing he remembered was Sanpe standing in front of him and his arm burning like crazy.

###

LISTEN TO "WAKE UP" http://grooveshark.c...Up/2oglju?src=5
