HARRY+ DRACO serialized novel - Page 2

Author: Ranma23

*043*2012-03-20 02:08

Creative Editor: KayLeigh

Chapter 11

I fell in love and

I needed a roadmap

To find out where you lived

So excited now

Sleepwalking, 'cause I'm sleepwalking

(Modest Mouse: sleepwalking)

SLEEPWALKING

"It' 11 PM already!" yawned Ron, standing in front of the common room window. Almost everyone in the Gryffindor dorm had gone to bed.

Harry, who was reading a book, lay on the couch "yeah...I guess it's time we went to bed."

Hermione came down from the girls’ dorm, her face filled with worry.

"I can't find Crookshanks anywhere, and it’s almost been a week!"

Ron ignored her.

"I haven’t seen him around either, sorry" said Harry

Hermione sat on the couch, tired. The third year was so hard, what with her choice of following so many subjects, assisted by the time turner that professor McGonagall gave her.

She had thought about using it to see Draco, but had been carefully told that it was not to be used for personal gain, or it would be taken back, and she would face punishment.

"Harry, can I borrow the marauders map? Maybe I’ll be able to find crookshanks with it"

"Sure" replied Harry, taking the map out of his bag and handing it to her "I’ll get it off you tomorrow, cause I’m going to bed now" he said yawning.

"Thanks! Goodnight Harry." Hermione turned and began climbing the stairs to her room.

She pulled the curtains around her bed closed, and opened the map pronouncing the magic words.

What Harry didn’t know, was that she had been planning this for a few days.

Between her time turner shifts, she had been spying on the Slytherin common room entrance, trying to get the password.

She looked at the map, hoping that Draco wouldn’t yet be in his room, and her lips curved into a smile when she saw that he was alone in the Slytherin common room, while all the dorms were full of sleeping students.

###

Draco sat on the window ledge, back against the wall, one ankle under the other leg, like a kid his age would, instead of his usual, composed, straight posture. The torchlight bouncing around the walls had been dimmed, as all students were supposed to be in bed by now.

He played with his shoelace and looked out the window, the black trees topped with snow. Even though the dungeon was on the lower floor of the castle, Hogwarts had been built in a way that, no matter where you were, there was always a beautiful sight to be seen through the windows. Secretly, Draco loved to gaze out the window at night, especially in winter. The snow on the dark forbidden forest shone under the light of the moon; it was peaceful, yet creepy.

###

Hermione waited for Ron and Harry to go upstairs, then exited through the painting and snuck down to the dungeon.

For days, she had been wishing for a chance to see Draco without Harry and Ron noticing, and had also wanted to be in possession of the map, so they wouldn’t see where she was. This was perfect.

Draco leant his head against the wall. His day had been hard; he would have preferred it if Hermione and that Weasel hadn’t stuck their noses into his business. Now, Ron was jealous and spiteful, and Hermione was always around to provoke that hot-tempered red head.

In the end, everything was just blowing up in Draco's face, and whilst he hoped that she would stop looking for him, he felt a pain in his chest at the thought of not seeing her.

Suddenly, he heard the painting opening up, and saw a hooded figure appear in the dark. He leapt to his feet, and held his wand in an over-reaction.

"It's just me, relax...” said Hermione, pulling off the hood of her mantel and walking towards him.

"Granger? What the f-"

"Mind your words Draco!"

"You’re not allowed in here, so please leave. Now." Draco’s voice was cold, and he went back to his seat with a vexed expression on his face. Although he was almost happy to see her, that feeling was buried in the depths of his heart, under the heavy heritage of his father's name. And he was still mad at her for disarming him, and then shifting Snape’s attention to him.

Hermione walked over to him, climbed onto the window ledge, and sat at his side.

"You are NOT welcome Granger. What part of my sentence do you not understand?" Draco crossed his arms over his chest, and looked out the window.

"I came here to say sorry,” she mumbled quietly

Draco snorted and continued to look out the window, "I didn’t like what you did today, but I don't need your stupid apologies. Just leave. Oh, and for God’s sake, please keep your weasel in his cage"

Hermione sighed "you can be a real prick when you want to."

Draco widened his eyes, and stared at her in disbelief "What did you just say, Granger?"

Hermione smiled "why don't you just relax, and stop freaking out! And you can’t keep getting offended; you just called Ron a weasel for crying out loud! Take the 'prick', and just shut up! Stupid Ice Prince..."

She was slightly amused; boys really needed to mature faster...

Draco just stood there looking at her, clearly annoyed.

"Draco, I was kidding..."

"Very funny" Dracos voice was full of sarcasm, and he turned to the window.

"Listen, you had bad afternoon, I understand-"

"And who can we blame for that?" he huffed, not turning around.

"I WAS trying to help you.... but I was wrong. You don't need my help"

Draco turned to her and gazed into her eyes "What’s that supposed to mean?"

"I mean, you know who you are, and you know what you're doing, therefore you don't need help from anyone."

Draco was confused, her reverse psychology working, and he just turned back to the window in silence, although he could feel Hermione's words ripping open a hole inside his heart.

"Draco, I’m here because-"

"I don't know who I am” he sighed faintly, cutting her off.

Hermione looked at him, noticing this new sadness.

"Of course you know. For all you know, you could be getting to know yourself right now" her voice was soft

Draco appreciated her words; It felt so good to just confess to someone one of the things that had been buried inside for so long, but nonetheless, he held himself back from succumbing to the feeling.

"Maybe..." he muttered

Hermione moved a hand to his left wrist, touching his bracelet, and consequently, his hand.

Draco shuddered at her touch, glancing down at his hand, and then up at her.

"What is this?" she asked, brushing the bracelet with a fingertip.

"My mother gave it to me for my first birthday. She made it." he replied

"It's very beautiful! Is it charmed to grow up with you?" she asked, full of curiosity

"I guess so, it's never been too tight nor too loose and I’ve never taken it off. I can't bring myself to take it off..” He watched as

Hermione examined the bracelet.

She was funny, her eyes concentrated on it, as if she were studying some mystical creature. When it came to learning something new, Hermione became very excited, and her mood could change in a split second. Draco liked that part of her, felt that she was very similar to him. Always curious and studying, keeping herself up to date on everything, just like he was.

"The wire is so white... It looks like it’s never been dirty!" she said, excited

"It hasn’t,” said Draco, and then he started to quietly count how many seconds it took her to realize what the material was.

Three... four...

"It's unicorn hair!" she exclaimed

Draco lightly laughed through his nose, amused "That's correct, Granger! Ten points to Gryffindor!"

Hermione smiled as she giggled "shut up!", and looked up at Draco, watching an unhindered smile light up his face for the first time in the last three years.

She kept looking into his gray eyes.

"How did she get the unicorn hair?"

Draco's face saddened "I don't know"

He looked back into her eyes

"Hagrid used to collect them in the forest. Maybe she found it there, when she was in Hogwarts" said Hermione, smiling

"Something I’ll never know..” muttered Draco.

"Why?" asked Hermione, although she already knew the answer.

Draco didn't reply straight away, instead he turned to the window.

After a few second he answered her.

"My real mother died three years ago" he sighed, almost losing his voice.

Hermione saw his eyes shining, and his eyebrows knit together.

"I'm sorry...it must have been hard for you" her voice was soft.

Draco didn't answer, and instead kept looking out the window.

Hermione looked at him, and resisted the impulse to hug him.

"She said it would protect me forever" His fingers brushed against the unicorn hair.

Hermione looked at the bracelet.

She had felt a pang when he said that; It was like he was holding onto what his mother had told him as a child, desperately trying to believe it like he did many years ago, but disappointed as the recent events seemed to deny it’s truth.

"It's true, unicorn hairs are a protection towards dark arts, and they bring joy and fortune. They are strong, and they never age." said Hermione.

"Then, this can’t be unicorn hair" said Draco cynically

Hermione held his left hand.

Draco looked at his hand, a sense of relaxation enveloping him, and a memory of his mother holding him came into his mind. When he closed his eyes, he could see her smiling face, and her long blond hair blowing in front of her face in a light breeze.

Then he felt his mother's arms around him, and surrendered to the warmth and the comfort of it.

When he opened his eyes, he was dismayed to see that it was Hermione standing in front of him, hugging him.

Still, he rested his head on her shoulder and dug his face into her hair.

"I don't want to fight with you Draco, I really like you." She took his arms and pulled them around her waist.

Draco slowly found himself hugging her back; the feeling was awesome and recharging. A series of memories of his mother passed in front of him like a montage.

Hermione slowly moved her head in front of him and kissed him. Draco kissed her back, and their hug tightened. He put a hand through her soft hair and she did the same. He could feel her warm hands on his back, healing the tension his body held. It was a feeling he could never forget, one similar to how he felt when his mother held him as a child. She had this habit of rubbing people's back and making them feel loved, relaxed and at peace; It was like a power she’d had, and everyone, especially children, had loved and enjoyed it.

He pressed Hermione to his chest, and he could feel her body touching his. Suddenly, his visions turned dark; his mother’s face was close to his, screaming and crying, her tears wetting his face, and the face of voldemort appeared in front of him.

He backed off, pushing Hermione away.

"What happened?" asked Hermione, worried and trying to keep herself from falling on the ground.

Draco looked shocked, and asked "what are you doing?"

"Hugging you?"

"Why the hell do I see my mother whenever you do that?"

"Well" Hermione suddenly looked rather annoyed, "That’s something I was hoping wouldn’t happen..."

"Is it magic?" said Draco, eyeing her suspiciously

"Nope” replied Hermione "More like a syndrome, I'd say.. " she smirked and adjusted her shirt.

"You don't say!" said Draco, offended, "I'm telling you, it happens all the time! You touch me, I suddenly have these visions of my mother, and of things that I’ve never remembered, or that I didn’t actually know!"

"This is interesting, but it could be just you projecting your mother onto me,” said Hermione gravely, like a psychiatrist.

"Why would I project her on you?" huffed Draco.

"I’m curious about that too" she replied.

They looked at each other for a while.

Hermione was sad, and she felt a little like Wendy, trying to see a partner in Peter Pan. She was very attracted to him, but he was only thinking about his lost mother. She was almost thinking of leaving, when Draco said

"I'm sorry"

"For what?" Hermione failed to hide her surprise

"For disappointing you" replied Draco bluntly, turning his head back to the window.

Hermione thought to herself, now THAT was a Peter Pan attitude.

They stood there in silence.

"You are the first person I’ve ever told about my mother" Draco slowly looked back at her.

Hermione suddenly felt happy.

"It's ok. You can tell me whatever you want, if you ever need to talk to someone" she smiled, then put her hands back on the step and lifted her body on it, sitting next to him again.

Draco again turned to the window "I’m not supposed to share these things with anyone"

Hermione thought about his father "Why? Did your father tell you that...? Why is he so hard on you anyway?"

Draco lowered his head.

He felt the strong urge to talk to her.

He just wanted to cry out everything.

He was sure that, if he could do that, then he would be free at last, but he held onto his feelings, and pushed them back.

His eyes were burning and filling up with tears, and he could feel a pain in his chest.

"You can talk to me" repeated Hermione, looking into his face.

Draco shook his head, tears trickling down his face, "There are so many thing that I can't talk about"

He wiped his eyes, but a sob shook him.

Hermione stood up again, and positioned herself in front of him, as the ledge was tall enough to put their faces at the same height, although Draco was still a little taller then her . She hugged him again

"I think you need to cry a lot more that this," she urged gently, "You can't just hold yourself back from doing everything you feel the need to do. You have to let go of something"

But Draco was holding back his sobs as much as he could, and fighting against his want to tell Hermione what was making him feel so bad.

"Let go,” she said softly, caressing his hair and holding his head on her shoulder. She felt his body shake with another sob.

He just surrendered himself to her touch again, which was the only thing he could let go with. But as he did, his right arm started to burn. He quickly wrapped his arms around his stomach, pressing on the dark mark.

Hermione looked at him worried "are you ok?"

Draco bent forward, his head touching his knees. The pain was so strong, he almost couldn't breath.

"Go away, Granger!" he growled

"Why? What’s going on?"

Draco stood up grabbing his arm, and ran up the stairs to the dorm, curtly bidding her goodnight.

Hermione sat on the ledge and sighed.

"I...guess I should go to bed too"

###

"Did you find Crookshanks? " Harry asked Hermione when she handed the map back to him under the table at breakfast.

Hermione shook her head and yawned; she was so tired, she barely slept for 4 hours.

She looked around and couldn't see Draco.

Half an hour later, Hermione was walking out the door of the Great Hall to catch up to Harry and Ron outside, when she ran into Draco.

"Just like it’s owner!" said the blond with his icy look, holding a purring Crookshanks in front of her like a towel.

"What? Where did you find him?" asked Hermione confused

"In my bed" smirked Draco, and walked away.

Hermione blushed, and hid her smile behind her cat's fur. She hugged her pet close, and sniffed his fur, hoping he would smell like Draco, but he just smelt like a clean cat.

"You’ve been with Draco the whole time?" she said to Crookshanks "You shady cat!"

Draco reached the breakfast table and just poured himself a cup of juice, standing in front of it.

Hermione walked back to him, closely followed by her cat. She noticed that his body tensed when she got closer.

" By the way, good morning! How are you?" she asked

"I'm ok,” he replied, looking away.

"What happened yesterday? Why did you run away?"

"Nothing, I just..."

"Your arm was hurting... Let me see it" she moved her hand towads his right arm but he jerked it away nervously

"it's fine now" he hid his arm behind his back.

Hermione looked at him in surprise, "What's the matter?"

"Excuse me, I have to go to class now,” Said Draco cutting the conversation short, and walking away.

###

"Did you hear what he said?" whispered Ron

"No" Harry lowered his voice, hiding behind the crystal ball on the table of divination class.

"He said that Crookshanks was just like his owner, Hermione! And then, he said the cat was in his bed!" Ron was shocked.

"I highly doubt he meant that.” said Harry, secretly trying to make himself believe what he had just said.

"No, Harry! I heard that! He said that!" he hissed.

"Oh come on! She would never do that!" replied Harry

"What? I saw her hugging him! Maybe they ARE secretly together! See, she’s not even sitting near us now!" insisted Ron, pointing at Hermione with tears in his eyes, as she sat a few tabled away.

Harry gulped. He felt hurt; at first, it had stung that Draco wasn't talking to him, but now he was in secret relationship with his friend? And Hermione hadn’t even told him about it. It was almost like Draco was purposely just screwing with his group of friends to be mean to him. Maybe Ron was right.

"I don't know.." mumbled Harry sadly.

###

Harry and Ron were walking toward their next class when they spotted Draco in the hallway, walking quickly in their direction.

Ron's eyes shone in rage, and he blocked him by standing in front of him.

"Get out of my way, Weasley!" Draco stopped and clenched his teeth.

Harry noticed that he was in a hurry, and as he was stopped, he lifted one leg and stomped a foot on the ground.

Ron pushed him, and Draco tensed with shiny, strained eyes, then moved a step back. He was acting weird; he didn't react to the fight as usual.

"Weasley, seriously, I don't have time for you now! Move!" he growled.

"Where were you going in such a rush? Is she waiting for you?!" grinned Ron

Harry touched Ron's shoulder and whispered, "Ron, I think you're wrong "

Draco looked at Ron icily, "What the hell are you talking about?"

Ron looked at him hard, "I know you are seeing Hermione!" he insinuated, scanning the gray eyes.

"I didn't know she was your girlfriend, Weasley! " Draco smirked nervously shifting his feet, then turned around and walked in the opposite direction.

As he turned the corner, he looked around and clenched a hand to his crothc, slightly opening his mouth and closing his eyes in a grimace. He shifted his feet to hold it in, frantically, trying to think of another bathroom neearby and pacing back and forth.

When he heard steps behind him he stopped and let go of his crotch.

Ron had walked after him and as soon as he was in front of him, he pushed the blond up against the wall. Draco moaned in pain and bent forward holding his crotch again.

"What's up? Are you wetting your pants?" said, Ron with a hint of pleasure in his voice.

Draco was staring at the ground, tears flickering into his eyes he was unable to stand straight as his bladder was throbbing. He was just running to the bathroom after painfully holding it in class for 2 hours, and he really couldn't hold back any more.

"Then I won’t need to tell to anyone! It’s happening in front of them!" Ron pointed out the students walking around, some of them having already stopped and glanced at the scene.

Draco stood up in pain, still holding his crotch slightly bent at the waist, and violently grabbed Ron's neck with his free hand.

"Don't you dare Weasley!" he growled, his teeth clenched he felt his bladder jolt and struggled to hold it in.

Harry suddenly felt excited in watching the scene, and he remained there almost paralyzed from a wave of pleasure and confusion, and unable to react.

"Let go, bastard!" screamed Ron.

Trying to free, himself he stepped in and folded Draco's arm - now weaker for the effort of holding-, shortening the distance between them and he pressed the blond to the wall.

Draco moaned in pain and tried to bend over, shuddering, pressing his crotch tighter, his eyes more watery then before. But

Ron was holding him against the wall and prying his fingers from his neck.

Draco was shaking and squirming, and Ron could feel the blonde’s weakness as he freed himself from his grip, and he backed off, letting him bend forward against the wall.

Harry felt bad for Draco, and even trying to believe to Ron's theory he couldn’t stop himself from thinking that he didn't deserved that. He shook when the kid looked up at him with mean, shining eyes through the blond locks. He felt like he was asking him to do something.

"Ron, let's go,”

"Don't even think about it! I want everybody to see this!" replied Ron

Draco bent more and whimpered; He was trying to keep control beyond his ability.

"Stop!" said Harry to Ron " this is awful, let him go!"

"He’s free to go" smirked Ron, seeing that he couldn't move, "But I bet he likes to pee his pants!"

"You'll pay for this, Weasley! I swear!" said Draco, shaking in a whimper.

He felt his bladder jolt again, and a big spurt came out.

Harry bent down to him, "Draco come with me" then holding one of his arms, he dragged him away

"What are you doing?" asked Ron furiously

Harry didn't answer, and gently pulled the blond towards the bathroom. Draco walked after him unsteadily, slightly bent at the waist. Luckily, the students around were almost all gone.

Harry entered the bathroom and felt that Draco had stopped. He was crossing his legs and trying desperately to unbuckle his jeans. Harry couldn’t help but look at the scene, a blush washing across his cheeks.

Ron entered the bathroom

"Uh!..." Draco shoved a hand inside his open jeans and gripped tight, but a jet of pee gushed out and splashed on the floor.

"I told you so!" gloated Ron, staring at Draco

Draco bit his lips, and stopped himself from turning around and wetting on Ron’s face.

Harry pushed Ron out of the bathroom and closed the door, then grabbed Draco's arm and dragged him inside a stall

"ah! Stop!" cried the blonde. Doing that he just made him lose control, and he was wetting all over the floor.

Finally, he wound up in front of the toilet and managed to pee in it. "Fuck!... Fuck!" he cursed, "Goddamn weasel!"

Harry put his hands in his pockets and slightly rocked in his place, watching Draco’s back as he peed.

He felt warm inside, like the first time he saw that scene, and he thought about them both laying down on the hospital wing's floor, Draco on top of him, laughing and crying, yelling that he had to pee, and him flat on his back laughing at him. A smile spread across his face as he reminisced.

Draco closed the buttons of his pants, and waved his wand to clean his clothes and the floor. While he was washing his hands, he looked at Harry in the mirror.

The blond suddenly remembered the day they were in front of the mirror of erised, and pushed the thought away.

"I swear, I am going to kill the weasel, Potter!" he turned to look at him.

Harry gazed at him, sighed and didn't utter a word.

"What?" Draco said, looking at him " You want me to thank you? Fine. Thank you!" he snapped, then turned around and left the bathroom.

Harry watched him leave and thought that he was indeed a twat, but was somehow a person he definitely wanted to have around.

He was surprised to see that Draco had ignored Ron, who was outside of the bathroom waiting for a glorious fight.

"Come back! You coward!" screamed Ron

Harry could see Draco's lips almost curving into a smile as he turned to go up the stairs.

....to be continued

Listen to SLEEPWALKING http://grooveshark.c...ng/41M9ks?src=5

*046*2012-03-20 14:52

{{:

I wish I hadn't read all of the chapters already! It's very interesting, I can't wait to see what happens next. your scenes of desperation are great but they are also mixed in with a good amount of story, which is always a plus.

}}

{{:

Love the art :)

}}

Thank you so much!! don't stop reading!!

Yeah, fanart is just perfect! look at this manga!

*047*2012-03-20 15:03

*048*2012-03-24 13:06

Creative Editor: KayLeigh

Chapter 12

Somethin’ filled up

My heart with nothin’,

Someone told me not to cry.

But now that I’m older,

My heart’s colder,

And I can see that it’s a lie.

(Arcade Fire: Wake up)

SOMEONE TOLD ME NOT TO CRY

Harry, Ron and Hermione were heading down to join the Hogsmead trip like every Sunday.

"Hey look!" exclaimed Harry

"isn't that Lucius Malfoy?" asked Hermione, peeking into the empty Great Hall

Lucius, whom had Draco at his side, was standing before Dumbledore, whose face held a grave expression.

"I'll make sure he'll be here for dinner." Said Lucius, putting a hand on Draco's shoulder and pushing him slowly into the fireplace.

"Goodbye" replied Dumbledore

Draco didn’t look like he wanted to go with his father, and before he disappeared in the flames, he turned and met Harry’s eyes with his own.

Harry, Ron and Hermione walked quickly towards Dumbledore.

"Sir," began Harry " Why isn’t Malfoy coming to Hogsmead?"

Something in Dumbledores eyes made Harry think that perhaps he was happy to see someone worrying about Draco, and then his expression returned to it’s grim beginning, “He had something to do with his father today.”

"I see" murmured Harry suspiciously.

###

Draco sat at lunch with his father and his step-mother in the Malfoy's manor. He answered every question the woman asked him, trying to tell her what she wanted to hear.

He hated being there. That woman was just as cold as his father, and she wouldn’t have anything to do with him. She sided with Lucius in everything, and Draco couldn’t oppose her.

He remained in the living room alone with her after lunch, the atmosphere tense.

"Draco, today is a very important day for you." she smiled, sitting on the sofa next to him, "Be good, and don't disappoint you father. He believes in you so much!"

"Yes, Narcissa" Draco replied quietly. He doubted that his father believed in him.

"Mother!" she screamed suddenly, " I want you to call me Mother!"

"Yes...Mother" he said, closing his eyes.

At 4 o clock in the afternoon, the deatheaters were sitting at the long table in the dungeon of the Malfoy's manor.

Lucius entered the room, slightly pushing Draco along by the shoulder and showing him his place at the table. Draco recognised Snape sitting between the others, and his aunt Bellatrix, who smiled at him with a crazy look.

"What is the kid doing here?" asked a tall blond deatheater.

Lucius sat at the head of the long table.

"Draco!" he said, looking at him.

Draco slowly pushed up his sleeve to showed his right arm; The dark mark appeared and shone while the kid winced in pain.

"Isn't he too young for this?" another death eater cut in

"Do you want to discuss the Dark Lord's decision?!" shouted Lucius, "He has given him the dark mark, because he believes that he can keep up with it. Draco mastered the occulmency charm when he was younger; Anyone who tries to read his mind will realize this. He is a brilliant wizard, moreso than many of you were at his age! He has been raised to be a dark wizard and a devote of the Dark Lord since the day he was born."

Draco felt like he was going to throw up; His father's words nauseated him more than ever before.

"Why is the mark on his right arm?" asked the deatheather sitting next to Snape.

"That does not concern you, nor does it change the meaning of the mark!" Lucius’ voice was cold.

"Now, is anyone still against him joining the assembly?"

Snape looked at the kid sadly, then glanced away.

"Very well" said Lucius, lifting his left sleeve.

All the death eaters, put their left arm on the table and uncovered the dark mark.

"I swear total devotion to the Dark Lord "

They said in unison.

Draco didn't say anything, though he felt the burning in his arm increasing. He choked off a whimper and his eyes began to water, but he didn't move a muscle. He wondered why none of the others looked like they were suffering; instead they all seemed to be getting some sort of pleasure out of this.

Lucius looked at his son sitting between two tall death eaters and composed like a prince, his head held high, the soft locks of his blonde hair falling gently into his eyes. He was almost 14, certainly old enough to understand - thought Lucius - but his smooth skin and the look in his eyes, gave away that he was no more than a child.

Draco was watching the death eaters, trying to not make eye contact with anyone and forcing himself to sit in the most composed position possible, when he suddenly felt a twitch in his bladder and began to panic. He shouldn't have drunk the two glasses of water before the meeting, alas his throat had been very dry.

The tension of the meeting had made him forget to use the bathroom, and it occurred to him that he hadn't gone since earlier that morning. As always, he felt the urgency of his need when it was already at a critical stage, and sighed silently, hoping the meeting wouldn’t be too much longer.

The deatheaters were in deep discussion for 2 hours before coming to an agreement. Draco tried to concentrate on what they were talking about, but as time passed, it got harder and harder.

They talked about people he didn't know, dark artefacts he’d never heard of and spells he hadn’t learnt, and hoped that his father didn't expect him to join the conversation. He was sitting as straight as possible, with as much composure as he could muster, but couldn’t help pressing his thighs together from time to time, and shifting inconspicuously on his chair.

Suddenly the intensity of the atmosphere increased, and all the people at the table, including his step-mother Narcissa, were listening to Lucius with grim expressions on their faces.

"We are hiding now, but when the time comes, we need to be ready. Our first attack shall be at the Ministry of Magic, and our goal is to defeat the Order of the Phoenix, starting with its founder. After this, we will figure out a way to besiege the castle together, and our main target will be Albus Dumbledore."

Draco's heart sank, and as he wondered what the Order of the Phoenix was, he peeked a glance at Snape. No emotion was displayed on the teacher’s pale face.

"We will then kidnap Harry Potter alive, and bring him to the Dark Lord. Anyone else who gets in your way shall face instant death."

Draco shuddered, yet tried to retain his composure and not let any of his worry materialise on his face. He envisioned for a second, the deatheaters killing the students one by one, and his blood froze. The more he listened, the more he felt like he didn't belong, but he knew that no one should figure that out. His bladder certainly wasn't helping him keep up both his guard and the occlumancy. He shifted on the chair, feeling another strong twinge.

His father gave him an icy glare, and he tried to straighten up more, his bladder being constricted by his posture.

Snape looked at the kid, his heart in pieces, but keeping his unemotional appearance. He knew that Draco didn’t feel like he belonged in this group, and he wished he could just drag him away from there.

The meeting went on, while Draco fought his bladder with all his strength. He just wished he could stand up and go to the bathroom, but his father would never approve of that, especially during this paticular meeting.

He squirmed violently trying to hide it, his eyes watering and his thighs pressing together every few seconds. He just couldn't bear to sit anymore; he needed to stand up and ease the pressure of his pants’ waistband, which had never felt so tight. The liquid was slowly pacing throughout him, and it felt like it was mere inches from escaping. He tensed, and shifted on his chair.

Snape looked at him and realized that he was in pain, then glanced at Lucius to see if he had noticed this, but he didn't seem to look at his son at all. He sincerely hoped Draco would just get up and go to the bathroom.

But the kid wasn't moving; his cheeks were taking a pink hue, and he was shuddering.

Lucius stood up, and all the others did the same. Draco followed suit, trying not to disappoint his father but he couldn't stand still. He crossed his legs, yet tried to straighten what of him would be visible from over the table at least. It was hard and painful, so he clenched his hands on the table edge, bending slightly at the waist and uncrossing his legs.

Snape looked at him, worried.

"This assembly is dismissed" announced Lucius, then he walked behind Draco and growled over his shoulder, "Dignity!"

Draco almost burst out sobbing. He gulped and sat back as he felt a spurt coming out.

"Severus, please go upstairs with Draco." said Lucius, leaving the dungeon with the other death eaters.

Snape walked over to Draco and saw that, as his father left the room, he totally lost his composed position and clenched both his hands to his crotch, moaning and bending over.

"Draco, you can go to the bathroom now" said Snape softly

Draco sighed and blinked the tears away from his eyes, then stood up, shaking, and walked very slowly towards the bathroom door.

He stopped in front of it and fell to his knees with a whimper.

Snape walked over to him and opened the door, then motioned for him to go inside, "Come on"

"I can't..." Draco muttered frantically.

Then Snape noticed a small puddle growing on the floor as Draco whined, and sighed. He pulled him up by his arm and dragged him to the toilet, then exited the bathroom, closing the door behind him.

Draco remained there in front of the toilet, peeing his pants hoplessly. He decided to just let go, and desperately hoped his father wouldn’t find out.

When he finally managed to stop the flow he freed himself in the toilet, trying to push out every last drop, then cast the cleaning spell.

He washed his hands and face in cold water, glancing at his reflection; His eyes were red, his cheeks still pink. There was no way to fix that.

He exited the bathroom and found Snape there, waiting for him.

"Why do you always end up like this?" he shook his head, " Couldn't you have used the bathroom before the meeting?"

"I didn’t get a chance" said Draco flatly, looking at the floor embarrassed.

"I hardly believe you, silly child" said Snape, before muttering "follow me" and heading upstairs.

###

Meanwhile in Hogsmead, Harry Ron and Hermione were walking on the snow and eating some sweets.

Harry and Hermione couldn't stop thinking about Draco. Ron was trying to ignore Hermione and talk to Harry, but the kid was absent minded and rarely replied.

Harry was dying to ask Hermione what was going on between her and Draco, and he hoped that Ron would go to the bathroom or something and leave them alone for a while.

"Hey!" said Ron, greeting Neville and Dean. He walked towards them, leaving Harry and Hermione behind, sick of the two being so silent. After a minute he turned to them "I'm going with them to the Hog's Head. I'll see you there later " Ron walked away.

That was lucky! thought Harry

"Hermione," he said instantly

"uh?" she sighed, and sat on a large stone

"What’s going on?" asked Harry softly

Hermione looked into his eyes "Are you talking about Ron being mad at me? If I only knew!"

"No," replied Harry, "I’m talking about Draco. It’s almost like you're hiding something"

Hermione blushed and promptly said "I’m not hiding anything! I’m worried for him, as you are!"

"That's not what it looks like" said Harry

"But it's the truth!" exclaimed Hermione in annoyance

"Ok, say I believe you" said Harry sincerely, "What were you doing with the marauders map last night?"

Hermione quickly wondered if she could have been leaking information or cheating herself.

"I know you didn’t look for Crookshanks, and by the way, I heard Draco saying he had found the cat on his bed" added Harry

Hermione blushed again.

"Ok, fine." she said standing up "I went to the Slitherin common room! I wanted to tell Draco that I was sorry for what happened! He was shattered, don't you remember? Ron has been a real asshole to him, I didn't know he could be so mean"

Harry looked at her, glad that she told him the truth.

"He didn't do anything worse than what Draco Malfoy has been doing to us, if you remember the past two years. The way he insulted Ron's family all the time was so bitchy! And Ron had been always humiliated by him." said Harry, looking at her.

Hermione sighed and lowered her head.

"No, Harry that was highly unfair!"

"I know I didn't like it either..." muttered Harry.

"That was a cheap shot. He disappointed me so much!" added Hermione

Harry thought, Ron was lucky that Hermione couldn’t see him doing that the second time in the hallway the day before, and he decided not to tell her about the fight they had on the stairs after herbology class.

"Hermione," said Harry calmly " if there's one thing I have learned from all this, it’s that any one of us can be driven into actions the wouldn’t consider themselves capable of... Life can be very hard sometimes. The important thing, I believe, is to make the right choice when the moment comes. If you justify Draco, you can do the same with Ron" said Harry "I think he's just a little jealous of us, everything’s been about Draco lately and he’s felt left out."

Hermione looked into his eyes. Harry was so wise sometimes, she had no doubt why he was the chosen one.

She hugged him, and Harry hugged her back

"Thank you Harry" she said "You are a great person I am honoured to be your friend."

Harry smiled. "Thank YOU Hermione, I really don't know what I would do without you"

They smiled to each other, feeling very close, almost like brother and sister.

###

Draco sat on an armchair in the living room of the Malfoy's Manor, while Snape impatiently walked around and stopped at the window.

"We'll be late for dinner" he said

"I’m not hungry" replied Draco dully

Snape looked at the boy; he was very skinny, and always seemed to be lacking in appetite.

"You used to be a happy child" he said dryly

Draco turned to him "What are you talking about?"

"Sir..." said Snape, his voice serious.

"Sorry...Sir" said Draco, biting his lip

"I’ve known you since you were born," said Snape, "I knew your mother."

Draco suddenly got up and walked over to him "What do you know about her, Sir?"

Snape sighed "She was a brilliant witch" he limited what he said.

"What else, Sir?" Draco looked at him, hungry for information.

"She was a beautiful woman, and her intense gray eyes are now gazing at me" said Snape with his usual flat tone.

Draco blushed as he realised that Snape had paid him a compliment... Right? Did only do that to confuse him and stop him from asking more questions?

"I what to know more, Sir" said Draco almost pleading him

Snape had never seen the kid pleading with anyone for anything before. He felt sad, knowing that Lucius had never spoken to him about his mother after she died. He forbade everyone from talking about her, and refused to acknowledge her existence. He’d married Narcissa right after she died, and gotten rid of anything in the house that had belonged to her, and every memory of her.

"You were 9 when she died, don't you remember her?" he asked

Draco slowly lowered his head in sadness and went back to the armchair. He was 7 when his mother stopped being the woman he knew, and she died after 2 years of sickness and denial. Draco had been so traumatised, he’d forgotten everything about her. Or at least that was he had been told. The only memories he really had of his mother were the occasional flashbacks.

Snape walked over to him, and spoke softly "I'll tell you about her one day, but not here, alright?"

Draco looked at him, his eyes shining with unshed tears, and nodded. He felt happy, and wished he could just go back to Hogwarts and spend the evening listening to Snape talking about her.

Lucius entered the room, his chest puffed out, taking long strides, then stopped in front of the armchair where Draco was sitting.

" Severus," he said, "You can take Draco back to Hogwarts. Just allow me to speak with him in private, first."

" As you wish, Lucius. Goodbye" replied Snape, and he left the room.

"Stand up!" ordered Lucius

Draco stood up, and before he could even look at his father, he was grabbed around the neck with one hand.

Draco gasped and tried to pry his hands off, but it was like trying to move the hand of a statue.

"From today you are officially one of us, Draco! I told you to control yourself, and I know you pissed yourself right after the meeting! You are extremely lucky it didn't happen during the meeting, even though squirming like a baby was almost as inappropriate! " He let go of him, and Draco fell forward, coughing. Even now, he could barely breath.

"How can you do this? Don't you understand the importance of this?" He snarled at him,

"Do you not realise that when you are in a meeting, it is just like being in front of the Dark Lord? You have to be faultless! Perfect!"

Draco looked up at him wide-eyed, shaking, and still trying to breath right.

"Listen to me!" He said, holding the sleeve of his shirt and pulling him forwards, "One day, you will be called upon to fulfil his orders, and when he requests your service, you cannot refuse. If you don't succeed, you will be tortured and killed! Your mother and myself, not to mention all our family, will be tortured and killed. This no game!"

Draco looked into his eyes, and for the first time he saw a hint of fear.

Lucius pushed him away violently and Draco fell to the ground, hitting his head on the wooden side of the armchair.

"Sometimes, I wonder if it was really worth it..." Lucius looked down his nose at Draco, then yelled, "Get lost! Go back to that stupid school, and don't you dare put shame on my name!"

Draco stood up, massaging his head, and with his heart in pieces, he walked out of the room and along the hallway to the entrance of the castle, fighting back tears.

What was wasn't worth it? What was he talking about? Killing his mother? Or having not killed him along with his mother? Having a baby with a muggle born? What? In any case, he felt so despised, so humiliated and so alone.

When Draco stormed out of the castle, Snape saw him rushing out of the big stone door in long strides without waiting.

"Draco!" he called out him, but the kid just kept walking into the courtyard

He reached for him and grabbed his shoulder.

"Draco!" he exclaimed, "What happened?" he noticed the kid's eyes were full of tears, and he was shaking with clenched teeth. Draco pushed him away and continued walking outside in the garden.

Violent sobs were pushing on his throat.

Snape followed him again, and tried to stop him. As he was in front of him, he held his shoulders with his hands and Draco stopped.

He was breathing fast, and felt like he had a ticking time-bomb in his chest, then he suddenly burst into sobs.

He screamed in rage, pushed Snape away, and started to kick and punch the plants around him. Snape tried to stop him, and narrowly dodged a flying fist. He held Draco’s arms with strength, and yelled

"Draco calm down!"

But the kid screamed again in a desperate sob,

"Leave me alone!" and wriggled his way out of Snape's hands, his right arm burning way too much.

The pain was so unbearable, his skin felt like it was melting, and he kneeled on the ground, moaning.

Snape saw him holding his arm to his chest, his forehead almost touching the grass. Then the kid leaned his hands on the ground, his body shaking in sobs.

Snape couldn't say anything. He could see Draco’s frustration, and couldn’t imagine what had been told by his father. He kneeled in front of him and put a hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him down.

Suddenly Draco stilled, stood up and walked back to the castle. Snape ran after him and blocked his way. As he turned him around, he saw Draco’s eyes shining with a strange red glare, and looked at him gravely, knowing where he had seen that glare before.

"Draco!" he shook the boy by the shoulders.

After a few seconds his eyes became gray again, and his body became limp, almost like he was dead. Snape cradled Draco in his arms, and rushed to the passkey then disappeared.

###

The Great Hall was noisy that evening, everybody showing to everybody else the things they had bought in Hogsmead.

Harry and Hermione were gazing at the door waiting for Draco to be back. Ron was talking to Dean and ignoring them.

And even though Draco didn't show up, they waited there until the last student had gone. Just waiting for him.

###

Hermione replied to the many "goodnights" from the other students, and sat on the step of the windows in the Gryffindor common room. Harry joined her, revealing the marauder's map.

"He's back!" he exclaimed

"Really?" asked Hermione, looking at the map. Draco's name was inside his room in the Slytherin dorm. Both sighed, then looked at each other and smiled.

"Harry," muttered Hermione, "We need to find out where the pensive is" and putting a hand in the neck of her shirt, she dragged up a chain to and on the end was a small bottle containing the memory belonging to Draco that they hadn’t seen.

###

"Good afternoon!" Remus Lupin greeted his students of the DADA "Today we will go back to something we have left behind; The Boggart! " He waved his wand and a cupboard moved in the middle of the class.

"Make a line and you will try one by one. Do you remeber the spell?"

Only Hermione lifted her hand.

"OK, repeat with me -Riddiculus-" said Remus waving his wand

The students repated the spell several times.

Remus noticed that Draco was in a corner of the room, leaning on the wall and looking at the other students with his arms crossed on his chest.

"Mr Malfoy? Would you graciously join us?"

Draco turned his head on the other side.

Remus walke to him "What is the porblem?"

"I am not performing this stupid spell, " he said with an arrogant tone.

Remus understood something was wrong with him but he couldn't accept that behavior.

"Mr Malfoy, I don't appreciate this tone in my class. Please follow the others and perform the spell"

Draco didn't move "I will tell my father how this place is going to the dogs!" he said

Remus sighed pursing his lips. It was clear form the look on his face that the kid wasn't believing a word of what he was saying. "Sit on that chair and don't move. You and I will have meeting after class." said Remus and returned to the other students.

Draco snorted and sat on the chair "Go ahead and call it detention" he whispered.

All the other students were performing the spell. Harry looked at Draco and thought he understood why he wouldn't do the exercise; He didn't want to show his boggart trnsformation to anyone in the school.

Harry shook his head. Draco was so arrognat, that was just his way to be, he could have said to the teacher the reason he didn't want to do the exercise for... but maybe he thought that behaving like the ice prince was less humiliating.

Draco realized Harry was looking at him and glanced away. He was tired and didn't want to stay one more hour in class.

###

When all the students were dismissed Remus took a seat in front of Draco, who was fidgeting since the beginning of last hour ans shifting on his seat from time to time.

"Can you explain me why you don't want to perform this spell?"

"I just don't want to, Sir"

"I'm sorry but you can't refuse to learn a spell if there aren't particular conditions. Now stand up and perform it. Or you won't leave the classroom untill you didn't do it." Said Lupin

Draco looked down. He could be very stubburn and he knew he would be able of sitting there forever rather that accept that.

But his bladder was already pretty full and he knew he wouldn't have stand it more than antoher half hour before being obviously busting.

He stood up and walked to the cupboard.

Remus was glad he didn't duscuss anymore and he was very curious to see why the kid was so reluctant. He opened the cupoard and suddenly the boggart came out.

The creature swirled on front of Draco and turned int the perfect copy of Lucius Malfoy.

Draco baked up. The Boggart walked toward him threateningly.

"Come on Mr Malfoy, it's all yours" said Remus

Draco didn't move. He was paralized and still trying to think that wasn't his father. But it was looking exactly like him, even the way he was lancing at his son was the same. Actually it seemed to have incarnated the worst of his father, the moves and the look that he would fear more. When the boggart rised a hand on him to beat him, Draco felt like he was going to pee himsef. He covered his face with his arms and Remus put himself in between Draco and the Boggart and sent it back into the cupboard.

"So this is why you wouldn't perform the spell?" asked to the kid, he relized he was shaking.

Draco looked down, sad and frustrated, and shifting his weight impatiently.

"All of us fear something or somone. Your fear is not different from all the others' "

Draco gulped and din't say anything.

"Let's try again" said Remus "

Daco didn't move. No, not again. He thought.

Remus opened the cupboard and the boggart in Lucius Malfoy's shape walked toward them.

"Go ahead Draco! don't you want to make him look ridiculus?" said Remus trying to cheer him up."This is your chance, what would you like to do to imbarrasse him?"

Draco looked at the Boggart now approaching him with his hands open like he was going to grabb him. And he did grabb him at the neck of his shirt and pulled him up.

Remus was ready to react.

Draco lifted his arm and waved his wand in perfect fluid movement as Remus could see,

"Riddiculus!" he said

Slowly Lucius let go of him and stepped back, bent forward and shoved his hand between his legs jumping up and down like he really needed to pee. Draco kept a straight face, he felt a little relieved like he had a small revenge on him. But he knew that was just a magic creature and nothing else. Lucius finally pissed himself with a humilated expression on his face. the Boggart swirled in the air and Remus send it to the cupboard locking it in.

"Well done Draco, you see? It wasn't so difficult."

But Draco was not so satisfied and he seemed even more sad "Can I leave now, Sir?" he said.

"I' would like to talk a little more with you. Please sit down."

Draco sat down on a chair and Remus did the same. The teacher noticed the kid was fidgety.

"Are you ok?" he asked him

"Yes, Sir"

Remus stood up and got two cups of tea from a magic kettle in a corner of the room

"Drink up" he said smiling handing Draco one of the cups "this is a relaxing tea"

"Thank you...Sir" said Draco, he drunk the tea in small sips and hoped his teacher would let him go soon. He felt his bladder was now reaching it's limit.

"Draco, next time you don't want to do something, I appreciate if you talk to me about it and explaine me your reasons. I am not here to hurt you or make fun of you. If you had told me that you prefered to do this in private that instead of being so arrogant in front of everybody, I wouldn't have understood."

"I'm sorry Sir" said Draco flatly

"Is there esomething you want to talk about?" said Remus leaning toward him.

Draco grabbed the edge of his chair with one hand and tried to keep the cup still with the other hand. He felt a big wave of urge through his body and fought against the leaking.

"Are you ok son?" asked Remus seeing him shudder.

"Yes, Sir" said Draco regaining control.

Remus suspected that he had to pee and wondered why he woudn't say anything. like the night at the lake. Was he really that shy?

"You look very sad Draco, I know I am none of your friends, but when i was your age i thought that all the adutls were the same and that they could never understand me. I was wrong. sometimes talking to an older person wich you can confide in, helps to heel many wounds. I am here ready to listen when you'll feel like talking."

"Y..Yes, Sir" mumbled Draco, and the cup fell from his hands crashing on the floor.

"I'm sorry!" he said and clenched his hands on the edge of the chair pressing his thighs together.

Remus repaired the cup, "No problem" he said calm then looked at Draco.

"Are you again busting for a wee and not speaking out loud?"

Draco lowered his head" No, Sir"

Remus sighed "You are free to go" said

"Thank you Sir" said Draco and stood up walking fast to the door.

He dashed out of the class and sprinted to the bathroom. He entered a stall and bent at the waist fighting with the buttons of his pants. Then he finally freed himself just in time. He just realized he hadn't used the bathroom since the morning and it was almost dinner time.

That was feeling so good. Draco relaxed and blanked his mind for some seconds.

He tried to remember how did he get into his bed the night before. Last thing he remembered was Sanpe standing in front of him and his arm burning like crazy.

###

LISTEN TO "WAKE UP" http://grooveshark.c...Up/2oglju?src=5
