Kagami's Desperation

Author: Depression

*000*2010-10-27 18:16

Note : Also, the desperation actually happened to me, enjoy.

Kagami's Desperation

Chapter 1 - Kagami's Morning accident

###

One early Sunday morning Kagami lay in her bed not realising what she was doing in the dream world.

Later she opened her eyes feeling stiff and tired.

Sooner, her eyes closed while her breathing softened.

Her purple hair was messing up as she turned from side to side.

She slept a few times but her tiredness didn't drift away.

Later She heard the alarm clock.

And the noise that it cried out got more and more annoying as nobody in the house woken up. Finally it started its none stop scream and Kagami couldn't take it and she headed towards the living room, it usally took long for her mother to hear the ring, so every morning Kagami turned it off.

The Alarm clock was sitting on the couch like it always did. She pressed the button on top of it and the clock stopped its annoying scream.

Then Kagami went back to her room and threw herself on the bed and closed her eyes again.

When she opened them it was still an early morning and nobody had woken up.

She could feel a powerfull pain telling that she needed the toilet.

But she didn't want to leave her nice, warm bed,

So she sat up gazing at her posters squirming on her bed.

Her legs were hugged in her blanket, she slightly slipped her waist out and pressed her hand onto her warm crotch.

'Whoa I really need to go!' she thought to herself as she continued squirming, A few seconds later her bladder Ached and she pressed her hand onto her crotch.

"Ughh, Maybe I should wait" She Growled to herself.

A few seconds passed and she began to press onto her crotch none-stop. She didn't want to go But she didn't want to Wet the bed now.

Squirming hardly she kept pressing onto her pink pajama bottoms every few seconds.

She finally hopped out of her bed and skipped towards the bathroom.

But she went back to her room and sat on the corner of her bed pressing her hands onto the crotch of her pink pajama bottoms. she wriggled back to the top of the bed and forward in desperation. She still gazed at her Posters unable to part from her warm bed.

She was still pressing to her crotch and bending at the corner of the bed.

Then she catched the thought to stop lazing around and start the day, this was a chance to use the bathroom but she thought she would get dressed before she started.

'Bathroom first, I don't have much clothes' She thought to herself Excitedly.

But first she had to wear some slippers to not soak her red socks.

"I hope I can get up without having an accident" She said to herself, she tried hardly to reer up and a spurt of hot urine sneaked from her bladder and she immeadiently sat back down "I don't think I can make it"

She layed back and closed her eyes to sleep, and much later she woke up with her bladder flashing to release, she got up and ran outside, grabbing the inbetween of her legs to contain her bladder.

When she reached the toilet she pulled down her pants and let a stream of hot liquid out. 'Good thing I made it' She thought to herself.

But then...she felt a warm and wet feeling covering her legs "What the?"

She then opened her eyes to see that her bed wasn't only warm...but a wet feeling.

"No No No!"

She pressed her hands onto her crotch.

As the flow soaked the bed the complete of her butt turned dark pink.

Hot Urine streamed down her legs also soaking the legs in-between of her pink pajama bottoms.

"Sis?" a voice said out of the door, The door handle turned.

"Uhh, don't come yet!, I'm changing here! can't you see?" Blurted out Kagami hopping out of her bed towards the door.

"Oh, Sorry" Said Tsukasa as Kagami heard her leaving.

"That was close" Kagami Mumbled to herself as she closed the door.

Hot Urine leaked down the legs of her Pants and Splattered onto the floor, She could here the pattering along with the loud hissing noise of Her Peeing.

"Shit Shit Shit Shit! I hope Tsukasa went back to sleep" She mumbled to herself as she turned the door handle with her wet hand, Then she sighed with relief of seeing the empty outside.

"Thank Goodness" Kagami Mumbled to herself as her peeing paused.

Kagami creeped out of her room and softly pulled the door that closed with a soft thud.

She was going to leave the last train of pee into the toilet but first she needed to cover her soaked and warm socks with slippers.

She creeped into the living room with her soaked pajama bottoms and started to look around for them.

Then she grew excited to see the Dark pink slippers with two flowers on it.

She slipped her soaked socks into the cozy shoes wich always fit like a glove. Then headed to the toilet wich door was closed.

She quietly turned the door handle hoping nobody would wake up. Then she pushed the door and peered her head through the door and her head explored the room incase anybody was there, She wouldn't of thought that Tsukasa couldn't be in the shower so early. and she felt relief to see the empty bathroom.

So she stepped in and closed the door behind her. She pulled down her soaked pink bottoms and sat on the seat.

She sighed with relief once more as she let the train of pee flow out of her peehole and splash into the toilet water.

She thought what would happen if Tsukasa actually came into her room and saw her with her Wet pajama bottoms as she pushed the way through her body letting many more spurts splash into the water.

When the train finally faded away she wiped herself and flushed the toilet.

Then she pulled up her dampen pajama bottoms and washed her hands then quietly turned the door handle "I hope nobody suspects this" She mumbled as she pulled the door open and silently sneaked towards her room.

She set up her dry uniform wich she had got used of wearing it every day.

Kagami threw the blue sheet into the basket and then managed to clean the carpet before she went to a shower.

With a sigh, she grabbed her own quiz game and hid it in her drawer wich she had put her fave mangas inside.

Then she sorted out her bed to head towards the bathroom.

Then she removed her stained underwear and pink pajama bottoms along with her wet socks Piling them up, she grabbed her dry and wet clothes and sneaked out.

She felt a fear that her family would see her with her naked butt, or perhaps if Tsukasa went into the bathroom.

Luckily, her parents always woken up super late So she still had time to make it to the bathroom before anybody awoken.

Kagami walked in a fast way towards the bathroom but also trying to make less noise.

But Tsukasa was in.

So she couldn't do anything.

But atleast she found time to take her wet clothes to the laundry and by the time she was back Tsukasa was getting dressed in her room.

Kagami stepped into the bathroom and Piled her new clothes onto the drawers before she removed her Green and light pink striped T-shirt. She was excitedly comftable, and embarresed at the same time that there was no time limit to take a hot shower to clean herself up.

Now that there was nothing for anybody to suspect that she wet herself.

*004*2010-11-12 16:15

{{: 

Even though some parts were hard to read with the English, I really liked this story, good job ^^

}}

Thank you, Wich parts were hard to read?

