Ryoma Gets Lost

Author: Guest anon21756

*000*2010-11-11 05:27

The lovable freshman of Seigaku scowled and pulled his Fila hat down over his eyes. He just wanted to find a bathroom dammit! To say that the cat eyed boy was having a bad day would be putting it to lightly. It had started off as usual, him waking up late, him realizing that he had a tennis match, him making up an excuse for his senpai, his senpai-tachi not really buying his excuse, him rushing out the door only on this particular morning he had forgotten to use the restroom on his way out and his bladder had made it's condition apparent as soon as Tezuka-buchou had finished lecturing him (and assigning him a 100 laps!).

After that the rest of the day simply went downhill, he had forgotten his favorite racket at home and had to use his spare, he didn't have enough change to buy a Ponta, and his need to pee had gotten increasingly worse through out the day and not once, until now, had he been given the opportunity to go to the restroom to relieve himself. But now alas, he was lost, utterly and hopelessly lost.

With a sigh Ryoma looked around spotting a tree with a couple of bushes by it. With no bathroom in sight it looked like he had no other choice. Looking around once more to ensure that there were no people around Ryoma started for those bushes occasionally stopping to give his crotch a quick squeeze. Finally he arrived at the bushes and his salvation but just as he was getting ready to undo his pants a voice called out to him.

"Echizen-kun?" Ryoma growled softly and swung around to face the Rikkaidai captain. "What are you doing here?"

"Nothing." Ryoma said cussing out the bluenette inside his head. He could feel the pressure building with each second that ticked by. "I was just...taking a stroll." Ryoma lied trying to stay casual and not give out any signs of his increasing desperation.

"I see." Yukimura Seiichi replied, hardly unaware of Ryoma's squirming. Yukimura, being the sadist he is on the inside decided to have some fun with the rookie tennis player. "Yes it's nice to take a walk once and a while, enjoy the scenery it's really relaxing. You want to know what else is relaxing? Sitting by a fountain in the park." Ryoma bit his lip and it took all his concentration to keep his hand from slithering down to hold himself. "The running water that gurgles from it is really nice to listen to. Waterfalls are pleasant as well." Ryoma squirmed uncomfortably, pressing his thighs together. Suddenly he felt a hot spurt of urine escape, he forced back a yelp of surprise and grabbed himself.

"I have to be somewhere." Ryoma said trying to escape from the ebil bluenette, not wanting him to witness the Echizen Ryoma, tennis prodigy, having an accident.

"Oh but we aren't finished talking yet." Ryoma made a 'nng' sound as he felt himself beginning to leak, he now shoved both hands between his legs to keep himself from losing control. "Don't you want to talk some more Echizen-kun?"

"Yadda!" Ryoma replied in a strained voice letting out an inaudible gasp as another spurt escaped him. He knew now without a doubt that:

1. his dark pants now had a slightly darker patch on them

- and

2. he was going to have an accident right then and there

Just as he had predicted the flood gates let loose and urine began to fill his hands and cascade down his legs. Giving up Ryoma sank to his knees and removed his hands and just waited for it all to be over. Yukimura watched somewhat amused and somewhat sympathetic. Yukimura was aware that he was partially to blame for the occurence so taking responsibility for his actions, when Ryoma had finished and was just sitting there staring at the damp ground a blush coating his face, Yukimura helped the younger boy to his feet and took one of his damp hands. Then he led him around the corner to a restroom.

'I was this close!?' Ryoma mentally screamed tears of frustration leaping into his eyes.

Yukimura helped Ryoma clean up and loaned the freshman a pair of sweatpants, which he had in his bag which he also happened to have with him. Then the two of them walked back to where Seigaku was waiting for Ryoma to return. Before Yukimura left Ryoma turned to him.

"Thanks for helping me." He mumbled although he partially blamed the bluenette for it as well.

"No problem." Yukimura gave Ryoma a gentle kiss on his lips. "Who wouldn't help someone as cute as you?" And with that Yukimura turned and went to join his teammates.

Ryoma reached up and brushed his lips and then pulling his hat down over his eyes he just decided to forget that this day ever happened. It was too embarrassing and weird for him.

*002*2010-11-12 04:39

{{:

Nice story but i have to ask, what exactly is this from? so far all of these that i have read i recognize the characters, but this one baffles me...

}}

It's from the 2nd best anime/manga of all time (at least in my opinion!) The Prince of Tennis!

