Post Meeting Line-Up

Author: Gemmy

*000*2016-02-06 21:07

A couple of weeks ago I posted a story about my online friend who was stuck in her office and ended up having to pee into her bin out of desperation. After that event happened she told me about another incident of her being super desperate whilst at work and after she had told me she asked me if I could make it into a story for her as she sucks at writing so I saved the chat log so whilst I was writing it into a story I could copy and paste the messages and build around them. However before I started she said I could copy and paste the messages if I wanted but she would rather I make a story out of the situation she was in and make it detailed and make it as good as my other writing that she has read.

So I have used the situation and used quite a lot of her messages to copy and paste to make the bulk of the story and then I have added my own touch to it to pad it out a little. That is why I am posting this in the Fiction section, the events of this story actually happened and the bulk is her story as she told me but because I have written it from her point of view and have padded it out slightly I feel it belongs better here then the experiences section. I have sent it to her and she loved it and she is happy for it to be shared so hopefully you guys enjoy it as much as she did.

Post Meeting Line-Up

Before we begin let me introduce myself, my name is Tracy and I am 29 years old. All my life I have been a very submissive person and have always been in into orgasm control, tease and denial and bdsm. Through my travels within bdsm circles I came across the fetish of omorashi I started out enjoying being desperate and being forced to hold which was just a part of my submissive side. Over time I got more into omorashi and found enjoyment in seeing others desperate to pee and I think it was because I could appreciate what they were feeling and that turns me on.

Before I met Gemma and she became my sub and took control of my orgasms and bladder I used to enjoy making myself hold. I would hold at home until I ended up wetting myself and loved to hold whilst at work. Most of the time at work I would hold until I was about to burst and would dash off to the loo and it would be fine. However there have been a few occasions where things didn’t quite go to plan and I almost had some embarrassing accidents. This is one of the more memorable occasions this has happened.

As I said above I enjoy seeing others desperate to pee as well as being desperate myself and my job and work environment allows me to enjoy both. I work for a food manufacturing company that supplies to catering establishments such as hotels, restaurants and takeaways. I work for the marketing department and it’s our job to obviously market the company and drum up business. We do so by attending food and drink festivals and conventions. Our departments is situated in a small building off of the main factory/warehouse and just has two offices, an open work space and a break room with one bathroom.

Our department consists of me and three others. I am the event coordinator and it's my job to make arrangements and plan the logistics for when we go to events around the country. Then there is the Marketing Manager, Claire, who’s main job is to seek out event opportunities and book with venues. Then there are Steve and Jessica who go to these events and pitch our company to new prospective clients. The four of us have worked together for the past 7 years so we have a great working environment and are all good friends. The event in question took place last year and will stick in my mind forever.

I arrived at work at 9 o'clock and after turning on my computer I went to make myself a cup of coffee and after chatting with Steve for a while I went back to my desk to continue working on arrangements for an event we were going to in a few weeks time and that afternoon we were having a meeting to discuss the event and afterwards we were having a conference call with the people at the venue who were organising the event to put our plans into place and iron out any problems. I spent the morning going over the plans and making a report and at about 11 Jess came and asked if I wanted a drink. I gave her my cup and she went and made me another coffee. At 12 o’clock I went out and got myself some lunch and came back and ate it at my desk whilst finishing off the plans. With my lunch I had gotten a bottle of juice as part of the deal so I sipped at that whilst working away.

As I sat there the combination of the juice and the two cups of coffee were starting to affect my bladder and I enjoyed the feeling of it filling up and as time passed I gradually got desperate and was sat squirming at my desk. As 1 o’clock approached I decided I had better go and use the bathroom. As much as I wanted to keep holding I didn’t think going into a meeting of unknown length with a full bladder was such a good idea. I went to the bathroom and when I came back I gathered my documents and went to Claire’s office for the meeting. A couple of minutes later Jess came in carrying two cups and put one on Claire’s desk and the other was for her. Steve followed behind her and handed me my cup and I put it on the table. When Claire came back we started discussing the upcoming event.

As we sat discussing our plans I slowly sipped my coffee till my cup was empty. After an hour I could feel my bladder filling up again quite quickly. By the time the meeting was drawing to a close I was feeling a little desperate and decided I should go and use the bathroom once we finished. However when we wrapped up the meeting had gone on a bit longer and Claire wanted us to e-mail her the plans we had been working on whilst she rang the venue. I realised I wouldn’t have time to go to the loo but it wasn’t a problem as I could easily hold until after the call ended. I went back to my desk and as I was e-mailing the stuff to Claire Steve asked if I wanted a cuppa and I said I did without thinking. He brought it to me and put it on my desk.

He left my office and went back to his desk. A minute later my phone rang and I put my headset on and was greeted by my three colleagues and two people in charge of the event venue. The call started with discussing our physical stall and what things we would be bringing so we could determine logistics and I ran down my report and we discussed the several points. Once that was finished we were already half an hour into the call and by now I was busting for a pee and sat gently squirming at my desk.

I sat back to listen and comment on the next stage of planning as Claire ran down some points. As I was listening to the conversation I absentmindedly sipped at my coffee and cursed each time I did. Eventually my cup was empty and was cursing myself as my bladder had filled even more and I was absolutely busting for a pee and was now sat on the edge of my chair crossing and uncrossing my legs and bouncing them in desperation. Luckily I wasn’t having to conversate too much as the focus was on Steve and Jess which meant I could concentrate on my squirming. After 10 minutes of leg bouncing I was urging the call to head towards wrapping up.

As much as I was enjoying my full bladder I was getting close to the point where I was almost wetting myself and really didn’t want to wet myself at my desk. I was now sat opening and closing my legs and wiggling on my butt as my desperation continued to increase. After been on the call for just over 50 minutes the conversation steered towards ending which I was thankful for as I was now so close to 10/10 on the desperation scale and was having to concentrate on keeping my knickers dry. They seemed to be taking forever to wrap things up and I was sitting there whispering “come on...come on” under my breath. Finally the two people on the other end of the call said their goodbyes and hung up. Claire asked Jess something which I didn’t catch, I wasn’t concentrating then she said we were done and we all hung up.

I took my headset off and slowly stood up. I had to cross my legs for a moment to stop myself from losing control. I heard movements outside my door and heard Claire talking to the other two and then she walked past my door. Once I was in control and I quickly walked over to my door and walked out into the corridor. I asked Jess if she could e-mail me the updated documents that she had been making changes to during the call and she said she would. I walked down the corridor and into the break room and when I walked across towards the bathroom I noticed the door was closed and realised Claire was in there. I walked across and stood by the window and looked out as I stood bouncing on the spot.

I heard movement behind me and I looked round and saw Steve walk into the room. He went and put his cup on the sink and then said “I take it Claire is in there”. I nodded and he asked if I was waiting and I said I was. He came and stood next to me and was talking about the call and the stuff we discussed and as he did I noticed he was bouncing his leg and I wondered how bad he needed to pee. He saw me looking and looked at my legs bouncing and said “too much coffee huh?”. I giggled and said “yeah, it's always the case”. He smiled and said “Yeah tell me about it, I thought that call was never going to end”. Knowing I wasn’t the only one that was desperate was a turn on but also made my own need worse and I bobbed on the spot. He laughed and said “looks like you need to go as bad as me”.

There were quick footsteps coming down the corridor and we both looked at the door as Jess came in. She headed towards us and when she realised the bathroom was closed she let out a moan and danced on the spot and said “oh god is Claire in there”. When we both said yes she danced again and said “I hope she is quick i'm about to burst”. Steve laughed and said “yeah join the club”. She looked over at us and when she realised what he meant she crossed her legs and said “oh god are you two waiting”. We both nodded and she had a look despair on her face. She walked over and stood next to us dancing on the spot and making those noises people make when bursting for a pee and watching her turned me on like crazy.

My own desperation was getting intense and I lost a few drips into my knickers and I grabbed myself to stop anymore coming out. A few minutes later Claire came out and I dashed in and the last thing I heard was both Steve and Jess telling me to be quick. The sight of the toilet made me suddenly leak into my knickers and I frantically pulled up my skirt and sat down. The instant my butt touched the seat I burst and peed a torrent through my knickers. It was so loud splashing in the water but nowhere near as loud as my sigh of relief. The stream kept coming and coming and all I could think about was how long it was taking and my two friends outside dancing in desperation.

Eventually the stream died down and I sighed happily. I looked at my now soaked knickers and quickly pulled my skirt down over them. I washed my hands and then headed out. When I opened the door Steve dashed in and I was left with Jess with her hand jammed between her legs and pee dancing like crazy. I asked if she was okay and she laughed and said “yeah, just feel like im about to flood the floor, you might need a mop”. I laughed and just watched her super sexy pee dance. After a couple of minutes she suddenly knocked loudly on the door and shouted “hurry up Steve, I’m starting to wet myself”. She looked at me and when she saw me looking at her i said “really?”.

She laughed and said “yeah, my knickers are getting damp, that’s how desperate I am, if he isn’t quick I am going to wee myself”. If only she knew how wet my knickers were. Feeling them clinging to my skin was driving me crazy. She broke out into an epic pee dance with her hand jammed between her legs and after a minute of this Steve came out of the bathroom and she dashed inside. She was in there for a while and when she came out she let out a long breath and said “that was very close, I thought I was going to burst at my desk, I didn’t get chance to pee after the meeting and all through that call I was busting”. I laughed and said “yeah me too, it looks like we all were, the effects of too much coffee”. She laughed and then asked if I wanted one. She made us all a cuppa and then she went back to her desk.

I went back to my office and sat in my chair. The combination of my desperation, my wet knickers and the desperation of my workmates had me super aroused and my pussy was dripping wet. I couldn’t wait and slipped my hand down my knickers and rubbed hard on my clit. It didn’t take much until I was gripping the desk hard as my body was rocked by an amazing orgasm. I laid on my desk for a moment recovering then when I came round I realised my knickers were now even more wet and I had to take them off. I slipped them into my bag and then spent the rest of the day getting super aroused knowing I had nothing under my skirt. A couple of months after that event I met Gemma who became my Dom and took control of my orgasms and bladder so now I spend most of my time at work squirming with a bursting bladder and I love it.

