Winter desperation

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2016-06-04 02:01

Emily had waited for this school day to end but it was taking forever. She was a 17 year old senior and already knew everything the teacher was talking about. 2min. Away from the end of class she snuck a peek at her phone to look at the time unfortunately the teacher saw and not only took her phone away but gave her 3 hours of detention considering that this wasn't the first time her phone was taken.

Emily already needed to go the the bathroom at the end of class but she thought she would be home before long. The snow kept coming down and soon the grass was gone. Emily's desperation was getting worse by the min. And we needed to do something so she asked the teacher but was shushed and left more helpless.

An hour passes and Emily fidgets and squirms non stop. She is once again shushed by the teacher and given another hour of detention. (Talk about a real shit show)

3 hours in total pass and Emily's bladder is wailing in pain,tears form in her eyes, her legs squeezed as tight as they can be,the teacher decides that because snow is getting very bad everyone should leave immediately. Without a minutes waist everyone is sent home.

Emily still very desperate begins her trek home.

1 mile away Davis slings a snowball at Emily surprising her bladder and a big leak escapes noticeable to everyone. Emily begins a faster pace putting all the pressure her hands can on her crotch to keep from any more leaks.

Her bladder which is at a breaking point she thought impossible begins sending bursts of leaks out of her body into her already soaked panties and wool jeans. With every leak the stream becomes bigger,tears stream down her face as she runs for the door. She opens the door and runs to her homes bathroom. Right in the kitchen she loses all control and her wool pants are soaked until il starts dripping into her snow shoes filling them up to the rim. She begins to wail uncontrollably as urine still flows out of her.

And thus ends the story...tell me whatcha thought right below here so I can improve. I am Dracon and I hope you enjoyed

*001*2016-06-04 04:10

It's only now that I realize that end part sounds fucking retarded

