Date with my Sexy Female Boss (part 1)

Author: Brenman

*000*2021-10-20 22:43

Part 1... who wants more?

Margaret the Estate Agent

So this is the story of the time I got to date my incredible (and this night incredibly desperate) former boss named Margaret.

I worked for a real estate development company for eight years in the early 2000s. We worked out one floor in a fairly small office building in Hartford, Connecticut. Our office consisted of about 20 cubicles and two restrooms, a mens room with a stall and a urinal and a lady’s room, which I would come to learn later, consisted of two stalls. It was a fairly evenly distributed work environment as far as genders were concerned, there being approximately ten guys and ten gals working on the team.

A word on our boss Margaret. Margaret was thirty-nine, and was a truly inspirational woman who had mastered the craft of estimates and development procedures for years. If Margaret hadn’t been working in real estate, then surely she would have made a killing in Wall Street, would have made herself an excellent career in the military, or perhaps would have even been great as a sports coach for a women’s track team. She just had an extreme commanding, go-getter attitude about her, and while was almost always positive in her disposition, was also determined to keep her expectations of those of us working beneath her, high.

Physically, Margaret was very buxom, had nice large breasts, a thin waist, and a very very large behind which she kept toned with several early morning hours spent at the gym. She had long blonde hair, handsome features and basically resembled a slightly thicker, but still toned, Gisele Bundchen in the face. Margaret liked to wear tight women’s business skirts, and often times, it was hard to avoid staring at Margaret’s rear end whenever she would strut through the office in her tight skirts, or would bend over at the waist to reach down and fill her cup at the water cooler.

When I had first joined the company, Margaret gave me and several other guys a brief tour of the office, something that had been colloquially dubbed the “two-times” tour, by people who worked in this office. Why was it called the two-times tour? I and several others were about to find out. Margaret lead us throughout the office that day in a tight, navy-blue dress that clung to her womanly ass enticingly.

“So we’ve got the invoices in this bin here, the project files in this one, and finally this one is miscellaneous.” She said pointing at several plastic bins spread along a table in one of the office rooms. “Now, which bin has the invoices?” she said, whipping around to face us young men, as we all stared up at her in silence. “What’s that? Nobody can tell me? Maybe that’s why you all should be paying a little more attention to what I’m showing you, and less attention to my butt.” Margaret said with a knowing smile. “And that’s why they call this the two-times tour, because I have to show everything two times!” Margaret said, laughing out loud. The tension in the air had been broken and we were all able to loosen up a bit more after that.

We later learned that Margaret indeed had been married, but that her husband had left her after getting caught having an affair with a young girl from Brooklyn, who worked in the same office as him, somewhere across town. I always felt that there was a flirtatiousness in the way that Margaret communicated and interacted with me, but I’m sure several other guys in the office felt the same way, most likely just wishful thinking, dreaming of bedding this sporty, blonde fox of a woman.

We had a break room directly connected to the office that had a seemingly endless supply of coffee, a vending machine, and a water cooler. Often times Margaret would meet and chat with several of us in the break room as we all shared a cup, or two, of our morning coffee while discussing where we were on the timelines of the various different projects we had underway. Margaret always seemed to have this sexy glow about her, her skin always looking incredible moist, which she explained was a result of good exercise and hydration, her 5am gym routines before work being a non-negotiable part of her day, she would explain as she would down several cups of water in the break room, following her coffee. Margaret encouraged good health, exercise, hydration, discipline as being as vital a part of succeeding in the real-estate market as studying any of the numbers. Good health meant good focus, Margaret explained.

My small office cubicle was directly across from the set of restrooms, which was very convenient for me, as I would often find myself headed to the urinal to relieve myself after the morning’s water and coffee, several times, and even found this distraction itself to be a relief from the constant study of numbers, data entry, data analytics, etc. I had worked in accounting for about six months, and wanted to move into location scouting and appraisal, which involved leaving the office and driving around different parts of New England for potential development projects. Margaret had promised to allow me to shadow her on a few of these trips soon for training, and it was my job to do my numerical work, and wait patiently for my first “scouting outing”.

I mention that the restrooms were directly across the hall from my cubicle, and I even got to become friends with the janitor, Jackson, who would come by in the afternoons to clean the restrooms, and even turned him onto to trying skittles from the vending machine, a first for him. As I was a keen watcher for desperation, I would often notice when the women would enter the restroom, though they were almost entirely composed, and never seemed in the slightest rush.

Except for a couple of instances, and rare as they were, they were all the sweeter for it. There was one afternoon when Margaret had taken Julie out with her for Julie’s first “scouting outing”. They had left the office at about 9:30 that morning, and at this point it was about 3:15 in the afternoon. I was just finishing a glass of water in the break room when I heard rushed and heavy female breathing entering the office, and stepped out of the break room just in time to see Julie walking with considerable haste down the narrow hallway space between the cubicles, Margaret trailing behind her at a much more relaxed pace before she turned into her office.

“How was the outing, Julie?” I asked her. Julie had been at the company for a couple of months longer than I had, looked like a young Melissa Joan Hart, and had always been friendly with me, especially when I had just been new to the office. She was slim and pretty, and had hooked up with a tall, handsome man from her hometown named, Brad, but had she been single, Julie definitely would have been my type. This day Julie wore a tight grey skirt that ended just above her knees, and a white top that had cute little fraying lace at the shoulders. She had blonde hair, and often beamed a big bright smile as she greeting people in the mornings, as her cubicle was closest to the entrance of the whole office. This particular afternoon, she wasn’t quite smiling when she turned back to address me, and actually appeared to be somewhat flustered and out of breath.

“Ugh! It was good until it was torture!” Julie said, with a laugh as she turned back to face me. I looked down, and Julie was subtly stepping between her feet as she stood facing me. I should have known that she was headed for the restroom as I was well aware that her cubicle was back in the direction of the entrance, but when I looked down and recognized all the telltale signs of a girl with a need to relieve herself, the stepping feet, the quivering and tensing thighs, the quick panicky breathing, the look of worry bleeding through the smile, what can I say? These are a few of my favorite things.

To be continued.......

*003*2021-10-21 15:24

Part 2

“Torture?!” I asked, laughing with her. Julie brought her leg up in the air, bending her knee before stepping down and doing the same with the other leg, looking like she were on an invisible stairmaster, a classic pee dance.

Julie exhaled loudly, “I’ve had to pee for like two and a half hours now! I couldn’t use the bathroom at the property!” Julie exclaimed before continuing quickly to the restrooms. I followed behind her, headed towards my cubicle. Julie had a nice bubbly behind and she walked very quickly, with the obvious need to relieve herself.

“OH! No no no no no no.” Julie said before she started to walk in circles outside the restroom. The doorway to the women’s room had been proper open with a sign that read CAUTION: WET FLOOR: and Jackson was inside, mopping the tile floor of the small bathroom.

“Okay, okay, okay” Julie said as she paced in circles outside the closed women’s room. Julie forced a smile as I passed her and sat down in my cubicle chair, just feet away from her. From the angle at which I was seated, I could see Jackson through the propped open ladies room door, dutifully mopping the tiled floor.

When Julie realized my cubicle was just next to the restrooms and that I was witness to her desperate movements, she seemed to grow self-conscious and tried to drive down her dancing. She looked over to me, and seeming to feel a need to be polite, she forced a smile and asked, “How has your afternoon been here?”

“Oh you know, same old same old, just running numbers” but before I had even finished my sentence, Julie was turning back to peek into the restroom, stepping back and forth between her feet, Jackson still mopping, Julie turned back to me with a big sigh of frustration. She looked frantic, a young, pretty, but very distressed looking Melissa Joan Hart lookalike, frantic, frantic for a pee.

“Yeah, well we need the numbers people.” Julie said as she reached into the edges of the top of her skirt at her sides and slid her thumbs forward, bringing the waist of the skirt away from her rounded-looking abdomen, no doubt swollen from a full bladder. She breathed loudly, and could not stand still in place, try as she might.

“You alright Julie?” I asked.

Julie forced a smile and drove down her pee dance, “yes, I’m fine” her thighs still quivering in place. Just then, Jackson turned and saw me and stopped mopping as he greeted me with a big smile.

“Hey Alex, you save any of those skittles for me today?” Jackson asked with a jovial tone. Julie looked annoyed as she saw Jackson stop mopping.

“Not today man” I said. “I’ve switched over to the Lays potato chips! Change of season!” I said as I held up a new bag of Lays chips that I had on my desk. Jackson smiled and held open his hands in a “pass them over here” gesture. I tossed the bag of Lay’s chips across the hall into the ladies room where Jackson caught them, and at this friendly, distracted moment, Julie suddenly snapped at Jackson.

“Are you nearly done in there?” she asked, with noticeable annoyance in her tone.

“Yes I am ma’am, in just a couple of minutes, but this floor’s gonna take longer than that to dry. I might recommend that you go and come back in five minutes.” Jackson said, with a jovial, but matter-of-fact tone.

At a loss for words, Julie blushed and briskly stepped away without even saying anything to myself or to Jackson. Jackson smiled at me with a “what was that?” look. I shrugged as I got up and made my way to the men’s room, directly next door to Jackson’s mopping of the ladies room.

The door shut behind me and I walked past the sink and the single stall to the urinal, pulled my cock from my pants and began peeing into the great porcelain vessel. Suddenly I hear the door to the men’s room pushed open behind me, Julie rushing into the restroom, her hands reaching behind her back, and undoing the clasp of her skirt. Seeing me suddenly, she stopped and stepped from foot to foot, her heels clacking against the tiled floors loudly.

“Oh god, I’m sorry, I wouldn’t have come in if I knew it was occupied.” she said as she held up her loosened skirt, the waste clasp now undone. “I’ll wait outside”. she said as she reached behind her in an attempt to redo her skirt clasp. “Oooooooooh” she said with pain in her voice, still stepping from foot to foot, heels clacking loudly on the tiled floor as she brought the pressure back on her waist with the skirt clasp. I didn’t know what to say at all, but Julie paused before clasping her skirt, and let it loose again before she turned to me, blushing, before quickly looking away.

“I’m sorry, I just, I - I need to keep my skirt unclasped until I can relieve myself, and I- I just, I don't want to go back out there like this, oh god” (LOUD clacking of Julie’s heels on tile) “I - can I just wait right here? This is so embarrassing.” Julie said to me, panic in her voice.

“Yeah that’s okay, Julie, it’s not a big deal. You can use the men’s room if you need.” I said with empathy for the poor secretary.

“Okay,” Julie said, her eyes flicking between me and the empty stall just two feet behind where I stood. “I’ll just wait right here for you to finish” Julie said, continuing her pee dance in the men’s room. How peculiar, I thought to myself, here she is, this bubbly blonde little secretary with her skirt undone due to her swollen bladder, still feeling an odd need to be polite and wait for me to finish peeing at the urinal before allowing herself the chance to dive into the stall, yank up her skirt, pull down her panties and finally relieve herself.

Her breathing was quick and panicky, and the continuous clacking of her heels on the tiled flooring was awkwardly, obnoxiously loud, as she dutifully waited for me to finish urinating at the urinal. My stream was steady, and emitted a very quiet trickling sound as my piss found it’s way into the water at the drain. When my stream began to slow and hit the water directly, producing a MUCH louder splashing sound, Julie grabbed her crotch and squeezed hard with both hands as she bent forward and let out a guttural “Oh godddddd!”

“Julie, please, you don’t have to wait for me to finish, please pee” I said, motioning to the stall, genuinely feeling bad for the girl.

“Oh thank you thank you thank you!” Julie said as she rushed into the single stall. On the other side of the stall door, her frantic heel clacking continued as she struggled to get the lock fixed in the stall door. “UGHHHHH” Julie moaned as she struggled to get the mechanism in place. She finally got it and with lighting speed managed to tear down her panties (pink lacey panties around her high heeled ankles) and lifted up her skirt as she sat her bubble bottom on the toilet seat before unleashing a LOUD splashing stream directly into the toilet water.

“OHHHHHHHHHH Oh god” I heard her utter, and as I was still peeing at the urinal, she seemed to grow self-conscious again and diverted her rushing stream to the porcelain on the sides of the bowl, quieting down on the splashing sounds. Her peeing still sounded HIGHLY pressurized, and her “Ohhhhh gooodddddddd”s accompanying her well earned relief sounded extremely sensual, and full of genuine relief. Julie had clearly been dying to pee for ages. I finished at the urinal, washed my hands, dried them, through out the paper towels, all while Julie was still pissing and breathing noisily in the stall, just feet from where I stood. I was just about to exit the men’s room when I heard the toilet flush and turned to see a very sheepish looking Julie emerge.

“Oh god, that’s so much better” she said to me with a shy, meek, smile, blushing a rosy pink at the cheeks as she approached me at the sink to wash her hands.

“Sounded like you really needed it.” I said, not knowing quite how to respond to the whole situation, but picking up on Julie’s open, if abashed, broaching of the subject of her voluminous peeing.

“Ugh, you have no idea, I haven’t peed since before coffee this morning, and when Margaret went out to the property, which was more than 90 minutes away, nobody told me you aren’t supposed to use the commodes at these properties, and so I’m out there barely able to focus, but having to just hold it in the whole time, with Ms. Super Bladder Margaret telling me the whole time “oh it’s just part of the trade, get used to holding it!” Julie laughed as she said this.

“I guess I’ll know for next time, but I seriously needed to go this afternoon. Julie turned off the tap and retrieved paper towels from the dispenser as she dried her hands. “Go ahead of me, please. This is so embarrassing.” Julie uttered with another meek smile, asking me to exit the restroom ahead of her, feeling somehow like exiting alone would ease some of the “shame” of what she’d been forced to do.

With a “sure thing” and a subtle nod, I exited the men’s room and proceeded back to my desk, Julie exiting a few moments after me, nearly bumping into Jackson as he brought the mop bucket towards the men’s room. She awkwardly turned away from Jackson and rushed away, hoping not to be noticed by anyone else exiting the men’s room.

As I sat at my desk, I began to contemplate something that Julie had said when she referred to Margaret as “Ms. Super Bladder”. Thinking back, the moniker seemed quite accurate, Margaret always joined us for our morning coffee in the break room, and always emphasized proper hydration, but as my desk was located so near to the restroom, I couldn’t help but recognize that Margaret almost never seemed to use the restroom, save for only once at the very end of the day, and even then, she never appeared to be in any sort of a rush at all.

This could easily have been chalked up to the fact that she spent a lot of her days on outings at potential project locations, but if it were true as a rule of thumb that the agents form our company weren’t to use the facilities at these properties, that would seem to imply that Margaret would just “hold it” all day long, until just before leaving to go home at about 5 o'clock in the evening. Could this possibly be true? I looked up at the clock on my desk. 3:30, it read. Curiosity getting the better of me, I decided to go and pay Margaret a visit at her office. I had some documents to drop off to her anyway, so it only made sense to go and see her.

I grabbed a few spreadsheets that I owed Margaret and stood from my desk, walking over to the hallway. Margaret’s office was around the corner on the next aisle over, and as I turned into her office, I was met with the mesmerizing sight of Margaret’s delicious rear-end painted in her tight pink skirt as she bent over her desk looking over a map of some property or another. God, that woman had a beautiful butt.

“Thought I’d bring you these.” I said, as Margaret turned to me surprised at first, then happy to see the documents in hand.

To be continued...

*005*2021-10-21 18:25

Part 3

“Thanks, perfect, just what I needed.” she said. “And how are you holding up with all of these spreadsheets?” She asked me.

“It…you know, no problem at all, just numbers.” I said. Margaret stood perfectly casually by her desk, and showed no signs at all of needing the restroom, unlike poor Julie.

“Good, well, I’m going to take you on your first scout next week, if you think you’re ready for it.” she said to me with a big beaming smile.

“Can’t wait” I said, before proceeding from the room. I made my way back to my cubicle. “Ms. Super Bladder” is right I thought to myself. Margaret seemed entirely fine, and yet had had just as much coffee (and more water) as the rat of us in the break room that morning. What gives? I thought. Had she really just trained herself to “hold it” all day long and had just gotten used to doing this? I thought nothing more of it, until at about 4:55, just before the end of the day, I looked up to see Margaret’s pink-skirted butt walking into the ladies room as she pushed the door open, but again, not rushed looking at all, just a perfunctory visit to the restroom before the drive home, it seemed. Strong woman, I thought.

The rest of that week was fairly unremarkable. About the middle of the next week came, and Margaret enters my cubicle one morning at about 10 am.

“Knock knock” she says. Turning, I see that Margaret’s standing beside a slim young woman in about her mid 20s. “This is Elle, she’s from the New York division, and she’s actually gonna be trailing along for our scouting outing, today. Are you about ready to depart?” she asked.

“Hi” Elle said, extending a hand to me. “Elle.”

“I’m Alex” I said, taking Elle’s petite hand in my own.

We left a few minutes later, Margaret driving, and me politely allowing Elle the front passenger seat of the car. The whole drive out to the property, Elle was chipper and cheery as she gazed around at the the New England countryside, being a New York City girl, Elle was quick to explain to us that the countryside was an entirely different, and welcome world for her, this didn’t keep her from insisting that we stop at Starbuck’s so that she could get her favorite fall latte, and in good spirits, Margaret and I decided to indulge Elle and try one for ourselves.

It was a ninety minute drive by the time we were out there, and the countryside’s turning colors of fall were engrossingly gorgeous. Finally we pulled up to a long gravel driveway, which took us about a minute to Upon arrival, Julie began looking in all directions around the property, as she held her empty Starbuck’s drink.

“I suppose they’ll have a trashcan, inside.” Julie said.

“Well it’s likely…” Margaret said, eyeing Julie’s Starbuck’s cup. “but we won’t be going inside, today.”

“Oh no?” Elle said, looking confused.

“No, no, this is just a property run, we’re just looking at exterior dimensions, today. We won’t be touring the house. Just the outside.” Margaret said.

We began to tour the property. It was a vast estate, and we’d just begun to make our way along a well worn path covered in fallen leaves, the fences of the tennis courts covered in overgrown vines. The whole place was quite a pretty, autumnal scene. It took us nearly an hour just to scan the first perimeter of the property, Margaret pointing several things out to us along the way, myself taking mental notes, while Elle wrote things down in a small pad.

By the time we were nearly through touring the property, I’d noticed that Elle’s brow was furrowed and that she kept letting out muffled but frustrated sounding sighs, and her note-tkaing had become more abridged, more succinct. Whenever we would pause, Elle kept her thighs clung tightly together in her slim skirt. She seemed tense, and when Margaret finally anounced,

“Well! That’s it for us!” Elle let out a noticeable sigh of relief as she tucked her pad away in her purse. We made our way back to the car, and got in in the same seating arrangements. About forty minutes into the drive, Elle, had grown very quiet, and had taken to sitting with her legs crossed in the front seat, to uncrossing thems and holding them tightly together, but they were always constantly quivering with subtle, but alarming speed. She would let out long sighs and would lift her seatbelt from her abdomen from time to time as she wrong cross her legs tightly. She needed to pee, and I couldn’t blame her, for so did I. I’d been experiencing the effects of a growing bladder for the entirety of the tour too, and if I hadn’t been so distracted with Elle’s antics, I may have focused more on my own. I’d had the same amount of coffee as Elle and Margaret had, and when we passed an exit for a rest stop, Elle looked longingly out her window as she finally asked,

“Oooh, do you think we could stop at the next one? I’m sorry but that latte’s gone right through me, I could use a stop.” Elle said. Finally, I thought.

“Of course, no problem.” Margaret said. “I could actually use a stop, myself.”

“Ooh, this was new” I thought to myself. “Margaret never seems to need a “stop” until the very end fo the day near 5 o clock, but then again, we all had had an extra coffee drink in addition to our coffee back at the office earlier in the morning, and Margaret had also drank a large plastic thermos of water she carried with her as she took us around on the tour. It was logical that all of these liquids had finally caught up to Margaret.

Soon we hit a slow down in the traffic, the cars all halting to a crawl. This worried Elle.

“Ohhh, god, no, this is not happening.” She said as her legs began fanning in and out quickly. Her legs just kept moving as the car crawled forward.

“Oh but it sure is.” said Margaret, with resignation in her voice. Margaret let out a frustrated sigh, and peeking ahead, the traffic was thick and was moving quite slowly, no doubt the result of a car wreck somewhere up ahead in the road. Elle sighed loudly in frustration as she pulled the seatbelt away from her abdomen once again, the seatbelt making loud shushing noises as it was pulled in and out from it’s release valve.

“huuuuhhhhhh” Elle said, letting out loud moaning noises as she frantically fanned her thighs in and out. I also needed to pee pretty badly by this point, that coffee from earlier having caught up to em as well, and decided to move into the center seat in the back to keep a better eye on the traffic jam ahead, not acknowledging the fact that this gave me no power to change anything about our circumstances. As I moved into the middle seat, away from behind Margaret’s seat, Margaret’s own tight-skirted-thighs came into my line of sight. While not fanning in and out frantically like Elle’s, Margaret’s thighs were subtly, but constantly, bouncing up and down in her seat, her fingers constantly tapping the steering wheel in a speedy rhythm.

“Ughh, I really need the restroom. I really wish I’d known that there wouldn’t be facilities at the location.” Elle said with a quick, strained words.

Nonplussed, Margaret replied quickly,

“Well, it’s just part of the job. Sometimes we’re just there to survey the land.”

Elle sighed in frustration. “Well I guess I just didn’t realize there wouldn’t be restrooms, I’m sorry, this is my first day. Ughhhhhhh.” Elle’s thighs were fanning rapidly, making quiet clapping sounds when they would meet in the middle, and her skirt had ridden up her legs considerably now too, giving me a lovely view of her long, lithe thighs.

“Look, we’re going to stop as soon as we can, alright? Generally I don’t need the restroom til the end of the day-“ Margaret said, sounding uncertain as to how to handle the situation.

“Okay, and generally I don’t need to beg for the bathroom like a schoolgirl, either!” Elle snapped. She quickly covered her mouth with her hands. “God, I’m sorry, I really, I don’t mean to snap. I just- UGHH!!! I need to PEE SO BADLY! Ohhhhh god, I’m sorry.” and with this Elle sat up from her seat, and pulled up her skirt clear of her thin behind as she gripped frantically at her crotch with one hand while she held her seatbelt away from her swollen bladder with the other. She sat back down in her skirt, holding herself tightly now.

“You don’t have to be sorry.” Margaret said, her thighs bouncing very subtly. “It’s alright, you didn’t have any warning, but it was you who wanted those latte’s, if you’ll remember correctly.”

“Ughhhhh” Elle said, as she quickly picked up her empty latte cup from the upholder of the car, before dropping it back in. (Was she actually contemplating peeing in it? The world will never know.) She was still clutching her crotch tightly with her other hand, not daring to let go, her thighs slapping each other a little harder now.

The traffic before us was starting to move a little bit more now, and this seemed to give Elle some reassurance. She still held her crotch, but was a little less vocal with her moaning now. Instead, now she’d taken to breathing hard breaths through clenched teeth, sucking air in quickly through tightly pursed lips as she stared with worried concentration at the road ahead. She let out a long, strained whimper, sounding nearly like the cry of a distressed dog.

“Ughhh!” she moaned out loud as her hand quickly flung to the empty cup again.

“You guys, I’m sorry but I’m going to pee any minute- I- I need to pee in-“

To be continued....

*006*2021-10-21 20:24

Who wants more?

*008*2021-10-21 21:36

Part 4

“There’s a rest stop!” Margaret exclaimed, pointing ahead.

“Ohhhhhh” Elle moaned as she once again dropped the cup back into the cupholder, clutching her crotch tightly.

When we finally pulled into the parking lot, Elle frantically released her seatbelt and flew out of the car to the ladies room. The ensuing silence was so awkward as Margaret and I stared out at the running Elle, that for a moment I forgot my own need to pee, as it had paled in comparison with Elle’s. Margaret turned back to me.

“Well, that was a hell of a first impression.” she said.

I laughed awkwardly as I reached for my door handle to visit the men’s room for a much needed piss, myself. “I’ll be back in just a minute.”

Margaret looked out with a look of surprise at me as I walked across the parking lot towards the restrooms. I didn’t care, much like Elle, I also needed to pee and was relieved that we’d made a stop.

I entered the men’s room, approached a urinal, did my thing, washed my hands, and as I was exiting the rest room, Elle was exiting the ladies room, with a big, rosy-cheeked smile of relief, walking with a much more relaxed posture now, her skirt smoothed down over her legs, clearly having gained the relief she desperately needed.

“Feeling better for that?” I asked her with a smile.

“Oh GOD yes! I haven’t needed to pee so badly in years! Sorry we had to stop.” Elle said, sheepishly.

“No no, don’t be sorry, I needed a stop, too.” I said.

We got back into the car, and I for some reason had expected Elle to be angry with Margaret, with having brought her so close to humiliation, but instead, the opposite emotion prevailed as Elle spent the rest of the ride apologizing to Margaret for her desperate antics earlier, that she “hadn’t needed to pee so badly in years.” and so on. Margaret assured her it was okay and was able to laugh it off and move on as we drove the final hour to the office. I too felt so relieved from the rest stop that it didn’t it me until we were pulling into the office parking lot and I once again noticed Margaret’s bouncing thighs, she still hadn’t peed, and it seemed like she needed to.

How odd, I thought. Why hadn’t she gone back at the rest stop? Did she feel too awkward after Elle had snapped at her in the car? We proceeded to our office floor and the Margaret sent e to my office to write up a formal report of our first survey while she pulled Elle into her office to discuss some things.

An hour and twenty minutes later, at about 4:40, I heard quick, heeled steps coming from the carpeted aisle floor in the hall. I turned to see Margaret, seemingly headed towards the restroom. She stopped, making eye-contact with me.

“Enjoy your first scouting outing?” she said with a smile.

“Sure did, it was a lot of fun.” I said. Margaret’s thighs were pressed together tightly under her skirt, and seemed extremely tense. She lifted one foot from the floor and crossed her leg over the other, held it there.

“You alright? It’s not quite five yet!” I quickly said, with a joking, jovial tone, before biting my tongue with regret. What had I just said to her?

“What?” Margaret said, with a confused smile on her face. “What does that mean?” she laughed.

At a loss for words, I spoke only the truth. “You said in the car earlier that you don’t go to the bathroom until the end of the day.” I said.

Margaret laughed a big, bellowy laugh, other people in the office surely hearing her. She glanced over at my clock with a smile.

“What are you saying that we need to work still for another twenty minutes til the end of the day, then?” she asked, joking.

“Actually, I would love to ask you a few questions about the survey earlier.” I said with a straight voice, acting nonchalant about the fact that Margaret had her quivering, tensing thighs crossed tightly under her skirt trying to hold in her pee.

She looked slightly taken aback for a moment. A bold move I’d made, for sure, but I showed no particular interest as on the surface as to what was going on. She exhaled.

“But of course” she said, as she uncrossed her legs and made her way over to my desk in my cubicle. There was only one chair, and I was sitting in it, forcing Margaret to lean over my desk next to me as I showed her some of the points on the map that I had questions about. As she leaned over me, she bent entirely at the knees, keeping her abdomen straight, and she bounced her knees lightly. She crossed her legs once, very tightly, and kept them that way as she continued to concentrate on what I was saying, as I spouted out arbitrary questions about the day’s property. At one point, she glanced up at the clock. Another eight minutes to go. Margaret exhaled loudly, furrowed her eye brows as she stared at me trying to keep her focus on what we were discussing, rather than on her full full bladder.

When the clock finally struck five, a light smile flashed quickly across Margaret’s face as she glanced up at the clock, uncrossed her legs, and straightened up her posture as she began stepping to my cubicle’s exit panel.

“But what about separate insurance for each of the different activities if it were to be turned into a sporting club?” I asked mischievously, knowing that this was a loaded , complicated question with manny differently branching answers that needed time to thoroughly explain, precious time on Margaret’s full full bladder. She stood straight up in my cubicle doorway as she forced herself to answer my question, but all friendliness had left her tone now as she sounding increasingly kurt and succinct in her answers, a struggle given the complexity of the subject matter. She was shifting her weight from side to side constantly now too, and taken to crossing her arms in front of her in a frustrated looking position. Her eyes glanced up at the clock, and she chuckled a quick, breathless laugh as she smiled to me asking in a joking sort of tone,

“Okay, it’s five-fifteen already, do I have your permission to use the restroom, sir?” Margaret asked, stepping back and forth between her feet. My boss asking ME permission to use the restroom?! Even as a joke it was kind of crazy!

“Yes you do.” was all I could say as I stared across my cubicle at my sexy boss, stepping frantically between foot to foot, desperate to urinate.

“Oh thank you!” she said with a smile as she quickly flung around and entered the ladies room. Through the door I could hear the her clacking heels on tile and the swinging metal high of a restroom stall. I stood quickly from my desk and duck into the men’s room. Silently, I made my way into the stall and shut the door behind me as I quickly stood on the toilet seat and tilted my ears towards the ac vent leading into the adjacent ladies room. I heard nothing at first, then a quiet,

“huhhhh” in Margaret’s voice before an absolute firehose pressured volley of piss splashed loudly against the porcelain on the side of the bowl. “Ohhhhhhhhh god” Margaret moaned, exhaling strongly in relief. I could hear the high pitched, high pressured hissing sound of Margaret’s pussy emitting the urine as it fired it out against the inner toilet bowl. Thirty-five seconds in, Margaret was still going strong. “Ohhhhh” she let out, clearly relieved by the chance to finally pee.

I got down from the toilet and exited the restroom, lest I be thought to be a creep who enjoys listening to ladies desperately urinate through ac vents in office restrooms. I heard the toilet flush through the ladies room door and her Margaret exit the stall and turn on the sink faucet. When she was done washing her hands, she exited the stall, and seemed surprised to see me staring back at her.

She exhaled, as she looked at me for a long moment.

“Wow did I need that. I was really straining.” she said. She smiled at me for a long moment. “Well, alright then, I guess I’m off.” she said, before walking away down the aisle, her beautiful ass swaying to and fro as she proceeded down the aisle. It was odd just how powerful the effect was on me, what had happened just several minutes before, Margaret having asked me permission to use the restroom. It turned me on just slightly. I liked the feeling of having the power to deny Margaret the right to pee, I was hungry for more of it…

I went home that night and lay in bed, and as my gaze spaced out from the ceiling fan to the ether beyond, my mind was replaying the final minutes of Margaret’s desperate antics as she danced around in my cubicle earlier in the day. A shiver hear, a leg cross here, a sigh of frustration there, all culminating with my sexy boss asking finally to be allowed to excuse herself and pee. I made myself cum in minutes, savoring the fresh memory of Margaret acting all cute and dancing around, legs shaking. It was on odd sight, seeing Margaret desperate for a pee, as this almost never happened, her strolling casually into the lades room being her typical routine. She had gone all day without going to the bathroom for sure, and had even gone over time, and she had even had extra liquids with the coffee she’d consumed on the road that day at the behest of Elle.

It seemed like nearly enough to break poor Margaret, but alas the bladder queen had made it to the end of the day like she’d always been destined to before, and likely would repeat work day after work day into the future, always striding across a freshly cleaned tile floor due to Jackson’s diligent custodial routine. But as I lay staring at the ceiling, I began to wonder just what might be possible with a tiny bit of planning, just a few, carefully recalculated baby-steps, a good step one for instance being if I could just delay Jackson by one hour, just to somehow line up the wet-floor unavailability of the ladies room for the end of the day……….

The next day’s sun rose with haste and deliberate encouragement as I poured my breakfast cereal down my throat and proceeded to work with glee. In my night time dreams, I’d concocted a plan that was just silly enough to work, perhaps, but it involved me finally breaking the tension that had risen for several weeks of flirtatiousness. It was time, finally to ask Margaret out for a drink, it didn’t have to be much, just a casual, after-work drink….

I stopped by the Starbucks first thing after leaving my house, purchasing one of the gift cards that came with the promise of one of those autumn lattes for free with purchase that we’d marveled at being advertised yesterday. It was a bit like rolling the dice, but I had a hunch that if I bought it, Margaret would come.

I got to work, and made it up to my office cubicle. I passed by Julie near the entrance to our office floor and she smiled at me as she greeted me. I passed by Margaret’s office and paused in her doorway. Margaret smiled back at me. I approached her desk.

“So I was thinking you and me at the Olive tonight?” Margaret looked intrigued but confused for a moment. “it’s the new cocktail place on fifth street.” I said.

Margaret smiled. “Oh! Okay! Yeah yeah, lets do that, then. What’s that you’ve got there?” she sad, eyeing the Starbuck’s gift card in my hand.

“I just stopped by and got it on the way in!” I laughed. “I was inspired by our visit with Elle, yesterday. Those lattes were delicious.” I said.

“They sure were, I might have to get another today.” Margaret said as she began to organize the papers on her desk. I extended the gift card to her.

“Here, takes this. Get yourself one for free, it’s part of the deal with the card.” I said.

Margaret smiled at me once more, gazing into my eyes for a long time.

“I can’t wait til we have our drink tonight.” she said.

I stared back into her eyes for a long moment, maybe slightly too long, this woman still being my boss and all. She gave me a wink.

“I’ve gotta meet up with Elle again for another outing today.” Margaret said as she stood from bend her desk. She was wearing a lovely white dress that clung to her curves seductively. I always wanted to leave the room after Margaret to get a good long drink with my thirsty eyes at her lovely derriere, but alas it was often unnatural and I would have to depart the room first, Margaret following behind.

“Don’t let her any coffee.” I said, perhaps somewhat inappropriately.

“No, or she’ll blast off again.” Margaret said.

I exited her office and continued to my cubicle. My day’s task for the day would be to do data entry of the specs of the property we’d visited on our outing yesterday. At around 9:15 am, Margaret left for the day on another outing with Elle, just the two of them. Margaret and Elle smiled to each other as they strode from the office, having apparently recovered from the previous day’s tension. They left, and I didn’t think much afterward as I continued to due my boring due diligence for the rest of the day. This changed of changed of course with the arrival of Jackson the janitor.

I met him out in the aisle and ushered into the break room with me in the direction of the vending machines. Today, Jackson was going to get the skittles he so wanted to try, and he was going to earn them too. I told Jackson that as much as enjoyed chatting with him, and we often did, not always, but enough, it always distracted me from the final leg of my work in the afternoons, and in addition, the fumes from the cleaning fluids he used often made it hard to concentrate as well. I asked him if instead of starting with the bottom floor, and making his way up the building.

If he could instead start at the top and work his way down, my secret reasoning that there were more floors above us then below us, and the difference in timing might just align Jackson’s cleaning of the restrooms in our floor with oh, say, about five o’clock? It was again, a roll of the dice, some real Ocean’s Eleven clockwork-heist type thinking, but I had a feeling, for whatever reason, that luck was going to be on my side this afternoon (evening?) I told Jackson we’d have more time to chat this way too, as he’d arrive near the end of my shift and I’d be done with a lot more of my work by that time. Jackson reasoned that he thought it was a good idea, he joked, to start from the top of the building and work down, incase he spilled any water as he progressed. We had a final laugh together before he made his way to the elevator with his gurney of cleaning supplies.

As I proceeded to enter numbers into spreadsheets throughout the afternoon, I found myself day dreaming of my sexy boss Margaret in that ridiculously hot white dress she was wearing, and marveled at the fact that I was actually going to get to go out for a cocktail with this alluring woman, this stunning buxom Gisele Bundchen lookalike with a deliciously round, basketball-shaped ass. I was beginning to wonder if Margaret had indeed gotten the autumn latte as she said she would. Who knew? Yet….

At some point in the afternoon, I looked up at the clock. It was four-thirty, and Margaret and Elle came back into the office promptly. Elle was walking in a quick, straight B-line for the ladies room, Margaret sauntered behind her in the same direction, but not with quite the same tunnel-vision-like determination. I got naughty thoughts. I stepped in front of Elle, with a friendly, welcome-to-the-office smile, asking,

“How was the outing today?”

Elle forced a smile, lifting one leg, before setting it down and lifting the other. She definitely looked desperate for a pee.

“It was good, it was a bit further out, but it was a big property and I learned a lot.” she said, and began ever so slightly to move towards the ladies room again. Again, I stopped her.

“Was it the same criteria as yesterday? Like just external?” I asked, feigning curiosity as I drank in the sight of Elle’s gyrating legs.

“Yes, it was just external. Again, no bathroom, and I didn’t drink a latte again, but still…” she said as she stepped briskly past me towards the ladies room. “I’ve been holding it all day.” she said as she slammed open the ladies room door with some annoyance present in her movements and tone of voice. She’d been holding it all day? This seemed like excellent foreshadowing, as if she’d been holding it, and she hadn’t had a coffee and mentioned that fact, this seemed to imply Margaret had had one, and had more than likely been “holding it all day” too.

Curiosity got the better of me as I say Margaret standing down the hall talking to one of the other data entry people. Margaret’s toned, muscular legs looked as though the were tense and were flexing underneath the thin, tight fabric, and it did appear that her abdomen was rather bulbous too….Did Margaret need to pee? It was just about her time to make her end-of-the-day restroom visit anyway, and it was at this moment that I realized that forcing Margaret to hold it, by way of making the ladies room unavailable through Jackson’s cleaning routine, was just not in the cards, today. Oh well, I thought, try again another day. Or so I thought, as just then, the elevator door opened, Jackson catching my gaze.

“Hey my man!” He said, “the timing couldn’t have been better!” he beamed as he spread his arms in the air, apparently offering to hug me. (What did he mean by this perfect timing? How did he know he was going to help me to delay Margaret from peeing?) I thought, but as we strolled casually towards my office and the restrooms, him pulling is cleaning gurney, it occurs to me of course that he was only referring to the “serendipity" involved in opening the elevator doors to my friendly smile, as he considered us to be something of friends at this point. But I knew the timing of this had to be perfect, I had to get Jackson into the ladies room just before Margaret could get a chance…

We made our way over to my office, Elle stepping out of the ladies room quickly, nearly bumping into us before taking off back to her cubicle in her cute little heels.

Jackson entered the ladies room, erecting his wet floor sign in the open doorway just as Margaret was arriving to the door. I noticed she had a longing, pleading look in her eyes and had parted her lips, likely just about to ask Jackson to delay his cleaning for long enough for her to relieve herself, when I quickly spoke up and halted her progress with,

“Long trip today, Margaret?!” I said. ”Still up for our drink tonight?” I asked as I gazed at Margaret from my desk.

“Why sure I am!” she said, as she took a couple of steps into my cubicle, looking around my little office. I couldn’t help but notice that her abdomen stemmed stiff, stiff from looking full, a full bladder. Did this sexy woman need to pee? Curiosity was killing me. She looked so sultry today, that thin, sheer white dress encasing her toned, tanned body. Her abdominal muscles showed through her dress with striking clarity and detail, and looked full to the point of appearing nearly swollen. Margaret was carrying a full bladder for sure, undoubtedly having “held it” all day long while on her outing, just like poor little Elle.

Margaret turned around, saw Jackson mopping the tiled floor in the far stall of the ladies room, she paused, staring at him working for a moment, and while she was looking away, I turned my gaze to her rock hard sexy legs. They were tense, and were constantly rhythmically bouncing with a very very subtle bounce, just not subtle enough to escape my fetishistic notice.

“Have you been to this place before? The Olive?” I asked, again feigning curiosity to distract a desperate woman from her body’s pleading needs.

“What’s that? Oh, no, I haven’t” she said. “I’m excited to check it out, with you.” Margaret said as she smiled at me.

“Yeah, I’m really looking forward to it.” I said. I didn’t yet tell her we had reservations made, the surprise element being all part of the plan. We talked there in my cubicle for several more minutes Margaret continuing to patiently turn and monitor Jackson’s progress at cleaning the ladies room while I took the opportunity to relish the sight of this gorgeous, tense woman, all her bodily muscles tensing through her tight white dress, while the clock continued to tick tock away. Finally it read 4:55, and I stood from my desk and tucked my documents back into their manila folder and into my shoulder bag.

“Okay! Well, I’m going to pop into the little boy’s room before we depart.” I said as I made my way across the cubicle towards the men’s room door in the aisle. Margaret sighed quietly, but audibly as she again glanced with noticeable consternation in her facial expression at Jackson. Margaret stared at the men’s room door as I smiled to her and entered. I peed, didn’t really need to, but washed my hands afterwards and emerged from the men’s room after a couple of minutes, only to witness, Margaret’s rapidly tapping heel as she stood cross-legged in the hallway and let out a long, strained exhalation of breath through tightly clenched teeth. She blushed slightly as she made eye contact with me as I emerged back into the hall next to her, quickly uncrossing her tight-skirted legs, though remaining tense in her composure, her calves flexing strongly, no doubt a strong indication of the pressure existing inside her body.

“That floor’s gonna take about 5-10 minutes to dry, ma’am”. Jackson said as her emerged finally from the ladies room towing his mop bucket behind him. He left the wet floor sign propped in the open ladies room doorway as he pushed the gurney in front of the mens room to begin cleaning it next.

Margaret lifted one heeled foot from the ground, leg shaking slightly, as she stared longingly at the ladies room doorway for a long moment.

“Shall we go, Margaret? We wanna try to beat the rush hour traffic, no? We gotta make it over to fifth street.” I said, nonchalantly. Margaret glanced once more at the ladies room, then at the men’s room for a brief moment before turning to me with a big smile.

“Sure! Yeah we sure better beat the traffic. Come on, let’s go.” And with that she and I turned and proceeded from the aisle towards her office, and then the exit to the elevator. Margaret turned to glance towards the restrooms once more, and watched, in what must have felt like slow motion, as Jackson continued to mop behind his gurney and his wet floor sign, as the toilet she needed drifted further and further away. Margaret stepped into her office quickly to grab her shoulder bag, and I took this moment to gaze at this woman’s beautiful bottom in her tight dress as she strode towards her desk. The lines of her panties were visible through the thin fabric, and clung to her round butt enticingly. She bent over her desk, and paused for a moment as she looked over several documents that were sprawled about, and her gorgeous ass pushed the fabric of her dress tightly, making the seams of her panties form a gorgeous, fun-house-mirror triangle over Magaret’s big, womanly behind.

I noticed also that all her weight rested on one leg, foot tapping the floor rapidly, before she would shift her weight with quick motions to the other leg as she focused as well as she could for a few precious moments at the work on her desk. She definitely looked like she needed to pee, and I noticed that the empty latte cup sitting on her desk was today a large, not a medium like yesterday. She gathered her things and grabbed her bag finally and we made our way towards the elevators, Margaret taking one least furtive glance at the wet floor sign propped up in the open ladies room doorway. We got into the elevator, my finger finding the floor level button, giving it a good push, the button’s back-light illuminating the F letter with a satisfying glow. Success, I thought to myself, I had successfully gotten Margaret out of the office, depriving her of her need to pee and let out her bodily fluids which she’d no doubt been holding since that morning, and it was now past five o’clock.

To be continued...

*010*2021-10-21 22:59

Should I continue?

*012*2021-10-22 07:03

Part 5

When we got out to the parking lot, the question came up of course as to who’s car we were taking for the evening, and I quickly offered my car, being a gentleman (I also didn’t want to give Margaret the chance to pull into a bass station somewhere to pee, not if I could distract her and prevent it). Margaret obliged and we got into my vehicle and departed. Margaret’s sweet, sexy legs looked so good in her tightly dress as she strapped in her seatbelt next to me and we left.

“Look I just want to say, I know what you’re thinking, is she a cool boss? How could she be this cool to just flaunt the rules and go out on a date with an employee? Well, actually, I am cool, but there isn’t like a rule or a statute or anything on the books that says we can’t date. My husband, on the other hand, does work in an office with a rule like this, and yet he hooked up with little miss Brooklyn anyway, and no one says a thing.” Margaret said looking annoyed out the window at nothing in particular.

“Shows how the corporate world goes.” I said in an agreeable tone.

“And by the way, we’ve been separated for almost two years now, so don’t think I’m like, some slut, okay I haven’t had sex in ages.” Margaret said with a comedic, sardonic tone of voice. “Oh my god, too much information!” Margaret said with a big bellowing laugh. We both laughed loudly at Margaret’s brash commentary until she suddenly stopped laughing, flinging her two legs together tightly as a barely audible, “Ohh” escaped her lips and she, like Elle yesterday, pulled her seatbelt out a couple of inches from her abdomen, clearly trying to take pressure off of her bladder. I of course pretended not to notice, I was too focused on making sure to take just the right turns through the city to hit….

TRAFFIC. Our progress through the gridlocked city streets halted suddenly as we hit the infamous rush hour traffic. I knew we would, how couldn’t we? It was five. As soon as Margaret saw the traffic, she sat bolt upright in her seat, and a nervous, very anxious expression came across her face.

“How much longer to the club do you think?” Margaret asked me.

“Fifteen minutes, in this traffic twenty-five” I said. Margaret crossed her legs, her thighs bouncing lightly but rapidly and constantly. She looked frantic for a pee, no doubt, but the traffic only inched along with a frustratingly slow pace. After about five more minutes, Margaret let out a long sigh. I could have asked if anything was the matter, but once again, I said nothing and pretended as if I hadn't noticed anything was amiss.

“This is just like that traffic yesterday” I said, turning to Margaret. She forced a smile onto her stern, focused, tense expression as her gaze met mine.

“You hit rush hour yesterday too?” she asked, seeming like she wasn’t entirely focused on the conversation.

“No, I mean when we were driving back to the office from the property yesterday, remember when Elle needed to pee?” I said, hoping the word would elicit some response from Margaret as to her own pressing need.

She let out a slight chuckle. “Yes, that’s right, I do. Oh god, that was a nightmare.” she said, as she gazed out at the traffic, single-mindedly wishing it would speed up and we could just get to the cocktail lounge. But the traffic kept heavy, and wouldn’t let up for several minutes longer. During this time, Margaret tried to drive down her shifting and gyrating in her seat, but she just couldn’t sit still for a moment, her legs were constantly quivering, the muscles tensing and flexing under her sheer white dress. Margaret let out a long, frustrated sigh again as she pulled her seatbelt away from her abdomen.

“Are you alright, Margaret? You can adjust the seat position if it’s not right for you.” I said, feigning ignorance.

“I’m fine, actually, I just need to visit a ladies room, if you can believe it.” Margaret said, with a quick tone of voice. I could believe it, alright. She laughed slightly, looking over to me. “How ironic, given Elle’s performance yesterday.” she said with a smile. Oh how, I thought to myself.

“Oh really, oh okay, well we’ll be at The Olive soon.” I said, attempting to give her some reassurance.

Margaret kept letting out long tense breaths as she sat at the edge of her seat, thighs bouncing under her tight dress, looking increasingly anxious to find somewhere to pee. It wasn’t fair, I had deprived her of her right to relieve herself at the office, and she’d clearly been holding a full bladder for the entirety of the day by this point.

I pulled the car into a small parking lot, and Margaret sighed with relief as she looked around. “Okay.” she said with a smile. She undid her seatbelt as I parked and we both got out of the car.

It was a small parking lot surrounded by brick buildings which had been painted with gorgeous colorful murals on the walls. Margaret looked around in all directions, looking for the club somewhere.

“Where to?” she finally asked.

“This way” I said, and we were off walking along down the sidewalk. “We’re just a few blocks away, we’ve gotta cross the river that way, there’s just so little good parking in this area.” I said. I noticed Margaret looking around. It was a busy area, the streets lined with parked cars, and as we emerged from the little lot in which we were parked we were surrounded with people out and about, walking down the long boulevard between the shopping strip to our right and the river to our left, just over a hand railing. The rushing of the river was audible, and Margaret let out a loud sigh as she stared over at the rushing liquid, no doubt reminding her of the contents of her swollen bladder. She eyed a Walgreens beside the sidewalk.

“Here, I’m just gonna stop in here and use the ladies room real quick” she said with a quick smile as she hastily disappeared into the entrance of the building. I looked around. The sun was setting, casting a beautiful orange-pink glow around the clouds in the sky, as tourists and yuppies flocked down the sidewalks to and fro, people no doubt enjoying outings with friends on this merry Friday evening after a long work week. I was sort of pacing around, relishing the memory of Margaret’s tense, voice and posture only a couple minutes before, beginning to feel myself grow hard inside my pants over thoughts of my desperate, sexy boss, her tightening legs muscles, her sexy butt as she’d rushed into the Walgreens, when suddenly, I saw her emerging from the entrance whence she’d disappeared. She had a concerned look on her face as she stepped with brisk steps, heels clacking against the concrete sidewalk, right back over to me.

“They don’t have public restrooms in there.” Margaret said with a huffy sigh, as she looked around at the everyone walking by. “Pretty ridiculous in this public an environment”.

“The Olive is just this way a few minutes.” I said with an upwards lilt in my voice. I looked down, noticed Margaret’s tense legs were vibrating and bouncing a bit, looking tempted to start walking in place, there was so much nervous energy in them. Bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce of the legs, the tight fabric of her dress shining and reflecting the sunsetting light bouncing off of the river. She stood in place, but couldn’t remain still, couldn’t stop the subtle vibrations of her body.

“Okay then, sorry let’s go.” she said, and she took off walking ahead of me, in the direction that I’d pointed, in spite of the fact that she didn’t know where the club was, and I did. I caught up to her, and as we walked, her walking was extremely tight, and her heels clacked loudly against the sidewalk. She was looking around at all the storefronts that we passed. Her breathing was extremely tight and constrained sounding.

“So how long have you known that this is what you wanted to do with your life?” I asked, looking over at this beautifully nervous woman.

“What’s that development work?” she asked. I nodded. “Well, I always knew I had potential to to see visual spaces well…” she spread her arms out in display, saying this, before dropping them quickly to her sides, just beside her legs. “and so I ended up studying interior design, and later took a business course to try to learn how to develop it into a fully sustainable business, but lo and behold, I thought why just do interior design when I have a lot of exterior ideas as well?”- here she stopped walking, stepping from foot to foot subtly outside of a little Latin American grocery bodega.

“I’m sorry,” she said with a frantic, breathy voice, her lungs sounding tight. “I- I’m just gonna stop in here real quick, I’m sorry but I - I’m gonna pee.” she bit off those last three words, muffling them under breath as she rushed, almost ran, into the little bodega, but I was sure I’d heard them, quietly but audibly, “I’m gonna pee” from my boss’ mouth. This in my mind marked a further loss of composure, for up until now she’d only gone so far as to say that she needed to pop into the restroom, now, her explanation of her bodily need was becoming more explicit. She quickly emerged from the bodega, again looking as flustered and frustrated as she had before while exiting the Walgreens several minutes previous.

“No bathroom in there, either! what the hell?! I asked for el bank, the lady just shook her head at me.” Margaret said with real annoyance in her voice now.

“Look, why don’t we just go to the club, it’s just across the river here?” I said, genuinely trying to convince her to just come along, we’d be there shortly, etc. She puffed herself up, uncrossed her tightly crossed legs and began walking upright with heavy breaths and short, tense steps in her high heels across the cobblestone side walked bridge, just over the river. The rushing river’s volume grew aubidly louder as we were about halfway across the bridge, and Margaret, ever-so-quickly clutched her crotch through her dress for a moment, before pulling her hand away again. It was brief, but it definitely happened. She was walking in a B Line straight across the bridge over the river, seeming not especially to even care whether or not I was keeping up with her. When I caught up to her and looked her in the eyes, I noticed a rivulet of sweat streaming down her forehead, her eyes looking around in slight worry….where was The Olive?

“Where’s the club?” she asked, the urgency clearly audible in her voice.

“it’s just this way a few buildings.” I said, pointing. She saw the sign, and nearly ran, she was walking so fast, to the doorman outside. When I caught up to her a moment later, she was standing outside his the door, stepping rapidly from foot to foot as the doorman behind the podium looked her over.

“Any weapons of any sort in your bag miss?” the doorman asked, looking Margaret up and down.

“Absolutely not.” Margaret said, with a pleading look in her eyes.

“We’re not violent people.” I said with a laugh, attempting to lighten the mood in the air, which was noticeably tense, due to Margaret’s constant stepping in place, her heels clacking against the concrete.

“Why are you anxious to get in the club, ma’am?” the doorman said, actually flashing a flash light on Margaret’s nervous, bouncing legs!

At this, Margaret hunched over, bent at the knees, crossed her legs tightly.

“Sir, I have to pee… like a racehorse.” she said, shaking her head, with real strain on her voice on “racehorse”. Suddenly, Margaret grabbed her crotch through her tight dress and squeezed for a long moment, before pulling her hand away, remaining bent at the knees, bouncing quickly up and down before the doorman’s podium.

“Right this way folks.” the doorman said, waving us into the club with his little flashlight.

We entered the club, and Margaret made a B Line for the restrooms, while I looked around at the bar for a place to sit. The bar was full of people in cocktail dresses and stylish suits, business casual get ups and cool blouses adorned the young city people in The Olive. I found a table, and as soon as I sat down, Margaret stepped up quickly to the table, pausing beside it.

“We’ve gotta go somewhere else. There’s a huge line at the bathrooms.” she said, with real urgency in her voice. Her arms holding her up on the table, her sexy legs were pushed back behind her, crossed tightly, as she hunched over the table where I sat. I noticed a guy passing by behind her get a good long look at Margaret’s wonderful ass as she bent over my table. Her legs just couldn’t stop vibrating and quivering with a ridiculous speed and urgency, and I half expected rivulets of urine just to start streaming down her gorgeous tanned thighs at any moment as she quivered and huffed and puffed beside the table.

“Oh what, really? We just got here. Not even one drink? Im sure the line will quell and empty eventually, if we sit here.” I said, looking up at Margaret, feigning a casual tone of voice.

Margaret’s eyes flicked around the club in panic, back at the restrooms, down at the seat opposite me at the table. “okay, one drink” she said, sitting down.

She looked extremely tense, sitting opposite me at the table. Her torso was shaking, her breathing loud and panicky sounding, but she again tried to appear nonchalant and friendly as she looked at me across the table with pained, forced smile.

“So earlier you were saying that you wanted to do interior design first, but later got into exterior design as well?” I asked, trying to start up a conversation, hoping to prolong Margaret’s poor desperation.

She flashed a pained smile, her legs bouncing furiously underneath the table.

“Yes- yes, and so I ended up p- putting together a port folio that worked , in my opinion, to show off my talents and abilities. huhhhhhh” she sighed, craning her neck to look over at the restroom line again. Just then a waitress approached with a pitcher of water and two empty glasses, setting them before Margaret and me at the table.

“Hello folks, welcome to the olive.” the waitress said, and with that began pouring water from the pitcher straight into Margaret’s glass before her. With that, Margaret leaped up from the table, and squeezed her crotch with her right hand, causing her dress to ride way up on her legs, alost exposing her glorious behind, as she stepped back and forth between her feet directly before the waitress and myself, in this crowded little city bar.

“Alex, we have to go, I’m sorry, but I’ve never had to pee so bad. I’m like literally gonna piss my panties if I stay here any longer.” Margaret said, staring straight into my eyes with determination, ignoring the waitress, searching for some modicum of empathy in my gaze as she stepped back and forth from foot to foot, holding her pussy tightly through her dress.

“We have a restroom, ma’am” said the waitress, looking over to the hall. “Oh, yeah there’s a line now, but…”

“Alex we have to go.” Margaret said again, this time her voice whimpering with urgency, sounding like a little girl. I stood from the table promptly and walked briskly beside Margaret towards the exit of the club.

To be continued........

*014*2021-10-22 12:27

Okay final part, part 6 (please see note at end of story)

We walked quickly by the doorman as we stepped outside back into the alley, the sidewalk was completely packed with people, and the lines outside of all of the clubs and lounges were at least ten people deep by this point in the evening, the real Friday night having begun by this point. The sky was almost entirely dark now, just the last faint hues of sunlight gracing the western horizon of the sky. Margaret pulled her hand away from herself looking around as she walked in small nervous circles in front of me.

“Aghhh, I have to PEE. God, this is so embarrassing Alex, here I’m ruining our date, but god I need to PISS, and theres nowhere to go! ughhh, what the fuck.” Margaret said , sounding genuinely angry by now. “I should have just peed at the office, I’ve held it since 9am! Where do we go now, Alex?” she whimpered, stepping rapidly in place, looking worried as she looked around in panic.

“Come on, let’s catch this bus right here” I said, pointing to a bus that was lowering it’s hydraulics beside the sidewalk to our right. “It’ll take us over to the east side, there are places there that are far less busy on a fRiday night” I said.

With one last loud exhalation of breath, Margaret quickly stepped onto the bus. She started to frantically search through her shoulder bag for bus fare, before I paid the fare for both of us and shepherded my desperate boss down the center alley towards of the packed bus. There was nowhere to sit, and Margaret and I were forced to stand in the area between he lower seats and at the raised seats in back of the bus, and so we did, Margaret clutching the pole in front of her. I stood behind her, and got an eyeful of her gorgeous butt bouncing in front of me, just inches from my own crotch. Margaret stood up as straight as the pole before her as she gazed out the front window of the bus with tunnel-vision concentration. The bus stopped, more people getting on board, the bus becoming more and more crowded.

“When are we getting off?!” Margaret asked me with panic in her voice.

“Just a few more blocks.” I replied. the bus kept moving, but with the arrival of several new passengers, Margaret and I had to shift our position to a much tighter arrangement, this we achieved by me cramming myself directly behind Margaret. Her gorgeous, quivering butt rested right on my crotch for a moment as we tried to squeeze into a manageable position on the bus. I pulled away for a moment, feeling that as sexy as this was, it was incredibly inappropriate nonetheless, but Margaret actually grabbed me by the arm, pulling me back close to her, exclaiming,

“no, do that again. I need the position.” I was confused as to what she meant, and why, but I obliged, pressing myself behind Margaret, her beautiful, bulbous butt cheeks smashed right into my crotch through the fabric of our clothing. Her beautiful ass quivered and tense and pressed hard against me as she used the leverage of my body to press her crotch against the steel pole in the bus directly in front of her.

“Ohhhhhhhhh” she let out, her breathing panicky and quick, sounding pained, strained, near defeat. “I have to pee so badly.” Margaret said, shaking. Her butt was pressed against me, and I began to feel myself growing hard.

“Ohhhh my god, when can we get off this fucking bus!?” Margaret asked, with growing ferocity. I think she could feel my hardness, as she began to rub her beautiful butt up and down on me, as she reached down in front of herself and grabbed her crotch.

“We’re almost there.” I said, trying to stifle a moan as her Margaret’s big ass pressed itself against me. Margaret turned back to me and faced me with a deep, angry, yet sultry look in her eyes, it was a familiar hunger/anger, for anyone whose been with their share of partners, Margaret was frustrated with a desperate need to pee for sure, but something about our current circumstances had cause the rise of an altogether different emotion inside her…..one of lust. She grabbed my right hand and brought it, with real strength and force, down to her crotch and made me squeeze.

I could feel her tight pussy through her panties, her lips squeezing with real effort to contain her urine, but wet, hot and moist all the same. Her vagina was working hard not to let the flood get through. Just then, we hit a large bump on the road, causing the bus to jolt hard, and this caused a large spurt of piss to escape from Margaret’s tight little pussy, and the liquid spread out in a circular motion from her behind, all over my crotch, and wet my finger tips too, as we stood there on the dark, crowded bus.

“I need to get off this bus right now.” Margaret said, as she reached up and pulled the pulley to alert the driver to stop. We proceeded down the center aisle as Margaret forced herself past the other passengers standing on the bus. The puss quickly pulled to a stop, and Margaret departed the motor vehicle quickly.

We were now in a different neighborhood, a little less full of people, a little more suburban in it’s style and outlay. A large fountain erupted in the town square beside us as Margaret rushed quickly by.

“Ohhhhh, where to go, Alex?!” she said, taking quick pained steps, looking everywhere around us.

“We just have to go this was a couple minutes, there'll be cafes and stuff over here.” I said, pointing up the street ahead of us.

“UGHHHH!!!!!!!!” Margaret groaned. We were about to pass a park, there were a few bushes and trees shadowed outside the ring of a a street lamp in the park square. Without giving me any time to react, Margaret pulled me into the shadows behind the bushes with her. “Come here!” she said, sounding supremely angry at this point.

I rushed with her into the park, behind the bushes, only to see the ridiculous sight of my boss squatting with lighting speed down to the ground, her dress flying up her tight body behind her, as she quickly pulled her panties to the side with one and and HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, let out a RAGING HARD TORRENT of piss that seemed to nearly dig a hole in the ground where she squat.

“OHHHhhhh” Margaret moaned, as I stared down at this sexy, squatting, pissing woman in absent minded awe, speechless, motionless, frozen, captivated by the moment. My dick stood hard and tall in my pants as I watched Margaret piss and piss into the ground below her. She turned to me, her checks flushed a bright red, a look of animalistic lust in her eyes, as she said, “Come here!’ standing rapidly from her squat, her dress still hiked up around her torso, as she grabbed me by the arm, quickly reached down and nearly tore down my pants after angrily struggling to get the belt undone, and grabbed my hard cock with her beautifully feminine hand.

“Turned you on, did it? Good, this is what I fucking deserve.” She said, as she whipped back around in the dark bushes, bending over in front of me. i didn’t know what to do at all. “Come on!” she yelled. “Now! You’re turned on, and I haven’t had sex in months!” I stepped up behind Margaret, my sexy boss, I stuck my cock inside her wet, protruding pussy. BLISS. SWEET BLISS. HEAVEN. WET, FEMALE, WOMANLY PUSSY HEAVEN engulfed my hard member and I grabbed Margaret’s hair as I began to pump and thrust myself in and out of my gorgeous boss, watching her beautiful butt bounce with every impact of my pelvis. “Fuck me!” she yelled with real lust in her voice. I fucked and fucked and fucked away until we both came, shuddering with the bliss of post-coital relief, collapsing onto the dark grass in the shadowy bushes where we lay.

After along while of us staring at the stars, talking about our pasts and our lives and our work lives and our relationships throughout the past, we decided, finally, to walk back to the car. It was about a two hour walk, but was extremely pleasant and friendly. There was this sort of feeling in the air that we could now actually get to catch up with each other and get to know each other, as the ice had been broken and the sexual tension between us had been cleared and lifted from the air.

We kept it nonchalant at the office, but saw each other a few more times and had several great fucking sessions before we stopped seeing each other, found other partners and eventually I moved on to a different firm for work, but I will never forget that night in particular with my sexy boss Margaret.

THE END

***** (YOU LIKE MY WORK? I WILL WRITE PROMPT OF YOUR CHOICE FOR COMMISSIONS! MESSAGE ME!) ******

