Class Dismissed

Author: Smorky

*000*2010-10-01 10:40

In a hurry to make photocopies of a test for her class at 11:00, Rei Morimoto had made the decision to skip her usual stop in the women's restroom. "I will ask another teacher to watch them," she mumbled to herself reassuringly as the final copies slid out. She shuffled them, and quickly made her way down the corridor.

Her students glanced at the door as she turned the knob. The clock ticked all too loudly in the silence they had experienced moments before. They sarcastically greeted her as she entered. "Morimoto-sama, konnichiwa!"

"Sensei. Call me sensei," she said as she placed her coffee on her desk. Her job was to teach American high school students Japanese I and II. These were the level II students.

Rei was a young woman in her late twenties. Her hair was a chestnut color, wavy and long, and today she wore it in a ponytail. She was wearing some jeans in a light shade of blue, which paired well with her cotton, short-sleeved blouse with thin blue stripes, and her brown low-top shoes.

She walked across the room handing each student a photocopy. "This is a test of what we've covered the last 6 weeks. I hope all of you have been practicing your hiragana and katakana..." she paused briefly as she noticed pressure building in her bladder, she decided she would have to ask a teacher to watch the students for a moment. "I think you all can handle it, so, do your best, I will be right back."

She walked to the door, and turned the knob. And turned it again. And again. It refused to open. It was locked from the outside. She turned to the students who had a hard time fighting back their smiles. She frowned at them. "Who did this?" There were no answers, just smiles and giggles. "I want to know who did this." A boy in the back of the room spoke. "Why would you think it was us, Morimoto-chan?"

"Cut the crap. Let me out of here." Her bladder was beginning to ache, and pressure was building in her groin. "We can't. Someone else did locked us in." She rolled her eyes at them. "Work on your tests."

She walked to her seat and crossed her legs, bouncing her foot slightly. The bouncing became more and more vigorous as she became more and more desperate, at which point she decided to pace. The kids had no intention of working on their tests. This is what they wanted. They wanted to watch her humiliate herself. One student yelled, "MS. MORIMOTO-SENSEI, DO YOU NEED TO USE THE BATHROOM?!" This startled Rei, and nearly made her squirt. She was now doing everything she could not to wet her pants. "Work on your test, James."

"But you look so desperate!"

She was not doing well at this point. She held her crotch and started to march in place. One student had the balls to stand up from his chair and stand on top of his desk. "Look, I can go to the bathroom right here!" A small stream rolled down his leg, and grew larger and larger in size. Rei yelled at him, "Don't do that!" as she grabbed her groin tighter, crossing her legs together. At that point, a girl got up on her desk and danced around holding her crotch and said, "I have to go soooooo bad! I'm going to wet myself right here." And she faced her butt towards Rei and crossed her legs together, letting pee cover her behind and legs.

Rei let out a squirt, which humiliated and relieved her at the same time. Tears rolled down her face. At that point the students became much more quiet, only whispering to each other. Rei held her crotch helplessly. Pee trickled down her legs, pooling underneath her, spreading across her legs, as she stared down at her pants.She finished emptying her bladder completely, and dropped to her knees, hiding her face in her hands as she sobbed.

The classroom door opened moments later, standing in it were a few teachers, the maintenance crew, several curious students, and the principal. Rei was available for all of them to see, and she could not do a thing about it.

*002*2010-10-07 03:05

I once heard it said that you should never be nice to your characters. I am glad to hear I achieved that here. XD Also, I suppose I should have explained a little more thoroughly, but I was thinking one of the prankster kids had a friend with a gap in their schedule that messed around with things a bit.

