Shizuku's Midnight Emergency

Author: Kyuu

*000*2024-01-28 20:59

Ahoy!

It's been a very long time since I've sat down and written anything of length like this, but I thought it might be fun to try writing out one of the ideas I had for future Shizuku comic chapters. It will still likely be some time before our artist for the comics are free to work on them again, so I thought I may as well get some of the ideas I had properly fleshed out in the meantime!

This story features the very same Shizuku and Rika found in our first comic here,

$iframe allowfullscreen class="ipsEmbed_finishedLoading" data-embedauthorid="1" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed3361548647" id="ips_uid_645_3" src="https://www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/index.html" style="overflow: hidden; height: 499px; max-width: 500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/files/file/11280-shizukus-comic-volume-1/?do=embed"

Even though it's been quite a while since I've written anything and I am still very rusty I hope others are able to enjoy reading it!

“Gotta pee, gotta pee..”

In the still of night, a blue-haired dog girl by the name of Shizuku murmured this to herself as she shuffled through the dark hallway corridor. Her pajamas, pink and adorned with various playful bone and paw print patterns, clung tight to her figure in the dim glow cast by the hallways nearby nightlight.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee..!” she muttered under her breath again, her chants accompanied by a palm clasped firmly against the crotch of her pajamas.

As she approached the bathroom door, the urge only intensified for the desperate dog girl. The sight of relief being so close teased her. Her body protested impatiently as it demanded relief, and it was going to get it soon, one way or another.

Emphasizing this point, a pang of desperation hit the girl right as she approached the door. Shizuku quickly cast a glance down, verifying her pajamas were still dry and spot free. Her grip tightened still, pressing against the cotton fabric of her pajamas, her fingers digging in deeper as she once again defied her body’s demands. Just a little longer, she thought.

Reaching out for the door, her free hand grasped the handle with urgency. But as she turned, the door inched forward unexpectedly, the bright glow of the bathroom light soon after shining through as the door creaked open on its own.

Her roommate, Rika, must have forgotten to turn the light off, she thought.

No big deal. Pushing forward without a moment’s hesitation, Shizuku barged into the bathroom, instinctively bolting towards the porcelain throne in the restroom's corner as soon as she did.

However, much to her dismay, a very flustered red-haired girl had already occupied that throne. Her roommate, Rika, to be more precise.

Looking over at the entryway, Rika’s cheeks grew almost as red as her twin-tails, so startled by the sudden intrusion that she couldn’t utter a word. Instead, she remained there, hovering over the toilet, her butt just inches from the seat. She was clearly still in the process of pulling her pajama bottoms down for a potty break herself before being so rudely interrupted.

“S-Shizu, don’t you know how to knock?!” she finally stammered out.

“Don’t you know how to close a door?! A-anyways, move! I really gotta pee!” the dog girl rebutted, moving in closer.

Taken aback by her friends’ continued intrusion, Rika fell backwards, her butt finally planting onto the cool porcelain seat as a very desperate dog girl waddled her way in.

“Wait your turn, I have to pee too! And do it outside, I don’t need an audience, jeez!”

But Shizuku refused to budge. Her feet danced up and down on the cool tile floor as both her palms clasped against her crotch, her fingers digging deep in a desperate attempt to stave off the inevitable for just a little while longer.

“I can’t! I’m really about to pee myself here! I’ll be quick, so just get up and let me go first, please!” she whined, glancing down at her friend with pleading, puppy dog eyes.

“C-Come on, you’re not the only one who needs to pee, you know! I won’t be long, so just wait there a minute, okay?” Rika responded, seemingly not grasping the severity of Shizuku’s plight.

Though, as the small wet spot on the twin-tailed girls’ underwear showed, Shizuku was doubtlessly not the only one waking up to an emergency. Her refusal was not just out of impatience, but worrying that she herself could not last a second longer. Not to mention, the cold presence around her butt had already dialed her desperation into overdrive. If she got up now, she would surely soak herself soon after.

This wasn’t the first time the two had seen each other peeing anyway, and she didn’t have the heart to demand she go back outside and wait, given her current state. So, resigning herself, Rika leaned back and finally let her body relax.

Almost immediately, a loud, gushing torrent sprayed forth from Rika into the toilet bowl below, splattering against the porcelain within with an incredible intensity. Her face melted into one of pure bliss, all the pent up pressure quickly fading away, a sigh of profound relief echoing out into the bathroom as the contents of her bladder filled the toilet bowl below. The sound of water splashing was a melody to her ears, grateful to make it with only a small leak this time.

She had experienced too many close calls lately, some of which ending much wetter than others, and the thought of not quite making it and facing another late-night laundry run to avoid an embarrassing confrontation with her roommate the morning after was something she dreaded.

So enveloped in relief was she that Rika had, momentarily, completely forgotten about her desperate companion in front of her. Shizuku’s face contorted with a look of intense desperation as she looked down, her feet rapidly tapping the tile below as her palms clenched in as tight as they could, strained with the burden of holding back the massive floodgate that was beginning to show its cracks.

It was all too much. Much too much. The sight was pure torture for the poor pup’s overly strained bladder. As her friend’s stream continued pouring into the toilet bowl below, splattering and echoing against the bathroom walls. Shizuku’s bladder had finally had enough. It refused to be left out.

Shhpurrt!

Suddenly, Shizuku’s feet were no longer tapping against the floor. Her body went stiff. Her cheeks flushed red as she felt the first sign of an imminent catastrophe. The initial spurt was so loud, so intense, that Rika could almost hear it through her own deafening stream. Shizuku felt it immediately, instantly soaking through her underwear, seeping through the fabric of her pajamas, and trickling through her fingers as a few golden drops fell down to the floor below.

Sensing her friend’s impending crisis, Rika hovered just above the toilet bowl, urgently trying to halt her own business so she could hop aside and allow Shizuku to take her turn

She tried her best to stop peeing, but her attempts were futile. All she could manage was to hover there, feeling increasingly awkward as her stream continued to splash into the bowl.

Shhpprrt.. ssshhh..

Another spurt from Shizuku, this time longer and more sporadic. As the trickles mingled with her previous release, the spurts created a growing wet spot on the front of her pajamas, spreading and becoming more and more pronounced by the second. The fabric darkened and clung to her as it eagerly soaked up the warm liquids.

Shhhhhsss...

Each involuntary release after sent a shiver down the overwhelmed dog girl’s spine. She knew it was futile; there was no stopping it at this point. Her body was screaming for relief. Her palms soaked and dripping with pee, while the wet spot on her pajamas kept spreading, creeping further down her thighs with each passing second.

Overwhelmed, tired, and frustrated, Shizuku couldn’t take it anymore. Without considering the consequences, she did the one thing that would seal her fate. Her fingers, once desperately trying to plug a hole that was cracking around her, pulled back. Her palms gently relaxed, and without another moment’s hesitation, the dam broke.

Pffffssshhhhhhhhhhh!

The trickle she had just barely been holding back immediately erupted into a torrent. A violent hiss echoed throughout the bathroom as her bladder unleashed its pent up contents with a vengeance.

A waterfall of urine instantly saturated the front of her pajamas, which were already visibly damp from her previous leaks. The fabric glistened under the intense bathroom lights, the poor cotton fabric unable to keep up with the relentless deluge forced upon it.

Surrendering herself completely, Shizuku’s face similarly melted in relief, though her own relief was accommodated with much redder cheeks. It was only a matter of seconds before the wet spot had spread down her thighs, completely soaking the front of her cotton pajamas to her knees. Whatever the pajamas couldn’t soak up in time, Shizuku felt ebbing down her thighs, wicking around before splattering out from the openings at the back of her leg holes, pooling around her ankles thereafter.

Rika, meanwhile, could only helplessly fall back onto the toilet. Her mouth was open wide, watching in disbelief as her companion surrendered to her urges. Her eyes remained transfixed on the spreading wet spot as her own stream finally tapered down to a trickle, leaving only the deafening sound of Shizuku’s helpless accident filling the air. As the wet spot trailed down Shizuku’s legs, soaking her pajamas completely, the cotton fabric clung tightly to her skin. The once white bone patterns adorning the pink fabric turned a vibrant, deeply saturated yellow as the waterfall continued to pour down her legs, matching the hue of the quickly spreading puddle at the dog girl’s feet.

Snapping to her senses, Rika swiftly stood up, hastily yanking her pajamas back around her waist before stepping aside and ushering Shizuku forward.

Still dizzy from relief, Shizuku simply plopped her butt upon the toilet bowl, pajamas still fully clad around her waist while peeing at full force.

Within moments, the warm wetness that she felt pouring down her legs was quickly replaced by the feeling of her butt becoming absolutely drenched. No point in pulling them down now, she thought. She had already resigned herself to this fate, anyway.

Leaning back, Shizuku let out a sigh of relief, feeling the warmth of her pee puddling up against her butt as it seeped through her pajamas, trickling down into the toilet bowl below. Meanwhile, the remnants of her earlier stream continued to trickle down her legs, forming another small puddle at the base of the toilet.

After what felt like several minutes, Shizuku’s stream finally died down, the last of the trickles splattering into the bowl below as the soaked dog girl gave one last sigh, this one a sigh of pure exhaustion. She can’t remember the last time she had to pee this badly. She can’t remember the last time peeing felt this _good_.

She should have felt utterly humiliated. Despite how much she managed to get into the toilet, the soaked state of her pajamas and the puddles marking where she had stood moments before left no room for denial. She had just helplessly wet her pants like a little pup. Again. And in front of her newfound friend and roommate, no less.

But she didn’t feel humiliated. She felt.. excited? Looking up at Rika, all she could do was smile awkwardly as her tail wagged subconsciously, a tinge of thrill coursing through her as she waited to see Rika’s reaction.

Rika, meanwhile, felt a similar tinge of excitement coursing through her. Though she hadn’t intended to make Shizuku wet herself, she couldn’t deny the sight of helplessness and vulnerability sparked something primal within her as well. As Shizuku’s tail wagged in anticipation, Rika couldn’t help but feel a rush of affection and longing for her. Without a word, she stepped forward, placing her palm on the dog girl’s head, and ruffling her hair gently as she let out a sigh.

“And here I was thinking I avoided having to do a laundry run tonight..” she playfully murmured, giving Shizuku a warm smile before stepping back and offering the dog girl a hand. “Now.. if you’re done peeing, what do you say we get you cleaned up?”

