A Feudal Wetting Tale

Author: Meowth

*000*2010-08-18 06:21

A Feudal Wetting Tale

It was a day just like every other day after Inuyasha got over his little "transformation." Unlike other times, they did not have to fight for their lives. It seemed as though the demons of the surrounding territories had taken a break from hunting them.

As soon as Inuyasha changed back to his demon form, he awoke. The act of transformation was like the ultimate adrenaline rush, thus there was no way he could back to sleep. Having nothing else to do, he took watch over the heavenly Kagome, nearly drooling over the thought of having her in bed. Before long, she started to toss and turn, as though there was a great pressure she could not great rid of. After a while, Inuyasha figured it out. She had to go to the bathroom, and badly!

It did not help matters that Kagome dreamed of great waterfalls and rushing rivers, and, soon, her bladder, which had earned her the name "tiny tank" in school had just about reached its limit. The muscles in her tight pussy were fighting to hold back the flood, but were getting very tired, very quickly. Suddenly, they just gave out, and her pee rushed to freedom.

Inuyasha saw a small stain appear on Kagome's sleeping bag, as well as a salty scent. It got bigger and bigger as Kagome relieved her aching overfilled bladder. This seemed to coax her back to the world of the living, her wondering why the area between her legs felt so wet. Then, she looked down, and started to cry. Inuyasha made a few noises symbolizing that she was waking up, and looked down. Seeing her crying broke his spirit, so he hopped down from the tree to talk to her.

"Kagome...why do you cry?" he asked, keeping his distance in case of a sudden "sit" curse.

"I...I..." she started, "I wet myself...I peed my pants again...." then, she started bawling again.

"Umm..." he tried, not finding the words he needed," I'm sure...you'll be okay. I mean, you can just clean your clothes and your sleeping bag, right?

"That's not the point!" she said, angrily, making Inuyasha back off, "just...never mind. You wouldn't understand. I'll be alright."

"Keh. Fine then. See if I care," Inuyasha sneered as he leapt back up in his tree.

A couple days later, Kagome was walking with the group, in usual formation, Miroku to her left, Sango to her right, Inuyasha forward, and Shippo tagging along behind, almost as if all to protect her in case of emergency. But, little did Kagome know, she was about to have an emergency.

After taking a long break, Kagome started to feel her bladder fill yet again. She knew that she had drunk too much with her two lemonades, cola, and several glasses of water, but she had no idea just how much. A few minutes later, she was walking a little hunched over, her bladder screaming for just a little relief. A little spot of pee dampened her blue puppy dog panties, making her gasp.

Miroku, ever so chivalrous, asked her "Kagome? Are you okay? Are you ill?"

"No, No...I'll be ok. I'll be right back, okay?" she said, trying to control her bladder, a losing battle to be sure.

"No. We need to get a little farther. You can wait" Inuyasha commanded, not even turning around.

Kagome's bladder spasmed, "No, I can't! I need to go now! Look, I just really, REALLY need to go to the bathroom, okay? I'll be right back."

"I ain't stoppin'"

Kagome quickly weighed her options, and decided to keep going, lest she become lost.

A few minutes later, her bladder was bulging greatly, and she had to stop every couple of minutes to contain herself, gritting her teeth, and crossing her legs. Shippo hopped up on Inuyasha's shoulder, and said, indignantly, "C'mon, Inuyasha. Kagome is really in trouble back there."

To this, the dog demon only growled. By now, Kagome's bladder was so full that she could barely walk without a geyser erupting from between her legs. Her bladder wanted so badly to let go, to relieve the pressure, and feel emptiness. She let out a long spurt of pee, the wet spot on her panties growing larger with hot pee, but letting Kagome feel a brief second of glorious relief.

Her hands flew between her legs, clasping over her panty-clad crotch, a tear dripping from one of her brown eyes. Sango asked," Kagome? What's wrong?"

"I have to go...I can't hold it anymore... I have to pee-pee-tinkle, ANYTHING!!! Oh God...oh God...no! It's coming! I'm gonna wet myself!!!!" Kagome screamed as she pressed her skirt against her panties. pee gushed from her swollen peehole in a long burst. She leaked again and again, putting it at a point where she could no longer hold her pee. Urine flooded down her thighs, puddling on the dirt. She cried outright as she tried to regain control, but it just kept coming. Her panties were soaked completely, her green skirt going darker as she peed.

Inuyasha was staring now as the girl peed herself right in the middle of the road. Her memories faded back to the first time she had ever lost control as a mature woman. It was the last period of the day, just after her lunch, and she had drunk just too much lemonade for her body to handle, despite the fact that it tasted so good. Halfway through, her bladder started to send signals for relief, but, alas, it was not to be had. You see, Kagome's teacher was very strict, and, seeing as this class was after lunch, Kagome was denied the chance to empty herself.

Her need grew fast and uncontrollable. Soon, she was pressing her skirt against the crotch of her panties, white at that time, just to contain herself. Suddenly, just as the clock hit the fifteen-minute mark, she felt her crotch release. Copious amounts of urine flowed from her tight cunt, no matter how much she tried to stop it. She peed and peed and peed, flooding her panties, spilling over the chair, and puddling on the floor. The hissing sound was unable to be ignored, audible even above her tears.

Back in Sengoku Jidai, Kagome was finally empty, feeling much better, and completely humiliated. She looked at her friends, all of whom were staring at her, and then ran off, crying her heart out. She went back to the well, through to her own time, and hoped she could get into her room to change. Just as she was about to get inside, her little brother, Sota, walked up the steps to her family shrine and home, and saw the back of his sister's skirt soaked again. She started to cry again, hearing him taunt her about her being unable to control her bladder, and ran up to her room.

That night, she cried herself to sleep, and, weakened from her frequent embarrassments over the past few days, flooded her sheets, angering her mother, and earning more humiliation from her brother. From that day forward, she really did earn the nickname "Tiny Tank."

Author: Zataku from easyshag.com

*002*2010-08-18 07:56

{{: 

Poor Kagome. She's a good fit for the desperation and wetting scene I think.

}}

I feel the same way. I found this story awhile back, but forgot about it. Refound it while I was searching for that Lucky Star fic I told you about (couldn't find it), figured I would post it.

*004*2010-08-18 09:50

{{: 

Eh, this one's kinda mediocre.

There are a lot of small things I don't like, such as the "wording" that was used. Then also the fact that the story just seems so.. random, there's hardly any detail in a lot of areas.

It's not bad, but it's not great.

}}

You make a good point. There are some certain things to this I don't like to much, but overall, I think it's all right.

Something about the name tinytank... *shivers*

*006*2010-08-21 06:30

{{: 

Actually, I wrote that a REALLY REALLY long time ago. Was back in High School then, and my writing was, as you said, pretty bad. Personally, I can't beleive it actually made it this far. I just wrote it as a way to meet people who were into this kinda stuff.

}}

You know I emailed you and I never got a response lol.

Anyway, pretty good story. Couldn't believe it when I found it.

*008*2010-08-21 18:39

{{: 

Oh, seriously? I'm sorry, Meowth. I never saw it.

I am planning on dusting my brain off and writing some new stuff for this site. Maybe another fanfic about Kagome, or something else. I haven't really made up my mind yet. I'm open to suggestions though.

}}

More writing, active members, and contributors to the site is always a great thing. I hope you do write some more, and Inuyasha is a great anime for it.

