P-Support Achieved (Fire Emblem Fates)

Author: MasterXploder

*006*2018-08-27 18:12

And we return to the cinnamon rolls with a new story, this one made possible with a commission.

P-Support Achieved 2: A Pee in Peace

Fire Emblem Fates Fanfiction by MasterXploder

Commissioned by Night Rain

With thanks to Captain L for editing

“Sakura!”

Elise couldn’t contain herself as the red-and-white clad princess of Hoshido came into view. Skipping right up to her, Elise threw her arms around Sakura before she had the chance to slip away.

“O-Oh! E-Elise!?” she squeaked out, her cheeks already turning red from the contact.

“I’m so glad you could make it. The banquet wouldn’t have been the same without you!” Elise continued, rubbing her cheek against Sakura’s shoulder.

“I’m… glad you’re here... too,” Sakura squeezed out with what little breath she had left.

“Oh, whoops!” Elise withdrew her arms and put them behind her back. “Eh heh, so how have you been? I hope the trip here wasn’t too rough for you.”

Sakura took the chance to catch her breath and shake her head. “No, it was alright. I enjoyed looking at all the sights along the way, and I had friends to talk with the whole time.”

Elise giggled. “Well, now you have me to hang out with! I’ve got a ton of things to talk about with you.”

“M-Me too,” said Sakura with a smile, “I hope my stories will be as interesting as yours.”

“Of course they will! You’re the one telling them, after all.”

Sakura’s cheeks gained a hint of pink. “R-Really? I’m… glad to hear that.”

“Yup!” Elise nodded, then held out a hand. “Now come on, let’s find somewhere to sit down and catch up.”

Sakura lifted her hand, albeit more slowly, and placed it in Elise’s. “I would love that very much.”

With that, Elise lead the way into the party, a yearly banquet to celebrate the peace between Hoshido and Nohr. Held near the border of both kingdoms, it was the ideal place for the royal families and war veterans alike to reunite and catch up on each other’s lives.

Elise planned on doing just that. While there were others from Hoshido she wanted to speak with, Sakura was the most important by far. The bond she formed with her was stronger than with anyone else outside her family, enough to make Sakura her best friend with no contest. Nothing was going to stop her from reconnecting with her.

“Hmm?”

Elise came to a stop as her body reminded her of something very important that she was supposed to take care of before this banquet. Uh oh, I forgot to tinkle, she thought with a frown.

Ever since she was young, Elise had been aware that her bladder was the smallest of the family. Whenever they had to travel, she was often the one to call for a bathroom break, while being close to bursting most of the time. Taking part in the war against Valla helped her build up some strength, but there were plenty of close calls and swapped underwear when nobody was looking.

Were it not for all the people in the large hall, Elise would have put a hand between her legs and hopped a little in response, such was her need to go. However, she was not about to whine and make a run for the bathroom. That was something a child would do, and Elise was a proper adult. She would hold it just like anyone else would and only excuse herself if someone else asked first.

“Is s-something wrong?”

Especially around her best friend.

“Oh! N-Nothing’s wrong!” Elise turned to Sakura. “I was just, um, trying to think of the best place for us to sit!” Elise tugged on her hand and led them away again. “Here, that table there looks good, just for the two of us.”

“Oh! Okay then,” Sakura replied.

Elise could apologize later. First, she needed to sit down at the table she had picked. That way, she could hide her twisting legs and pressed hand to her bladder. It wouldn’t be easy, but if her big sister could go entire dinners without excusing herself, than she had to learn to do it, too. She’d show everyone here just how much of a grown-up she had become, no matter what.

As it turned out, being an adult was a lot harder than she expected.

A couple hours had passed since Elise and Sakura took their seats. It was a pleasant time at first, with good food, refreshing drinks, and plenty of fun conversation. Even in peaceful times, there was still plenty of work to do and little adventures to go on in both kingdoms. Even the boring stuff turned out fun to tell to a good friend.

But as time dragged on, Elise found it harder and harder to focus on all the fun. Instead, she was too busy worrying about how full her bladder had gotten. It was so painful having to hold it all in now, let alone keep it hidden from Sakura.

“Is something wrong, Elise?”

“Huh?” Elise only now realized she hadn’t been paying attention the last few seconds. “Um, n-nothing’s wrong! I just, er, had too much to eat. I’m stuffed!” She patted her stomach for emphasis.

“Mmm, me too, n-now that you mention it.” From across the table, Elise could see Sakura moving to hold her stomach, or something near it, at least. “I’m gonna have to go right back to my diet tomorrow.”

“Same here, but I definitely don’t regret it right now. This is the best meal I’ve had in a long time!”

“It is?” Sakura frowned again. “Have you been eating well back home?”

“Kinda,” said Elise. “Sometimes, we’re so busy taking care of things in Nohr that we don’t have time to sit down for a proper meal. We’ll just snack on some fruit and get back to work.”

“I’m sorry to h-hear that.”

Elise shrugged. “It’s alright. Reforming a kingdom is a lot of hard work, but it’s super worth it to see everybody smiling and living well.”

Sakura nodded. “Just remember to m-make some free time for yourself. It’ll make a lot of difference when you get older.”

“I hear that,” Elise said with a giggle. “Xander and Camilla have already been talking to me about some of my responsibilities now that I’m a little older.” She leaned in and spoke at a softer volume. “They’ve even been talking to me about marriage.”

“M-Marriage?” Sakura’s eyes widened. “Are you r-really…?”

“Oh gosh, no!” Elise shook her head. “At least, not right now. They’ve just been saying that I’m getting to that age where people are going to ask for my hand, and I should only marry someone I know for sure I want to share my life with.”

“Oh.” Sakura’s face relaxed. “Ryoma’s been telling me the same thing, too. He said not to let anything but love determine who I wed, and especially not to let others pressure me into it.”

“Good to know we’re both getting the same good advice,” Elise said with a giggle. She leaned back, hands pressed into her lap. “But if I’m gonna marry someone, they gotta be someone special.”

Sakura nodded. “I would want to marry someone special, too. Someone who c-cares for me and makes me happy just thinking about them.”

“When you put it that way, marriage just sounds like another form of friendship,” said Elise with a cheeky grin. “In fact, it almost sounds like you and I could be married!”

“Huh!?” Sakura hunched forward and looked down, her whole body suddenly going tense.

“Oh, I was just joking, Sakura!” Elise put her hands up. “I didn’t mean to embarrass you like that!”

“Mmm, n-no, it’s not that,” mumbled Sakura, still looking down and fidgeting.

Elise turned her head. “Then what’s wrong?”

Sakura looked around to make sure they were alone, then leaned in and whispered. “I, um… r-really need the bathroom.”

You too!? Elise almost blurted out. She had been so preoccupied with her own need, she didn’t think that anyone else would share in her plight.

“I-I’m sorry for mentioning that,” Sakura continued, pushing her chair back. “I’ll e-excuse myself now.”

“Wait, Sakura!” said Elise. “It’s fine. Actually, I could really use the bathroom, too.”

“You do?” Sakura’s eyes went wide next.

Elise wiggles in her seat, her cheeks gaining a bit of pink as well. “Pretty bad, actually. You wanna go together?”

“Um… sure,” said Sakura as she stood up, “D-Do you know where it is?”

“Nope, but I’m sure we’ll find it in no time.” Elise stood up and grabbed Sakura’s hand. “Now let’s go. This party isn't as fun on a full bladder!”

“A-Are you sure there’s one near here?”

“Um, I, uh…” Elise looked at the walls of the corridor they had just rounded the corner to. She had expected to see a door with a sign reading “lavatory” on it, but no such thing could be found. “I could’ve sworn the bathroom was right here.”

“Mmmm, I was hoping so, too” said Sakura, wiggling her hips now that she was alone with a trusted friend. “Did we make a w-wrong turn somewhere?”

“Ehhh, maybe?” said Elise. “Come on, let’s keep going. There’s gotta be one somewhere!” At least, that’s what she hoped. She had no idea what she would do if they couldn’t find one.

As much as Elise didn’t want to admit, she might have to face that reality soon. Her bladder felt so full, it was getting difficult to even walk without keeping her legs locked together. She could not remember needing to pee so badly since her childhood, and that unfortunate camping incident that led to her wetting herself in front of her whole family.

But it wasn’t just herself she was worried for. She had seen Sakura suffering just as much out of the corner of her eyes. The whimpering, lip-biting, and stiff walking tugged at her heartstrings not unlike the way seeing her friends get hurt in the war did. She could never forgive herself if Sakura were to have an accident because of her getting them lost.

“Come on, let’s keep going! We gotta find one sooner or later!” she declared, marching down the hall. And I really hope it’s sooner!

And so, their desperate search continued for a little longer. They walked down more halls and rooms, each looking like the last, their pace growing slower by the minute. Despite doing what she could to stay positive, Elise could not but feel more hopeless with each door passed.

“Come on, please be right around here,” she mumbled as she turned the handle to the latest door. It swung open, but to their dismay, it was not a toilet. Instead, the girls looked into a small courtyard, just big enough to house a statue, a couple bushes, and a tiny tree in the corner. A stone wall overlooked a cliff leading straight down, allowing the setting sun to bathe the whole place in an orange light.

“Aw, man,” Elise said with a frown. “Let’s find another-“

“Aah!”

“Sakura!?” Elise turned towards her friend. Sakura stood with her eyes shut, hands firmly between her legs and hips pushed back. Worst of all, a single drop could be seen on the floor between her feet.

“I… d-don’t think I can make it,” she managed to say, a glint of tears squeezing through her eyelids.

Seeing her best friend in such pain proved too much for Elise. In that moment, avoiding her own accident didn’t matter anymore. She had to save Sakura from an embarrassing fate, and if they couldn’t find a bathroom, they would just have to use the next best thing.

“Quick, come this way!” Elise grabbed Sakura’s wrist and pulled her into the courtyard.

“Wha-What!?” Sakura gasped. “Where are we going?”

“We’re going right here!” said Elise as they reached their destination: the set of bushes in the corner. As Elise had hoped, they were set up perfectly for someone to squat between them and not be seen. Unfortunately, they were too tightly packed for more than one person at a time, so they would have to take turns, and Elise had already decided who would go first.

“Quick, crouch down in here. I’ll stand watch so nobody sees you,” Elise continued.

“Go… here!?” Sakura’s face turned pale behind her red cheeks. “B-But this is someone’s castle. I-I can’t…”

“Sakura, please.“ Elise looked her in the eyes. “I really don’t want you to hurt yourself or have an accident. You can do this just this once, and we’ll apologize to them later, okay?”

Sakura looked from Elise to the bushes, and back again. “Okay, I’ll d-do it,” she said with a small nod.

Elise smiled at her success. “Okay, hurry, before it’s too late!” she replied, nudging Sakura into moving.

“A-Alright.” Sakura shuffled into the bushes, grabbing the end of her skirt along the way.

Meanwhile, Elise did as she said and turned to face the doorways. She kept an eye to the doorways and an ear open in case Sakura needed help. All the while, her legs moved on their own, wiggling and squeezing together. The knowledge of relief being so close made her hold feel more tenuous than before; she knew she wasn’t leaving this yard without an empty bladder.

Even so, Sakura remained her main concern. Elise couldn’t stop herself from wondering if she was going to be fine, or if she could even make herself go. She had no idea if her friend had gotten over her shy bladder from back then.

“Aah!”

Elise’s ears perked up at Sakura’s gasp. She turned her head towards the bushes and opened her mouth to ask if she was okay.

Her answer came in the sound of a pitter-patter of something hitting the grass. It was a faint, but steady noise, one that grew louder over time. The next thing she heard was a long sigh, light and quivering at first, but turning steady by the end.

Elise didn’t need to hear anything else to know what was happening. Sakura had managed to make herself go, and was enjoying the pleasure of letting out so much into the grass. Even her shy nature was not enough to stop her from voicing her pleasure, at least at first.

Elise smiled to herself again, knowing her friend would be okay tonight. Strangely enough, she couldn’t stay happy for long. As she kept listening to Sakura’s piddling, another feeling crept up inside her. She had the desire to turn around and check on her friend, even though she doubted Sakura was having trouble of any kind. It was a weird idea, peeping on her friend relieving herself, and yet she found it a little too alluring to resist.

As quietly as she could, Elise turned and crept up to the bushes. She paused to contemplate what she was doing for only a second before leaning in.

She had to stop herself from gasping at what she saw. There was Sakura, squatting in the bushes, her back turned to Elise. This was a scandalous view enough, but what really caught Elise’s attention was at the ground level, turning her cheeks bright red. The yellow stream she had expected to see was right there between Sakura’s legs, spraying the ground without abandon, its true source just hidden by her skirt. Already, a sizable puddle formed, changing the sound of her piddling in subtle ways.

Poor Sakura must have been at her very limit when she finally let go, Elise surmised, but there was no mistaking the satisfaction in her body language. Her shoulders were relaxed, and her breathing had become steady, save for the occasional sigh. Elise couldn’t see her face, but she knew Sakura probably had a soft smile and red cheeks while she peed.

Elise knew she should have been grossed out or ashamed of intruding on a friend’s privacy, yet she couldn’t pull herself away. For whatever reason known only to the gods, watching Sakura stirred up some strange feelings in her, not unpleasant but still a bit weird. It was like happiness mixed with a kind of longing. She wanted more, to see Sakura from the front, her eyes closed and mouth turned up in pleasure while all that pesky pee left her body at long last...

“Eep!”

Elise’s bladder mistook her fantasizing for reality. A big spurt of warmth hit her underwear out of nowhere, snapping her back to the present at once. All thoughts of continuing to watch Sakura go went out of her head, instead replaced with doing anything she can to stop herself from joining in the relief too soon.

Elise turned around, locked her legs together from the knees up, lifted her skirt up just a little, and shoved her hands to her girlhood as hard as she could. Closing her eyes, she began the biggest potty dance of her life since her childhood. Her legs twisted, hips wiggled, teeth pressed into her lower lip, and feet hopped without shame, all in one last attempt to keep it all in for just a little longer.

But no matter how much she danced, how loud she whimpered, or how tightly she held her groin, she could feel her strength failing. She couldn’t hold on anymore, especially not after letting her bladder get so full and having to watch and listen to Sakura enjoying her piddling right next to her.

Once she felt her gloves growing wet and warm, Elise knew it was over. She brought her dance to a stop, lifted her skirt up, closed her eyes, and let her leak turn into a full accident.

With her dress held up, the sun’s rays were able to hit everywhere normally hidden. Elise’s black bloomers gained an obvious gleam in the light, as did the golden stream falling straight down from the center, piddling at the ground between her shoulder-width feet. Shiny trails ran down her legs and into her boots, where she felt her socks and feet growing wet from her gross bodily fluids.

Emotions of all kind flooded Elise’s mind as she flooded her clothes. Relief and disbelief, elation and humiliation, but the biggest one of all was failure. It weighed her down harder than her bladder did at its fullest, the wet feelings, noises, and smell only reinforcing how pathetic she felt. Had she even grown up a little bit since her accident-prone youth?

Then again, what else did she deserve? Elise had betrayed a friend’s trust and watched her do something very personal. She couldn’t think of a better punishment than to pee herself so close to relief.

“Oh!”

Elise opened her eyes at the gasp and discovered she had turned herself around in her potty dancing. Sakura stood in front of her, with a hand over her mouth and her eyes locked onto Elise’s lower half. She could see every last detail of Elise’s failure, from the soaking she gave her legs and undies, to her red, whimpering, sad face. There was only one way Elise could react when faced with such shame.

“Waaaaaaahhhhh!”

Just like with her bladder, Elise couldn’t hold back the flow of liquids, this time from her eyes. Tears ran down her cheeks as freely as pee down her legs, while she bawled without any sense of dignity.

“E-Elise! Please don’t cry!” yelled Sakura, holding her hands out.

“Why shouldn’t I? I just had an accident in front of my best friend!” Elise blubbered.

“It’s okay, really! Th-these can happen to a-anyone. I can get you cleaned up right away!”

Elise shook her head. “But it didn’t happen to anyone, it happened to me! I’m supposed to b-be an adult and get m-married and l-lead a kingdom, but how can I do that when I can’t even hold my pee-pee like one!?”

Elise continued to cry, her tears still flowing from her shut eyes after her stream of pee finally petered out. She would have stayed like that for a long time, if not for a pair of hands gently grabbing on to each of her wrists.

“W-wha?” Elise opened her eyes and found Sakura standing close to her.

“I think you’re a good adult, Elise,” Sakura said with a smile.

“You do?” asked Elise.

Sakura nodded. “I’ve always thought you were m-mature since the war ended. You’re always looking out for everyone and w-wanting to make others happy. You even let s-someone go first before you did, even when you were about to wet yourself. That was a very grown-up thing to do.”

“I… I guess so.” Elise looked down at the mess she made. “But I really should’ve gone sooner. I j-just wanted to show myself that I had grown up a lot.”

“It’s okay,” said Sakura, “I-I made the same mistake as you, and, um, if it makes you feel any better, I… didn’t m-make it entirely.”

“H-huh? What do you mean?”

Sakura let go and stepped back, grabbing the end of her skirt. She paused to look away and take a breath before slowly pulling it upwards.

Elise’s eyes went wide as saucers upon seeing Sakura’s red panties. A sizeable wet patch stuck out at the crotch, not big enough to be considered an accident, but a very close call regardless. A bit of moisture gathered on the very bottom as well, evidence that she had nothing to wipe with before pulling them back up. Anyone would be uncomfortable and self-conscious wearing them, to say the least.

Elise could only imagine the amount of courage it took for the shy, modest princess to do something like this. Maybe this was why she couldn’t take her eyes off what should have been a gross sight. Then again, the mix of a dark spot against the bright red and the shine on her pale thighs brought that fuzzy feeling throughout Elise’s body again, keeping her staring long after she needed to.

“S-Sakura,” she mumbled, her eyes becoming cloudy.

“I’m sorry.” Sakura lowered her skirt again, much to Elise’s disappointment. “If I could have held it just a little longer, then maybe…”

“Don’t do that!” interrupted Elise.

“H-huh?” Sakura looked back to Elise.

“None of this was your fault. You don’t have a thing to apologize for!” Elise looked down at the puddle on the grass that she still stood in. “This was all my fault. I should’ve said something a lot sooner, and then I got us lost. I made for a bad tinkle buddy tonight.”

“Um, I wouldn’t say that,” said Sakura.

“Huh? But you had to go in the bushes and got your panties wet because of me.”

“Mmm, that’s true.” Sakura’s hand went to play with her skirt. “But, do you remember during the war when we used to… r-relieve ourselves together?”

How could Elise forget? Those moments in the day when she and Sakura squatted and held hands, relaxing enough to let their bladders empty on the ground together; she would never admit it, but they had become a guilty pleasure of hers that she looked back on with fondness.

“Um, sure, I remember that,” she replied.

“Well, it was because you were there that I was able to let myself go around everyone else.” Sakura had to look away again. “And, I think that if you weren’t here, I w-wouldn’t have been able to use the bushes, either.”

Sakura’s words hit Elise with the power of Brynhildr. To think that she had such an impact on her friend even now…

“Here, w-we should get cleaned up.” Sakura stepped forward and held out a hand. “I know where we are now. My room isn’t too far from here.”

“Oh, y-yeah.” Elise snapped out of her thoughts. She pulled off a wet glove and tucked it under her arm, then took Sakura’s hand. With only Sakura wearing a glove, this was the most intimate they had ever held hands. Elise wanted to hold on forever, but she had to put that feeling aside for now. First, she needed a good bath and some clean undies, and she knew Sakura would be happy to give her both.

(Want me to write an omofic about a certain character? Check out my commissions thread here!

)

*008*2019-06-06 21:34

A/N: Behold, a new installment in this series, once again made possible through a commission! If you'd like to know more about my commissions, check out the main thread here

.

P-Support Achieved 3:

Letting it Out

Fire Emblem Fates fanfiction by MasterXploder

Commissioned by Night Rain

With thanks to Sake and Biku for editing

Red hair. Delicate, smooth skin. A gentle smile with a modest posture. Pinkish eyes holding a soft contentment with the world.

Even from a distance, Elise could admire Sakura's natural beauty as one admired some well-kept flowers, enough to make her stare for more than a bit. How could she not, though? These diplomatic meetings between Hoshido and Nohr in Corrin's Astral Planes castle only happen every couple of months or so.

Sitting at a table in a flower garden, Elise sighed to herself. Yep, she liked Sakura. Like-liked, even. She'd had enough time since that incident at the banquet to sort these feelings out, even accept that she felt this way for another girl. Just seeing Hoshido’s fairest princess now filled her heart with all kinds of emotions, but most of all was a kind of happiness she had never felt with her family and friends before.

Elise had to confess her feelings, no two ways about it. If she didn’t, they would eat away at her until she drove herself crazy. At least, that’s what Camilla told her, and she wasn’t about to doubt her big sister when it came to matters of the heart. But looking at Sakura now, Elise wasn’t sure if she could bring herself to do it. Thinking about it was enough to fill her stomach with butterflies, send her heart quivering with anxiety, and make her body tingle in unpleasant ways, especially at her groin. All sorts of doubts would plague her mind as well: What if Sakura only saw her as a friend? What if she wasn’t interested in girls to begin with? Would they even be able to stay friends after this?

Elise shook her head, then quickly chugged the last of her tea for courage. Sitting there and letting these thoughts fester would get her nowhere. She needed to get up and do it while the girl of her dreams was still by herself.

She marched up with dedication at first, rehearsing the exact speech she would give over and over in her mind. But as Sakura’s ear twitched from her footsteps and the princess turned to make eye contact, all of that careful planning vanished from Elise’s mind in an instant. She came to an immediate stop, her eyes going wide and face growing warm.

“Oh, Elise!” said Sakura, “It’s good to see you. Did you need something?”

“Um, h-hi Sakura!” Elise’s voice lacked any of the confidence she’d hoped to have at this moment. “I was just here, um, admiring you...r interest in the flowers, yeah! And I thought I’d c-come over and… say hi?” She could not keep eye contact, even if she were told her life depended on it.

Sakura was no dummy either, already tilting her head with a quizzical look. “Um, are you okay?”

“No!” blurted Elise, quickly realizing her louder-than-intentional volume and trying to smile it away. “Um, I mean yes! I’m just, er, happy to see you again. It feels like it’s been forever since we saw each other last, you know?”

“Mmm, it does feel that way. It seems like the time we spend together always flies by, doesn’t it?”

“Sure does! So..." Elise paused to scratch her cheek and think of what to say next. “Crazy question, but how do you feel about kissing a girl?” No, that’s way too much! “I think you’re prettier than all the flowers in this garden!” Ugh, super-cheesy! Where are you, Camilla? I need your help now!

“Elise, are you sure you’re okay?” There was that worried look again. “Do you need me to take a look at you?” She lifted a hand towards Elise’s forehead.

“I’m fine, honest!” Elise quickly took a step back. “But well, I really need to, um, tell you a few important things, and I might’ve, um, skipped my morning meditation, that’s all.”

“Oh!” Sakura’s eyes widened as she glanced somewhere behind Elise.

“Huh? W-What’s wrong?” asked Elise, taking a quick look behind her and finding no one. Is someone spying on me trying to confess?

“Um, it’s nothing.” Sakura nudged a stray bang out of her face “I just remembered that I, um, need to join my sister for our morning meditations. I almost forgot about it."

Somehow, Elise felt equal amounts of relief and disappointment. "Oh, then don't let me keep you. Go right ahead!" she declared with a smile that she hoped looked genuine.

"Hmm, but before I go, can we promise to meet up again later? M-maybe in a couple hours?"

"S-sure thing!" Elise nodded. "Where do you want to meet?"

"How about the gate that leads into the forest? I've been wanting to take a walk outside the castle, and I'd l-like to have a friend with me." A small blush peeked through Sakura's face. "That is, if you're okay with it."

“Oh, absolutely! A couple hours from now; I’ll be there for sure!”

Sakura bowed, and the two parted ways from there. The moment Elise rounded a corner, she dropped her smile and let out an exasperated sigh. Confessing her feelings was turning out way tougher than she thought. She certainly didn't expect herself to turn all shy and bashful like her friend. As cute as it was to watch Sakura act that way, she had to admit it wasn’t quite so pleasant when it was happening to her.

But as disappointed in herself as she felt, Elise couldn't get too down about it. She would have a second chance at it in a couple hours, after all. However, she absolutely could not screw this up again, for Sakura’s sake as much as her own. It was time to get serious, and that meant she needed to prepare herself. First up: another cup of tea to soothe her mind. That, and it was a particularly lovely brew, so she couldn't help herself anyway.

"Ooh, that was not a good idea!"

Elise frowned as she stood at the gate to the woods. Well, stood was not entirely accurate. She more shifted and fidgeted, occasionally pacing from one end to the other.

Despite her best planning and deep breathing, Elise was just as nervous as her first confession attempt. The same doubts from before would still not leave her head, and no doubt Sakura was probably weirded out from last time. If anything else, she felt more worried than ever, and Sakura being a little late was not helping matters.

This was not even getting into the other problem that had arisen, the product of having a second and even third cup of tea. In her worry over her Sakura dilemma, Elise had completely neglected an important part of her morning rituals. Enough had filled her bladder to send off one unpleasant throb after the next, doubling her worries.

Stupid Jakob, why does he have to make such tasty tea? Elise put one knee over the other to suppress another wave, looking around to make sure no one saw her potty dance. She couldn't confess to Sakura, not with crossed legs and a major risk of soaking her bloomers like she did at the dinner. Problem was, she didn't know if she had enough time for a quick potty break. The nearest bathroom was a couple buildings away, and she didn't want to be absent when Sakura showed up.

Her eyes then drifted towards a set of well-kept bushes on both sides of the gate. She knew it was wrong to think about it, but the idea was there. Just a quick little squat and her problem would be solved. It's what Sakura had to do back then and what Elise would have done if her holding strength hadn't failed her so spectacularly.

That party… her thoughts kept leading her back there. Why wouldn’t they? It was the night Elise realized that her feelings for Sakura were different than for the rest of her friends and family. However, it also made her think of that one moment before that, the first time she and Sakura relieved themselves together. Here they were about to head into the forest where it happened, and Elise was in dire need of a tinkle. She was beginning to realize that fate had a strange sense of humor sometimes.

But back to the matter at hand. Elise’s hands drifted to her skirt while she eyed the bushes. If this was what she needed to do to ensure a successful confession, she would not hesitate. At least there wasn’t anyone nearby at the moment...

“E-Elise?”

“Hah!?” She jumped in place at the voice right behind her, but quickly turned around with a strained smile. “Oh, Sakura! Y-You made it,” said Elise, trying to get her breathing - and her bladder - under control. She considered the fact that nothing had escaped her groin to be nothing short of a miracle.

“Um, s-sorry if I startled you,” replied Sakura, “I h-had to stay a bit longer to m-make sure everything was just right. I hope you can forgive me.”

“Eh-heh, it’s okay.” Elise’s gaze drifted back to the bushes, which no longer looked so inviting in the presence of her crush. “I was just, er, taking in the fresh air for a moment. I get lost in it sometimes, you know?”

“I suppose so…” Sakura’s eyes followed Elise’s to the shrubbery as well and the faintest hint of concern appeared on her lips.

Elise dreaded the answer, but asked anyway. “S-something wrong, Sakura?”

“Mmm, N-no, it’s nothing,” she replied.

“Hey, we don’t have to do this if you don’t want. Maybe we’ll try again later tonight or tomorrow?” Elise felt like a bit of a coward for trying to back out, even if it was supposedly for her friend’s sake.

To this, Sakura put on a smile. “I’m f-fine. This is something I’ve been w-wanting to do. I think it’ll help me out, anyway.”

Help her out? Elise felt her concern rising, but it paled in comparison to the desires of her heart and bladder. “Okay, if you’re ready to go, then I am too! Shall we?”

Sakura nodded. “Let’s go.”

Both girls turned and departed through the gate, Sakura walking just in front of Elise. The endless fields of lush trees and plants entered their view, the faint rustling of leaves accompanying the birdsong overhead. Unique plants not found anywhere in Hoshido or Nohr sprouted all over, making for a peaceful and awe-inspiring sight.

Sadly, the natural beauty of these woods was the last thing on Elise’s troubled mind. Though she was right behind Sakura, her fake smile dropped to a frown as she took one last look at the bushes that could no longer serve as her emergency bathroom. To say this was not how she had planned on her big confession going would be an understatement. A panicky heart, uncooperative mind, and now a bursting bladder on top of it all? Suddenly, this one moment of stage fright felt more insurmountable than any of the battles from the war.

She knew of the obvious solution: just tell Sakura she needed to squat behind a tree and make a little water. It would take care of one problem at least. Unfortunately, Elise could not even bring herself to muster those words. Not only were the nerves getting to her, but those pesky doubtful thoughts discouraged her as well. What would it look like if Elise stopped to pee, then came forward with her feelings before even having the chance to wash her hands? That was no way to confess; it had to be a perfect, convincing display of how someone genuinely feels for another. There was also the slight chance that Sakura would need to go sometime during the walk as well, and they might even have to squat and hold hands together like all those times long ago. As nice as it was to have a moment like that, she knew it always took a lot for Sakura to pee next to another girl. Elise certainly didn’t want to force so much on her so quickly.

Yet again, Elise felt disappointed in herself, but she would just have to wait for another opportunity, both to pee and to come clean. Maybe it’s for the better, she thought. Sakura looked pretty concerned with other things, anyway. There was a faint but certain uneasiness to her walk. Not only was it a bit slower than normal, but it had a hint of stiffness to it.

For a moment, Elise had to wonder if she was the only one suffering from an overfilled bladder, but that would be too perfect. Sakura just had to be tired or something. Besides, the tension in Sakura’s body was nothing compared to Elise’s. She kept her hands together over the hem of her skirt, a gesture combining both her nervousness and urge for relief. Her teeth idly nibbled on her lower lip, and she occasionally let off a faint whimper with each throb from her groin. For her, this relaxing nature walk was going to be anything but.

"W-whoa!"

Especially if she didn't keep an eye out for stray roots.

Elise stumbled forward, frantically waving her arms in a desperate attempt to balance herself. It was all for naught, as she felt herself falling forward, having just enough time to cover her face before she hit the dirt with a thud.

“E-Elise!?” Sakura’s hands went to her mouth.

“Uugh…” Elise groaned as she slowly pushed up onto her hands and knees. Great, now I’m just like Arthur, she chided herself, Could this get any worse?

Her eyes shot open immediately after, for she realized it already had. First, with her short dress and rigid hem, Elise knew she was giving Sakura and the forest behind her a good look at her black bloomers. Worse than that, she became very aware of an unwanted wetness pressing against her groin, faint but frightening all the same. Her bladder had taken advantage of her momentary gap in defense, letting loose a quick spurt when she had smacked into the ground.

“Are you o-okay?” Sakura knelt down to her rigid friend.

“Yep!” Like a bolt of lightning, Elise shot right back up to her feet. "Just a little tumble there, n-nothing to worry about, hee hee!"

Sakura gave her an unconvinced look as she stood back up, the corner of her mouth wincing ever so slightly. “Are you sure? That looked like a hard fall.”

In truth, it had hurt a bit, and now Elise had to deal with pain in other parts of her body than her bladder. “Of course I’m sure! Abso-posi-lutely!” she tried to put on her best fake smile despite all the pressure. “Now what do you say we c-continue our little walk? J-just you and me and all the birds and trees and-”

“Elise.”

Elise’s babbling came to an immediate end. It was rare for her to hear Sakura speak with such an authoritative tone, even rarer for it to be directed towards her. It reminded her of the way Xander spoke to her before sitting her down for a serious talk. “Y-Yes?” she asked with a flat face.

Sakura’s expression was stoic and serious. “I know what’s bothering you.”

Just when Elise thought she couldn’t worry any harder. Her heart skipped several beats and her breath caught in her throat. It felt like the agonizing pressure spread from her bladder to her entire body, like she could explode in a tidal wave of emotions at any second. “Y-you… know?” she mouthed.

To this, Sakura slowly nodded, closing her eyes. “I had been wondering about you since the dinner. I could see it in your eyes, how full of worry they are every time you look at me.”

Of course Sakura would figure it out. Only now did Elise realize that her friend’s concern for others would tell her everything before Elise could. Still, it did little to quell the storm inside. How long had Sakura known about her feelings? Was she about to be turned down before even getting the chance to confess? Would they even still be friends after this? All these questions flooded her mind, but she couldn’t put any of them into speech with her throat as tight as it was.

“You’re my best friend, Elise,” she continued, opening her eyes again. “I don’t like s-seeing you b-bottling up your feelings like this. All I want is for you to be happy.”

The damp feelings of tears welling up visited Elise’s eyes. “S-Sakura…” she started, “I’m s-so sorry. I n-never wanted to risk our f-friendship like this, but I...” she lowered her head, the first tear falling from her eye.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Sakura’s hand reach out to hers. Even through a glove, its soft warmth kept her from losing complete control of herself, like a soothing anchor in a tumultuous sea.

“It’s okay,” came Sakura’s soft voice. “I know what I have to do, for the both of us.”

Elise felt more fragile than the most brittle of glass as she lifted her head looked into her friend’s eyes. She could see the sadness in Sakura’s eyes, as though there was a part of her that didn’t want to do whatever would come next. However, there was an equal amount of determination within, and Elise knew that she would carry it out no matter what.

For a moment, it was like the whole world stood still as Elise waited. The surrounding forests and the noises within faded away into nothingness. All Elise could see was her friend’s lips, and all she could hear was her own heart pounding.

Then, Sakura’s mouth finally opened. However, no words came out, only a slight, shaky intake of air. Sakura’s hand squeezed her own for an instant as well. Elise had a brief thought that maybe she had trouble getting the words out herself.

But another noise quickly pulled Elise’s attention. A very faint sound of something falling onto the grass below them, made audible only by it hitting a stray leaf. Elise had an idea of what that noise was, and it frightened her to no end.

No, not here, not now! Her gaze immediately jerked downwards, afraid to see a waterfall happening between her legs. She couldn’t even feel her bladder at this point, such was her mental state.

She saw it: a yellow-tinted water falling in scattered drops and creating a small patch in the dirt. What shocked Elise the most, however, was that it was not coming from her own legs.

“H-Huh?” She couldn’t comprehend it at first. It had to have been a strange dream. But the longer she looked, the longer she couldn’t deny it: Sakura, Princess of Hoshido and the girl she loved, was wetting herself in front of her.

It was no small accident, either. Within seconds, the small drops became a sprinkle, her pee glistening in the sunlight as they made their way to the earth any way they could. Unfortunately, this also included running down Sakura’s legs, where her bare skin gained a gleam. Her long white socks gained the opposite, a series of dark trails running down the insides of her legs, all the way to her feet and joining with the puddle between them. Perhaps most shocking of all, her free hand went to her skirt and pulled it upwards, revealing her red panties and the wet patch growing ever larger at the crotch, making it cling to her in a way that formed an improper outline around her most personal place.

"S-Sakura…" Elise breathlessly muttered, still not entirely able to comprehend what she saw. Her eyes darted back up to learn more, but it only left her more dumbfounded. Sakura was clearly upset; her breath shallow and ragged, her cheeks burning red, and eyes growing shiny from holding back her tears. However, that fire in her eyes was still there, even as she soaked her entire lower half, perhaps staining her socks and underwear irreparably.

Sakura had wanted to do this; there was no other explanation for such a demeaning display. This revelation only raised more questions in Elise's mind, and she couldn't resist asking her, in the best way her overwhelmed brain could: "But… why?"

To this, Sakura let go of Elise's hand and wiped a tear from her own eyes. "I… I never forgot about y-your, erm, accident at the dinner, and how upset you were. I was worried you s-still weren't over it, s-so I wanted us to be equal again."

Sakura looked down at her dwindling stream and the mess it had made. By now, the puddle had grown to reach both feet, and both girls could smell her urine, sharp and unpleasant.

"You… did this for me?"

She nodded and gingerly lowered her skirt, hiding her soaked smallclothes from view again. "You don't have to be so worried around me anymore. Now I'm just l-like you." Sakura offered a small smile, a sincere warmth against a face full of embarrassment.

Just when Elise thought she was already full of emotions, a new one emerged: guilt. "Oh, Sakura! You didn't have to do that!" She looked down at the grass. "I wasn't still upset about my accident. Er, maybe a little, but it wasn’t on my mind at all when I was looking at you today!"

Now Sakura was the bewildered one. "You weren't? But then…"

Elise could see the worry growing on Sakura's face, the dreadful thought that she had just humiliated herself for nothing. This wouldn't do; if she didn't find a way to soothe Sakura's worries, her friend might be the one leaving these woods in tears.

"Hah!?"

A painful throb gave Elise her answer. In all the drama, she had completely forgotten her dire need to tinkle, even when watching Sakura wet herself. There was no ignoring it any longer now; she could feel her hold slipping away by the second. She had maybe a few moments before all her pent-up piddle would come out, giving her smallclothes as much of a soaking as Sakura had done hers.

But maybe just this once, having an accident might not be all that bad.

“Elise? W-what’s wrong?” Sakura leaned in, her worry turning towards her friend.

To this, Elise closed her eyes, offered a weak smile, and responded with a soft “Oops!”

Her hold fully gave out in the very next moment. Elise’s blush grew deeper as she felt her bloomers grow very warm and very wet, very quickly. A scattered stream of yellow fell from beneath her dress while several trails ran down her pale legs and into her high boots.

All those unpleasant sensations - the small tinkling noises, the way her clothes clung to her skin, the rapidly-cooling wetness, the sharp stench of pee - it was like Elise was back at the dinner all over again. There was one big difference, however: she didn’t feel like bawling her eyes out this time. Instead, she let out a shaky sigh, conveying both her embarrassment at peeing herself as well as the relief of finally ridding herself of a painfully-bloated bladder.

Opening her eyes, she found Sakura staring wide-eyed at Elise’s lower half, her hands clasped over her mouth. “Oh… Oh no!” she squeaked out. “D-did you need to go all this time!?”

Elise nodded. “Y-Yep. I just didn’t w-wanna say anything because… I really wanted to tell you something, but I was s-super nervous.” Even Elise was surprised at how the words came out so easily now, even while urine fell out of her just as effortlessly. “B-but look!”

Elise surprised herself again by grabbing her skirt and lifting it up to show off her soaking bloomers and the exact source of her pee. While the black color made it difficult to see a wet patch, one could still see how it clung around her groin, forming an outline that her retainers would be horrified to see her showing off.

“Tee-hee-hee, now we’re really equals!” Elise declared without shame as her piddle petered out. When all was said and done, her puddle was as big as Sakura’s, reaching from one foot to the other.

At first, Sakura didn’t move at all, but she eventually lowered her hands and smiled. “I… guess we really are,” she said, punctuating with a giggle that sounded like music to Elise’s ears.

“Yep!” Elise dropped her skirt and stepped out of her puddle. “Now what do you say we head back and get cleaned up? I know a bath sounds really good to me right now!” She offered her hand to Sakura.

“Mmm, I’d l-like that very much.” She gingerly took Elise’s hand, their fingers weaving together.

The two set off back towards the castle, leaving their puddles to evaporate and absorb into the dirt. Elise winced a bit at how cool her legs and elsewhere felt as she walked, but it was hard to get worked up over it. After the emotional ride she had been through, Elise felt strangely calm, like she no longer had to worry about anything bad anymore, especially not when she was holding the hand of the girl she desired.

“Um, Elise?”

“Hmm?” Elise looked over to a blushing Sakura. “What is it?”

“Y-you said you had something you w-wanted to tell me. Could I ask what it was?”

“Oh, that!” Elise scratched her cheek. “Um, can it wait until after the bath? I think it’s something best said in clean underwear, you know?”

“Oh, of course! Whenever you want.”

“Hee-hee, don’t worry,” she said, giving a smile as big as her heart. “I’ll definitely tell you soon. That’s a promise, and I never break my promises, especially not with my best friend!”
