Elricest Fanfiction

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-05-17 08:02

BEFORE YOU READ ON. This is an Elricest Fullmetal Fanfiction. It contains: Omorashi (duh), incest, and soft yaoi. It semi follows the actual story line of Brotherhood- A background to this specific FF- It's been a few months since Al got his body back (Ed has his arm back, but not his leg). The brothers are together sexually, and on a train going to visit Winry and Granny in their hometown. If you don't like incest or yaoi, don't read! Just thought I'd warn everyone about the content. Any comments/constructive criticisms would be welcome.

Alphonse sat next to Ed on the empty train, glad to be back in his body again. He rested his head on his brother's shoulder- the two had become closer in the past months. In fact...what some would say is "too close".

"You okay, Al?" Ed asked warmly, placing his hand on his brother's thigh.

Al nodded. "Just a bit tired."

"Try and get some sleep. We have a long ride ahead of us and your body needs rest." Ed suggested.

That was all Alphonse needed to encourage him into a peaceful sleep.

He awoke some time later, with a crick in his neck and a fullness in his belly. He sat up slowly, rubbing his eyes. "E-ed?"

"Hey, you're awake." Edward looked up from the book he had been reading. "Did you sleep well?"

Al nodded, becoming more aware of the full feeling in his bladder. He had had his body back for several months now, and was still getting used to it's functions. "Is there a toilet on the train, brother?"

Ed shook his head, putting his book away. "No, do you need to go?"

Alphonse shifted in his seat uncomfortably and nodded. "How much farther?"

Ed looked at his brother with concern. "A while, Al." He leaned over and kissed his brother's temple before putting his arm around Alphonse.

Alphonse tried to distract himself by talking to Ed-about Winry and Granny mostly- who they were traveling to visit. His bladder was proving to be a very pressing issue, however. He began to squirm around like a child, and found himself asking Edward when they would be there again.

Edward looked at his brother with empathy. "We should have taken a train with a stopover." He said. "I'm sorry, Al, your body is still a bit weak, I know you're still getting used to it." he patted Al's thigh.

Al blushed. He didn't want to act like a child in front of Edward, even if he had a good excuse for doing so.

Edward could see that Al was feeling embarrassed. "Hey, it's okay, Al. It's not your fault. Just try to hold on, alright?"

Al nodded solemnly, still fidgeting badly.

Ed moved closer to Al, and kissed his cheek. "Here, maybe I can help you forget about it for a bit." He glanced around the car just to be positive that it was empty before bringing his lips to Al's, kissing him gently. He then pulled away to judge his brother's reaction before proceeding.

Al blushed, but nodded.

Ed brought his lips to Al's again, this time a bit harder. Al responded by kissing his brother back, moving his hand so it was on Ed's side.

Ed moved his hand up Al's thigh, until he reached Al's crotch. Slowly, he gave Al's member a small squeeze. "I'm going to get you hard, okay? That'll help you hold it." Ed whispered.

Al agreed, allowing Ed to begin kissing his neck. Ed then moved his hand up to Al's pants, which he unbuttoned. He slid his hand under Al's boxers, feeling Al's penis starting to get erect. He took the opportunity to wrap his hand around his brother, sucking on Al's neck.

"That feels nice, brother." Al whispered as a bit of liquid escaped from his member.

Ed used the pre cum as a lubricant and slid his hand up and down Al, slowly at first. As Al responded to his touch, he began moving his hand faster.

"Al," he said quietly, "I can't let you cum, or it will be impossible to hold your pee after, okay? I'm sorry, but if you want to hold it longer, I need to stop before you orgasm."

"You'll need to stop soon then," Al replied, his breath a bit caught.

"We'll finish up later, I promise." Ed waited until Al was seconds away from cumming before ceasing his touch.

Al writhed with want, biting his lip.

Ed, feeling a bit guilty, kissed Al on the lips again. "You should feel a lot better until your erection goes away." Ed told his brother.

Al blushed again, realizing what Ed had just done to him on a public train. "Thank you, brother."

He kept his pants unbuttoned for the time being. His bladder felt a bit better now, and the pee was no longer pressing up against his pee hole, begging to be released. "Really brother, how much longer? Do you think...You know, I'll be able to hold it?"

Ed sighed. "It'll be at least another hour and a half."

Al frowned, not liking Ed's response much.

A few minutes passed before Ed put his arm around his little brother. "If you don't make it, it's okay, Al." Ed told him.

Al nodded. His penis was beginning to go back to normal, but was still semi-erect. Al buttoned his pants again and used his hand to adjust himself through them.

Ed took out his book again and began reading. Al watched him for a while and then moved over toward the window to watch the landcape. His bladder was quickly beginning to bother him again, and he moved his hand down to his crotch.

Ed glanced away from his book every now and again to see how Al was doing. He seemed to be getting in a tight spot again.

A wave of pressure hit Alphonse, and he bent forward, holding his member.

Ed looked over at his brother, cringing as it looked like he was in pain.

Al sighed deeply, squeezing himself tightly. He squirmed in his seat before loosening his grip. When he saw Ed looking at him, he quickly looked away.

"It's okay, Al. Do what you have to do." he said, looking away to give his brother some privacy.

As another wave hit him, Alphonse grunted and moved his other hand down to his crotch as well. He didn't want to wet himself like a child, but he knew he couldn't hold his bladder until they arrived. "B-brother"

Ed put his book down and began rubbing Al's back with his palm.

"I'm not going to make it." Al whimpered.

"It's okay," Ed told him, "If...If you're going to have an accident-"

"Ed!" Al blushed.

"I know, I know-"

"Some leaked out, brother." Alphonse panicked.

Ed stood, trying to get Alphonse up as well. "Come on, just go in the corner of the train. At least then you won't have wet pants when we get off."

"I-I don't think I can stand." Alphonse said, leaking again as he tried. he gripped his member for all he was worth.

Ed knelt down and maneuvered his hands around Al's, unbuttoning his pants as he held his penis. "Let go, Al."

Al shook his head, a look of shock on his face.

Ed sat next to Al again. In a quick swoop, he pried his brother's hands away from his crotch. As quickly as the urine began gushing out of Al, Ed had his brother's member out of his pants. The damage to his pants was minimal.

Al was grateful for his brother, but removed his hand from his member as the puddle of pee forming on the floor grew. He sighed in relief as his bladder emptied. When he was finally finished, he buttoned his pants again and blushed at the puddle he had made.

"Feel better, Al?" Ed didn't mean it in a mocking way. He moved his brother over so that he was away from the puddle.

Al nodded. "Sorry, brother."

"Don't apologize, I told you, it's okay." Ed leaned in to Al, and lowered his voice to a whisper, "And tell you what. Tonight we can spend all night finishing what we started, okay?"

~To Be Continued?~

*002*2014-05-19 05:31

If I do find the time to continue it, I'll post it as a comment on this thread :D

Thank you so much for the feedback, also :D

*004*2014-05-19 23:34

Well thank you very much :3 I'll probably continue it sometime later in the week (my college semester just began and my job is killing me with hours):D

*005*2014-05-24 04:05

Later that night, Ed And Al were settled at the Rockbell's home, and headed to bed after having dinner with Pinako and Winry....

Al stirred in his sleep, whimpering slightly. This awakened Ed, who was lying next to him. "Hey, Al." He gently rolled over so he was facing his brother. He began rubbing Al's arm, gingerly waking him from his dream. "You okay?"

Al turned so he was face to face with his brother, and shook his head. His face crumpled a bit and he whimpered again. Ed pulled his brother close to him, wrapping his arms tightly around him. "It's okay, Al." He rubbed Al's back, trying to console him.

"I was back in the armor." l explained shakily. "And you didnt have your arm back, and Scar..." His voice trailed off.

Ed kissed Al's head lightly. "It was just a dream."

Al nodded, nuzzling against Ed. His brother had succeeded in calming him, but he didn't want to leave his arms just yet.

Ed was now fully awake and noticing two discomforts in his lower regions: the first was his morning wood, and the second was his full bladder. "Al," he whispered, trying to pull away, "give me second, I'll be right back."

Al gripped his brother's body tighter. "Don't leave, brother."

"Al, I've got a bit of an...issue down there, as I'm sure you can feel." He laughed a little. "And I really need to piss."

"Hold it." Al murmured, placing his hand on his brother's stomach and beginning to move it downward.

"Al, what are you doing?" Ed was comfortable with where Al's hand was heading, he just really needed to pee.

"Shh," Al whispered, leaning up to kiss Ed. "Let me help you hold it." He reached down and gave his brother a quick squeeze between the legs.

Ed grunted at Al's touch, arching his body towards him.

Al responded to Ed by moving his hand down Ed's pants, under the hem of his boxers. He began to move his hand up and down Ed's manhood. He brought his lips to Ed's again, kissing him feverently.

Ed moaned into Al's mouth, his erection growing under his brother's hand. When Al began moving his lips down Ed's neck, still stroking his cock, Ed gasped with pleasure. Al's lips moved further down, to his brother's chest, then to his stomach. "Mm, Al..."

Al moved Ed's boxer's down, exposing his brother's penis. He lightly kissed it before slowly moving his mouth over it.

When Al's lips touched his penis, Ed moaned Al's name again, trying to keep quiet as Winry was in the next room. Al continued to suck his brother off, and Ed gripped the sheets with his hands. "That feels...Really...Good...Al..."

Ed could feel an orgasm building quickly. Al pushed Ed's penis back further, deep throating him. "Mmm, Al." He gripped the bedsheets harder. "Al, I'm going to cum...If...You don't..." Ed didn't have time to finish his sentence. He began to orgasm, and in a swift motion, Al moved away and tried to aim his brother's liquid to one area. Ed's body swarmed with ecstasy and contracted. When he was finished, he settled down for a moment.

When Ed had caught his breath, he took Al by the waist and pulled his brother toward him. He kissed him passionately, moving his tongue into Al's mouth. He heard his brother moan. Ed smiled into the kiss, and moved his hand down to Al's pajama bottoms. He was hard.

"Lay down" He told his brother, breaking away from the kiss and slipping down Al's waistband.

Al did as he was told and laid back onto the pillows.

Ed returned the favor to Al, sucking his cock expertly. Al was sensitive to his touch and his body reacted by quivering slightly. Ed's lips formed around him, moving up and down his length, and Al bit his lip and gasped.

Ed was beginning to feel his bladder again, and moved his right hand from his brother's thigh down to his own penis, squeezing it desperately. Al's body was shaking slightly with pleasure, nearing an orgasm.

Ed continued to hold his bladder while sucking Al, relishing in his brother's pleasure. Al moaned, "Oh...Brother..." And arched his back a bit in reaction to his body's needs.

Knowing his brother was close, Ed kept going squeezing both Al's thigh and his own manhood as he felt the first spurt of liquid from Al. He moved himself, using the hand that was on Al's thigh to direct Al to again, minimize the mess.

Al gasped and writhed as he came, pleasure coursing through his body. "Ed..." he murmured.

Ed was still holding himself, but moved up to kiss Al's lips. "I really gotta pee, Al." he said.

"B-brother?"

"Hmm?" Ed replied, looking at his brother in the dim lighting.

Al blushed. "Would you, uh, hold it for me?"

Ed looked at his brother blankly. "You...Like it?"

Al turned redder. "I, uh..."

"S'okay, Al." He kissed his brother's cheek. "Tell you what...If you want me to, I'll hold it in as long as you say, alright?"

~To Be Continued, Again~

