Possible new story - The Ability - Page 2

Author: tutti.frutti

*030*2014-01-18 11:35

Hello, I'm sorry it took me so long. Thanks all of you for your great comments. I still have a lot to continue with in my mind, so if you would like this part, let me know and about your opinions about where to go next.

###

To be honest, it took me some time to become free of bad conscience. First time I knowingly made another person desperate I actually felt bad about it. You know, I made this girl feel really uncomfortable and visibly wet. It was during a class on the university and it was my first planned act of that sort. I really hated this girl, because she was that “I-am-better-than-everybody” type of an idiot. But I still felt bad afterwards.

A time has passed since then and I found out that I can cope with the “caused by me” accidents of others quite well. It was selfish, it was wrong and unfair. But the kick I was getting out of this was so strong that any measurable amount of “being good” telling me not to do that was no match to my pure, crystal clear lust.

And now here I am. I stand face to face with her, the beauty. I try to have a calm and cool look in my face, but I feel like I’m burning on the inside. She on the other hand looks totally miserable even on the outside.

I asked her what time it was a second before she tried to pull her pants down behind a container, her panties already wet. She is just looking at me, not even being able to answer my simple question. Her legs are shaking and she feels the pulsating pressure inside her body expanding. The despair and hopelessness are only inhabitants of her mind now. If you’ve ever wet yourself in public involuntarily, you know those feelings very well.

She tries to say something, but when she opens her mouth, nothing but short gasp comes out. We lose the eye contact and she tries to move away. One step forward, then one step left. She is so confused with the situation. And hot piss flows down her legs. It makes her capri pants partially see-through and sticky to her body.

She makes small slow steps away from me and leaves a wet trail behind her shoes. I feel like I am exploding with delight, arousal and excitement. I’m just watching this nature’s most beautiful scenery with absolute thrill in my body. She obviously cries, but we all know that tears will dry. And pants as well, eventually.

I don’t have any regrets about what I did. But I can feel something is different here. In an ordinary situation like this I would just take out my cell phone, take some photos and leave the “accident site” to enjoy myself in privacy. But here, I can’t leave. I have to watch her in person, not just later on pictures.

Before I can even realize it my body starts making steps in the same direction she leaves in her incredibly pissed pants. I catch up with her but she just goes on without even looking to my face.

“I’m really sorry about what happened to you,” I start talking to her. No response.

“Please, just stop. That can happen to anybody – I know what I’m talking about.” That made her stop.

“You can borrow my jacket, if you want and tie it around your waist,” I continued with the most sweet tone in my voice.

And then she turned to me and shouted sharply “Go away and leave me alone, moron.” And with those words she just darted off and disappeared behind a corner.

I stood there speechless. I had no idea why I’ve even approached her. I was still burning on the inside, but not with excitement or arousal anymore, but with anger. What the hell was that?

I was so angered. I thought to myself – “From now on, I won’t spare anyone.”

And I felt the strongest urge, to make someone totally wet and ashamed, in my life. Only question on my mind now was – where should I head to now? What do you think? And how much can I humiliate someone?

