An Unfortunate Accident

Author: Cupcakes85

*000*2013-11-09 14:06

Well, I did promise weird stories, didn't I? I suppose it's best to start with this one, as it's fairly short as far as my writing goes. Fair warning, this does not involve humans. They're robots. Yes, omo robots. That's my thing. If that's too weird for you, and I can totally understand why it would be, feel free to turn back now. These two are the main characters in a little fictional universe I created that has an incredibly complicated backstory which I'm sure you have no interest in, but just know that I've made it so that they have basic human needs, as they're built to be as humanoid as possible. And on of those needs is the need to use the bathroom, as you'll see. I'd also like to apologize of the guy in the story seems a bit off, being a girl makes writing from a guys perspective a matter of guesswork... not to mention my skills at writing in general are quite lacking, as you'll also see... And with that, on with the story!

Tide was only a few steps away from reaching the top of the steep staircase when she stopped dead in her tracks, forcing Skye to halt just behind her. Both confused and worried by the desperate femmes immobilization mere meters from the restroom, the mech reached out questioningly.

"Tide?"

The femme didn't move from her current position, trembling with her thighs squeezed together and her hands pressed against the metal front of her skirt. A loud keen of pain passed her lips, and she stooped down, sinking on the spot. Unsure of what to do and with his face uncomfortably close to the femmes behind, Skye tried to get her attention again.

"Ti-"

The full name didn't even have a chance to pass his lips when the femmes metal skirt retracted in a flash, sliding into a belt like sheath on her waist. The sight of her bared pelvic plating sent a shock through the mech. He'd always hoped to see the femme beneath her secondary covering, but this was hardly the time, place, or manner in which he'd expected to do so.

Before he'd even had a chance to recover from his initial surprise, he heard the familiar clicks of pelvic plating unhinging automatically, and he only had time to widen his optics when he realized what was about to happen. With a heavy clatter, the femmes silver covering fell between her legs, the end dangling off the step she was standing on. Pump pounding, the mech could just stare at her fully exposed femmehood and aft, so close he would only need to step forward, lean upward and they would be touching his face. His optics swept down her smooth, sculpted aft and locked on the delicate, virginal lips, completely untouched and glistening with lubricants from her struggle. The soft blue folds were swollen from the massive torrent that was waiting to spray from her valve, and he saw a few escaping beads intermingling with her other fluids.

So engrossed was the mech that he didn't notice her cry out in defeat as she squatted and bent her knees, forming a diamond between her legs as her body forced her to submit to the inevitable. He did, however, immediately see her lips part on their own accord, giving him a full view of her valve, port entrance, and pleasure bud. A single, yellow drop fell from the femme, coming to a rest on her metallic underwear below. Realization dawned on the mech, and his entire faceplate lit up. She, the femme of his dreams, was fulfilling his greatest and most secret fantasy; peeing in front of his very optics. Had he been thinking clearly, Skye would have jumped to her aide, perhaps carrying her the short distance to the restroom. But, as enraptured as he was, the mech couldn't bring himself to move, and he only watched his fantasies become reality.

A single squirt was all that got by at first, sailing down to join the drop and pool in the curve of her plating still resting between her feet. A thin, broken trickle followed, squeezing out between her lips to patter against the metal and run down the inside of her thighs in broken dribbles. Almost too quickly to see, the thin tinkling thickened and increased in pace, forcing her exhausted valve to open and let the waterfall escape. A loud hiss accompanied the torrent of pee, and was matched only by the pattering as the stream collided with the plating that her body had, ironically, thrown off to avoid getting it wet. The pee collected quickly beneath her, and the puddle soon overran the brim of the stair to flow down onto the next and so on, creating a waterfall that ran down the stairs and through the mechs legs.

An open window at the top of the stairs let in a ray of sunlight as the clouds conveniently parted outside, shining bright, midday light straight into the stream. Skye felt his jaw slack as the clear yellow fluid became sparkling gold in the sunlight, illuminating every precious drop that was squirting from the femme. He could now see the rivulets that had broken away from the main stream flowing down the femmes legs, hot and steaming from being pent up as they raced down to the floor. Their crisscrossing trails made the femmes silver thighs glisten, and the mech could feel the warmth radiating from them as the urine continued to flow. Creators, he just wanted to reach out and feel it, if only for a moment. But what little common sense he still possessed kept him back, and he remained a spectator.

The femme, however, was not enjoying herself as such. With a thousand yard stare, she could only stand immobile as she continued to relieve herself against her will. Clenching and unclenching her fists, she tried to comprehend her situation. Hot pee continued to flow from her hole and run down her legs, making thinking quite difficult in the haze of relief. She was peeing herself, and not only that, but her boyfriends unfortunate face was only inches from the spectacle. Creators, she could only imagine his look of horror, or worse, disgust, as she she continued to pee on his staircase.

But, despite all of that, she suddenly became aware of how little shame or embarrassment she felt in spite of her initial horror. Instead, at that moment, with her burden flooding out of her in a warming rush, she could feel only ecstasy. The hot urine cascading down her legs and squirting to the floor brought relief that she'd never known, sending waves of tingling, near orgasmic pleasure throughout her body. In the deep recesses of her mind, she'd always had a fascination with these kinds of things, and to have it happen in reality felt wonderfully forbidden.

In an instant, the stream slowed as her body stopped pushing on its own and just let the pee flow, even though she was far from done. Biting her lip, the femme looked down her stomach at the now sluggish stream, watching as it arced lazily to the floor and spattered upon contact. Feeling a rush of bravery in her haze of ecstasy, she threw caution to the wind, spreading her legs and lifting her aft into the air. Biting her lip, she closed her optics, took a breath, and pushed. Immediately, the stream tinkling from her valve thickened into a spray, sending droplets flying as it split into multiple, thinner rivulets. The femme moaned shakily as her own pee flowed down her legs, quivering as she looked down to see the powerful jet gushing from between her thighs. A few squirts slipped back between the cheeks of her aft, delighting her with tickling warmth and making her shudder as it dripped off of her behind to trickle down the back of her thighs.

Shaking once he saw that Tide was enjoying herself as well, Skye could only fight the urge to begin pleasuring himself on the spot, and instead just continued to watch. Another moan slipped out of her as she pushed again, thighs trembling as the massive torrent surged out of her tiny valve and teased her pleasure node. Feeling her bladder tank hit fifty percent capacity, she let out a sigh, hugging herself in her haze of delight.

Watching the show with wide optics, the mech closed them for a moment to focus only on the symphony of delightful sounds that went along with it. The hissing, trickling, dripping, squirting, pattering, gasping and moaning alone were enough to make him very aware of a growing rush beneath his own plating, and he opened his optics to watch once more. For the first time, the stream began to fluctuate, losing its wild spray and thinning into a single arc that pattered against her drenched plating on the floor. Looking back to her femme parts, Skye couldn't help but admire her lips once more, and how they appeared even more appealing while squirting out a stream.

Now panting from her efforts, Tide squeezed down on her near empty tank, feeling true relief and clarity settling in as she finished her accident after nearly two minutes of peeing. A sense of weariness filled her, making the previous sensations of pleasure and ecstasy fade enough for her to become aware of notably less positive emotions growing within her. As the urine flow slowed to an almost delicate tinkle and finally into fluctuated squirts, a deep sense of shame, disgust, and horror filled her. She was naked from her waist down, her boyfriend was right behind her, she was moments from a perfectly usable bathroom, and she was peeing herself.

And, worst of all, she had liked it.

Humiliation like nothing she'd ever known surged through her, making hot tears drip down her cheeks just as the last few drops of pee fell from her valve. Like a little podling, she'd had an accident, and was now dripping in her own puddle. The once warm pee coating her from the waist down lost its heat in the open air, and literally acted as a chilling reminder to what she'd just done. A choking sob came up from her throat as the full implications settled in. Skye probably hated her now, and most certainly would never want to talk to her again. Cold air over her port reminded her of how exposed she was, and how her position had given the mech a full view of her now former privates.

She started crying in full as she lowered her skirt to cover her shame, and the noise was enough to wake Skye from his daze. Snapping up, the mech realized with horror how mortified the timid femme must have been, and he immediately went to her side. Looking to her tear stained face, he was immediately filled with regret and shame. Fragging idiot, all you had to do was carry her! But no, you just sat back and got a good peek, how noble of you...

"I-I'm sor-ry. I d-didn't mean to..." Tide sobbed, squeezing her optics shut and not daring to look at him. "I just c-couldn't hold it anym-more. I'm s-so sorry..."

"Hey, hey it's okay..." he soothed, putting his hands on her shoulders to steady her. "It's alright. Almost veryone has an accident at some point... It's nothing to be ashamed of..." The tiny femme didn't seem to draw any comfort from the words, so he decided to start making amends for his lack of action.

"Come on babe, let's get you cleaned off..."

There is more after this, but as it's unfinished and fairly... intimate, I wasn't sure if I could post it or if anyone would even be interested. If you are, message me and I'll send you the rest when it's done. Again, I'd like to apologize if this is awful, I'm not exactly a very talented writer. ^^;

*002*2013-11-11 00:49

Thanks Anubis! The first comment always make me feel a lot better, and I'm glad you enjoyed it. It's always good to hear that people like my very odd stories, as I tend to get rather self conscious. I may post more of these is people like them, and I'd love to hear some requests for future situations for me to write. ^^

