Hallopeen

Author: LifeIsStrange

*000*2020-11-25 18:44

This is the first omo fic I ever wrote(aside from that one chapter I added to another story on here) and I know it's way past Halloween but I just couldn't resist, hope you all like it!

This fic was inspired by one Desperate Jill wrote years ago: https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/20913.html

Amy was very excited to take her two 12-year old daughters Nelly and Kelly trick-or-treating this year, as it would be the last time she could do this with them since next year the girls were entering junior high and both of them had made it clear that they would be too old to go trick-or-treating after that, once the girls went into junior high Amy knew from then on they'd be wearing sexy costumes and going to Halloween parties. She was really going to miss this tradition and was determined to make this the best Halloween night ever for the girls, they were going to hit every house in their neighborhood(unlike most years where they usually just did their block and the next) for candy.

The three of them were all dressed as superheroines, with Nelly and Kelly dressed as Supergirl and Power Girl respectively, they both looked good in their red and white skirts(though Amy insisted on the two of them wearing gym shorts underneath them so their underwear wouldn't be exposed in case it got windy) and Amy rounded out the look with her Wonder Woman costume, with her getting pregnant at 16 she was younger then most mothers and she was determined to let people know it, she looked damn good in ther blue shorts with stars on them and her red vest with breastplate that nicely showed off her 34-C breasts. Nelly and Kelly were a bit embarassed by their mom always feeling the need to show off her body, but they knew it made her happy so they went along with it.

It was a gorgeous fall night with a nice breeze and the trio were having a great time trick-or-treating, so far they'd gotten candy from almost every house and their plastic pumpkins were 3/4 quarters full of delicious treats. The few houses they didn't get candy from made up for it by offering them something to drink, with Nelly and Kelly drinking large cups of soda and Amy large cups of Apple Cider. As the night wore on however the three of them soon began to feel pressure in their bladders, they hadn't used the bathroom since lunchtime and it was beginning to get to them. However none of the three wanted to pack it in and go home yet since this was their last time trick-or-treating and they still had yet to hit the sub-divisions with the McMansions that had the best candy, so they decided to press and if worst came to worst ask to use someone's bathroom.

So onward they went to the suburbs with the fancy houses, with Nelly and Kelly occasionally using their free hands to reach underneath their skirts to clutch their crotches through their hot-pink nylon shorts and Amy walking with her thighs pressed together. It started out manageable enough but when they were about halfway through the final sub-division it was starting to get bad, so the three of them decided to start asking people if they could use their bathrooms, unfortunately they learned the hard way that this particular neighborhood did not like letting strangers into their homes, giving out candy was one thing, but letting people use their toilets was quite another. One by one each house said no until they were finished with the whole sub-division and their pumpkins were full as were their bladders.

They started weighing their options, none of them wanting to wet themselves tonight, Amy then remembered that her old friend Cathy was having a Halloween party which wasn't too far over. So the three of them waddled over to her house as quickly as they could, their bladders sloshing with pee the whole way there, finally they made it, with Amy getting a jump-scare as she rang the doorbell and letting out a few squirts of pee into her boyshorts. Cathy showed up at the door dressed up as Huntress and looking fine.

"So you decided to come to my party after eh"? Cathy said bemusedly, "actually the girls and I really need to use your restroom" Amy said blushing, causing Cathy to give a dissapointed look in response, "but I guess after we can stay a little while after" Amy said in response to the look, causing Cathy to suddenly beem up. "Sure no problem at all!" Cathy said brightly, "there's one bathroom upstairs and one downstairs" she said helpfully. Nelly and Kelly immediately set their pumpkins full of candy down on the living room table and marched through throngs of people in all kinds of costumes in search of the bathrooms, unfortunately both found there were lines for the bathrooms, with Nelly taking the one on the ground floor and Kelly trying the one upstairs.

Amy meanwhile wasn't sure she could possibly wait in line, as she'd had more to drink then her daughters with a large water bottle after her afternoon jog, a big thermos of coffee in the morning and a large tall glass of ice tea for lunch combined with all the drinks she had while trick or treating. So she decided to go down to the basement, hoping there was some dark corner she could pee in unnoticed, she didn't find one but she did notice a load of laundry ready to get washed, Cathy's exercise clothes were in the basket with a pair of black cycling shorts on top. Amy noticed the clothes all appeared to be wet, curious she inspected them and was blown away when the distinct scent of urine wafted from the clothes, she couldn't believe it, Cathy had full-on peed in her clothes, she'd heard rumors about Cathy being into weird fetishes but she'd always dismissed it as gossip, but here was the evidence starring her right in the face.

Amy snapped out of her daze as she was hit with another painful urge and realized if she didn't go know she'd soak her shorts, so she quickly got into position over the laundry basket, yanked down her shorts and panties and pissed a glorious release all over Cathy's shorts, she'd never gone this much in her life and it felt sooooo good to let it all out, she was so lost in her own relief that she didn't hear the basement door open and Cathy come down behind her. "hmmm enjoying ourselves are we?" Cathy said jokingly which she nearly made Amy fall over in shock, Amy stammered trying to form complete sentences not knowing how to explain herself, her pee still going all the while. "relax" Cathy said heartily, "it's OK, so you found out my little secret, I like peeing myself for fun, it's a great way to unwind when you're stuck at home doing housework". Amy finally finished peeing and pulled up her shorts and panties and said shakingly "uh thanks".

"Anytime!" Cathy said shiningly, "feels pretty good to piss a big release dosen't it?" she asked curiously, Amy turned at least 100 different shades of red and before she could say anything Cathy had reached into her shorts and was stroking her clit, Amy tried to speak but Cathy used her other hand to cover her lips and said sexily "shhhh just let it happen", soon Amy had an explosive orgasm that almost knocked her off her feet and Cathy pulled her in for a deep kiss. Amy had always secretly crushed on women as well, with her sniffing other girls gym shorts after P.E. in high school and masturbating in the showers, but had never actually acted on them with another female until now.

As if possessed, Amy slid her own hand down Cathy's tight leather purple shorts and her silk boxers, quickly finding her clit and rubbing it, soon Cathy was the one moaning in pleasure and orgasming, with cum and pee shooting out of her. "Well that was fun, but I really should get back to the party" Cathy said with a sexy grin, before she left the basement she turned and whispered in Amy's ear in the hottest voice ever "come over tomorrow night". Amy quickly agreed and tried to gather her thoughts, she couldn't believe what had just happened but she had loved every minute, one thing was for sure, she was looking forward to exploring her new fetish with an old friend.

Meanwhile Nelly and Kelly were struggling not to totally flood themselves as the lines moved forward, finally it was their turn only for both of them to be hit with problems. Nelly's bathroom had no toilet paper and she hated sitting down on bare seats in bathrooms other then her own, so she hurriedly looked through the clothes hamper and grabbed a towel, putting it down over the toilet seat and then hurriedly yanking her shorts and panties down and lifting up her skirt to unleash her golden shower, it went on for well over a minute, her longest yet. She found a box of Kleenex and had to use that to wipe up.

She then went to put the towel back in the hamper, relieved to have put that whole ordeal behind her. Kelly's bathroom on the other hand was clogged, some joker had tried to flush sugar-free candy down and it had gotten blocked up, but that hadn't stopped others from still pissing in it, it was smelling quite bad by now, Kelly was not going to pee in there no way no how, so with little choice she wandered over to the shower and yanked down her shorts and boxers and let her glorious river flow, which went on for at least a minute or more, relieved she put her clothes back on and turned on the shower to wash the pee down the pain, hoping nobody would know what she did.

Eventually the three made it home after sampling some candy and treats at Cathy's party, with none of them talking about how they relieved themselves, wanting to keep that secret to themselves. Though all three had to admit that holding their pee had been kind of fun and they were looking forward to doing it again. Amy had drank quite a bit of liquor at Cathy's party and was feeling that familiar urge again by the time she'd gotten ready for bed in her silk pajama shorts, but she didn't feel like getting up to go, so she relaxed and slid her hands down her shorts, slowly striking her clit and fucking her pussy and ass with her index fingers before she had the most explosive orgasm of her life with her bladding unleashing a torrent of piss and soaking her shorts and sheets, she then slowly drifted off to sleep, exhausted and happy and looking forward to many more experiences like this in the future.

