Lucys Capture (WS fiction)

Author: goldenargo85

*000*2013-07-11 04:26

For my first posts I'm going to post some of my stories that contain WS :) The "other thing" has been editied out

Authors Note: This story is set around Fairy Tail Episode #22 with only a few minor story changes.

Lucy had not been with Fairy Tail long when her father, from whom she had run away from to be a mage, found her. The evil guild phantom lord was sent to capture her and bring her home. Lucy fought to try to escape from them but was no match for Juvia and lost her spirits keys. Powerless, Lucy was taken to phantom lord’s hideout and locked away in a tower to await her father and the prearranged marriage he had set for her. Lucy had not given herself to anybody and she certainly would not submit to some rich boy whose parents had her father seeing dollar signs and not love for his daughter.

Lucy’s cell as entirely made of stone with no comforts. A window to high to escape from was her only view of the outside world. Twice a day a meal was slipped through the door. The meal was quiet good as they wanted Lucy to eat and not look miss treated when her father paid for her return. However, her captors did try to humiliate her whenever possible. Lucy had been cursed with a small bladder ever since she was little and could vividly remember how humiliating it was when her parents had to stop the carriage so she could pee on the roadside. Although Lucy was a tomboy she did like to have a little dignity.

So when Lucy discovered that her toilet was nowhere to be found she was mortified. For the next few hours Lucy tried to suppress her urge to pee as she eyeballed the small rusty metal bucket that master Jose had left her when she pleaded with him to let her go to the toilet. I wish I were a boy then I could pee out the window on my captors Lucy thought about her pee soaking her captors, maybe even that water woman Juvia, and giggled. But alas this was not to be and she was fairly certain there was some sort of surveillance Lacrima in the room anyhow.

As the hours passed on Lucy became more and more desperate. Eventually, she came to the conclusion that they were not going to let her use a proper toilet and that she had to fend for herself. Lucy did not want to give her captors and there surveillance Lacrima the pleasure of watching her wet herself in humiliation, so she clenched her bladder muscles tight picked up the pail and head for a corner. Placing the bucket down Lucy hiked up her skirt and pulled her blue bikini cut panties with a heart design similar to the one on her shirt, down to her ankles.

Hovering ever so slightly so she wouldn’t actually touch the bucket Lucy made sure that the Lacrima got a good view of her perfectly round pale ass and nothing more. Once she was satisfied with her position Lucy relaxed and began to pee. Urine immediately shot out of Lucy splitting into a few streams as it hissed past her smooth vaginal lips and spattered into the bucket. The loud hissing noise that her release made was followed quickly by a metallic pining sound as her urine streams splashed the walls and bottom of the bucket. Lucy’s face was of pure ecstasy and relief as she thought of all the hours she was holding it in.

After a few seconds her streams converged together to produce an amber downpour with a slightly fan shape to it. Lucy blushed a bit as she heard the sound of her spray hitting the metal bucket and pool of urine at the bottom. After about thirty more seconds Lucy’s stream tapered off to a few drips and she shook her butt up and down to get the drops off of her vagina. Pulling up her panties in one swift motion Lucy adjusted her miniskirt and belt. Taking the pail full of urine and tossed it out the window hoping to hit a guard. Little did Lucy know that what she had done would lead to both her rescue and humiliation…

