Daniel and Amy - Page 39

Author: Barry

*954*2018-01-27 03:03

Thanks guys and girls! I’m still alive and doing much better.

Time is my mortal enemy at the moment, as is motivation, but I certainly do intend to continue.

I been spending rather a lot of time talking to a very special online friend, and that seems to be taking up a huge portion of my spare time these days, but I wouldn’t swap that for anything, as she is a very, very special lady in my life. I seem to have swapped what was previously my writing time, for a more personal sort of communication.

But, rest assured that I am going well, just a bit more involved with other activities at the moment.

For those that have contacted me privately, thank you, your concern means a lot to me.

*960*2019-06-02 01:16

{{On 5/29/2019 at 11:45 AM, EmmieChu said:

I just found this and oh my goodness is it amazing. The depth you put into your characters is fantastic and your writing is phenomenal. I know this is probably dead, but if you're ever up for continuing it, I'd love to read it!

Keep up the fantastic work!

}}

{{On 5/30/2019 at 3:29 AM, Piddly said:

@EmmieChu

Thank you so much for bumping this again.

I tried to do so myself a while ago, but my post was never approved - guessing because it's a new account and the first post was to bump an old and seemingly dead thread (I'm not actually new, but lost access to my old account due to a forgotten password and defunct email address).

@Barry

I saw your comment on your new story, and completely understand your concerns about where this one was heading, but please, please, please consider continuing it. I've been checking in daily since your last update, just in case. Call me addicted, haha, but I followed this story religiously and have always hoped that one day Danny and Amy would make a return. Please don't let it die, you're onto an absolute winner with this! And thank you for all of the pleasure it has given me so far

}}

Thanks very much guys. I love getting feedback, especially positive!

Dan and Amy aren’t dead yet. I promise. I’m re-reading it atm, with plans on continuing it. This is a story that I can’t seem to let go. I’ve invested a lot into these characters, and want to continue it. Part of the reason I hadn’t, was because I thought the story might’ve died from a readers interest point of view, but your comments show it hasn’t. So I’ll definitely continue at some point.

First though, I have two other ideas that are crawling around in my head, begging to be written.

At the risk of sounding egotistical, motivation can be a bit hard due to the lack of responses I get sometimes. Since I returned from my hiatus, I’ve published two stories on here, and both only received a lukewarm response. The stories disappear so quickly, it sometimes seems like they’re gone before any regular readers get to see them!

*962*2019-06-11 03:04

{{On 6/3/2019 at 8:41 AM, anon0987 said:

Lurker here, I've probably read through this all the way like 4-5 times by now, its so good!

Anyway seeing your potential interest in continuing, I literally just made this account for the sole purpose of telling you how much I enjoy this story; its by far my favorite on the entire site. I hope you choose to continue soon, and I'm sure I speak for many lurkers like me who may not have accounts but love your work and this story in particular. All the best, and I look forward to the rest of it

}}

Thank you! It’s definitely going to be continued, maybe after I finish my current story.

*963*2019-08-01 09:46

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!

DANIEL AND AMY ARE COMING BACK!

That is, if anyone wants them too, lol.

Ive got one chapter done, with the next few already worked out.

I kinda hit the wall where it ended. All I could see, was continuing on from the next morning, (which obviously has to happen I guess, lol) but it was kind of directionless after that.

As I’ve said before, while I don’t mind rehashing certain scenes, it needed some new experiences as well as some new adventures. From the start, I had an idea about school, the beach, Adventure World, camp, and stuff in general, but after that, I didn’t have anything really firm in mind.

I have now!

Also, I need to offer apologies. I’ve re-read the entire thing a couple of times, and I can see why the word count is so high.

Ive repeated so much stuff so many times! I cringe when I read how many times I’ve explained Amy’s pre emptive strikes, or Nikki’s little quirks, or tried to explain/justify Dans thoughts and behaviour. The same with Scott and the guys. I must’ve explained in detail a hundred times about his night problems.

For that, I’m sorry.

This was the very first story I wrote, and while I’m happy with it as a story, I’ve repeated so many explanations about why or how stuff happens.....

I guess that when you write and “publish” so many chapters individually, instead of as a complete story, some repetition will occur, but when you read it as a whole, it becomes glaringly obvious.

So, stay tuned. I’d like another chapter or two in the bank before I “publish,” but by now, nobody might be interested anymore anyway!

(Yes. That is a BIG hint to tell me that you still want to read it!)

One thing I regret, is starting the story in Autumn. Summer is much more conducive towards naughty wetting with your girlfriend! Outside, beach, pool, theme park, etc. Once those scenarios have been explained, it comes back to naughty inside play, which is nice, but harder to get away with. So I’ve come up with a solution.

I think everyone deserves a holiday to a warmer climate.....

First, I need to get Danny home, and finally reunited with his girlfriend! Then, school holidays are coming up.....

BTW, I’ve discovered at least three major f-ups with the plot. I’m glad you guys didn’t!

So, To Be Continued? Or let it go?

*965*2019-08-01 10:58

{{23 minutes ago, Piddly said:

Oh Barry, you just made me nearly wet my pants with excitement!!

Please, please do continue this wonderful masterpiece.

Just one thing though... This is your First story?!?! How? I thought you'd been writing fiction for years, you're so incredibly talented

}}

Thanks mate. I’m enjoying your Homework story just as much!

*971*2019-08-01 23:53

{{6 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Have you ever thought of trying to write a new series in the same universe featuring a new cast?

}}

Yeah, I have. But a part of me thought that I would struggle to make another similar story believable. I’ve invested a lot of time trying to “justify” how and why so many teenagers could have believable wetting issues, from incontinence, to bed wetting, to just enjoying it for fun, and I think it works.

One of my dislikes about a lot of omo stories, is how suddenly a character might start wetting their pants, particularly regularly. Anyone can have an accident, but in reality, it just doesn’t keep recurring without a valid explanation.

This is one reason I’m such a big fan of @Piddly story, The Forgotten Homework.

Its not overly drenched (pun fully intended!) in wetting, and the characters are so real, with the situations totally believable.

If anyone hasn’t read it, do yourself a favour! It’s as good as any other story on here.

So I’ve spent a lot of time. (A LOT!) trying to do the same sort of thing. Loveable characters, believable wetting, realistic scenarios. I’m so in love with the characters, I couldn’t imagine replacing them and trying to do the same again from the start.

@Night Rain

Out of all the comments I’ve received on here, one of yours from ages ago resonates with me the most. You once said it was probably time to let it go. Not your exact words, but something along those lines.

I really appreciated that. It was from that point onwards, I started to see how things could get boring and repetitive (like my continued repetition of stuff, lol) and from then on, I was determined to try and keep it fresh and entertaining. So thanks for that. This is why feedback is so important to an “author,” as they don’t always see things with a critical eye.

So not wanting to start again, and after a lot of thought, I decided the best thing to do was to introduce some new characters, and some different environments. I just hope it works.

I’ll have the next chapter up by the end of the day.

*974*2019-08-02 01:53

Chapter 47

The lights switched on, blazingly bright it seemed, and four tired boys groaned almost in unison. Three of them immediately reached under their sleeping bags, and scratched lazily at their crotches, and although all three of them found diapers there, one of them uttered a confused “Wha’ da fuck?”

Scotty laughed softly. “Hey! Ali! You’re still alive! We were worried ‘bout you bro!”

“Worried?” Ali said in a concerned voice. “Why? And whadda fuck am I wearing?”

“You gotta pull up on mate,” Matt informed him. “Dontcha remember?”

Slowly, it came back to him. Well, most of it. He remembered the game of Truth or Dare, and Dans brave mission to dispose of the bottle, but not much else after that, although he had a vague memory of vomiting violently in the toilet at some stage. But why did he still have it on?

“Cause you kinda pissed yourself mate, a coupla times,” Dan told him with a grin.

“Whaaaaaat? No way!” The young Indian boy sounded shocked.

“Yes way,” Scotty informed him. “We thought you was gonna die.”

He chuckled, and Matt slipped Dan a cheeky wink from one top bunk to the other.

Suddenly, they were awake, and Ali’s three mates wasted no time in filling him in on all the gory details, leaving him feeling an abject mortification that he’d rarely felt before. If his friends hadn’t been teasing him good naturedly, he probably would’ve crawled back under the covers and stayed there.

“Urgh. Thanks guys. I mean it. Sorry you hadda deal with that.”

“Nothing me and Danny boy don’t deal with all the time,” Scott assured him. “But fuck, don’t do it again!”

“How are you this morning?” Danny asked. “Did you wet in your sleep? Ya feel sick or anything?”

Ali reached gingerly under his sleeping bag again, this time knowing what to expect. He winced as his hand slipped inside his little nappy, and breathed a sigh of relief when he found it to be dry.

“I’m dry boys, and I think I feel ok. Musta been because I threw up so much. Blegh! But I’ve gotta awful taste in my mouth.”

A pair of brown feet with white soles appeared from the top bunk above Dan, as he sat up straight. “Don’t think I’ve gotta headache either, but my guts feel a bit squirmy. How did you guys go? Anyone pee in their sleep?”

A few weeks ago, this question would never have been asked out loud, because of the shocked silence that would’ve followed, but it seemed that lately, it was somehow more acceptable to talk about it. That was proven when Scott answered first, without any qualms.

“Nope! I can’t believe it, but I’m dry. Guess because we peed only like four hours ago? What about you Danny?”

“Nope. I’m good,” came the reply, and Matt hastened to agree as well.

Although he was dry, Dan needed to pee, so he pushed past Ali’s dangling legs, and got up.

“Ugh. I feel a bit crook as well,” he said.

“Headache?” Scott enquired.

“Nah, just bloated. Ooof. I gotta pee.” He stumbled into the bathroom.

By the time everyone had used the toilet, and brushed their teeth, it was determined that although nobody had a bad headache, they had all definitely felt better before. Because Scott and Dan woke up dry, and didn’t feel the best, they decided to skip the shower and just head to breakfast. Ali knew he probably should shower after last night, but settled on using his deodorant instead. After all, they would be home later that day, and would probably have a bath or shower before bed tonight.

Inside the Grand Hall, they lined up for breakfast. Matt loaded his plate with bacon and eggs, but his three companions went easier, just having toast and juice. Dan didn’t even finish his juice. It wasn’t going down all that easily, and besides, there was a long bus ride home still to come.

The boys were just finishing their breakfast, with Matt still wolfing down his big plate, when Aiden sidled up to the table.

“Hi guys, what’s up?” He enquired jovially.

Pleasantries were exchanged, then Ali and Scott took their trays back, leaving Dan at one end of the table talking to little Aiden, while Matt concentrated on finishing his meal.

“How did you go last night?” Dan whispered to the boy.

Aiden beamed, showing off his bottom row of baby teeth. “Really good Dan! I didn’t have no accident at all! But it felt good having that “thing” on, you know, just in case.”

“Anyone catch you wearing it?” Dan asked.

“Nah. I put it on after I got in my sleeping bag, just like you told me too. No one saw it.”

“What about this morning? Like when you showered?”

“I didn’t,” he said. “Like I told ya yesterday, I don’t like getting undressed around the other boys if I can help it. I’m, you know, just too little at the moment. ‘Sides, I’ll prolly have a bath tonight I reckon.”

“Same here mate,” Dan replied. “I couldn’t be bothered either. But you got rid of it ok? No one saw it in the bin or nothing?”

Aiden lowered his voice even more, leaning in closer to his friend. “I’m still wearing it Dan. I thought it was prolly easier to leave it on, ‘stead of like trying to hide it or anything. Besides, nobody’s gunna see it.”

The words were no sooner out of his mouth, when Robbie, who had just returned his own tray, walked past Aiden’s back as he talked. Suddenly, without warning, he grabbed the smaller boys pants, and sharply pulled them down to his ankles, boxers and all, leaving Aiden standing there, with his little camouflage nappy on full display.

Robbie screamed with mirth.

“HEY GUYS! CHECK IT OUT! AIDS IS WEARING A DIAPER!”

100 pairs of eyes all turned to look, as poor little Aiden squealed, and tried to pull his pants up, as the laughter started.

Dan would swear later that he didn’t even see Matt move, but the bigger boy lunged to his feet, grabbing Robbie by the front of his shirt, and slamming him forcefully into the wall with all his strength.

Robbies head literally bounced off the wall with a resounding crack, and tears automatically sprung to the eyes of the biggest kid in the room. Matt pulled his fist back, aiming right at the bigger boys nose, and Robbie whimpered, ducking his head.

“JACKSON! ENOUGH! LET HIM GO!”

The grownup voice bellowed from across the room, at the same time Scott and Ali arrived to grab Matt’s arms, dragging him backwards, while a whimpering Robbie collapsed to his knees.

Matt shrugged the other boys off, and looked over the pathetic site of the bigger kid hunkered down on the floor. The fact that when he spoke, and his voice was calm, quiet, and measured, made his statement even more chilling than if he had of yelled.

“If you ever, EVER, fuck around with my friends again Williams, I will fucking kill you, gottit?”

The owner of the grownup voice, Mr Davies, arrived a second later, spinning Matt around, and pushing him towards the door.

“Jackson. Cabin. NOW!” Matt kept his head high, and walked from the Grand Hall without saying a word.

“Mr Gibbs,” Mr Davies said breathlessly, talking to another teacher, I’ll deal with Jackson, if you could deal with Williams please,” as he headed out the door behind Matthew.

Meanwhile, a sobbing Aiden had pulled his pants up, and run out during the commotion, leaving a visibly upset Father Ryan to chase after him.

Silence reigned supreme for about thirty seconds, then 87 boys all started chattering away to each other in excited whispers.

Upon entering Matt’s cabin, he found the boy sitting sideways on Scott’s bed, head bowed, arms resting casually on his knees.

“Want to tell me what that was all about mate?”

Matt shrugged. “You saw it,” he dolefully replied. “Robbie was being a prick. He upset little Aiden. Someone hadda do something.” At that, he raised his eyes in a challenging glare.

The teacher sighed, and sat down beside the boy. “Matt, that’s what the teachers are for. You can’t just go off half cocked like that! You’ve already had one suspension this year for fighting, haven’t you?”

Matt shrugged. “Yes sir. The bigger kids were picking on Ali. Calling him the N word and stuff. You’re not s’posed to use that in school.”

“Tell me Matthew, how do you think your folks will react if you get suspended again?”

“Mum’ll be mad,” the boy said sullenly, but daddy, *cough dad, always tells me to stick up for my friends, or people being bullied.”

He drew in a watery sounding breath, wiped his nose on his sleeve, and fell silent.

“But why did you react like that?”

Matthew sighed deeply. “Mr Davies, Sir, two of my bestest mates like haveta wear diapers, one of them even during the day. They’re good blokes. It’s not fair! They can’t help it. Poor Aids pissed the bed the other night. It’s not his fault. Robbie had no right to like ‘barrass him like that. Aids is just a little kid Sir. Not fair.”

Mr Davies sighed, but smiled, and patted the boy gently on the knee. He knew he shouldn’t, in fact he was probably putting himself at risk by being alone with a student, the way the world works these days, but something had to be done.

“Tell you what, Matthew. I think back at school, two lunchtime detentions will do you, no report, no suspension, no note home.”

Matthew sat up straight, hardly able to believe what he was hearing!

“But,” the teacher continued, “This is your last warning. One more outburst like that, you’ll get a week, got it?”

Matt nodded, not trusting himself to speak. He never, EVER, cried, but he felt damn close to it now.

Mr Davies stood up. “I’ll go finish my breakfast now Mr Jackson. Why don’t you tidy up in here for awhile? Busses leave at 11.30.”

Matt offered a watery smile. “Yes sir, I will.”

The teacher got to the door, when Matt stopped him. “Sir?” He turned around. “Thank you.”

Mr Davies smiled, but as he left, Matt stopped him again. “Sir? What’s gonna happen to Robbie?”

The teacher grinned. “Not my problem Mr Jackson. That’s why I chose you to deal with!” Then he left.

Minutes later, the cabin door burst open, as the other occupants barged in, Scott in the lead, and the other boys right behind. There was Matt, stoic as ever, looking apparently unfazed by the whole thing, as he calmly folded his dirty clothes into his backpack. Of course, they were full of questions, and he had to fill them in on his conversation with the teacher.

Scott clapped him on the back. “Wow mate! I think you got off lucky. Can’t believe you just went at him like that in front of everybody! I thought you’d be in deep shit for sure!”

Ali agreed. “You better watch out for Robbie I reckon. He won’t be happy ‘bout this.”

Matt only sneered. “What’s he gonna do about it? He knows I can take him. He’s a bully. Only tough with the little kids. He doesn’t scare me.”

The other kids knew this wasn’t false bravado either. Matt wasn’t scared of anyone.

“What happened to Aids?”

“Dunno,” Dan told him. “He ran out crying. Haven’t seen him since.”

Matt only nodded, looking thoughtful.

“Man. I gotta take a crap,” Ali politely informed them, and disappeared into the bathroom. Dan realised that he needed to as well. He definitely wasn’t feeling the best after their late night! But he waited for Ali to return before he went.

“Matty,” Scott ventured, “Do ya think Robbie will tell on you, ya know, about the bourbon? Get revenge?”

Matt shook his head. “Nah. Robbie might be a bit of a dickhead, but, he’s not a narc. ‘Sides, he’s the one who sold it to me, remember?”

Scott had to agree that his mates logic was sound, so he dropped the subject, and started packing up his own stuff.

A lot of the kids were now playing outside, but our intrepid foursome weren’t up to it, Dan and Ali in particular. It seemed like they felt the worst of them all, so they all got packed, and just lounged around on their bare bunks until it became time to leave.

Dan made sure to go to the toilet twice more before he left, including moving his bowels again, which seemed a touch watery. Ali was the same, and they agreed that the alcohol really didn’t agree with their stomachs at all.

At 11.00, they lined up for their final roll call, and were ready to board twenty minutes later. Before the boys boarded the bus, Scott suddenly nudged Matt, and pointed across the quadrangle, where a very disconsolate looking little boy was approaching with his head bowed low, but not low enough to hide his red eyes and cheeks, as he trudged along beside Father Ryan, refusing to make eye contact with anybody.

Suddenly, the whispering and giggling started like a wave, as boy after boy nudged his friends, pointing out the sorrowful sight. Nobody actually addressed Aiden personally, but words like “baby,” and “nerd,” could easily be heard, and they were the nicest words.

Scott, Dan, and Ali, all jumped, when Matt yelled out loudly, “AIDEN! AIDS! Come here buddy, you come sit with us,” before he looked around, making eye contact with every kid who looked at him, and one by one, they all averted their eyes, and the giggling chatter quickly stopped.

Mr Davies smiled at Father Ryan, and the priest returned it.

&&

