Short Botan Story

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2011-12-16 20:42

Human bodies were inconvenient. They were heavy, weak, and sapped away a good portion of her spirit energy anytime Botan tried to do something more vigorous than a run. But even worse, was the fact that the fake bodies used by Spirit World were faulty, well even more so than the usually cheap dolls were. Koenma had gotten some sort of deal on a huge batch of them, and it wasn't until after the warranty had expired that everyone realized they were crap.

The first problem was the fact that these bodies required immense amounts of food and liquid substance to maintain their form; otherwise the bodies would fall apart where they stood and leave whatever soul inside exposed. The second, more aggravating problem, was the fact that the bodies processed substances almost twice as fast as a regular human body. This had caused an almost untold amount of problems regarding restroom usage and accidents. With no way to return the bodies, and no room in the budget to buy new ones, there were really only two solutions: don't use the bodies, or require users to wear diapers.

When Botan had heard she'd have to wear a diaper to visit her friends, she balked. And then yelled; a torrent of angry, bitter words flooding out of her mouth at Koenma until she was red in the face in anger. The mere suggestion of such a humiliating action was ridiculous and insulting, and Botan would have none of that. She was one of Spirit World's top ferry women, she would go to Earth and enjoy her visit without the use of a baby's nappy. And that was all there really was to say on the matter.

Koenma sighed, not bothering to argue with the stubborn, blue-haired deity. She'd learn her lesson soon enough, and then he'd get the chance to say he told her so.

–

“The nerve of him, telling me to wear a nappy of all things!” Botan huffed under her breath, balancing carefully on her oar as she made her way from the Spirit World to the Human one. She was already settled into her human body, but her movements were jerky as she tried to steer towards Genkai's temple. She frowned, pondering over what exactly could be her problem, when she realized her throat felt incredibly dry. She shrugged her shoulders, when she got to Genkai's she could have all the water and tea she wanted. Oh and Yukina's lemonade~

Just the thought made her mouth water, and at once she rushed forward. By the time she landed in front of the temple's opening, Botan felt as if she were dying of dehydration. She was so thirsty, her teeth were sticking to her lips, and she could barely even get enough saliva to lick her lips.

“Yukina! Genkai! I'm here,” She poked her head inside, only the find the place empty. Yukina was probably with Kuwabara; the red head had been successfully courting her for almost a month now. Genkai...most likely training somewhere in the deep woods surrounding the temple. Botan sighed, she was looking forward to speaking with her friends, but that could always wait. She made her way to the kitchen, not even bothering to take off her sandals; she needed water and she needed it now.

Genkai always kept water bottles in the refrigerator, since the tap water in the temple was untreated well-water and tasted disgusting. Cheerfully, Botan grabbed a twelve ounce bottle and chugged the entire thing in one sitting. Burping lightly, she frowned; her throat still felt like sandpaper. She grabbed a second bottle, drinking this one more slowly but still finishing within a few minutes. Her lips felt dry and cracked, and her throat only somewhat moist. Frustrated, the pink-eyed girl grabbed three bottles and once and shut the door.

She dropped two of the bottles on the dinning room table, and tossed her head back as she practically absorbed her third bottle. Once again, she repeated this process with the remaining two bottles. After consuming well over a liter of water, she sighed in relief. She felt like herself again, able to move fluidly and no longer suffering from cotton mouth.

On the other hand, she could feel her stomach swell from the water, seeing it grow larger through her kimono. Botan yawned softly, feeling quite full, and made her way to the living room to lay on the couch. As she laid down, she could feel her stomach slosh about an wrinkled her eyebrow at the noise; she really had packed away a lot, hadn't she?

Stretching out, she lazily began turning through the channels on the television before her, waiting for something to catch her eye. She fell asleep before getting to many channels in, however, snoring away on the couch as her body continued to digest her water.

The sound of rushing water and heavy rainfalls stirred Botan's bladder, making it twitch slightly in discomfort. She moved a little, lazily putting her hand between her legs as she tried to continue her nap. However, the sound of water persisted, growing even louder, and finally jarred Botan out of her sleep.

“-Hannoki Falls in the Toyama Prefecture of Japan is the tallest waterfall in Japan. However, since the water only flows from April to July, when the snow of Midagahara plateau melts, its twin waterfall, Shomyo Falls, is often considered the tallest...” Some sort of documentary on tourism spots of Japan was airing, rolling stock footage of the the rushing water of the falls and smiling faces of foreigners.

Botan groaned, shifting about on the couch, feeling her urge to pee increase quickly, but not wanting to get up. The couch was comfortable, and she was still somewhat tired. She rolled over, facing away from the television, and crossed her legs tightly. Even when the program had moved on from the Hannoki Falls, Botan's bladder persisted in making itself known. The blue haired deity sighed, finally sitting up, and groaned. Her stomach was rock hard, her bladder almost impossibly full. It felt like every drop of water she had earlier had flew through her system and was sitting in wait. She bounced in her seat as she thought about her options. She could try and go back to sleep but it probably would end disastrously. Genaki had two bathrooms in the temple, but they were both pretty far from the living room, would she even make it?

The blue haired woman bit her lip nervously; the second she tried to stand up gravity weighed heavily on her. Her bladder felt like it actually dropped inside of her, and all that water sloshing around was right at the very edge of leaking through. She squeezed her legs together and tight as she could and squirmed around trying to gain some sort of control on herself. Her lower lips tingled and for a second she thought she was already going to start wetting herself. The feeling passed, leaving her with just a dull ache in the bottom of her belly, and she sighed.

“Okay Botan old gal, you can do this!” She gripped herself with one hand and began stumbling towards the toliet. It was uncomfortable, trying to walk with her hand between her legs, and concentrating on not wetting herself was agony but she had little choice. She clenched her muscles as hard as she could, walking at a meager pace. Still her lower half would sway, and she'd have to press her fingers as close against herself as she could through the kimono. She was so full, she could slowly feel herself starting to leak, small trails of pee slipping down her legs as she walked. She moaned, trying to stop herself but unable to. The small trails grew larger as more and more pee started to leak from her tired muscles.

Finally, she felt like all her strength was gone. She started squirting into her already soaking panties, three or four second long bursts of pee coming from her. Botan whimpered, she couldn't hold it anymore, there was just no way. Even with her hands holding on for dear life, her pee started spraying out wildly, gushing through the fabric of her kimono and falling onto the floor with a deafening noise. Sobbing out, Botan finally gave in, sinking to the ground and letting the massive amount of liquid within her continue to pour out.B

*003*2011-12-19 22:53

{{: 

This was an excellent and interesting take. Is Botan cannon, or did you make up this body thing that the spirits needed to walk among the humans. It was a very interesting idea.

}}

She's a canon character from the anime/manga Yu Yu Hakusho. She's basically a grim reaper, but she eventually gets a human body so she can walk around and be seen and talk to people. In the manga though her body is an actual vessel that she either takes control of or leaves laying around doesn't need it. I had used the idea that maybe her physical body was sort of crummy and didn't work well for a fanfic once, and just sort of adapted the idea for a omorashi story.

