Just a parallel-fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*000*2020-06-01 20:52

After that, we went down again, this time the room was slightly darker but both in shape and color it was the same as that of the upper floor, this time however there was written "99" instead of "100".

(Tarasha): this room is a safe place, there are two on each floor, however, to get to the next one we have to go through the territory of the monsters.

We headed into one of the side corridors to the room, they were narrower than the tunnels where we met the giant moles and therefore I decided to change my weapon into a short sword with excellent statistics, Tarasha made my way, he seemed to know perfectly how to move in these narrow corridors.

"scavenger rat," Tarasha said after turning immediately after turning a corner.

(Tarasha): die!

"Wow she's slain it instantly" this I thought after jumping backward almost losing control of my bladder.

(Tarasha): sorry but unfortunately these beings remind me of a dark period of my life.

(Lily): okay, don't worry ... anyway, what do you mean by dark period?

(Tarasha): nothing special ... it's just that during my childhood when I was still a weak and defenseless child, these rats didn't make me sleep at night ...

(Lily): in what sense? Couldn't your parents drive them out or put some mousetraps?

(Tarasha): unfortunately, my parents sold me to a slave trader because they were too poor to take care of me, but I don't want to victimize you also because this is neither the time nor the place to talk about my past, so go on!

Even though I didn't want to be indelicate, I couldn't help asking for more details, like when I liked a character in a game and wanted to discover his lore or like when I was delighted in finding a hidden quest.

(Lily): So there is still market and slave trade in this world? oh, sorry if I touched a sore button, if you don't want to talk about it it doesn't matter ...

(Tarasha): slaves are considered as commodities, and their value depends significantly on race, also because there have been laws that protect the health of human slaves, such as the one where I was born, but not being human, I do not I had the right to be subject to these laws.

It's not that I don't want to talk about it, it's just not the right time, also I warn you, among adventurers, there is an unwritten rule that forbids asking other adventurers from their past.

(Lily): okay, I won't ask for more for now, but could you tell me later how a slave managed to become a strong warrior?

"Maybe later" Tarasha replied with a smile.

We kept going down the floors for at least an hour until we got to floor 81, we didn't meet particularly strong monsters, the one with the highest level was a rock worm level 22.

In the descent, however, I realized two things, the first is that with my stats it made no difference to fight with the level 63 giant mole or a simple level 1 scavenger rat, the second is that I needed to pee, I had a strong stimulus even if I had freed the bladder less than 2 hours before and it was not a sort of suggestion because looking at my statistics I found:

[Bladder fullness]: 83%

(Lily'mind '): it is not possible!

As I looked at the statistics from 83% it rose to 85%, I didn't understand the reason but I knew that in a short time I would have urinated.

Being focused on my bladder doing some hopping dance on the spot and above all looking for a place where I could relieve myself undisturbed I didn't notice Tarasha looking at me with a twinkle in her eyes and a pleasing smile.

(Tarasha): the next will be the 80th floor, from here on there will be no more room to go down but everything will be confused and without a map getting lost is assured.

Tarasha spoke but my mind was focused on my bladder.

Notice :

This story was written in Italian for the sole purpose of me to pass the time, it was translated with Google Translate without making too many necessary checks, thank you in advance for reading and I would appreciate a comment with a useful tip at the end of it.

What I want to write is in all respects a fantasy novel similar to some web novels that I have read lately, in the past I tried to do something similar but being only a first attempt in my opinion it did not go very well and therefore I gave up. Before each chapter I will include the Tags that I think are contained in the chapter in question, this is because I don't even know what I want to insert and what I don't want.

Prologo, The prologue does not have a title and is from the POV of the protagonist (Lily)

I understand that there is little content in this prologue but I preferred to develop the mechanics of the world.

It contains: bedwetting,farting,wetting and light fear wetting

Narrator: [Lily]

I didn't remember anything, my mind was completely empty and my body was numb and assailed by a tingling, I was lying on a straw bed and I had a simple blanket on me, it was dark and the only thing that illuminated the room where I found myself was the moon.

I thought I was in danger at night in an unknown place and I would suddenly jump out of this room to try to understand what had happened to me but I could not move, I realized that I could not keep my eyes open, as if I was really sleepy looking better I seemed to see how a game interface in my field of vision that remained even when I closed my eyes, at the bottom left I saw a [game log] with an infinite number of voices, I just didn't want to read and I couldn't to think clearly, I probably thought I was dreaming or imagining, at the top right instead I saw the writing [Menu] and [Map], I was about to fall asleep again because of sleep, but just before I did it a writing in semitransparent yellow jumped at me to the eye, [Need to urinate] I just couldn't understand and I didn't want to think, I tried to fall asleep again but the writing became more and more amber and I couldn't ignore it, in the end, a message appeared premium.

(Chat): ignore [need to urinate]?

[YES] or [NO]

I didn't even think, I chose [YES] and fell asleep.

Just before I fell into a deep sleep I read the chat a second time.

Title: [She who wets the bed] acquired.

I woke up with birdsong and sunlight, as soon as I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was the face of a disheveled young boy staring at me, since I had never seen him, I got scared but I calmed down immediately because he seemed to have no bad intentions.

(Ryle): S ... sorry! ... I didn't want to be watching you ... g ... good morning! I'm glad you woke up when my master found you she had no good hopes ... how do you feel? however, my name is Ryle, nice to meet you!

Skill: [Sevilathien's language] buy;

Title: [Polyglot] purchase.

(Lily): Oh, don't worry about it, anyway, you could tell me where we are and who are you? Anyway, my name is Lily

As I spoke I sat up and looked around to find out where I was, my body was really numb, and my nose didn't smell, I didn't feel like moving too much because of the tingling and then I let it go, I understood immediately not to be in a normal place given the straw bed on which I was and given the clay and wood walls that I was around, also the boy Ryle was really good looking, he must have been about 14 or 15 years old but he was really tall, he had a short-sleeved shirt that showed his toned arms, his green eyes of the same color of the disheveled hair hit me, they seemed strangely natural ...

(Ryle): Oh Lily did you say? You're not from around here, are you? You can also see it in your clothes ...

His words struck me, I shouldn't have had an unusual name ... also I looked at my crumpled blouse that was nothing strange, rather his clothes seemed very out of the norm until then I thought it was a kind of disguised medieval disguise but looking around unless it was a really well-made movie set or a foreign country was strange.

(Lily): Why? Where are we? And what would be strange about my clothes?

(Ryle): Well we're in the woods surrounding the city of alabaster, where did you think you were? You were found by my mistress a few kilometers from here after all, as far as your clothes are concerned, I don't seem to have ever seen anything like this, however now that I think about it you are suspicious!

Could you come and do a status check?

While Ryle was talking to me about things that I judged as meaningless I saw the interface I thought I was dreaming about and felt my body's numbness slowly fade and my sense of smell return, I could smell a slight smell of urine.

I didn't give it any weight and thought the interface was just a strange hallucination.

(Lily): I shouldn't have a problem getting up, anyway what is a status check?

(Ryle): Are you kidding me by accident? It's what you do to check a person's level and personal information with a copy of the mirror of truth ... can you know where you've lived so far? Do you have a memory leak by accident? Or are you trying to trick me?

(Lily): Level? What are you talking about? Anyway, I'm from Lugano ...

(Ryle): Lu ... gan ... or? Where is it? Okay, I understand you're not from around here, but I can't believe you don't know what the level is!

(Lily): You don't know Lugano? Are you telling me we're not in Switzerland? Anyway no! I don't know what you mean by level!

(Ryle): Switzer ... land? No, I don't know where it is ... however the level is the number that testifies how much you developed as a living being, it also depends on how good your status is ... I can't explain it well, it's one thing so trivial that you don't even teach ... anyway, I keep thinking that you are making fun of me, now get up, I really want to see your status to make sure it is not a criminal, a slave or a dangerous person!

(Lily): ... ok ... I still don't understand what you mean by a dangerous person ... look at me I have no weapons or anything ...

I decided to get up also out of curiosity to understand what the boy was talking about, when I got out of bed, however, the smell of urine became stronger, I looked at my jeans and I could observe a nice stain ... I could not believe it ... I was pissing on myself! I immediately covered her with the blanket and sat down on the straw again even though I was now certain that the boy had seen me.

(Lily'mind '): What an embarrassment! I can't believe I got wet!

I immediately thought of what I thought was a dream

: ignore [need to urinate]?

[YES] or [NO]

I couldn't believe it, it was too strange, even the interface that was becoming more and more vivid, was it a dream?

I remembered the full-dive virtual reality that I was about to try with Emily, I still remembered around with my blushed face and I looked at Ryle.

(Lily'mind '): I can't believe it! Am I in a simulation !?

And I got wet ?! What game am I playing? Who would make a virtual game with similar functionality ???

(Ryle): Is everything all right? You had an accident, right? You don't have to be ashamed of it, you've been unconscious for at least 3 days after all ...

Ryle blushed as he spoke to me

(Lily'mind '): How am I supposed to respond? Is this guy an AI or is he a player? It doesn't look like an AI, it's too realistic, it's probably a player! What an embarrassment!

(Lily): Hmmm ... yes, I'm sorry! Do you know how I can clean myself up?

(Ryle): Oh don't worry, it can happen to anyone, as soon as my mistress returns I can make you have a change of clothes ... or I could use the spell [soft wash] to clean those strange pants you wear, as you prefer, however for the spell it takes a while and I should T ... touch the affected area of the item of clothing in question all the time ...

(Lily): If you don't mind I would like you to try to use the spell, I really don't want to be seen by other players in these conditions, also I'm curious to see how the magic of this game works ...

(Ryle): game?

(Lily): Well we're in a fair game?

(Ryle): I'm not playing, tell me if you want to change or if you want me to use magic, you are too strange, I want to check your status as soon as possible!

(Lily'mind '): is it an AI? It's strange ... aren't we in a game?

But if magic exists it is necessarily a game! Quite right?

Maybe I have to check this status to understand something ...

(Lily): okay, you can use magic, but please don't look, don't smell and don't touch in strange places or I slap you!

(Ryle): Oh ... ok ...

I removed the blanket and showed my wet jeans, the biggest stain was on the back but it was probably enough to just touch the item of clothing, I was an embarrassing situation, even if I was convinced I was in a game.

I also noticed that my hair had changed color, from brown to purple, I didn't notice.

(Lily): how long does it take? You have been touching me for 2 minutes and nothing happens ... hurry up please, it's embarrassing!

(Ryle): calm down! Don't decentralize me, I haven't even activated the magic yet! It takes time ... wait at least another 2 minutes!

(Ryle'mind '): how strange it usually takes me less to visualize [soft wash] will it be because of the embarrassing situation?

After a while that Ryle was trying to activate the spell I noticed that the chat icon was flashing and then I opened it.

(Chat): Does the human subject [Ryle] want to use a spell on you, consent?

[YES] or [NO]

I immediately chose [YES] without thinking about it, I wanted to end that embarrassing situation.

(Ryle): ■■■■ [soft wash]

My legs that had completely stopped tingling and felt sticky especially on the lower back became clean after Ryle emitted strange verses that looked like high-speed singing or speaking.

(Lily'mind '): is this the magic? Fantastic!

(Ryle): good! Now we can do this status check!

(Lily): ok, come on! Anyway, can you tell me how I can activate the magic? Is there a mission to do or do I just have to level up?

(Ryle): oh ... so you know what the level is? So you made fun of me?

(Lily'mind '): oops! I hadn't realized yet that I was in a game before, it all seems too realistic ...

(Lily): sorry, I forgot!

(Ryle): okay, anyway you are suspicious, let's go check please, be careful of the step when you go out the door!

(Lily): yes, ok but so how do I activate the magic?

(Ryle): it depends on your status and your skills obviously, come on let's go now.

I left the room with Ryle and we went down the spiral stairs to a kind of cellar illuminated by a purple light that did not seem to come from anywhere, in the room that looked like a laboratory of a fairy tale wizard or a mad scientist chemist, there is they were books, ampoules, tables, phosphorescent stones, flowers and a lot of other things, it was really fantastic, on a wall there was a dark mirror which instead of reflecting the light seemed to absorb it.

(Ryle): see that's the mirror of truth, now touch it and show me your identity!

(Lily): o ... ok ...

I was afraid but I immediately calmed down because I was convinced it was a game.

As soon as I touched the mirror I felt as if covered with a gelatinous patina, it was truly realistic.

(Chat): does an artifact want to access your status, allow?

[YES] or [NO]

I chose [YES] in thought

(Chat): is it impossible to log in until you accept the other requests, accept everything?

[YES] or [NO]

As in an account creation where you should read an infinite number of terms and conditions, I ignored everything and chose [YES].

(Chat):

.

[unique skills] unlockable;

[hidden status] added;

[easy mode] enhanced;

.

.

.

[legacy of Emily] obtained;

[status of Emily] added;

Unique skill [Space unit transfer] available;

.

.

.

[MAX LEVEL] reached;

[Race increase] × 99;

Unique title: [she who exceeds all limits] obtained!

In the chat an infinite column of minor voices (for the most part acquired skills, titles and power-ups) began to flow, I did not want to read and then temporarily deactivates the chat, meanwhile on the mirror that now became transparent what appeared publicly it would have been my status:

[ID]: Lily White

[Race]: human

[Age]: 17

[Level]: 25

[Titles]: [She who wets the bed]

[Work]: none

[Hierarchy]: common

I blushed slightly for the embarrassing title and now I noticed mirroring that my appearance had changed, in addition to the purple hair I could notice that I had a prettier nose and big purple eyes, my breast had also grown at least one size, surely I was more attractive as before, also the jeans that I thought no longer had traces of my accident showed a slightly visible halo.

As I watched what was left of my previous accident, I saw a flashing writing in the right corner:

(Notice): 2 × [inherited inventory] acquired, do you want to redeem?

[YES] or [NO]

I chose [YES] but I didn't see anything happen because I had disabled the chat.

(Lily'mind '): strange, the things written in the mirror do not correspond well to what I read in the chat ... also I don't know why but I have a strange feeling ...

(Ryle): Level twenty-five! You have a fairly high level ... I didn't think you were so strong, are you an adventurer by chance?

I turned to Ryle and on his head, I read [level 23]

(Lily'mind '): who knows how I should answer ... I'm probably not an adventurer and I don't feel like telling lies ...

(Lily): no, I'm sorry to disappoint you but I'm not an adventurer ...

An instant after I said it I felt like an impulse as if I felt the buzz of an insect near my ear similar to a feeling of light fear, I turned suddenly I found myself a dagger pointed at the throat, I remained completely motionless.

~ psshhh ~

I probably lost a bit from sudden fear and I could feel a slight humility on the crotch of my panties, probably a wet stain was also visible on my jeans.

(Fox woman): Who are you? Compared to last night, your mere presence makes me freeze their blood!

The fox woman in front of me was frightening, her red eyes and protruding canines together with the bright red blade of the dagger pointed at my throat instilled an intense fear that I had rarely experienced before, however, I could not help but notice how fascinating she was, his human face with perfect features and his golden fur shone under the soft and mysterious soft light, moreover, the fear I felt was drastically reduced when I remembered that I was probably in a game, also I noticed that Ryle was no longer nearby.

(Lily'mind '): damn it! Will it kill me? I do not know what to do...

But then I realized that she was probably more afraid of me.

(Lily'mind '): wait ... is she maybe ... shaking !? are you scared of me? Reading above her I also read her level [82] and thought that although I was [Max Level] on the mirror I read [25].

Looking at it better I realized that in his face there was fear besides his anger, his legs also trembled.

(Lily): hem ... wait, are you the "mistress" that Ryle told me about? Don't hurt yourself, after all, I want to thank you for bringing me here after finding me in the woods ...

(Fox woman): don't even try to deceive me and show me your true level and who you really are!

(Lily'mind '): probably my level is higher than you read on the mirror and this fox woman can somehow see that I'm hiding it.

(Fox woman): from your silence can I deduce that you didn't wait to be discovered?

(Lily): no, it is that ... you see I am not yet practical of how the game mechanics work and therefore if you want to see who they really are you will have to wait for a little ... in the meantime could you lower the blade, please? It makes me uncomfortable as it looks really realistic ...

(Fox woman): from what you say it seems that you are pretending to be a hero summoned from another world ... don't fool me! I just tried to see myself telling the truth with the [lie detection] spell but it looks like it can't activate magic on you, how do you explain this to me?

After the fox woman said this it occurred to me that Ryle couldn't clean up my jeans, so I opened the chat again and read the latest rumors:

(Chat):

The Foxkin [Tarasha Tawakhir] use the skill [Coercion];

[Coercion] skill obtained;

[Coercion resistance] skill gained;

The [all-knowing eye] artifact was destroyed after attempting to access your status

The Foxkin [Tarasha Tawakhir] use the skill [death threat];

Death threat skill gained;

Threat resistance gained;

(Lily'mind '): apparently, if they use a skill on me I get the skill and resistance to it ... it's comfortable, it seems almost illegal ...

I kept reading the chat

(Chat): The Foxkin [Tarasha Tawakhir] wants to use the [lie detection] spell on you, agree?

[Yes] or [No]

I decided to choose [Yes].

(Fox woman): it looks like my spell has activated now ... did you say something about a fair game before?

(Lily): it activated because I consented to the activation request in the chat ...

(Fox woman'mind '): she said "chat" and "game", in addition, she has the ability to resist a high-level spell ... also ... [Level 25] ... there is no doubt...

(Fox woman): girl, are you a person transported from another world?

(Lily): hem ... is it a code to identify among the players?

(Fox woman): girl, I can assure you that as much as what you find around it may seem like a game is 100% real, I know because I have dealt with both reincarnated and transported ... once I also witnessed the evocation of a hero.

(Lily'mind '): however realistic what I have seen so far I cannot understand how such a thing is possible ...

(Fox woman): you don't believe me? I read it in your eyes, I assure you that it is perfectly normal for people from other worlds to believe that it is a dream or a game.

The summoned heroes usually take a month to settle in, the reincarnates instead die and meet God who explains the whole situation to him, unfortunately, the transported are the most difficult cases they believe in their situation, the latter usually end up killed by monsters or commit suicide because they can't get out of the dream ... their appearance is usually characterized by purple-colored hair and their basic level is 25!

(Lily): it could be the truth ... after all, it is too realistic to be a game or a dream ... but my logic does not allow me to believe such an affirmation so easily ...

(Fox woman): if you are a transported person you should have something called [inventory] right?

Later I found two letters in the inventory, one from a certain God Khelthux and one from my friend Emily, the latter broadly explaining the situation I was in, giving me advice on how to live in this world, advising to learn the magic and to exploit the power I had, warning me not to go against the gods and not to divulge modern technology, in the end, it ended with the promise that we would see each other again in the future and that waiting for that moment I could enjoy this world with tranquility Fantasy.

Once convinced that I am not in a simulation or that I am dreaming I learned how the menu, status, and map, I also understood that I could change my public level to my liking, I decided to temporarily set it to 99 to justify how resisted the skills and magic of the fox woman who later introduced herself as Tarasha Tawakhir, she asked me questions about what I had in my inventory, which I noticed to be full of objects, food, and weapons, more or less like someone's inventory who had finished any RPG and who had a passion for collecting a multitude of different items.

I also realized that not being therefore in a virtual world, I had wet the bed and leaked in a real-world, this made me blush and on impulse I changed my clothes to not leave more traces of my embarrassing accidents, I noticed that I could change the dress with the [quick changing] of my inventory, I removed all my clothes remaining completely naked in front of Tarasha who turned to give me some privacy, I put on a pair of pink briefs called [Emily's panties], a pink top called [Emily's bra], a silk shirt called [water charm] and a dark green pleated skirt.

(Lily): ok now that we have clarified that I am not a danger, you could tell me where Ryle went, since I appeared I have never seen him.

I had also tried to look for it on the map but have not yet learned how it worked I could not find it.

(Tarasha): oh, since I didn't know who I was I put it in a subspace to protect it.

Suddenly Ryle reappeared from nowhere, Tarasha and I explained the situation to him in outline, and then we also discussed with him until the evening.

I learned that in this world there were 116 weeks of 6 days, so one year had 696 days and each of them lasted 26 hours instead of 24 hours and that at the moment we were in the 19 hours of the day, therefore almost at sunset.

We ate all three together, the dinner was made up of a single dish, similar to a mixed vegetable soup, after eating a spoon the easy way started to analyze it, it annoyed me and therefore I deactivated it, I also realized that without the easy mode it activates my sense of taste and smell develop at various levels, for example, the soup which was not bad after the deactivation of the easy mode seemed very good.

(Lily): Tarasha, you are and have been a strong sorceress and warrior right?

(Tarasha): I don't claim to be the best but I'm obviously powerful enough, why?

(Lily): Well I would like to explore this world and to do it I would have the basis on how to survive.

(Ryle): Do you want to explore the world? Do you mean that you will become an adventurer?

(Lily): and why not? So Tarasha would you be willing to teach me?

(Tarasha): for me there is no problem, I am curious to find out what the potential of an abnormal transported person like you is after all.

(Ryle): But, my mistress, you promised tomorrow that we would hunt a demon together ...

(Tarasha): oh Ryle, I'm sure you can wait another week, after all, it was too early anyway ...

Don't think about skipping training though!

(Ryle): As you wish ...

From how he looked at me in the next time, Ryle seemed envious but not very much.

After dinner, I went to sleep on Tarasha's advice, who promised me that the next morning he would give me some bases on fighting and monsters following my declaration of wanting to become an adventurer and explore this world.

Before going to sleep, in addition to reactivating the easy mode and changing my clothes again, I looked at my inventory and I could not help ordering the weapons and items acquired from the inheritance well, I felt happy, rich and powerful but even a little cheater with everything I had acquired without any apparent merit, it was all so beautiful, I saw the titles that had been assigned to me, from [the one who wets the bed] to [the one who exceeds all limits] and the skills I had learned.

The thing that intrigued me most was the magic but I had no idea how to use it, I was attracted by the [magic globe] and the [sacred tome] that I had in the inventory, in the description it was written that infusing the power of the soul in them you could learn the spell, I wasn't in the skin, I wanted to do a myriad of things but I also wanted to sleep to be careful the next day.

Before going to sleep, I remembered that time I got an account of an MMORPG game in a closed beta from another player who had spent many months playing and therefore had obtained a high level and an inventory full of rare items. Obviously, it wasn't the same as finding yourself in a fantasy world but the feeling of being a cheater was the same.

After this thought, I closed my eyes and since the interface and the chat didn't make me sleepy, I decided to temporarily disable them together with the easy mode, and finally, I fell asleep.

(Tarasha): Girl, wake up, it's dawn, let's hurry otherwise all the high-level monsters in the woods will go to sleep!

I woke up with Tarasha's words, the first thing I noticed was the need to pee and more.

(Lily): where is the toilet?

(Tarasha): hem ... unfortunately, there is no one in this refuge, you will have to go outside, do you have an armor in the inventory? No matter how strong a [level 99] is, I don't think you would be unharmed without having skills or magic ...

Although I had a strong need to go to the bathroom I could not help but notice Tarasha's light robes, they were of a vermilion-colored fabric, tight enough to highlight its splendid curves which were accentuated more by the white band that had in life to which a small black bag was tied, but I had no time to admire them.

(Lily'mind '): I have to go to the bathroom!

(Lily): I think I have armor in the inventory, a second, I get dressed and I'm ready to go!

I really needed to pee, after all, I didn't go to the bathroom since my previous awakening, if I ran my hand over my abdomen I felt swollen probably because of the fullness of my bladder: "it's a miracle that I didn't wet the bed in my sleep" I thought, moreover, I also felt a moderate fullness in the bowels, it was probably at least 4 days that I didn't take a dump.

I desperately searched the inventory of suitable clothes to go out into a forest full of monsters, all while I had one hand on my thigh and the other firmly inserted into my groin.

(Lily'mind '): I have to choose quickly otherwise I will have another accident ... but I must be careful not to wear too overpowered or too expensive clothes, I need something medium ... as Emily advised me.

I could not concentrate too much because of my need, I felt my mind almost split in trying to stay focused and leave neither a drop nor a small fart to leave my body.

Eventually, I left Emily's underwear on and put on an armor [Armor of the black dragon], it was a black armor that included a skimpy black top, a medium-length skirt and shiny leather ankle boots, I chose it because it wasn't a magical object but still gave fair protection.

(Tarasha): hey ... but ... how the heck did you get such a thing ...

Tarasha looked frightened again before me: "I probably exaggerated ..." I thought.

Tarasha didn't even notice the pee dance I was doing, which further delayed my relief.

We went down the spiral stairs and left the house, around me I saw a multitude of trees and plants of various colors that shone with the first light of dawn and that almost made me forget my urgent need.

~ prrffft ~

Until a dry fart reminded me of my situation.

(Lily): oh sorry, could you wait a moment, please ?!

(Tarasha): don't worry, go ahead ... but watch out for the monsters!

I didn't even answer, I sprang behind a bush with some droplets of urine dripping between my legs, spread my legs and lowered the panties I went down into a squat and I began to pee at full strength, obviously being careful not to splash my skirt too much.

~ psssssssssss ~

About a minute passed and my flow was reduced to a thread, until it stopped completely, now that I was calmer I heard the pleasant song of the birds and the scent of the flowers which obscured the smell of the vapors of the pee puddle.

~ frrt ~

A mischievous fart warmed my buttocks and reminded me that I had not yet finished my business.

Once I finished releasing the bowels I felt incredibly relaxed, emptied of my problems, it was a fantastic feeling to go and do my needs so outdoors like a fantasy world, almost exciting.

(Tarasha): Lily! Alright?

And while I was enjoying my moment Tarasha screamed my name and ruined the atmosphere.

(Lily): yes! Wait a moment and I'm coming!

I took some pieces of cloth from my inventory and cleaned myself, then I looked at the panties that I still had wrapped around my legs, they had a small dark pink stain but nothing that would not dry quickly, I pulled them up, I put leaves to cover the area where I made my needs and washed my hands with a bottle that I had in the inventory.

It was not the first time

(Lily): here I am, sorry if I made you wait, so what can you teach me?

(Tarasha): it's up to you, you said you want to be the right adventurer?

(Lily): yes, I would like you to explain to me how magic is used!

(Tarasha): oh, do you attract spells?

(Lily): yes, I would like to become a magician!

(Tarasha): well, then first of all could you tell me how much mana and soul power you have?

(Lily'mind '): I must be careful to say something credible ...

I went to my status and checked my statistics:

{Lily's Stats [MAX Level]}

[Health Points]: 999+

[Health recovery]: MAX

[Vitality]: 999+

[Stamina]: 999+

[Stamina recovery]: MAX

[Resistance]: 999+

[Mana point]: 999+

[Mana Recovery]: MAX

[Magic resistance]: 999+

[Soul authority]: MAX

[Power of the soul]: MAX

[Brain power]: 999+

[Come on]: 999+

[Agility]: 999+

[Dexterity]: 999+

[Vision]: 999+

[Self-check]: 999+

[Bladder]: 100

[Bladder fullness]: 4%

[Bowels]: 100

[Bowels fullness]: 2%

I wondered why they were present in separate statistics such as [Bladder] and [Bowels], however, it didn't take a genius to understand that my statistics were far beyond very good and therefore I didn't know how to answer: "maybe I should activate the easy mode "fortunately I thought.

Once activated a mini description appeared next to my statistics, thanks to it I understood that the average human being [level 10] had about 30 [MP], the soul power, however, was more mysterious, in the infobox there was nothing, with or without easy mode, the same was true of [Soul authority].

I also decided to disable the easy mode because I wanted to enjoy the landscape without continuous analysis or suppression of the sense of smell.

(Lily): I have 330 MP and would like to keep my soul power secret if possible.

I thought that for a [level 99] 330 MP was right.

(Tarasha): if you are telling the truth then I can deduce that you are a perfect [Level 99] balanced, interesting ... I agree on keeping secret the power of the soul, not even I will tell you mine.

The chat at that moment gave me a warning signal, I opened it and read:

(Chat):

Skill [Absolute revelation] resisted;

Skill [Absolute revelation] buys;

(Lily'mind '): Do you want to see my statistics? It seems that without the easy mode activated you cannot see who is using the ability against me, but I still get the ability, interesting.

(Lily): so what? Can you teach me magic?

(Tarasha): if you mean primordial magic or sacred magic obviously not, but for arcane magic, there is no problem, you have enough MP to also cast prohibited spells, but first I would like to ask you something, do you have the skill [Chant]?

I immediately went to check but I didn't.

(Lily): unfortunately not, why?

(Tarasha): because arcane magic includes 3 phases of casting a spell, Visualization, Chant and Activation, without the ability [Chant] unfortunately you cannot cast a spell ... apart from a few exceptions ...

(Lily): and how do I go about acquiring it?

(Tarasha): there are many ways, the easiest is to study at the magic academy and another widespread is to use a sealing object with the ability inside, the latter, however, is rare and its cost is high, probably it even costs more than the dragonic armor you wear.

(Lily): What if I teach you the skill without having to go to the academy?

(Tarasha): it wouldn't be a problem for me but it takes years to learn [Chant], it's not that simple, as far as I'm concerned I recommend you train with a weapon and then learn magic.

(Lily'mind '): 2 years is too long ...

(Lily): okay, so what weapon would you recommend me to use?

(Tarasha): I see that you understand when it is not necessary to insist, as far as the weapon is concerned, obviously it depends on you, which weapon would you like to use?

As far as I am concerned, I am skilled with both the ax and the long broadsword so if you choose one of the two I can help you more easily to learn the necessary skills.

(Lily): I like the greatsword, so let's start?

(Tarasha): Do you have a sword in your inventory?

(Lily): yes most likely I have it ...

(Tarasha): well, get it out.

While I was looking for one of the various swords, one who had statistics on average Tarasha took from the bag that had tied a broad green metal sword at the waist as long as its height and with a width and thickness that made it seem truly imposing.

(Lily): nice sword ... also ... is that bag bottomless?

(Tarasha): I see you have an eye, yes this is a sword it is called made with ancient elven techniques and it is made of orichalcum, it is an enchanted bag with space magic, obviously, it has a capacity limit.

In the end, after comparing several swords for more than a minute, I took out a simple enchanted steel sword, Tarasha's reaction was like what I would have had in the previous world if they had promised me the last smartphone as a gift and had presented themselves with a model from the previous year and second-hand, of course, I was happy because I didn't want to catch the eye.

(Tarasha): I see that you have your weapon, to acquire the skill just train or kill an enemy with the aforementioned weapon, however perfecting it is difficult, there are two ways, the first is to use the experience and the second is increasing level, obviously, you who are already [Level 99] will struggle in both things, as regards the experience it is difficult to accumulate at high levels, also I do the extreme effort, as regards the level up it is rumored that for a human or semi-human to pass level 99 is impossible ...

Obviously, I was not level 99 since I had no problems entering a number thousands of times greater, but this thing was comfortable in certain points of view, also I went to my status and took a look in the skills area, in addition to the skills I had I could notice that I had a practically infinite reserve of experience, I tried to enhance the unique skill [Space unit transfer], I noticed that skill had 10 levels of enhancement and that even by maximizing the skill my experience points did not conceal in the least.

(Lily): it's not a problem, I just need to learn the skill, so to hang it I just need to kill a monster with this sword?

(Tarasha): yes, for one of your level monsters in the vicinity should not be a problem even without magic or skills, the only being that probably can damage you is a greater Demon or a dragon but in my whole life they are beings rarely appeared.

(Lily): shall we go then?

(Tarasha): yes, let's see if you can keep up with me!

Tarasha suddenly shot in the middle of the woods, her movements were perfect, thanks to my statistics I didn't make the slightest effort to run after her but thanks to my abnormal sight I could see how perfect her movements were, every step in the middle of the trees seemed to be expected 10 steps first.

(Tarasha'mind '): he manages to stay behind me, incredible ... the people transported are unfair ...

While we were running in the forest I saw many animals that I knew like deer and wild boars, and foxes but also animals that I had never seen as a large spider that made me shiver.

(Lily'mind '): I wonder where we are going, running at this speed we would have traveled a very long space ...

(Lily): Shouldn't I learn to use the sword?

I asked after I approached Tarasha who stopped

(Tarasha): I thought I'd take you for a ride through the woods, do you like it?

(Lily): it's gorgeous!

(Tarasha): And anyway you didn't acquire skills while running? Normally you should get the [Fast step] skill just by running, also running at a similar speed I wouldn't be surprised even if I had obtained directly [Flash step] together with some high-sounding title ...

(Lily): I didn't get any skills or titles ...

(Tarasha): normally for a person with few abilities it is enough to perform actions that put them in difficulty for

(Lily): Well, I had no problem running, maybe that's why I didn't get the skill ...

(Tarasha): no problem !? Nobody could stand behind me without magic or skill!

(Lily): I don't know what to tell you ...

(Tarasha): Okay now I'm going to stop surprising myself, however, there is little time, let's hurry!

(Lily): little time for what?

(Tarasha): to make the danger of this world-known at Level 99 you need a dungeon, in the center of the woods there is one and the door remains open only during sunrise, for this, we must hurry!

(Lily): a dungeon? Not serving the preparations to enter it?

(Tarasha): oh, don't worry, I prepared everything myself, however, we won't go deep, I just want to show you what kind of beings populate this world!

(Lily'mind '): I don't really mind at all, I have always loved dungeons and mazes full of monsters where you can level-up safely, even if they are maximum level ...

Tarasha and I arrived at the entrance of the dungeon, it was a simple hole 10 meters (33 ft) in diameter with 4 pillars on the sides and which had inside a spiral staircase of white marble, as soon as I put my foot on the first step the map changed, unlike before it was also completely empty, probably because it was an unknown place where I had never been.

(Tarasha): ■■ [luminary]

A globe of light formed in front of us.

(Lily): wonderful!

(Tarasha): it is simple basic magic, it will be useful since the dungeon in some areas is completely dark.

We started to go down the stairs and shortly after I heard an uproar rumbling and a cold current of upward wind lifted my skirt exposing my panties.

(Lily): what's going on?

(Tarasha): probably the entrance has closed ...

(Lily): wait for what?! ... are you serious? So we got stuck?

(Tarasha): maybe I should have told you that we would spend the whole day here ...

(Lily): well, it certainly wouldn't have made me unhappy!

I said that even though the idea of exploring a real dungeon filled with excitement.

(Tarasha): let's go, once you get to the tenth floor we will have a nice camp where to have breakfast!

(Lily): I agree very much, I really want to learn some skills!

We finished going down the stairs and we started walking through the tunnels, on the sides of them the colored crystals reflected Tarasha's sphere of light, it was truly a dream show, after a while, I finally saw a monster that could be attacked with the sword to acquire the ability.

(Tarasha): Do you see Lily?

Tarasha pointed to a bear-sized creature, he was turned away from us but we could still see the length of his claws sticking out from the sturdy arms covered with thick brown fur, however despite the imposingness of his body he was only level 16.

(Lily): yes!

(Tarasha): it is a giant mole, it is not a particularly dangerous monster, it is blind but manages to orient itself with the sense of smell and hearing if there is one, there are probably many others nearby, for two of our level even a hundred of them could not bother us in the least, but whatever the opponent we meet, I recommend you pay close attention!

(Lily): I understand, maximum attention!

(Tarasha): Now attack that mole, let me see how you handle that broadsword.

After Tarasha's recommendations, I squeezed my weapon tightly and with a light step I approached the mole, it practically ignored me until I was right behind it, all the time I continue to dig the rock but when I was behind it turned and with the sharp claws probably tried to cut my neck, of course, I dodged the blow with extreme ease but nevertheless, one or two droplets left my bladder and moistened the crotch of my panties, it did not matter that the level of this monster was lower than that Tarasha or mine, the appearance and size of the monster scare me enough.

But the small insignificant accident made my blood boil, mostly from embarrassment.

Once I dodged the cops, I tightened the sword again and with an oblique swing I cut the mole in two parts, this emitted a suffocated and torn scream before falling to the sun with a thump that almost shook the ground, I remember that I thought: "that sucks "at the sight of the blood that sprinkled the floor but I recovered immediately.

(Tarasha): congratulations, an excellent cut, have you learned any skills?

(Lily'mind '): I hope I have no way of seeing that my bladder has betrayed me against an infinitely weaker monster than me!

(Lily): unfortunately, it would seem not ...

I read the chat for any unlocked skills but found nothing, to be sure I checked the list of skills but nothing new.

(Tarasha): so if you don't need them you don't learn them ... to get you some skills we have to find a way to put you in difficulty ...

(Lily): but basically, if I'm not in difficulty I don't need the right skills? Let's not worry too much, let me see rather the beauty of this dungeon or some other monster!

(Tarasha): you're right ... I reasoned based on common sense that tells me that without basic skills you can't stay, but in the end, you're right, when you need it you will get the skills you need.

Now be careful, they surrounded us!

(Lily'mind '): you shouldn't say it with a smile on your mouth!

A large number of giant moles were arriving in the tunnel, they probably felt threatened the moment they heard the dying cry of one of their kind.

(Tarasha): you think of those in front of us, I will fix those that come behind us!

(Lily): yes!

The average level of giant moles was 20, I sprinted forward and killed 3 with a single horizontal cut, it was easy.

(Tarasha): ■■■ [light body barrier]

Tarasha put the weapon back in the bag, took a wand, and chose to use magic.

(Tarasha): ■■■ [Multiple light dart]

Once he killed about thirty giant moles I didn't see anymore, I turned around and vines Tarasha shining with green light as he launched with a wand a multitude of rays of light that pierced the moles from side to side, however, these did not die instantly and they were getting closer to Tarasha.

(Lily): I come to support you!

(Tarasha): no need, don't worry!

As soon as the moles surrounded her, she put away her wand and pulled a golden halberd out of the bag, with a swing of her right arm she cut in half the entire group of giant moles that had approached her and put to flight the others who dug holes in the walls and disappeared.

(Tarasha): I didn't want to use a magic weapon or a spell with area damage to avoid frightening them but I think the corpses are enough ... maybe they are too many ...

(Lily): what do you mean?

(Tarasha): ■■■■ [infinite storage subspace]

A wave of light filled the cave and all the giant moles vanished.

(Lily): amazing ... how can you keep all these moles ...

(Tarasha): I took them only to use them as baits later, giant moles are not profitable, moreover, the consumption of mana to keep the subspace active is not insignificant, however, we will need them.

(Lily): for what?

(Tarasha): it's a surprise of course.

Tarasha and I went deeper with other flights of stairs, we didn't meet other monsters, probably because Tarasha used some particular magic, he seemed to be in a hurry: "maybe he's hungry" I thought.

(Tarasha): we have arrived, after this corridor, we will finally be on the tenth floor.

(Lily): ok, so little time is left for breakfast eh.

As they walked towards the ramp Tarasha grabbed my hand suddenly.

(Lily): what's going on?

(Tarasha): there is something big.

(Lily): for example?

(Tarasha): it looks like a mole but its level is higher than 50, it is probably a giant mole king ...

The ceiling vibrated and a lot of sand and rubble fell, then from the wall to my right claws landed pointing to my face, I dodged them easily but the fright made me lose a jet of hot urine.

(Lily): whaaaat! What is that?!

(Tarasha'mind '): dodged such a shot without skill ... impossible!

(Tarasha): You must know that older giant moles get retractable claws.

The long and sharp claws retreated and after a while they resurfaced out of the opposite direction, this time the target was Tarasha who instead of dodging them cut them with the halberd making the monster growl that finally came out in the open, it was a giant mole of level 63, unlike the moles of before, his hair was gray and smooth, his teeth much more protruding and the burr dripped from his mouth.

(Tarasha): Do you want to try to fight it?

(Lily): okay ...

I was slightly scared but I didn't hesitate for a second, I shook the weapon and with a vertical cut I tried to divide it in half as with the other giant moles, but this time it didn't go as I hoped, with its claws, it cut my sword, and subsequently he tried to hit me with them, even if I didn't expect it, I managed to dodge anyway, he tried to hit me again but Tarasha got in the way, with his bare fingers he grabbed the claws of the monster and with the halberd he hit him throwing him strongly on the wall and making the floor tremble.

(Tarasha): Huff ... the magic of physical enhancement is exhausting! Finish the mole and put it in your inventory, unlike the ones before, this is worth a lot of gold coins, hurry up I really want to make a ... break ...

(Lily): oh, okay ...

I took a new sword from my inventory, this time a little better than before to avoid being left unarmed and I put the mole's corpse in the inventory after I gave it the coup de grace.

As they walked towards the flight of spiral stairs I could notice a slight change in Tarasha's casual way of walking, it was as if she was trying to walk naturally and elegantly, moreover, the speed of her steps had slightly increased.

We arrived at the spiral stairs and she asked me to go down first, I asked no questions and went on, once we reached the end of the stairs we found ourselves in front of a vault that emerged in a huge cave, unlike the narrow, dark tunnels and cramps on the upper floors here the atmosphere was peaceful, butterfly-like insects fluttered, there was a huge crystal on the ceiling that illuminated all corners of the cave, there was green grass on the ground and in the center, I could see a small mirror of water.

(Lily): this place is amazing ...

(Tarasha): I'm glad you like it, if you like you can go near the pond and find a space to have breakfast, I should hurry ... private matters ...

It was then that I finally noticed that Tarasha probably needed to pee, I preferred not to ask questions and leave her her privacy even if in my mind the image of the beautiful Foxkin wetting her pants like a child passed through my head making me blush.

(Lily): hem ... ok

After a slight hesitation due to the anxiety of being alone, I decided to go to the pond to give Tarasha her privacy.

She went away quite a bit, when I arrived at the pond I saw her still walking until she disappeared behind a rock. I sat on the grass around the pond and opened the skill log.

Skill [coercion]

Skill [death threat]

Skill [Absolute revelation]

Skill [Sevilathien's language]

Unique skill [Space unit transfer];

Unique skill [Self-taught];

Locked skill [HIDDEN]

To see if the hidden ability could be unlocked I tried to activate the easy mode, but no change, I tried to select the skill [Absolute revelation], it was level 1, I tried to use a skill point to enhance it and it became level 2, for level 3 ten skill points were needed, for 4 needed one hundred, etc., once taken to level 5 I stopped and tried to activate it, with a bit of concentration I managed it, I seemed to see in black and white for a moment and then everything in my view took on a different color and brilliance, the butterflies were blue and the green grass, in the distance I could see an intense purple light, it was Tarasha, I don't know how but thinking about his name its status.

[ID]: Tarasha Tawakhir

[Race]: Foxkin

[Age]: 37

[Level]: 82

[Titles]: hidden

[Work]: hidden

[Hierarchy]: viscountess

Visible statistics:

[Bladder]: 73

[Bladder fullness]: 94%

[Bowels]: 82

[Bowels fullness]: 61%

(Lily'mind '): incredible! First Tarasha used this ability on me, how strange that he can only see some statistics ...

Anyway, I was right, he needed to water the flowers ...

As I watched the fullness percentage of Tarasha's bladder started to go down and I blushed thinking about what she was doing at that moment, it was then that I noticed something, on the numbers of the statistics there was like a pointer, as if I could write or to delete.

"I could wait for his bladder to empty ... and then ... refill it?!?"

A thought occurred to me that made me slightly excited and warm my cheeks.

[Bladder fullness]: 10%

(Lily'mind '): It doesn't seem to empty itself anymore ...

I was about to rethink but in the end, I decided to try, I concentrated on the percentage and with an enormous effort I made it go up by two or three numbers, I was not satisfied and then I tried again but I could not make it go up, I took it as a challenge and I tried again and again, but unfortunately I lost track of time.

(Tarasha): what is that expression? Alright?

(Lily): Huh?

And I found myself in front of Tarasha, which caught me off guard and with the deconcentration I deactivated the spell but not before adding a zero in the percentage that made it reach 130%

(Tarasha): Ouch! What happens!?

Tarasha crossed her legs and slumped to the ground.

~ psssssssssssssshhh ~

A continuous stream of urine poured into its vermilion dress which started to form a puddle.

(Tarasha): ■■■■ [infinite storage subspace]

The beautiful Foxkin activated the subspace in her panties to avoid further damage but already after 10 seconds of flow, she was completely drenched.

(Tarasha): how did this happen?

I who had witnessed the scene was completely speechless, I knew that I should have apologized but I didn't want to confess that it was I who caused her to have an accident, I felt guilty but I certainly liked what I saw.

Her dress was soaked and shiny as her eyes where I could see embarrassment and confusion which then turned into intense anger.

(Tarasha): Lily ... by any chance you? I'm not accusing you but ... you know I just emptied my bladder and it's impossible that it refilled again in such a short time!

I did not know what to say

(Lily): Tarasha I really ... actually ... I ... sorry ... I didn't do it on purpose ...

I bowed my head to accentuate the effect of the apology and because I didn't want to meet his gaze.

(Tarasha): so it was you eh?

(Lily): are you angry?

(Tarasha): absolutely not, if you didn't do it on purpose I can't be angry with you, do you think? Do I seem angry to you?

He said it with a slightly forced smile but that still made me calm.

(Lily): sorry again!

(Tarasha): ■■ [Quick drying]

The wet stain disappeared.

(Tarasha): enough, let's pretend nothing happened, wines let's have breakfast now.

Even if she seemed calm I had the doubt that she was quite angry, this because she didn't ask me how I had filled her bladder and that therefore she already had the answer or she was thinking of revenge, obviously they were only guesses, looking at her she doesn't seem angry just a little embarrassed, after a few minutes I stopped thinking about it and turned off the easy mode to enjoy the breakfast we would have gone for.

Tarasha chose a place near the lake, from a subspace she took a table and two chairs and pulled a cloche, two cups, and a teapot out of the magic bag.

(Tarasha): sit down Lily too.

I sat on what was probably a wooden chair, the white color it had and the smoothing sensation it gave to the touch were those of marble, even the coffee table was of the same material, all with the spring atmosphere and the stone that illuminates the cave they brought me back to the times when I lived at my grandmother's house in the Alps, this made me feel for the first time a feeling of nostalgia, but the bad mood passed immediately and the joy pervaded me when I saw what was hidden underneath the cloche, while I thought Tarasha had uncovered it and now what I saw was a silver platter with a huge variety of pastries and various sweets on it, I noticed the sweets that I loved to eat in my old world, there were a croissant, a krapfen, a scone, and a danish pastry.

(Lily): Tarasha, by chance these sweets are common in this world?

(Tarasha): well, I think so ... obviously, they are not very popular because to prepare them you need expensive ingredients such as sugar whose refining is difficult and the production by spell consumes a good quality of magical power ... why are you interested? Have you seen them before?

(Lily): yes, I had already eaten them ...

I took a Danish in my hand and contemplated the skill with which they had been made.

(Lily): did you prepare them yourself?

(Tarasha): obviously, they are one of my specialties.

(Lily): well then, can I taste it?

(Tarasha): certainly.

I took a bite.

(Lily'mind '): truly delicious!

(Tarasha): Do you like it?

(Lily): it tastes fantastic!

(Tarasha): well, I'm happy both to your liking, I prepare the Tea.

Tarasha took spheres from the bag, looking more closely I realized that it was herbs and leaves understood and rolled upon themselves.

(Tarasha): ■■ [Create water]

The teapot filled with steaming hot water, Tarasha inserted the spheres inside.

After a short time, he poured the liquid which had taken an amber color in the cups, sat down, and took a croissant.

Without thinking about it, I took the cup and drank the contents in a few seconds, the taste was excellent, I didn't quite understand what herbs there were but it was delicious and perfectly matched the flavor of the Danish.

Without thinking about it, I continued to fill my cup and gobble the tea until the teapot was completely empty.

(Lily): sorry Tarasha, I could not hold back, congratulations also the Tea was very good.

(Tarasha): don't worry so much I wasn't thirsty, besides I'm glad you liked it.

She said it with a smile and a truly disturbing look as if she was plotting something, but I didn't give it any weight.

After a relaxing chat we got up from the table and Tarasha put everything away, unfortunately, I didn't realize that he hadn't even taken a sip from his cup.

(Tarasha): from here on, the floors will start from the hundredth, each level will be numbered and always decreasing in size, today we will go down by 50 floors thus reaching the fiftieth, get ready to go down!

(Lily): I'm ready ... but I have a doubt, if we first met a level 60 monster, going down so low what can we meet?

(Tarasha): do not worry, the giant moles are an exception, also what we have come down to now was not the real dungeon, but a simple entrance to it, you must know that the dungeon extends over a large surface and has more secondary entrances besides this main one.

(Lily'mind '): I understand, this dungeon must be huge ...

We crossed the whole cave to a huge statue, looked like a humanoid figure, was carved on a pedestal, and had no face.

"Stand back," Tarasha said in a calm voice as she approached the pedestal of the statue.

(Tarasha): ■■■■ [Mana transfer]

A blue aura enveloped the fox woman who placed both hands on the pedestal of the statue.

(Lily'mind '): incredible ... the statue moves!

The aura had completely enveloped the statue and after that it had moved, leaving a corridor free with lanterns on both sides, on the architrave of the entrance there was written "100".

(Tarasha): so close! I have almost used up my mana to get it moving, but thanks to that we will quickly get to the twentieth floor without having to switch between weak and annoying monsters.

(Lily): what do you mean? Wasn't it supposed to be the main entrance?

(Tarasha): it is but it is not used by anyone because, in order to enter the statue must be absorbed by a very high number of MPs, for this reason, all adventurers prefer the entrance near the capital or the one on the borders with the sacred empire of Lalostvane.

(Lily'mind '): I wonder how big this dungeon is if it even reaches the borders with another country ...

(Lily): out of pure curiosity ... how much mana did you spend to move the statue?

(Tarasha): about 200 MP why?

(Lily): two hundred !? Wouldn't it have been better for you to destroy it?

(Tarasha): it is a statue made of a particular magic alloy, its hardness is very high and magic has no effect on it.

(Lily): I understand ... you still need to recover mana?

(Tarasha): don't worry, now let's go down quickly, I want you to fight some opponent worthy of the name and maybe learn the skill.

We walked through the entrance and walked what looked like a tunnel hundreds of meters long, at the end of it there was a huge illuminated rectangular room with dozens of doors on the sides and another staircase in the center that went down.

(Tarasha): from this level onwards there will be monsters, obviously, with their silly levels, they will be child's play but pay attention anyway.

"okay" I answered

After that, we went down again, this time the room was slightly darker but both in shape and color it was the same as that of the upper floor, this time however there was written "99" instead of "100".

(Tarasha): this room is a safe place, there are two on each floor, however, to get to the next one we have to go through the territory of the monsters.

We headed into one of the side corridors to the room, they were narrower than the tunnels where we met the giant moles and therefore I decided to change my weapon into a short sword with excellent statistics, Tarasha made my way, he seemed to know perfectly how to move in these narrow corridors.

"scavenger rat," Tarasha said after turning immediately after turning a corner.

(Tarasha): die!

"Wow she's slain it instantly" this I thought after jumping backward almost losing control of my bladder.

(Tarasha): sorry but unfortunately these beings remind me of a dark period of my life.

(Lily): okay, don't worry ... anyway, what do you mean by dark period?

(Tarasha): nothing special ... it's just that during my childhood when I was still a weak and defenseless child, these rats didn't make me sleep at night ...

(Lily): in what sense? Couldn't your parents drive them out or put some mousetraps?

(Tarasha): unfortunately, my parents sold me to a slave trader because they were too poor to take care of me, but I don't want to victimize you also because this is neither the time nor the place to talk about my past, so go on!

Even though I didn't want to be indelicate, I couldn't help asking for more details, like when I liked a character in a game and wanted to discover his lore or like when I was delighted in finding a hidden quest.

(Lily): So there is still market and slave trade in this world? oh, sorry if I touched a sore button, if you don't want to talk about it it doesn't matter ...

(Tarasha): slaves are considered as commodities, and their value depends significantly on race, also because there have been laws that protect the health of human slaves, such as the one where I was born, but not being human, I do not I had the right to be subject to these laws.

It's not that I don't want to talk about it, it's just not the right time, also I warn you, among adventurers, there is an unwritten rule that forbids asking other adventurers from their past.

(Lily): okay, I won't ask for more for now, but could you tell me later how a slave managed to become a strong warrior?

"Maybe later" Tarasha replied with a smile.

We kept going down the floors for at least an hour until we got to floor 81, we didn't meet particularly strong monsters, the one with the highest level was a rock worm level 22.

In the descent, however, I realized two things, the first is that with my stats it made no difference to fight with the level 63 giant mole or a simple level 1 scavenger rat, the second is that I needed to pee, I had a strong stimulus even if I had freed the bladder less than 2 hours before and it was not a sort of suggestion because looking at my statistics I found:

[Bladder fullness]: 83%

(Lily'mind '): it is not possible!

As I looked at the statistics from 83% it rose to 85%, I didn't understand the reason but I knew that in a short time I would have urinated.

Being focused on my bladder doing some hopping dance on the spot and above all looking for a place where I could relieve myself undisturbed I didn't notice Tarasha looking at me with a twinkle in her eyes and a pleasing smile.

(Tarasha): the next will be the 80th floor, from here on there will be no more room to go down but everything will be confused and without a map getting lost is assured.

Tarasha spoke but my mind was focused on my bladder.

Occasionally crossing my legs I managed to reach the 80th floor, there was a round room with the number 80 in the center of the ceiling, in correspondence to it on the floor there was a column made of a mysterious purple crystal and around it was the furrow of a circle.

(Tarasha): this is the teleportation of the dungeon, activating it we would save the descent floor by floor but in addition to the disproportionate activation cost, we risk being sent to too low levels where the major demons live and where even I would struggle to survive, Lily, I wanted to put you in difficulty to unlock an ability but I doubt that even on the 50th floor there are opponents at your height, for this, I would like to use this teleport.

(Lily): Do as you want ... there are no problems for me ...

I couldn't concentrate, I had to pee

"Tarasha, before going to fight can I" I tried to ask but was interrupted.

(Tarasha): If only I had recovered enough mana to activate, I was stupid not to have thought about it ... wait ... Lily, you said you have 300 MP right? Could you give me some please?

(Lily): certainly, but I don't know how ...

(Tarasha): It's simple enough for you to do the same thing you did before but this time with mana.

Tarasha said it with a neutral and stoic face but I could see a slight tinge of red on her cheeks, which made me look down and reminded me of my growing need to relieve myself.

(Lily): okay I'll try ...

I used the skill [Absolute revelation] but I could not see the mana point statistic, so I decided to use ten thousand skill points to get [Absolute revelation] to level 6, what I saw had changed, in addition to the living beings also the rocks had taken a bright orange color, however, Tarasha's visible statistics did not change.

(Tarasha): Lily, can you do it or can't you?

(Lily): wait a moment, please.

I decided to further improve the ability up to level 9, now the colors made everything unrecognizable, I almost found it difficult to find Tarasha's silhouette also because of the growing need to urinate, I tried to activate the easy mode to try to simplify or understand what I saw, and in fact, as soon as activated everything seemed clearer to me, the color did not cover the surface of the objects but only made the contours shine making it more understandable, I also noticed that Tarasha and the column shone much more than the rest of the objects in my field of vision.

I could see all of Tarasha's statistics:

[ID]: Tarasha Tawakhir.

[Race]: Foxkin.

[Age]: 37

[Level]: 82

[Titles]: [ghost hero] [ex bandit leader] [killer] [thief] ...

[Job]: magician, fighter, mercenary ...

[Hierarchy]: viscountess.

Statistics:

[Health Points]: 480

[Health recovery]: [high]

[Vitality]: 28

[Stamina]: 100

[Stamina recovery]: [medium]

[Resistance]: 27

[Mana point]: 46

[Mana recovery]: [medium]

[Magic resistance]: 27

[Soul authority]: 2

[Power of the soul]: 17

[Brain power]: 82

[Come on]: 50

[Agility]: 30

[Dexterity]: 41

[Vision]: 18

[Self-check]: 24

[Bladder]: 73

[Bladder fullness]: 14%

[Bowels]: 82

[Bowels fullness]: 65%

I didn't realize that my need to water the flowers had disappeared into the utter void.

I saw some not very nice titles but I didn't say anything, I could probably even delete them but I decided to do only what I was asked, I tried to write 300 MP but the meter did not go up more than 240, it was probably the maximum that Tarasha's body could hold.

Then immediately afterward I tried to select the purple crystal column.

Ancient artifact:

[Name]: Ferryman's stone.

[Manufacturer]: HIDDEN.

[Owner]: Dungeon master.

[Level]: 666.

[Age]: Unquantifiable.

[Description]: Hidden.

[Property]: Hidden.

Visible statistics:

[Health Points]: 25000

[Mana point]: 0

While I was reading Tarasha after a jolt he spoke to me.

(Tarasha): I'm speechless Lily ... I never thought I could do such a thing but now there is no doubt ... tell me did you use the skill [Absolute revelation]?

(Lily): yes why? Didn't you just ask me?

(Tarasha): I wanted to test you, I couldn't believe you could do such things, tell me how far did you take it? In fact, don't tell me! I could not stand the answer, however, it is incredible, I had doubts about how I had filled my bladder but I could not believe that the explanation was this!

I thought inwardly of the scene of Tarasha slumped on the ground and then I realized that perhaps I had exaggerated but asked me in a too natural way, I could not understand that it was a test.

(Lily): I don't know what to say to you Tarasha, I must confess that I didn't even realize how exaggerated what I was doing ...

As I spoke I looked at the statistics of the column and thought that probably the best thing to do was not to talk about it further and continue with the exploration, so I wrote 240 MP and the column began to shine more intensely.

(Tarasha): Lily! What are you doing!? stop! Stop!

(Lily): I really ...

Tarasha jumped towards me as if to grab me but did not have time and everything went dark.

End prologue! It came out longer than I thought...

