Just a parallel-fantasy world..

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*003*2020-11-01 16:01

It's been a long time ... sorry! If it weren't for the language I'd be writing rp or fiction all day but unfortunately English doesn't want to enter my head, happy reading.

Chapter Two: [Lily the marquise's daughter]

Bright light flooded the room soon after the rebirth of a mighty demon lord.

(Demon lord'mind'): what's up?

Lily and Tarasha had been teleported from the purple column, appeared in the center of a huge room on the 56th floor and at the very moment of their appearance, Kasrildrel's spell [extended sunlight] died away leaving the room in shadow.

(Lily): It worked!

Lily was glad that her idea of overriding the column's mana amount had worked.

(Tarasha'mind ') damn! I must immediately understand how low we went down!

Tarasha was in a state of agitation, after realizing how powerful Lily really was (or so she thought) believed that she had put an excessive amount of mana in the column and consequently had come to a very low floor in the dungeon.

(Lily'mind '): what a huge room! wait ... there are many corpses ... and monsters ...

Lily with her stats giving her good night vision could see various things, from the enormous demon dead minion quality to a kneeling girl (Ileah) standing helpless in front of a muscular blue man who was about to capture her.

(Tarasha): Lily, stay close to me, I feel a dangerous presence ... Lily?

Lily after seeing Ileah's situation yes

She was rash at the demon (Bhuquy) and with a slap made with the back of her hand she made him fly in a straight line until he was thrown on the wall and killing him instantly.

"Are you okay? Did that big man scare you?" Lily told Ileah but received no response, this is because Ileah was completely upset, she had already collapsed from fear but after her sister was used as a tool to summon that beast she no longer had anything to keep her sane.

(Tarasha): ■■■■■ [wider area magic light]

After losing sight of Lily and hearing a thud that shook the room (Bhuquy threw on the wall) Tarasha lost her temper and lit up the room, which made the greater demon and the demon lord aware of their presence.

"Whaaat...the...The Ice Beast Demon Lord!" Tarasha exclaimed before teleporting immediately to Lily's side after locating her.

(Tarasha): Lily, we have to leave quickly, there is a demon lord! Leave this girl and let's run!

Lily was engrossed in checking Ileah's status with [absolute revelation] to understand the reason for her unconsciousness, she cranked up values like mana, health, and stamina and quickly canceled the effects [fear-extreme] [shock] [mind loss] an of which he was a victim, there was also [severe urinary incontinence] but Lily who was already hesitant to cancel the latter was called by Tarasha and then disabled the ability.

(Lily): ah Tarasha, sorry if I activated the column, you turned on the light right? Wait did you just say a demon lord?

Lily looked around again and noticed two frighteningly monstrous figures with at their feet 3 women covered in a substance similar to blood (miasma), 2 of which were writhing and another apparently lifeless, looking at the lifeless bodies of people in tunic and The face of the girl who was slowly regaining color felt a slight anger.

(Tarasha): Yes, it's dangerous, soon follow me, let's escape!

(Lily): No, Tarasha didn't you say we were going to cast a demon? We've got two ahead, help me kill them, and avenge this poor girl!

Lily was also thrilled because she had confronted the situation with a boss fight in an RPG and was a little high.

(Tarasha): Lily ... after watching you for a day I realized you are hiding a force beyond my own understanding ... but a demon lord ... if it were a greater demon or a newly formed demon lord we would have a good chance of win ... but The ice Beast is one of 10 True demon lords, at the lowest rung of gods ...

(Ice Beast): You can know my name, so choose whether to submit or die!

The two demons were watching the scene of Lily killing Bhuquy in an instant and were meditating now they had decided to figure out who these two suddenly appeared.

Meanwhile Lily had analyzed with [Absolute revelation] both the demon lord and his subordinate, respectively level 116 and 73.

Ileah and Methith were also recovering as Kasrildrel and Bradford were stuck in subspace along with the female demon.

(Lily): we aren't surrendering or submitting and also are not going to die.

Lily picked up the greatsword from the depot and aimed it at the Ice Beast.

"insolent girl!" The greater demon screamed before performing a quick swing of the arm that had taken the shape of a large hammer, Lily dodged it easily and with the greatsword threw the greater demon against the wall as she had done with the demon from before.

"Incredible!" Tarasha exclaimed in a low voice.

After seeing that the demon had not died on the spot because it was protected by a shield barrier and that his greatsword had bent so as to make it unusable, Lily looked for a weapon regardless of the appearance since its power had clearly been discovered. (or at least partially), looking through the inventory she chose an all-white sword called [Ravenous blade], it had no enchantment but was labeled both [Magic sword] and [Trigger weapon], Lily thought it was effective against the greater demon and his shield.

(Lily): Tarasha, could you heal the people still alive in the room while I fight? If you see me in trouble please give me magical support.

(Tarasha): Ok, but are you sure you can do it? If you want I can defeat that greater demon or at least keep him busy ...

(Lily): No, alright, make that poor traumatized girl conscious again, I'll be fine, don't worry.

(Ice Beast): girl you're a hero, right? Don't think I'll be killed by a simple hero!

The Ice Beast was in awe, amazed by Lily's behavior and how she had affected her trusted subordinate, obviously having no doubts about her victory (or almost).

"My lord, you don't need to get uncomfortable, let me teach this tough little girl what it's like to see your own useless strength!"

The greater demon who hadn't taken any damage from Lily's blow was happy, plus a probable good fight to prove his power to his lord, he felt a strong desire to make feel the real desperation that he thought was just a little girl a little strong.

~ NO! ~

The Ice Beast stopped the greater demon, his body was being covered with sharp ice flooding his subordinate with terror who on impulse dropped my knees and with his head bowed he said: "if I have offended you forgive me, my lord!"

Tarasha was also hit by the wave of terror but it did not affect her much because at the moment she was on the opposite side of the huge room where she had already brought the bodies of Methith, Ileah, and the two priestesses.

(Ice Beast): You didn't do anything wrong, but I want to take care of this human hero personally!

As soon as he declared this, the demon lord clapped a paw hard and the floor of the whole room was covered with a thick layer of ice in less than the blink of an eye.

(Lily): Did you think you were blocking me?

“Watch out!” Tarasha yelled, who had easily prevented the ice from covering her and the others thanks to a flame spell.

Before Tarasha's words reached Lily, a huge stalactite popped from the ceiling and knocked Lily to the ground, who had jumped up to avoid being blocked by the ice.

(Tarasha): LILY!

The frozen ice from the impact formed a large concentration of frost which engulfed the demon lord and Lily and blocked Tarasha's view until a loud clang swept away all the suspended ice crystals, Lily's Ravenous blade, and The Ice Beast's right horns were pressed against each other, rustling and emitting sparks.

Obviously, Lily's strength was infinitely superior to that of the Demon Lord, however, Lily did not want a one-sided fight, she wanted to learn some skills and she understood that to do it she had to need them in some way, for this she had made herself hit on purpose by clenching her fists. and closing her eyes ready to take the blow of the stalactite, due to its very high statistics, however, she felt nothing but a light touch.

"My compliments young human, now I have no more doubts, you are a hero, right? The purple color of your hair and your monstrous strength leave me no doubt.

(Lily'mind '): a hero ...

Lily didn't answer because she didn't feel like a hero and didn't want to have stupid talks with a demon.

(Ice Beast): It couldn't be otherwise! You are a hero and I am a Demon Lord, we must kill each other, for this now you die!

(Lily'mind '): The fact that I kill you is certain ...

The body of the Demon Lord i is covered with ice crystals and they have begun to glow with purple light.

(Lily'mind '): I feel a strange tension ...

Mild [pulling] and [tingling] sensations as if she had goosebumps they could be felt by Lily.

(Lily'mind '): what is this feeling ...

At that moment Lily instinctively opened the chat

(Chat): Skill [danger tellteller] obtained

(Lily'mind '): what does it mean? If a skill should unlock when you need it...

"Danger tellteller..." Lily said to herself in a low voice.

(Lily'mind '): If I need it right now does that mean that purple glow is dangerous?

Lily's thoughts were very fast, she didn't know what to do exactly, she felt slightly restless.

(Lily'mind '): Her stats are too inferior to mine to be a danger...wait, maybe?

Lily instantly activated [Absolute revelation] and re-read the demon lord skills:

Skill [Fast regeneration] Skill [ice cold resistance] Skill [human translated language] Skill [demonic language] Skill [Chant]...Unique skill [Overwhelming barrier pass]

(Lily'mind '): Overwhelming barrier pass ... can it harm me maybe?

After about a second of Lily's reasoning, the purple light became more intense, almost blinding, and in Lily, the fear increased from simple concern to mild fear.

"Well ... if it can be dangerous I just have to kill him before he does ... whatever he's about to do ...

Lily squeezed the [Ravenous blade] tightly and with a momentum strong enough to smash all the ice and crack the hard rock ground, she rushed at The Ice Beast and cut off his head with a wobble that caused the room to blow who almost lifted Tarasha off the ground who was on the other side giving recovery potions to Ileah, Methith, and the two priestesses.

~ thud ~

Everyone in the room was shocked, some more, some less.

The purple light emitted by the demon lord was instantly extinguished and his big head fell to the ground making a thud and rolled to the feet of the greater demon, whose face was warped with terror..

The lifeless body of The Ice Beast gradually became a purplish mist that was quickly absorbed by Lily's sword, changing its color.

(Chat):

.

.

.

Unique skill [Overwhelming barrier pass] interrupted;

[Ice Beast demon lord] has been defeated (+ 1Xp);

[Demon lord slayer] title obtained;

A legacy was obtained;

[Ravenous blade] ready for priming;

(Tarasha): ■■■ [Dimensional lock]

"Where do you think you're going?" Tarasha told the greater demon that he was about to teleport away.

The demon now cornered with Tarasha who was approaching him and Lily who had killed her great lord with a single blow, did not know what to do now.

He decided to at least kill Tarasha in the name of his lord, from his own body, the demon pulled out a magical staff with a human skull on top and started throwing an infinite number of spells at Tarasha.

(Greater demon): ■■ [dark flames] ■■■ [explosive cataclysm] ■■ [Black lightning] ...

Tarasha had nothing to fear, she had prepared a counterspell just in case and when the first spell hit her it made her immune to all others for a short time, which allowed her to calmly heal herself from the first demonic flames and prepare her attack, or at least that's what she wanted to do because Lily screamed "TARASHA!" and threw his sword at the greater demon, this time no barrier appeared to protect him and the sword pierced him killing him instantly.

(Chat):

.

.

.

[Greater demon] was killed;

A legacy was obtained.

(Lily): Tarasha how are you? Did he just hit you with those attacks? He did not?

(Tarasha): all right Lily, don't worry...rather, I thought it was not possible but I underestimated you, you exterminated them with disconcerting ease...apart from you aren't you scared at least a little? Shouldn't you be used to certain things? Or am I wrong?

(Lily): you're right, in my world there are no such monstrous living beings but for this reason, they didn't impress me that much, maybe I'm still thinking inside me that this is a dream or a game ...

(Lily'mind '): ...Also because their stats were soooo lower compared to mine.

(Tarasha): I understand...

(Tarasha'mind '): and I was sure she piss herself like the other inhabitants of another world in their early days here ... besides ... I forgot about it but after the trick, she gave me I made her drink an absurd amount of tea and diuretics...how can he not feel even the slightest discomfort ... that he is immune thanks to some skill? No, I would swear I saw her bounce on the spot and hold back with great evidence...yet she is totally calm...that she quietly relieved herself? Or maybe she's wearing a diaper? Who knows...I will still have my revenge at a more opportune time!

(Lily): Tarasha hey, what's that blank stare? Alright?

(Tarasha): Yes, I was just lost in my thoughts!

(Lily): ...Ok, anyway thank you for giving me the chance to fight both ways and at the same time save somebody in this world ... by the way, did you manage to put the girls out there?

(Tarasha): Yes, apart from the two priestesses who they had direct contact with the miasma the other two should recover in moments, actually, now I think they are just sleeping, shall we go to wake them up?

(Lily): I agree, I'm curious to hear what happened before we arrived!

(Lily'mind '): The girl I saw earlier had [high nobility] [marquise's daughter] as a hierarchy, who knows what rich prizes await me!

Lily and Tarasha arrive at the feet of the girls lying on the floor in a small area not covered by ice.

(Lily'mind '): I didn't notice it before ... maybe because of the low lighting ... or maybe because of the easy mode that blocks part of my sense of smell?

(Lily): Tarasha ... am I wrong or have all these girls had ... more or less heavy accidents?

(Tarasha): If you mean the misfortunes they have suffered, isn't it obvious? But if you mean "that" kind of accident ... it's not obvious anyway, the stains leave no doubt, right? After all ... I know you may not have realized it ... but the opponent you killed was a mighty demon lord, he could have annihilated a small nation if we had let him form an army of demons, it's normal wetting or soiling yourself in front of some!

(Lily): I understand ... so let's see, how should we wake them up? If I just shake them, do they risk something?

(Tarasha): I don't think you'll wake them up with this ease, I think we should take them in a safe place and let them rest.

Lily had already activated Absolute revelation, restored their stats, and cleared abnormal statuses except for [incontinence].

~ yawn ~

Ileah, the first one whose abnormal states were removed had woken up on her own, obviously, she was not clear-headed and her memories were vague due to the shock.

(Ileah'mind '): wow, I think I had a horrible dream ... what is this smell ... I had a sleeping accident ... wait ... where am I? Was it a dream right?

Ileah still lying downturned her head towards the figures of Tarasha and Lily.

"Lily!" Ileah yelled as she jumped in her direction and squeezed her tightly to his chest, "sniff...sniff... I'm so happy!" Where did you get this gorgeous dress? Are you OK? "Oh, mom will be so happy!"

(Tarasha): hmmm ... do you know each other?

"Actually no ..."

"And my sister!"

(Ileah): Huh? What do you say Lily ... no need to joke...

Ileah looked around the room and a drop of cold sweat ran down her right temple.

(Tarasha): Lily, she's probably still in a state of obvious confusion, after all those demons were terrifying ...

"ah I understand...hey, don't worry, it's all over now," Lily said and then returned Ileah's hug.

(Ileah): It wasn't a dream ... Methith! Where are you! Bradford! Kasrildrel!

Lily: calm down, a girl named Methith is next to you, as for the others I don't know where they could be, I don't want to sadden you but they are hardly safe if they were in this room.

(Ileah): ... I understand ... will Methith be okay?

(Tarasha): Yeah, she just went too far with the magic, with the potion I made her drink she should recover in moments.

(Ileah): ah ... thanks, if I may ask ... who are you?

(Tarasha): I'm just a woman who lives in the forest, I was showing the maze to my new apprentice Lily and luckily for you, we ran into you.

(Ileah): ... apprentice? Lily? What do you mean? Lily, do you know her?

(Lily): well ... yes, anyway ... how do you know my name? Have we seen this before?

(Ileah): sister ... still joking, it seems like a good time, look at the moment when I saw you in the hands of demons I almost died myself! You shouldn't be joking after the huge danger we've been in!

(Tarasha): Lily, I think her confusion is worse than expected, she is mistaking you for her sister ... she must have some amnesia or something that has altered her memories...

"in her negative statuses, however, I don't see anything like that" thought Lily, and then started counting "1,2,3,4 ... wait"

(Lily): Tarasha, wasn't there another person with these two priestesses?

(Tarasha): yes ... but it was unrecoverable, unfortunately...Lily, being careful not to slip, ran on the frozen floor to the center of the room where the evocation had taken place, found the body of a girl under the layer of ice and blood, pulled her out immediately by breaking the plate with the knob of her sword, once freed from the ice Lily looked closely at her face.

(Lily'mind '): Do I remember correctly? No, it's identical...

Then he turned it slowly;

"Fuck! there's probably nothing more for her to do..." thought Lily after seeing the huge gash on the girl's back then activating [Absolute revelation].

[ID]: Lilith Trustmogs

[Race]: human

[Age]: 17

[Level]: 20

.

.

.

[Health points]: 0

[Mana point]: 0

[Soul power]: 28 (high)

.

.

.

Skill [Space magic] (Lv 1);

Skill [Fire magic] (Lv 1);

Unique skill [Soul immortality] ...

While analyzing Lilith's body, Lily as if still in her old world tried to feel her heartbeat, thinking that even if the HP was at 0, just showing her the status indicated that she wasn't really dead, but as soon as he touched it though:

(Chat):

The Human [Lilith Trustmogs] use the unique skill [Soul immortality];

.

You partially resisted [Temporary soul modulation];

.

Part of [Lilith Trustmogs] soul has invaded your body;

.

Most of your body has rejected the invading soul;

.

The soul of [Lilith Trustmogs-fracted] shares ownership of your body part;

.

[Lilith Trustmogs] asks permission to speak to you, agree? [Yes] or [No]

(Lily'mind '): ...?

With a burst of purple light the girl's hair lifted and shed the miasma that covered them, showing a fascinating purple color, Lily's hand became warm to the touch and a dozen messages appeared to her, obviously, she could not understand what had happened even though he suspected it was the girl's unique ability.

(Ileah): what's up sister? Who's that girl?

Ileah in the meantime had reached Lily, but the latter has other things to worry about did not pay attention and the words came out of her mouth: "she's your sister..."

(Ileah): huh? Lilith, what are you saying?

(Lily'mind '): Oops!

(Lily): well...

Lily didn't quite know how to behave, even though she tried to reset Lilith's stats and remove any negative statuses there were two things she couldn't remove: [corporal death] and [Miasma corruption (Irreversible)], then she remembered the last message and chose [Yes].

(Ileah): huh?

(Lilith): Thank goodness! Fortunately, you accepted!

(Lily'mind '): huh?

(Lilith): Can you feel me right?

Lily after a moment of confusion put the pieces together.

(Lily'mind '): Are you this girl's sister?

(Lilith): yes, pleasure my name is Lilith Trustmogs and as long as you allow me I will be able to live inside you!

(Lily): Let's say that I arrived here alone, I would like to know how this is possible ...

Lily didn't feel strange apart from this voice in her head, she didn't feel controlled and she was calm because she decided whether to listen or not and at what volume she heard Lilith's voice, moreover even if she didn't know exactly how he thought he could easily get rid of it if he wanted to.

(Lilith): you know ... so ... I know you won't believe it but I met a god ... and I was granted a particular power, I can't explain what it is but I always felt a feeling of tranquility in the face of danger, and today when my body is "dead" I understood why probably my soul is let's say immortal or almost ... in reality, I don't even know it but I have the feeling more than anything else...

Lilith explained her point of view while Ileah looked perplexed not understanding well, Lily finally decided after just a minute of reflection how to behave, put Lilith's body in the inventory, and said: "I'll get you back in your body, meanwhile you will me ... or inside me ... okay? ".

(Lilith): Thanks Lily, I don't know how to thank you, not that I can do it right now ... let's say that one day I will find a way to make up for it, now could you say goodbye to my sister for me?

Lily clearly felt a deep sense of discomfort from Lilith, even if the tone of her voice did not change in the slightest even with the transmission of thought between the souls, the feelings of a girl who refrained from crying because she thought she could never see her again transpired. sister.

(Lily'mind '): silly! Do you think my promise is just some words in the wind? I said I'll get you back into your body so don't be sad ok? Also, why would you say goodbye to your sister, from what I understand we two are alike right?

(Lilith): You don't want to...

(Lily'mind '): Oh absolutely!

"Ileah, sorry, I didn't mean nonsense, forgive me but I'm a bit confused, I might have some memory lapses ... anyway it's all over now right?" Lily said after hugging Ileah tightly.

"Lilith ... you made me worry," Ileah replied, eyes swollen with tears.

(Lilith): Don't take certain liberties by pretending to be me!

(Lily'mind '): mhm silly for now I'm you! Anyway, tell me if I'm acting weird okay? And above all, you must do nothing without my permission, okay?

(Lilith): You can count on me ... Lily ... thanks!

This time Lily felt strong joy and gratitude.

(Lily'mind '): don't think that I do it for you ... maybe a little bit for you too but the one who "benefits" the most is me, then I'll tell you about me in due course, now I have to explain to Tarasha what 'it happened...

Coughing sounds echoed in the room.

(Tarasha): You've finally recovered!

(Methith): w..what? To Foxkin? Where's Ileah, where's the demon? Are Bradford and Kasrildrel OK?

"If you mean the demon lord I and ..." before he could finish the sentence Tarasha found himself there

Mouth blocked by a hand coming out of nowhere, it was Lily obviously, who made the classic silent sign: "shhh" with her index finger on her half-closed mouth and her right eye winking.

(Tarasha'mind '):...

(Tarasha): I was saying that I took care of the demons, don't worry!

(Methith): Thanks! Thank you so much!

(Ileah): Lily, of course, you're fast, anyway can I ask you where did you get those clothes?

(Lily): huh? Ah, these? Tarasha gave them to me after he saved me, I was going to die but he saved me and since my clothes were ripped he gave me some extras!

(Tarasha'mind '): she is good at lying, who knows

How many things she invented...

(Tarasha): Let's also say that you have had more than one accident and that I also had to give you a cloth to clean yourself and some new panties!

"... that was a lie!" Lily wanted to say it but looking at Methith's and Ileah's heavily soiled clothes she fell silent in sympathy and just blushed, obviously also because she had no plausible explanations to give.

(Methith): Did Ileah, Kasrildrel, and Bradford show up anymore?

Ileah shook her head

(Lily): You mentioned them from before, who do these names belong to?

(Methith): They are part of the group to save her from demons my lady, they were mine 

Acquaintances, indeed companions!

(Tarasha): What happened to him?

(Methith): They were sucked into a powerful spell cast by an average demon!

(Tarasha): A spell ... a subspace?

(Methith): yes, a copy of purgatory...I think.

(Tarasha): The situation then is serious ... if the spell was recently cast and the user is dead they are probably not in danger because the magical power that powers the demons of the subspace has disappeared, the problem is that if we do not act promptly, the subspace itself could vanish with all its contents ... I could do something myself, I don't know if the magic power will be enough for me though ...

"I'll take care of that," Lily said in a confident tone.

(Methith + Ileah): Huh?

(Lily): I meant I'll do what I can if you tell me how to help you Tarasha, I believe in you, you saved us all, you are definitely a powerful sorceress right?

(Methith + Ileah): Ah!

(Tarasha): I will do everything possible, to get them out it will take 2 spells, one to locate the link to the subspace and one to open it, as for the first one I will have to use my ace in the hole, Absolute revelation!

(Methith): Oh, how did you get such a cheap skill?

(Tarasha): This fox has its secrets, now leave it to me!

Tarasha and Lily activated [Absolute revelation] simultaneously

(Lily + Tarasha'mind '): Found it!

"Now that I have located it, the complicated part arrives, I have to forcibly insert magical energy inside it to open a hole, then I have to throw a magic rope inside it that binds to itself all the human life forms it finds and lastly I have to make him collapse on himself! " Tarasha said.

(All'mind '): complicated!

Lily began to constantly replenish Tarasha's mana pool with MP which began the procedure.

{In the subspace of purgatory}

(Kasrildrel): Hey Bradford, do you think Methith will be able to get us out?

(Bradford): no, I don't think, it's been too long, Kas, resigned they will never get us out of here, we have tried them all, now we have to resign ourselves and not waste what are probably the last moments of life we have.

(Kasrildrel): Don't bullshit, do you think I give up so easily? Have we really tried everything to get out? There will be a way, we just have to find it!

(Magrana): it is useless, as long as he is alive it will not be possible to go out, and even if he died, a wizard expert in space magic would be needed, resign yourself and thank you for not being devoured by demonic hounds just because that fool will be busy in resurrecting our lord ...

(Kasrildrel): So did you know how to get out of here? You're making me have second thoughts about leaving you alive out of pity!

(Magrana): how dare you form of inner life!

(Kasidrel): spoke the girl who messed up in her pants!

(Bradford): I'm starting to think that if you weren't of different species you'd be made for each other ...

(Kasrildrel + Magrana): shhh! Shut up !!

~ thud ~

(Kasrildrel): Did you hear?

(Magrana + Bradford):?

~ thud ~

~ crash ~

"What happens?"

(Magrana): impossible! How can anyone have such magical power!

A set of cracks wrapped the sky of the subspace and a golden rope made its way from one of them and penetrated into purgatory until it touched the ground and wrapped itself around the ankles of the three.

(Kasrildrel): our sorceress is good!

(Bradford): Methith ... sorry if I underestimated you!

(Magrana'mind '): how is it possible ... I can understand killing that bastard but our old leader could easily stand up to a hero alone ... no way!

The subspace imposed and the rope brought them all back.

(Methith): Bradford, Kasrildrel, I'm so happy to see you again! How are you? Was it hard in purgatory?

Methith ran to embrace his fellow adventurers.

~ sniff sniff ~

(Kasrildrel): Looks like it was harder for you huh?

Kasrildrel returned Methith's embrace, shamelessly touching the flattened bulge on his rear as he giggled.

(Methith): hey! It's not funny, I would like to see you what you would have done in my situation! You know there was also a greater demon and a demon lord, I think you would have passed out before you even realized the piss dripping between your legs!

(Kasrildrel): Come on, don't get mad, wait, what...a demon lord? How is it possible? Did they summon it?

(Lily): Yes, they used me as a link, luckily Tarasha saved us from passing by.

Eyes focused on Tarasha.

(Tarasha): Yes, that's it ...

(Bradford): Everything went well then, let's take Lilith to the Marquis and collect the reward, of course, we will report and get you a prize honorable lady Tarasha.

(Tarasha): thank you but there is no need, I have other things to do and now I have abandoned the cities.

(Ileah): We insist, I can't let go of my and my sister's savior!

Ileah jumped on Lily and hugged her again.

(Chat):

[Resistance limit (bladder)] exceeded;

[Continence penalty] added;

[Release] started.

Lily did not understand at first but after a moment she noticed a familiar warmth coming from below.

(Lily): How the fuck is that possible!

The pink briefs were instantly soaked and urine began to slide down her thighs, Lily reflexively opened her stats panel:

[Bladder]: 100 (25)

[Bladder fullness]: 191%

[Bowels]: 100

[Bowels fullness]: 199%

Lily didn't understand why but she was literally bursting without realizing it, she had to do something but she couldn't think of anything, she couldn't escape or hide what was happening to her ...: "unless" ... she thought of a sneakily, he used Absolute revelation to fill Ileah's bladder she was holding onto and made her have an accident to mask hers.

~ PSSSSSSSSSHHH ~

A loud hiss could be heard, it was Ileah's bladder filled with 200% that was released under high pressure in the poor girl's already dishonored clothes, bathing Lily as well as herself obviously.

(Ileah): Ahhh fsh! How bad, sorry Lily!

(Lily): sorry sister, well, now I just have to stop!

(Lily'mind '): ....... why can't I hold back !?

(Chat):

To regain control of the desired muscles it is necessary to deactivate [easy mode], deactivate [yes] [no]

Obviously Lily immediately chose yes and all of a sudden the feeling of having bowels and bladders full of the double was felt, Lily had never experienced anything like this, it was an incredibly painful experience as if her insides were about to literally explode.

~ pssshh ~

~ fffrrssh ~

~ blorrpt ~

Lily slumped to the ground just like Ileah who was still emptying her bladder and released wet farting and other small jets of pee.

(Lily'mind '): What the fuck can I do !?

Lily had stopped the flow momentarily, thanks to her incredible physical strength and self-control and was not in pain that anyone else would have felt thanks to the incredible resistance, yet she was completely immobilized, she felt defeated, at a step of total humiliation, she also tried to lower their fullness rates but couldn't strangely lower them.

Probably if Lily knew how easy mode works and hadn't had Lilith's soul in her body she could have gotten away with it, in fact, she would have avoided an accident, however ...

(Lilith): Lily ... why did you make my sister have an accident? To cover your fucking baby incontinence with a pacifier and diaper? I don't usually care but you pay me for this!

Lilith shared Lily's body and although she couldn't normally interfere now that Lily didn't have the easy way to keep her focus on isolating Lilith's commands from her body and her total focus was on blocking both exits. "Lilith had to do nothing but imagine a blissful release and gently push to make Lily completely lose control.

(Lily'mind '): wait ... you don't want to ... stop!

~ FFFBLARCH ~

~ BLORT ~

~ PSSSSSSSSSHHH ~

A glance first of pain at a last vain resistance, then of bliss at the enormous relief and then of embarrassment at the humiliation appeared in succession on Lily's face.

Poor [Emily's panties], she thought.

Lily, she had the feeling of having a soft bowling ball in her probably unrecoverable pink panties, the skirt probably hadn't been badly damaged and the boots would have dried, however ...

(Chat):

[Limit of resistance (bowels)] exceeded;

[Continence penalty] added;

Title: [Incontinent girl] acquired.

(Tarasha'mind '): They took some time to work ... well, at least my revenge went through!

(Methith): And now what happened ?!

(Kasrildrel): surely they are sisters, huh, they both can't stay clean for more than an hour hahaha!

(Tarasha): And luckily I just gave you some spare clothes! Miss, you will have nothing else from me.

(Ileah'mind '): if I hadn't given my clean clothes too ...

Lily was embarrassed and guilty about making Ileah suffer, she didn't know about the diuretics and laxatives that Tarasha had put in her breakfast or about Lilith's "little nudge" that had caused her release, she also understood that with the easy activated things like the need to go was overshadowed and she felt stupid for postponing her physiological needs.

(Lilith): Lily ... sorry, I acted on impulse because I saw my sister's weeping eyes ...

(Lily'mind ') huh? What do you mean?

(Lilith'mind '): He doesn't know ...

(Lilith): No nothing, just know that I felt a strong sense of anger ...

(Lily'mind '): ... oh ... right you see and hear everything ... Ileah is your sister and I used her as a diversion to try to cover up my stupid childishness ... sorry Lilith!

(Lilith): hmm, so ... I think I can understand you, however never do it again, it is dishonorable for a young lady to have an accident ... however I cannot deny that I am fascinated by your ability...if it ever happens I would like me I taught it ... only for ... academic reasons!

(Bradford): Okay, now we can go back to the castle, on the march!

(Lily): Wait for a second! I would like to change first and then talk to Tarasha for a moment, if you want you can start

Go, I'll join you!

(Kasrildrel): Oh? Do you forget to wander more than 10 meters from me until we leave the dungeon, and where else would you find other clothes? do you want to ask this foxkin? cone if our debt is not high enough, look around, you are not the only one to have had an accident, hold on until we get to your father's castle, and don't make a fuss!

(Lily'mind '): Right, your level is low, I think it's about 20 right?

(Lilith): Yes, why?

(Lily'mind '): ok then let's put it as "public level", also, can you use some kind of archiving magic?

(Lilith): Yeah ... but I can't keep more than a few gold coins or an extra magic wand in it ...

(Lily): What about the underwear?

(Lilith): a pair of knickers should be content, why?

(Lily): No, I could never ask my savior for more, and even if I don't have any spare clothes with me, I carry a clean pair of panties with me!

(Ileah): Clean panties? Sister, how can you keep all those things? I can't carry more than one parchment either ...

(Lily): Well, you know I only brought spare panties with me ...

(Ileah): huh? How is it possible? Didn't you always say to bring some emergency money with you and that is why you could never help me get the pastries from the kitchen? Why this choice?

(Lily): I just thought I would need them ...

(Ileah'mind '): I begin to think that hiding coins have always been an excuse ... how cute my little sister hiding her little problems, one day I will catch her in fragrant!

(Kasrildrel): hahaha, and good girl, so I like you, you know that you will piss yourself and get ready accordingly, good!

Everyone laughed, especially Tarasha and Lily blushed slightly.

(Methith): So? What are you waiting for to change?

(Lily): I can't do it in front of everyone, it's embarrassing! I'll go around that corner, Tarasha come with me, I need to talk to you in private.

(Ileah'mind '): who knows what they will have to say...

(Bradford): I can't allow it, even though he saved us all now you are under our responsibility!

(Lily): What do you want to come and spy on me? What are you a pervert?

Bradford was stunned, appalled by the accusation.

(Bradford):...

(Kasrildrel): Oh come on, that Foxkin would easily be able to kill us all, letting her go for a few minutes won't cause any problems.

(Methith): I volunteer to follow them at due distance...even if I don't think I can stop her.

(Tarasha): folks, a little bit of confidence, you have nothing to worry about ...

(Bradford): You're right, hurry up though!

(Lily): ok!

Lily and Tarasha walked through the huge hall and then turned behind a wall that took them out of the group's field of vision.

(Tarasha): did you poop yourself huh?

(Lily): shhh! Shut up!

(Tarasha): However how come that girl treats you as if you were her sister and those people want to take you to a castle? What have you been brainwashing everyone? Don't tell me you're fooling me too?

(Lily): Do I look that kind of person ???

(Tarasha): No, I know I know, I was joking.

(Lily): it's hard to explain but as far as I understand my outward appearance is the same as that of Lilith, daughter of the Marquis Trustmogs and sister of Ileah, now thanks to a strange ability of Lilith her soul lives in me ...

(Tarasha): Do you share the body?

(Lily): I actually feel it more like a voice in my head, I don't think it can do anything with my body ... wait!

(Lily'mind '): does it have something to do with it ?!

Lily touched the big bulge on her rear that she had flattened slightly with the short walk.

(Lilith): huh? I? Nonono, how can you think that?

The emotions that transpired from Lilith's voice did nothing but increase Lily's suspicion, she didn't want to insist because she understood the reason but wanted to take revenge, not so much because she felt a grudge but because she was fascinated by the idea of a funny trick.

(Lily): Anyway Tarasha, apparently for some time I will take the identity of Lilith, I will use the possibilities to learn something about this world, etc., I wanted to thank you, I hope that one day we can meet again, of course, if you have changed your mind and you want to go to the castle of the marquis, we postpone the greetings until later ...

(Tarasha): no, I will not come to the castle, however, it is I who thank you, Lily, I was able to witness the defeat of a demon lord, a show that is priceless and I was pleased to meet you, now I go, I hope that one day there we will meet, you are a particular girl.

After those words, Tarasha disappeared.

(Lily): Wait ... you could have helped me clean up while you were there ...

It was time for Lily to inspect the damage, now she was alone ... apart from Lilith, first, she undid her black skirt which she placed on the floor, Emily's pink panties were in pretty good shape in the partially lit cave, the front beyond to be completely soaked and in shades more purple than pastel pink, she was very tight making her femininity extremely pronounced and visible, the back instead was totally messed, fortunately, the mess was for the most part solid but whit the big quantity, the panties are irrecoverable, also in her old world.

Lily took off her boots and slowly slipped her panties down her legs being careful not to get any further dirty, once removed she decided to put them in the inventory to make them disappear quickly from her sight, she took a new pair of Emily's panties of gray color, she also noticed that she had 6 pairs left, and after a quick wipe with a wet cloth and a dry one she put them on, put on her wet boots which gave her a squishy and cold feeling, her skirts smelly and went back to the group.

(Lily): Now we can go to the castle!

*004*2021-08-03 23:06

Unfortunately, I have not written for long and this story is in my opinion too complicated to go on and badly written from the beginning, I will start another one (from zero) soon, (today or tomorrow)

Chapter Three [The Trustmogs Family] part 1

After a quick clean, Lily returned to the group.

(Methith): What about Tarasha?

(Lily) : if she is gone, she is not the type who wants to receive recognition or rewards.

(Ileah): So can we go home now?

(Kasrildrel): Unfortunately, we still have a problem to solve.

Kasrildrel turned his gaze to the chained Magrana demon.

(Magrana): What?

(Kasrildrel): It's clear that now that we're out we don't need you anymore, we can kill you.

(Magrana): eh ... no wait, now that my master has been defeated can't you free me? I'm not hostile to humans!

(Kasrildrel): Are you stupid? You tried to kill us and who knows how many people you killed, at least waiting for you to be executed!

(Magrana): but I ... I ask for mercy!

(Lily): Can you swear it?

(Kasrildrel + Magrana): EH?

(Methith): Yes, sure, I swear! I swear to Demon God!

(Ileah): but lily! Don't you remember what they did to you? They kidnapped you and used you as a sacrifice to summon a demon lord and to subdue humans ... you can't leave such a demon unpunished!

[Lilith]: Lily, my sister is right what the heck is going through your head!

(Lily): I did not say that I will free her, I am just saying that she does not deserve a charitable end such as death, she must suffer in prison for the rest of her life.

(Magrana): but ... the life of demons is infinite ...

(Lily) : well, better this way.

(Kasrildrel): Oh, an interesting idea, I support you.

(Methith): We can't risk Kasrildrel getting free, we can kill her here.

(Bradford): She can't break free from those chains, besides giving useful information on how to fight demons, I also agree.

(Ileah): But Lily ...

(Lily): Let's do it, you decide Ileah, we'll do as you want.

Magrana looked at Ileah with pleading eyes, she looked like a defenseless puppy in front of the headlights of a car.

(Ileah): ... only as long as you help me torture her well Lily!

(Lily) : oh I promise you she will remember it for quite a while.

(Methith): So ... let me "clean up" and then we can leave.

(Ileah): ... me too, please ...

Lily couldn't help but feel guilty at the sight of Ileah's ultra-soaked robes.

(Lily): I'll help you sister, come with me.

(Kasrildrel): I'll come to guard you in case there's any monster, Bradford makes sure that demon doesn't do something weird.

(Magrana): I too would like to clean myself ...

(Kasrildrel): Shut up!

(Lily'mind ') sexy ... Ileah's body is amazing.

[Lilith]: Don't think weird about my sister, please!

As Ileah dried herself as she could with wind magic, Lily admired her well-proportioned body as Kasrildrel turned her back and played with a knife.

"Do you think there is hope for" them "?" Ileah said holding a pair of dirty panties.

(Lily): ... no I don't think so.

Ileah threw off her panties and put on Methith's dress and light armor, the white skirt of her dress had taken on most of the hem a pale shade of yellow which Lily greatly appreciated.

After cleaning the group began to walk out of the dungeon, they encountered some monsters along the way but managed to eliminate them easily, Bradford carried both priestesses while Kasrildrel dragged the chained Magrana demon, Lily who could fight to not make the group suspicious was limited talking to Lilith to whom she told part of her story.

(Methith): It's almost night! I can't walk anymore!

(Kasrildrel): Why don't you float like your usual?

(Methith): I ran out of all magical power!

(Kasrildrel): then walk and do not make a fuss, we will soon arrive, here look in front of us there are the horses.

(Methith): How do we do it? We are five, two unconscious priestesses and a captive demon, there are only 3 horses ...

(Ileah): How is it possible where is mine?

(Bradford): Did you tie him up?

(Ileah): no ... why did I have to?

(Kasrildrel): Okay, then let's do this, Bradford will take the two priestesses on a horse, I will take care of a girl and the demon and you Methith will take the other one okay?

(Ileah): I'll go with you, I won't allow that demon to be on the same horse as my sister!

After everyone mounted their horses, they left for Trustmogs Castle.

~ pssh ~

A splash of urine slightly darkened the forehead of her gray panties without Lily noticing.

{In Trustmogs castle in a dark place}

An old man whose face was covered by a black mask peeked out from behind a large ampoule filled with blood-like liquid [Miasma]

(Orrun Trustmogs): I created a mercenary group to keep the adventurers' guild from agitating over the death of their members and are you telling me that those three survived?

A being made up and down with both evidence that he found himself.

(Orrun Trustmogs): So the summon was unsuccessful and my niece is still alive?

"No, from that I understand the evocation was successful but due to an intrusion by strangers, my lord was annihilated, "said one of the heads of the being in a hoarse voice.

(Orrun): I can hardly believe it ... okay, report what happened to the club, get in touch with the spiritualist, and find out who that intruder is.

"I carry out your Excellency's orders," said the figure who had now hidden his presence.

{At the main gate of the Town of Trustrifehall}

~ hsss ~

(Lily'mind '): Again !?

[Lilith]: Do something! We have arrived in the city, don't you dare to have an accident in front of everyone now that you are me!

(Lily'mind '): it's not my fault, I didn't drink anything and it's not been long since ... you known ... I think something happened to me ...

"Continence penalty" ... that phrase echoed in Lily's ears, after her bladder fullness exceeded 200%, without her noticing due to the easy mode, and she had an accident, she was given a penalty from chat.

.

.

.

[Bladder]: 100 (25)

[Bladder fullness]: 45%

[Bowels]: 100 (50)

[Bowels fullness]: 31%

.

.

.

"How is it possible that she has filled me up so quickly and how is it possible that she is losing control with every irregular movement of the horse with only 45%!"

Lily had this in mind for a while and could not give herself an explanation, the percentage of fullness, from when she observed it oscillated between 40 and 46, if she went up too much, a curve of the crotch was enough to make them squirt in the now completely soaked panties, luckily Methith hadn't noticed yet.

If Lily had reread the chat she would have realized that it was Tarasha's diuretics and laxatives.

The thing that scared Lily the most was the fact that despite her easy mode being turned off she didn't dislike any stimuli.

(Lily'mind '): I will not have irreparably damaged my poor bladder ...

[Lilith]: Don't worry, you can do something with magic, after all, you have a power beyond common sense.

(Lily'mind '): as I have already explained to you I do not know magic and I have no skills to adjust my bladder stats, even Absolute revelation only allows me to modify that of others!

[Lilith]: Is this how you got my sister wet?

(Lily'mind '): oops, right ... sorry.

[Lilith]: It's Ileah you should apologize to! However, it's great that you not only can see all your stats without a mirror of the truth! And you can also see and alter those of others ... really useful, I'm jealous, to say the least!

"Do you say all my statistics?" ... "and yet there are parameters that cannot be expressed in numbers or at least not with a single number ... or maybe"

Lily looked back at her stats:

.

.

.

[Bladder +]: 100 (25)

.

.

.

(Lily'mind '): Has that "+" always been there?

(Chat):

To access more specific data, you need to activate the easy mode, proceed?

[Yes] [No];

Lily was a little reluctant to activate easy mode after her accident, but now that she didn't feel the need to go to the bathroom and was pissing on her she didn't care so much if the easy mode was on or not so she chose. [Yes]

.

.

.

{Bladder "extra information"}:

Capacity: 100 (40)

Resistance: 100 (10)

Day Luck: 100 (50)

Night Luck: 50 (0)

Breaking point: 200% (50%)

.

Active Effects:

[Bad luck at night lv1-bedwetter title (She who wets the bed)]

Active penalties:

Ability -60; Resistance -90; Day Luck -50; Night Luck -50; 

Break point 150% ...

(Lily'mind '): WTF !!!

In the meantime, the group had arrived at the center of the city, where the Marquis's castle stood, surrounded by thick and imposing walls, the guards opened, and once inside they went to the stables to lay the horses.

(Methith): Come on Lily, we're here, you have to get off.

"Oh yeah there," replied Lily, absorbed in her statistics.

As soon as Lily's feet hit the ground:

(Chat)

[Resistance limit (bladder)] exceeded;

Punishment: [Full release]

(Lily'mind '): huh?

[Bladder fullness]: 50%

.

~ pssssss ~

.

48%

.

(Lily): Huh?

.

47%

.

Lily of course instantly deactivated the easy mode but unfortunately despite her pressing with both hands she could not help but slow the flow.

.

45%

.

(Methith): Is everything okay? Did you hurt yourself on the way down?

(Lily): ...

(Ileah): All right?

[Lilith]: There's nothing you can do about it now, crouch and finish.

"..." Lily did not know what to do, her gray panties were now more than wet and the heat between her thighs testified that she had still had an accident.

After two good seconds of reflection and another percentage lost, he decided to heed Lilith's advice, squatted right next to Methith and the horse, spread her skirt and crossed her panties, let go, the dirt of the stable absorbed easily Lily's steaming flow without leaving puddles, even the smell of urine was almost absent, the only ones things from which you could see what was happening were the steam produced by the hot waterfall, the muffled roaring sound, and Lily's expression.

After less than twenty seconds the release was over, by now everyone had noticed, Magrana and Kasidrel suppressed a laugh as Ileah stared at the last drops that disappeared into the ground.

~ sssshhh ~

(Lily): ... ahh, I really had to go, sorry for the unfortunate sight, now let's go inside I'm sleepy!

Lily decided to completely ignore her soaked knickers and the astonished looks of the others, she turned and walked in what she thought was the right direction.

[Lilith]: hahaha, I was mad because you made me look like a little wetting girl but this is a great show!

(Kasidrel): hahaha, well, come on, I want to eat something and go to sleep!

Ileah and Methith were perplexed.

{In the castle reception room}

A short woman in a maid's uniform after knocking entered a room where a man in royal robes and a very beautiful, purple-haired woman were talking to an elderly gentleman in armor.

(Melielth): Lord Isaac, the mercenary group has returned!

(Chief of the guard): Oh? Is Miss Ileah also with them?

(Melielth): Yes, they came back with the horses, they also brought back Miss Lilith, everyone seems to be fine.

(Isaac Trustmogs): Great, let them in, Lorelaine and I will meet them in the great hall.

(Chief of the guard): Certainly my lord!

The chief of the guards with Melileth left the room.

(Lorelaine Trustmogs): ... They all survived ... incompetent demons, Sir Orrun will be furious ...

(Isaac Trustmogs): Furious? Hahaha, do you think my dad is sorry?

(Lorelaine): I think so since he even chose a rescue group that he was sure he couldn't escape from the dungeon and that if he died he wouldn't alarm anyone, plus the demons won't want that thing back again?

(Isaac): If the group managed to get out, does that mean the demons are dead, so no one will be able to take it out, and anyway, aren't you happy to have your daughters back?

(Lorelaine): no, I would have preferred that they both died, at least they would not have suffered anymore, who knows how Sir Orrun will use them, every day that passes I am dying to run away with them, now they are old enough and they should have magical talent, maybe we could successfully escape and denounce your father ...

(Isaac): If he heard you you would be dead already, do you know? Well, let's go see this demon-killing group.

(Guard): My lord lady Ileah and lady Lilith have returned!

"wow, this is a castle!" Lily thought as you walked through the doors.

"I'm glad you like my little house," Lilith told her back.

"I can hardly believe it, they don't even have a scratch ..." thought the Marquis who was observing the entrance of the group sitting on the throne.

(Isaac): Welcome back my daughters, it is a pleasure to see you safe and sound.

(Lorelaine): Oh dear, come to mom!

Ileah didn't have it repeated twice, she ran around the hall and hugged her mother tightly.

Lily on the other hand did not rush on Lorelaine, not because she was not her mother, but for another reason, the smell of urine that surrounded her had become quite evident, of course, Ileah had also had an accident made obvious by the yellowing of her white skirt, however, she was too embarrassed to hug a noblewoman she did not know in those conditions, so she stood still avoiding the gaze of her mother with a little red face.

(Bradford): We are back Lord Trustmogs.

(Isaac): I am delighted to see ... wait, where is that Kasidrel?

(Bradford): She's out with a demon we captured.

(Isaac): Oh, as I said I'm glad you succeeded in the feat unscathed, plus you took a demon prisoner? I'll be happy to hear from your report later, plus who are those two women?

The marquis pointed to the two unconscious priestesses brought by guards.

(Bradford): We stole them from the clutches of demons.

(Isaac): splendid, expect a great reward, now Lorelaine and my daughters, I really want to hear the deeds of these brave warriors, you go well to the banquet that I made you prepare, I will join you shortly.

For the second part of chapter 3...

If it goes wrong the other story hopefully before a year, if it goes well ... it might not have an ending, sorry!

