Cirque du freak: Darren and lartern

Author: Kylie

*000*2012-06-21 04:39

For you guys you have read cirque du freak I hope you will enjoy this.

Darren Shan was a small boy a twelve, you had just risen in the vampire world with his mentor larten crepsley. His friend,Steve, and him went to an illeagal freak show, where they saw the old vampire and his deadly spider Madame octa.Steve asks mr.crepsley to be his mentor first but he had bad blood. Darren was fancistated with octa so sneaked in and took her. Later on the spider bites Steve, darren becomes mr. crepsley's assailant to save his friend.

Darren and mr.crepsley were headed to vampire moutain for concuil. Half way up Darren could feel his bladder filling up rather quickly, but thought nothing of it he had strengthened muceles.

"How are feeling Darren, tell me if you need a break?" larten asked

"I'm fine," he lied, he debated rather or not to tell him about his need, but decided against since mr.crepsley wasn't the understand type.

2 hours pasted and Darren was borderline desperate, he squirmed about trying to make it unnoctieable. He debated about asking for break, but they were making good timing and he didn't want to mess that up. He fidgeted when in urge hit him .

"Be still, you are going to draw attention to us," larten ordered

"Fine," Darren replied. He tried to be still but he couldn't. Suddenly an urge hit him hard, he doubled over and crossed his legs tightly. It faded away after alittle while. Almost 10 minutes later he didn't think he could hold it other 5. While he was thinking about that his bladder let out a leak he grabbed his crothch tightly stopping the flow.

Mr.crepsley's strengthen sense of smell picked up the scent of urine but just thought it was animal.

Darren was leaking now. I wet patch was shown on his pants, he began to to cry. He couldn't believe this was happening. Just then the gates opened, he cried out and grabbed his member so tight it hurt. But it was no use he flooded his Jeans crying the whole time. Mr.crepsley would be so mad at him. Larten turned arounded when he heArd crying his eyes widened......

If you like it I will countinue. Reply please.

*003*2012-11-18 00:36

I was looking to update thus and wanting you guys opinions. Should larten be mean and mad at darren or gentle and caring?

