I love my wife

Author: murphdog

*000*2013-10-17 09:45

Daddy, I have to tell you something, my heart sank as I looked up and saw the posture of my oldest daughter. Lynn who is a very free spirit, with a very wild side was looking not at me but at the floor. It was past her curfew by about a half an hour but for her that was an accomplishment. What is the matter baby I asked almost afraid of the answer? Despite her sometimes wildness she was always very honest, matter of fact and to the point.

My wife appeared in the doorway behind Lynn with one of those “she is your daughter and you have to deal with this looks”. Lynn looked up at me with those big brown eyes, Daddy we were drinking beer and well I had an accident. Oh shit, what did you do to the truck I blurted out? Lynn looked a little annoyed at my question. Your truck is fine she retorted, well except for the seat. What happened to the seat I asked obviously puzzled? “It is wet”, her eyes now showed a bit of sparkle. Why I asked, still a bit confused? “Daddy, don’t make this any worse than it already is”.

“Baby, just tell me what happened”. My wife was giggling in the background obviously enjoying the conversation. Well I was coming home and a deer jumped out on the road on the big curve and well it scared me. Did you hit the deer I asked still concern over the condition of my new pickup? No she snapped, your truck is fine well except for the seat. If you did not hit the deer why is there a problem with my truck seat? Huh she snapped “Daddy I peed my pants”.

Oh is that all. Daddy! I am so embarrassed and mom made me tell you. I looked up at my wife, who was enjoying the conversation immensely, my wife mouthed you need to deal with this. Damn I was in one of those spots that us dads hates to be in and my wife was going to make me be a father. In her dark jeans I had not noticed initially the situation that Lynn had found herself in but on careful examination I could that not only had she wet her pants but Lynn had soaked them. Baby we have had this talk about drinking and driving more than once as I desperately tried to find my father voice. I know Daddy, but it was not that much and I am not drunk or anything. Then young lady why are your pants wet?

Because I got scared when the deer jumped out and well, ah… Daddy I am sorry but really It was not that much beer. Honey you are sixteen you should not have any beer, wine or any alcohol unless it is in a very small glass at a family dinner. K, I am sorry Daddy as a tear fell down her face. I got up from my chair and gave her a big hug, I know honey we all make mistakes. Over Lynn’s shoulder I saw the scowl on my wife’s face. My wife “mouthed paddle her you cannot let her get away with this again. My heart was now at the basement level but my wife was right. Tonight it was the truck seat, and Lynn’s Wranglers god only knows it could have been a lot worse. Lynn you know what I have to do don’t you? Really Daddy, I am sixteen is there she stopped in mid-sentence, I understand Daddy.

My wife was looking a little sad and I could see that she was feeling bad for Lynn then again if I did not follow through I knew that I would be under the dog house. Without further prompting Lynn opened the door to my office closet and took down the paddle that hung there. It was not used very often but all of our kids, nieces, nephews, and acquired kids knew it was there and what it was for. I huge lump came up in my throat as Lynn handed it to me. Baby go potty first my wife gently instructed Lynn. Put your wet close in the hamper and I will wash them tonight for you. There was a bathroom right off of my office and Lynn stepped into the bathroom. She half closed the door behind her. Mom a small voice came out of the bathroom can I leave my panties on until after daddy paddles me a bit of a pause then can I have clean panties.

I heard Lynn start to pee, my daughters were never real modest about peeing in front of me then again neither is their mother. My wife thought about it for a second then stepped into the bathroom with Lynn. I could not hear what was being said but the conversation was not confrontational. My wife came out of the bathroom carrying Lynn’s clothes, the white panties with the light yellow stain were on top and as she went by I could smell the urine aroma. Lynn came out of the bathroom red faced and embarrassed she had a towel wrapped around her waist. She started to cry when she asked Daddy how many swats. It broke my heart, but I mustered up the courage and replied softly “honey tonight we were all lucky, drinking and driving can get you killed” I paused Honey as much as I hate doing this I have to make a point. We have talked about this more than once now I need to make a point. So how many Daddy? Six honey and I need to make them hard.

I know, tears were now running down the side of her pretty little face. I reached out and pulled Lynn in tight and gave her a huge hug, I felt a tear slide down my face. My wife was now back and she softly said let’s get this over with; she gentle took the towel off of Lynn exposing her ivory bottom. I sat down in my chair and Lynn laid herself over my knee with her hands on the floor. I took a deep breath and rained six hard swats rapidly down on my daughters quivering bottom. Lynn sobbed loudly and tears streamed down my face in silence. It took Lynn a few seconds to realize that it was over. Once she did she wrapped her arms around my neck and held on like she was once again a little girl that I had rescued from a bad dream. I am sorry Daddy; I promise it will not happen again. I know baby I replied somehow my wife had also squeezed on to my lap for an extended group hug.

At some point we regrouped my wife slipped into the kitchen and made hot coco. We joked as a family about Lynn’s wet pants and my truck seat. Before going off to bed Lynn turned and look at my wife and me and thanked us for always being there for her. Tears ran down my face one more time. After Lynn had headed to bed I noticed that my wife was not wearing her normal flannel pajamas under her house coat but instead a little nighty top and pink sexy panties. She smiled upon seeing my revelation. She poured us each a glass of wine and we cuddled up beside each on the love seat. Her big brown eyes dancing as she fidgeted. Young lady do you have to pee I asked in my father tone.

"A little she quipped", don’t you pee your panties young lady. Oh what would happen if I did she asked slyly? I will give you a hard spanking your wet bottom young lady. We stated to make out, and made our way into the relative privacy of my office. My shirt and her nighty top did were both on the floor. Oops she giggled and jumped up off of the big chair we were sitting on. She bent over in front of me and looked over her shoulder to watch my reaction as her pink panties became soaked. Streams of hot pee flowed down her legs and on to a towel that earlier had covered my daughter. The aroma, combined with the pheromones was intoxicating, the view of her now semitransparent panties breathe taking.

I was still taking it all in well after she a completely emptied her bladder. My wife brought me back to reality by whispering into my ear, I am a very naughty girl shall I get the paddle. Yes I commanded, she retrieved the paddle and I marched her quickly into our bedroom. My office is next to the bedroom and can be accesses directly without have to expose our selves to any of the children that might have been up for what ever reason. Bed over and grab your ankles young lady. She gave me that naughty little girl look before compliing. How many swats do I get she mused. Ten young lady and hard ones, she shot me one of the those looks that said don’t make them too hard. The paddle cracked her wet panties and little sprays of hot urine flew with each stroke.

My wife yelped with each swat but stayed into position. After the tenth swat she quickly popped up and rubbed her bottom regrouped her composer and undid my belt, unbuttoned my pants and gentle worked them down to my ankles. I stepped out of my pants. Of course a certain body part was at full attention. I slid her wet panties over her very cute little ass taking in the wonderful aroma of her wetness. She took that certain body part of mine in her hands and gentle stroked it. Spare the rod and neglect the women. I reached over and turned out the lights as we fell onto the bed. She was not neglected.

It was a wonderful night, and we awoke to Lynn arguing with at her younger brother Jake to help out and her little sisters to go potty and wash up for breakfast. Why is it that we have kids again I asked my smiling wife. Her smile turned devious well honey after last night we might not be done yet. Really, honey I managed to blurt out. We will have to wait and see she whispered. Lynn knocked lightly on the door and popped her head in. Are you two love birds going to get up it is almost Eight, I have breakfast ready? Thanks honey I replied. Lynn's eyes got big as she saw my wife's wet panties and the paddle.

You know dad that is exactly how you and mom ended up with Megan and Melisa (they are our five year old twins). "Oh honey" my quick witted wife popped back "that is also how we ended up with you too". I wet my pants on the way home from our graduation party and your dad spanked me and well um ya. "I bet he doesn't cry when he spanks you" Lynn giggled. We all turned red and had a good laugh. That was eight weeks ago and we are starting to buy diapers when ever they are on sale. As we were checking out of the store with a cart full of diapers I looked at Lynn and said "you know young lady this is all your fault". She laughed and gave me a huge hug.

*002*2013-10-19 19:17

I know, I really struggle with editing in this format, I hate the small font, and how tight everything is. I must be missing something, I should have did it in Word and pasted it here that way I have a bit of control. I think I am going to try and rewrite it and repost. Then again it was 3 something in the morning I and I could not sleep when I wrote it.

*003*2013-10-19 19:28

“Daddy, I have to tell you something”, my heart sank as I looked up and saw the posture of my oldest daughter. Lynn who is a very free spirit, with a very wild side was looking not at me but at the floor. It was past her curfew by about a half an hour but for Lynn that was an accomplishment. Besides my wife Ann had dealt with Lynn’s tardiness as soon as Lynn and her friend Katelyn had come into the house. “What is the matter baby”, I asked almost afraid of the answer?

Despite her sometimes wildness she was always very honest, matter of fact and to the point. Ann appeared in the doorway behind Lynn with one of those she is your daughter and you have to deal with this looks. Lynn looked up at me with those big brown eyes, “Daddy we were drinking beer and well I had an accident”.

“Oh shit, what did you do to the truck” I blurted out? Lynn looked a little annoyed at my question. “Your truck is fine” she retorted, “well except for the seat”.

“What happened to the seat” I asked obviously puzzled? “It is wet”, her eyes now showed a bit of sparkle. “Why” I asked, still a bit confused? “Daddy, don’t make this any worse than it already is”.

“Baby, just tell me what happened”. My wife was giggling in the background obviously enjoying the conversation. “Well I was coming home and a deer jumped out on the road on the big curve and well it scared me”. ”Did you hit the deer” I asked still concern over the condition of my new pickup? “No” she snapped, “your truck is fine well except for the seat”.

“If you did not hit the deer why is there a problem with my truck seat” I asked still a bit confused? “Huh” she snapped “Daddy I peed my pants”.

“Oh is that all” I responded very relieved. “DADDY”! “I am so embarrassed and mom made me tell you” Lynn was now whining and that rarely happens. I looked up at Ann, who was enjoying the conversation immensely; my wife mouthed “you need to deal with this”.

Damn I was in one of those spots that us dads hates to be in and my wife was going to make me be a father. In her dark jeans I had not noticed initially the situation that Lynn had found herself in but on careful examination I saw two horizontal wet screaks across the back of her pants. “Were you not wearing light blue pants when you left home young lady” I asked? “I had to try” Lynn responded shrugging her shoulders. “Baby we have had this talk about you drinking and driving more than once” as I desperately tried to find my father voice. “I know Daddy, but it was not that much and I am not drunk or anything”. It was obvious that she had not had much to drink and I doubted that her driving had been impaired but I certainly was not about to let her know that. “Then young lady why are your pants wet” I scolded in a very quiet voice? It is the quit voice that gets them every time. “Because I got scared when the deer jumped out and well, ah”… her voice faded away into thought.

“Daddy I am sorry but really it was only a couple of beers and I switched to Dew over two hours ago” obviously pleading for her bottom. “Honey you are sixteen you should not have any beer, wine or any alcohol unless it is in a very small glass at a family dinner” I retorted. I have to admit during the summer when I was her age her infraction would have not been that big of a deal but today society has taken an extremely dim few of teenage drinking; cracking down on her was for her own good.

“K, I am sorry Daddy” as a tear fell down her face. She glanced at the closet door with a look of surrender. I got up from my chair and gave her a big hug, I know honey we all make mistakes. “Oh honey you did pee your pants didn’t you” I teased as I passed my hand over her soaked bottom. “How much beer did you drink this afternoon young lady” I questioned. “Two beers and well Katelyn and I shared a wine cooler”, “oh daddy it was not the drinking that made me pee my pants” her voice matter of fact. “By the way where is Katelyn” I asked? “Katelyn went to bed as soon as mom was done with us” replied Lynn obviously trying to seize on an opportunity to stall.

“She said to tell you she loves you and the two of you can have a Daddy Daughter talk in the morning” Lynn was gearing up for a filibuster. Over Lynn’s shoulder I saw the scowl on Ann’s face. Ann mouthed “paddle her don’t let her get away with this again”. My heart was now at the basement level but my wife was right. Tonight it was the truck seat, and two pairs Lynn’s Wranglers god only knows it could have been a lot worse and it was not a habit we were about to let her get into.

“Lynn you know what I have to do don’t you” my voice was soft but very firm? “Really Daddy, I am sixteen is there she stopped in mid-sentence, I understand Daddy” at this point she knew full well that her fate was sealed. My wife was looking a little sad and I could see that she was feeling bad for Lynn then again if I did not follow through I knew that I would be under the dog house. Without further prompting Lynn opened the door to my office closet and took down the paddle that hung there. It was not used very often but all of our kids, nieces, nephews, and acquired kids (insert Katelyn here) know it is there and what the paddle is used for.

Ann keeps her own small paddle called, Mom’s Helping Hand, in the kitchen and it is used for breaking of house rules. It is shaped like a person’s hand and constructed out of clear latex with little red hearts painted on contact area. Pretty simple, break a rule and the offender bends over and grabs their ankles for two light swats and life goes on. It stings a little on the pants stings a lot more on the bare and I know because when the kids are somewhere else I am subject to it when my wife thinks that I am not behaving to her standards.

The paddle in the office is for more serious offenses. It is referred to as The Paddle and is constructed out of laminated hardwood and adorned with 1/4” holes. The Paddle makes your butt sting just looking at it hanging in the closet, which is the entire point. Because it is so scary our kids avoid doing things that could end up with a date with The Paddle like the plague.

It was those two swats that Lynn and coconspirator Katelyn had reserved from Mom’s helping hand that had exposed Lynn’s little secret. Lynn had tried to cover up (literally) her accident by taking off her wet pants before she came in the house and putting on another pair. She did not have the opportunity to change her panties. Figuring that going commando would lead to way to many questions if discovered Lynn took the chance. It might have worked but even though Ann’s swats were only token swats at best it was enough to push the jeans and the panties together long enough for the jeans to absorb some of the wetness from the wet panties. Things went downhill for Lynn from there.

A huge lump came up in my throat as Lynn handed the paddle to me. “Baby go potty first” my wife gently instructed Lynn; “Put your wet close in the hamper and I will wash them tonight for you” Ann was being very kind and felt all most as bad as I did about what had to happen. There was a bathroom right off of my office and Lynn stepped into the bathroom. She half closed the door behind her.

“Mom” a small voice came out of the bathroom “can I leave my panties on until after daddy paddles me”? A bit of a pause then came “can I have clean panties I don’t want to be spanked on wet panties”. I heard Lynn start to pee, my daughters were never real modest about peeing in front of me then again neither is their mother. Ann thought about it for a second then stepped into the bathroom with Lynn. I could not hear what was being said but the conversation was not confrontational but my wife’s voice was firm. Ann came out of the bathroom carrying Lynn’s clothes, the white panties with the light yellow stain were on top and as she went by I could smell the aroma wet panties.

“Honey come on I don’t want to have to go through this again so it is going to be on your bare bottom” my wife was almost coxing. Lynn came out of the bathroom red faced and embarrassed she had a towel wrapped around her waist. She started to cry when she asked “Daddy how many swats”. It broke my heart, but I mustered up the courage and replied softly “honey tonight we were all lucky, drinking and driving can get you killed” I paused “Honey as much as I hate doing this I have to make a point”.

“So how many Daddy” her little voice to the point? “Six honeys and I need to make them hard”; of course I had to say it but the reality was that I would be lucky if they even turned her cute little bottom red but pain is only a small part of an effective paddling. “I know”, tears were now running down the side of her pretty little face. I reached out and pulled Lynn in tight and gave her a huge hug, I felt a tear slide down my face. My wife was now back from putting Lynn’s clothes in the laundry and she softly said “let’s get this over with” she gentle took the towel off of Lynn exposing her ivory bottom shaking slightly.

I sat down in my chair, without being told Lynn laid herself over my knee with her hands on the floor she adjusted herself, she was crying softly but managed to tell me that she was ready. I took a deep breath and rained six good swats rapidly down on my daughters quivering bottom. Lynn sobbed loudly and tears streamed down my face in silence. It took Lynn a few seconds to realize that it was over. Upon the realization Lynn wrapped her arms around my neck and held on like she was once again a little girl that I had rescued from a bad dream. “I am sorry Daddy; I promise it will not happen again”.

“I know baby I replied” somehow Ann had also squeezed on to my lap for an extended group hug.

At some point we regrouped Ann slipped into the kitchen and made hot coco. Lynn ducked into the bathroom to put on her fresh pajamas that Ann had waiting for her. As she headed into the bathroom with her now neon pink bottom in full view I could not help but notice that Lynn definitely had her mother’s backside; a beautiful thing to behold. We joked as a family about Lynn’s wet pants my truck seat and that Lynn has a history of peeing her pants and getting caught doing something that she should not have been doing in the first place.

Before going off to bed Lynn turned and look at my wife and me and thanked us for always being there for her. Tears ran down my face one more time. After Lynn had headed to bed I noticed that my wife was not wearing her normal flannel pajamas under her house coat but instead a little nighty top and pink sexy panties. Ann smiled upon seeing my revelation. She poured us each a glass of wine and we cuddled up beside each on the love seat that adored the corner of my office. Her big brown eyes dancing as she fidgeted. “Young lady do you have to pee” I asked in my father tone. "A little she quipped", “don’t you pee your panties young lady I threatened”.

“Oh what would happen if I do” she asked slyly? “I will give you a hard spanking on your wet bottom young lady” in my father voice. My shirt and her nighty top quickly ended up on the floor.

“Oops” Ann giggled and jumped up off of the big chair we were sitting on. She bent over in front of me and looked over her shoulder to watch my reaction as she soaked her pink panties. Streams of hot pee flowed down her legs and on to a towel that earlier had covered my daughter. The aroma, combined with the pheromones was intoxicating, the view of her now semitransparent panties breathe taking. I was still taking it all in well after she a completely emptied her bladder. Ann brought me back to reality by whispering into my ear, “I am a very naughty girl shall I get Mom’s Helping Hand”.

“Yes” I commanded, Ann retrieved her helping hand from the kitchen and I marched her quickly into our bedroom hoping to not to expose ourselves to any of the children that might have been up for whatever reason. “Bed over and grab your ankles young lady”. She gave me that naughty little girl look before complying. “How many swats do I get” she mused. “Ten young lady and hard ones”, she shot me one of those looks that said don’t make them too hard. The paddle cracked her wet panties and little sprays of hot urine flew with each stroke. My wife yelped with each swat but stayed into position.

After the tenth swat she quickly popped up and rubbed her bottom regrouped her composer and undid my belt, unbuttoned my pants and gentle worked them down to my ankles. I stepped out of my pants. Of course a certain body part was at full attention. I slid her wet panties over her very cute little ass taking in the wonderful aroma of her wetness. She took that certain body part of mine in her hands and gentle stroked it. “Spare the rod and neglect your wife” she cooed. I reached over and turned out the lights as we fell onto the bed. She was not neglected.

It was a wonderful night, and we awoke to Lynn instructing her little sisters to go potty, put their wet jammies in the laundry and wash up for breakfast. Jake my fourteen year old son was teasing Katelyn mercilessly to which Lynn was yelling at Jake to leave Katelyn alone and attend to his own chores. “Why is it that we have so many kids again” I asked my smiling wife. Her smile turned devious “well honey after last night we might not be done yet”.

“Really, honey” I managed to blurt out I was trying to act like it would be a bad thing but I was not fooling Ann for a second. “We will have to wait and see” she whispered. Lynn knocked lightly on the door and popped her head in. “Are you two love birds going to get up it is almost Eight, I have breakfast ready”? “Thanks honey” I replied. Lynn's eyes got big as she saw Ann's wet panties and Moms Helping Hand. “You know dad that is exactly how you and mom ended up with Megan and Melisa” Lynn stated half laughing and half scolding (they are the five year old twins that Lynn had been trying to wrangle minutes earlier).

"Oh honey" my quick witted wife popped back "that is also how we ended up with you too". I wet my pants on the way home from our graduation party and your dad spanked me and well um ya". “I bet dad doesn't cry when he spanks you" Lynn giggled. We all turned red and had a good laugh. That was eight weeks ago and we are starting to buy diapers whenever we go on a large scale shopping trip. As we were checking out of the store with cart full baby stuff I looked at Lynn and scowled “you know child this is your entire fault”. Lynn smiled from ear to ear and gave me a giant hug.

I still do not like the font size but at least it is edited, what am I missing

*005*2013-10-21 08:20

Thanks still trying to figure out how to manipulate the post so they are more readable.

