Fifth date rule

Author: Flush

*000*2012-12-27 16:38

Yes, yes, yes - I have finally managed to complete a story! *Feeling pretty good about myself* :)

Ok , I'm sorry for the enthusiasm, but so many of my stories have ended in writer's block, that it feels really good too actually complete one.

A special credit goes out to pdeferred

, whose amazing stories have inspired me to come up with my scenario. Thanks!

Disclaimer: This story contains female desperation, holding and wetting and some very very mild male desperation.

- - FIFTH DATE RULE - -

As I drove my small rusty car towards the towns’ Christmas fair, I wondered how my night with Jess would end. On our first date, I had bought her a cosy romantic dinner at her favourite restaurant - on our second date, she had taken me to the zoo. On our third, we had been to the bowling center and on the fourth date Jess had cooked for me at her place. And tonight - our fifth date - I would pick her up from work and take her to the movies.

Our first fourth dates went pretty well - I mean, we certainly liked each other and loved spending time together, as far as I was concerned - Jess really was something. Though I would have never admitted it, I had fallen for her and was nervously hoping that she felt the same way about me. I could have really imagined myself being in an - undeveloped - relationship with her. There was just this small thing... after four solid extensive dates, we had not yet... kissed - I mean - there were a few polite kisses on the cheek, and I had amusingly kissed her hand once, but up till now, the taste of her lips was still unknown to me.

It was nothing that I was really concerned about, I had never cared about those so called “date rules” anyway, but I was getting a little bit insecure about the reason why we didn’t kiss yet. Was it because Jess was a little shy - she really was - or was it because she didn’t truly want me - but then why would she agree to go on another date - or was there another obscure reason? It’s not that I hadn’t tried to kiss her - on our fourth date, in her comfortable couch, we were pretty close - but the moment our cheeks had touched, she had turned her head away. It wasn’t a deal breaker for me, it was just that I was hoping for a little more - I mean, in my last relationship, I had gotten to second base with my ex after just two dates. I could easily wait for a girl like Jess - I would even go on twenty more dates if I had to - I was just afraid that she wasn’t really interested in me. Shy Jess - insecure me.

Either way, I was thrilled to go on another date with her - we’ve had so much fun in the last four ones. I parked my car and walked towards the fair - 6:59 PM, her shift would end in just a single insignificant minute. I walked up to the coffee stand where she was serving coffee, and she waved at me from a far distance - almost if she had been waiting for me in the last half hour instead of working. I waved back and I couldn’t stop smiling; she was the prettiest coffee girl I had ever seen - chestnut brown curly hair just hanging above her shoulders, brown sensual eyes, a cute face, wearing her all-green coffee stand uniform; a simple T-shirt and a tight green skirt which was really showing off her slim thighs, and a brown apron to cover her front body.

“Hi Jess!”

“Hi! There you are, just in time - I have just served my last coffee for today!”

“Great! So um... do I drag you over the counter, or do you guys from the coffee place also have a back door?” Jess smiled.

“No you silly,” she replied, “I have to change my uniform, too! Just wait there!”

“You don’t have to change for me, you look great....” I complimented her, and I didn’t even had to lie. She - did - look great. She smiled again.

“Thanks, but I really am going to change. Just...”

She left my sight, and invited me to join her in the back of the coffee stand a few seconds later, explaining that she didn’t want me to stand out there in the cold while I would wait for her. Even though the weather was quite warm for the time of the year, I gladly accepted her offer - just out of sheer curiosity for the magic happening in the back of a coffee stand - I simply couldn’t refuse a smile like hers. I followed her into a small place, which happened to be the storage - slash - dressing room, and she offered me a chair and an instruction to sit down while she would change her outfit.

I wondered where she would modify her clothing, this - was - the dressing room after all, wasn’t it? But before I could even say a thing, Jess closed the door behind her, turned down the lights and told me to close my eyes and not to peek. For a brief moment, I was perplexed; she was going to change - right in front of me? Sure, it was pretty dark in here with the lights down, but the street lights shining through the small window were providing enough light for me to see her figure quite clearly. I felt my heart racing, searching for the right answer to her command, but I figured that it would be best if I just did what she asked me to.

Being a true gentlemen, I closed my eyes and promised that I wouldn’t peek. I heard her unzipping a piece of clothing, and I silently wondered; “Does she - want - me to look?”

After all, she was undressing herself to her undergarments in a room that was only slightly bigger than my own restroom, less than a meter in front of me - a quick glance was tempting, to say the least. But her command sounded sincere, so I kept my eyes firmly shut, sitting on my chair as still as possible. Despite keeping my self-control, I couldn’t help to fantasize about her while hearing her change. How her tight skirt slid down her delicate thighs, how she pulled her work shirt over her brown hair, how she was now standing in front of me - barefoot and wearing nothing but a bra and a pair of panties. I wondered what the colour of her panties was - white, I hoped. How she pulled a new piece of clothing on and zipped it up, how she brushed something off her back. How she switched on the light, and told me to look.

“Tadaa! Much better than my coffee outfit, no?”

She was looking good in both, but that was a clear hint for a compliment, so I gave her one.

“Wow, Jess, you look - amazing. You know that it’s just the movies that we’re going to, right? - you could go to a gala night in that dress.”

And amazing she looked. She was now wearing a tight cream-colored dress which showed a substantial part of leg and accentuated her breasts as well as her cute butt. I had never seen her dress up so sexy, and cursed myself for picking my casual “shirt and jeans”-outfit for tonight.

“Glad you like it, this dress has cost me a day of carrying around coffee!”, she smiled.

She opened the door, then halted and grabbed an envelope out of her purse.

“Before we go, I have to give you something...”

“W - what, a present? But I didn’t buy you anything...”

“It’s not a real present, it’s... you’ll see. But... you can’t open it yet”

“So... when can I open it?” I was definitely intrigued. I brushed the envelope with my fingers, and wondered what was inside. It felt like some sort of key, but I wasn't sure. Why would she give me a key anyway?

“I’ll tell you when to open it, ok? Come on, let’s go to the movies!”

We arrived at the cinema early, so I invited her for a drink and a chat in the foyer. Before entering the theatre I went to the bathroom, remembering the long movie without a break coming up in the next two hours. Jess simply told me that she didn’t have to go, and that she would buy us some popcorn and a soda in the meantime. With two really large soda cups - Jess told me that there was a promotion and large cups were cheaper - we walked into the movie theatre.

The movie Jess picked turned out to be pretty good, and time passed by quite fast, and so did the contents of our soda cups. Halfway in the movie I finished mine, while Jess’ cup was already empty. Despite relieving myself right before the movie, I felt my bladder already refilling itself, and I wondered how Jess was doing - after all she had not gone to the bathroom since finished her shift at the coffee place, or even longer. She had her legs crossed and her hands on her lap, but she had no intention to share her predicament with me; I could only assume that her bladder was also getting full.

An hour later into the movie I definitely felt the need for a bathroom coming up more distinctly. Jess was occasionally shifting in her chair by now, her legs subtly shaking, her hands deeper in her lap. I wondered if she was ok; she looked like she could really use the little girls’ room by now. I decided to carefully check up on her, by sharing my own position.

“I have to um - pee.”

“Yeah, me too.”

“Are you ok?”

“Yeah, you?”

“I’m ok.”

Jess continued squirming until the end of the movie - she was definitely in worse shape than I was. I hated to see her suffering, but at the other hand... I found the image of her, controlling her hot urine from escaping... quite sexy. Small movements of her legs, her knees brushing together, her hands ever deeper in her lap - all gestures out of sheer desperation, but they somehow turned me on.

As the first credits appeared on the cinema screen, Jess jumped up enthusiastically, legs knotted tightly together, clearly having trouble to stand still. Although I shamefully enjoyed her small dance, I didn’t want to torture her any further, so I immediately jumped up too and we both rushed to the exit. Being a gentleman, I led Jess to the bathroom, but to my surprise, she refused.

“Can’t we go - um - to my place?”

“Errr... Sure - I guess? Are you alright?”

“I’m fine, let’s just head to my apartment - *quickly*.” She was rushing her words, and whispered the last one. It was pretty obvious why, but it wasn’t obvious - at least not to me - why she just didn’t go to the bathroom here.

“You’re sure - absolutely sure?” I almost couldn’t believe her.

“Sweetheart, I’ve never been more sure, just - go!” Sweetheart? First time I’ve ever heard that nickname. I gazed at Jess one more time - she was now truly fidgety - and then walked her to my car.

The car ride to her place was a pretty awkward and silent one - the first of it’s kind between the two of us. The thought of her desperately holding back her pee made me nervous, and the fact that I had to pee too didn’t help either. I decided to turn on the car radio and quickly glanced at Jess. Her feet was furiously tapping on the car floor, and she had her purse on her lap - one hand was located on the purse and one hand - under? I suddenly noticed that my hands were sweating a little. There she was, Jess, the girl of my dreams, sitting in my car, pressing her hand on her panties, touching her privates through the thin fabric. And I - I didn’t know what to do. Pull over? Find her a public restroom? But - she asked me to drive her to her place, right?

Finally we arrived at her building, and I found a parking spot not too far away from the entrance. Just as she did after the movies, she jumped up quickly and left me sitting in my driver’s seat, heavily breathing, my heart bouncing. It’s no big deal - I told myself - she would go upstairs to the bathroom, rip her panties down and let her contents gush into the toilet bowl. But - what if she wouldn’t? I didn’t want her to pee herself, but nevertheless, I fantasized about it. Trembling with adrenaline, I stepped out of the car and locked it, while Jess - she was dancing up on the spot, her two hands buried deep between her thighs. She probably thought that I couldn’t see her from the other side of the car, but I - did - see her.

We hobbled up the stairs to her apartment, and Jess knocked on the door.

“Um - don’t you have a key?” I asked her, while watching her tiptoe on the hardwood floor.

“I have, you silly, but my roommate Chloe is in here, so - yeah.”

“Ah... your roommate.” I tried not to sound too disappointed, but I was hoping for a little alone time with Jess.

“Don’t worry, she’s studying in the kitchen, so she won’t bother us.”

“Oh - I didn’t mean to...”

“I know.”

Another awkward silence was coming up, but then Jess’ roommate opened the door.

“If it isn’t Jess and her lovebird - hello - did you two have a pleasant night yet?”

Jess answered something and I just nodded - my mind was too fixed on Jess’ little pee dance to have a proper conversation with Chloe. I found that Chloe was almost as good-looking as Jess - a bit shorter in size though, wearing a ridiculously tight blue jeans and a very flimsy top, comfortable enough to wear at home but possibly inappropriate to wear when having guests around. Me and Jess both stumbled into the apartment, and I assumed that Jess would do the sensible thing for a girl in her condition, and rush to her bathroom. I wanted to ask if I could come with her and watch her pee, with the excuse that I needed to pee too, but I decided that a question like this would be unacceptable on a fifth date.

“Coffee?”

“Um - coffee?”

“Yeah, I’m going to make myself some - do you want a cup?”

Wait - what? She wasn’t going to the bathroom? Even at her own place? She momentary grabbed her crotch openly, not even trying to hide that she was absolutely bursting.

“Coffee sounds... great.”

Jess instructed me to go sitting in their couch, and she and Chloe walked to the kitchen to make some coffee. I couldn't overhear what the roommates were saying - they were whispering, it seemed - but from my point of view, I could just see Jess, fidgeting furiously, her one hand holding the coffee pot and her other holding her crotch. She looked like she could lose it any minute now - not very surprising, given the amount of liquids she had taken in in the last couple of hours. And she - still - wanted coffee?

She returned from the kitchen with a small tray with two medium-sized cups on top of them, trembling so hard that the cups were jingling cheerfully. I wanted to help her, but she instructed me to sit back and relax as she carefully - almost helplessly - approached me. I kindly accepted the tray and put it on the small table next to me. Jess’ hand darted between her legs again as soon as she let go of the tray - her skirt was ridden up to the point where I could almost see her panties. She plopped down on the couch, quite close to me, and we started drinking our coffee.

“Mmm - good coffee.” A silly compliment, but I didn’t know what else to say.

“It is, right?” She hastily drank her cup down in one big gulp, as if she was extremely thirsty, and carefully dropped her empty cup onto the floor.

“Oh, I got something for you”, she said, breathing heavily too, almost moaning, and she grabbed a photo album which was lying next to her.

“Remember last time - you said that you’d love to see my childhood photo’s - well, I have been on a quest for the album - do you want to browse it with me?”

Now that I was drinking coffee, I felt my own bladder asking for my attention again, but I didn’t have the courage to excuse myself for the bathroom - especially since I had relieved myself at the theatre, long after she had peed. I nodded and we flipped the pages of the album, and I listened while she was telling about the content of the photo’s. They were all in there; her birth photo’s, cards and pictures of her cute stuffed animals - her first birthday - visual proof of her very first steps - the obligatory awkward picture of her taking a bath, fully nude - her going on the potty - and so on and so on.

She was telling all details wholeheartedly and in a very cute way, but I couldn’t help it - above all, I was admiring the way she was frantically keeping her bladder muscles shut. One moment she would cross her legs and furiously shifting her butt in the couch, another moment she would bend forward and jam her hands between her legs, knocking her knees together, another moment she would sit on her heel; I had never seen a girl so desperate in my life. I pondered whether I should ask her if she was fine, but I had already asked this question so many times this night yet - I hated to repeat myself.

After a few minutes, halfway through the album, our cheeks accidently brushed each other, and I looked her deep in the eyes. Hesistantingly, I leaned forward and felt our lips almost touching each other - but then - she suddenly jammed her hands between her legs as quick as lightning, and jumped up, moaning.

“Some more... coffee?” She was trembling, clasping her crotch with both hands, sensually waving her butt back and forth. Without awaiting my reply, she rushed off to the kitchen, and left me behind, vanquished. We were - so - close! I cursed myself for being little straightforward, and didn’t notice Chloe coming out of the kitchen.

“Still didn’t kiss her, huh?”

“I - uh... what?”

Chloe positioned herself on the edge of the couch, and to my surprise, she was openly holding her crotch too! WHAT? She also needed to pee? What kind of freak show was this? I was about to speak up, but Chloe was first.

“Jess - you still haven’t kissed her. Come on, what kind of man are you?”

“Wh... excuse me, but how do you... it’s none of your...”

“Don’t you see how bursting she is?”

“I - I did, but what does have to do with...”

“Normally I would say that this is none of my business; but it concerns me too. You see - for the last four dates, Jess was too shy to kiss you, and she felt really bad about it. So I suggested that she could not allow herself to go to bathroom, before kissing you, so she wouldn’t postpone it.”

“Chloe, what on earth...”

“And just so she wouldn’t be the only one having to hold her pee, I decided to be sympathetic and I gave her the key to our bathroom. You see why this also concerns me...” She gave her crotch another obvious squeeze.

I looked over to the kitchen, and saw Jess holding herself back and front, bent over the kitchen counter, but I still couldn’t truly believe it.

“You’re kidding with me... right?”

Chloe sighed, clearly irritated with my ignorance. “What, you’re blind too?” She pulled her cellphone out of her pocket, and showed a text to me - it was Jess’.

“Chloe, I can’t hold it any longer, if we don’t kiss soon, I’ll flood my panties!”

I checked the time - 10:11 PM - the time we had left the movie theatre, more than half an hour ago! So... it was true, then? Jess was holding her water... for me ... until I would kiss her?

I gazed at Jess again - she wasn’t even trying to make coffee anymore, she was only trying to keep her panties dry for as long as possible. And for the first time since we started dating, I wasn’t hesitating. I jumped up, ignoring Chloe completely, raced myself towards the kitchen, and I kissed Jess passionately - full on the lips. And finally, I knew how they tasted - the sweetest I had ever touched. And she kissed me back. Heavily trembling, as she was still trying to hold her pee back. It was one of the most erotic things I had ever done in my life - and it was just a kiss.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t know that...” My apology was weak, but she understandably nodded.

Her eyes were red; she had wept. Her left hand was furiously massaging her privates, and I could now see her panties - white. She looked deep into my eyes, then intensely kissed me again. Slowly but surely she stopped trembling, and I recognized the splattering sounds of fluids falling onto the tile kitchen floor. Jess sighed heavily, gently but firmly pushing me away. Hot, transparent pee was gushing between her fingers, travelling down her thighs and finally landing on the cold floor. In a last act to spare her clothes from becoming soaking wet, she pulled up her tight dress to her waist, giving me a clear view of her white panties, with a small hint of yellow. She spread her legs and let the torrent of pee soak her undies - they were becoming transparent as she wet them more, and I could see the outline of her privates. I wondered if I should turn my head away, but I - wanted - to look. It took her ages to finish, but finally her oversized stream transferred into a small trickle.

“Um - I’m sorry to interrupt your glorious moment but - can I have the key to the bathroom, please?”

It was Chloe, standing in the door opening, dancing on the spot, her hand now - in - her jeans.

“The... key?” She was obviously talking to me, but I honestly didn’t have a clue what she was talking about.

“The white envelope Jess gave you, you stupid! Come on, I’m barely holding on here!” And I think she meant it.

“Errr... You probably don’t want to hear this, but I left the envelope in my car...”

“WHAT?!” She angrily threw a marker at me, missing me by an inch. “Then why are you still standing here? Go, go, GO!”

I hesitated for a good few seconds; I really did not want to leave Jess behind, not at this very moment, but Chloe looked like she would kill me if she didn’t have the key soon. I looked Jess deep into her eyes, and asked if she was ok. She said she was and that I should get the key for Chloe, so I obeyed her. I raced towards the car and grabbed the envelope, realizing I was in a dominant position now - if I would refuse to hand the key out to Chloe, she would soon soak her tight jeans too - the thought alone excited me. The slower I would get to their apartment, the more desperate Chloe would become, but also the longer I would be separated from Jess.

I decided to do the chivalrous thing and ran up the stairs, the envelope in my hand. The front door was still ajar, and I walked in carefully, not knowing in what crazy situation I would walk in to. I noticed Chloe, trying the doorknob of the bathroom in vain, dancing around to control her need to urinate, her jeans unbuttoned and her hand clutching the contents of her panties.

“Finally, there you are! Come on, give me the key! Gotta pee, gotta pee....”

I slowly walked up to her, and showed her the envelope, which she was craving - so hard - for, and I watched her squirm. God, I never knew that possessing a simple key could be so much fun. In my mind, I sincerely wanted to play with Chloe, postpone her bathroom visit just a little longer - but in reality I was too much of a nice guy. Plus, I didn’t want to jeopardize my thing with Jess by fooling around with her roommate.

“Where’s Jess?”

“In her room - for fuck’s sake - just give me the bloody key!”

I gave Chloe what she asked for and traveled further towards Jess’ room, and knocked on her door. Coming from behind me, I heard the sound of an envelope getting ripped, some effectless fiddling with a lock and a key, a loud moan and lots of swearing. I smiled on the inside; yes - bathroom locks had the tendency to fail to cooperate when being desperate to pee. There was some more fiddling and swearing, but as Jess opened the room to her door, I stopped caring about Chloe.

“Do you... want to finish the album with me?”

“Yeah sure... but without the coffee this time. And um Jess - I’m sorry about earlier.”

“I’m the one who needs to be sorry, I’ve made a fool of myself...”

“You didn’t.”

Jess - sweet sweet Jess. She kissed me again, and invited me to sit on her bed and gaze further through the photo album, still wearing her beautiful evening dress, but with a pair of new panties underneath. I felt my own bladder pressing against the belt of my jeans again, but I did not want to spoil this beautiful moment by leaving her - besides, Chloe would probably be in the bathroom.

After we finished the album, I finally excused myself for the bathroom, needing it quite badly but not nearly as badly as Jess did before. Chloe had left the bathroom, but I found her light blue jeans lying next to the toilet bowl, which I classified as ‘odd’ - why would she would she take off her pants and walk through the apartment ‘bottomless’? Having fed my curiosity, i took the jeans, and while I did so, a pair of red panties fell out of them. Glistening wet. The back of her blue pants; wet too. Then I noticed the dark floor joints in front of the toilet bowl, and I smirked - Chloe had definitely soaked her pants too.

Note to myself: New rule - on a fifth date, your date and her roommate wet their panties.

THE END

*005*2013-01-18 14:18

I'm sorry for not replying any sooner, but thanks for the nice comments. I always enjoy writing stories by myself, but some recognition is always nice. thanks :) :) :) :) :)

{{: 

You should finish your stories more often. Have my like.

}}

Thanks. I really enjoyed finishing one for a change, most of my stories tend to be very long, and the longer they are, the bigger the chance that writer's block occurs. Everytime, I try to keep it short, but for some reason I wanna detail every move... This is one of my short stories, actually. Hah.

{{: 

Can you please continue this story? I think it has lots of possibilities and I really loved it so far.

}}

{{: 

Yeah there are still some open leads for a squeal of this story, but overall a very nice story indeed.

}}

It was not my intent to make this a sequel story, but after your comments I started thinking - and actually; there could be a sequel... After all, Chloe held her pee for Jess' benefit - I think Jess should return the favor... *boom new story line*

BUT, unfortunately, a story line doesn't magically create the story itself, so... I can't promise anything. If I can find the time to write a sequel, I will. But no promises.

{{: 

Excellent story...very well written and detailed....though you should really have pretended to lose the key and make Chloe wet her pants in front of you :p

}}

Yeah, my lead character was struggling with himself there. But he wanted to be nice to Chloe - wetting off your girl's roommate is not the best start of a relationship, especially when they are so close as Chloe and Jess. And his night was all about Jess... so he played safe. Not always the most entertaining choice... but well. I hope this makes sense :)

