Alketz Operatives

Author: GunRunner

*000*2014-03-31 06:12

This is a story I've had in mind for a long time now. I'd appreciate feedback, and I'd like to know if I should continue or not. This first part doesn't have any omo in it. That will come in later chapters. So, without further delay, here's the epilogue.

###

Rellen gasped as he shot up in bed, the CrystalTech alarm clock on the wall to his right buzzing loudly. He took a minute to catch his breath, then clapped twice to cease the insufferable noise. He had just had that odd dream again. It had been coming to him more and more frequently. He didn’t remember much about the dream, but he remembered floating through space, among the stars. There was something floating next to him; a beautiful glowing being radiating with pure energy.

He felt a very powerful urge to stay near this being as they drifted through the cosmos together. These dreams always felt like they lasted for an eternity. However, Rellen always woke up when an odd, pitch black humanoid being attacked him and the pure being next to him. And when he woke up, he’d instantly feel an unbelievably intense loneliness. This day was no different. He managed to quickly shake off the feeling. He had always felt this dream might have meant something, but his logic reasoned it was just that; a simple dream. It couldn’t possibly mean anything very important… could it?

Rellen quickly regained focus. He had a job to do, and he couldn’t be dwelling on some insignificant dream. He got up and stretched, then made his bed and tapped a blue button on a touchscreen panel in the wall. A mechanical hum could be heard as the foot of the bed lifted off the ground, and the entire bed folded up into the wall. Rellen went into the bathroom to shower, brush his teeth, and otherwise make himself presentable. Afterwards, Rellen walked over to his dresser. Normally, he would have put on his usual military uniform, but for some reason, his commanding officer had told him to come to his mission briefing in civilian clothes. He selected pair of black form fitting skinny jeans, a vinyl belt, a black and red hoodie, and a pair of black, high top Converse shoes. He put a pair of Bluetooth headphones around his neck, and as a final touch, he pulled a black beanie cap loosely over his spikey green hair.

He mounted a vinyl tablet case onto his belt. He removed his Surface Pro 2 tablet from its docking station, slipped it into the case, then closed it and rotated the custom latch to lock it in place. After he had gotten ready, Rellen walked over to the door to his bedroom. It slid upward, and he walked through to the white hallways of the living section of the New York Alketz HQ. He glanced at a clock on one of many CrystalTech glass walls in the facility. It showed the time was 12:38 A.M. Rellen wondered why his superiors had set his alarm to get him up so early.

He knew he’d soon have his answer as he had finally reached the briefing office. He entered to find only his commanding officer, General James Danford, a broad, balding man in his late 50’s, and his personal assistant, Glenda Hill. Rellen instantly stood at attention and saluted. “At ease, Sergeant Stormer. Have a seat,” Danforth said, gesturing to the chair in front of him. Rellen did as he was told. “I’ll try to keep this as brief as possible. You’re obviously familiar with CrystalTech. Do you know how the company came into being, sergeant?” the general asked. Rellen nodded.

“Even so, you should have a reminder,” Danford said before turning to his assistant, “Mrs. Hill, if you would?” The woman tapped a few times on her iPad, and several images of old cyber news articles spanning over the last five years appeared on the large screen to the right of Danford’s desk. Glenda then started her part of the briefing. “CrystalTech was founded by Kagome Furukawa back in 2015, and it’s currently based in Tokyo with locations in every other major city. In 2017, the company’s engineers invented TracelessTouch, the first line of residue-erasing, virtually indestructible glass surfaces. This made many of the big tech companies buy and incorporate it in their devices’ screens. Many of these companies tried, but failed to buy them out. By 2018, CrystalTech had grown so successful that it eventually bought Google, Microsoft, and Apple, but kept them as separate branches.” She then changed the images on screen to several CrystalTech products.

“That same year, the company produced PowerGlass, a combination of TracelessTouch glass, Google Glass projection hardware, and a combination of the best parts of iOS 8 and Windows 9 software. By 2019, housing companies, school systems, other businesses, and even governmental organizations and militaries began to incorporate PowerGlass systems. Now, in 2021, 98% of all households, schools, public areas, and military forces use some kind of CrystalTech product, including all branches of the Alketz organization. These devices are controlled by some version of the Purgatory Graphical User Interface, or PGUI. Civilian housing and company systems use Purgatory-C, public areas like parks, schools, or restaurants use Purgatory-P or E, and military forces use Purgatory-M.

Even the experimental ABGUI biotech system that you had installed in your body two years ago runs on Purgatory. The Alketz organization uses Purgatory-A to manage our devices, and to keep track of our prisoners, operatives, and specific civilians we call Anomalies, along with the special powers they possess.” With that, she stopped speaking. “Thank you, Mrs. Hill,” Danforth said, before facing Rellen again, “Now I know you’re wondering what this has to do with your upcoming mission.

Kagome Furukawa developed our facility interface, and therefore, knows of the existence of Alketz. She has a daughter; Yuki Furukawa. We have reason to believe that she may be in danger. If she were to be captured by any of our enemies, they could use her as a hostage to force her mother to reveals what she knows. If they were to get their hands on the system specs for our interface, they could easily hack into our system and destroy Alketz from the inside. Aside from that, we believe that this girl might have an ability that is not documented. We need to bring her in for testing. Yuki Furukawa is a VIP of incredible value and importance. Your mission is to go undercover as a student at her high school in Tokyo.

You are to protect her at all costs, and are to take her into organization custody via standard apprehension protocols as soon as the opportunity presents itself. Once you have succeeded, report the successful capture. For this mission, you’ll be supplied with a small firearm with full-auto capabilities, a suppressor, and several hundred rounds of non-lethal rubber rounds. All of this will be able to be stored in a hidden compartment in a school bag resembling the standard ones issued at the school. Further details will be forward to you later. Is your mission understood?” Rellen once again stood and saluted. Everything made sense now. He was asked to dress in civilian clothes to avoid raising suspicion.

Aside from the identical surgical scars vertically across each of his eyes and the muscle tone he’d developed from intense training, the seventeen year old looked like a taller than average boy with dyed hair and color changing contact lenses. His right eye was red, and his left eye was purple. This odd coloration, along with his hair color, was completely natural, although he’d never understood why. Despite that, he was the perfect candidate for the mission. “Good,” Danforth said, “Now get going. You have a flight to catch.” Rellen turned and left for the airport. Once he was gone, Glenda turned to face Danford. “So why didn’t you tell him?” she asked, “About those dreams and abilities, that is.” Danford simply chuckled in response. “I didn’t tell him why he’s having those dreams, or why he has the powers he has for the same reasons as always. He’ll learn everything on his own soon enough.”

*001*2014-03-31 13:06

(Sorry, I meant this is the prologue. Damn auto-correct.)

