Wet girls night

Author: loppylollypop27

*000*2013-01-29 03:55

I'm still new to this and trying out new concepts and scenarios. I would love feedback and advice from more experienced members, but please don't post mean comments. Thanks ~R

Lisa, A tall blonde woman, sat in her cubicle, finishing of the last bit of work for the day. She was very excited because tonight she would have some of her work friends over for a girls night. Lisa took a swig from her vitamin water, she finished the whole half of a liter bottle. Staying hydrated was very important to her.

As Lisa left her workplace she noticed a slight urge to pee but ignored it, she had so many thing to do before the girls came over! She stopped by the grocery store to pick up a few things for dinner and cleaned up around the house a bit. It was already 4 o'clock and she needed to meet her friends at Starbucks at 5. Lisa looked through her closet and found a black skirt and red top to wear and put a black thong on underneath.

Lisa's urge to pee was slowly growing as she left the door to go to Starbucks. When she entered the coffee shop she was greeted by Heather, a slim red-head who likes to party. "hey girly!" she said hugging her friend. "Hi, Heather" said Lisa "are any of the others here yet?" she asked. "Not that I know of" Heather replied. "Do you think there is a washroom here?" asked Lisa who needed to pee. "I would think so" said Heather who had to go a little as well.

After asking a employee Lisa was pointed in the direction of a small hallway in the corner of the cafe. However after walking there and being unable to open the door she asked if there was a key. "No mam, I think the door is just jammed that happens from time to time" the employee replied "but the men's is probably open". Lisa did not want to use the men's washroom, she didn't need to go that bad. Lisa ordered a latte and sipped it quietly as the other women arrived.

Holly a short Asian woman with dark brown hair who was shy at first but when she warms up to you she is feisty and Amber, a curvy brunette with a naughty side. After they talked and finished the assorted drinks they ordered they arrived at Lisa's house at about 6.

Lisa prepared dinner and they girls socialized . Lisa still hadn't used the bathroom yet and neither had the other women. But Holly was the first to speak up, "Lisa can I use your bathroom?" she asked. Before Lisa could answer Amber interjected "how about we have a holding contest" she suggested. The fellow girls seemed to like the idea. "OK the last girl who hasn't peed wins!" said Thea who already had to go pretty badly.

The women stood strong for the first hour or so, the contest had started at 7 but at 8:30 the women started to get restless. "Man this is harder than I thought it would be!" said Amber holding her throbbing urethra. "Agreed" said Holly bouncing up and down on Lisa's bed. Lisa slipped off her thong and her her bare vagina, she didn't care who saw, these girls were really close and she was really competitive and wanted to win.

After another hour none of the women were wearing underwear and they were all holding up their skirts or dresses in order to hold themselves. "I have to pee so bad! I don't think I can hold it much longer!" said Heather trying hard not to loose it all. Suddenly a spurt emerged from between Heather's tired fingers dripping onto the tile floor of Lisa's bedroom. "Oh no! I think I'm going to loose it!" said Heather urgently. A low hissing sound filled the room as a small leak of urine trickled from Heather's exposed vagina. "somebody get the garbage can I'm loosing it!" said Heather as Amber kicked the garbage can towards her. As soon as Heather had her privates over the can pee started gushing out from within her spraying all over the metal. She sighed with relief as she emptied her bladder into the metal can.

Holly moaned in agony at the sight of Heather wetting sending a spurt through her small fingers. "I don't think i can hold it I'm going to the bathroom!" said Holly hobbling to the bathroom which was connected to the bedroom. Holly was halfway into the bathroom when she lost it pee went everywhere all over the floor dripping down her legs and landing all over her feet. After her bladder was completely emptied she began to clean up after herself.

Lisa meanwhile was on her bed clutching her privies for dear life watching Amber do the same. "This is so hard!" said Lisa "I've had so much to drink today".

Amber was barely holding on, she had secretly already leaked a few times. She had also drank a lot. "I con't do it!" she said " the pain is too much!" she exclaimed "but i don't know where to pee because I can't make it to the bathroom" she said she was laying next to Lisa.

"How about we both let it go together, right here right now" said Amber barely able to contain her bladder. "but where will I sleep?" asked Lisa "You guys can sleep at my place" offered Heather

"Done" said Lisa "on my count 1,2,3!" she said letting go of her vagina letting her pee fly from her vagina soaking the sheets along with Amber's strong stream. The golden liquid soared from their strained urethrae. Tiny droplets hitting Heather and Holly and hitting the floor. Lisa ans Amber moaned in pleasure rubbing their vaginae. Amber came sending her pee mixture all over the bed and after 2min they finished panting.

That night marked the wettest girls night Lisa had ever hosted and it was a night t remember indeed.

I hope you liked it :)

*003*2013-01-29 14:19

Thanks you guys!

{{: 

It was an interesting story and well written. The only thing that I disagreed with is when you said the pee flew from their vagina... the urethra and vagina are two different openings lol anyway it was a small hiccup that I made a lot my first few months on this site so it can be over-looked.

}}

Good to know I'll make sure not to forget that

