Resident Evil 2: The Raccoon City Accident

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2013-01-29 01:09

The sequel to the Mansion Accident, this story follows Claire Redfield at first, but at some points will follow other characters as well. In here, my fiction twist is that in order to cure a zombie bite, one must mix an Arklay herb in a bottle of water and finish the entire bottle.

Raccoon City, it seemed serene enough. It was one’s typical American urban locale. Twenty story buildings, various diners, gas stations, a fancy hotel... everything one might expect. As Claire rode her motorcycle down the Raccoon City streets, she marveled at the magnificence of the city. There was only one thing it lacked compared to other cities. One very vital thing that should be present in any city: People.

The streets were virtually empty. Not a single soul was walking along the sidewalk. No cars or trucks were driving down the roads. Even the nearby shops were empty. It was the most peculiar thing. Perhaps her brother’s disappearance was somehow connected to this? Claire’s brow furrowed in confusion. Why would a place as heavily populated as Raccoon City be deserted?

Claire finally stopped at a nearby diner. Something seemed to be moving around inside, and quite frankly Claire was simply hoping for some sign of life in the still city.

“Hello? Is anyone there?” She asked aloud as she opened the glass door.

Something seemed amiss. She cautiously stepped in, putting her foot down softly onto the tile floor. She looked at the bar, where drinks a meals sat unfinished. It was as if everyone had simply gotten up and left in the middle of things. It was the most puzzling circumstance.

Then Claire listened. A soft slurping sound could be heard around the corner, like the sound of an animal feeding on a fresh kill. Claire’s pulse seemed to spike. Something about this just rubbed her wrong. As carefully as she could, she crept around the corner. Two people were there, one lay on the ground while the other was crouched over him. Claire looked closely, and she saw that the person who was laying down, his chest was torn open, organs and bones exposed. The other person... was he eating the corpse!? Claire gagged, then coughed. It was horrid.

Then the person turned around. He must have heard her! He slowly stood up and Claire gasped upon looking at his... or rather it’s face. It’s flesh, rotted and putrid, it’s eyes white as a bone worm, and its mouth hung open with a ravenous hunger. It raised its arms, made a terrible moan and started toward Claire.

“I-I’m sorry to have disturbed you...” she stuttered. She began to step back, but the warped human kept coming closer, those bloodied teeth and hands reaching for her. “Stay back!” She yelled, but it did not hear her. When it as nearly centimeters away, it reached out and tried to grab her. On instinct, Claire ducked under it’s arms and made a run for the door. She skidded to a halt. Outside, dozens of people, of similar appearance to her attacker had gathered. All making the same hideous moan. All shambling towards the diner with a desire for human flesh.

Claire immediately turned around and headed for the back door, breaking into a full sprint. She burst through the door and came face-to-face with the barrel of a gun. A man, mid-twenties, blonde hair, police uniform, stood there with a very grim look on his face.

Claire raised her hands and stepped backward, “W-wait! Don’t shoot! I’m human!”

“Get down!” he yelled.

Without thinking, Claire hit the pavement. The man fired three shots, and she heard the sound of a body falling. Claire looked behind her, and the zombie was face first in the cement steps of the diner. She looked back up at the police officer. His hand was open and extended toward her.

“Come on! We have to get out of here!”

Claire gave him her hand, he pulled her up and they ran. They both just wanted to get as far away as possible from that place, and their flight lead them to police car.

“Get in!” The two of them jumped into the car, the officer into the drivers seat. He started up the car and jammed in the gas pedal.

“What’s going on in this town?” Claire asked in a panicked tone.

“I don’t know. I just got here and the whole town was crawling with these... zombies.” he responded. He was surprisingly cool and level-headed considering the situation.

“You’re a cop?”

He nodded. “First day on the job. My name’s Leon S. Kennedy.”

“Claire Redfield. I’m here looking for brother, Chris. He said he had gotten back from some assignment at a mansion a few months ago and I haven’t heard from him since.”

“I don’t know about that. All I know is that this town is overrun with undead.” He turned the corner and pickup as much speed as he could. The streets were absolutely packed with those things. “Open the glove compartment.”

Claire opened the compartment. “A gun?” A typical police sidearm, it looked like, along with a few extra magazines for it.

“You may need it.”

Claire picked up the weapon and loaded it. Pulled back the slide and heard the click as one round readied itself for use. She looked at the gun, it was the first time she had ever held one, and was probably the first time she would use it. It was... disconcerting. She turned to Leon to ask him something, but before she could utter a word. Someone from the back of the car sprang up, making a grab for her.

She screamed. The zombie grabbed her by the shoulder and bit her. She fought, but its had a grip of iron.

Leon then drew his gun, put into the creature’s jaw and fired. Claire moved her head to side as blood and brains splattered the car window.

Leon struggled to regain control of the car. He took his hands off the wheel for only a moment, but the car banked hard, and they slammed into a brick wall.

Claire shook her head, clearing the disorientation. She then looked at the bite wound in her arm. Claire could almost feel something inside her. She was infected. She knew it.

Leon saw the wound. He took a bottle of water from the cup holder in the car, and unscrewed the lid. He then took a small plant from his shirt pocket, scrunched it up and put it into the water. He shook the bottle hard, letting the ground plant dissolve into the liquid.

“Drink this.” he handed Claire the bottle. “The herbs that grow in the Arklay mountains are supposed to have healing and cleansing properties. It should get any infection out of your system.”

Without question, Claire took the bottle and began to drink. And she drank and she drank. In only a few seconds, the 500 ml bottle was empty. It wasn’t tasty, but Claire felt purified. She knew her body was free of the disease. “Thanks, Leon.”

“Sure.” he nodded. “I was thinking, we should probably-” Leon paused. He looked over at the brick wall, which was steadily getting brighter. The source of light coming from behind, he looked through rear window. The giant headlights of big semi truck was speeding towards them.

“That maniac’s going to ram us!” Claire shouted.

The two of them, as fast as they could move, opened the doors and dived out of the way. The truck slammed into the car at full speed. It’s oil tank ignited, causing a massive explosion of fire and debris.

“Unggh...” Claire moaned. Her ears were still ringing from the loud sound. She staggered, but tried to stand up. She was still shaken from the event, but she had to get ahold of herself if she was going to survive this.

“Claire!” she could hear Leon’s voice from the other side of the wreckage.

“Leon!”

“Head for the police station! I’ll meet you there!”

She gathered herself. Several more of the zombies had taken notice of the flaming wreck and were heading towards her. Claire took aim for the nearest one and fired.

_____

Claire burst through the police station’s doors, turned, slammed them shut, then locked them. She picked up a broken metal pipe as well, and stuck it through the door handles. Hopefully, Leon was already here, but she couldn’t risk the zombies getting in. She looked around, the station was empty, no souls in sight.

Subconsciously, Claire found her hand had somehow made its way to her crotch. Pressure had begun to build in her lower body, all that water had made its way through her system.

“My fault for having a fast metabolism, I guess.” she said to herself. It was a police station, though. With any luck, a bathroom would present itself. She tried the nearest door; locked. She tried the next nearest door; also locked. Anxiety began to well up within Claire.

“I had better not be trapped in here!” she said. There was one door left. She turned the knob, and the door opened. She came to an office, desks were placed everywhere as barricades, and the floor was littered with spent bullet casings. Bodies lay all over the room. It seemed the police made a stand here... and didn’t make it.

Claire listened, and she heard heavy breathing from across the room. A police officer, sat against the wall clutching a chest wound.

“Are you all right?” Claire ran over to the officer.

“Who... who are you?” he wheezed.

“My name is Claire Redfield. Have you seen my brother, Chris?”

The officer grunted in pain. “He disappeared a few weeks ago. After the incident at the Arklay Mansion, he, Jill, Barry, Brad and Rebecca came back trying to tell everyone that Umbrella Inc. was responsible for what happened, but no one would listen. We all thought they were nuts, all these reports on zombies and giant animals.” the wounded officer managed a small chuckle, “Shows how smart we were...”

Claire shifted where she stood, her thighs rubbing together slightly. “How did this happen?”

“Not sure. One day, we were finding a few bodies in the streets, then there’s rumors of monsters, and the next thing we know, the town is crawling with zombies.” he coughed hard, then pulled a card out of his jacket pocket. “Here. Take this.” he handed the card to Claire. “Use it and get out of here!”

“What about you?”

“I’m finished.” He aimed his gun at Claire. “Go on... get out of here!”

Claire was about to protest, but knew she couldn’t do anything. “I’ll be back for you.” and she left the way she came. As she left, she heard the door lock behind her. Upsetting, and on top of it all, she still needed to pee.

Pushing through the pain, she went over to the computer at the front desk. She slid the card through the reader, and the remaining doors unlocked with a resounding click! Her hand on crotch, she moved for the door.

A few zombies were waiting on the other side, Claire quickly dispatched them. The entire place was a mess, covered in loose papers and knocked over chairs. While survival was taking precedence, the need to urinate was making itself more prominent. Claire made a soft whine, it was like she had a cork in place, and something was trying to force its way out. The pressure raging against the walls of its prison, she knew she wasn’t going to last much longer. She continued on down a ruined hallway, when she saw a sign. The universal sign for men’s and women’s bathrooms. Joy filled her up, until something moved along the window. She stopped and looked around, her gun held in ready position. The faint sound of claws could be heard scraping against the wood of the walls and the soft squish of flesh dragging against it. Claire quietly crept forward, though her bladder was becoming increasingly impatient. Her ability to hold it was weakening with each passing second.

Then she stopped. Blood was dripping from the ceiling, and she could hear a rather sinister hiss! It sounded like breathing. She looked upward to see this fleshy creature attached to the ceiling. It’s head was nothing more than a brain and huge maw with extra sharp teeth, resembling thin daggers. It crawled on all fours, each appendage having gigantic claws protruding from it.

The monster seemed to be looking right through Claire. It shrieked, the dropped to the floor. It stood right in front of her, and Claire was sure she was going to die here. She was paralyzed in fear, her eyes shut tight.

“Oh, damn it!” she whispered.

Claire felt warm fluid begin to cover her crotch. The immense pressure she once felt began to lessen, and a faint hiss could be heard coming from her pants. She held her breath, as that warm fluid began to flow down her legs, and seeped into her boots. It felt undeniably good to be rid of that feeling, but the feeling of relief was quickly replaced by humiliation. She, a grown woman, had peed her pants.

The creature seemed alert to sound of Claire’s urine spraying the interior of her panties. Though it was beginning to walk off, the hiss! of her pee was audible enough. The creature shrieked again and raised its giant claw. Though unfinished peeing, Claire raised her weapon. The creature leapt into the air and Claire fired. The bullet struck the creature’s exposed heart, killing it instantly. She stepped to the side, and watched as the creature crashed into the floor.

Claire sighed and emptied the rest of her bladder. Her red leather unitard was soaked. Claire sat down on a nearby chair and began to unbuckle her boots. She removed one and held it upside down, letting the pooled urine fall out onto the floor. She did the same with the other boot. Looking at the floor, she was astounded that she had left so large a puddle. Her face turned bright red, but she had to continue on. Claire put her boots back on and pressed forward.

Next: Leon S. Kennedy

*002*2013-01-29 07:07

Thank you! Means a lot to me to hear that!

*004*2013-02-02 10:26

In spite of what the end of the story says, the next part of the story will likely not be about Leon, (because I'm still playing through Claire's story in RE2) and will probably be about Sherry Birkin instead.

For those who do not know, Sherry is the twelve year-old daughter of William Birkin, developer of Umbrella Inc's G-Virus.

For those who are patiently waiting, I thank you. Leon and Ada will have their due in time. Fear not.

*005*2013-02-05 00:03

Chapter 2

Claire entered the hallway to find two more zombies, but they were chasing someone. A child, a girl in a white school uniform with a blue skirt was huddled in the corner with the walking corpses drawing ever closer.

“Help me!” she cried.

Claire took her gun and aimed at the zombies’ heads. One shot a piece and the creatures were down. She ran over to the girl, her arms over head in fear, Claire reached out to ease the girl’s anxiety.

“No! Go away!” The short, blonde-haired girl yelled.

“It’s okay! I’m not a zombie!” Claire assured her.

The girl looked up at Claire, the tension in her eyes had begun to lessen, but not much. Whatever this girl went through had her traumatized. “My name’s Claire. What’s yours?”

“S-Sherry... Sherry Birkin.” She sniffled.

“What are you doing here by yourself, Sherry? Where are your parents?”

“I don’t know...” Sherry whimpered. “My mom told me to go here when the monsters started appearing.”

Claire put a hand on Sherry’s shoulder. “Well you’re safe now. Stay with me, I’ll protect you.”

Sherry managed a faint smile. She stood up, ready to hug Claire when she began sniffing. This wasn’t a sniff of fear or grief though. The younger girl looked down near Claire’s hips. Her right brow went straight up. “Claire... did you...?”

“I don’t even want to discuss it.” Claire said dryly, “Let’s just say grown-ups can get scared too and leave it at that.” She could almost feel her face turning red. How embarrassing it was, having to explain to a child why she peed in her own pants.

“Okay...” Sherry seemed slightly amused by the fact an adult woman could wet herself.

Claire turned her head, “Let’s just find a way out of here. We can’t stay in the police station, it’s not safe.”

___

As they searched the police station, the two finally made their way to a basement. The soft pitter-patter of foot steps could be heard around the corner.

“Stay close to me, Sherry.” Claire put her arm in front of the girl.

The foot steps were too light to belong to a person. This sounded more like... an animal. Claire readied her weapon, held her breath, then turned the corner. A dog was there, about ten meters away, it’s eyes white and it’s flesh rotting like every other zombie she had encountered. It saw Claire and quickly growled, showing its teeth in hunger. Then it broke into a sprint. Claire aimed and opened fire on the creature. The first shot missed, striking the brick wall in the back, the second shot missed, rupturing a water pipe, the third shot hit the dog in side. It yelped in pain and stumbled, but its dash wasn’t slowed. The dog leapt into the air, its maw wide open, poised for the kill. Claire fired one more time. The shot went clear through the zombified animal’s head, halting it aerial velocity. The carcass slammed into the floor and ceased all movement.

Claire exhaled. The looked over at the pipe she hit. Clean water was pouring from it, and under the pipe, a familiar plant was sitting in pot. It was one of those herbs that Leon has shown her. Claire ran over to the ruptured pipe and picked up the plant, taking a few leaves form it. Behind her, it looked like the coroner’s table for the station. A canteen was sitting there, unused. Claire picked it up, filled it with water from the broken pipe, then grounded up a few of the leaves and dropped them into the canteen.

Sherry looked confused. Claire walked over to her and showed her the canteen. “These herbs can counteract the virus that turns people into zombies. If you get bit by one, just drink this.” Sherry nodded in understanding. Claire smiled, it was good to see that this girl actually kept pretty cool, under the circumstances, but the sooner they got out the better. Claire looked around and found a double door. A sign next to it said “water treatment plant”.

Good. Claire thought. Maybe we can leave here without having to go through the infested streets. Claire pulled on the handle but the door wouldn’t budge. She looked in the top corner of the door to see the red light of an electronic lock. Below it, a card key reader. “Looks like we’ll have to find that key or find another way out.” Claire commented.

Claire and Sherry continued on, until they hit a dead end. “Great.” Claire sighed, “Now what?”

Claire leaned on the wall then slumped to the floor. She had been running for what felt like hours, and welcomed the chance to sit down. Meanwhile, Sherry looked around, noticing a broken grating near the floor. On the other side was a narrow alley that lead into the treatment plant.

“Claire!” Sherry exclaimed and pointed at the hole in the wall. “Look! I can get through that!”

Claire looked over at what Sherry was indicating. “Oh!” She said in surprise. Claire’s excitement then dropped. There was no way she was fitting through that little opening.

Sherry seemed to observe this as well, but her enthusiasm remained. “I can go through, and I’ll find the key!”

“No, Sherry!” Claire responded. “It’s way too dangerous!”

“We don’t have a choice! We can’t stay here; you said!” Sherry protested aloud. The young girl took the initiative. She slid through the grating and dropped to the floor.

“Sherry, No!”

“I’ll be all right, Claire! I can take care of myself!” Sherry reassured her.

Claire sighed in frustration. “All right, the take this with you.” She threw the girl the canteen she had put the herbs into. “You know what to do if you get bitten.”

Sherry took the canteen and nodded. “I’ll be careful, don’t worry!”

______

As quietly as she could, Sherry opened the door. She peered outside to see what was there. Two more of those zombie dogs were stalking the area, their mouths drooling from their intense, insatiable hunger. Sherry saw the door on the other side though. If there was a key, it was probably on that side. The girl swallowed hard. There was only one way through. She carefully tip-toed, being as careful as she could not to alert the undead canines. Sherry took about five steps when a loud slam! of metal hitting metal resounded. Sherry forgot to close the door behind her, and it shut on its own.

The dogs’ ears perked up. They looked over to see what had made the noise, seeing the little girl. With a voracious snarl, they began scampering over to Sherry.

Sherry didn’t panic. She couldn’t. Claire was depending on her. As the first dog made a running leap at her, Sherry ducked to the side, and the dog missed her completely, crashing hard into the chain link fence behind her. Sherry ran for the door, as fast as she could, then something grabbed her leg and she fell. Sherry felt four sharp objects pierce her ankle, as the thing that grabbed her clamped down on her leg. Sherry screamed, trying to shake the dog off. She finally used her free leg to kick the animal in the snout. It yelped, and Sherry wasted no time.

She limped to the door fast, and closed it as quickly as she opened it. She felt the door jolt twice as two objects crashed into it. Sherry fell to the ground. She looked at her ankle. A huge bite mark, not too much blood though. Then Sherry remembered. A bite from a zombie, even a zombie dog, would cause infection. Sherry quickly took the canteen of water and began drinking its contents. Not the tastiest thing, but Sherry felt better almost instantly.

She got up and searched the room. There, on a nearby overflow control panel lay a red card. “That must be it.” Sherry said to herself. She picked up the card and put it in the pocket of her shirt. She then looked over at the door. “There is no way I’m going back that way.” Sherry searched the room hoping to find another way out. She could hear a familiar moan from across the room...

______

Claire began pacing. It had been over a half-hour since Sherry left. She began to fret. She couldn’t forgive herself if that girl got killed trying to find the card key.

“Argh! I should have just tried the streets! I should never have let her go!” Claire shouted. She kicked a nearby empty can across the room. As the can flew, it struck a weapons locker, and the door slid open. Inside was something that would come in extremely handy: a grenade launcher!

“Finally, something good happens!” Claire ran over to the locker and picked up the launcher. It came with six rounds and a strap. Claire fixed the strap to the launcher and slung the weapon over her shoulder. Just as she did that, a small hand tugged at her jacket. Claire jumped, drew her gun and pointed. There was Sherry, undaunted and had a prideful smile on her face.

“I did it, Claire! I found the card!”

Claire sighed in relief. “Thank goodness! I thought-” She looked down at Sherry’s ankle. “You’re hurt!”

“It’s fine, Claire. I drank all the water and I began to feel better, just like you said.” Sherry reassured her.

Sherry had her legs crossed as she stood there. While she was happy she had accomplished her mission, the water passed through her system quickly. “Let’s get out of here, Claire.”

They proceeded through the treatment plant, but as time passed, Sherry’s discomfort grew more intense. Walking was becoming difficult, and the pressure build-up in her hips was proving to be a big distraction. Pain filled her... private area, and a small whimper escaped Sherry’s mouth.

“You okay?” Claire asked.

“Um... yeah... just nervous.” Sherry responded. Her knees were beginning to feel weak, and her hand went between her legs, tucking her skirt. “A-actually Claire... I really need to go to the bathroom.”

Sherry’s eyes then widened. She felt her lower body muscles loosen for only a moment, and she felt fluid escape her body, and spill into her panties. She regained control, but that little bit of warm liquid spreading in her underwear had her on edge.

Claire nodded in understanding. “All right, we’ll look around but there might not be anything.”

Sherry whined audibly. Her hand was tight on her crotch now. They kept on going, the moans, growls and footsteps of many kinds monsters constantly sounding.

Claire opened the next door which lead to a small office. She scanned the room with her gun. “All clear.” Her and Sherry walked in, and they both immediately noticed the universal sign for restroom, a simplistic male and female figure next to each other. “There, Sherry!” She ran over to the bathroom door and motioned Sherry over. “Come on, quickly!”

“Claire... I...” Sherry made a soft, but long whine through her nose. Her face was a highly noticeable red. Claire looked down at the girl’s skirt. A wet spot was beginning to form near the crotch area of her skirt, yellow fluid was pouring out from under her, and a puddle was quickly expanding below her on the concrete floor.

“Oh... too late...”

Sherry just stood there, hands at her sides, urine flowing out from under her. A tear formed at the girl’s left eye, followed by a sniffle. “I... I’m sorry... I couldn’t... (sniff)...”

“Aw, Sherry... don’t worry.” Claire walked over and hugged the distraught girl, despite the fact she hadn’t finished peeing. “Well now we’ve both done it, so don’t feel bad.”

Sherry wiped the tears from her eyes. “Thanks...” Somehow, knowing Claire had done the same thing brought a little comfort. She looked up at Claire, who smiled and shrugged her shoulders. They both laughed the accident off.

“All right, Sherry. I think it’s time to leave this awful place.”

The next segment will be about Leon and Ada.

