Pokemon girls omorashi

Author: Joey1234

*000*2019-01-01 02:05

I decided to make a series of stories about the girls from the Pokémon anime needing to pee whilst I come up with new ideas for my other topic

Part 1

Misty

As misty was on her way back to the cerulean city gym on her way back from a hike.

Since it was such a warm summers day misty had made sure to drink lots of water before and during her hike and she also had not used the bathroom when she reached a viewing station with a toilet.

Misty was starting to feel the pressure building inside her and it was becoming very irritable for her

Even though she had travelled across multiple regions she always hated peeing in the bushes and only did it when it was absolutely necessary and ever since she got back to cerulean city she had never had to pee outside since she became a full time gym leader.

Though this desperation led to another problem later she was focussing more on her bladder and not where she was going so she lost track of the way back to her home.

When misty realised this she frantically looked around trying to find the way back to the city. But she then realised that was the least of her worries as she felt a wave of desperation with the water in her bladder begging to be let out. Never less misty kept on walking trying to find the way back to her home

After 30 minutes of walking trying to find the right track another wave of desperation hit her causing a small spurt of piss to fly out of her dampening her panties. This spurt caused her to stop and jam her hands in her crotch stopping the rest of the flow from flying out.

Misty then realised she had no choice but to pee in the bushes which was one of the things she hated most about travelling.

She scoured her head round and saw a nearby bush that was big enough to hide her pee puddle. She hobbled over to it keeping her hands in her crotch out of fear of wetting herself. Once she was behind the bush and sure she was covered she unbuttoned her shorts and slid them down along with her slightly damp under wear. She then got herself into a squatting position and after making sure no one was around she let the flood come out.

The effect was almost instant as soon as she relaxed her bladder muscles a trickle of pee came out her pee hole followed by a powerful stream of thick clear piss coming out of her at such at rate that she was impressed at how much she could hold

Once the stream died down after about a minute she took a leaf and wiped herself dry. She then pulled up her shorts and walked off soon finding her way home

The end

So what did you think cool if I could get some feedback

*003*2019-01-01 16:59

I'll do my best even though I don't know much about that time in the anime

*004*2019-01-01 22:46

I decided to go in a different direction from my usual structures

Part 2 Serena

Serena was on her way home alone from her mothers late night ryhorn race. Usually her mother would refuse to let her walk home alone but since she lived a short distance from the track her mother was racing on and also for the most part she would be with her friends her mother allowed it.

Though another thing she failed to mention to anybody was something a lot more personal and that was her need to pee.

Since she had a lot to drink at the racing ground and she got dragged off by her friends before she had got a chance to use the bathroom her need had been building up the entirety of the way home and also she and her friends had stopped at the local park for a few hours where the toilet was out of order.

Serena began to look around for a bathroom as she knew she probably wouldn't make it home in time. After quite a long time she had to resort to digging her hands in her crotch.

After a while she had realised something she was completely alone and no one was around she could pee anywhere she wanted and no one would see. From a young age she always got a sense of thrill from peeing away from a toilet. And she used to do it whenever she got the chance.

She speared her towards a nearby gutter and thought that would be a good place to pee.

She walked over there with a grin starting to form on her face as she hiked up her skirt and lowered her white panties. She slowly lowered herself into a squatting position. She once more looked around to make sure no one was nearby before relaxing her bladder.

Soon enough a small trickle of urine started coming out of her which soon turned into a powerful stream. Once the stream went full force Serena started breathing loudly as she had forgotten how good this had felt and how much she enjoyed peeing outside. She continued peeing for almost another minute before it cut off.

Serena stood up and pulled up her panties. When this was done she looked down and noticed most of the pee had missed the gutter and landed on the pavement creating a massive puddle on the floor. Serena giggled and then walked off Like nothing had ever happened.

The end

So what did you think

*006*2019-01-02 18:13

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

These are great

}}

Thanks can't wait to get to writing more

$$

*011*2019-02-21 18:40

Hey guys I don't know if anyone goes on this but I need some suggestions for the next part and who I should use?

$

*014*2019-02-23 22:28

{{On 2/22/2019 at 4:13 AM, Ghostblade913 said:

How about

$iframe frameborder="0" height="344" width="459" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iBN_SUfW2OM?feature=oembed" *chanting* Milf milf milf milf

}}

Gotta be honest no clue who this is

{{On 2/21/2019 at 9:08 PM, Dwayne said:

Well, the bost before you mentioned May in a Meme. She's my favorite Pokegirl, so how about her?

}}

A little over used but I'll give it a try

$$

*016*2019-02-23 23:59

{{6 minutes ago, Ghostblade913 said:

This is lusamine the main antagonist of Pokémon sun and moon.

}}

Cheers

*017*2019-02-25 16:12

Part 3

May

As may quickly cycles down to the region professer to revive her first pokemon a burst of excitement filled her that she hadn't felt in years as soon asbshe turned ten her first thought was starting her pokemon journey

Though one thing she forgot about was much more severe since she had left her home in such a hurry she had forgotten to relieve herself before she left her home and the pressure in her bladder was starting to build as she had a lot to drink in the morning. she continued to cycle until the urge forced her to wheel her bike the rest of the way.

She continued like this for about five minutes before her bladder spasmed forcing her to hold herself to stop her from wetting.

She then remembered something her mother had told her before she left which was that she would have to squat and pee in the bushes. luckily for may there was a nearby bush a few steps from her and she slowly hobbled towards it

Once she was fully covered she hiked her skirt up and removed her panties with one hand keeping the other on her crotch. she then lowered into a squat and let the flow come out as a thick stream clear piss flew out of her at such a pace she moaned. this continued for a minute until the flow stoppd and she went on her way

