Desperate Highschooler

Author: Gods Of Death

*000*2013-03-16 01:26

Hello. I decided to wrote this based on an experience. Of coarse I modified it, I love my alternate ending. The descriptions of the people stay the same, so if you recognize this, I may know you. BUt, since you were on this site, you can't mack me. ^_^ Enjoy, I think my writing is good but...

The Korean doubled over in his seat. Never had he been this uncomfortable in his life. His lower abdomen was killing him. It was the last period of the day, band, but he desperately wished school was out already. The hipster walked over to the teacher and 'discretely' told her, "I need to go number one..." All those who had heard him laughed.

She just sighed at his choice of words. "You'll have to wait for Evan to come back." Nate sighed and walked back over to his seat.

About 15 minutes later, Evan cam back. Nate sighed with relief. He hurried over to the boy to get the hall pass, but Alex got there first. "Um, Alex?" The percussionist was getting on his nerve. "I kinda have to go."

"I forgot my home work." The smaller man retorted. Of coarse that trumped Nate.

Nate hobbled back to his seat whining about how he had to go. "It's just pee. You can hold it." The teacher had over heard him moan about his bladder.

He sat in agony for another few minutes until Alex cam back. Quickly he jumped up to get the hall pass before any one else could interrupt him. He scurried down the hall not wanting to pee himself. Though he was desperate, it was hard for him to walk. All the liquid inside him sloshed around as he briskly walked down the hall. He resorted to putting his hand on his crotch to keep it in. It wasn't like any of his numerous friends would see him.

He made it to the bath room in time, but he was holding his crotch so desperately, he couldn't undo his fly. He groaned at the effort it was taking him to keep it in. Suddenly, it all broke free, Nate had reached his limit. Hot streams of golden liquid trickled down his legs soaking his hipster jeans.

For a moment he sat in his puddle gawking at the childish thing he did. Then he wondered how he was going too deal with it. It was the middle of school and he had a very high reputation. To his relief the bell rang. He heard students bustling about be hind the restroom door. "That's it." He muttered to no one in particular. "I’ll wait until they've all gone and walk home. My parents won't be back until five or so.

After he hadn’t heard a sound for while a while, he cautiously stepped into the hall. He began to walk away from the bathroom, when suddenly he heard a voice from behind him.

"Nate?" He turned to see Sabrina, a shot fat girl no one liked. He went to church with her but never really payed her any mind.

He immediately broke down crying. It was humiliating to be seen in this wet state. Surely she would spread the word all over face book and or twitter.

She walked over to where he was sitting and bawling. She crouched down near to him and rubbed his back in soothing circles. "Shh. It's all right."

Slowly he began to stop crying. "Why is she being so nice to me?" He asked himself. "She's so mean to eery one, including her few friends."

Eventually, his cries turned into small hiccups. "What's wrong."

"C-can't you see? I, one of the most popular people, wet myself like a toddler."

She gave him a small frown. "It's all right, nothing permanent." HE nodded and stood up. He had to get home and change, but Sabrina stopped him, "Would you like a ride home? I can drive you."

He nodded, he felt like he had been through so much and deserved a ride home. He followed the nerdy girl to her car where he got in the passenger seat. "I hope I don't ruin your seats." He looked down and blushed, he still wasn't over being seen after wetting his pants.

"It's alright. I was going to get them replaced next week." They drove to his house in awkward silence. Though Nate was a social person, he had no idea what to talk about with this girl. She was odd.

Soon they got to his house. "thanks." All she gave in response was a nod and she drove off. Nate couldn't help but wonder why she wasn't cruel to him then.

I am quite content with this... No flames, my first one.

Oh, by the way, I used real names cause I’m in-creative. My hope is that the person I wrote about doesn't read this. ^/////^

*003*2013-03-17 01:20

I apologize for the color... I did this on my iPod, the back round is white instead of black, I'll fix it. Gomen nasai.

*005*2013-03-22 14:29

I'm going to post more! Hahaha! Same guy, my instincts tell me he read this and wants to see if it is me by giving me more bait, or, he's just into desperation. Again, this is alternate ending, he just gives me muse.

Nate sat in his seat and sighed. He was at a concert hall listening to some classical group. He was bored out of his mind, but his girlfriend made him go. He didn't even like her, he was just going out with the girl because she was deemed 'popular' and 'sexy'. In his opinion, she was rather plain. She was tall, athletic, tan, and had long chocolate hair. Just like every 'attractive' girl.

Now he was stuck listening to some orchestrator play pieces that were hundred or so years old. What was worse, he didn't have his phone. It had died over the weekend and he forgot to charge it. He nearly groaned at the thought that there were still 2 hours left.

He did the only thing a hipster could do at a concert like this, he fell asleep.

He awoke an hour and a half later by a loud noise. Apparently, the group was playing 'Surprise Symphony'. the loud sudden noise caused him to yelp and let out a spurt from his bladder he didn't know was full.

Katy, the girl with him, glared at him for causing a ruckus. Nate just shrugged and tried to pay attention to the orchestra rather than his now full bladder.

He couldn't help himself, a little spurt came forth with a little hissing. He almost moaned in relief, that felt so good. He looked over at Katy to see if she heard his hissing, she was still focused on the music. Nate laughed inside his head, he could get away with anything.

Slowly, he let his dam release. It felt amazing, not only the relief, the fact that he was getting away with this in a huge group of people. slowly, his black pants grew darker with urine. No one would be able to see it in this light.

Nate leaned back in his now soaked chair and smirked. He had won this battle against his bladder. No one would ever know. 'Until the lights come on.' A little voice in his head confirmed his fears. when the lights turned on, every one would know. Katy would spread the rumour around school like AIDS.

'Unless', the nagging voice was back. This time, it had more helpful news. 'You break up with that slut and she leaves crying. Then, you'll be alone. No one would know your real reason.'Nate mentally nodded, thanking the voice.

After the group was done, Nate leaned over to Katy, "I think we should break up." He wasn't too discrete with his words, he didn't care, he wanted this girl gone.

Katy stopped clapping and stared at the perfect Korean face. "What? Why?"

"You heard me, I just don't think our personalities match" In anger, the girl slapped his face and stormed out of the concert hall. Nate smiled at how perfectly the plan went. He hadn't been expecting the lap though.

He stood u and left his yellow tinged seat. If any one asked, he could just say he spilled lemonade, even though drinks were not allowed for that exact reason.

Muahahaha! Another chapter done. I might continue if this guy keeps giving me more to write about. I appreciate comments.

