Home Intrusion

Author: MrSmallman

*000*2014-01-04 05:41

"Bye, Honey. We'll see you tomorrow. Love ya!" Sierra's parents had to go out of town for the night, so she would be staying the night by herself.

"Love you, too." Sierra replied. She watched through the main window as the family sedan pulled out of the driveway and headed down the street illuminating the darkness with its headlights as it went. Sierra had always loved movies, and especially comedies. She walked down the hallway to her bedroom and put in the sequel to a movie she had been wanting to see.

Routinely, she got herself a bag of microwave popcorn and a couple bottles of soda while the previews rolled on her T.V. set. Sierra was a tall, normal built, black haired girl, and didn't have many friends, or she would have spent the night at their houses.

Since today she had school, she was wearing a more decent outfit of a red t-shirt and light gray jeans. She returned to her bedroom and flopped on the queen sized mattress while pressing play on the remote. The movie was a story about a Fraternity vs. Sorority prank war, and she'd been waiting to see this for weeks since the original came out. Little by little, Sierra was drawn into her movie and soon became oblivious to her surroundings, such as the fact that it was now raining hard.

Suddenly, a loud crash of glass snapped her out of the oblivion. Scared, she inched her way to the door frame and peered into the family room to find a bulky and fat man dressed in solid black holding a gun and sack in his hands. She watched as he rifled through their belongings and stuffed valuables in Barracks the cloth knapsack. Her body trembled, not wanting to believe her eyes.

After turning off the light, she hid on the side of the bed and turned the power on her television off. The clicking of heavy footsteps on soft carpet drew louder as he headed right for her room. Her heart rate doubled and breathing was rapid as she awaited her fate. The door flung open and cracked a hole in the wall as he stormed in the dark room.

Sierra tried her best to conceal her breathing hoping blind luck was on her side. After cleaning of her dresser of all her jewelry, he noticed her head poking out of the corner of her bed. He covered her mouth and drug her into the basement as her silenced screams vainly died out. He grabbed a rope and tied her down to a post next to their laundry equipment. The man's raspy voice enter Sierra's ears.

"I really wish you weren't here, because now things have come to this." The man pointed the handgun at Sierra. She shook violently and tried vigorously to escape her bindings. The man pulled back the hammer on the rear of the gun, but then stopped.

"What a humiliating way to die." His eyes watched the wet spot on Sierra's jeans grow into a puddle that encompassed her butt. Her light gray jeans became increasingly soaked with urine as she turned her head away from the man. He chuckled and slowly depressed the trigger. A loud gunshot filled the room.

Sierra still had her eyes closed, and wondered why she wasn't dead. She open her eyes to see blood pooling on the floor originating from the man's chest. A sharp metal pole protruded from his chest as he collapsed to the floor. There stood her neighbor, a slim, dark haired boy who moved in next door. He stumbled behind the post and untied her. Sierra bolted into his arms squeezing him with the tightest hug she could and didn't release him for a while. His jacket was soaked from her tears by the time she did.

"H-how did you know?" Sierra asked with her voice broken by sobs.

"I didn't. My mother asked me to come over here and see if we could borrow some flour. I noticed the broken window, and couldn't help myself. You should go get changed, I'll alert the authorities." Sierra walked up the stairs in shame, humiliated she wet herself, especially in front of such a nice kid.

She showered and put on a clean outfit as the police knocked on the door. She opened the door to be blinded by the lights of several emergency vehicles, and was asked by the officer several questions. Following the interview, she talked with her savior and gave him her complete gratitude. The time following this incident, she formed a strong bond with this boy, becoming friends, and eventually his wife.

*001*2014-01-05 04:11

*omit the word Barracks. Not sure how or why its there or what it was supposed to be.

