Summer with Snape - Page 6

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*126*2012-01-05 01:35

I'm starting to suffer from a bit of writer's block, so I may not update for the next two days, we'll see though. Gonna go brainstorm tonight though lol. Anyways hope you like this chapter.

Chapter 23

Harry woke up the next morning in his bed to a soaked pull up, and he gently rubbed his stomach. It was still tender and it was hurting a little bit. He tried not to remember what he did yesterday in the corner but with his stomach like it was feeling that was impossible. Going to the loo, he threw away the pull up and washed up before getting dressed. He headed down to the kitchen to eat breakfast, as he was sitting their working on his porridge he felt his bladder twinge. That wasn’t unexpected he didn’t use the toilet when he woke up this morning, but he wasn’t all that worried. That was until he felt a spurt just come out without any warning.

“May I be excused sir?” He asked holding on his groin for extra precaution.

“After you eat your breakfast Harry,” Severus stated not even looking up from his paper.

“I forgot to use the loo sir,” he answered trying not to whine.

“Your excused Harry,” Severus answered immediately putting the paper down.

Harry ran to the nearest bathroom, where he barely made. His boxers were soaked through and were cold, and starting to stick to his legs. Quickly rushing up the stairs to his room his threw off his trousers and underwear and even though he couldn’t believe what he was about to do, he grabbed a pull up and put it on. Looking at himself in the mirror he couldn’t even tell that he was wearing one. He went back downstairs to the kitchen avoiding the dark gaze that was looking at him in concern, he finished his breakfast.

“Harry is everything ok?”

“Its fine sir,” he answered before taking a gulp of his juice.

“Why did you go back upstairs, did you have an accident?” Severus asked dark gaze staring unblinking back at the child.

“I…I just forgot something sir, what are we going to be doing today?” Harry asked trying to change the subject.

“Do you think that we should resume our trip after your behavior yesterday?” Severus asked serious.

Harry’s eyes widen before filling with tears, shaking his head no he refrain from speaking. Of course you idiot, you embarrassed him yesterday, but didn’t he say that he wasn’t angry about the mess in the corner?

“I’m so sorry sir, I will go get the stain out today I promise. I shouldn’t have asked about that after what I did sir,” Harry answered quickly.

“Not what happened in the corner, like I said before that wasn’t your fault. I was referring to yours and Mr. Weasleys fight at the Burrow.” Severus stated running his hand through his hair in disbelief.

“Oh, then I guess I don’t deserve to finish the trip. I’m sorry I ruined it for you sir.” Harry replied mournfully.

Harry was no stranger to punishment whether it is justly or unjustly. He would take it silently and be done with it. He knew that he had earned whatever the man would throw at him.

“You haven’t ruined anything child, but for the rest of the week you will be writing lines for fighting. Every night for an hour, when we come back from our outings, you will be writing, ‘I will use my words instead of my fists’.”

“You mean we’re still going?” Harry asked hopefully.

“Of course child,” Severus answered.

Severus would never take away something that the child never had the experience of having. Not to mention he enjoyed every minute he spent it with Harry, and he couldn’t wait until Albus came over with the guardianship papers. While he was on the subject he needed to find a way to break it to Harry. Just because the boy accidently let the word Dad slip every now and again, didn’t mean that he wanted to stay with his Greasy potions Professor.

“So where are we going today?”

“Apparate us back to the car, we will be driving to Deer Leap Bikes. Do you know how to Ride a bike Harry?”

“Yes sir, Miss Figg taught me one weekend.” Harry was never more grateful that he had learned on her daughter’s old bike then at that moment.

Severus was a bit shock at that admission, not that Harry knew how to ride a bike, but the fact that he was referring to Arabella who was a squib and an order member. Later he would have to talk to Harry about her, what was Albus thinking leaving only her to check in with Harry? Severus had to admit, then again that leaving Harry with Petunia wasn’t one of his good ideas.

Thankful that his bags were still in their hotel room, Harry grabbed his video game Knapsack and reached for Snape’s hand. They apparated to the car where Harry chose to sit down in the front seat this time. As he twisted in his seat to get comfortable he gently touched his still sore stomach and sighed unhappily that it seemed to be already filling up.

“How long is the ride sir?”

“It’s about a 40 minute drive without traffic, but since it’s early in the morning I doubt there will be any. You already used the loo before we left right?”

“Yes sir, I’m fine.”

Getting out his game, Harry took out Mario and started playing it. He would have to ask his Professor if he could charm it so it could work at Hogwarts. His Game Boy was way to brill to leave behind at the Manor. He was so caught up in his game that he didn’t notice that traffic seemed to be extremely heavy that morning for some reason. He actually didn’t have a reason to look up, until he felt that familiar and annoying twinge in his bladder. Looking up out the window he was dismayed to see that the cars on the highway were at a standstill, why weren’t they moving?

“Professor, what’s going on?”

“I don’t know Harry, but I’m going to assume there is an accident up ahead.”

“So how long will it be now?”

“If the traffic remains like this, it could take about 2 hours. But if it lets up I’d say about 45 minutes.”

“Oh, ok this really sucks.”

Harry tried to return to his game, but once he acknowledged the fact that he had to pee he couldn’t stop himself from thinking about it. He kept going back to his accident yesterday in the corner, and it was stressing him and his bladder out. Over the course of 7 minutes Harry went from having to go, to needing the toilet now! He shifted in his seat like he was trying to get comfortable again, occasionally sighing quietly. He found himself looking discreetly around the car for a water bottle, but it seemed that Snape had cleaned everything out. He glanced quickly at Snape who seemed to be drumming with his hands on the steering wheel, as he eyed the traffic. What was he supposed to do?

Putting his Game Boy back in his knapsack, he put his entire bag on his lap and was able to slip his hands into his pants to give himself a little squeeze without Snape noticing a thing.

Severus could see the child moving around in his seat out of the corner of his eye, but he just chalked it up to being restless. After all they were stuck in traffic, and he knew the child was probably getting tired of sitting and was excited about the bike trip.

Harry squirmed a little bit more before leaning towards the glove compartment like he was trying o see out of the front window. He was glad that he had out a pull up on now, but he still had no intention of wetting himself like a little baby. Maybe he could bring it up to the man kind of casually, so he wouldn’t suspect anything.

“Professor, can we stop somewhere?” Harry asked casually.

“Why, what’s the matter Harry?” Severus asked immediately concerned.

“I think I need to use the loo,” Harry admitted softly.

“What do you mean you think? Didn’t you just go back at the Manor, not 2 hours ago?”

“Well yes, but my stomach is feeling kind of funny.” Harry said softly, what was the matter with him if he just barely went a few hours ago? Why couldn’t he hold it?

“Oh I see child, Harry soon as we start moving I’ll try to get over.” Severus stated understanding wrong.

Harry turned his face to the window, because he knew he was blushing. This was even worse than having his Professor know that he had to pee, this time the man thought he had to poop. He should have just told the man that ever since yesterday he was having a hard time holding it in. He stilled once as he wondered if he really did damage something inside of him. As he was pondering on what that meant he felt a small spurt hit the pull up and he instinctively looked at his trousers to see if it was showing. Nothing was visible of course but that didn’t stop him from trying not to freak out that he leaked.

“I gotta go Professor,” Harry declared in the silence of the car.

“I know child, as soon as I can get over I will stop somewhere I promise.” Severus avowed as he continuing trying to find and open space.

Unable to keep still for any longer, Harry found himself wriggling in his seat like a little worm. He knew the man thought he had to poop, and in a way that was a good thing. Because he knew the man definitely didn’t want him to do that in the car. He found that leaning forward in the seat helped hold it in immensely; although he didn’t realize how it looked to the man next to him because he was so focused on holding on.

Severus knew the minute the boy asked to stop somewhere that he needed the loo. Granted he was sure the child had just gone not a few hours before, but after the strain of his body yesterday he wouldn’t be surprised. But that wasn’t the case; the child had stated that his stomach was feeling funny. And after seeing the position the boy was currently sitting in he had no doubt in his mind about what the boy needed to do. It seemed like no one was in a good mood this morning because he could not seem to get over. Checking on Harry he was troubled to see that the boy’s face was the picture of anguish and he was gritting his teeth so hard Severus was afraid he would crack them. He watched the child tremble and shudder before closing his eyes tight, what was going on?

“Harry child, are you ok?”

Harry stifled a whimper as he struggled to hold it all in, he knew he wasn’t going to make it. Just as he thought it, he felt his bladder let go, and he could feel the pull up getting wet. Closing his eyes, he wasn’t going to cry over this after all Severus didn’t even know of his accident. So he didn’t have to worry about embarrassing the man about the fact that his pretend son couldn’t even hold his liquid in.

“I’m fine Professor,” Harry answered breathlessly from his relief.

“We’ll be there soon, and then you can go ok? You are doing great Harry,” Severus encouraged.

Harry found himself feeling a bit guilty, here the man was encouraging him to hold it and he had already gone. He rationalizes that this was better; at least he didn’t have to feel too humiliated, because after all he was the only one who knew of his accident. He couldn’t stop the faces he made as the pull up got colder and gross against his skin. Snape just thought, he was worried about holding it all it.

Severus was finally able to get over one lane but by then Harry was making faces, and he couldn’t help but sympathize. The child was probably in agony, and he was still stuck on the highway. Reaching his hand over he patted his back, to let him know that it was ok.

Harry was trying to figure out how he was going to explain this one. After they stopped and he got rid of the pull up was he going to have to commando all day? Or did Snape bring a spare pair of boxers like before? That was going to be an uncomfortable conversation he just knew it, but it was either that or get a rash from his jeans.

Severus sighed in relief when he was finally able to get off the highway. Harry had been really silent for the past couple minutes and he wasn’t sure what was going on. Stopping at the first place he saw which just happened to be a supermarket, he parked.

“We’re here Harry, let’s go find you toilet child,” Severus said getting out of the car.

Harry realized that the wet pull up was hard to walk in, and it gave him sort of a strange kind of walk. Keeping his head down he waited for Snape before heading to the store.

Severus observed the way the child was walking and he was hoping that what he was thinking was wrong. The boy was literally waddling as he walked, and he had a feeling that they were a tad too late. Walking through the store and to the loo, he knew that he was mistaken when the boy ran full speed towards the toilets. By the time he had entered the loo, Harry was already in a stall.

Harry sat down on the toilet and took the pull up off before balling it up and hiding it behind the toilet. He didn’t know what to do with it, and as he pulled his jeans up he didn’t like the way it felt against him. He then stood up and tried to force any remaining pee that was in his bladder, just to be safe. Flushing the toilet, he came out of the stall and he washed his hands before turning to the man.

“Is everything ok Harry?”

“Did you bring extra underwear like before?” Harry asked face burning in mortification.

“I did just in case; you never know what might happen.”

“Good, when we get to the bike place can I put it on?” Harry asked now choosing to stare at his shoes rather than the man’s face.

“Why do you need to…oh…but I thought you made it?” Severus asked mildly confused.

“I’m sorry sir, I tried too, I really did but…”

“Calm down child, it was the traffic that held us up, no need to worry.”

Severus's heart dropped a bit more, this was twice in a week. What was going on with the child? He shook his head at his stupidity, yesterday didnt count since that was all his fault. But he couldnt shake the feelining that Harry wasnt telling him something, he would figure that out later.

Deciding to take the back streets, Severus was happy to note that they arrived at their destination in under 30 minutes. Grabbing the bag with Harry’s change of clothes they headed to the loo, and then to the trails.

*128*2012-01-05 06:13

{{:

Poor Harry! Snape is so sweet with him though (: love it. Goodluck with your writers block!

}}

He is, isnt he...and Thanks..

*130*2012-01-05 07:39

{{:

Poor Harry! Still, the relationship between him and Severus is really adorable. ^_^ I hope you're writers block works itself out. I get writers block all the time, but I find I can work through it faster if I start writing a few different plots in a few directions the story I'm working on can go. Hope that helps and good luck!

}}

Its starting to get unblocked...its just random..like I started writing Chapter 25 and finished it ...when I havent even barely started with Chapter 24 lol...No idea how that happened. Bascially I added all my notes and ideas on a sheet of paper and trying to work through that...I dont know...but its a slow process... I really do love this story though, as a writer and a reader...I love Harry and Snape. Thanks for your idea on what you do to unblock it too

*133*2012-01-06 02:27

{{:

It's a great chapter, once again! Idon't know how you don't always have writer's block because each chapter is always just a little bit better than the last one, so that now at chapter 24 or 25, it's no wonder you can't figure out how to top what you did last. lol

Great Writing!

}}

Thanks, I'm working on it though it a slow going but I finally got chapter 24..if it sucks just know that the next one will be better

{{:

Great chapter! And writer block sucks. :( I write some fanfiction on another site and I get so frustrated when I have it. I hope it goes away soon!

}}

Yes its annoying, tell me about it..I hope so too and thanks

*135*2012-01-06 02:34

Working through my block, I got this chapter on today..its not the best its long though the next one is better...but I'm trying like I said

Chapter 24

Back at the hotel Harry was looking curiously as Severus who had been acting strange since he received mail just a few minutes before. The man was now muttering to himself, and it was starting to alarm Harry. Between every sentence Harry found himself looking at the man to see if his stance changed.

“Professor are you feeling ok?” He finally asked.

“I’m quite alright Harry,” Severus replied absentmindedly.

“Severus I wet my pants,” Harry stated trying to see if the man was really paying attention to him.

“That’s nice Harry, good for you child,” was his reply.

Harry stifled the grin that was overtaking his face, he had called the man by his first name and he didn’t even notice. What was so important? Maybe since the man wasn’t paying attention to him he could tell him, how he couldn’t seem to hold it for so long. Maybe then he would stop feeling so guilty about keeping it a secret, plus if Snape wasn’t paying attention he had nothing to worry about right? At the moment his curiosity was back full force and he found himself walking silently to stand behind the man. He only got to glance at the paper for a second before the man came to this senses and it was pulled away from his line of sight.

“Just what do you think you were doing Mr. Potter?”

“I was…um… that is to say…wondering what we were going to do today?” Harry attempted to lie convincingly for once.

“You want to try again?”

“No sir, I’ll stick with what I said.”

“That wasn’t a request, what did you think you were doing Harry?”

“I wanted to see what was making you act so weird, it was freaking me out ok?”

“I understand Harry, but this is private and if you would refrain from trying to read my personal belongings in the future I would be most appreciative. Not to mention it would be more beneficial to your health.

“Yes sir, I understand,” Harry replied before going back to his lines.

In the middle of writing his lines Snape got up and headed to the loo for a shower, but Harry knew to leave well enough alone and didn’t search for the letter. As he was writing he noticed the words were starting to blur together, and he found himself drifting off on the desk. That was how Snape found him, hunched over the desk face on his parchment, quill still in hand.

“Harry, child I need you to wake up and go to the loo, then you can go back to sleep.”

“I’m too tired, can’t I just stay here?” He murmured face first in the desk.

“That’s not going to be at all comfortable child, besides you still need to put on your underwear.”

“You mean the pull up?” Harry asked sleepily, wasn’t he already wearing underwear?

“Yes, so the sooner you do that, then the sooner you can go to bed.”

“K,” Harry replied.

He was aware that he was still half asleep as he made his way into the loo, but it didn’t register that anything was amiss until he had finished. As he was walking to the sink, he felt his sock get wet, and thought that maybe some water was wasted on the floor. Too tired to pay attention, he put on the pull up, before peeling off the wet socks and heading to bed.

Severus went in after to the child, and saw that the boy had missed. Next time the boy needed the loo when he was sleep, make sure to wake him up first. He itched to use his wand, but he was serious when he told the child, a witch or wizard could also be here, and they didn’t need any more attention drawn to their situation. Cleaning up the mess on the floor, he tried to figure out what and how he was going to tell Harry, Albus had sent the guardianship papers but he didn’t want to sign a thing unless he knew what the child wanted. But Albus clarified that he needed them signed as soon as possible or Fudge or worse Malfoy would try to get their hands on Harry. And Severus would never allow his son to have to deal with that.

The next morning found Harry unable to look the man into the eye, he was so embarrassed. He can remember using the loo before bed, and then stepping in something warm on the way out, what are the odds right? New plan for this trip, try not to humiliate self more, he thought silently. At the moment he really needed to let his teacher in on his little secret, for once he was glad that he could confide in an adult and know that they would listen to him.

“Professor, when we went to the muggle doctor, why were they calling us Prince? I thought that your last name was Snape?”

“It is, but Prince was my mother’s maiden name. I use that name as an alias.”

“Oh so in the muggle world, I’m known as Harry Prince?”

“In a sense, or rather I have you named as Henry Prince. They just assume that Harry is a nickname, does it bother you Harry?”

“No, that’s really cool.”

“Harry what would you say if you could stay with me next summer?” Severus asked trying to ease into the subject of the guardianship.

“At the Manor, you would allow that?” Harry asked getting excited at the thought.

“If it’s what you wanted I could persuade Albus to allow you too.”

“And I don’t have to go back to the Durselys next summer at all?” Harry asked eyes shining with hope.

“Not unless you want too, which I know is highly unlikely child.”

“So what are you saying Professor? Why would the Headmaster allow this now, don’t I have to go back because of the blood wards?” Harry asked trying not to be too pessimistic, but he refused to allow himself something just for it to be taken away from him.

“Well Albus and I have declared that the Durselys are unfit to be your guardians. And he…I…we thought that maybe you would like to stay here with me?” Severus said bracing himself for the rebuke he knew was coming.

“You mean it?” Harry asked wide and suspiciously shining. If Snape could do this, then he was definitely right when he said that the Headmaster didn’t have all the power in the summer.

Severus shook his head; he should have just come out and said it rather they beating around the bush with the child. Well it was better late than never right?

“Do you want to come live with Harry? I mean have me be your new guardian?”

“Yes, of course I do, when do we tell the Headmaster?”Harry asked grinning, Snape really did want him.

“Harry this is a big decision so are you sure you want to live with your Potion’s Professor?” Severus asked wanting the child to make an informed choice.

“I want it more than anything; please can I stay with you?” Harry asked his emerald green eyes stared back at the dark gaze of Severus.

“Of course my child, just let me sign and send the papers back to Albus,” Severus finally replied trying to clear his throat.

“Ok,” Harry beamed.

While he watched Snape take the papers Harry tried to figure out how their conversation got to this when he was trying to explain to the man about his bladder. Wouldn’t it be unfair to the man when he found out his kid couldn’t hold his pee like a normal child? Harry sighed, well he knew it was too good to be true, I’d better tell Snape before he finds out himself, he thought. And he knew without a doubt that the man would find out.

“Wait Professor, before you sign the papers,” Harry stiffly stated.

Severus stilled his movements instantly, was the boy having second thoughts already. Forcing himself to occlude the hurt feeling he felt coming up, he turned his full attention to the child.

“What’s the matter Harry, are you having second thoughts now?” He asked trying his best but failing at trying to sneer.

“No I’m not having second thoughts sir, I just wanted you to know what you would be getting is all,” Harry said eyes downcast in shame.

“What are you talking about Harry, I know exactly what I’m getting; you, you foolish child.” Severus answered half-way confused.

“Yes I know that, but I have a lot of problems.”

“You are a child, and I am the adult, and I already know this. But it didn’t matter before, and it won’t in the future. So what are you really trying to tell me Harry?”

“Ever since the…um…I was in the corner, I’ve been having trouble holding it in. Or sometime I have to go way to soon from when I wouldn’t normally have too. Sometimes my stomach still hurts like someone punched me in it.”

“Why didn’t you tell me this earlier? And what does this have to do with me signing the guardianship papers?” Severus said turning his full attention to the child.

“Well you already know I wet the bed, and that my Aunt and Uncle hurt…I mean they don’t like me, I didn’t think you would want to add this in to all this. I don’t want you to have to take care of a kid with all this baggage.” Harry said finally admitting it.

“Harry I am the adult for the last time, now if that was all I am about to sign these papers. And after I do we will be heading back to Dr. Jenson’s so she can run another can to see if everything is alright with you.”

“I don’t want to go back to see her, I don’t like her.” Harry said with a frown.

“I know Harry; if you want this time I’ll come in with you?”

“Ok,” Harry stated happily.

Going to the Doctor’s office this time, Harry was nervous. True Snape wouldn’t let the Headmaster take him away and he sure as heck could handle himself against a muggle, but why attempt fate, right? The minute she called him, he grabbed tight to the man’s hand and wouldn’t let go. He didn’t care how old he was, he didn’t even look his age so he could get away with it.

“Hello again Harry, how are you doing?” Dr. Jenson asked, hoping that the boy wasn’t still mad at her.

Harry said nothing, and instead looked at her eerily like he had seen Snape do, with his green eyes as bright as they were he had the pleasure of seeing her shudder. That is until Snape pinched him on the arm, before giving him a look.

“Enough Harry, what did I say?” Severus said warningly.

“Sorry sir,” Harry answered rolling his eyes.

“Harry don’t start,” Severus warned again.

“Can I go to the loo?” Harry asked, he didn’t want to be in here when they talked about him like he wasn’t sitting in the room with them. Besides he knew that Snape would explain everything to him when they got back to the hotel anyways.

“Of course Harry, do you remember where it was?” Dr. Jenson replied.

If she was expecting a reply she was disappointed because he just turned around and walked out, ignoring the glare that Severus was sending to him.

“I’m assuming he’s still angry with me?” she asked lightly.

“He doesn’t trust you not to try to take him away again. I’m sorry to say I passed that down to him, I can hold a grudge for the longest.”

“What seems to be the problem, Mr. Prince?” She stated, not even replying to the previous statement.

“There was an incident a few days ago where Harry got into a fight with his best friend. When we got home I sent him to stand in the corner, and although I only meant for him to stand there for a half hour, he ended up staying in for 4 hours. I know your thinking why didn’t he just move, like any other kid? You’ve seen some about his past, he lives to please. He ended up needing to use the loo very badly and he held it until he couldn’t anymore. It got to the point where it was hurting him, before he wet himself. Now he told me that he’s been having a hard time trying to hold it in, or having to go a lot more than usual.”

“Ahh, I’m not at all surprised, his bladder was stretched. But it was already small to begin with; make sure to tell him not to hold it for so long. His bladder is still healing and trying to catch up, and continuing to hold to that extent can lead to some lasting damage.”

“What do you mean?”

“His bedwetting for instance, can become permanent if he’s not careful. Not to mention he could have some daytime accidents, and at this age this could be harmful for his self esteem.”

“I understand, thank you.”

By the time Harry walked back in the room, his pockets were bulging with sweets and chocolates. Nurse Sydney was there and she remembered him and gave him a lot of sweets. Ignoring the looks in his direction, he headed to stand behind Snape but the man wasn’t having any of it.

“Do you have any questions Harry?” She asked him sweetly

“No,” Harry answered glaring at the ground; he only answered her because he didn’t want to get pinched again.

“Well it was nice seeing you again Harry, and Mr. Prince if you need anything else you have my number.” She said before walking out of the room.

Walking to the car, Harry tried to ignore the glare he felt coming from Snape directed at him. Was it his fault that the lady rubbed him the wrong way? Relatively speaking, he didn’t want to deal with her anymore. Sitting in the car with nothing else to do but listen to the man Harry wished he had thought to ask for some headphones.

“Harry you were very rude in there to her, Dr. Jenson is only trying to help you.” Severus stated in his quiet tone.

Harry said nothing, although it was clear that he was paying attention to what Snape was talking about.

“I understand what you were doing Harry, and I know that you were angry with her for what she did but that doesn’t give you the right to act like that,” Severus continued.

“What do you mean, act like what, like a brat? Well if she wasn’t being such a bi…”

“Do not finish that sentence if you value your hands, what is going on with you Harry? Why do you have this attitude Harry? What’s wrong?”

“I hate that I don’t have any control over my body, and that people can decide what’s right for my life.”

“You mean me having guardianship over you?”

“No, I mean people thinking that they know best, and trying to take me away from you.”

“Oh, I understand now. But I thought I told you that no one was taking you away?”

“It’s kind of hard to believe when you are faced with the situation, where one wrong word can prove to be your undoing.” Harry replied angrily.

“I can see today, we’re just going to spend it doing something small, instead of what I had in mind. I didn’t realize that you needed this much assurance child. But that is my fault for I should have known.”

Turning the car on, and heading out of the parking lot Severus drove back to the hotel, intent on making sure that the boy understood that when he said stuck with him, he meant it.

*139*2012-01-07 00:40

{{:

N'aww... I love the relationship between Sev and Harry. Sev's uncertainty as to whether or not Harry would want him as a guardian was very well put across: it showed his insecure side perfectly. And I've decided I quite like this slightly regressed-into-childhood Harry- he's so sweet and endearing :) I would give him sweets and chocolate too!

}}

I know hes just so adorable

{{:

Do better? You just topped your last chapter, even though you thought you couldn't. I'm telling you, you are putting things in a perfect pattern that is understandable and easy to follow. I really like this story.

}}

Thanks...I really struggled with this one, it didnt want to come out right, but I'm glad it didnt dissapoint anyone.

{{:

Awww such a cute chapter! I love how you've developed Severus and his attitude toward Harry, you can really tell he cares in your story ^_^ And your character development with Harry is brilliant! Child-Regression Harry's have always made sense to me because of everything that happened in his life. Psychologically speaking, what he went through isn't at all easy to bounce back from and I can easily see how this situation may have very well occurred. Great job, can't wait till the next installment! :D

}}

Me either I never understood how he wasnt affected by the Dursely treatment...hell I would be lol..Glad you like it

*141*2012-01-07 01:30

I don’t know if anybody realized it but, I used real places in my story. So every place I mention that they went to actually does exist in England. That was for those that were curious, since some of these places look really cool. This chapter..was fun to write, its a bit sweet at the end, anyways this was supposed to be better then the previous chapter, but now I'm not so sure. Anyways I hope you like it, still working through this stupid block.

Chapter 25

The next day Harry woke up in their hotel room to a shock, the Headmaster was sitting on a chair watching the telly. It was shocking because of what he was wearing, some strange muggle attire. Who wears bright purple trousers with a neon green shirt? Snape would never allow it, not to mention Harry who had no sense of dress style himself was embarrassed for the man. As he started to get out of the bed he became self conscious of the fact that his pull up was wet. It was nothing new, but only Snape knew of his night time problems and he didn’t feel comfortable with anyone else finding out about it. He was just about to pretend to still be asleep when Dumbledore himself noticed he was awake.

“Good morning my boy, did you sleep well?”

“I did sir, thank you for asking. What are you doing here, and where is my da…I mean Professor Snape?” Harry finished blushing at his slip up.

“Severus went to get breakfast, and he invited me along for the day. You don’t mind do you Harry?” Albus replied not commenting on the boy’s slip up, while the twinkling in his eyes showed otherwise.

“No sir, this is going to be great, but I think your clothes are wrong. Since me and Professor are pretending to be father and son, what is going to be your muggle disguise?”

“What’s wrong with them my boy? I think Severus said I would go as his father, and your grandfather. What do you think of that plan?”

“Cool, you mean I get my very own dad and a grandfather for the day? This is going to be so much fun, it’s like I’m gaining family left and right. Your clothes stick out a bit Headmaster,” Harry said lightly not trying to offend the old man.

Albus smiled sadly at the child who was still smiling at his conclusion, he couldn’t help but hurt at the thought of what Harry had missed. He was very thankful that

Severus and Harry were able to overcome their differences; they really did need one another.

“They do, I thought they blended in quite well myself.” Albus said looking down at his clothes in bemusement.

“Let’s just let da…I mean Sev…I mean Professor Snape handle it then.” Harry replied flustered from stumbling over his words. At this time he didn’t know what to call the man; he didn’t want to keep calling him sir all the time either.

“I think dad will do quite nicely Harry, that way you won’t get so confused.” Albus stated openly grinning now.

Harry blushed again before shifting in his bed, he wanted to get out of this wet pull up, and he had to pee. He didn’t think the pull up could handle another wetting and he had no interest to try either. Slowly scooting his body towards the edge of the bed, he proceeded to stand up.

“Did he say where we were going today?” Harry asked trying to distract himself and the Headmaster.

“No he didn’t, but I think you should get dressed Harry. Severus should be back any minute now with our food.”

“Yes sir,” Harry replied softly.

Quickly shoving the covers back, he got out of the bed and headed to the drawers to get an outfit to wear for today. As he was looking in the wardrobe for a shirt, he felt his bladder stutter. He remembered quite clearly what Severus had told him what the Doctor had said about letting it heal and to not hold it too long. He was basically to go when he felt the urge because if he didn’t he could end up doing permanent damage to it. He reached up to grab that Lizard shirt that Snape had picked out for him especially, when he suddenly had to cross his legs to prevent a leak. Dropping everything he ran to the loo, forgetting for the moment that the Headmaster was still in the room with him and he saw everything.

Walking back out he was surprised to see that his shirt and jeans were folded by the door. Picking them up and walking back into loo he got dressed and finished his morning duties. By the time he came back out Snape was back, and with breakfast.

“Morning Professor,” he said putting on his shoes.

“Good Morning Harry, everything ok?” Severus asked as he took in the child.

“I’m fine sir, where are we going today?”

“Well after breakfast we’ll be taking the car to, The Roald Dahl Museum and Story Centre. I’m sure you are familiar with a few of his stories you read in primary school right?”

“Yes sir, he was a really good writer.” Harry answered remembering his days where he spent his break in the library to hide from Dudley and his gang.

“It’s about an hour’s drive so I would suggest bringing something to do so you won’t be bored, unless you are planning on falling asleep on the way there.”

“No sir, I’ll bring my Game. Professor is the Headmaster really going outside in those clothes?” Harry asked unable to kill his curiosity.

“Dear Merlin no Harry, I will change it to something more appropriate,” Severus whispered as he shuddered at the thought of the looks they would be receiving if he didn’t.

When it was time to leave Harry grabbed his game bag and got ready to leave. He stood by the door trying to stifle the grin that tried to take over his face as the Headmaster tried to explain to Snape that his outfit was presentable. Out the corner of his eye he would see that even in jeans and a bright blue shirt, Dumbledore still didn’t look like a muggle. His beard was just too noticeable, not to mention he gave off an air of power that demanded respect, quite like Snape did.

He got into the back seat, and immediately turned on his game. The hour passed by quickly and he found himself looking up as soon as Snape parked the car. Putting his games in the boot of the car, he reached for the hand of his teacher that was open to him out of habit.

“What are we going to do first?” Harry asked curiously, he couldn’t remember the last time he went to a museum.

“I have no idea, let’s just see what others are doing and then we’ll take it from there.” Severus answered back.

Despite not knowing what they were supposed to be doing Snape, once again was able to lead them around with no problems. And Harry was having a blast; some of the things they showed about the man were very fascinating to him. It wasn’t at all boring like Dudley always claimed it was, so he decided that he liked Museums.

“Just a moment Harry, we’re going to have lunch and then were going to take a walk down the trail behind the Museum.”

“But it’s not lunchtime and we barely just got here,” Harry replied trying to stifle his disappointment. Didn’t they just get here, not 30 minutes ago?

“Harry, please take a look at your watch child,” Severus said smirking.

“Oh, wow where did the time go?” Harry murmured to himself in shock, 4 hours had already passed.

“Wait here with Albus while I go order some food ok?”

“Yes sir,”

While Snape went to get some lunch Harry returned to looking at the illustrations on the wall. There really were some interesting things here, and he hated that he wasn’t going to get a chance to see it all. Looking at story behind his book Matilda he ignored the feeling in his stomach that told him he needed the loo soon. He was currently oblivious to his bladder because he was so into the story, but some else noticed his frantic dancing.

Albus was currently looking at a picture illustration called; The Twits. The cover showed these two people who didn’t look nice at all they reminded him of the Durselys; he was fascinated none the less. Despite not having magic the muggles still knew thing or two about making things appear realistic. Movement out of the corner of his eye caused him to turn around and check on Harry who couldn’t keep still. Not really knowing what was wrong with the boy, he immediately found himself looking to see if Severus was back, but he wasn’t. Glancing at the child again, he looked really into the drawing on the wall.

When he saw Harry’s hand move to his leg, he remembered earlier that week about Severus saying something about having to recognize the boy’s signs for the loo. He instantly looked up trying to see if he could spot a toilet, but he couldn’t see one near them. He didn’t really want to leave; because that might put Harry into a panic if they happened to stray too far from Severus.

“Harry child, are you ok?” Albus asked after the boy seemed to be stuck at a bent over position.

“Grandpa, I need the loo,” Harry whimpered pitifully.

“I figured you did child, can you wait until Severus gets back?” Albus asked turning around again to check to see if the man was back.

“I don’t think so…I’m not supposed to hold it.” Harry said wriggling around some more.

“What do you mean Harry?”

“When we went to the doctor, she said that if I hold it to long I could end up hurting myself since my bladder isn’t fully healed.”

“Merlin, maybe I should have you looked at by Poppy. I’m sure she has a potion for just this purpose,” Albus said muttering to himself.

“Can’t you take me?” Harry asked hand now stuck in his groin.

“Let’s just wait 5 more minutes for Severus and if he’s not back then we’ll go.” Albus said looking around once more for Severus.

Harry was biting his lip trying not to wet his pants, he didn’t want to embarrass himself, nor did he want to end up damaging his insides. Snape was going to be so angry with him if either thing occurred, and if he had to wait for much longer he wasn’t going to make it. How long did it take to pick up lunch?

“I can’t wait any longer grandpa; can you please just take me?” Harry asked sniffling and trying to blink away the stupid tears. He was jumping up and down unable to be still for just a second.

Not knowing what else to do Albus grabbed Harry’s free hand before walking towards the way they had came through. He was hoping he would find a loo, or if not find someone who worked there who could point one out to them. He was beginning to see what Severus must go through, he was so worried that the child wouldn’t make it that his heart was pounding in his ears. Thankfully as they were passing the café where Severus went, they saw him coming towards them with their lunch. Judging by the way he sped up as he took sight of them, Albus assumed he saw the state of Harry.

“Daddy I need to go pee,” Harry quickly said as soon as Severus appeared in front of them.

“What did I tell you about waiting until the last minute?” Severus asked annoyance seeping into his voice.

Harry winced at the tone, but he was warned but if he was being technical he did ask the Headmaster to go when it was still manageable. How was it his fault that the man didn’t want to take him?

“It wasn’t my fault, grandpa didn’t want to…” Harry trailed off; telling the truth never helped him either in the Dursely house. He knew better, so he quit while he was behind.

“He didn’t, that was me Severus. I wasn’t sure where to go, and I didn’t know if you would even know where we would be if we did.”Albus said when it seemed like Harry wasn’t going to finish his explanation.

“I understand, could you hold the food Albus while I take him?” Severus asked, but he didn’t really wait for a reply as he handed the food to the man before taking Harry’s hand and walking away.

“Excuse me, where are your toilets located?” Severus said asking a worker who just happen to past them.

“There’s a few sir, there’s one where you first came in, and another…”

“Where is the closest one to us right now?” Severus said interrupting the man, but one look at Harry and he knew the boy didn’t have that long to hold. He noted that the man look insulted at his interruption before he took in the child who was unable to keep still at his side.

“Go straight down that hall, and it should be on your left. There isn’t usually a line because it’s a family toilet and we tried to make sure it stays that way in case of emergencies, like this one.” He said pointing out the way with his hand.

“Thank you, I apologize for being rude,” Severus responded already walking away from the man.

“Not a problem,” the man replied but Snape was already down the way.

Harry halted in the middle of the hallway as his bladder jerked, and he found himself bent over again and moaning in pain. He could feel his control slipping as he tried to keep walking, he was so close.

“I’m gonna go, I can’t wait anymore,” he groaned sadly.

“Not here Harry, hold it for just a few minutes more,” Severus said before picking him up and jogging the rest of the way.

Opening the door, he quickly locked it behind him, before unbuckling everything for the boy before setting him in front of the toilet. As he heard the sound of forceful liquid hitting the water, he allowed himself to relax. Trying to get his heart to slow down he nearly missed the boy talking to him.

“I’m sorry sir, I didn’t mean to wait until the last minute,” Harry said breathless and still going in the toilet.

“Harry, Albus has informed of what happened. I didn’t mean to jump to conclusions; I was just worried that you didn’t pay attention to what Dr. Jenson had said.”

“Oh, I understand sir. The Headmaster thinks Madame Pomprey might have a potion to help me and my bladder…” Harry stated quizzically.

“Go on Harry,” Severus muttered as the boy stopped midsentence.

“Wouldn’t you be the one with the potions, because you’re the Potion’s Master?” Harry asked as he flushed, and then buckled up his trousers as he headed to the sink to wash his hands.

“Hmm…I didn’t think of that, which just goes to show I had a lot more important things on my mind then potions this summer,” he replied as he headed to the toilet.

Harry had to wonder what could be more important than his Potions, he wanted to ask but he didn’t know if that would be an invasion of privacy.

“What’s more important than Potions sir?” He finally whispered.

“You are Harry,” Severus answered before unzipping his own trousers.

Harry stared wide eyed at the man’s back; did he just admit that Harry was more important than potions? He felt himself smiling, besides that fact that tears were welling in his eyes. He finally mattered to someone, he was more important than a potion to a Potions Master. That meant something didn’t it? He waited until the man finished and washed his hands before launching himself at him. Why was he so emotional?

“Harry what’s wrong child?” Severus asked startled, wasn’t the child just happy a minute ago?

“Nothing, nothing at all,” he replied throat thick with tears.

“Then why are you crying?” He asked trying not to get agitated that he didn’t know what was troubling the boy.

“Because I matter sir,” Harry murmured into the man’s stomach.

“What do you mean Harry?” Severus asked confusion now littering his tone.

“I matter to you,” Harry cried as he repeated it over.

Severus found himself getting choked up over those 4 words himself. He picked the child up and patted his back.

“Let’s go Harry, Albus is probably wondering what happened to us.” Severus said as he brought his lips to lightly brush the top of Harry’s soft hair.

Harry smiled despite his tears; he didn’t care where he went just as long as he was with Snape.

*143*2012-01-07 21:11

{{:

Omg. That was the most adorable, sweetest, cutest thing I've ever read. I fangirl squeed so hard I almost wet my pants! XD

}}

Thanks I'm glad you liked it, It was really cute...but I did warn you lol

*145*2012-01-15 20:43

I updated, finally Damn RPS...anyways sorry for the incredibly long wait and I hope you like it...good news though, after taking a break my Writer's block is totally gone...I'm a bit excited about that lol

Chapter 26

“Severus, is everything ok?” Albus asked when they returned back from the loo, Harry’s eyes were red rimmed, and if he didn’t know any better he’d say Severus’s were too.

“We’re fine Albus, let’s just have lunch,” Severus replied hastily before heading outside.

They finished the day on a happy note, with Harry falling asleep on the way back in the car.

“Severus, about Harry’s bladder don’t you have a potion that could help that?” Albus ask, he was curious to know why he didn’t think of that first.

“I hadn’t thought much about it to be honest, I told Harry the same thing I had more important things on my mind then just Potions.”

Albus had the good sense to turn towards the window as a big grin took over his face, it wouldn’t do for Severus to think he was laughing at him because he wasn’t. It was just he never thought the day would come, where Potions would be once again replaced by someone else. He hadn’t seen Severus this happy since Lily, and now he had her son to care for.

“Well Poppy is running low on a few potions for the infirmary, and wanted to know if you could help her restock it. It should only take 3 days at the most, and you can find and make that Potion that can help Harry, a lot easier when you’re back in your lab.” Albus knew he had him when he mentioned making Harry’s Potion.

“I suppose we could take a break from over trips for a few days,” he replied softly before glancing at a sleeping Harry in the backseat. “Can you find a way to charm his game; I don’t think he’ll agree to this unless you can.” Severus asked, he knew Harry would go anyway, he just wouldn’t be happy about it, after all what kid wants to visit their school in the summer?

“Of course Severus, I’ll do it now,” he answered reaching into the back and getting it from the seat. He saw Harry squirm in his seat for a bit, but he just ignored it thinking the boy was trying to get comfortable.

Severus let Albus focus on charming the thing and was just about to turn the radio on for a little background noise when he heard, the small noise. It sounded like a kitten whimpering, looking back he saw Harry moving around in the seat, and vaguely wondered if he was having a nightmare. That was until he saw the boy’s hand grab himself, knowing that Harry wasn’t wearing a pull up he patted Albus’s shoulder.

“Wake Harry for me, right now,” he said eyes glancing back between the road and the mirror.

“Severus he needs his sleep, he really tired himself out today,” Albus stated confused.

“He’s not wearing his…underwear, and I really don’t want him to start crying for wetting his pants in the car again.” Severus stated tightly as Harry fidgeted more. “Albus please wake him up now,” he replied against gritting his teeth.

But that wasn’t needed because as soon as he said that Harry gasped awake, still holding on to his crotch. Blinking his eyes owlishly a quick look around revealed that they were still in the car.

“How long until we get to the hotel,” he asked sleepily and rubbing his eyes.

“In about 10 minutes, do you need me to stop somewhere?” Severus asked trying to discreetly check on him.

“M’fine I can wait,” Harry replied slowly before closing his eyes again.

“Stay awake for me Harry, Albus was able to charm your game for you to work at Hogwarts,” Severus said knowing that would wake him up.

“He did, great I can wait to show Ron how to play it.” Harry said excitedly, sleep forgotten.

“You’ll probably get to show him sooner, you still owe him an apology, not to mention we needed to go to Hogwarts for a few days so I can restock the Infirmary.”

“Oh ok, I guess our trip is over now right?” Harry asked trying not to frown.

“No, just a mild break for a few days, I still have a few places we haven’t seen yet.”

“Cool, and thanks.” Harry replied when Albus handed him back his toy.

The ride to the hotel was quick and they went to their room where Severus ushered Harry into the toilet, so he could finish talking to Albus.

“I’ll be at Hogwarts in a few hours I just need to drop Harry off at the Weasleys first,” Severus said quietly.

“There’s no rush Severus, but shall I be expecting you both for dinner?” Albus asked transfiguring back to his robes.

“Yes, We’ll be there in plenty of time, do warn Minerva though. I hardly think she’ll be happy that her favorite lion is in my care,” Severus stated.

“Honestly Severus, Minnie knows you would never hurt a child, especially Harry.” Albus said softly before calling out a goodbye to Harry and Apparating out.

Harry came out of the bathroom and looked around the room and sat on his bed.

“Are we leaving now?” He asked as he reached for the remote control to the telly.

“Yes, make sure you have everything,” Severus replied quickly packing up everything.

“We’re Apparating to the manor, and then flooing to the Weasleys.” Severus said as he reached for Harry’s hand.

Harry said nothing; he just grabbed Snape around the waist and buried his face into his stomach as the familiar feeling of being tugged from his belly made itself known. When he opened his eyes they were standing outside the Manor. Going to the living room Snape gathered the floo powder so they could floo. Landing in the Weasley living room Harry once again kept his balance thanks to his Professor.

“Molly, Arthur?” Severus called.

“I’m right here Severus, hello dears,” Molly said from behind them coming from the kitchen.

“Hello,” Harry replied to the ground, the last time he’d seen her she had a wooden spoon in her hands ready to use it.

“Ron is in his room dear, you know where it is,” she replied softly.

Harry nodded and turned to go up the stairs but was stopped by Snape’s voice and what he said made him blush, even though it wasn’t at all embarrassing it was just ironic.

“Behave,” Severus said before turning back to Molly and discussing that he would be back in a few hours to come and get Harry. He just wanted to have his room in his quarters ready before he got there. Quickly having a cup a tea and talking to Arthur, Severus flooed to Hogwarts forgetting to tell Harry that he had left.

Harry sighed as he walked up the stairs, he knew he was dragging his feet but he had a good reason. The last time he was here he and Ron had fought because he tried to take Harry away from Snape, but now that Severus was his guardian what would his mate think then. He took a deep breath before reaching up and knocking on the door.

“Hi Harry,” Ron said brightly as he opened the door.

“Lo Ron,” Harry replied to the ground.

Ron looked at Harry who was trying to burn a hole into the ground, and knew that he should say something first. He understood now why Harry liked to be with Snape, his mum had told him about some of the thing his relatives had did to his mate, and Snape was the one who had found out. He promised Harry that he would never have to return, if their Professor was really that evil then he wouldn’t have done that. Not to mention he never meant to hurt his mate, but he knew that he had made him cry when he said Snape would rather him dead. Nodding his head and gathering that Gryffindor courage from within him, he reached over and poked Harry.

“I’m sorry Harry, about what I said before. Mum explained it to me, and I didn’t mean what I said about Snape rather seeing you dead. You’re my best mate and I never wanted to hurt you, sorry for your lip too,” Ron said hand rubbing the back of his neck.

Harry looked up in shock, he couldn’t believe it, and Ron still called himself his best mate, even after all that. Looking up with wide eyes he knew it was his turn.

“I’m sorry too Ron, about your nose and yelling at you and stuff. Was your nose ok?” Harry asked worriedly.

“Yea it was fine, mum fixed it before she whacked me,” Ron replied blushing.

“Sorry about that too,” Harry murmured.

“Not your fault I hit you too, and I made you cry,” Ron said remorsefully.

“I wasn’t crying, I was….I wasn’t crying,” Harry replied pouting slightly.

“Sure you weren’t,” Ron teased. “So what are you doing here Harry? I thought you were gonna stay with Snape?”

“I am, but he said that I needed to apologize to you before I could do anything else, he’s downstairs talking to your mum.”

“Oh, go ask Snape how long you are going be staying here, and if you’re staying a while we can play a mini Quidditch game,” Ron said excitedly.

“Ok. I’ll be right back then,” Harry said running out the room and back downstairs.

“Da…I mean Professor where are you?” Harry asked when he entered the empty living room.

“He went to Hogwarts dear,” Molly said behind him as she was looking through the couch for something.

“Oh is he coming back?” Harry asked shocked, wasn’t he supposed to go with him?

“He didn’t say,” she said as she continued looking for whatever it was she lost.

Harry was horrified as he walked back up the stairs Snape had abandoned him. Even if he liked being at the Weasleys, didn’t his Professor promise that he would live with him? If he had realized that Molly was distracted and he just waited he would have gotten a correct answer, but Harry tended to jump to conclusions always. Harry put on that bored mask that Snape hated, because of the way it hid his emotions, well if Snape didn’t want him he didn’t care. Walking back into Ron’s room Harry put on an excited look on his face and spoke to Ron who waiting for the answer.

“We can fly, we’ve got time,” Harry said softly.

“Ok I’ll go get the brooms, you go ask if the twins or Ginny wants to play,” Ron replied already heading out of the room.

“Ron wait, I want to show you something,” Harry said as Ron headed out the door.

He wasn’t in the mood to play Quidditch anymore, and even though Snape had left him he still wanted to show Ron his cool game. He held it out to Ron who was immediately interested, Quidditch long forgotten as they sat on the bed and played it. Soon the twins and Ginny joined and Harry forgot all about Snape until he heard Molly calling them for dinner.

They all quickly washed their hands and headed downstairs to the kitchen, where just as soon as Harry was about to sit down Snape came through the fireplace. Why was the man here, did he come to taunt him? Appetite gone, he looked at Mrs. Weasley in confusion.

“What’s he doing here?” Harry asked trying to swallow the lump that had suddenly come into his throat.

“He’s here to pick you up Harry, didn’t I…Oh!” Molly startled as she looked at Harry closely who seemed to be fighting over control of his emotions.

“Harry, Severus, join me into the living room, you lot can start without me,” she said reaching for Harry’s hand and pulling him along.

Harry walked as close to her as possible refusing to look at the dark gaze that he could feel was on him. Shaking his head from side to side to stop the tears from coming down, he wouldn’t cry anymore, at least not in front of him.

“Harry what’s wrong child?” Severus asked getting on his knees and making Harry look at him.

“You l-l-left me,” Harry said whimpering, and he tried to release his chin from Snape’s grip.

“Yes, I did, but you knew I was coming back,” Severus asked confusion clear on his tone.

“No I didn’t, you never said. You never even told me that you were leaving. How was I s-s-supposed to know?” Harry asked tears falling down his cheeks now, unable to do a thing about them.

“Didn’t Molly tell you?” Severus asked as he wiped Harry’s tears away.

Harry shook his head, unable to talk anymore, the tears finally taking over from all his hurt inside.

“I thought I did, but I think he asked me when I was looking for Arthur’s wand. I was so distracted and wasn’t paying attention in the slightest,” she said apologetically.

“I understand Molly, this was all just a simple misunderstanding,” Severus replied picking Harry up and rocking him on his shoulder.

“I’m sorry Harry that you thought I abandoned you, I would never do that I promise child,” Severus said into Harry’s ear as he rubbed his back to calm him.

“Molly, can you tell everyone that Harry say’s goodbye, I think I’ll just apparate us to Hogwarts so no one has to see his tear-streaked face and jump to conclusions.” Severus said walking towards the door.

“That’s alright Severus, see you later dears,” she called before they disappeared on the spot outside the door.

*147*2012-01-15 21:33

{{:

AWWW....loved it...thank you so much...so glad that block is gone...I love this story..but you know that alreay update soon...please.

}}

Thank you so much, I feel loved..but seriously I'm glad you like it

{{:

Come on, update soon....im soo excited for the next chapter!!!

}}

Thanks for reading, and you got lucky, I updated today..and I hope you like it

