The staged homejacking

Author: idc37

*000*2015-03-11 18:34

On her way home from her late night shift, lucy heard her phone make some beeps. At the next red light, she picked up her phone,that was lying in the passenger seat , to have a quick look to see who the text message was from. The name John popped up on the screen in between 2 hearts. She might have guessed it was him, eagerly waiting for her to get home from work.

"don't be frightened, but you are going to be kidnapped when you get home! ;-) xxx" she could read in the text message. her heart began beating faster. what was he up to now! they had been trying new things, to heat up their relationship, but this came as a bit of a surprise...

She continued her way home and after half an hour she pulled up the driveway.

John's car was nowhere to be seen, and the house was completely covered in darkness. "odd" she thought, "normally he would be watching tv on the couch with the lights on."

She went to the backdoor while she was trying to find her keys in her purse. the backdoor was still locked, so she put her keys in the lock and opened the door. after opening the door, she put her hand on the light switch to turn on the light, but nothing happened. "Not again" she mumbled. the past week they had some problems with their electricity and a few times the maine fuse was blown in the fusebox. an electrician was coming later that week to find out what the problem was.

She took out her cell phone from her purse to have a little light, so she could make her way to the fuse box. she opened the door of the fusebox, just to find out only the fuses of the lights where out.

"what the hell" she said to herself.

She reached out to put em back on, when all of a sudden both her wrists where gripped by a pair of male hands.

"waaaaah" she yelled

"shhhhht, don't even make a sound" john's voice wispered in her ear

"you got me there, John" Lucy replied

"who's John" he said" you can call me Mister kidnapper"

He took her hands en put em on her back. she could hear a cracking sound she recognised. a few weeks ago they had bought some fluffy cuffs to try out something new. he put the fluffy cuffs on her wrists so she couldn't use her hands anymore. then he took of the belt of hisbathrobe and he tied it over her eyes. his bathrobe fell open and she quickly fondled around under his bathrobe.

"mmmm, naked" she wispered.

"can you wait a little while longer John, first i really need to use the toilet" she said in her normal voice.

"no deal, and it's Mister kidnapper to you" he said in a low voice.

"but i can't hold it much longer" she replied, putting one leg over the other.

"its time for you to move" he demanded. he turned on all the fuses and pushed her in front of him to the living room.

He made her stand in front of the couch and pushed her so she fell in the one-person-couch in the living room.

Then he went to the fridge, took out a cold bottle of water and a glass from the closet next to it.

He pored the glass and put it to her lips.

"drink up" he sead

" i don't think you realise, my blather is about to burst" lucy replied

"no drinking, no peeing" he said.

She quickly drank the glass to obey her kidnappers orders.

"ok, now get up, i'll guide you to the bathroom" john said.

She made little steps towards the bathroom, with him holding her arm to guide her.

In her mind she was trying to immagine where she was by the sound of opening and closing doors.

"so here's the toilet" john said" do you bussiness"

"i'm not going to pee my pants, Mr kidnapper, and i can't undo them myself because you got me all tied up" she played along.

She felt how john unbuttoned her jeans slowly, then he waited, she could feel him kneel before her, and open her zipper with his teeth.

"naughty boy" she wispered.

He stood up and took her jeans down to her knees and said in his demanding voice "now sit"

"you forgot to take down my panties" she replied

"no i didn't" he said and gave her a little nugde so she sat down on the toilet.

"wet panties it is" she smiled

By the excitement she it took her a while to concentrate in letting it go, but finally a wet patch began to form on her blue lace panties. they both heard the splashes in the toilet.

When she had finished she asked if he was happy with her wet panties, but then he repied "my turn now"

He came close to her and sat on her lap.

"what are you up to" she asked

"you stil lhave a few dry spots"

He aimed his male friend to the front of her blue panties and she could feel his warm pee soaking the rest of her panties.

"like it" he asked, but the smile on her face already said enough

He helped her up from the toilet and asked her to go and ly down on the towel he had put on the floor. as she was lying down on her belly, she could feel his hands pulling her wet panties asside as he put his erect member inside her wet crotch.

The rest of the story is not for people to see...

*002*2015-03-12 17:40

{{:

Nice story--great last line haha. Would love it if my boyfriend did that to me. =P

}}

Let him read my story and maybe he will!

Let us know if you get lucky! 

