Daniel and Amy - Page 48

Author: Barry

*1176*2020-05-21 23:10

{{22 hours ago, Stanley79 said:

Dude,

You're certainly correct about the vegetation. The clip at

$iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="270" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dwkypXlSWeM?feature=oembed"

Does show features mentioned in the story.

Cheers

}}

This was interesting!

If you want to see the area I’m talking about, google Shark Bay!

Shark Bay is a coastal town about 850kms north of Perth. That’s the destination in my story, including the details of the drive up, which is north of the city of Geraldton.

We camp on a station (Ranch) up there, and it’s isolated! Around 8 hours drive, not including rest stops to get to the roadhouse where the turn off is. From the roadhouse, it’s another hour and a half to Shark Bay township.

I’ve never been to the town. We drive about 50kms down the road and turn onto a dirt road. Then it’s more than an hour to the station. From there, it’s another 90 minutes of 4wd access to get to the coast. No phone or internet, and no way out except to drive or helicopter. It’s the real freaking outback! Not the sort of place you want to get sick or injured!

Anyway, Shark Bay is the destination, and the Caravan Park is based on another one I’ve spent time in elsewhere.

When I wrote this, the name Peaceful Bay was one I made up. I found out afterwards that it’s a real place, although well south of Perth. That’s the one in the video.

The vegetation is quite different in shark bay.

Tamala Station is our camping spot. That can be googled as well. Next time I go up, I’m going to check the town out. It’s about four hours from our campsite.

*1178*2020-05-24 14:36

Chapter 21

The Shower.

After their swim, they all smoked again, with Aiden and Maria each having one this time. Before they had all finished, Amy told them not to put the butts into the empty bottles.

“Just bury them deep in the sand instead,” she instructed.

Nikki looked a bit taken aback.

“That’s not very environmentally friendly,” she pointed out. “They take a long time to break down. Why not use the bottles and throw ‘em in the bin?”

Amy arched an eyebrow at her. “Think about it Nik. We’re the only ones here, and the only ones drinking iced tea. The bins are empty. If we put the butts in the bottles, and the olds come around and empty the bins, we could get sprung for sure.”

The others shuddered. It hadn’t occurred to them. Dan had told them before just how awesome Amy was at planning naughty stuff and not getting caught, and she’d just proved it. They even rinsed the ash out of the bottles, before digging a deep hole for the butts well above the high tide line. It might not be an environmentally friendly option, but it was a lot safer than getting caught by their parents. After a second swim, they decided to head back.

“I’m hungry,” Scott declared.

“You’re always hungry,” his girlfriend said playfully, swatting him on the backside, and they all laughed.

“I’m hungry too,” Dan said, and this was agreed to by Matt and Aiden.

“Boys,” Amy muttered, rolling her eyes, and the other two girls gave her a high five.

“There’s an outdoor cold water shower near the shower block,” Maria said. “But it hasn’t been working, unless your olds have fixed it today. But there’s one in the backyard of The Lodge. You guys wanna rinse off back there? We’ve got lotsa bags of potato chips too. I can rustle us up a few bags?”

This sounded like a great idea, so the gang proceeded to skirt past the playground, and into Maria’s backyard. Aiden saw the sand in the playground still had a wet spot on it, but he didn’t say anything.

“Let me go first,” Maria said. “Then I can go get changed, and get some food.”

The others agreed, and she turned the shower on. It was basically just a metal pipe about two meters tall, with a shower head on it, and one tap. It was outside, on the grass, with no walls or floor.

“C’mon Aiden! You jump in too. Then you can come and help me!”

The others gave a loud “Ooooooooh” sound at the thought of their friends showering together, and they cheered when Aiden joined her under the water. They cheered even more when she leaned over and kissed him on the mouth. It wasn’t a passionate kiss, and was over in a matter of seconds, but the boy felt his pecker starting to stand to attention inside his clingy wet shorts, and was kind of glad that the water was a bit cold, otherwise he might’ve been pitching a tent for everyone to see. While he was usually worried about the size of his tent pole, it was starting to behave in a new and mysterious way, and he was glad to step out and start towelling himself down.

“Us next?” Scott whispered to Nikki, who smiled her agreement at him. They too shared a kiss under the water, and Nikki thought she might die and go to Heaven. This afternoon with her boyfriend just kept on delivering.

Matty went next, and was in and out quickly, before Amy and Danny jumped in. By then, Aiden and Maria were inside, and the other three were drying off in the sun. The water was cool, but Dan felt a sudden warmth on his foot. He looked down, and saw how Amy had positioned herself in front of him, and there was a stream of water pouring from her bikini pants straight onto his foot.

“Oops,” she whispered, then kissed him before he could react.

Now this wasn’t the first time that they had showered together, and in the past, their shower antics had gotten quite hot and heavy, with both of them experiencing orgasms at some point, so this probably wasn’t the same excitement rush for them as it had been for their friends. Nevertheless, Amy still reached down to briefly stroke the boy through his shorts, and giggled explosively when she felt him twitch in her hand.

“Jesus Ames,” he mumbled, with an embarrassed grin, quickly stepping back before he became too aroused. He’d already achieved the maximum arousal level twice today with her, and it felt like he was ready to go again. Amy chuckled to herself as he turned his back on everyone, trying to hide the bulge in his wet shorts. Even after they got dry, and Amy put her dress back on, and him his shirt, he kept the towel wrapped around his waist, covering his clingy wet shorts, because he couldn’t be guaranteed to not get excited when Amy played around like this.

Inside The Lodge, Maria was giving orders.

“Come on. Aiden. Hurry up and get changed! We’ll take some snacks and some Coke out.”

He went into his room, as she did to hers, and he hastily undressed himself, pulling off his shirt, and dropping his wet shorts and undies to the floor. He never faced the door, and made sure he tied the towel around his waist before he moved. There was an ever present feeling of danger that Maria would just suddenly burst into the room, catching him naked. Brrr. He shuddered.

But before he got dressed, he picked up his underpants off the floor, and examined the wet fabric, even turning towards the light at the window. He’d wet himself twice today, and was worried that his pants might be stained, and he was relieved to find that the sea water had done a superb job in rinsing any stains away. He put his wet clothes in the hamper, (which already contained his wet pants from the trip up, when he’d fallen asleep,) hung his damp towel over a wooden chair by the window to dry, and swiftly got dressed again, this time into a pair of brightly coloured board shorts, that came down to his skinny knees. They had a weird, multi-fluorescent coloured shapes on them. He didn’t bother with underpants. This was teamed with a bright orange Mambo t-shirt.

He met Maria coming out of her room at the same time, and he couldn’t believe what she was wearing. She had changed into a grey sleeveless top with a sunflower motif, and her dirty pair of pink leggings!

“Maria, you can’t wear those,” he said. “They’re dirty. They’ve got pee stains on them! Look!”

She shook her head in dismay. “Chill out Aiden. I know they’re dirty, that’s why I put ‘em on. I don’t wanna put clean stuff on till I have a proper shower tonight. That’s dumb. These are the only dirty clothes I’ve got, ‘cept for that stupid dress I wore this morning. I’m not putting that on if we’re playing outside. Mama would kill me. Besides. They just look grubby. They don’t look peed in. They’ve got marks all over ‘em.”

Aiden wasn’t convinced. He could almost see the faded half moon marks on her butt, just not clearly. Just on a certain angle perhaps, and the tiny mark on the front was obscured by dirty finger marks, so perhaps she was right. It even made sense. It was a shame all of his dirty clothes were wet.

She was in a hurry, dragging a brush through her long damp hair, instructing him to go into the large pantry, where he’d find cartons of chips. Boxes of them.

“Wow! Where did you get these?”

“They’re old stock from the shop,” she explained. “Nearly outta date, but not yet. Papa can’t sell them, so he bought them here. He hands them out to people. There’s a lot of Coke in that other fridge. Same deal, old stock. We can help ourselves!”

They raided 7 big packets of chips, and 4 big bottles of cold Coke from the fridge. One for each of the 3 “couples” to share, and one for Matt, then headed back out to their friends, who gave them a huge cheer when they saw the food and drinks coming.

After the booty had been shared, with only a little arguing over who got what flavour chips, they decided to take it back to the vans, so everyone else could get dry and changed. They formed a procession from The Lodge, with Maria and Aiden leading the way, but not holding hands in an unspoken agreement as they approached where the adults were working.

Nikki leaned over and whispered in Amy’s ear.

“Have you seen those pants that Maria’s wearing?”

Amy chuckled. “Yeah. They’re pretty manky looking aren’t they?”

“They’re more than that,” Nikki replied.

“Don’t start on her Nik. The kids got changed into old clothes. They’re probably just her play, I mean hang-around clothes. We’ve all got them. She probably didn’t want to put clean stuff on before having a decent shower.”

“I’m not having a go at her,” Nikki whispered back. “I couldn’t care less what she wore. I mean, LOOK AT THE PANTS SHES WEARING.”

Amy was confused, but she did as she was told, seeing nothing more than a grubby pair of pink leggings. At first.

“What’re you on about? What about her....ohhhh”

“You see it, dontcha Ames? That mark on her butt. I’ll bet you any money, that Maria has wet herself in those pants before!”

*1183*2020-05-29 09:03

Chapter 22

Late Thursday Afternoon

More Secrets.

By now, it was getting late in the afternoon, and it appeared that the work had stopped for the day. Most of the adults were sitting around on folding chairs, drinking beer or soda, and finally relaxing. Their eyes all turned towards the gang of teenagers walking towards them, and although none of the kids would admit to it, the scrutiny of the adults made them a little bit uncomfortable, especially since they’d been smoking not long ago. It would’ve been nice to just skirt past and keep on going, but it looked like now the work was over, the parents were in the mood to engage with their kids. They called them over, making wisecracks, and generally being daggy, as grownups often are.

“Having fun guys?” Sue asked, and the kids knew they’d be expected to stay for a few minutes at least, so they crowded around, feeling slightly uncomfortable.

It was just one of those awkward teenage moments. They all loved their parents, obviously, but when your parents are hanging around with other parents or grownups, and you’re with your friends, especially your boy or girlfriend, you suddenly become very self conscious, especially as adults often had a habit of teasing you a little bit in front of THEIR friends. It’s just part of the intricacies of growing up. The kids walked over, suddenly feeling a bit shy.

The teens assured their parents that everything was indeed going splendidly, and they were having lots of fun. The beach was great, there were no problems, and all was right in the world.

The adults mildly teased them about doing all the work while they slacked off, and joked about the junk food they were carrying, along with a host of other little barbs. It was all in good fun, although it was a little bit uncomfortable for the teens. But the were informed that their vans were now fully liveable, and all the power points and accessories were working.

Rose in particular took issue with her daughter.

“Maria! Whatchoo wearing those filthy clothes for? Surely you gotta better stuff to wear than those? These people gonna think you a grubby little street urchin or somethin’! You tryna embarrass your poor old parents or something?”

Maria shifted uncomfortably. “No mama. I jus’ didn’t wanna put clean clothes on again, not before a shower. I can go put my flower dress on again if you want?”

“The onea you spilled the milk all over you mean? Thatsa soaking now anyway. I swear, you’re worse thanna little boy sometimes! Running ‘round getting all dirty alla the time! You not very ladylike, you know? No, you keepa your grubby street urchin clothes on, filthy little monkey.”

The other adults laughed, and Maria giggled a bit, although she blushed. At some point, every kid and adult there had been a part of similar discussions more than once.

Sonia addressed the kids as a group.

“Ok. Go and get changed you lot, before you get cold. Enjoy those chips, but nothing else, okay? We’re having a barbecue for dinner, but not for a little while.”

“You kids canna help yourselves to those chips and fizzy drinks whenever you want, alright? They’re justa old stock I gotta get rid of. Better than throwing them away,” Mario said, and the kids all politely thanked him, before taking the opportunity to escape.

“We’ll go wait in the Camp Kitchen while you guys get changed,” Maria said, and her and Aiden veered off, leaving their friends to continue. As they walked away, Nikki and Amy kept stealing glances at Maria’s backside, trying to work out for sure if it really was a very faint pee stain they could sometimes see, depending on the angle they were looking from. Nikki in particular was more than glad to be walking away from the adults, as she currently had a death grip on the packet of cigarettes, with the towel covering them. It was almost terrifying to be standing in front of her mother, AND Troy, while holding onto something so inherently naughty.

The girls shut and locked the door of the van after they entered.

“So? Whaddya think? Do you reckon Maria has wet herself in those pants, or what?” Nikki had been dying to ask that question!

Amy thought about her answer for a few seconds.

“Dunno Nik. I COULD see a bit of a mark there, but who knows? She could’ve just sat on something wet, or dirty. Maybe on the wet ground? I mean I think it’s impossible to tell for sure, not without asking her, and I’m definitely not doing that! But I think it’s unlikely.”

“Why’s it unlikely?” Nikki questioned, as she started taking her wet clothes off.

“Think about it,” Amy replied, starting to get undressed herself.

“Even if she did pee her pants, which COULD happen I guess, I don’t think she’d wear those same clothes in front of people if they had pee stains on them! But if they were just dirty, like from playing outside, she probably wouldn’t even think that her butt might have a suspicious mark on it, especially considering they’re so grubby anyway.”

This made sense, and after pondering it for a moment, Nikki agreed, as she toweled herself dry.

“Yeah. Suppose you’re right mate. Maybe I’m just so used to like thinking about it, and talking to you about it and stuff, that I’m just starting to imagine it when it’s not there.”

“It certainly looks like she pissed herself though,” Amy half-snorted, and both of them collapsed into peals of laughter.

Nikki was watching Amy slide a big pull up over her hips, and her expression was thoughtful. “Wonder if I could get away with a pull up? What do you think, Ames?”

Her friend had put a baggy, knee length pair of black shorts on over her diaper. Perfect camouflage for socialising, and was pulling a long, baggy t-shirt over her head. She had decided that her bra wasn’t necessary now. Amy was getting a bit tired, and it was all about comfort from now on. She shrugged.

“Up to you Nikster. Of course you could, especially if you wear pants.” She giggled before continuing, “Unless Scotty goes the grope of course!”

Nikki squealed with indignation, throwing her towel at Amy’s head, but missing, the blonde girl making a swift but giggly dive to avoid it.

Nikki was quite comfortable being completely naked in front of Amy, and she bent down to retrieve her “Friday” panties out of her bag. These were light grey, with fluorescent lime green trim, with the matching day of the week emblazoned across the butt in the same coloured script.

“Huh. Maybe you’re right,” she said, slipping her panties on. “Even though we talked about wearing them, he’d prolly freak if he caught me wearing one before bed!”

They both laughed at that, before she continued, “Anyway, I wasted one on the way up, didn’t I? I can’t start just chewing through them or mum’ll ask questions. Nah. I’ll save it till bed time.” She yawned. “Oh man! I’m starting to wear out, Ames!”

She turned her attention to the denim jean shorts and strappy shirt she was putting on.

“Me too. Guess we’ve been up for like fifteen hours or so already, and it’s still early! I’ll be going to bed early tonight. Come on, let’s see what everyone’s up to, but let’s hang our wet bathers up in that annexe thing first.”

******************************

Before entering the van, Danny commented, “I’ve gotta have a piss first,” and walked behind their accommodation. He had peed in the water twice, but his undersized bladder was making its presence felt. He’d been drinking steadily all day, and although he’d relieved himself behind Amy’s van earlier, then twice in the water, his liquid consumption had remained high. His water bottle, the large iced tea, part of the bottle of Coke. Although his bigger teenage body craved it, his much smaller bladder battled to cope, and he already needed to go again. His friends joined him.

They stood side by side, well away from their van, with their backs to it, pulled down the front of their damp shorts, and released their streams. Because of his condition, Danny always paid extra attention to things like this, and he noticed two things. His pee stream was just as strong as his friends, maybe even stronger. To him at least, he seemed to be peeing further.

The other thing he noticed though, was that he finished a lot sooner. His kiddie sized bladder simply emptied much faster than what his friends did. It was worth noting, and something to remember, especially if he ever got the urge to push his luck regarding taking potty breaks in the future.

They finished their business, shook off, and headed back inside. After they had closed their door behind them, and headed to their respective sleeping quarters, they proceeded to get changed. Danny’s bed was basically right inside the door, which was a couple of meters from the front of the van. You walked up three steps, and BANG! Danny’s bunk immediately to the left. Right in front of the door, and next to Danny’s bunk, against the opposite side wall, was the small kitchenette. A small under bench fridge, a sink, and a small oven with a cooktop.

Beside this, in the middle, there was usually a pair of bench seats and a table, but this was folded down and turned into the middle double bed. Matthews bed. Matt had automatically taken the middle bed without any discussion or arguments, as he knew that his friends beds having pull-across curtains, that offered privacy, would be beneficial for them when it came to changing in or out of their special sleepwear, or in Danny’s case, daily wear. It was just one of the quiet little things that Matt always did, so as to not make an issue out of his friends conditions, and they were always grateful for it.

Scotty was in the third double bed, at the rear of the van, his bed, like Daniels, behind a curtain on an elevated plinth.

Fitting three people in such a relatively small place may make things a bit cramped for a lot of people, especially grownups, but to the three teenage boys, this was probably the best spot in the entire world right now. It was theirs. Their own private castle, and they started to get changed inside of it. Matty yawned.

“I’m fucked,” he mumbled.

“I’m not TOO bad,” Scott said. “I got some sleep on the way up.”

“Me too,” Dan said, then yawned. “Still a bit tired though.”

They started to get dressed. Dan had planned at putting another pull up on, over either variety, either “kiddie” or “grownup,” but now he hesitated. His friends were simply getting changed in front of him, and if he opted for protection, he’d either:

:A. Put it on in front of them, (Which was simply not going to happen,)

Or

:B. Get said protection from his bag, then climb onto his bed, pull the curtain across, and put it on, all the while carrying on a normal conversation with his friends, who of course would have absolutely no idea that he’d climbed into your bed just to put a nappy on.

No. Also not going to happen.

Dan simply did as his friends did. Got undressed, dry, and dressed again, into a pair of baggy black shorts with no underwear at all. This was complimented with a long sleeve t-shirt. Sleeves rolled up. Of course.

As he got dressed, Dan felt his undersize bladder filling up again. Ah shit. This was a bad sign. Perhaps he’d better put some protection on, you know, just in case.

Matty passed him a big bottle of Coke, and without even thinking about it, Danny accepted it, taking a big drink before realising what he was doing, then immediately regretting it.

“Come on boys,” Scott said. “Let’s go see what everyone’s up to! Don’t forget the snacks!”

He headed for the door, with Matt and Dan automatically following him. He was their unspoken leader after all. Dan almost called time out for another quick piddle, but the girls where already in the kitchen area with Aids and Maria, so he simply followed his friends, although a small voice in the back of his mind kept warning him to be careful.

*********************************

“I toldya not to wear those pants,” Aiden said in an exasperated sigh. “Toldya they were dirty.”

Maria sniffed disdainfully.

“So what if they’re dirty? Aiden? YOU said they looked peed in, and they don’t! They’re just dirty! Mama didn’t even notice anything that wrong with ‘em!”

“SHE COULDN’T SEE YOUR BUTT!” Aiden exclaimed in exasperation. “You have a big pee pee stain across your butt! Don’t you get that?”

Maria shrugged, and gave an evil looking smile.

“Aiden! Chill out. I get it. But you’re being too weird about it! Yes, I peed in these a few days ago, but even if there IS a mark, nobody’s gonna notice! Trust me! Nobody notices stuff like that. Look, yes, if your pants are actually wet, people notice. But trust me, people don’t automatically think that your pants might’ve been gotten peed in at some stage! You’re just stressed only because I told you what I did in them! If I hadn’ta told ya, ya wouldn’t have even known! Really, trust me, unless people have got a weird reason to look, they don’t even think ‘bout it! You’re overthinking things. Aiden”

Aiden took her hand in his, patting it gently.

“Maria, you don’t know a lot about my friends. I really don’t know a great deal either, ‘specially about their private stuff, and I don’t wanna tell tales about them, but, if you think they might not notice, you’re prolly wrong. I know that Dan, Amy, and Scott all have different, um, problems with toilet stuff. I don’t wanna say too much, cause I don’t really know the whole story, but if you think they wouldn’t notice just because most people don’t, I reckon you’re wrong...”

Maria’s usually darker complexion paled a bit, as the realisation that perhaps people may notice her dirty pants swept over her. At first, the thrill of wearing them around others had been exciting, but now she was starting to think she should’ve just put clean clothes on. She was about to run back to the house and change, when they heard their names being called.

Looking up, Amy and Nikki were walking right towards them.

It was too late to do anything now. Maria would just have to hang around and be happy, but try and keep her backside sitting down, just in case anyone SHOULD notice. Not that that was likely...

*1189*2020-06-28 00:51

Sorry for the delay guys and girls. Don’t worry. It is continuing. I just took a break from it while I’ve been working on some private projects. Doing some RP stuff on a private thread that took over for awhile. I am currently on the next chapter though!

*1192*2020-08-11 13:36

Hi everyone. Finally got the chapter finished. Will post it very shortly.

I’m so sorry about the delay. I had a bit of writing lethargy for awhile, then a bit of a block with this story. I know what I wanted to accomplish with where it was going, but I couldn’t decide how to go about it.

Then my long running private RP game/story kicked in again.

Then I just HAD TO WRITE the “Kirsty” story. That was bugging me for ages. Couldn’t stop thinking about it, lol.

Anyway, I have absolutely no plans to shelve this particular story at all. Of course it could get removed at any time, but that’s out of my control. I simply can’t change what’s been already written, even if I wanted to. Which I don’t.

I have enough ideas for this for at least 20 chapters so far, and that’s just on the holiday bit. I just can’t guarantee how swift production will be, although I’ll try and not get lazy again.

Anyway. A quick re-read and I’ll post.

Thanks so much to everyone who reads/follows/comments. It’s really the reason any story gets written, because the author wants people to read, and hopefully enjoy it.

(Yes, I did actually use the word “Author” there, which is a glorious term for an amateur writer typing with a thumb on an iPhone! )

*1193*2020-08-11 13:57

Chapter 23

Thursday Evening

Bedtime Secrets

The kids gathered underneath the gazebo of the Camp Kitchen, sprawling and slumping down onto the bench seat-tables in a seemingly random pattern, mostly with sighs and groans of exaggerated relief, as if they’d all walked a hundred miles to get there.

Matt yawned again, “Man. I’m really stuffed,”

Nikki caught the yawn from him. “No, Matt, dont sta......rrrrrt, hmph, me off,” and they all laughed as she yawned halfway through her admonishment.

“What now?” Scott asked. “Wanna kick the football around or something?”

They looked at each other, and by general consensus decided it was too much effort. Everyone seemed to be getting really tired, although it had only just gone 5:30pm.

Matt pulled his phone and mini Bluetooth speaker from his pocket, and switched on his music playlist instead. What blasted forth was a steady mixture of rap, hip-hop, and current teen bands, and the kids were glad of the distraction. These days, constant audio or visual stimulation was almost a requirement for them, and just sitting quietly seemed almost wrong somehow. The chips were all opened and shared, as were the icy cold bottles of Coke.

Dan was sitting beside Amy, with no one else sharing their table at first, and they found it easy to slip into a lively conversation by themselves, comparing their personal likes and dislikes on animated movies.

“I can’t believe you’ve never seen ‘Big Hero 6!’” Danny said, aghast at the idea. “It’s brilliant!”

“I’ve never heard of it,” she replied. “What’s it about?”

“This kid, same age as us, fourteen, well his brother invents this robot! Then the brother gets killed, and.....”

Dan started excitedly telling her the plot, complete with play acting the part of the robot, and soon had Amy giggling with glee at his dramatic efforts. The more she laughed, the more it encouraged him, and soon his total focus was on making her engaged in the story.

After a few minutes of his dramatic comedy routine, Amy noticed how he started absentmindedly started pinching at the front of his shorts, not even aware that he was doing so. She glanced around, and saw that some of their friends were standing off to one side, looking at the bush land, and others were scrolling Matt’s playlist. They were currently alone, although only meters away from the others. She reached out, and gently swatted his hand away from his groin, then lowered her voice to a quiet whisper, getting his attention.

“Danny, sweetie, do you need to pee?”

“Huh?” He looked nonplussed, obviously not expecting to be interrupted by a question like that.

“You look like you need the toilet,” she repeat whispered. “You’re starting to grab at yourself...”

As soon as she said the words, he realised that she was correct. He had needed to go a bit before coming over, and had added at least half a bottle of Coke to his already full bladder, but had somehow managed to mentally block it out during his performance of the movie. Suddenly, the need to pee was an incredibly strong one, and again his hand automatically went to his crotch. Amy grabbed his wrist, and pulled him down onto the seat beside her. He was blushing.

“Uh. Yeah. I guess I do. Funny. I didn’t even notice. Not much....”

Amy stood up, and helped him to his feet. “Come on. I’ll come with you. We’ll check the toilet block out.”

They started walking across the grass together, silently at first, until the boy cleared his throat and spoke.

“Ahem. Thanks Ames. I’m, uh, sorry.”

She glanced at him curiously. “Huh? What? Why are you sorry?”

Danny sighed. “Guess I’m sorry you had to remind me. It’s pretty embarrassing really. I’m fourteen, and need to be reminded to go to the toilet. Stupid huh?”

Amy grabbed his hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. “Don’t be silly Catholic Boy! You’re not stupid. You just didn’t realise, that’s all. You do have a small bladder, remember?”

He sighed. “Yeah. I know. That’s what’s so stupid. I know I do. I also know I shoulda gone earlier, but I didn’t. I put it off. I can’t believe I didn’t notice how bad it was getting. That’s what happens sometimes. I’m like a little kid. I get distracted, kinda forget, then I end up wetting myself. Like when we played football with the guys that time. Really, really dumb. It’s just like it doesn’t always feel a lot different between needing to go a little, or a lot. Then suddenly it hits me, but it can be too late then.” He squeezed her hand. “Thanks babe. I think you just saved me having an accident in front of everyone.”

Judging by the way his free hand kept returning to the front of his shorts, Amy wasn’t totally convinced that he still wouldn’t wet himself, but he seemed to be in control, at least for the moment.

They walked behind where the adults were sitting, and Dan asked his dad if the toilets were working, and Pete said yes. The boy hurried past, seeing but ignoring the way his mothers eyes automatically tracked him, obviously checking his pants for signs of an accident. The entrances to the toilet block were on the rear of the building, giving some privacy from the main part of the park, and as soon as Dan was around the corner, he gripped himself tightly through his shorts, and almost ran into the men’s room, leaving Amy grinning as she watched.

It was a close call, but he made it, just. He stood up to the urinal, and released the death grip on his boyhood only long enough to free it from the confines of his pants, mere seconds before he released an even more powerful stream than his earlier one behind the vans, causing him to shiver, and moan with relief.

When he turned around, he jumped, as Amy was standing right behind him!

“AMES! WHAT THE FU...”

His exclamation was cut short as she stepped forward, and clamped her hand over his mouth.

“SHHHHH,” she quietly admonished.

“What’re you doing?”

Amy grinned. “Watching you pee. You really have to teach me how to do that. Peeing like a boy looks like so much fun!”

Dan looked nervously over her shoulder. “Ames, for Gods sake! Our pairs are just outside! What’re you doing? They’ll kill us if they find us in here together!”

She grinned mischievously at how nervous he looked, then stepped back, spread her legs slightly, and started gently sucking at the tip of her thumb. “Why? I just gotta pee too?”

Dan watched in awe as she closed her eyes, then bent forward a bit. He knew exactly what it meant when Amy sucked at her thumb or fingers, and he could almost picture how wet her diaper was becoming under her baggy shorts. For maybe twenty seconds she stood as still as a statue, before giving a little shudder, and whispering “Much better. I needed that.”

They left the toilet block and skirted past the grownups again, with Sue raising an enquiring eyebrow and a thumb at Daniel, a subtle way of wordlessly asking him if he was okay, and hadn’t wet himself, and he blushed, but nodded back at her, letting her know he was alright. The teens were well past the stage of caring about holding hands in front of their parents by now, and continued doing so as they headed back towards their friends again.

“Danny, why aren’t you wearing a diaper, babe? You were awfully close to having an accident then. Dontcha think it’s a bit silly not having your protection on?”

He sighed. She was right, and he knew it.

“Yeah. I know. It’s just hard getting dressed like that in front of the guys, that’s all. It’s not like you and Nik getting dressed together where it doesn’t matter. I hate the thought of them seeing me putting a pull up on.”

“Dontcha think it’s better than them seeing you in wet pants?”

“Yeah. Kinda. I guess. I’ll definitely wear one to bed. At least I can put it on in bed behind the curtain I suppose.”

Amy brightened up suddenly. “Orrrr, if ya want, you could come get dressed in our van! Don’t worry. Nik and I can wait outside. That way you can have some privacy! I’ve gotta go get changed now, why not throw your supply bag into my van while nobody’s watching you?”

Dan leant in and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. “Thanks Ames! That’s a great idea! It’ll make getting changed for bed a lot easier. I’ll grab my bag now.”

He got his bag, and drew the curtain back across his bed, before taking it into the girls van, then waited outside for his girlfriend to change her diaper. He did offer to help, but to his chagrin, she insisted that wasn’t necessary, at least this time. One she was changed, they headed back to the gazebo, and continued their conversation. Amy insisted that Dan had to teach her how to “pee like a boy” during their holiday, and he promised not to push his luck about going around without protection on, although he decided to wait until bed before padding up now.

It wasn’t long before the grownups started drifting over, with Pete and JJ taking over a couple of the barbecues, while the four women went to the lodge to help with bread and salads.

The evening meal was simple and delicious. Amy in particular was glad of the salad. Her delicate tummy had endured more than enough junk food for one day. JJ made Matt switch off his “crap” music, and switch to 80’s rock, and soon most of the adults were laughing and singing along.

Even though it was a lot warmer here than back home, this time of year night fell early, and by 7:30, it was dark. Everyone helped clean up, and it seemed like although it was early, everybody was starting to wind down. It had been a very long day, especially the drive, and the adults in particular where getting very tired after working most of the afternoon. Soon, little splinter groups were heading off, mostly with Mario and Rose, to enjoy a glass or two of red wine on the veranda at the lodge. Maria and Aiden said goodnight to their friends, as they were planning to spend some relaxing time working on their jigsaw puzzle together, and they followed their folks back to the house.

“You guys want another smoke?” Nikki asked when the teenagers were alone again. Matt did, Scott didn’t, but he agreed to walk to the beach with them while they had one.

Dan saw his opportunity to get safely padded up without raising any suspicion, so he declined, as did Amy. He made sure to pee once again behind the van, and Amy waited outside for him to get ready for bed. Although they did like getting dressed and fooling around together, it was impossible to know exactly when their friends or parents may appear, so they kept their behaviour to a good standard.

“Ready,” Dan declared, as he opened the door to let his girlfriend in, and she saw him now dressed in baggy black sweatpants and white socks. She grinned. Wearing socks to bed was just such a “Dan thing.” It was cute, and she liked it.

“No footie pyjamas?” Amy asked innocently.

Dan laughed. “Not in front of the fellas Ames! Jesus! Id never live that down!”

As for herself, she had no need to change. She was freshly diapered, with baggy shorts and shirt, so she probably couldn’t dress any more comfortably if she tried. She should definitely use the toilet again, although she’d wet in her sleep regardless, but that could wait for a little while longer, she decided.

“Wanna try the bed out?” Dan said with a grin, and she laughed.

“Yes! I do! With you. But we’re not fooling around, got it? The others will be back soon, and no doubt our mums will check in before they go to bed. But come on! It looks comfy!”

They climbed up and in, and Danny pulled the curtain closed behind them, leaving them in their own special little cocoon. He put his arm out, and she lay on it, and snuggled against his chest.

“I love you, Catholic Boy,” she whispered, and he kissed her on the forehead.

“I love you Ames. So much.”

They made an attempt at small talk, but it was unsuccessful. It wasn’t passion, nor their bladders that stopped them, but weariness, and before either teen knew what was happening, they had fallen asleep.

Soon, the others returned, and of course noticed their friends absence straight away. A quick search ended up at the vans, where they gently opened up both of them, finding that the sleeping compartments were closed up tight. The natural assumption was that Dan was asleep in his bed, while Amy was asleep in hers. The kids were exhausted themselves, and sleep was now an attractive option, so after Scott and Nikki shared a few private moments of kissing and cuddling, the goodnights were said, and the boys crept quietly into their van, trying not to wake Dan up, while Nikki did the same in hers, never once realising that there were two people asleep behind the curtain, and not just one. The long day soon caught up with the overtired teens, and within no time at all, everyone was asleep.

{{On 8/6/2020 at 9:43 AM, StewieFan28 said:

Will there be a chapter where the parents are away and Daniel experiences Amy’s time of the month?

}}

It’s happened before. No doubt will happen again. Not sure what you mean by the parents being away?

*1198*2020-08-13 00:43

{{18 hours ago, StewieFan28 said:

I mean like if they left for like a meeting or a business trip. Not to forget how Daniel would deal with this. Also, ever think of posting ‘Daniel and Amy’ on this website? https://archiveofourown.org/

}}

I’ve got something I’m thinking of regarding periods coming up soon, although probably not exactly what you’re thinking of.

Im not sure how much Dan would have to deal with? He knows the basics of how that stuff works, and Amy’s been dealing with it for awhile now, so it’s really just business as usual, except maybe no intimate touching.

But, if you were away, say camping in a caravan or something, and without feminine hygiene products readily available when it happens, but you had diapers there.....

Stay tuned. Next week their time. So a while off yet.

*1199*2020-08-13 05:49

Chapter 24

A Wet Friday Morning

Danny was sleeping soundly, and having a rather weird dream. In it, he couldn’t tell if he was his current grown up fourteen year old self, or a little boy again. He was wearing his little Speedo bathers, and was with his mother, at a beach or something similar. He felt like his bigger, teenage self, but was also somehow a bit helpless, and reliant on his mother, and her permission.

“Mummy, I really need to pee,” Dream Danny told his mum.

His mother looked at him and smiled. “That’s okay Danny. Just run into the water and do it.”

He felt confused, and desperate.

“Will you come with me? I can’t get my bathers off....”

Dream Sue chuckled. “Don’t be silly mate. It’s ok to do a wee in your bathers here. Nobody’s going to know.”

“But I don’t wanna pee my pants,” he had replied. “That’s naughty!”

His mother giggled at his response. “It’s not naughty sweetheart. Everyone does wees in there pants while they’re in the water! Now hurry up and get in.”

He had run into the water, feeling simultaneously like a big and little kid, and turned around again to look at his mum.

“Go on Danny. It’s okay mate. You can pee pee there,” she had said.

Danny smiled, opened his legs, and let go, immediately feeling the spreading warm wetness covering his private area.

He woke up, laying on his back, legs slightly spread, as hot urine started coating his groin, and began trickling down between his legs.

Of course this was nothing new for the boy, but although he was used to it, he still hated it with a passion.

“Ah fuck,” he mumbled to himself, still half asleep, as he automatically took what years of experience had taught him as the safest position to wet in while laying down in bed, the best one to minimise the leakage from his leg guards or the front. Reaching down to grab at himself through the diaper, he attempted to point himself down, while he opened his legs wider, all while leaking uncontrollably, and actually getting stronger now he was awake, although he was making every effort to stop the flow.

He uttered a muffled grunt of surprise when his foot touched a body that was laying in the bed beside him, and he shot instantly awake with the shock, turning his head and taking in the tousled blonde hair of the figure beside him.

Amy!

Shit! He was actually in bed with Amy! What the hell?

The shock actually made him tense up and jump slightly, and while it was a rude awakening, the sudden tensing of his body had a positive effect, and a last, strong jet of pee squirted out, then it stopped altogether. His heart was racing a bit, and he took a moment to focus, as he felt the warm heat being absorbed into the large adult pull up he was wearing. As he fully came too, he could tell that although he’d stopped wetting himself for the moment, his little bladder was still at least half full, and was going to continue emptying itself very shortly, and there wasn’t anything he would be able to do to stop that from happening. The only option available to him, was to quickly get up, to minimise the inherent risk of leaking, which was much more likely to happen whilst laying down. Amy had been the one who had demonstrated to him exactly why the leg bands on a pull up where called “Standing Leg Guards,” and he knew that wetting while standing was a lot safer than doing it in bed.

Danny slid to the end of the bed, feeling the hot, squishy wetness pressing against his bottom, and as he slipped out from underneath the curtain to a standing position, he nervously ran his hand across his bottom and between his legs, praying that he hadn’t already leaked and wet his pants as well as his nappy. His sweatpants still felt dry to his touch, but the hot and heavy pull up felt like it was sagging between his thighs. Groggily, he looked around. He could see Nikki’s feet where her bed curtain hadn’t been pulled completely closed, so he knew she was still asleep, and probably not aware of his presence, and he really hoped to keep it that way if he could, so he took a slightly waddling step towards the door, opened it, stepped out onto the dewy grass in his socked feet, feeling the coldness in sharp contrast to the warmth between his legs, then gently closed it behind him.

The sun was starting to come up, but it was still cool, and he shivered as his bladder twitched, and he felt another dribble of pee leak out, tickling his balls as it ran over them. His urgency to finish emptying his bladder intensified, and he looked around nervously, seeing some signs of movement from the adults section of the park, where people where starting to emerge from their vans.

In fact, it looked like someone was actually walking towards him.

Shit!

It was his mother!

He was stuck in no mans land. To get back to the safety of his own van, he would need to walk at least twenty yards in her direction, directly towards her. If she happened to look up now, she would see him obviously sneaking out of his girlfriends van in the early morning light. His bladder loosened again, and a fresh heat started warming his padding. Shit!

Dan swung in the other direction, and, still peeing, he did a bow legged waddle in the other direction, around the annexe, and behind the girls van. As he walked, he reached behind him, touching the diaper that was sticking up from the back of his sweats. Apparently his pants had dragged themselves down a bit as he’d slid from Amy’s bed. Grabbing at his diapers waistband, he pulled it sharply up, snugging the sodden padding tightly against his boyhood, and restricting the flow of urine once more. The boy hurried as quickly as he could behind the vans, scurrying to the gap between them, to what he hoped was the safety of the front end of his van, directly outside where he should of been sleeping.

Once he was safely hidden there, he finally relaxed his aching bladder, and felt his diaper begin to really swell, as his feet got cold and wet, as his socks soaked up the morning dew. The boy was completely helpless, trapped with nowhere to go, even as the last bit of his urine escaped, and trickled slowly down the inside of his leg, forcing his legs even wider apart.

“Danny? What’re you doing?”

He slowly turned, coming face to face with his mother.

Dan felt the terror of being caught doing something wrong rearing up like a dragon in the back of his mind. He wasn’t concerned about having an accident, at least not much, but he didn’t know if his mother had seen him leaving Amy’s caravan or not. He resorted to the age old trick that kids, both young and old resort to.

Puppy dog eyes.

He looked helplessly at his mother, big brown eyes a bit watery, and sniffed, even managing to get a slight trembling of his lower lip happening.

“Mum, can you help me? I’ve hadda accident. I wet myself...”

&&

