Ayla's Drunken Dilemma

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2017-07-30 17:44

I could keep saying "Writing practice!" but when a thing is fucking 10 pages long and has been pieced together over a fucking month and a half...It's no longer "Writing practice!" As much as I would love to sit and perfect every letter, word, sentence, and paragraph using the same logic of "give a thousand monkeys typewriters and they'll inevitably write Shakespeare" I realized I'm gonna get nowhere.

Some of the people here are well familiar with this character. If you read my interactive she was one of the chosen characters and to the few people I've sat in IRC with, I rarely shut up about her. She is easily my star character and by far my most beloved.

Additional notes: Thanks @Faust for going through the story and making sure it was acceptable.

___

Five months. Five months had passed since Ayla had entered Fort Victoria in the hopes the guild that called the fort their home would welcome a girl who had left behind her old life as nomad in exchange for fame and fortune. After so many months practicing in the courtyard with her rapier, besting the other apprentices in training, and taking whatever odd jobs she could, whether it be protecting merchant caravans or clearing the underground pipes of rats. Grigori, the head of the guild, had taken note of the girls progress. He called her into his study that evening with good news. When Ayla arrived, Grigori was not alone. Alongside him stood Lucina, her stern commanding presence looming over even the Guildmaster as she stood dressed in her formal attire, a black dress with a silver trim and a light set of silver plate over her chest. Her long snow white hair was braided, flowing down behind her.

“Addilyn.” He had said, pacing back and forth behind his desk. “I think it’s time…”

Ayla stood, her heart racing with excitement as Grigori removed a small patch from his back pocket. Ayla knew exactly what it was, which made her heart race even faster. The guilds official seal, a phoenix standing before a shield with two swords crossed in the background, worn by those who represented Fort Victoria and the guild on official contracts. It was all Ayla had wanted. Recognition for her tireless hours of dedication to the guild and finally that day had come

Lucina gave her friend a celebratory pat. “You represent Fort Victoria now.”

Ayla took the seal. Inside her head she was screaming with glee, but she maintained a calm composure on the outside. No hero ever screamed like a giddy child. She had to kepe her cool. "Thank you, Guildmaster."

Outside the study, Yuka, one of Ayla’s comrades, sat and waited. She was a blonde haired girl from the eastern continent of Orientia. Although she had a natural beauty of her homeland, with tanned skin and a soft slender face, she preferred to be more...eccentric, looking more boyish than her eastern beauty would allow her, with short shaggy hair, poorly cut and greasy and her extremely skinny physique made her breasts near non-existent, all wrapped up with a crooked smile that hung to her lips.

“Well?” She asked curiously when the girls exited the study.

Ayla held out the seal. “I did it!”

“AHA!” Yuka grabbed her friend and squeezed her tightly with joy. “She’s one of us now!” She stunk of ale and a strange fruity aroma which was most likely wine. “She’s one of us!”

“Yuka...you’re c-crushing…me...”

“Oh...right.” She weakened her grip. “This means we get to celebrate!” She cheered again, seeming a lot more enthusiastic at the thought of revelry. “DRINKS ARE ON ME!” She pulled out a large sack, almost bursting with coin.

“You’ve paid off your damages, I assume?” Lucina asked, her arms sternly crossed.

“Why do you think I’m so rich!?” Yuka smirked again. “Anyway don’t shit on Ayla’s day! She’s a proper Guildhand now!”

Lucina sighed. She didn’t uncross her arms. “You’re right. For once. Let’s go out for a drink, to celebrate our new Guildhand.” She looked at Ayla and smiled.

“Okay!” Ayla cheered. “But I’ve been out training all day. I’m sweaty and dirty...let me wash first at least.”

“No problem!” Yuka smirked. “I can wash your back.”

Suddenly, a gauntleted arm grabbed Yuka by her shoulder. “You’ll do no such thing! You can go get changed as well! Your clothes are filthy!” Lucina lifted her friend up. She turned to Ayla. “Take your time, Ayla. I’m gonna go get this one changed.”

“I don’t need to change!”

“You fucking do.” Lucina hissed. She pushed Yuka along, the blonde haired girl protesting with each shove. You would think the girls were sisters the way they acted around each other.

Ayla headed back to her bedchamber to clean up before heading out to celebrate. She did nothing fancy, just filling a basin with some soapy water and washing off the dirt from the training ground. She had gone down into the mud once or twice while sparring. Ayla was a bright cheery girl. Eighteen years of age, with fiery hair and a soft yet charming look, a common appearance of her homeland of Serkaine. She had dark blue eyes that flickered with a sense of naive innocence, fitting for a young bard such as herself. She dressed in the only attire she owned that she deemed “formal” her usual dark travelling shorts and since the weather allowed it, her white short-sleeved duelling tunic.

She made her way down to the tavern alongside her two friends, Yuka and Lucina. It was a warm summer evening on the small isle of Guildon. The sun was fading over the distant mountains, setting the sky ablaze with the beautiful gleam of fiery orange. The waterfront, where most of the taverns called their home was alive with cheers and joyous revelry. Once the night set in and the final hour of sunlight had burned away, there was nothing for the farmers or fishermen of the island to do other than drink and weave mundane tales of their day in the presence of strong drink and good company. The girls passed through the centre of town and along the dock, to Yuka’s regular hovel for drinking, a small tavern that sat on the foot of the isle, overlooking the lake.

The tavern was packed at night. Many traders and wanderers frequented it when they were passing through Guildon. There wasn’t really much else to do for them. The only other place of note was Fort Victoria, not exactly a place for non-locals unless they were selling wares to them which more times than not they weren’t. A sea of drably dressed travelers squeezed into the large room, the sound of chatter and cheering filled the air A group of colourfully dressed bards sat on a small stage, tuning their instruments and waiting for the hubbub around the tavern to die down.

“Guess who Grigori finally told she was USEFUL!?” Yuka yelled, placing her arm around Addilyn’s shoulder and squeezing her playfully. “She’s an apprentice!” She continued, pushing Addilyn along toward her usual table. “Oskar! We’re celebrating! Bring us a keg of your finest dragon’s piss! I mean, the stuff that will REALLY hit us!” Yuka snapped her fingers. “And tell your three most expensive girls you to ready themselves for later.”

“Ah! Yuka? I don’t want a brothel girl.”

A lewd smirk hung on Yuka’s face. “Not to worry. They’re all for me! After all: WE’RE CELEBRATING! And why would I get you one? You already have a lady to do fun things with.” She began making rude gestures with her hands, symbolizing acts best left unsaid.

“I do?” Ayla feigned ignorance. She and her girlfriend, who happened to be the sister of the guild's master of coin, had agreed to try and be clandestine in their relationship, though they didn’t excel at being subtle, they did everything together. Including sharing a bedchamber.

“You two are aware you aren’t as subtle as you think you are with your relationship, right? You don’t think half of that hall sees you taking your breakfast to your chambers together? Or practising together in the yard? Is that why she isn’t here tonight?”

“No, her and Isabelle had business with Grigori. She wanted to come out to celebrate, but Isabelle insisted she stay.”

Lucina scoffed. “One day that moron we call a lady will understand she can’t mould her sister into a younger version of herself.”

“Gah!” Yuka groaned impatiently. “You two mutter like a pair of past prime fishwives! Shut up about guild business and help me with this keg!” She grabbed two of the empty flagons and pushed them down into the keg of ale. “There!” She said placing the two flagons, now overfilled with house ale, in front of the girls. “Drink! We’re celebrating! You too Lucina!”

After being stared down, Lucina grasped the flagon. “Fine. Just one though!”

“Ten it is! Gotcha!” Yuka cheered. “To our new apprentice!”

The girls smashed their flagons together in revelry. Lucina and Yuka downed their drinks in a single gulp. Both girls slammed down their empty flagons and smiled as ale ran down their lips. “I think you mean MY apprentice. Last I checked you’re still on probation.”

“No! I mean OUR apprentice. We know Grigori only probates me to shut up that fucking whore we call a coinmaster. OW!” Lucina walloped her. “What was that for!?”

“You don’t call her a whore! You know how much I hate that word!”

Addilyn let the girls ramble and took a small mouthful from her own flagon, her face shuddered as the bitter ale hit her tongue. “Come on Ayla!” Yuka took notice of her grimacing face and began cheering her on. “Drink! Drink! Drink!” She slammed her flagon on the table in rhythm.

“Okay! Okay!” Ayla took a deep breath, lifted the flagon and chugged the whole thing.

“That’s my girl!” Yuka continued. Both she and Lucina chuckled as Ayla’s face twisted and gritted at the bitterness of the ale.

“Don’t be such a baby.” Lucina said. “It doesn’t taste that bad.”

“NOW! ROUND TWO!” Yuka filled the flagons again.

It didn’t stop at the second flagon. To top it all off, this was strong stuff, knocking Ayla on her arse in less than three flagons. She wanted to stop when the room started spinning, but Yuka kept cheering her on, encouraging her to down the drink whole. After a few more drinks, the festivities began to grow rowdier and more debaucherous. The band of travelling bards graced the patrons with some lively music to accompany their drinking, most of the tavern, now well and truly sloshed on ale, were up on the tables, cheering and clapping in rhythm to the music the bard's played. Ayla loved every second of it, being with her two best friends and a room full of ale-loaded people, herself included, dancing and cheering. It reminded her of home, with the travelling caravans. Every night was like this one.

Finally, the revelry died down in the later hours of the night. By the time the lamps in the streets were lit and the moon was far above the mountains, many had burned out on their revelry. The bards had toned down the liveliness of their songs and most patrons had fallen asleep at their tables. Addilyn, feeling quite tired herself and lightheaded from her six flagons of ale, went and took a seat back at her table.

“T-thersh the lucky lady!” Yuka slurred. She hadn’t left the table all night, preferring the warming comfort of a working girl's breasts to the festivities. “Sooo...how do you feel?”

“Sleepy…” Ayla murmured, too drunk to even keep her head up. She fell face first onto the table, hoping to rest her eyes for a moment.

It was longer than a moment. Ayla felt the cold brush of the air on her skin. When she came to she was moving through the streets of Guildon, a strong pair of hands guiding her wobbling figure. “I hope you had fun tonight.” Lucina! “I had a feeling I’d be dragging your drunken hide back to the bed.”

The narrow streets twisted and turned. So did her stomach. Ayla tried to remember but couldn’t she really remember anything before her sixth drink. She just remembered more drinking...and some dancing? Or singing? Her mind was hazy about the details. She instead tried to stop herself from falling back asleep, but eventually she couldn’t stop herself from drifting off.

“Ah! There she is! I was worried about when you’d be getting back.” That voice. That sweet, mildly concerned voice. Ayla recognized her, Lady Matilda, her girlfriend.

“Apologies, my lady. She got...carried away with the drinking.”

The lady laughed. “Well it is her special night, Grigori told me all about it. Okay, lie her down. I’ll look after her from here.” Addilyn felt another hand wrap around her as she was laid down on the bed. She opened her eyes for a split second, catching a quick glimpse of her lover’s dark brown hair and beautiful face before the spinning room and hazy vision forced her to close her eyes once more. Lady Matilda sat by her side and gently placed the quilt over her. The moment she felt the warmth of her blanket cover her, the small conversation the girls had after faded into nothing but noise as Ayla fell asleep.

Ayla awoke later that night, quite desperate to relieve herself from the pains in her stomach. When she awoke late in the night with the urgent need to answer nature’s call, her chambers were seeped in shadows with the moon high above her window. Ayla sat up, her stomach feeling heavy. It was like a hammer was using her head as an anvil. She dragged herself from the bed, onto to her feet. All that drinking in the town had left her feeling dizzy. The room was spinning and her eyes failed to properly grasp her surroundings. She collapsed back on her bed in a drunken heap.

“Matilda…” Ayla leant over the bed, tugging at the shoulders of her lover who was sleeping soundly beside her.

The sleeping lady groaned wearily before shaking off Ayla’s hand.

“Wake up…” Ayla tried again. “Please.”

“What is it?” Matilda fiddled around on the end table, grabbing her lantern and lighting it with a weak snap of her fingers.

“Will you come with me to the lavatory?” She begged. Even the mention of the word made her cross her legs. “I really need to go.”

Matilda, again, groaned. “It’s late...and dark...just…use the vase over there.” She gestured towards an old silver vase that sat in the corner of the bedchamber, gleaming in the moonlight.

“No! I’m n-not gonna...use the vase.” The thought repulsed Ayla. Hovering herself over an old dusty vase and filling that up. The sound would echo through the halls. She was desperate, but not enough to just lazily empty herself in the corner. She shook off the idea and decided to just make her way down to the lavatories in the east halls. It took a try or two, but Ayla managed to stumble to her feet a second time, almost crashing into her table as her legs went weak for a second. She grabbed a lantern from beside her bed and took her cloak from the door. “I’ll make my own way there.”

The large halls and twisting corridors always made Ayla feel uneasy during the late hours. Walking past the paintings of the past guildmasters, Ayla always felt they were watching when her back was turned, staring with their lifeless, painted eyes. She walked quickly along the old stone, wrapped in her travelling cloak. She tried to remember how much she had drank the previous night; It must’ve been a fair share, she felt like she fit to burst with a bladder full of ale.

But all she could remember was a blurred haze.

She finally came to the lavatories, which were unlocked. “Oh thank heavens.” She entered the lavatories and made her way over to the first stall, already undoing her shorts to save herself some time. Seeing the stalls had made her need feel much more dire, like her bladder knew relief was at hand. She nudged her way into the stall...setting her eyes on the most unfortunate sight.

“What...where’s the…?” It was like a nightmare come true; The stall was barren. Only the small pipe that connected to the forts pipes was left protruding from the wall. She refused to pull her shorts back up and checked the remaining four stalls; each time coming upon the same lonesome pipe and nowhere to sit and relieve herself. Had she missed something? The plumbing was always fickle, there were always labourers in and out working on pipes and the water, but never had they properly removed the damn things. She groaned and tensed the muscles between her legs, forcing herself to wait a little longer before she could pee.

There were a second set of lavatories in the west of the fort. All Ayla had to do was head down the next set of stairs and along another corridor. So quickly she went. Unfortunately for her, upon arriving at the west lavatories and trying the door to the girls, she found the door didn’t budge. Locked. Ayla bit her lip and muttered a small curse. “Locked? Damn fickle plumbing…” Ayla wondered if she could get the door open. If the lavatories couldn’t be used, maybe she would be able to sit on the sink; She was desperate enough to make use of the sinks after all. She held herself tighter and barged the door with her shoulder. A small yelp escaped as her exertion with such a full bladder forced her to dribble a little into her undergarments.

Ayla couldn’t resist giving the door several attempts in a fit of desperation. Even after her leak, She kept hoping, as she shook the door, that it would just fall open and she could get in. Once reality set in and Ayla realized the door wasn’t opening regardless of how much she banged and hoped, she leant against it and pressed her hands further between her legs. It was then, Ayla was left with a most unsavoury thought. She looked to the boys lavatory and give the door a curious nudge. It opened. She looked up and town the hallway. Nobody was awake. The halls were deserted. Ayla was on her own and given the situation she had found herself in, surely she could be forgiven for nipping into the forbidden boys lavatory to do the deed.

The boys looked no different than the girls, same dull grey stones decorated the wall and the same miserable stone floor. The only difference was a long steel trough that ran along the back wall. In fact, the steel trough was the only thing in the whole room, confusing Ayla .Greatly. Boys still had to deal with...the other thing. Where the hell did they go to do it if there were no stalls? Her bladder twinged, the urge was becoming unbearable, like a roaring fire in her maidenhood. She stared at the long steel trough, her lips quivering with desperation.

In a fit of desperate curiosity, Ayla pondered if she could use the trough, even if she wasn’t exactly “equipped” for it. She was in a tight enough pinch to give the thought some serious consideration. She kept staring, contemplating if she really could while already her mind was made up. Her hands were fiddling with her shorts, fighting to get the damned belt undone. There was a small step to stand up over the trough, far too narrow to allow Ayla to properly bend herself over it. With the lack of squatting space and her legs, weak and wobbly, she was certain to fall back arse-first onto the lavatory floor.

She didn't even want to think about the state she'd end up in if she toppled over while going; falling arse-first onto a filthy lavatory floor would be the least of her worries. “I'm going to have to stand over this...like a boy.” Her cheeks burned, this wouldn’t be like sitting on a sink or squatting over a drain. What if somebody came in and saw her? Shorts down and leaning over the trough, relieving herself like a back alley drunk? “I need to stop thinking so much.” Ayla shook her head, wiping away her anxiousness.

“It’s late. I just need to be quick and then I can get back to bed. This shouldn’t be hard. I’ve seen Yuka do it plenty of times.” Ayla stepped up over the trough, she pulled her shorts down to her knees and leant forward slightly, standing on her tiptoes with her head resting drunkenly against the wall. “I hope I don’t make a mess of myself.” Ayla felt her cheeks burn. She stood for a moment, her eyes glaring down at the cold steel. She was really about to do this, out of sheer desperation. Using the trough...like a boy. She turned back toward the door. All silent in the halls still. She was confident she was in the clear. Ayla took a deep breath to steady herself and relaxed, ignoring the shame in the back of her mind.

THUD! Something slammed behind her. Suddenly Ayla seized up, somebody had seen her. A boy? Quickly, she stood up straight and yanked her shorts back up. She couldn't go through with this knowing somebody had witnessed her in the act. She picked up her lantern and dashed for the door. It was like fate was toying with her, mocking her by giving her just slither of hope before yanking it away at the last second. She really wanted to piss!

Ayla peered out the door. The halls were black and empty. Not a soul in sight. Whoever had witnessed her had vanished. No doubt returning to their bedchamber, ignoring the girl they saw who was trying to pee like a boy. Thankfully. She couldn't risk trying a second time, even when she really wanted to just push the unpleasantness aside and piss in the trough, her body seized up thinking about what could happen if she was caught off-guard again. Being forced to stop herself at the edge of relief had made her urge far worse. The burning grew more intense. She felt like she could leak at any moment. It wouldn’t even be a leak, if even a small dribble escaped, Ayla feared she wouldn’t be able to contain herself.

Finally! She remembered! How could she have been so stupid? There were the old privies out by the lower courtyards, just past where the weapons were forged and the stables. They weren’t as lavish as the modern plumbing in the halls; they were just old wooden boxes with a hole for relieving yourself in, but as Ayla leant against the wall,with her fingers pressed against herself, she didn’t really care. She was willing to sit on a window and expose her arse to the cold air if it meant she could finally take her badly needed piss. As tempting as that thought was, especially with the open windows along the hallway leading down to the empty courtyards below, Ayla stifled her urges in the hopes of keeping some grace. She tensed up and made her way out to the courtyards. “I should’ve just done it in the vase…” She muttered to herself with regret.

Ayla smiled with glee when she saw the lower courtyards and those four small wooden privies along the west wall. In that moment, she felt like she was gazing at heaven. The walk felt like it had taken forever. Ayla wanted to run toward them. Just sprint towards the nearest privy and slam the door closed. She could sit, she could pee, she could contemplate the night fate spat in her face. But knowing she’d be able to pee was good enough. The pain, both in her bladder and between her legs was...immense. Hell, even just the walk out had been a struggle, forced to walk down two flights of stairs and across an empty training room, all the while with her hands jammed so lewdly against herself and the occasional need to stop until the overwhelming urge to leak subsided enough for her to push on. It was a gauntlet of strength at this point, both mental and physical.

There were just a final set of steps of Ayla’s little “gauntlet”. Just one more flight of stairs. But as she hurried toward it, she spied something just beyond the main gate. The orange glow of another lantern. Two boys. She could hear them singing when they got close enough. They were clearly drunk after no doubt celebrating late into the night. Ayla froze up, the total opposite of what she wanted. She couldn’t let two boys see her in such a pitiful state, clambering for the lavatory like a little girl, with a hand stuffed between her legs and a pained grimace on her face that begged for relief. She had to hide. Fast. She extinguished her lantern, leaving herself in darkness. she needed somewhere to hide until they had passed. “I've made it this long...I can wait until they pass.” She quickly moved over to the stables before they got too close, taking refuge with the snoozing horses while she waited for the boys drunken serenades to vanish into the night.

“Wait...wait...hold on...” One of the boys stopped for the moment. He stood right on the other side of the door. “Stand watch for me.” There was a faint clinking of metal. Ayla peered through a hole in the wood, spying one of the boys undoing his belt. She averted her eyes as the boy leant up against the side of the stable and emptied his own bladder against the wall, his stream hissing and splattering loudly.

“Hoo…” The boy sighed. The sound of his water grew louder.

Ayla was forced to listen, gritting her teeth and pressing tightly. She was shaking, with both urgency and envy. The noise...it was like listening to a river. A relieving. Badly needed. River. Clearly he needed that. Just like she did. Her muscles were on the verge of giving out as she was forced to squeeze herself as tightly as humanly possibly.

“Hurry up.” The boy urged his comrade, who after a good twenty seconds finished his business.

There was the shuffling again. “Alright. Done. Let’s go.” The boys only made it a few steps before they stopped again.

“What now?”

“Some idiot left the stable door open. Do you know how pissed Sara would be if one of her steeds got out?” The lantern light split as the stable door was closed, dividing into thin rays of glowing orange between the slits of the wood. Please just close the door… She pleaded in her head.

THUD! That sound...a heavy block of wood colliding with metal. That sound drained all the hope from Ayla. In that moment she felt any hope she had left vanish, knowing it was too late. The boy had placed the barricade over the door, leaving Ayla was trapped in the stables, with the horses, the unpleasant stink of hay and manure and herself holding back with all her might to keep her from pissing herself.

Ayla was So close to the privy. She could see them just across the yard from a small hole in the stables, teasing her with their presence. “ooo...I give up.” She sighed. Those idiots had unwittingly locked her in with the horses, and nobody would be around to unlock the door until morning. Ayla couldn’t wait any longer. She had to piss now. Anywhere. Nowhere was off limits at this moment. A jug, the floor, the wall, the hay like the horses. The hay! Ayla didn't care anymore.

She wanted this...No! She NEEDED this. She'd held it in long enough. She ran over to the end of the stable, frantically pulling at her shorts as she walked. It felt like an eternal struggle as she wrestled with her belt. Her legs, shaking violently, didn’t help, nor did the difficulty of keeping her hands away from her pee hole long enough, she moved her hands for only a second, feeling a spurt shoot out. She took a deep breath and staggered along, ignoring the confused neighs and whinnies of the horses. It was like a walk of shame. They watched her waddle along, holding herself like a child. Her heart sank, but she took no notice. She made it to the end of the stable, she stopped moving and began frantically pulling at her shorts.

She struggled to get them down, it was like an eternal struggle, the final battle. Click! The belt came undone! “Ha!” She cheered to herself as she undid the button. This was it! The moment of truth. Ayla didn’t wait a second. With her belt undone, some semblance of privacy and a somewhat acceptable place to use, She squatted down behind the pens, hovering over the thick pile of fresh hay. It wasn’t a lavatory. It wasn’t an outhouse. Hell, it wasn’t even a small patch of grass out of the way of the main path, but given her unfortunate circumstance, it was as good as she was gonna get. There Ayla was, her shorts indignantly draped around her boots, her rear hovering over a pile of hay and at long last, the relief that she had longed for all night.

It was here. She couldn’t believe after the night she had that she finally could, nothing would stop her, nothing at all. She relaxed and bent forward an inch. The relief hit her instantly. “Haaaaa~” She moaned. A thick pale stream fell from between her legs, splattering noisily into the hay on the ground. “Oooooh….” She continued, moaning as she felt her bladder shrinking with each second. She couldn’t stop herself from making such lewd noises. It was bliss. Pure bliss. Pouring out from between her thighs. She didn't let up for at least forty seconds. A small pool had began flooding out from the hay. forming around her boots on the stone after it failed to soak up any more of her pee. She could feel the steam rising against her bare legs. It felt...rather pleasant in the chilly air. But oddly, her thighs and back began to feel oddly warm. Not that she cared much. In the moment the only thing Ayla cared about was her overwhelming relief.

“Ayla?” A voice suddenly called out. “AYLA!?” That voice. It was Matilda!

Ayla flinched! She tried to stop herself from peeing, but couldn’t. No matter how hard she tried to stop, her stream persisted.

“I w-was...I was just sitting!” Ayla shot up in a cold sweat, confused and flustered. She found herself back in the familiar surroundings of her bedchamber at the crack of dawn. The whole thing had been a dream. A horrible, tormenting dream that punished her for a night of drinking. “What’s the matter?” She turned To Matilda

“YOU’VE S-SULLIED THE BED!” Matilda yelled.

“I-I’ve...wha?” It took a moment for her to catch on, her head felt heavy and so did her stomach, but when Ayla regained her senses...she could hear it, a strong hissing that filled the morning air, emanating from beneath the blanket. She threw her them aside, her cheeks running red as she came face to face with a soaked set of bedsheets. Between her legs She could feel a warm spray, tickling her thighs and maidenly area. It was a warm pleasant sensation, growing larger until it was running down her legs and pooling around her backside.

Ayla lay back down a moment. It felt amazing, just like it had in the dream. Pure relief, but Ayla couldn’t let Matilda see how good this felt. She buried her head in her pillow. She couldn’t look at Matilda with such a face. Ayla was soaked, totally drenched from her waist down in pee. Her thighs and backside were wetter than a river in the rain, the sheets had grown dark and stained, and the morning air was rife with the unfavourable aroma of fresh piss. “I wet the bed…”

“I guess that’s what happens when you don’t pee before bed, huh?.” Matilda chuckled, much to Ayla’s dismay. “Oh, get yourself from under that pillow. You’ve only wet the bed.” She grabbed the pillow and threw it across the room. “You were making these really pained faces in your sleep and then suddenly you started moaning and I f-felt my...back...grow warm.”

Ayla said nothing.

“I guess this is a good thing.” Matilda smiled. “I guess my lovely lady will have to join me for my morning bath.”


