Girl`s School - Page 5

*080*2015-12-27 00:40

To apologise for how long it's taken to get it up, chapter 6 is over 4000 words long, and the total length of the story so far is pushing 22k! I think I'll actually be able to reach my goal of making this novel length... So, here we are. Regular warnings apply, there's corporal punishment, etc. Also, menstruation, for which I have no intention of apologising. Enjoy!

—————

CHAPTER SIX

Agnes was let out that evening. Mr. Portman sent Mary-Louise to release her after evening prayer. She marched Agnes through the compound to the dorm building. Agnes blessed the darkness as she walked in silence, refusing to even look at her Big Sister. She stank of stale urine, but was too exhausted to really care.

‘You can go shower,’ said Mary-Louise when they reached the dorm room. ‘I’m sure we’d all prefer it if you did. Your bathroom privileges are revoked for the next week, and Mr. Portman wants you to come straight to his office after classes tomorrow afternoon. Also, our dorm’s on kitchen duty this week, so we’re excused from morning prayer.’

Agnes nodded. She walked wordlessly to her dresser and pulled out fresh underthings and a towel, before shuffling off to the showers.

Showering had never felt so wonderful. She stood under the warm spray for a long time, letting the stink wash off her tired body. Then she went to bed, too exhausted to even contemplate doing anything else, and was asleep before her head hit the pillow.

The following morning she was shaken awake by Mary-Louise at six. Agnes felt like she had just gone to bed, like she hadn’t slept at all, but somehow managed to get out of bed anyway, following the rest of the dorm to the kitchen where they were given aprons and hairnets, and set to preparing breakfast. It wasn’t so bad, really. It felt good to do something practical, something tactile, rather than sitting half asleep in the chapel. 

‘Whose turn is it to bring breakfast to the Fifth House?’ asked Mary-Louise, placing some half-baked bread in the oven. 

‘Make Agnes do it,’ said Anette, shrugging. 

Mary-Louise shook her head. ‘No way. Madeline is there.’ She pointed to Sarah, one of the girls who had arrived at the same time as Agnes. ‘You go. There are plastic gloves for you to wear in the drawer over there. Take a tray and lay out four portions, then take it to the Fifth House. Don’t touch any of the confined. They’re dirty.’

Agnes pretended she hadn’t heard. Mary-Louise’s matter-of-fact tone frightened her. How could she so callously refer to the girls on their periods as dirty? It wasn’t their fault. Agnes had only had her period three times in her life yet, and her cycle wasn’t even close to regular. Her last had ended just before she was sent off to Mary Magdalene’s. She found herself wondering how long it would be before she got it again and would have to be confined in the Fifth House.

Having eaten so sporadically the day before, Agnes had imagined that she would be hungry this morning, but that wasn’t the case. Rather, it was as though her stomach had shrunk, and the idea of food was deeply unappealing. However, being on kitchen duty, she dished out her own portion, and gave herself little enough that she managed to eat it and keep it down.

Agnes was set back on the water torture after breakfast, but was permitted to use the restroom before going to prepare lunch, getting out of classes an hour earlier than usual for the purpose. She’d heard other girls grumble about kitchen duty, but to her it felt like a holiday, for both her mind and her body.

As the afternoon dragged on, however, she was reminded that she was to report to Mr. Portman’s office after classes. She didn’t know what he wanted from her, but she was fairly certain it couldn’t be good. More than ever she wished that she could talk to Maddie. They saw each other during classes, and shared smiles and waves, but the confined girls were seated separately from the others, and they had no opportunity to speak. Agnes would have done anything for a few words of comfort right then. 

At five she made her way to Mr. Portman’s office. She hesitated outside the door, shifting her weight from one foot to another. It wasn’t as bad as it had been before, as the tips Maddie had given her had paid off, and she had had to stay behind after lunch to clean the kitchen and thus had visited the restroom a mere two and a half hours earlier, but her bladder still felt unpleasantly full. Raising her hand, she knocked twice.

‘Come in,’ said Mr. Portman’s voice, and Maddie pushed the door open and walked inside the office.

He sat behind his desk, seemingly going over some paperwork, but looked up when Agnes entered, smiling.

‘Ah, Agnes! How are you today?’

Agnes shrugged warily. ‘Fine.’

He smiled wider. ‘Well, that won’t do, will it?’ He stood, turning to face the book shelf. ‘Please, go stand over there.’ He gestured to a spot to the left of the desk. ‘And take off your dress and your shoes.’

Agnes blinked, but she knew better by now than to question, so she did as she was told. 

The floor was different here, she realised as she took off her baby pink mary-janes. It looked the same, but instead of the grey linoleum of everywhere else in the compound, the floor here had a plasticky, almost slippery feel to it, and it dipped down slightly, like a very shallow basin, almost unnoticeable unless you were standing in the middle of it. She held her folded up dress and shoes in her hands, waiting for further instructions. 

Mr. Portman turned to face her, glass of water in his hand and smile still on his face. He walked over, taking in her pink camisole and white panties with a nod, and, taking her dress and shoes from her, handed her the glass of water.

‘Drink,’ he instructed, laying the clothes on the edge of his desk. Agnes did as she was told, and he took the glass from her and replaced it next to the water jug in the bookshelf. Then he sat at his desk and returned to his paperwork.

Agnes shifted nervously. This was somehow more unnerving than anything he had put her through yet, being made to just stand like this, but she didn’t ask any questions. She was sure it would not be allowed. So she stood, fidgeting ever so slightly, waiting.

About ten minutes later, Portman stood again and poured her another glass of water, made her drink, and sat back down. Another ten minutes or so passed, and he did it again. Standing still was starting to get difficult, and Agnes felt her bladder grow heavy. She wanted badly to grab herself, do something to ease the pressure, but she felt very uncomfortable doing so while standing here in Portman’s office, so instead she shifted restlessly.

After the fourth glass of water, her legs began to shake, and she swayed from side to side. Finally, Mr. Portman looked up from his work, frowning.

‘Stand still,’ he ordered, and Agnes took a deep breath, halting her movement for a moment. It didn’t last though, and soon she was fidgeting again. ‘I said, stand still,’ Portman repeated. ‘I don’t like having to repeat myself.’

‘Sorry, sir,’ Agnes mumbled. She stood still, and felt a drop of urine leak out into her panties. She held her breath, tried to calm herself, tried to keep from moving. A few minutes passed, and she leaked again. Without thinking, she grabbed her crotch.

Mr. Portman appeared to have seen the sudden movement from the corner of his eye, because he looked up at her. ‘No,’ he said softly. ‘That is not permitted.’

‘But,’ said Agnes before she could stop herself, ‘it’s so hard to—’

‘Don’t question me,’ said Portman conversationally. ‘Your job right now is to do exactly as I tell you, and not ask questions. I have told you to stand still. I expect you to do so.’

Agnes’s mouth opened and closed a few times. Then she nodded.

‘Good girl.’ It sounded like something one might say to an obedient dog, and it made Agnes feel slightly sick. 

The next few minutes were agony. Agnes tried to keep as still as she could, but every so often a drop would escape her, and it became harder and harder not to grab herself or move about. When the first bigger spurt came, and she felt a drop trickle down her legs, her eyes grew wide with mortification and she released an involuntary sob. Mr. Portman looked up, studied her intently. He looked at his watch, stood, and poured her another glass of water.

Agnes stared at the glass in horror. Her bladder had never felt this full, she had never been so desperate to pee, and she felt like if she drank the water she would piss herself and probably vomit. 

‘Drink.’ His voice was hard, his tone no longer conversational. He was not smiling. So Agnes took the glass and drained it, just as another trickle of urine began to make its way down her leg. 

Wetting herself here, in Portman’s office, right in front of him, was not something she wanted to do. He gave no sign that he would relent, that he would let her go, and the next minute passed like in a dream, in slow motion. She watched Mr. Portman sit down at his desk, lift his pen and start to write. She felt the pressure in her bladder build again after her leak, felt the muscles in her legs straining to move and her hand twitching to grab herself. If he didn’t let her go now, she really would pee all over his floor.

‘Please!’ she found herself whimpering before she had time to stop herself. ‘Sir, please let me go to the bathroom, I’m gonna—’

But it was too late, and she realised as she spoke that she was already peeing, and that she couldn’t stop it. It poured down her legs, making little pitter patter noises on the floor. Her face flushed deep scarlet and she sobbed, burying her face in her hands as he watched her void her bladder. He was calm, impassive, waited for her to finish. Sob after sob shook her body, until finally she stopped peeing and felt her tense body relax involuntarily.

Mr. Portman spoke softly. ‘Drop your panties and turn towards the wall.’

Without looking at him, Agnes did as she was told, her panties dropping into the puddle on the floor with a soft splash. She heard him loosen his belt. 

‘Pain and humiliation,’ he said, voice still soft, yet it seemed to echo through the room. ‘You still have a devil in you, Agnes. We have to drive it out. You do see that, don’t you?’

She didn’t answer. What was the point?

‘I do this for your own good,’ said Portman. ‘I do it to save you.’ Then he struck her with the leather of his belt, and she sobbed again.

She didn’t count. Didn’t want to know how many lashes he felt her humiliation was worth. She stood passive, weeping silently, only crying out when the pain broke through her shame. Then it stopped, but she remained standing facing the wall. He hadn’t told her that she could move, after all. 

She heard him open a door, and another. There was the sound of running water somewhere, which was unpleasant as she actually needed to pee again now, but still she stood, hands splayed on the wall, waiting. She heard his footsteps approach, and the door close again, and then he finally spoke.

‘Clean up the puddle, put your dress back on and go wash up before you go to the kitchen to prepare supper.’ There came the sound of a bucket being placed down on the floor and Agnes slowly straightened. 

There was a mop in the bucket, and she used it to clean up the puddle, placing her sopping wet panties in a plastic bag. Portman handed her some tissue paper to dry herself off with a bit, and then she pulled her dress back on.

‘Same time tomorrow,’ said Portman. ‘Now off you go.’

Shoes in one hand and plastic bag in the other, Agnes left Mr. Portman’s office. She walked calmly down the hallway until she reached a restroom, opened the door and went inside. Locking the door behind her, she dropped to her hands and knees and vomited into the toilet.

—————

Three realisations hit Agnes when she woke in the middle of the night. The first was that she was in the shower room again. The second was that she had a sharp pain in her abdomen. And the third was that she was about to pee in her panties again.

Quicker than she thought her sleep-addled mind should have been able to react, she pulled her panties down and squatted over the drain, just as her sphincter gave way and she began to void. Then, looking down, she noticed a few flecks of red in her panties. Well, that explained the stomach cramps. 

When she had finished she stood up, not even bothering to feel embarrassed, and pulled her panties back on gingerly. She turned the shower on, washing away the evidence of her sleep-walking near-accident, and returned to the dorm. The clock on the wall told her it was three in the morning.

She checked her sheets, but they had no blood on them, so she walked over to Mary-Louise’s bed and shook her awake.

The blonde opened her eyes, blinked a few times, and focused on Agnes’s face in the semi-darkness.

‘Hey,’ Agnes whispered. ‘Um . . . I got my period.’

Mary-Louise sat up with a sigh, rubbing her eyes. ‘What, just now?’ Agnes nodded. ‘Well, that’s just great. Just when we’ve got kitchen duty and everything, and we’ll be one short.’

Agnes rolled her eyes. ‘Yes, I got my period just to spite you. Could you just tell me what to do, please?’

Mary-Louise looked genuinely offended for a moment, before shrugging in an aloof manner. ‘Fine. Get your stuff and I’ll take you to the Fifth House.’ She squinted at Agnes. ‘You better not be faking just so you can hang out with that harlot.’

Agnes might have laughed at that, but she was too tired to find the near-biblical insult funny. Instead she quirked an eyebrow and said, ‘What, you wanna check my panties for blood?’

It was so worth it for the look of horror on Mary-Louise’s face. ‘Ew. No.’

Agnes was marched to the Fifth House, where Mary-Louise, who apparently had access to the keys, unlocked the door and showed her inside. They walked past the Rooms to the end of the corridor, and Mary-Louise opened the door. 

In the light from the hall, Agnes could see seven beds (just like the regular dorms), four of which were occupied. On the other end of the room there was a bookshelf, a long table with seven chairs, and a worn old couch. 

‘There’s a cupboard with sanitary pads and stuff in the bathroom,’ Mary-Louise whispered, gesturing to a closed door off to the left hand side of the room. ‘For reasons of hygiene, bathroom privileges are generally restored during confinement, unless otherwise specified. I’ll inform Mr. Portman in the morning. You’ll go to classes as usual, but you’re not permitted in the chapel, the mess or the dorm building. Now, pick a bed and go to sleep.’ Without waiting for Agnes’s reply, Mary-Louise turned her back and left.

Agnes went into the bathroom, found a pad in the cupboard and changed her underwear. She breathed a sigh of relief that she hadn’t had time to leak through her panties yet. Then she went back out into the dorm room, scanning the beds for a familiar hint of red curls. When she spotted them, she was glad to find that the next bed over was free, and chose it easily.

As she crawled into bed, she noticed movement next to her, and someone yawned.

‘Agnes?’ Maddie whispered, sitting up in bed. She wore a loose fitting white night gown. ‘What are you doin’ here?’

‘Got my period,’ Agnes replied with a grin. ‘Don’t think I’ve ever been so happy about bleeding before . . . But we can talk about it tomorrow. We should sleep.’

In the dark, she could just about see Maddie’s smile. She reached out and grabbed Agnes’s hand, squeezing. ‘I’m glad you’re here,’ she whispered. ‘Good night.’

Agnes returned her smile. ‘Night.’

—————

Mornings in the Fifth House turned out to be a far more relaxed affair than usual. They were supposed to spend the morning in quiet contemplation, but with no one there to watch them, and breakfast not being served until half past seven, they slept in instead, as there were no Big Sisters present to make them do otherwise. 

Aside from Agnes and Maddie, there were three girls confined at present. Jean was tall and dark-haired, and about sixteen, while Caroline had mousy brown hair and a round, pink face. Laura was a small, blonde girl Agnes’s age, who had arrived at Mary Magdalene’s at the same time she had. Through conversation over breakfast, Agnes learned that she was having her first ever period. Nobody had ever explained menstruation to her before she got it, and she had been terrified when she’d woken up two nights ago to find her sheets soaked in blood. Agnes could sympathise; if her friends at school hadn’t told her about periods before she got hers, she wouldn’t have known what was happening the first time, either. Laura had been home-schooled, and so no school friends had been able to tell her anything.

In spite of stomach cramps and the discomfort of the pads (they hadn’t exactly invested in high quality feminine hygiene products), it was probably the best day Agnes had had since she arrived. She had almost had a good night’s sleep, got to eat at her own pace and as much or little as she was comfortable with, and could go to the bathroom whenever she liked. Classes were boring as hell, but they had quiet meditation that afternoon, and since they weren’t allowed in the chapel, they instead spent the afternoon outside in the dry grass, enjoying the sunshine and talking quietly.

‘How long have you been here?’ Agnes asked Jean.

‘I can answer that,’ said Maddie. ‘Four months. She arrived the day I was supposed to be sent home.’

Jean nodded. ‘Yup. And you two,’ she nodded to Agnes and Laura, ‘arrived on the day I was supposed to be sent home.’

Caroline, who had already told them that she had arrived seven weeks ago, cocked her head to one side. ‘Why weren’t you sent home?’

Maddie laughed. ‘Is that a serious question?’

‘I hadn’t become godly enough,’ said Jean. ‘So Mr. Portman called my parents and recommended they extend my stay another three months.’

‘And you?’ Caroline asked Maddie.

Maddie sighed. ‘Much the same. Except in my case, he recommended they extend my stay indefinitely.’ She shrugged. ‘Honestly, in spite of everything I don’t really mind. I don’t wanna go home, exactly, and at least my days here are predictable.’

Agnes frowned and studied Maddie’s face. She wore a wan smile that didn’t even begin to reach her eyes. ‘Why don’t you wanna go home?’

Maddie gave a derisive snort. ‘My parents are the ones who sent me here. If I never see them again it will be too soon.’ She didn’t meet Agnes’s eyes as she said it, and Agnes was reasonably sure she wasn’t being told the whole truth, but decided against pushing the subject.’

None of them asked why the others had been sent to Mary Magdalene’s in the first place. Agnes supposed it was a little like jail. The one thing one should never ask was, ‘So, what are you in for?’ Then she realised that that was one of the first things Maddie had ever asked her, and found herself wondering why.

The doors to the chapel opened, and the other girls began spilling out into the sunny afternoon. Quiet meditation had ended, which meant it must be nearly five.

Suddenly, Agnes’s heart began hammering in her chest. Was Mr. Portman still expecting her in his office? She wasn’t keen on sharing the fact of her continued punishment with the whole group, so she didn’t dare ask. Instead she stood up. 

‘I’ve got a thing I need to do,’ she said at their questioning looks. ‘I’ll see you guys later.’

She hurried to Mr. Portman’s office. On the way there, she kept an eye out for Mary-Louise. If anyone would know if she was still expected it would be her, but she was nowhere to be seen. There was nothing else to do, then. She reached the door of Portman’s office and knocked.

‘Come in,’ he said, and she pushed the door open. 

Portman looked up from his desk, spotted her and his expression froze. A moment later the smile he had been wearing turned to anger, and his fist clenched around his pen. ‘What are you doing here?’ he hissed. 

Agnes shifted her weight nervously. ‘I . . . You said . . . You told me to—’

‘You are filthy! Steeped in sin! You shouldn’t even look upon a man in your current state! Out!’ He stood. ‘I said, get out! When you are clean again, I want you back here, and there will be a reckoning.’ He wasn’t shouting. His voice didn’t even sound all that angry, but his eyes were dark with rage, and Agnes backed out of the room and ran.

She didn’t stop running until she reached the Fifth House and stood in the corridor outside the door to their room. She took a few deep breaths and walked inside, trying to ignore her churning stomach.

Caroline and Jean were sitting at the table, chatting in hushed tones. Laura lay on her bed, her cramps clearly having worsened, clutching her stomach and looking out of it. Maddie sat in the couch, browsing through a book called Good Girls Go To Heaven; Bad Girls Burn In Hell. She looked up when she heard Agnes enter, and smiled, waving her over.

‘Man, this book is the lamest excuse for a self-help guide I’ve ever seen,’ she said. ‘It’s even worse than most of the shit in the common room. Look at this one, though.’ She put down the book and reached over to the bookshelf to pull out another one. ‘Original Sin: Of Menstruating Women’s Place in Church. Spoiler: Menstruating women have no place in a church. This thing claims that periods are God’s punishment of all women for what Eve did in the garden, and that while a girl is on her period she’s dirty and extra vulnerable to possession. According to this, men shouldn’t even be in the same room as a menstruating woman in case they’re tainted by her. Insane.’ She looked up at Agnes with a grin, but the expression faltered at the look on her face. ‘What’s up? You look kind of freaked.’

Agnes let out a breath she hadn’t realised she’d been holding. ‘Wish I’d read that book before I went and did a really stupid thing,’ she said weakly.

‘Why? What did you do?’ 

‘Well, yesterday Mr. Portman called me to his office after classes, for . . . punishment.’ She felt herself blush as she said it and looked away. ‘After, he told me to come back today. I didn’t know if I was still supposed to, but I thought better safe than sorry, so . . . I went.’

Maddie looked stricken. ‘Oh, shit! Baby girl, I’m sorry, I should have . . . Did no one tell you that you have to stay as far away from him as possible while you’re confined?’ She shook her head. ‘I should have told you. I’m sorry, I thought you knew. I mean, your Big Sis should have—’ She froze, her expression changing from shocked to stormy. ‘That bitch! Mary-Louise should have told you not to do that. I’ll bet she refrained from telling you on purpose, so you’d get in trouble. That fucking—Jesus Fucking Christ, I’m gonna knock her teeth out next time I see her!’

Agnes grabbed Maddie’s hand, shaking her head. ‘It’s okay! I’ll be fine. Don’t do something that’ll get you in trouble. Please!’

Maddie sighed angrily, but her expression softened as her eyes met Agnes’s. ‘Fine. I won’t.’ She paused. ‘What kind of punishment?’

Agnes bit her lip, looking away. ‘Water torture,’ she muttered, quiet so the others wouldn’t hear. ‘Extreme edition. He made me drink water every ten minutes, then made me stand still in his office until . . . Until I had an accident in front of him. After, I got the belt.’ Her face was hot with shame, and she clenched the fist that wasn’t holding Maddie’s hand, trying to stop tears from welling forth again.

‘Oh, sweetie . . .’ Maddie squeezed her hand in both of hers. ‘I am so sorry. That’s awful.’

Agnes shook her head. ‘He’ll do it all again when I get out of here, and worse, probably, after what I just did. If I dwell on it . . .’

Maddie nodded. ‘I get it. We’ll talk about something else. Just . . . Don’t be scared, okay? For now, you’re here. It’s safe in here, a break from what lies beyond. And I’m here. As long as we’re in here, nothing all that bad can happen to us.’ She squeezed Agnes’s hand again. ‘Right?’

Agnes smiled. ‘Right.’

*082*2015-12-27 01:02
{{
The hate and disgust towards menstruation is so unenlightened and backwards. Do people actually expect you to apologize for so much as mentioning it?
}}

You'd be surprised at how squicked some people are by the very concept, as illustrated by reactions to the woman-knitting-from-her-vagina performance art piece a couple of years ago, or the chick who photographed her pubic hair growing back day by day and posted it on Tumblr, and didn't stop doing it while she was on her period. Wasn't really expecting it on a forum where we celebrate peeing our pants, but you never know... A lot of patriarchal religions treat women on their periods as unclean, however. I had a friend once whose catholic boyfriend refused to touch her when she was on hers. And as a rule, it's only ever mentioned in popular culture as a way of shaming folks of the female persuasion for mood-swings, or to ridicule it. Personally, I think the fact that women routinely wake up bleeding and in pain and act like it's nothing is pretty fucking badass. 
Edited December 27, 2015 by ThornWild (see edit history)

*086*2015-12-27 09:45
{{
*fistpump*YEA.
}}

Hear you roar! ;)

{{
Now this is a nice Christmas gift! Awsome chapter.
}}

Merry Christmas, friend! :)

{{
I wonder how much longer it will be until Maddie and Agnes will some how find a way to get away from the school for good?
}}

Without having an entirely solid plan, about 30k words, I'd imagine. :P

*088*2015-12-27 11:58
{{ 
Ah, good old Girls' school. I'm glad it's back.

It looks like she got some room to breathe for now, but the future's looking grim. But really, flithy? Steeped in sin? Just because of her period? Is there a limit to how stupid and thoughtless Portman's words can be? And she's even gonna be punished for that...
}}

I think it's safe to say that Portman's got some issues. :P

*092*2015-12-28 21:14
{{
New chapter!!!! Hell yeah - to use a highly accurate expression for this story!
}}

Haha! Glad you're excited. :)

{{ 
Dammit the new chapter just makes me want to read the next chapter that's not written yet!

Great job with this story thorn :)
}}

Thank you kindly! Glad you're enjoying it! :)

*097*2015-12-29 10:31
{{
Does the school allow the girls to keep in contact with their parents at all. Say by being able to give them a call from time to time, or once the holidays arrive able to go home for a visit?
}}

The girls are allowed no outside contact while they're at the school. The school administration (i.e. Portman and Ms. Corrine) give their parents occasional updates by phone or e-mail, but the girls themselves are completely cut off. There are no set school holidays, though parents can choose to bring their daughters home for Christmas if they like. Portman gives recommendations on whether he believes this to be wise, based on the progress made by the girl in question.

{{
Only that? I'm wondering how long until the devil himself takes over Agnes and we find a dead Portman sitting in his office
}}

Haha! You can write the fanfic. :P

{{
Another good chapter but I'm wondering if Agnes's and Maddie will ever escape
}}

You'll just have to wait and see, won't you? ;) Thank you!

