Medli's Delayed Need

Author: facade

*000*2012-12-23 17:54

This story doesn't exactly follow a specific part of the Zelda game, Wind Waker, but it falls right after Link leaves Dragon Roost Island for the first time after completing the 1st dungeon. Medli goes with Komali to get his wings in this story, and it's not seen in game. It's one of the reasons I didn't go into great detail at the end about it. Once again I have linked Zelda specific elements to zeldawiki.

%medliomo.pdf

A calm wave of ocean rolls over the shore of Dragon Roost island

, where a vast mountainous adobe is home to a race of bird like people known as the Rito.

At the very top of the mountain rests the Sky Spirit, Valoo

, a large red dragon that protects the Rito of Dragon Roost. He is also the one that grants the Ritos their ability to grow wings when they become of age. Among the Rito, only one has the ability to understand Valoo's language

(though not fully), A young female Rito named Medli, who appears to be about 13 years of age and has been Valoo's attendant since the passing of the previous one

.

The young brunette was sitting in front of her wooden mirror, brushing her long brown hair which was quite ruffled from having just getting out of bed minutes before. She was wearing a blue dress with the symbol of her race stitched on a red cloak that flowed over the front. Right above her mouth was a bright yellow beak with a concave slope to the tip. These beaks also served as the Rito's noses.

It was rather early for little Medli to be awake, but this day was special to her and she didn't want to waste any time. Medli had already grown her wings but her younger best friend, Komali was still a flightless Rito boy. She was to assist him in visiting Valoo so that he may obtain his wings from the great dragon, though she wasn't as confident as she should have been. Even if she was the only one on the island that could understand the ancient Hylian language that Valoo spoke, her knowledge was limited in that area.

As Medli was finishing up making herself look presentable, she heard a knock upon her door.

"Come in!" The Rito girl cheerfully said. The door opened and a tall, older male Rito entered, dressed in gray and red ceremonial robes with green sleeves. His aging gray hair flowed freely over his ears and two parts of it were braided in the front. A golden hair piece rested on his head that matched his more rounded beak.

"Medli, it is good that you are are awake. I need to have a word with you before you and my son set off this morning." The Chieftain of Dragon Roost said in a concerned voice.

As Medli was putting her hair into a long pony tail with two golden rings, she caught on to his somewhat disheartened voice and looked up to him.

"What is it...?" She said, matching his tone.

"As I was attempting to wake Komali up moments ago, he was unresponsive, he seemed melancholy about something. I know he is not the most confident boy of his age, but I sense something more is bothering him other than visiting Valoo today."

Medli looked down for a bit with a slightly sad frown, becoming worried about her friend.

"I was hoping you might be able to find out what would be troubling him." The Chieftain requested.

"Of course. I am worried about him, but I will do what I can to help him today." Medli replied happily as she hopped off her chair, her yellow bird-like feet plopping to the wooden floor below.

"Thank you, Medli, I have no doubt that you will be a great asset to the Prince today, you two have been very close for many years. Will you report back to me before you leave?" The Rito asked.

"I will, Chieftain. Don't worry." Medli smiled and cupped her hands to her chest

. At that, the Chieftain left Medli's room and headed back to his quarters, leaving Medli alone. She began wondering what could be wrong with Prince Komali and hoped she could cheer him up enough to let her escort him to the top of the mountain this morning. Her worried thoughts were momentarily paused as she felt a tiny pressure in her bladder, but she decided to put off that need for now. Her duties today and assisting Komali were her top priorities.

Medli quickly walked out of her room and down the hallway to her friend's room. Lightly, she knocked on his wooden door but after hearing no response, she slowly opened the door and peaked inside. Komali was laying on his bed, awake, but had a depressed look in his bright red eyes.

"Ko.. Komali...?" Medli softly said as she pushed her way inside, closing the door behind her. "What's wrong? Are you worried about meeting Valoo today?"

Komali didn't say anything, but he finally decided to turn over and face Medli, sitting up a bit. His body was shaking a little and he looked like he was about to tear up. Medli walked to the side of his bed, still unsure of what was bothering him and why he wasn't speaking. She knew that something other than meeting Valoo was the cause of his depressive mood today and tried her best to find out what that something was.

"Just tell me what's troubling you... you know you can talk to me about anything." Medli put her hand upon his shoulder and felt the shaking from his body. She smiled warmly at him, looking at him with her also bright red eyes.

"I..." Komali began to speak, in a broken up voice. He couldn't bring himself to tell Medli what had happened, so he slowly lifted up the covers off of his body to show her instead. Medli looked down at Komali where he was sitting to see a wet patch underneath him and on his cream color robes. She sighed a bit, knowing now what had happened.

"Oh... I see..." Medli was glad she knew what is was now, she could finally help him, but it reminded her of her own need that she put off once again.

"Well that's not so bad Komali... it was only an accident.. I'm sure it happens to everybody..." She assured him as she continued to comfort him.

"Why did this happen...?" Komali softly said under his broken up voice, desperately holding his tears back as he looked into Medli's eyes, confiding in them. Medli thought about it for a bit before she replied reassuringly.

"You're just nervous about today, that's all. You couldn't help it." Medli smiled at him. Komali started to calm down a bit from Medli's comforting words. She was always good at cheering people up.

"I.. I don't want my father to find out... I'm afraid he would be disappointed in me. I shouldn't be..." He looked down at his wet bed and crotch again before looking back to the duck billed girl. "...doing this when I supposed to be a grown up." A lone tear had managed to escape Komali's eye and it dripped down the side of his straight slopped beak.

Medli grabbed a tissue and handed it to Komali. He took it and wiped his watery eyes with it as Medli spoke to him.

"He doesn't need to know... but... I don't think any less of you because of it. I know how you feel." She looked down a bit, referring to when she had to go visit Valoo as well.

"You.. you do?" Komali perked up when he heard Medli say that and he looked at her inquisitively. Medli nodded.

"I.. also wet the bed the night before I went to see Valoo. I was so nervous." Medli blushed lightly before she met Komali's eyes again. She was embarrassed to say that but she wanted to make him feel better.

Komali started to feel much better and his shaking body came to a halt. "I had no idea..." Komali looked at her with a concerned look. "I'm so sorry."

"I-It's okay." She replied with a smile, becoming her natural cheery self again. "So you see, don't be so hard on yourself. You deserve to get your wings today! It's what you've been waiting for your whole life! Don't let one little accident stop you, okay...?" Medli wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tightly.

"Thanks Medli.. I feel much better now." A smile came to the boys face, along with a sigh of relief.

"You're welcome! Now go get yourself cleaned up so we can go... Chieftain wants me to report back to him, but I promise this will all be our little secret okay?" Medli said. Komali nodded in agreement, putting his trust into her and then went to get cleaned up.

Medli was alone once more, but she was glad Komali was okay now. She was again met with the building pressure in her lower abdomen, which was slightly stronger than before, but she could wait a while longer. Besides, Komali was in the bathroom, so she would have to wait anyways. She decided to go see the Chieftain while Komali was getting ready. She walked out of her friend's bed room and back down the hallway. When she arrived to the Chieftain's bedroom double doors, she knocked softly.

"Yes, who's there?" The Chieftain inquired in his deep voice from the other side of the door.

"It's me, Medli, you asked me to come see you." She replied back, awaiting permission to enter.

"Ah, Medli, please come in."

Medli opened the door and walked in to meet the Chieftain, who was sitting at his desk reading a book, titled Medli's Delayed Need by antifairy of omorashi.org. He marked his position in the book with a feather and closed it before placing it on the desk.

"Did you find out what was going on with my son?" He asked, concerned.

Medli nodded. She did not need to lie, but she didn't need to tell the Chieftain the entire truth.

"He's just nervous, is all. He wasn't confident in himself. But I was able to bring him to high spirits again." She confidently said, hoping that she wouldn't be probed for more information.

"I see... I could have sworn there would have been more to it, but I suppose this can be a very stressful time for a young child, as it was for you when it was your time..." The man said. Though he wasn't aware of what exactly happened to the poor girl back on that morning, Medli nodded and agreed.

"Well, thank you for bringing my son's spirits up, I now feel comfortable with you accompanying him to see Valoo. Now that Link has defeated the evil creature that caused so much distraught to our great protector

, it will be much easier for Komali to obtain his wings." The Chieftain said with confidence. "You had better get going then I suppose."

Medli smiled and bowed to the Chieftain. "Everything will be fine, Chieftain. Don't you worry."

"I know, Medli. I will see you two when you return."

Medli left the bedroom and sighed in relief after she shut the door behind her. Now she only had one thing on her mind, taking Komali to see Valoo; She had completely forgotten about her need to pee, though it had been growing this entire time. Making her way back to his bedroom, she noticed that he was already walking out and they exchanged smiles.

"Are you all ready now, Komali?" She excitedly said to the much better feeling Rito.

"Yeah, I am. Still kinda nervous... heh..." Komali smiled shyly but seemed to be very comfortable around Medli.

"Don't worry, you'll be fine! Now let's go!" She smiled with her eyes closed and grabbed his hand before leading him outside. Komali almost tripped from Medli's pull but regained his balance and willingly went with her.

"Okay, Okay, we're going!" He giggled.

Both Ritos left out the back door way of Dragon Roost and began making their way up the side of the mountain, which was a lot safer journey now that Ganon's evil creatures no longer inhabit the island. Medli, however, just remembered something important and she stopped in her tracks as she felt the growing pressure in her bladder. Her need was getting a little urgent but she was still able to manage for now. She contemplated going back inside to use the bathroom real quick, but decided against it as they were already outside and Medli didn't want to make Komali wait. He did notice that she stopped and was thinking about something, so he stopped with her.

"Medli...? What is it?" He inquired curiously, hoping something wasn't wrong.

Medli was a little shy about letting others know when she needed to "go", even a friend like Komali, so she kept that part to herself.

"Oh... umm, it's nothing... I was just admiring the nice weather today is all. Let's go!" She started leading him along the mountain path once more, trying her best to ignore her urge. Medli was sure she could hold it until they returned.

"Oh...okay then.." He replied, still confused as to why she stopped suddenly, but brushed it off as they continued their journey.

"We should be careful Komali, Link said the path may be broken in some spots. Watch your step, okay?" Medli warned him and he nodded as he grabbed a hold of her hand again, which made him feel more secure. Most of the path was still in good shape, though it was a little rocky but the Rito's feet were able to tolerate harsh terrains due to their bird like features.

Along the way, Medli tried to keep up conversation so she could keep her mind off of her filling bladder. Most of the time it was about Valoo and his wings.

"After I get my wings... will you teach me how to use them?" Komali looked to Medli, still unaware of her problem.

"Of course! We'll start as soon as we're done talking to Valoo!" She smiled and said happily. At this point, her bladder was making constant reminders that it was needing release soon and it was getting harder for Medli to manage her urge. I wish I peed before we left, I really need to go... At least we can both just fly back down when we're done, she thought to herself. It was taking longer to get to the top of the mountain than Medli remembered, though she could see Valoo from here.

“I think we're about halfway there... but... oh...” Medli stopped as her pee started pressing down hard on her urethra. She squeezed her legs together until her short spasm was over, her hand just as tightly squeezing Komali's hand. “...I'm not sure.” She finished. Komali looked to the pee filled girl, concerned.

“Medli... Are you sure you're okay? You look like you...” Komali started to realize what was troubling his poor friend. Medli's cheeks blushed a shade of pink as he took notice to her predicament.

“I guess I should have gone to the bathroom before we left.” Medli looked ashamed as she looked down and smiled sheepishly, her hand lightly grasping her privates through her dress.

“Oh... umm... well you can just go here.. right? I'll go around the corner, I won't look!” Komali started to walk away before Medli stopped him.

“No, I'm okay, I can wait. Besides I can't just go here...” Medli shifted her weight a little. “It's not so easy for girls...” She was still blushing brightly, especially now that Komali knew she had to pee pretty badly.

“Let's just go okay? I'll be fine...” At least I hope...

“Okay.. if you say so..” Komali reluctantly agreed, though he was still worried about her. The two Ritos continued on their way to see Valoo.

After a while, they were almost at the top, Valoo's sanctuary was just up the stairs around the corner now, however, Medli had become increasingly desperate to urinate since she stopped halfway earlier. Her bladder was aching now but she had managed to stay dry, though her hand was clasping her girlhood tightly. Komali had been noticing her get worse and worse, he was really starting to worry about his friend. He knew she was probably in pain. Especially when she stopped once again and let go of his hand.

“Medli?” Komali's hand felt cold when she let go, and he became scared as he put his finger nails to his mouth. His body started shaking again, just like it was earlier that morning.

“I'm... I'm fine...” Medli grabbed herself with both hands, her aching bladder was right near it's limit and she felt like she was going to lose it any second.

“No you aren't Medli... please just go here... I don't want you to have an accident.” Komali looked like he was going to tear up, as did Medli.

“No! I can hold it! We're almost there, look there's the stai-” Medli looked in horror as she looked where the stairs were leading to Valoo's place. They had collapsed and the pieces were floating in the water below. She was so shocked that she leaked urine into her panties and had to kneel down to stem the flow.

“The stairs are gone...” Komali stared at where they should have been before turning to Medli who was still doubled over, tightly clutching her burning girlhood.

“Medli... what are we going to do?”

Medli was determined to make it. She wasn't about to give up.

“Grab my waist, Komali.” She demanded, forcing the thought out of her head that she would probably wet herself from carrying him across the gap. Medli had to try.

“Wh... what? Are you sure? Medli I don't you can..” He was cut short off his sentence by the bursting Rito.

“Just do it!” She sternly demanded as she shut her teary eyes.

Komali then reluctantly grabbed onto Medli's waist as tightly as he could right above her bulging bladder. Wasting no time, Medli immediately spread her concealed wings and flew as hard as she could over the gap. As soon as she took off, she felt spurts of pee escape her opening and soak her underwear as it started to drip down her legs and probably onto Komali's robes. By the time she made it to the other side, she was peeing a constant stream, unable to stop the flow. When she landed, she fell to her knees grasping her flood gates, but it was no use. She was fully wetting herself right there.

“I.. can't hold it...” Medli sobbingly said as she began crying. Komali stood behind her, watching in horror as his mortified friend had a complete accident. The urine was pouring out of the back of her dress and puddling on the cement ground under her feet for a almost a full minute.

Komali was speechless, he wanted to help her but he didn't know how. He started to feel like the whole thing was his fault.

“Medli.. I'm sorry.. I caused this...” Komali walked closer to her and around the front of her body. Medli's eyes slowly opened when she heard that, though she couldn't believe it.

“Wh.. what? No you didn't...” She said in her broken up voice, tears running down her cheeks. Her eye's seemed to be having an accident of they're own.

“.. If I didn't wet the bed.. I wouldn't have taken so long in the bathroom... you could have gone sooner...” Komali didn't even notice the tiny wet spot on the bottom of his sleeve, instead he was looking down in shame.

“Komali...” Medli's shaking body slowly stood up and she looked down at the wetness on her dress where she was holding herself.

“I should have gone earlier this morning, I just kept putting it off and I forgot. I was just determined to help you today.” She looked into Komali's eyes with earnest. Her voice was still a little broken up, but she was normalizing.

“I can't tell you how much I appreciate that... you're a great friend Medli.” Komali looked to Medli with a smile.

“It makes me happy to be your friend!” Medli said happily. “But I failed myself... I'm so humiliated...” Her happiness went away as she examined her accident again.

“Medli it's okay.. you tried your best... you couldn't help it.” Komali put his arm around the embarrassed girl and hugged her. It was at this time that Medli noticed the tiny wet spot on his sleeve.

“I think... did I... pee on your sleeve?” Medli took his hand and turned it over so he could see. She looked into his eyes with worry.

“...looks like it... but don't worry I don't mind.” Komali said as he hugged her again. He didn't care that he was peed on, he was just happy that he had a friend like Medli. She smiled as she slowly hugged him back. Medli began to feel better about herself and realized how much better her bladder felt now she was empty. She sighed happily from the relief and comfort from Komali.

“Don't worry.. I won't tell anyone about it.” He said as he let go of his much relieved friend.

“Better not. Or I'll pee on you some more!” She playfully said. Komali giggled at her.

“Ha, come on, let's go see Valoo and get your wings!”

Both the two Rito's eyes had dried up and they skipped happily the rest of the way to see the great Sky Spirit. After the ritual was complete and Komali had his wings, they raced each other to the bottom of the mountain. Komali won.

