Summer with Snape - Page 8

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*175*2012-01-24 22:55

{{: 

This is an awesome story. I've enjoyed reading it so far and can't wait to see what happens next. (One reason I just signed up was to tell you how much I like this story!)

I hope your side feels better. If it's a muscle thing, they'll probably give you some muscle relaxers to try to help.

}}

Thank you so much and welcome to the site, everyone is really friendly here.

Idk...but I just want the pain gone..we'll see today when I go.

*177*2012-01-27 21:45

{{: 

Thank you! I'm excited to get to know everyone and have fun here!

I sure hope it goes away soon. I'm sending you mental "get well" vibes.

Also, I was thinking about writing some desperation/wetting stories for the Marauder era. I'm planning on writing some about Lupin and Snape in different desperation situations. I was wondering if you would be interested in/ok with me using the allusions to situations Snape suffered at the hand of his father as inspiration for a story or two, or was that going to be a later project of yours?

}}

That's a good idea, sound really interesting so I don't mind....my other story is gonna be a contiuation of to afraid to ask with Remus and Sirius..the first part is up here.

*180*2012-02-02 05:28

{{: 

Oh, I read that one! I look forward to reading more of it. :) I'm starting with a Lupin one instead of a Snape one, so that you can take a look and see what you think first. I'll be attempting to write several shorter stories. If there is a particular age you want Snape to be in that specific situation, just let me know. I'd be happy to follow your headcano on that one!

By the way, are you feeling better?

}}

Wow I cant wait to read it...and yea Im feeling alot better...still hurting a bit buts its managable now.

*182*2012-02-02 05:40

I know this took a while to get up here...but in my defence..I spent a long week in the hospital and my mom refused to bring me my laptop, apologies anyway.

Chapter 31

Severus only coaxed Harry to go to the great hall but he didn’t address what happened earlier, which left Harry in a panic. As they headed down the empty corridors he brought it to his Professor’s attention.

“Professor, what if it happens again?” Harry asked so softly he wasn’t even sure the man heard.

“What do you mean Harry?”

“I…I…earlier with Professor Lupin, what if that happens to me in class?” He asked worriedly, he was really frightened about how everyone was going to treat him, especially the Slytherins.

“It won’t happen Harry, your teachers would never deny you that right,” Severus said as he gently squeezed Harry’s shoulder.

“But Professor Lupin did what if he doesn’t let me go again, what if I wet myself in front of everyone?” Harry said finally stopping in the middle of the corridor as he eyes filled with tears.

“Harry, I can assure that Lupin didn’t mean for that to happen, he was probably just so caught up in his questions.”

Severus explained to the distraught child, he for one could not believe that he was defending the wolf’s action. But if he was being honest with himself he had made the boy wet himself twice if anyone was counting.

Harry shook his head, he asked and everything, what if the man or anyone really gets caught up again, and doesn’t let him go? He didn’t want to go to school anymore, this was humiliating. He just knew everyone was going to make fun of him.

Severus could see the child thinking about everything that could go wrong, which according to his expressions was a lot of scenarios. He needed to calm the boy down before he worked himself into a panic attack.

“Harry, child would you please calm down? I promise you that isn’t going to happen,” Severus said gently as he walked over and picked the distressed child up.

“How do you know?” Harry asked sniffling, with his face in Severus’s shoulder.

“Because you will ask for the loo, before it gets too bad,” He clarified, before thinking softly to himself. Not to mention I will warn your teachers myself about your ‘dance’ you do to let them know for you to go immediately.

“Calm down now Harry, you don’t want everyone to see that you’ve been crying have you?” Severus said as they neared the entrance to the great hall.

Harry shook his head in the man’s shoulder, as he calmed himself down. He wiped his face on the man’s robe before wiggling to get down. As he stood up he felt a twinge in his bladder, it was small but it was there nonetheless. Not wanting another situation like last time, he tugged on Severus’s sleeve.

“What it is Harry?” He asked as he was about ready to go in.

“Can we go to the loo first?” He asked gesturing across from them.

“Of course,” Severus replied before following Harry to the toilets.

When they came out they headed straight to the circle table in the middle of the hall. Harry kept his eyes low and was grateful that Snape chose to sit by the Headmaster and his Head of House. He waved to Hagrid, hoping he would get a chance to speak with him later. Harry sat down as Snape loaded his plate up with food, and ignored the gaze from Professor Lupin. He was just so embarrassed, how was he ever going to face him?

While Harry was trying to avoid Remus’s gaze, Severus was trying to catch it but the man refused to look at him, enough was enough.

“Lupin after dinner, it’s urgent that I speak with you discerning your potion,” Severus stated pointedly. He was after all a Slytherin and he could play dirty if he needed too.

No one batted an eye they all knew what potion Severus was talking about, everyone except Harry who had the sense to stay quiet. Although his thoughts were far from it, why was Snape making a potion for Professor Lupin was he sick? Throughout the dinner, he found himself occasionally glancing at the man across the table at him to try to see if he was well, he wasn’t that successful. Because every time he caught the man’s eyes, he found himself blushing in humiliation.

Soon dinner was over, and Severus gave him the ok to go with Hagrid for about a half hour while he talked with Professor Lupin about his potion. Harry didn’t question although he really wanted to, he just skipped next to Hagrid and followed him to his hut.

With Harry sufficiently out of the way Severus glared as he followed the wolf to his office. Coming in behind him, he set up a few privacy charms they didn’t need to be overheard at all. He seated himself on one of the chairs opposite the man’s desk and just stared at him with his dark gaze like he did with his students. Within a few moments the wolf was shifting uncomfortably.

“Severus just let me explain what happened,” Remus said swallowing softly. He knew that even with the wolf on his side, Severus Snape was a dangerous man that you didn’t want to cross.

“Then I suggest you do so,” Severus said calmly waving his hand for the man to continue.

“I didn’t realize he had to go, he never told me. I only thought he was trying to go back to his quarters, and I was curious about the incident that happened last night at dinner.” Remus said cautiously.

“And did you get the information you wanted?”

“A bit, but you have to understand that if Harry would have said something, I would have let him go, he could have even used the loo behind me.”

Severus sighed, the wolf did have a point, and Harry didn’t like to let you in that he had to go until it was almost too late. He knew from personal experience what that was like, but how did the man not see Harry little dance that he does?

“He doesn’t like you tell you when he has to use the loo, bad parenting on his relative’s part I assure you. You have to look at his body language; surely you know what I mean wolf?”

“I do Severus I just was so caught up in my questions, I never meant for that to happen to Harry.” Remus said regretfully.

“I do understand Lupin; you just have to explain that to Harry. He’s very afraid that you will do that to him when class starts, and understandably he’s a bit panicked.”

“I would never treat Harry like that,” Remus replied just horrified at the thought.

“Lupin shut up, I didn’t say you would. I only said that is what Harry thinks,” Severus said quietly. He quickly thought to himself, should he inform the man of Harry’s past abuse, would that be relevant? Would Harry want him to know?

“Why would Harry think that Severus?” Remus asked narrowing his eyes.

“Because he thinks he deserves every bad thing that happens to him. Every hit or bruise he ever received that child believes that he isn’t worth it.”

“What are you talking about, are you trying to tell me that Harry was abused?” Remus asked angrily as his eyes flared amber.

Severus had to force himself to stay seated when he saw Lupin’s eyes changed; he was reminded once again how dangerous the man across him could be when he wanted too.

“Calm down Lupin or I won’t tell you a thing,” he said quietly knowing the man could hear.

“Sorry Severus, I am calm now,” Remus replied, grimacing from his outburst.

“The reason I have guardianship of Harry is because I discovered his abuse about a month ago. I found out by mistake, he was having a nightmare, and I thinking I could help him gently legimised him and saw it. He’s very timid, and they didn’t just abuse him they treated him like a house elf. They didn’t even allow him to use the toilet when he needed too.” Severus said softly, he still couldn’t understand how they could treat Harry that way.

“They did that to Harry, my cub?” Remus said softly to himself, this would definitely explain the boy’s behavior.

“Yes they did, and more.”

“I hope they will be punished.”

“Albus is taking care of it personally,” Severus said smirking.

“Good,” Remus replied, he knew how the Headmaster could be.

Severus nodded before getting up out of his chair, and heading for the door. He had just dispelled the charms when Lupin called him back.

“Severus do you think that I can speak with Harry tomorrow. Do you think that he would forgive me?” Remus asked trying not to think about the possibilities if he didn’t.

“Trust me when I say I know for a fact that Harry will forgive you.” Severus said before grimacing, he knew how emotional Gryffindors could be and he needed to clarify it. “I myself did something to him similar at the start of the summer, and you see that he has forgiven me, don’t you?”

Remus nodded wishing the man would elaborate but knowing Severus he knew that was all he was getting from the man.

“I will send Harry to you in the morning; I would advise that you pay close attentions to his signals wolf.” Severus said pointedly before walking out and heading to Hagrid’s hut to pick up Harry.

*190*2012-02-11 06:58

I procrastinated, then realized I wasnt being fair so here it is. I apologize for Hagrid's dialec...it was hard to do lol. I hope you like it I will update soonish lol

Chapter 32

Harry was enjoying his tea with Hagrid; he’d missed talking to the half-giant. At the moment though he was hoping that Hagrid would explain what they were talking about at dinner. He knew first-hand how loose Hagrid’s lips were, after all he was the reason they knew how to get pass Fluffy in their first year.

“Hagrid what did Professor Snape mean when he said he needed to talk to Professor Lupin about his potion? Is he sick?” He asked curiously.

Hagrid looked startled at the question, not at all sure how he was supposed to answer that. He busied himself with his tea items as he tried to answer Harry’s question.

“Well ‘arry P’fessor Lupin, ‘es a bit sick, but he’s been like this ever since he was a lad.” Hagrid said carefully.

“What do you mean? You mean he has a muggle illness, like cancer?” Harry asked even more confused.

“Uh, ‘arry I don’t know what that is,” Hagrid said shrugging his massive shoulders.

Harry shook his head, this conversation was leading him nowhere but more confused.

“Why does he have to take a potion?” Harry asked finally.

“Because he needs it to control himself during the full moon,” Hagrid said fixing his tea.

“The full moon, what does that have to do with anything?” Harry asked raising an eyebrow in question.

“Ahh, I shouldn’t said that, and you shouldn’t be asking me questions about that,” Hagrid said looking a bit worried now.

Harry had the sense to stay quiet knowing that Hagrid had let something important slip; he just needed to think on it a little bit more to figure it out.

“Hagrid how old is Fang?” Harry asked wanting the gentle giant to forget about what they were talking about, it wouldn’t do for someone to think that Harry was up to no good.

He like any kid just hated being left into the dark. He listened half-heartedly while Hagrid explained Fang’s age, until the half giant startled him with his own question.

“So how is Severus treating you?” He asked taking a bite of his rock cake.

“Really good, he likes me now,” Harry said face breaking out into a huge grin.

“I know that ‘arry, he liked you before too, he just couldn’t show it.” Hagrid said knowingly.

Harry nodded that he understood, and he did for the most part. As Snape had told him just a few weeks ago, it was a complicated situation but that doesn’t change how he feels about Harry. Harry grabbed his cup and gulped his much too sweet tea; this was a change from Snape’s tea. While he let Harry have sugary stuff when they went out, he was a stickler for being healthy when they were in their own home, and Harry relished in the sugary goodness.

Severus knocked on the door to Hagrid’s hut and was rewarded with a arm load of a hyperactive child. He sighed, but he knew he’d known better, Hagrid was notorious for his sweet tea as was his rock cakes.

“Thank you for watching him Hagrid,” Severus said.

“Anytime Sev’rus,” he replied before waving goodbye to Harry.

As they headed back to their quarters Harry latched on to Snape’s hand, it was habit now, and he quite liked the feeling of being safe. It was knew to him but he

Welcomed it all the same.

“Harry tomorrow, you are gonna have tea with Professor Lupin again,” Severus said quietly.

“What?” Harry asked he couldn’t have heard correctly.

“Just what I said child,” He answered gently.

“But you know what happened, I don’t wanna see him,” Harry said already shaking his head in the negative.

“I understand Harry, and he feels terrible. Don’t you think he deserves a chance to apologize?”

Harry wanted to be stubborn and say no but he didn’t know how patient nor charitable Snape was feeling at the moment and he really didn’t wanna test him.

“Fine,” he replied sighing heavily, it wasn’t like he actually had a choice.

“Good boy, what did you and Hagrid talk about?” Severus asked opening the door to their rooms.

“Nothing, just you and fang,” Harry said carefully.

Severus nodded before starting to head to his potions lab, before stopping and realizing that Harry was still standing in the middle of the room.

“Why don’t you go get a shower, and get ready for bed?” He said.

“It’s only 8:00, you said my bedtime was 9:30,” Harry stated loudly, getting a bit angry

“It is, which is why I said go get ready, not go to sleep child,” Severus said calmly before chuckling softly.

“Oh,” Harry said blushing, and feeling a bit stupid at his outburst.

“Yes oh, I’ll be in my lab is you need me,” he said going through the door.

Harry quickly showered and got dressed for bed before heading into the sitting room. He grabbed a book from the shelf still a bit unsure what he was supposed to go, he was planning on reading it but he couldn’t get the words from dinner out of his head. What did Hagrid mean about the full moon? Was he trying to say that Professor Lupin was a werewolf or something? Harry shook his head, those were just stories, and everyone knew that werewolves, vampires, and mermaids didn’t exist right?

He sighed, he thought the same thing about witches and wizards, if he existed then maybe those supernatural creatures do too. He shrugged his shoulders; there was only one thing to do, ask. He shook his head, what if they didn’t and Snape looked at him like he was crazy, he could just imagine the embarrassment, but he was genuinely curious now.

When Snape finally came into the sitting room, Harry was pacing the room trying to work through his thoughts. He wished again that Hermione was here, if Professor Lupin was a werewolf or something then why the heck did he have to take a potion?

“Are Vampires and Werewolves and Mermaids real?” Harry asked stopping his pacing as he waited for an answer.

“Yes they do Harry, they are also supernatural beings like us,” Severus answered carefully, wondering where this conversation was going.

“Is Professor Lupin a Werewolf?” Harry asked bluntly, not knowing how to ease into the question.

*195*2012-02-12 08:11

{{: 

Thank you again for your story ! I liked this chapter, even if it what was too short... I'm really addicted !

}}

Thanks I'm glad you like it...apparently this story has a whole herd of addicts now lol

{{: 

Awesome chapter! oh my god,this story has actually made me like harry potter more cuz its so good! :wub: lol

}}

:) Aww thanks so much,

{{: 

I've been following this as much as I possibly can with all the other things going on in my life. It's just so good. I can't wait until the next chapter. It's getting really interesting (not that it wasn't before... it's just more so now XD)

}}

B) Thanks alot, and I'm really glad you like it.

{{: 

Dun dun dun! Pumped for the next one (:

}}

Yea that was a bit of a cliffy lol

{{: 

Love this story!

}}

I'm glad you do

{{: 

Cool !

}}

Thanks glad you like it

{{: 

Great to have you back at writing on this one again! It was worth the wait. Can't wait for the next chapter!

}}

Thanks for commenting, and thanks alot

*197*2012-02-15 02:59

I updated as you can see, you know that saying dont bite off more then you can chew? Well I did that, so apologies for the less then fast updates.

Chapter 33

“Why would you think that?” Severus asked calmly, more calm then what he felt. How in the heck did Harry find out? And if he didn’t know, then what in the world brought this question up?

“I don’t know, I was just asking. Why are you making him a potion?” Harry asked, he didn’t wanna let on that Hagrid let on about the full moon.

“Harry look at me,” Severus said softly, as he made eye contact with the child.

He quickly skimmed his surface thoughts to find that Hagrid of course let something slip and he quickly backed out of Harry’s mind so he wouldn’t hurt him. And this is why he was reluctant to share anything with the half-giant. He was friendly as they come, but he had a big mouth and often let secrets slip. As much as he hated the wolf, he understood why Dumbledore hired him. He was a decent enough teacher, not to mention he would also be a protector of Harry if Sirius Black ever decided to come to the school. Just the thought of the man made his lips curl into a snarl and he had to visibly straighten himself as he remembered whose presence he was in.

“Because he needs it, it will make him better,” Severus said carefully as he finally answered Harry’s question.

“What’s wrong with him?” Harry asked getting concerned.

“It’s not my place to tell, maybe one day he’ll let you know,” Severus replied vaguely.

“Ok,” Harry said kind of confused; he hated it when adults kept secrets from him. He didn’t catch that Severus never actually answered the question.

Severus sighed the crisis was averted but he knew that Harry would remember eventually and he had better warn the wolf at the very least, Dumbledore as well.

“Did you put your other underwear on?” Severus asked gently.

“Yup, wanna see?” Harry asked pulling up his shirt to expose the blue goodnight.

“A simple yes would have sufficed, but good job nonetheless,” Severus said grinning lightly.

“How long are we gonna stay here again?” Harry asked as he got tucked into bed an hour and a half later.

“Well it was supposed to be 3 days but Poppy is really behind on her potions stock, not to mention I still need to write my lessons plans. I guess we’re really gonna stay a week or so,” Severus said gently.

“But…our trip, you…you said,” Harry trailed off before scooting down under the covers he knew better then to argue. As the tears welled in his eyes he tried to tell himself that it didn’t matter. They had already taken a lot of trips to many different places and he was being selfish now. He pulled the covers up to his chin before facing the opposite direction of Snape; he didn’t want the man to see how selfish his new kid was.

Severus sighed softly as he carded his hand through Harry’s hair. He knew without a doubt that the child probably thought their excursion was canceled but he wasn’t cruel, well not that cruel and certainty never to Harry; well at least not anymore.

“Foolish child, our trip is still on, so no need to get upset. I promise Harry, we will finish our trip,” he said softly.

Harry nodded his head that he heard before sniffling softly, rubbing his face against his blankets.

“Go to sleep, if you need me, call me,” he said reached over to kiss Harry’s forehead before turning off the light and closing his door to about a crack. In his haste to get some work done he forgot to leave the bathroom light on knowing that Harry sometimes got up to go, before heading to his study to work on some lessons plans. The Dungeons tended to be a lot darker at night then the Manor and he knew that Harry’s eye sight was not the best. Severus stopped in the middle of the hallway as he realized he had neglected do something for Harry, like get his eyes checked. He nodded his head he would take care of this tomorrow after lunch.

Harry woke up in the middle of the night desperate for the loo, he smiled as he realized his underwear was dry for once but the downside was his stomach was much too full. Putting on his socks, he opened his door and doubled backed as he realized just how incredibly dark it was. He shivered once, whether it was from the cold, or fear, or having to pee he didn’t know. He bounced lightly trying to convince himself there was nothing to be afraid of but he couldn’t make himself go out there.

Sighing softly he laid back down on his side attempting to fall back asleep but the pressure in his stomach wouldn’t let him. Tired of squirming around he got up again, and opened the door and whimpered, Merlin he had to go bad. He could feel it trying to leak out and whined in protest. He contemplated just letting go now, but instantly abandoned that idea. It was one thing to wet the underwear unintentional, it was a whole different thing to do it on purpose.

Harry moaned as tears pricked his eyes, where was Snape when he needed him? He could have pinched himself, Snape said to call him if he needed him, didn’t this qualify as that. He could care less as he bent at the waist tightly gripping his crotch, and bouncing up and down to hold it in.

“Snape, Dad, Professor,” he yelled loudly and tearfully, hoping the man heard him. He was rewarded with a door opening and feet coming towards his bedroom door.

“Is there a reason you called every single one of my titles,” Severus said smiling slightly as he opened the door, having not caught sight of the child just yet

“You said I could call you if I needed help,” Harry mumbled gripping himself tight.

“What did you need Harry?” Severus asked opening the door wider as he entered; blinking sleepily as he looked at the boy on the bed.

“I gotta go pee bad,” Harry whimpered as a few tears fell from his face.

“So why haven’t you gone? You know where the toilet is.” Severus said confused.

“It was too dark, I couldn’t see anything,” Harry groaned before doubling over.

“I meant to leave the light on, can you walk?” Severus asked softly already heading for him.

“No, help please,” he said sniffling.

“Alright, just calm down, I’m gonna pick you up,” He said gently lifting the boy up trying not to jostle him in anyway.

“Hurry dad, hurry up please,” Harry cried as he lost some into his underwear.

Severus didn’t say anything as he quickly walked to the loo; he turned on the light and lifted the seat up before setting Harry down in front of it. Since Harry hadn’t said anything, he assumed the boy could handle it from here and he started walking out of the toilet to give him privacy.

“Wait,” Harry whined as the wave of desperation hit him full force. “I still need help,” he said still jumping from foot to foot.

“My apologies child,” Severus replied feeling the effects of lack of sleep before swiftly pulling down his pants.

“Thanks,” Harry replied gratefully turning towards the toilet and finally releasing. He groaned in relief and held one hand onto the counter to steady his self.

“You’re welcome,” Severus replied already in the doorway.

When Harry finished he rubbed his stomach tenderly not liking the little ache that he was feeling, he hoped it would go away by morning. He reached to turn off the light only to have Snape tell him to leave it on; he shrugged before heading back to his room. He smiled softly as he got tucked in again before drifting off back to sleep.

