Bullying and humiliation in the locker room

Author: SadisticSwitch

*000*2024-07-22 17:59

Bullying and humiliation in the locker room - if you don`t do what they say, you may go home in peed pants

Preamble: This story is completely fiction, as are the people and photos within. I used civitai and paid money to generate enough to get a few good ones that I will bring out in batches of short stories. Feel free to collab!

###

In this particularly university, there is a rule: if you have no bruises and no blood, then there's no problem. This has made the locker room a somewhat emotionally dangerous place to be around, but everyone takes it in stride. After all, surely worse things have happened in the bathroom.

Women form dynamic gangs, and take out their exam and publication stress on those who let it happen. If you are not willing to make the risk of physical violence be part of the equation, then there will likely be at least one girl who will test your limits.

In our first short story will center around Rebecca, who converted to Islam a month ago and decided she is an expert on everything Islam. A few of the Arab students headed by the Egyptian woman you see in the corner, Farah, decided to tie her up and step by step humiliate her for every question she got wrong about cultural or philosophical implications of her newfound faith. After she wet her pants, Farah decided to up the anti by pulling her top up and removing her bra. Needless to say Rebecca was not amused, which is when this picture was taken.

Our second short story concerns a competition between two woman. The woman in the blue jeans, Jessica, challenged Tiffany to a 1 mile run to see who could get there faster. Seeing that Jessica was wearing jeans, Tiffany thought this was no issue, and immediately agreed to the terms of peeing her pants right before a picture. Needless to say, Jessica was faster, and now this is Jessica's new contact photo for Tiffany. It's become a game for Jessica to try to get Tiffany to call her while they are both at a party, but Tiffany mostly avoids this by using SMS.

In this third short story, Laura (brown haired) was caught making highly offensive remarks and lies about Jasmin here (arab with glasses). A few of Jasmin's friends helped tie Laura up and make her drink tea until she started to leak in her pants. They pull up her top, and she is both shocked and embarassed that she is both exposed and peeing herself all at once. Jasmin says "awww, you said I was dirty, but my pants have no stains and piss in them, I just checked.... but yours?"

Laura: "Well, it isn't my fault, you.."

*Picture*

Jasmin interrupted her, "Saying things I did got you into this position. Regarding whose fault it is: whose piss is that in your pants?"

Laura "Mine... but"

Jasmin "No buts, it is yours, and I will keep this picture to help remind you not to speak so unjustly of me again"

The fourth short story involves a cheerleader, Becca, who thought it would be funny to call Brittany the n-word. Brittany and the other girls then thought it would be funny to tie her up when she asked to go the bathroom, and no matter how much she said "Haha, this is funny, I am sorry, you can let me go" they waited until after this picture to untie her. Brittany now calls her Pissa.

This fifth story revolves around Julia, who wouldn't move out of the way of Jara and Cat. When Julia mentioned she needed to go to the bathroom, Jara immediately tied her hand to Julia's and said "No, we aren't going anywhere. But I think YOU will be going in your pants."

The women take her deeper into the locker room to find their friend Samantha, who is busy taking a shower. When she sees the desperate Julia, she immediately dries off and gets dressed, taking her phone in her hand. Julia is starting to pee herself already, and it is dripping down her leg. Jara and Cat begin to laugh, and push her in front of them, mentioning for Sam to take a picture. Which she does, memorializing a fun moment for all, at least if you ask Jara, Sam, and Cat.

In this short story, Jane got caught talking shit about Jessy, one of the most popular cheerleaders. Jessy knew that Jane drinks a lot of water during her runs, and so when she got a SMS that Jane was a on a run, she immediately went with her friend Layla to the locker room to wait. When Jane came in, they could both tell she was desperate.

"Hey Jane, your pants still dry?" said Jessy

Jane :" Haha, I need to use the bathroom, we can talk after"

Jessy "No need, of either the bathroom or talking after. Come here"

Jane goes obediantly with her in the corner, where Jessy makes her drink even more. After a few minutes then of patient waiting, Layla notices a small stain forming in Jane's sweatpants: "OMG, Jane is peeing herself"

Jessy starts laughing, grabs her, and says "Take a picture, well, wait until she's peed a little more first" and they both laugh, then take the picture, as can be seen here.

In our next short story, the highly emotional Anna flipped out at some other girls during weightlifting. One of the girls she insulted, Dana, put a diuretic in Anna's water bottle, and sent a few her friends (Karen and Betty) to wait at the entrance to the bathroom/locker room area. As Anna came running in, the girls grabbed her and brought her to Dana in the locker room.

Anna began to plead, "Please just untie me, look I didn't mean it, I am wearing white pants and already starting to leak. Come on"

To which Dana answered "Ok, ok, I will free your breasts for a better picture"

Anna: "No," starting to cry, "come on, I am peeing in my pants, let me out"

Dana, "You are right! you are peeing in your pants, photo time!"

,

In our next short story, Drew was a provisory member of the cheer squad, provided she lose the weight to be able to fit in the pyramid. As everyone noticed, Drew actually gained weight, and when confronted only made excuses. The cheer squad then tied her up, pulled her top up, and told her "Well, we will watch you lose a little water weight then" and gave her a bottle of water with a diuretic in it. They then sat back and laughed as Drew stumbled around, tied up, tits out, in the locker room, as everyone else simply laughed and made fun of her. Eventually, the diuretic did its work and Drew started pissing into her pants, luckily the cheer squad was there to record the moment. They warned her that if she didn't now really dedicate herself to the squad, they would pin up the picture on their bulletin board with the title "Losers who don't keep their word: not welcome"

In our second to last short story of this portion we come to Sarah (purple hair), and Maureen (brown hair). Maureen really wants to be friends with Sarah, but Sarah thinks Maureen is a little bit dumb. When Maureen asked what she could do to get to hang out with Sarah, Sarah said "pee your pants until you get a little wet spot, I want you to keep the spot this size, understood", and Maureen agreed. After half the day had gone by, Sarah inspected to find a very visible bur dry stain.

She confronted Maureen, "Maureen, this stain is dry, what are you going to do about this"

Maureen asked, "I am sorry, I forgot to drink, what can I do to make for it?"

Sarah smiled and answered, "come on, let's let my friend Jackie take a picture of us in the locker room then"

In our last short story, Fernanda wrote on Twitter that "White girls are the hottest, especially in white clothes, and white breasts are a 100 times better than black boobs". When a few of the black girls on campus heard about this, Chantal and Keisha decided they would have to make a post to set the story right. They waited, diuretic ready, until a day where Fernanda wore an all-white suit. They intercepted her on her way to the bathroom, and directed her to the locker room. Here, they removed her top and bra, letting her put her white jacket back on. After this, they told Fernanda to drink the diuretic, which she did without asking any questions.

Fernanda began to ask questions as she started to need to desperately need to pee, like, "Hey look, I know it was stupid what I wrote, but it wasn't serious ok? Please let me go to he bathroom"

Keisha "no," and started to laugh

Fernanda "Please, I am starting to pee my pants, oh my god"

Keisha, "then pee them. Omg you are doing it! Come on girl, picture time!"

