Pee Dance

Author: fullbladder

*000*2014-12-14 04:23

Hey everyone, it's been a while. I decided to write a story for those who didn't enjoy the last one with the dominant female character. This one's main character is submissive and, in many ways, unsure of herself. I quite enjoyed writing this one so I hope you all like it. :)

Rosie nervously recited the dance moves in her head as the University of Syracuse cheerleading team took a well-deserved break. She could feel the spiteful glances from her teammates as she sipped from her water bottle. She felt embarrassed, having made mistakes frequently through the Saturday morning practice. This had led to Brenda, the girls' coach, keeping the entire team on the field for an extra hour and counting. Instead of getting to their weekend plans, the girls were getting tired of going through the same boring routine they had mastered last year.

Rosie was the only rookie on the squad. She had been the leader of her high school cheerleading team and had been accepted into Syracuse with a full scholarship. A beautiful curvaceous figure maintained in model shape by a strict diet and exercise routine, she turned heads at every party she went to. Her black father and white mother had raised her in a strict environment, forbidding her to date boys while she resided under their roof. Now she finally felt free to explore some options, but the demands of the University dance team along with the academic burden were much more rigorous than what she was accustomed to.

She was nearly in tears from the embarrassment and frustration as Brenda blasted her whistle and the team scrambled to line up again. Rosie tried not to pay attention to the eyes watching from the stands as she nervously went through her steps. A lot of boys, including many of the football players, liked to come to the practices to scout the talent before the season started. It was only the second practice, but she was already getting an increasing number of cat calls directed at her. This only sufficed in making her teammates more upset with her.

Twenty minutes later, Brenda finally dismissed the girls but instructed Rosie to stay behind. She watched the group make its way to the parking lot with no real reason to visit the changing rooms. The girls were forbidden from bringing a change of clothes to practice, as Brenda felt it showed school spirit to leave in uniform.

Rosie nervously waited for her coach to address her. Brenda was quite the authority figure, a former cheerleading team captain at Syracuse. Her team had placed runner-up in the nationals back in 2004. She was not as fit as she used to be but was still quite the blonde, blue-eyed beauty with curves in all the right places. "Rosie, I'm really questioning your dedication to this team. In my five years here, I have seen many young girls squander golden opportunities and waste the team's time. I am seriously considering kicking you off the team."

Rosie stared at her in disbelief, unable to imagine what her parents would do to her if she lost her scholarship a month into first year.

"Well?"

Rosie finally spoke up. "Please Brenda, I am committed to doing well- I really am! I just need some time and I promise I'll be better!"

Brenda chewed her lip. "I want you to come in an hour early next Saturday. I have an exercise that will improve your concentration levels and also test your will to be on the team. Until then, I expect you to practice on your own to avoid any more days like this one."

Almost in tears again from gratitude, Rosie thanked her coach and drove home with the intention of going through her dance routine for the rest of the day.

The week seemed to fly by and Saturday morning arrived much too soon for Rosie's liking. It seemed like this was judgement day and she was completely unprepared for it. She lived in one of the University's residences so it was a short commute to practice on foot. She walked into Brenda's office five minutes early dressed perfectly in her cheerleader dress with grey tights and found her coach already waiting. There was a large jug of water along with a tall glass beside it on the desk. Wordlessly, Brenda gestured for Rosie to help herself to it.

"I'm ok, I just had some orange juice for breakfast."

"I wasn't asking, Rosie." Brenda gestured towards the water again.

With a puzzled shrug, Rosie poured herself a glass of water and took a sip. She waited for Brenda to speak again but only got a gesture to drink quickly. Getting impatient, Rosie gulped down the entire glass and set it down on the table. Once again, she looked expectantly at her coach.

"Again."

Confused, Rosie repeated the exercise only to be asked to fill the glass again. After half a dozen drinks, the jug was finally empty. She felt bloated and slightly dizzy.

Brenda finally spoke a full sentence for the first time. "Ok let's go outside and practice a few moves until the girls come. It'll give your tummy some time to... settle down."

Rosie felt the ocean of liquid sloshing inside her as they turned to make their way out of the office. She already felt a slight need to pee. Perhaps it wouldn't be a bad idea to pee now before practice started with so much water inside her. "Can I quickly use the washroom?" she asked.

"No, follow me." Brenda replied forcefully and abruptly. She led Rosie outside to the football field and started the stretching routine.

Fifteen minutes later, they had gone through the dance routine step by step slowly, refining Rosie's weaker points. It was a difficult process with so much water inside her stomach. Rosie felt sluggish and on the verge of throwing up several times but somehow held on. Members of the cheerleading team had started to filter in along with boys in the stands. Brenda finally decided Rosie had gone through enough.

"Take a break until practice starts with the group in two minutes. Don't wander off though- you're cut if you aren't present when the whistle blows."

Grateful for the brief break, Rosie sat down on the players' bench with her teammates. They looked at her curiously, but she just ignored their glances and focussed on the dance moves in her head. She wondered if she would ever have friends on the team. It had been a tough social adjustment for her- she had been so popular in high school.

On the bright side, her tummy wasn't as bloated anymore so it was getting easier to move without feeling queasy. However, she could feel a growing need to pee. She could really use a washroom break now before an hour of practice. However, there was absolutely no way to make it to the toilet and back in just two minutes. Perhaps she would get a chance to relieve herself in a longer break later on.

As promised, practice started at 9:00 sharp with a quick blast of Brenda's whistle. The extra practice throughout the week had really helped and Rosie was precise with all her steps. She noticed that Brenda had half an eye on her at all times and seemed pleased at her performance. A few of the girls even shouted a few words of encouragement to her. Brenda was so pleased with the team's synchronization that she decided to begin preparation for a second routine after a couple of runs; the team seemed ready for the first preseason game of the season next week.

Rosie was starting to feel a nagging discomfort as a result of her bladder's fullness. All the water was quickly making its way through her system and into her bladder. It was getting increasingly difficult to focus on the new dance routine. She hoped for a break soon so she could run to the ladies room for a quick pee. There was still over half an hour to go and there was no way she was going to be able to hold it in until the end. The dancing was really doing a number on her bladder and she was worried all the moving around would cause a wet spot on her tights.

Brenda finally blew a long whistle to signal a break. "Take two, girls! We take the new routine from the top with Ash leading after the break!"

Rosie panicked- only two minutes again! Oh well, she would just have to hurry- there was no way she was risking wetting herself in front of her team and all the boys in the stands! Maybe she could even squat behind the dumpster around the back of the gym if no one was around and still make it back in time for the next whistle. She started running towards the gym but was halted by a loud whistle.

"Ms. Griffen! Where do you think you're going?"

Rosie blushed- she would have to announce her need to the entire team! "Just need to visit the ladies room real quick- I'll be right back!"

"No! Get back here right now! No one is allowed to leave the field in the middle of practice!"

Rosie walked back in visible concern. No washroom break until practice ended! She would have to risk peeing herself in front of everyone just to keep her spot on the team and her scholarship! This was so unfair! Making her drink all that water and then not letting her go pee was just pure torture! How could a coach ever do that to her squad member? It had to be illegal.

Somehow Rosie held her tongue despite her rage. She wondered how she would explain this story to her parents or even any authority figure. It was just too crazy to be true. She had no proof that Brenda had made her drink all that water. Her only choice was to try and hold in her pee until the end of practice or quit the team along with her studies.

The practice restarted and Rosie's desperation seemed to multiply over the next ten minutes. Her steps were off target and it was obvious to everyone that she severely needed to pee. She could no longer stand still during pauses in the dance routine and crossed her legs or bounced up and down. By the next break, she had her hands folded in front of her crotch trying to discreetly exert pressure on her womanhood. She wanted to beg her coach one more time to just excuse her for two minutes, but knew it was a lost cause. Her need to pee was so intense and overbearing that the practice really a waste of time. She was missing all the steps and just concentrating on containing her piss inside her body. At least no one was accusing her of being careless this time! Her teammates and coach could clearly see she was in the verge of urinating in her cheerleader outfit so they understood why she was so off. She felt another wave of helpless frustration at Brenda.

Rosie almost started peeing as Brenda's whistle restarted practice for the final time. She quickly grabbed her crotch as she started the dance motions. There were less than fifteen minutes to go! If only she could hold on SOMEHOW. It seemed like an almost impossible task in her state. Peeing her pants seemed like an imminent event with the burden being placed on her body- an excruciatingly full bladder and complex dance moves which challenged her flexibility and balance. Sooner or later she would pee. It really was a battle against the clock now.

"Just piss your pants already, cutie! You will feel so much better if you just let go!" yelled a guy from the crowd.

Rosie burned red with humiliation as laughter surrounded her. She saw Brenda hide a smirk by biting her lip. That evil bitch! She was really enjoying watching her struggle! She could sense everyone watching her to see if she would make it to the end of practice. People were even snapping pictures with their smart-phones!

"Don't worry, babe! I'd still do you even if you pee yourself!" Another yell from the crowd followed by laughter.

She was almost in tears now. Why wouldn't her coach just let her go use the toilet? What kind of sick game was this? Was she getting some kind of sick pleasure from making her disgrace herself in front of so many people? How could she possibly survive at the University or Syracuse if she peed her tights and the photos were shared all over the internet?

Brenda continued to lead the team through the dance sequence to a march-in-your-spot move. It was too much for Rosie. She squirted in her panties and abruptly stopped dancing to shove both hands in her crotch, valiantly fighting the natural instinct to void the excess waters from her strained teenaged body. She just managed to prevent her bladder from releasing its entire flood into her tights. She was so close to wetting herself- too close.

For the first time that day, Brenda yelled at her for her incorrect technique. "Stand up straight, Rosie and stick with the team- keep dancing!"

Rosie forced herself upright and tried to follow Brenda's lead half-heartedly. She tried to match the team's moves satisfactorily enough to avoid yelling from her coach but her main focus was trying to keep her tights dry. There were only about ten minutes left in practice but it was an eternity in poor Rosie's state. She gasped as another squirt escaped her- a longer one this time. She pressed down hard on her pussy. She could feel the wet spot on the thin cotton fabric now. Her pee had leaked through her panties onto the grey tights, darkening them for the world to see. She wondered if her short skirt would be able to cover the dampness or if it would be seen when she danced. It hardly mattered.

She was slowly losing control of her bladder. Soon, the volume of pee inside her would be too much for her body to handle and she would inadvertently pee herself. Her tights would get engulfed by the warm wetness and people would laugh endlessly at her expense. The accident would happen completely beyond her own will and control. She had been forced to drink the water. She had been forced to remain at practice without a pee break. She had been forced to endure this inhumane torture. She could hear the giggles intensify around her as she danced and knew that everyone had noticed the wet spot. They quickly started snapping photos of the hot cheerleader who had begun wetting herself in public.

Yet another squirt escaped the confines of Rosie's pussy lips and this one didn't stop flowing. She stopped dancing again and shoved both hands in her crotch. Her legs scissored violently as she clenched them as tightly together as she possibly could, rocking her hips back and forth to try to stop leaking. She just barely stemmed the flow. She could feel her pee seeping down her tights and knew she had just wet her ass and legs. Girls behind her roared with laughter as wet streaks appeared in the grey material. They couldn't believe their eyes- the new cheerleader was totally wetting herself at practice!

Everyone had stopped dancing now. Their eyes were fixated on poor Rosie, who was embarrassing herself in the worst way imaginable. Even Brenda had stopped coaching and started watching Rosie with the others. She was on the verge of having a total wetting accident in her clothes like a little girl, too incredible an event to ignore.

Rosie felt a powerful wave of desperation coming over her and immediately knew this would be the final one. There was just no way she could hold on a moment longer. Her pee was coming out no matter where she was or who was watching. She shuddered heavily with relief as a powerful waterfall exited her tortured body and flowed through her tights to the field below. The feeling of finally letting go was euphoric, almost orgasmic. She closed her eyes as her pee streamed from her vulva to her feet for a full minute. The flow slowed and stopped as she finally removed the iron grip on her crotch, exhibiting her wet skirt and tights.

The shocked silence around her was instantly replaced with excited chatter, laughter, and jokes. Rosie burned beet red and covered her face, crying audibly. She couldn't believe she had just wet her pants in front of her whole team, coach, and half the football team! How could Brenda do this to her?!

Brenda quickly shooed the girls around Rosie away and ushered Rosie straight to her office. It wasn't until she had shut the door behind them that Rosie finally uncovered her face. She could immediately tell that Brenda was sexually excited by what she had just done. She stopped sobbing and removed her skirt to give her coach an unobstructed view of her peed tights. Encouraged, Brenda approached the young cheerleader and purposefully kissed her on the lips while fingering her pussy through the wet cloth. Rosie was excited now as well and reached under her coach's t-shirt to massage her breasts through her 36C sports bra. It was so gratifying to know her attractive coach had not humiliated her as punishment but rather because she had found her hot enough to perform a sexual act for her.

Brenda took control of the situation and pushed Rosie onto her desk. She tore off the younger woman's tights and started eating her right through her soiled panties. Rosie moaned in ecstasy and began rubbing her own breasts as Brenda's mouth forcefully sucked on her most intimate region. Never in her wildest imagination had she imagined losing her virginity in this fashion. It was just so naughty, so hot, so forbidden. She couldn't imagine what her parents would think if they learned about this encounter.

Rosie finally redressed to head home an hour later. Brenda offered her a fresh uniform to wear home, but she refused. She no longer cared if she was seen as the girl who had wet herself at cheerleading practice.

