Holding and Hunting Vampires

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-11-22 09:24

Part One

Includes minor desperation

Kiara walked as silently as she could through the stone hall. The quiet, echoing clack of her footsteps was the only sound in the crypt. A torch that illuminated less than two feet around it was held out in front of her, and a dagger was held tightly in the other. She took a deep breath as she came upon a tall wooden door.

She was tense for two reasons. The first was the anxiety she was almost used to: plunging into almost certain death at the hands of vampires. The second was an achingly engorged bladder that she'd been holding full of urine since she entered the structure. She rubbed her thighs together as she gently pulled the door handle and pushed it open.

The clank and creak of the door opening was almost definitely enough to alert any undead in the room, she thought. It seemed clear.

She held the light by the wall as she walked alongside it, passing an old piano with no dust on everywhere but the keys. An old desk had a diary on it.

"Interesting," she muttered to herself, opening it to a page in the middle.

I've reread everything I own and I've grown so tired of piano music. These hunters are making it difficult to find prey at night. Pretty soon, they'll be bold enough to be invading our homes.

"Heh heh," Kiara chuckled.

I'm so grateful I had the oppurtunity to hold my piss these past couple of weeks. I needed the release. It's been a while since I've been able to do that kind of thing.

"What the fuck? Why would she want to do that?" She clenched her legs together from the reminder. The only reason Kiara wasn't pulling her pants down and urinating was the fact that she didn't want to be vulnerable in this place even for a second. Hopefully this demon-spawn has a chamberpot.

Even though I've enjoyed the alone time, I hope Rentha is back soon. It's been a long time and I fear the worst.

"You have no idea the mistake you made breaking into my quarters, mortal." The voice scared her out of her skin as she spun to face the source of it. A tall, pale woman with black eyes. "And you're reading my diary? That's so fucking rude."

"So you're the one whose been terrorizing the countryside," Kiara said flatly. "That ends now."

"I love the days when the generations that forgot my legends send me their most foolish. I ate your ancestors, child." In a flash she was a foot away from Kiara's face, who couldn't help but stumble backward in surprise. She thrusted the dagger toward the vampire's torso, but her wrist was caught and she was thrown across the room, landing with an oomf and dropping her torch and dagger with a clatter. Before she even had the chance to stand up, the vampire was looming above her.

"See what I mean? I have power you can't even imagine. Now, whatever you do, don't hold still. I like it when they struggle." Kiara screamed as her neck was bitten, and it was the last thing she remembered before passing out.

*003*2021-12-01 10:34

{{On 11/22/2021 at 3:22 PM, Holdon said:

Interesting start, but would have liked more backstory as to why Kiera had entered the crypt with such a full bladder?! I hope she can hold it!

}}

That is a good point!

*004*2021-12-01 10:47

Part Two

Contains extreme desperation, nudity, somewhat sexual content. Should I use this story in the interactive forum?

Kiara was sitting at the bar, laughing at something her companian had said. She drank from another mug of ale and said "Celia, I'm going to miss you when you're gone. I wish you weren't leaving so soon."

"I'm gonna miss you too," she replied, sipping her own mug, "It's time, though. I've been wandering these villages long enough. I want to go somewhere where I can make a real difference."

Kiara furrowed her brow. "We make a difference here."

Celia looked panicked. "We do! I didn't mean that, I-"

She was cut off by someone rushing into the bar. "There's been a vampire attack! She's fleeing into the hills!"

Kiara leapt up. "We've got to chase after her!"

Celia remained seated. "I don't know, she's already attacked. No vampire around here will do it again so soon."

"She'll be back out someday! We have to see where she's going, at least!"

"Let her go just this once, Kiara. I have a long journey tomorrow, I don't want to be up late fighting..."

Kiara looked at her disapprovingly before gulping the rest of her drink, spinning around and storming out. She sprinted down the road until she saw a dark, distant figure running away. "There you are..." she muttered, taking off toward it.

. . .

The battered girl awoke in a hanging cage, curled up in a fetal position and taking up almost all the room she had. Her body felt exhausted, the loss of blood making her light-headed. Her neck hurt badly in two distinct puncture wounds. Her joints were sore. She reached up and shook the padlock to test its strength. As expected, she was locked in there tight.

Her need to piss had increased exponentially, her thighs pressing against her bladder bulge.

"Ohhh god," she groaned, realizing the reality of her situation. She stretched her legs out between the bars of the cage, her knees popping as she did it. She dropped her feet and put her hands between her legs, cursing her inability to press her thighs together. The bars held them inches apart. She took the quiet oppurtunity to examine her surroundings.

A room she hadn't got to in her exploration. The only light was from a lantern above a chest next to the door on the far side of the room. There was a chair and a small desk next to her and other hanging cages, one with a dried skeleton in it. The thoughts of fear were interrupted by a wave from her severe urge to micturate.

Kiara had to piss so bad. She couldn't think of an escape plan over the searing urgency that emanated through her urine-filled organ.

The door creaked open. "Hope you're still alive," the woman said as she entered. "I drained a good bit out of you. I was rather hungry."

She forced her hands away from her vagina and held the bars in front of her. She glared at the woman.

"Not talking? Not even begging for your life? How boring."

Kiara couldn't keep from tensing her legs and figeting. Her urge to piss was intense enough without her fearing for her life and safety. She's been in pickles before, but even she had to admit this was a bad one. "Why did you keep me alive?" she asked. "Why didn't you just kill me?"

"Hmm, good question. Maybe I will just kill you." The vampire had her hand around her throat in an instant, hissing as she pulled Kiara against the bars, moving to bite again. Terror welled up inside her, squeezing out a long spurt of piss. As the vampire suddenly halted, lingering inches away from biting, Kiara squeezed every muscle in her lower body trying to keep from continuing. Urine was still dribbling out, and she dug her fingers into her peehole trying to stop it.

"Ah, I'm kidding. I keep you alive so I have something to eat for a while. Leftovers, you know?" As she pulled away, the vampire's eyes were drawn to the telltale signs of Kiara's state, no matter how hard she tried to hide them. If she stopped holding herself and squirming, there'd be a considerably more embarrassing mess. The vampire inhaled deep through her nose. "Did I make you have an accident, mortal?"

Her cheeks went hot and her eyes went wide. Her captor stuck her hand through the bars and a cold hand was pressed lightly against her belly, making her gasp. "You have to go that badly?" the vampire asked, locking eyes with Kiara. For a moment, it was like all of her worries faded away. She was aware of her body as it moved its hands away from its crotch, but it was like it wasn't apart of her. She was somewhere else, gazing into this mystery woman's eyes. She felt the vampire's hand move down, moving her fingertips between her thighs. Controlled, but not by her, Kiara felt her urethra relax and allow a long jet of urine into her underwear before tightening again.

Then, in an instant, she snapped back to reality. She jerked her ass out and her hands shot to her crotch, clutching tightly over her burning urethra. "What the fuck--?" she sputtered, trembling under the strain of keeping her liquid waste inside her body.

"Oh, you're so red! That's adorable," she reached through the bars again to touch her cheek.

"Stay away from me!" Kiara shouted, scooting away.

The vampire looked displeased as she took her hand back. "Well, there's no need to be like that. You know, I'm desperate, too." She lifted her shirt to reveal a round bulge. "I actually have a preposition for you."

She paused, waiting for Kiara to answer. She was squirming around uncomfortably, too focused on retaining all of the urine inside her. "If you can hold your piss longer than I can, I wont drink from you again. I'll let you go, actually."

"Bullshit!" she retorted.

"Maybe, maybe not. But if you can't hold your piss longer than me, I'm going to kill you."

"I... I don't agree to that. You're going to kill me either way."

"So the only thing the deal does is give you a chance to escape and you don't take it?" The vampire suddenly gasped and bent at the knees, shoving her hands into her crotch for a second before moving them to her knees. "Seems to me- phew- that you're making a mistake here."

"There's some kind of catch. There always is." Kiara could only barely keep from stuttering. Her intense desperation was pounding in her bursting bladder so hard that she could barely think.

"Do you think I don't let people go all the time? Wouldn't this room be filled with corpses?"

"But why do you want me to do something so... bizarre? Are you getting off to this or something?"

The vampire had started marching stiffly around in place. "Not so much sexual as much as it is... unusual fascination?"

"Ohhh..." Kiara dropped her head against the bars and groaned as her bladder contracted, its overstretched walls tightening in painful pulses around her record-breaking volume.

The vampire kicked a chamber pot under Kiara's cage. "Your possible access to it in the near future relies on whether or not you participate in this contest with me, mortal."

The vampire hunter groaned miserably, pangs of unbearable desperation surging through her lower half. "Alright, fine! I'll do the contest! That's what you want?" She was rocking back and forth, clutching her crotch with both of her hands. "I don't know what kind of sick business you're wanting me to get into, but it's obvious who's going to win! I have to go so much worse than you do!"

"Well, you're certainly more animated," she replied, "but in sheer volume, I'm confident I have you beat."

"If I had any more piss inside of me right now I'd probably explode," she muttered.

"Well, that's the thing about the human body. It's constantly making more pee." She lifted her shirt, cradling a huge bulge sticking out of her lower abdomen. "With all the wine I drank, I can almost feel my bladder filling by the minute."

Kiara needed to piss so badly. She filled her cheeks with air and squeezed her eyes shut as she squirmed around, her fingers dug hard into her vagina. Her intense need to urinate was only worsened by the vampire's obnoxious commentary. Plus, she didn't physically feel capable of holding in all of this urine much longer. How was she going to win this contest? Would she even be let go if she did?

"Aren't you listening?" the vampire hissed, kicking the cage so it jostled Kiara violently. She yelped as a strong stream of pee came out, slowly dying down in pulses as the rest of it sloshed around painfully inside her. "I was just telling you that you won. I need to empty myself right away."

Trembling desperately, Kiara watched as the vampire pulled the chamber pot over to her and pulled her pants down just far enough to unleash a roaring torrent of liquid into it. Kiara groaned miserably as she moaned as if she was in bliss. "This feels so fucking good," she mumbled, "I've been holding it in for days."

Did she say days? Kiara throught, that's not even physically possible!

It seemed like she'd be pissing for an eternity. It was the longest she'd ever seen anyone pee. As several minutes went by with her stream showing no signs of stopping, Kiara felt her urethra begin releasing a constant dribble. She scooted her butt around, gripping herself frantically trying to keep it in. It hurt so badly to retain such a huge volume of urine, a volume that appeared to be her limit. She'd never even been close to this level of desperation before. And with the vampire loudly power pissing right in front of her, it was especially torturous.

The dribbling was paired with hot, intermittent spurts. By this point, her pants were soaked at the crotch and the butt, darkness spreading down her thighs.

The vampire's stream faltered and quickly died. She didn't wipe, she just pulled her pants back up. "Do you want me to let you out so you can piss? Do you need to go?"

Kiara squeezed herself tighter as her dribbling strengthened to a small leak. Urine was streaking quickly down her legs and dripping off the rim of the cage. Her entire body was straining with the effort of holding in so much piss.

"Oh, is it too late?" her captor taunted.

A hot stream of urine sprayed out of Kiara's clenched urethra. "Mmph!" she grunted, using every bit of strength she had to try to contain the huge amount of urine inside of herself, though she was still squirting piss erratically. Her body was managing to force a good bit of liquid out of her, despite her efforts not to keep humiliating herself.

"Oh, quit it!" The vampire was on her in a flash, snatching Kiara by the wrists and holding it above her head.

"Let go of me!" she cried, writhing her hips around frantically.

"Such a small bladder in you," she teased, reaching into the cage running her finger up Kiara's spurting crotch. "The poor thing is still holding on, aren't you? She still has to go. She's still going, actually."

"S-stop!" Spurting turned to a strong, hissing stream. She almost started tearing up as she audibly emptied her unbearably overfilled bladder. Keep yourself together, she thought, if you can hold in your piss this long you can hold that in too.

The pee kept going and going. Even the vampire's eyes went wide watching the quanitity that came out of Kiara, though her stream still wasn't nearly as long as hers.

"That was actually rather impressive," she said as it slowed to a leak. When she said the words, Kiara's muscles tightened, holding what was left in the chamber inside and keeping a dull ache sitting in her lower belly. She felt a surge of adrenaline as the vampire pulled a key out of her pocket and began unlocking her cage. "Now look at me," she said, staring Kiara in the eyes. Once again, the world fell away and she watched herself climb out of the cage and remove her pants and underwear. The vampire went to the chest and produced a skirt. She went up to Kiara, took her soggy clothing and handed her the skirt. "You've been a very enjoyable companion," she told her. "Now, come back if you ever care to do it again. Understand?"

Still bare from the waist down, Kiara walked out of the room. As soon as the door closed behind her, she awoke from her trance.

As she sprinted, skirt still in her hand, she couldn't quit thinking of a possible twist to this. Was she really free to go? What kind of trick was she about to encounter?

She burst through the entrance and stood for a moment in the cold, looking out at the green pasture and the village in the distance. She shivered from the temperature, moving her hand to her vagina as her aching turned to urgency.

She stepped into the skirt and pulled it up. A bit small, but at least she wasn't naked. What was the vampire doing with her clothes?

She ran in the direction of the village. Halfway there, when every step was a pulsing throb through her pee-filled bladder, she squatted behind a bush and urinated. As soon as she was done, she resumed her trek. The barkeep recognized her and greeted her as she went up to her room in the inn, flopping onto the bed.

