An embarrassing accident

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-02-05 05:27

So this is pretty short but tell me whatcha think:)

I grit my teeth as my bladder filled to its peak. Eyes began to tear up as I sat on my heels. Fortunately I was the only one in the back seat of the Durango as we headed to my house from the movie.

In the driver and passenger seat sat Gabriel and Emma, my best friend and her boyfriend. In the middle seats were Zoey, Katie and Anthony. My other two best friends and my biggest crush. I however was alone it the two back most seats, close to peeing myself.

I groaned as I shoved both my hands into my vagina trying to keep myself from peeing myself. Suddenly I felt a spurt escape into my panties. I moaned under my breath fortunately I saw my house come closer in sight. I smiled happily as we pulled into the drive way, however another spurt of urine dampened my panties further. I gritted my teeth as everyone got out, including me.

I walked with my legs crossed into my house, after unlocking the door I made a bee line for the bathroom. I quickly locked myself in the bathrrom. Suddenly the sight of the toilet set my bladder off even worse. I hpped from foot to foot and shoved my hands deeper into my crotch and bit my lip. The urge didn’t subside. I grit my teeth and tried to unbutton my pants, but the effort was futile.

Suddenly my bladder burst a foot from the toilet. I moaned as the hot pee ran down my legs. It trickled down my thighs and the back of my legs, before splashing around my feet. The urine continued to flow into my jeans and soaked my jeans thoroughly. Finally as the flow subsided, I stared down at my legs, and the puddle around me and sobbed loudly.

*003*2012-08-19 23:59

{{:

Short little passages like this that are just about the desperation and wetting are great for inspiration. Is it possible for you to do more of these quick scenario's?

}}

Probably not, as far as I know this was probably the first story I ever wrote and was just getting the hang of writing. Otherwise I would have extended it, I can't stand writing short stories:/

