Daniel and Amy - Page 41

Author: Barry

*1000*2019-08-07 22:25

{{5 hours ago, Piddly said:

Sorry for the double comment, but just noticed this milestone which really needed to be highlighted.

Happy 1000th comment Daniel and Amy (and @Barry too, of course )

I'm still in awe that this is your first work of fiction Barry, have to say. I've actually read it back through from the start, to remind myself how great it is. And it doesn't disappoint on the second reading either. Really, really looking forward to how this trip away pans out for all of them. Can't wait

And I'm going to quote your opening comment too, just to tell you that you're wrong!

Nope, it's not as good as it should be, it's far, far better!

}}

Thanks mate. You’re too kind. I can hardly believe it myself!

I don’t think my little saga has a huge following, but those that are reading it, seem to be enjoying it, and I’m having the time of my life writing it, which is the main thing I guess. At least there’s no big negativity towards it! I would’ve thought most people were getting sick of it by now!

&&

*1001*2019-08-07 22:48

Chapter 53.

They started the trip in silence, with Dan shifting in his seat from time to time, feeling his saturated diaper squelching underneath his bottom. It wasn’t the worst feeling in the world, and of course, SOMETIMES, he even enjoyed it, but not today. Today he knew he already smelled bad, his stomach felt funny, he was covered in dirt, and he was beginning to feel a bit sweaty as well. Also he was tired, grumpy, thirsty, and simultaneously hungry but not hungry, but at least his bowels had stopped complaining, at least for now.

Sue of course noticed his lack of conversation, and tried to wheedle one out of him.

“ So! Did you have fun?” She asked him again.

“Told you mum. It was alright. We did lots of different stuff.”

“You and your friends got on alright?”

He sighed. “Of course. That’s why they’re my friends.”

“How did you go at night? Any problems?”

“Look mum, I don’t wanna be like rude or anything, but can we maybe stop talking about my problems for awhile? I’m wearing a wet nappy now. Isn’t that bad enough?”

“Danny,” she replied carefully, “I’m not trying to just talk about ‘your problems,’ but I’m interested to know how you got on, especially at night.”

He huffed a bit. “Fine. No. I stayed dry both nights, but I hadda coupla accidents during the day. But Matt was the only one to see me, and he was good about it, ok?”

“Danny, what’s wrong mate. Why are you being so defensive? Surely it’s not just your wet diaper. What’s bugging you? Please tell me...”

“Geez mum. I’m wet, itchy, tired and grubby. I don’t feel well, I wanna go home, and I, I,.....” He trailed off.

“Go on buddy. You can tell me,” she prompted. In truth, she was expecting him to tell her that he’d soiled himself, like so many other kids had done, especially since he wasn’t feeling well. She wasn’t really expecting the answer he gave.

“I miss dad,” he said softly. “I’m so sick of him going away all the time. All the other guys, they’re going away with their dads on the holidays, and like Scott and Matt’s dads even picked ‘em up today, but mine isn’t going to be back until the holidays are nearly over. It’s not fair.”

He sniffed, but stayed in control. “Don’t get me wrong mum. I love ya, you know I do, but sometimes, it’s just not the same as having dad here, you know? We do different stuff together, we have fun, then he goes again. I guess seeing the guys with their dads today made me feel a bit, I dunno, sad?”

Sue’s heart felt like it might break. Her boy looked totally dejected. It wasn’t the first time that they’d had this discussion, although it hadn’t happened for awhile. She had thought that as he grew older, he was more at peace with Peters absences, but apparently he wasn’t. She almost broke and told him that his father would be back on Monday, but Pete had wanted it to be a surprise, so she didn’t say anything about it. She knew he was still of an age where having his dad around was a big deal for him. Instead, she patted him gently on his grubby knee.

“Aww Danny, I’m sorry honey. I know it’s hard. But I’m sure when dad gets home, you guys will have a lot of fun.”

“Yeah. Till he leaves again,” the teenager replied, turning towards the window.

Deciding on a quick change of topic, his mum suggested “Fancy McDonald’s for dinner?”

This time he smiled. “Sure mum. That’d be great. Thanks.”

“I’ll stop on the way home then,” she said, pleased to get a smile out of him at last. “Have you spoken to Amy yet?”

His smile immediately broadened. “Not like in person. We’re both nearly outta credit, but we’ve texted each other. I told her I’d ring her from home later, if that’s ok?”

Sue smiled, feeling that a potential meltdown had been averted.

“Of course you can mate. Maybe after dinner? Then you guys can talk as much as you like!”

“That’d be great mum. Love ya,” he replied, before pulling his phone out to text his girlfriend the good news.

They stopped at the drive thru for his dinner, a burger, nuggets and fries, and were home ten minutes later, where he sat at the table, and ravenously dug into his food. Sue told him not to worry about getting changed until he had washed, so he sat there eating his dinner in his squishy diaper.

However, after eating a few nuggets, half his fries, and a bit of his burger, his stomach started complaining, and he couldn’t finish.

“Can I ring Ames now?” He asked.

“Sure mate. But go take those filthy clothes off first eh? Go put your dressing gown on, and throw those clothes in the wash, before they walk in there by themselves. Tell you what. Fancy a bath for a change? I’ll run you one while you talk to Amy.”

Dan agreed that a bath would indeed make a nice, relaxing change from his usual shower, so he went upstairs and stripped off, leaving only his wet diaper on, (underneath his dressing gown of course) then carried his filthy clothes to the laundry, where his bag sat in front of the washing machine. He was going to empty it himself, but decided that talking to Amy was much more important.

Dans bathroom only had a shower and toilet, as did his parents en-suite, but the downstairs guest bathroom had a shower/bath combo, and while he excitedly dialled his girlfriends number, his mother ran him a nice, hot bubble bath. He’d be able to soak the dirt off, then have a shower to wash his dirty, greasy hair.

Amy answered the phone before it had finished ringing once, because (of course) she had been sitting right beside it, waiting.

“Hi beautiful,” he said, his heart fluttering as soon as he heard her squeal “Catholic boy!” in a super excited high pitched voice.

“Watcha been doing?” He asked, and she began to tell him, although perhaps she didn’t mention every single detail of the time she had spent with Nikki.

Dan of course told her absolutely everything about his trip, except for the drinking and smoking bit, but only because his mum was in the next room.

They talked for over half an hour, during which, his diaper started to cool down, while his bladder started quickly filling up again, the result of all the water he’d drank, and the large coke he’d almost finished with his dinner. The urgency hit him fast, and by the time they were starting to finally run out of things to say, he was beginning to cross his ankles, and bend over at the waist, firmly pressing his hand into the front of his sodden pull up.

He may have considered doing a pre-emptive strike, but his diaper was already sagging between his legs, and he’d had it on for nearly eleven hours by then, and had pulled it up and down heaps of times, making the elastic start to stretch out of shape, both around the legs, as well as the waist. Even if he managed to do a slow release, which by now would be nigh on impossible, he’d still end up peeing all over his feet and the floor. His now bare feet standing on the cold tiles certainly didn’t help either.

He hated to admit it, but by the time his mum called out for him to hang up, and to go have his bath before it got cold, he was actually kind of grateful.

“Talk to you tomorrow babe,” he told her, blowing her a kiss, and the slightly disappointed girl agreed, returning the air kiss to him.

Dan hurried to the bathroom, holding his pecker as best he could through the wet padding. He had intended to get his book, and maybe his pacifier too, but by now he couldn’t be bothered going upstairs again, and he knew he’d be wetting himself well before he got there anyway. As he passed by the downstairs toilet, he paused, knowing that he should go there first, but he couldn’t remember ever being desperate in the bath before, and he was interested to know how it would feel. He wasn’t too concerned with peeing in the water, as he intended to have a shower and wash his hair after anyway.

Safely inside, he allowed himself a moment to just potty dance in private. He squeezed his grubby legs together, crossed his dirty ankles, and rubbed his greasy hands over his swollen pull up. Usually, this would probably result in a raging hard on, but not tonight. He just felt flat, and slightly ill.

He noticed his mum had left him his footie pyjamas, a towel, a clean adult pull up, and a plastic bag for his wet one, and he smiled. She might annoy the hell out of him sometimes, but it was little things like this that showed how much she cared. He hung his robe up, then slid his soggy diaper over his grubby knees, stepped out of it and bagged it, leaving it by the door for a later disposal.

Dan stepped gingerly into the tub, expecting the water to be extremely hot, but it had cooled down enough to be the perfect temperature. His penis twitched as soon as his feet got submerged, and he was able to hold it firmly without the restrictive diaper in the way. He felt a small spurt of warm wetness hit his hand, and he hunched over, pinching himself firmly, waiting for the trickle that was running down his almost hairless leg to stop.

Once he had regained control, he gently lowered himself into the warm, slippery bubbles, hissing in a few sharp intakes of breath, as his scabby knees, followed by his scratched arms, sung out in protest as the soapy water slowly enveloped his body. As he sank lower, he discovered even more scratches and scrapes that he hadn’t been aware of, and the small but sharp flashes of light pain were enough to distract his body from adding to the bath water with his own.

Thankfully, the little shards of pain were only temporary, and by the time he laid his head back, they had announced their presence, and already departed.

The boy lay back, and closed his eyes. Except for the uncomfortable fullness of his undersized bladder, this was the most comfortable he’d been all day. Now he was laying down, his urgent need to urinate abated slightly, at least for the moment, and for a few minutes, he simply lay there without moving, and without thinking about much of anything at all.

But young boys aren’t capable of just laying still and thinking about nothing for long. It didn’t take him long to start reminiscing about how much he used to enjoy playing in the bath with his toys when he was a little kid, (like two whole years ago!) and ever so briefly, he wondered if his plastic boat and hot wheels cars were still stashed in the cupboard underneath the sink. He was almost tempted to look, but even entertaining the idea made him feel foolish, and he couldn’t begin to imagine the embarrassment if his mum found he’d been racing his toy cars around the edge of the tub again.

Forcing all thoughts of childish playtime (somewhat regrettably) from his head, he considered turning his attention to a much more age appropriate toy, his penis, and although he had no problems at all conjuring up enough lewd images and memories of Amy, he just simply didn’t feel like doing it.

That was kinda weird, he thought to himself. Ever since he’d learned how to “do that” a few weeks ago, it had become almost a daily occurrence, sometimes even multiple times a day. But tonight, it just seemed like too much effort.

Grabbing a bar of soap, he started by washing his left foot, then his left leg, then going to the right side and repeating the procedure. The soap stung like the devil whenever he discovered a fresh cut or scrape, but he diligently scrubbed his body from his feet to his neck, as the bubbles slowly died, and the water became dirty.

It didn’t take long of course for his little bladder to make its presence felt again, and he kept squeezing his soapy boyhood with his slippery hands. Even this wasn’t enough to enlarge his flaccid member though, and he was forced to give up the idea of self pleasure altogether.

He just didn’t feel well.

Dan rubbed a hand over his slightly chubby tummy, grimacing as he felt the pudginess around his middle section, telling himself for the umpteenth time that he was going to start riding his bike and exercising more. Definitely over the holidays. At least.

By this time, his boyhood was pulsing in time with his heartbeat, and as he watched, a trickle emerged from the tip, making the water bubble.

The sudden bout of extreme urgency hit him like a tidal wave out of nowhere, and he lifted his hips up, bringing his boyhood out of the water. A strong jet of pee erupted, shooting towards his face, and only just falling short, landing on his smooth chest instead.

Realising that he had suddenly lost complete control, he pointed himself straight up, watching in awe, as he made a pee fountain that shot vertically at least two feet into the air, before splattering down noisily into the water in which he bathed. The sound was enough to heighten his already lost control, and he lay there peeing uncontrollably until his bladder emptied itself of all reserves.

When it was over, he felt a bit disgusted with himself, and was going to drain the tub and have a shower right away, but he was sooooo comfortable....

In the end he lay there for another twenty minutes, and pissed into the air twice more, enjoying the feeling of uncontrolled release both times.

Only when the water started to cool, did he finally pull the plug, and turn the shower on, then fully washed his body with soap again under the running water, before shampooing and conditioning his shaggy brown hair.

Sue had snuck outside for a cigarette once Dan had settled into the tub, and she remembered that she hadn’t put his dirty laundry on yet, so that’s where she headed when her smoke was finished.

She wrinkled her nose at the smell coming from his bag. It was an odour she was well familiar with, the smell of stale pee.

She started gingerly pulling his clothes out, tut-tutting to herself about the state of them. “He’s a boy. It’s his job to get dirty,” she told herself. “At least it’s better than staying home by himself playing video games.”

But still.......yuck.

She found a pair of once white socks, that looked as though he’d worn them during tap dancing lessons in a mud puddle. In fact, all of his socks were filthy, and his t-shirts, and both hoodies. My God! Did the little shit sleep on the ground outside or something?

There was a pair of shorts and boxers that were completely ripped up the back. For the life of her, she couldn’t imagine how.

His orange shorts were completely soaked with pee, and still wet. That must’ve been the accident that he’d told her about, although she had thought he would’ve been wearing a diaper when that happened. Why he’d been wearing shorts without protection she didn’t understand, and didn’t want to ask, either. His onesie was dry, but heavily stained with yellow on the flap, and his black sweats felt suspiciously damp as well.

She noticed that not a single diaper was left.

Obviously he had suffered more than one or two accidents, although that was all he’d alluded too.

Sue sighed. It looked like he was getting worse. She was really starting to think that her little boy would be incontinent for the rest of his life. It was a good thing that he was starting to deal with it.

*1005*2019-08-08 22:35

Preface to Chapter 54.

I think that nearly every story, either written, on tv, or in movie form, always has an episode, chapter, or scene, which kind of stretches the boundaries of belief, expecting the reader or viewer to temporarily suspend that belief, and just go with it.

This is my version of that chapter.

Since the start of this, I really wanted to include a certain scene that appeals to my “little side.” These days, my little side has virtually disappeared, but I still wanted to do that scenario.

As outlandish as some of this story as a whole might be, I’m the first to admit that this particular chapter is quite a stretch, but you know what? I’m happy with it!

It still fits in perfectly with the story, and never needs to be referred to again, and if you just go with it, I think it works, especially if you’re like me, and sometimes see things through Dans eyes.

So you don’t have to tell me that it’s a bit, uh, unusual.....Just remember, Danny boy is really tired...,,

If any readers enjoy a bit of “little time fantasy,” they will hopefully enjoy it. If not, don’t panic, I won’t do it again. But if I was going to ever do it, this was the perfect time and place for it!

It’s all about experimenting with my writing, just to see if I can make the unbelievable, well, believable!

As usual, I’m supremely interested in your feedback, probably even more so in this case.

This will be the last bit of messy content for awhile as well.

Chapter 54

After his bath, finally feeling clean and warm, and now comfortably dressed in a fresh adult pull up and his footie pyjamas, Daniel settled onto the sofa, with his mum in her favourite armchair. She was watching one of her reality shows, something to do with house renovations, and it held little to no interest for the young teenager. She had tried again to squeeze some more information out of him regarding his school camp, but although he remained polite, his answers were mostly monosyllabic, and he appeared distracted.

She caught him rubbing his stomach a few times.

“Are you feeling sick mate?”

“Yeah. A bit. Not really ‘sick’ sick, I suppose, but kind of queasy.”

“Have you still got the runs?” Sue asked.

He shrugged. “Dunno. I haven’t sat on the toilet since the rest stop.”

“Why don’t you try and go,” she suggested.

Dan huffed. “For Gods sake mum. I’m not a baby you know! You don’t haveta keep reminding me to go to the toilet all the time. I might pee myself, but I can work out when to sit on the toilet.”

“Fine, fine. Sorry I spoke,” she mumbled, turning her attention back to the tv.

Her boy sighed. “Sorry mum. I don’t mean to sound, well, mean, but I guess I just don’t feel well, and I’m tired.”

“Why not have an early night?” Sue suggested.

“Muuuummm, It’s only seven o’clock,” he said dismissively, stretching the word “mum” out to for least three syllables, before picking up his phone again.

“Whatever,” his mum said, sounding exasperated. Honestly! Whatever she said these days, the boy disagreed with.

“But I want you to keep your fluids up Danny,” she added. “You’ve had the runs, and you feel sick, so I want you to drink lots of water.”

The look he gave her was one of mild disdain. “Really mum? You want me to drink lots of water before I go to bed?”

Feeling like she’d been slowly backed into a corner somehow, she answered firmly. “Yes Daniel Jacobs. I want you to drink lots of water. Screw the damn bed. Put a bloody towel down if it bothers you that much, but you need to keep your fluids up.”

He sighed, and got to his feet in that disgruntled way that only teenagers can manage. “Okay, okay, I’ll drink some (mumbled) water.”

“What did you just say mate?”

“Nothing, nothing,” he hastily added.

This earned him a glare from his mother, and he hurried out of the room before she could reply.

Sue turned back to her show, trying to work out what she’d missed. Something important had just happened....

“Mum! Hey mum!” Dan was standing outside the door again, looking at her expectantly.

“Jesus mate! What?”

He wiggled a milk container at her.

“We’ve still got chocky milk left! Can I have that?”

“Come on Dan. I’m trying to watch my show here. It’s nearly over. And no. I don’t think drinking chocolate milk on an upset stomach is a great idea. Stick to water.”

For a moment, she thought that the smooth faced boy in the footie pyjamas was actually going to stamp his feet like a toddler. He threw his head back, and sighed extravagantly.

“Awwww come on mum. I’ve been doing nothing but drinking water all day,” apparently forgetting about the large Coke he’d nearly demolished with his dinner. “Pleeeaaasssse?”

She gave up. “Damn it Daniel, drink whatever you want. I don’t care. Just let me watch my show, eh? And don’t come running to me later if you feel sick.”

He pumped his fist, uttering a “Yeeessssss,” and disappeared once more.

Honestly, she thought. Sometimes it was like living with a little kid again! The sooner he got his tired, grumpy ass to bed, the better!

Peace reigned supreme in the Jacobs household for the next hour or so. Sue got to watch not only her show, but the next one as well. Meanwhile, Dan played with his phone. He texted Amy, (of course) and filled her in on all the illicit stuff he’d done at camp, the things he couldn’t verbally say over the phone earlier. She pretended to be outraged that he’d been smoking again, but finally admitted that she’d done the same thing with Nikki..... She thought the drinking game sounded fun, and told him what a brave little soldier he was for his midnight adventure, disposing of the bottle.

He also joined the group Messenger chat with his three friends, catching up on how they were feeling. Scotty and Matt were fine, but poor Ali had started throwing up, and was already tucked up in bed with a bucket beside him.

Suddenly, his stomach turned, and he immediately felt ill. Very ill. His body temperature seemed to skyrocket, and he felt a fine sheen of sweat break out on his back and forehead. He rubbed his head, hissing as he touched the large lump that had formed after his fall on the cabin floor, but he’d forgotten all about till just then.

“Mum?” Dan mumbled nervously, “Mum, I don’t feel good. I think I’m gonna be...” and he suddenly dry heaved.

Sue moved like lightning. In the back of her mind she had been expecting this at some point.

“Come on mate. MOVE! NOW!”

She grabbed his arm as he struggled to his feet, dry heaving again, with his hand over his mouth. Pushing him roughly to the door, his mother guided him towards the hallway, where he automatically turned towards the stairs.

“No Danny. Downstairs toilet, and quick.”

He paused at the door, and grabbed at his backside.

“Mum? I think I need to sit on the toilet,” he told her in a watery voice.

“Quick mate. Get in there and pull your pants down then. I’ll get you a bucket.”

Leaving one hand over his mouth, the boy used his other hand to roughly pull his footies off, but of course, his big pull up stayed on.

Suddenly, he heaved again, and this time, it wasn’t dry. His stomach contracted violently, and he lunged forwards, putting his head over the bowl just in time, as a massive amount of undigested food and liquid surged up his throat, completely filling his mouth, before pouring into the bowl in a foul tasting waterfall of nastiness. Sue put her hands on his shoulders, forcing him down to his knees, as another violent contraction hit him, just as badly as the first.

Now kneeling, with his diaper just inches above his feet, he reached for his backside again, as he felt his bowels suddenly give up. A strong spurt of hot liquid, the consistency of water, shot out of him, only to be safely contained by his pull up.

He heaved again, feeling shocked, and he started wetting himself as well. Then he pooped again. Over the next thirty seconds, his bladder completely drained, he was sick twice more, and the back of his nappy continued to fill.

Sue watched in horror as his diaper sagged badly at the back, making it look as though he was smuggling a cricket ball in the back of his nappy.

Dan whimpered. “Mum. I think I shit myself.”

All she could do, was gently rub his back, making a comforting “Shhh” sound, as his stomach contracted one last time, this time producing nothing, before he started spitting into the toilet, trying to clear his mouth.

“Oh Danny. Don’t worry about it. I knew that chocolate milk was a bad idea. It’s not the end of the world mate. Nothing a quick shower and a change won’t fix. Now, have you finished?”

He nodded his head, numbly, and she helped him to his feet, then managed to flush the toilet without looking into it.

Danny pressed a hand onto the sagging seat of his diaper, feeling it squash disgustingly against his buttocks, and his mother gently knocked his hand away.

“Don’t play with it Danny, you’ll just make it worse. Come on, let’s get you upstairs, and into the shower.”

“I think I wet myself again as well,” he admitted in a mumbled voice.

“That’s the least of your problems mate,” she informed him kindly. “Come on. Let’s get you into the shower. You go up, I’ll fetch a plastic bag.”

She picked up his discarded pants, and draped them over his shoulder, then led him towards the stairs. “You get yourself another diaper, and I’ll be up in a second. Wait for the bag before you get undressed!”

She watched him slowly trudge up the stairs, his now heavily discoloured nappy hanging very low from his bottom, and she sighed. Her “mother’s instinct” had warned her that something like this was going to happen. At least the poor kid hadn’t taken sick like this on the bus, she thought grimly.

Dan stood in the bathroom, sweating and shivering, his pyjama top and singlet discarded on the floor with his pants, feeling very uncomfortable in his wet and slimy pull up. His mother opened the door a fraction, and passed him a plastic bag, telling him to take his special pants off in the shower, and not on the floor, and that she’d be waiting outside the door for him. He was grateful for that.

The removal and bagging of his soiled protection was extremely uncomfortable and disgusting, to say the least, but he managed it. He had never been more thankful in his life to be standing under hot, running water.

Meanwhile, Sue busied herself in his bedroom. She had already changed his bedding whilst he was at camp, but she added a folded towel to his bottom sheet as an extra precaution, and made him a big glass of water which she left on his nightstand, also fetching a bucket for him, should he be sick again during the night.

However, her attention was quickly drawn to the sound of vomiting from the bathroom.

She reacted on instinct, and just opened the door and barged in, greeted by the sight of her naked teenage son, hunched over, and retching horribly in the shower. He turned his head in surprise, and hurriedly tried to cover his privates with his hands.

“Mum! Get out! I’m in the shower...” followed by another bout of stomach contractions.

“Don’t be bloody stupid Daniel! I’m your mother. I’ve seen it all before,” she told him firmly, her concern for him far outweighing his desire for privacy. For his part, the boy tried to protest, but found he simply didn’t have the energy, although he tried his best to keep his private area covered up, and turned his back towards the shower door.

As weird as it felt, Sue certainly didn’t have any interest in seeing her son naked, and this was simply a matter of trying to help him. She slid the shower door open, and ran a critical eye over his naked, shivering form, noticing straight away that he hadn’t managed to completely clean himself yet.

“Stand still,” she instructed, and the boy complied, as she took control of the shower head and a face washer, aiming the water lower, while she gently wiped away the mess. Handing him the cloth, she told him to make sure he cleaned himself properly between the legs and his bottom, then closed the door and left him to it, waiting in the bathroom just to make sure that he was alright.

Eventually the shower was turned off, and she heard the door slide open.

“What’ll I do with the cloth mum?”

Sue turned around, seeing Daniel standing there shivering, with one hand covering his genitals, the other holding a dirty face cloth between his thumb and forefinger. Using the same technique, she held her breath and gingerly took it from him, putting it in the same bag that held his messy diaper, then thankfully tied the bag up as tight as she could.

“Come on mate. Come and get dry,” she said, and as he stepped forward, she draped the towel around his bare shoulders.

“Mum, can you, ah, like give me some privacy here please?” Dan asked bashfully.

“It’s a bit late for privacy,” she replied somewhat sarcastically, but she did turn around.

Dan did the same, and dried himself as fast as he could, although he couldn’t stop shivering, even though he felt hot.

“How do you feel now?” Sue asked, over her shoulder.

Dan answered without thinking, and he told the truth, with a mirthless half-laugh.

“Honestly mum? I feel like having a smoke.”

The words were out before he even realised what he was saying, and he mentally kicked himself before he’d even finished.

Sue immediately fired up, and spun around.

“Well Daniel Jacobs, You’re not bloody having one. I’ll give you that tip! One, you’re too young, two, you’re certainly not allowed to! Three, it would only make you sick again. Four, .....”

Dan sighed, extremely embarrassed and annoyed with himself for speaking without thinking.

“Ok, ok, mum. I wasn’t like ASKING for one. You know that. I just feel all kinda shaky, like wound up tight, you know? My stomach feels better, but that was horrible. Really, really embarrasing. I can’t believe I just pooped myself. That was the worst thing that’s ever happened to me. Kinda stressful, like real bad. I’m sorry you hadda deal with that.”

Sue relaxed. She couldn’t believe he’d just said that, but she did appreciate his honesty, and his apology, and she certainly could understand WHY he might feel like that, at least.

“It’s okay Danny, I get it. But you’re not smoking. End of story. If you want to smoke so badly, use that bloody pacifier.”

“Good idea mum,” he said, glowing with embarrassment. “I’ll do that instead.”

He fell silent, still kicking himself for saying that, and concentrated on getting himself dry, while his mother looked away.

“Ready mum,” he finally said.

Sue turned around, and he was standing there trembling, holding the towel around his waist.

“Give your teeth a quick brush mate,” she said, and although he groaned, he did as he was told.

“Bedroom,” she instructed. “I’ll give you a hand.”

“Muuuuummmmmm! I can get dressed by myself!”

“I know you can Danny. But look at you! You look like you’re freezing! Come on. Let me help you, then you can hop into a nice warm bed. I just need to make sure your sleep pants are nice and tight tonight.”

Her son couldn’t be bothered arguing, so he trudged into his bedroom with his head down, while his mother gathered his pyjamas and pull up.

“I don’t think you want a pull up tonight mate,” she told him. “Let’s get you into a big tape up. Sit on the bed for me please.”

Dan was absolutely horrified.

“Aw come on mum! No way. Just let me do it. Please.”

Sue sighed. “Daniel. I have absolutely no desire to see your ‘bits,’ alright? I just want to get you tucked up in bed as soon as possible.”

She passed him the tape up diaper.

“You lay down, put it under yourself, and hold it over your, ah, thing. After what just happened, I want to make sure it’s done up tight, and stays on, just in case it happens again during the night.”

She saw the colour drain from his flushed face. “Do you really think that’s going to happen again, mum?”

Sue shook her head gravely. “It could mate. If you’ve got Gastro, it might last twenty four hours. Don’t you think that having your night nappy nice and snug is a good idea if that happens? Go on, and grab your dummy. It’ll make you feel better.”

After what he’d just gone through, Daniel had to agree. He asked his mother to turn around again, and she did, although he didn’t realise that she had a perfect view of his reflection from his mirror!

Sue surreptitiously watched, as her son took his dummy from his bedside drawer, and popped it in his mouth, immediately giving it a test suck. He then went back to the end of the bed, where he dropped the towel, unfolded the big nappy, and lay down on it, positioning it squarely beneath his buttocks, before pulling the front up, and holding it tightly in place.

She hadn’t seen her little boy naked for maybe two years or more, and she thought that he still looked quite small “down there,” although that was probably because he was sick and cold. She couldn’t help but notice that he now had some hair that hadn’t been there before, so at least he was still growing. That was a good sign. Perhaps his little bladder still had time to catch up. Pretending she hadn’t been watching, she asked “Are you okay buddy?”

“Yes mum,” he replied meekly, his speech slightly muffled by the pacifier, and she turned to see him laying on his back, at the edge of his bed, with his legs dangling over, feet on the floor.

The light was bright in his eyes, and he felt very embarrassed, finding it impossible to look his mother in the face, so he flung a forearm across his eyes, and turned his head away, but left his other hand on the front of his nappy, trying to hold it in place.

Sue tapped his thigh.

“Lift your bum up for me Danny.”

He did as he was told, cringing with humiliation, just wanting the whole experience to be over as quickly as possible. Sue adjusted the diaper, while he tried to keep a death grip on it, and when she was finally satisfied with its position, she did the tapes up for him, even slipping a finger into the leg bands to ensure it was fitted properly.

“Come on buddy, up you get,” she said, ignoring the beetroot colour he had turned, and offered her hand to help him to his feet.

“Arms up,” she instructed, and he complied without complaint, and she slipped his singlet and pyjama top over his head.

“Do you want your footies on, or just socks?”

“Footies please mum,” he mumbled.

Sue held his pants open for him, like he was a toddler, and he stepped into them without saying a word.

“Bed mister. Now.” She pulled the quilt back, exposing the thick red towel that had been placed over his bottom sheet.

By this stage, Dan was beyond any further embarrassment, and he climbed into bed without saying a word.

“I’m going to scrub the shower,” she told him, switching the light off. “I’ll be back in a minute to check on you. There’s a bucket beside your bed if you feel sick again.”

There didn’t appear to be any mess in the shower, but just to be safe, Sue sprinkled some powdered bleach, and gave it a quick scrub with the brush from under the sink. By the time she’d rinsed it out, less than ten minutes had passed. Leaving the bathroom light on, she cracked open the door into Danny’s bedroom, and saw that he was fast asleep, pacifier still in his mouth. He’d thrown the quilt off, and was lying on his back, legs slightly spread across the towel, and his night nappy was sticking out of his waistband. She thought he looked incredibly young and cute. Tip-toeing to the bed, she brushed his hair back and kissed him gently on his forehead, thankfully missing the bump. She pulled his blankets back over him, and quietly snuck from the room.

She really needed a cigarette.

*1010*2019-08-11 12:08

Chapter 55

Aiden was having a version of a recurring dream, one that used to happen oh too frequently, although less so these days, but always ended with the same results. In it, he was absolutely busting to do a piddle, but he was at school, and everyone was watching him. For some reason, he couldn’t use the boys room, and he was running around the playground holding himself desperately, knowing that he was about to have an accident.

He turned the corner of a building, and found salvation. There was a porta loo, with no one around. He hurried inside, shutting the door, just as he felt the first bit of slight warmth in the front of his pants. In his dream, he wasted no time in pulling them down, sitting on the toilet mere seconds before he lost complete control.

Ahhhh. The relief was amazing and instantaneous, although he was dimly aware of a mysterious spreading warmth underneath his bum.....

“Aiden? Wake up Tiger, time for school.” What the heck was his mum doing in the toilet with him, and why was she telling him that it was time for school? He was already at school. It didn’t make any sense.

“Come on son, wake up,” his mums voice insisted, and suddenly there was a weight on his shoulder, and he was being shaken.

The boy awoke with a start, feeling the last bit of hot liquid trickling down between his thighs, and spreading out around his bottom. He clamped his hand between his legs, but it was already too late, and he got a handful of saturated flannel pyjamas.

“Hey! You’re alive buddy,” his mother said, smiling at him as he opened his eyes. “What’s wrong Aiden?”

“Think I’m wet again,” he replied sadly, looking away.

His mother didn’t drop her smile. She patted him gently on the shoulder. “Don’t worry about it Tiger. Come on. Hop up and grab a shower. I’ll take care of your bed.”

He nervously pulled the blankets off, and looked down. His green Ben 10 pyjamas were soaked, as was the fluffy white towel that he slept on, for you know, “just in case.”

He sighed despondently, and swung his legs out from under his outer space themed doona, with its colourful pictures of planets, stars and spaceships on it.

“Go on sweetie, you run along and have a shower. I’ll bring your clothes in shortly.”

The little boy quickly did a hobbling duck walk down the hall, hoping that his big sister wouldn’t see him first.

A few minutes later, and he was in the shower, trying to cleanse his body of its shameful state, his pyjamas in a wet heap on the floor. His mother knocked, then entered without waiting to be invited, carrying his school clothes, and underwear for the day. Unlike Dan, Aiden didn’t flinch or try to turn away. His mother saw him naked all the time. After all, she had done so all his life, and as yet, nothing about his body had changed in any way to make him feel any different. It was strange in a way. He felt extreme embarrassment about his lack of development around other boys, but none around his mother, while most other boys his age were the complete opposite. They felt more embarrassed at the thought of their parents seeing them naked, rather than their friends.

“Thanks mum,” he said softly, as she collected his wet pj’s, soon to be added to his sodden bedding and taken to the laundry.

“It’s okay sweetie. Accidents happen. Now hurry up! Dads home for breakfast for a change, and he can even take you to school.”

Aiden turned and smiled through a veil of shampoo. She knew that would cheer him up.

As she stripped his bed, she smiled to herself. She had known last night that this would happen. It always did when the boy got over tired, like he was after camp yesterday. The signs had been easy to spot as well. Especially when he hadn’t been his usual talkative self, not even discussing his adventures at camp a lot, apart from admitting to her in private that yes, he had wet the bed on the first night.

Then, he had excused himself straight after dinner, and went to his room, instead of arguing with his sister over the television. The final clue had been a bit later, when she had surprised him with a mug of hot chocolate, and found him sprawled on his bedroom floor playing with his old action figures. When he was tired, his old toys usually made an appearance somewhere! Her smile turned into a grin as she remembered his startled reaction when she had walked in, and how he had blushed! She knew that he still liked to play sometimes, but he always tried to hide it, especially from his daddy.

She walked past the dining room on the way to the laundry, carrying the soiled laundry, and her husband raised an inquisitive eye.

“He wet again,” she said, by way of explanation. “He was tired Sean, don’t give him a hard time about it eh? He really can’t help it you know.”

Sean sighed. “I know that Beck. I really do. I don’t mean to give him a hard time at all, but I had hoped he’d have grown out of it by now. He’s thirteen, for Christ’s sake!”

“It doesn’t matter how old he his,” Rebecca explained, loading the sheets and pyjamas into the machine. “Thirteen is just a number. He’s still very small for his age. Some kids just take longer, that’s all. Remember what the doctor said?”

Sean smiled, nodding his head. “Yeah yeah yeah. I remember. I know it’s not his fault. I just wish we could help him. How did he go at camp?”

“Wet himself the first night,” she said grimly, and saw her husband wince.

“Ouch. Poor little guy. How did the other kids take it?”

“Dunno. He didn’t want to talk about it,” she told him. “But it looks like he made a few friends! They introduced him to their folks and everything. He was even sitting with them on the bus. They seem like nice boys, but they’re huge compared to him, especially this one boy, Matthew.”

“That’s great Honey,” her husband said with a smile. “I told you he’d enjoy it.”

“Sean, baby, I want to talk to you about his sleep wetting before he comes down, and especially before Caitlyn gets up.”

“So, talk,” he said, getting up to pour another coffee.

“Look babe. He IS getting better with it, you know that. His accident at camp, and again last night, are completely understandable. He was probably super excited, and a bit scared at camp, and last night, the poor little bugger was exhausted.”

“I know that Beck. I’m not upset. You know me better than that. What’s your point?”

“Well, his accident at camp was his first one in nearly two weeks. Before that, it was about three weeks ago. We all know he’s starting to get over it, but...”

“Buuuuut?” Sean echoed, winking at her.

She couldn’t help herself, and gave a chuckle. “Buuuuuut, even though he’s getting better, can you imagine how bad he must’ve felt at camp? Even if they didn’t pick on him, the poor kid must’ve been miserable waking up in a wet bed in front of his friends.”

Sean’s smile melted into a frown, and he nodded his head grimly. “I agree babe, he would’ve been. But what’s your point?”

She sighed, bracing herself for her next comment. “Well, are you still planning on taking him away with you on that job for Mario?”

Sean looked around nervously, putting a finger to his lips. “Shhhh! You know that’s supposed to be a surprise! I don’t want to tell him until he goes on holidays. I know he’s not looking forward to just staying home, moping around and playing by himself as usual. But yes, Mario rang me yesterday. I’ve got the painting contract, and the boy is more than welcome to come as well. Apparently there’s going to be a few kids going, but I’ve got no idea how many, or how old they are. But Tiger will definitely have other kids to play with at least. I reckon he’ll be wrapped to go away with me, especially when he finds out that other kids are going to be there! It’ll be a great chance for him to make some new friends.”

“I agree totally babe. I think it’s great. I just wish me and Caitlyn could come too. But have you thought about what’s going to happen if he has an accident up there? All these new kids are going to see it, and you’ll have to help him clean up, and do the laundry, wash his clothes, all that sort of stuff. It’ll be hard on him, and extra work for you as well.”

Sean scratched his chin thoughtfully. “As usual, you’re right Beck. But I do want to take him. He can’t just hide away here every night of his life. What do you expect me to do? Leave him home? Not take him?”

“No Sean, I want him to go with you, of course I do. But I don’t want him getting all upset, or making extra work for you to do.”

“So, whaddya want to do about it?”

“Sean, I know you don’t like it, but I really think we should get the little Tiger some night time protection to wear. Some pull ups or something.”

She knew Sean’s opinions on that, and saw him grimace, but she hurried on with her explanation. “I’m not saying full time. Just for the trip away. It could save him a lot of embarrassment, and you some extra laundry. If he spends all day running around and getting tired, it’s bound to happen at least once.”

“But babe. Don’t you think that could make him lazy? Like it doesn’t matter if he doesn’t pee before bed or something?”

“For Gods sake Sean! He’s not lazy! He can’t help it. Even if he was lazy, which he’s not, he certainly would’ve done everything in his power to not wet the bed at camp! I think we should relent, and get him some pull ups for the trip, just in case. Hey, you can still remind him to go before bed. It’s just some added insurance, that’s all.”

Sean sighed, but smiled. “As usual Beck, you’re right. You know I don’t really like my teenage boy wearing diapers. I really think that he’ll grow out of it a lot quicker if we don’t, uh, accomodate him? If that’s the right way of saying it?”

Becky started to protest, but he put his hand up to stop her.

“But like I said, I guess you’re right. It probably will go better for the little hurricane if he doesn’t have to worry about it so much. But, just for the trip, not after, agreed?”

“What trip dad?” An innocent little voice said, causing them to spin towards the door, where Aiden stood, dressed in his school uniform, but still barefoot, carrying his socks and shoes in his hands, which explained why they hadn’t heard him walking down the hall.

“Ah, nothing mate. I might have to go away for a few days for work, that’s all.”

Aidens cherubic face darkened. “Aww dad! Not on the school holidays? I thought we was going to do stuff together. That sucks. I wish I could come with you...”

Sean ruffled the small boys hair. “Don’t worry Tiger, I’m sure we’ll find heaps of stuff to do on your holiday. Now come on. Sit down and have some brekky. I’ll take you to school today, okay?”

The boy broke into a huge smile. “Thanks dad. That’d be awesome!”

——————————————-

Morning recess at St Marks was a lot quieter than usual on the junior campus. There were at least thirty students, probably more, absent from the grade eight classes. Some were sick, while some others were simply staying home after having such a full two days at camp.

Scott and Matt kicked a football back and forwards between themselves. It was better than doing nothing, but not as much fun without Ali and Dan. It was always better when you had to battle against an opponent. Aiden walked past, looking at them longingly, but he didn’t want to ask if he could play too. Danny wasn’t there, and while the two boys had been nice to him, he knew that he had a lot more in common with Dan. He decided to go find his friends from the year seven classes instead.

Unfortunately for Aiden, the word had spread about his night time accident at camp, courtesy of some grade eight boys telling their younger brothers, and the story had spread like wildfire. Although his usual playmates weren’t exactly mean to him, they were a bit standoffish, and a lot of the younger boys made fun of him. He soon gave up, and spent the rest of recess sitting by himself, watching Scott and Matt playing kick-to-kick, although they didn’t notice him.

“Man, it’s quiet without the guys here,” Scott remarked to the larger boy, as they headed towards the water fountain for a much needed drink before classes resumed. “What’re we gonna do at lunchtime? Same again?”

“Sorry Scotty. I’ve got that fucking lunchtime detention that Davies gave me, remember? Today and tomorrow.”

“Aww man! What the fuck am I s’posed to do then?”

Matt chuckled. “Dunno mate. I’ll swap you if ya like? You do my detention, I’ll hang around outside.”

Scotty chuckled, and put his arm around the bigger kids shoulders. “Nah buddy. I’ll be fine. You enjoy yourself, okay?”

The siren sounded, and they headed back to class, with Matthew explaining that he would have a ten minute window to eat his lunch, use the bathroom, and get to his punishment. Scotty thought that really sucked.

——————————————

At lunchtime, Scott and Matt sat together as usual, eating their lunch. The main topic of conversation was how grossly unfair it was that they had to attend school on Monday. Vacation was starting on Tuesday, something to do with a public holiday during the break, but the boys thought it was so stupid, having to come to school for just one day, before the two week break. Meanwhile, Aiden sat all by himself, trying to ignore the occasional jibes of “bed wetter,” or “baby” that the other boys directed at him.

He was beginning to feel very lonely, especially since the “little kids” didn’t want to play with him either. He supposed that he’d just spend the break sitting in the library, alone.

After he ate, Matt said goodbye to his mate, and headed to the boys room to relieve himself and wash his hands. As he was doing the latter, he saw Robbie walk in behind him, and was surprised when the big Aboriginal boy smiled at him.

“G’day Matt. Ya ready for this?”

Matt was surprised to say the least. “For what, big fella?”

“Detention you dork! Remember? I got it as well. For what I did to Aids.” He shrugged. “Guess I deserve it. It was a shitfull thing to do to the kid.”

Matt didn’t argue, but he waited for the bigger boy to wash his hands, and they walked out together, and headed for the detention room, making small talk about nothing in particular.

As they walked past Aiden, who had finished his lunch, and was about to go hide in the library, Matt was surprised when Robbie nodded at the boy, said hello, and continued on his way, saying nothing mean to him at all.

If Matthew was surprised, then Aiden was stunned. He’d seen the two big year eight boys approaching, and knowing that Rob was about to serve a detention because of him, and he was expecting some rudeness at best. He’d just hoped that Matt’s presence might stop the bigger boy from inflicting some sort of physical retribution on him. After the surprise greeting, Aiden made eye contact with Matt, who raised his eyebrows in a look of shared wonder with him. Feeling like he’d dodged a bullet, he sighed, now more relaxed, but still not looking forward to just sitting quietly by himself for the next fifty minutes. He dropped his rubbish in the bin, and with his head lowered, started the trek towards the library, where a lot of the other losers, nerds, dorks, and outcasts spent their time.

Scott has just finished his lunch, and was a bit surprised when he saw his mate walking up the quadrangle on his way to detention, side by side with Rob, the guy who had started the whole thing in the first place. He was more surprised when they passed Aiden, and the bigger kid had appeared to speak pleasantly to him. The momentary look of shock on Aidens face showed just how much he was surprised as well!

Scott sighed, feeling a bit lost. He was a popular kid amongst his peers, but he ALWAYS spent his break times with his oldest friends, and of late, Danny as well. Not knowing what to do with himself now, he picked up his football, and thought he may as well just put it back into his locker, as he couldn’t be bothered trying to find someone else to play with.

Then he noticed little Aiden trudging morosely towards the library, and had an idea.

“AIDEN! AIDS! YO! OVER HERE!”

The smallest boy in year eight flinched at first, expecting more teasing about his bed wetting episode to be shouted across the playground, although there was something familiar about that voice...

He turned around slowly, scanning the faces around him, until his eyes settled on Scott, looking at him expectantly.

Scott shouted and waved at him, wiggling the football around.

“Hey Aids! Wanna play?”

Aiden was stunned. Here was one of the popular kids singling him out, not for teasing or abuse, but actually asking him to play!

His face broke into a huge grin, and he started running towards his new friend.

“You betcha Scotty,” he shouted back in his high pitched, unbroken voice.

The eyes of dozens of boys in the playground looked on in disbelief, as the two boys ran towards the oval together.

———————————————

Rob and Matt were chatting away between themselves until they got to the door of the classroom where detention was held. They knew that for the next fifty minutes, they would be subjected to silent reading only, under the watchful gaze of Father Ryan, and it would be very boring.

However, upon entering the room, they found not the elderly priest, but Mr Davies, seated behind the raised desk at the front of the class.

“Welcome gentlemen. Please come in, and take a seat. I want you two to sit up here in the front row, beside each other.”

The two boys exchanged a slightly worried look, not understanding what was going on. Robbie was a veteran of detention, and although Matt was generally a good boy, he himself had spent a day or two in the room before. This was completely out of the ordinary. Usually, the kids were deliberately spaced away from each other, even sat in different rows, so there could be no communication or distraction of one another. But, they did as they were told, and took the two seats directly in front of the teachers desk. What happened next was an even bigger surprise. Mr Davies got up, walked around to the front of his desk, and perched casually on it, looking down upon the errant boys with a smile.

“Okay guys. Talk to me,” he said calmly. “You both know why you’re here. Tell me what happened.”

Neither boy spoke, but they did exchange a confused glance with each other.

“Come on boys. I’m not going to bite. Tell me what that little fracas was all about. Matthew?”

Matt was never overly talkative at the best of times, especially when talking to a teacher. He shrugged his shoulders. “Nothing much Sir. You were there. You saw it. But we kinda sorted it out now. We’re all good, aren’t we Rob?”

But before Rob could answer, the teacher tried again. “That’s excellent Mr Jackson. I’m pleased. As you get older, you’ll soon learn that life is too short to have enemies or carry grudges. I’m happy you boys have sorted your differences out. But that’s not what I asked, is it? I asked you to tell me, in your own words, what exactly happened.”

Matt shifted uncomfortably in his seat, not knowing where to look. He knew that the teacher had witnessed the entire incident, including Aiden getting pantsed, and he really didn’t want to drop Robbie in the shit again by going into too much detail.

“I guess I got angry at Robbie sir. I don’t think he meant any harm, but he kinda played a joke on little Aiden. You saw what happened sir. I’m sure Rob here didn’t know that like Aids was wearing a, um, like that thing he was wearing, but he was, and everybody laughed at him, and he got all upset. I guess I overreacted. You know. I didn’t think about it. I know I shouldn’t of done it sir. I just felt bad for Aids. That’s all.”

Mr Davies smiled. “Thank you Mr Jackson. Very eloquent. I’m sure it won’t happen again either.”

Turning his attention to Rob, he asked pretty much the same question. “Mr Williams. Care to tell me what happened in the Grand Hall please?”

Rob lowered his eyes. “I was being a dickhead sir, ah, I’m sorry, I meant...”

The teacher chuckled. “It’s ok Williams. I agree. You WERE being a dickhead. Just don’t let Father Ryan hear you say that! But why? Why were you being a dickhead?”

It was Robbies turn to shrug. “Dunno sir. I honestly didn’t mean anything bad by it. I never meant to hurt Aiden or anything, and I really didn’t know what he was wearing, I swear. It just kinda happened spontunelessley.”

“Spontaneously is the word your looking for Rob. But I get it. Please continue.”

“Well, I was walking behind him, and I saw he had baggy sweatpants on, and I just kinda got a sudden idea it’d be really funny if I pantsed him. It was a stupid idea. It just seemed like a good idea all of a sudden. Wish I hadn’t of done it though.”

“Why Rob? What changed your mind about it being funny or not?”

Robbie sunk lower in his seat, and looked straight down at his desk. “I guess after I crapped my pants on the bus yesterday sir, and everyone was looking at me and laughing behind my back, I sorta realised just how bad I made him feel. But it’s even worse for him, cause he’s so small like. Everyone picks on him a bit. They don’t do that to me, cause I’m a lot bigger. Even today, I’ve heard a couple of smart cracks about me having an accident, but not much. But I feel real bad because Aids is copping heaps of jokes and stuff, and I guess it’s my fault. I’m sorry sir.”

Mr Davies had hoped for a response like that, but was also wary of just being paid lip service by the boy, who had a well earned reputation of being a smart mouth. But the teacher could tell right away that the boy was being honest. They both were.

“Ok guys. Here’s my plan. As you know, I usually teach the year 10 boys. I usually only fill in for your year when a teacher is away or something, although it looks like I might be teaching you juniors on a more regular basis in future.”

“Why’s that sir?” Robbie asked.

“Two reasons Rob. There’s a vacancy, and I enjoy it. Simple as that.”

He stood up, and did a slow walk across the room.

“But, one thing I will still be doing with the senior classes, is a little pet project of mine, an idea that I put forward to Father Ryan, who agreed it was worth trialling.”

“What’s that sir?” Matthew asked, sounding genuinely intrigued.

“Glad you asked, Jackson,” he replied with a smile.

“I, with the help of Father Ryan, am establishing an Anti-Bullying committee, to be chiefly run by representatives of the student body. My original plan, was for it to be the domain of the year twelve Prefects, and a couple of year eleven boys, but after witnessing what went on between you three, I thought having a couple of representatives from the junior school would be a good idea as well. After all, it IS usually the junior boys that get bullied the most.”

Matt and Rob looked at each other, wondering exactly where this was going.

“Now you two just happen to be the biggest boys from the junior school, and although I know that Mr Williams here doesn’t exactly have an unblemished record on the subject of bullying, I think that after his unfortunate experience on the bus, he may have a much better idea of how uncomfortable it is to be picked on, am I right Mr Williams?”

Rob nodded bashfully, not looking directly at the teacher.

“Now, this little committee of mine will be worth extra credits to those students who are on it, which can come in awfully handy at report card time, especially for those students who are, um, less than exemplary accademically, if you get my drift?”

The boys did, and both nodded. Neither of them were straight A students by a long way.

“In short, gentlemen, I would like to invite the pair of you to work side by side, as the junior representatives on the soon-to-be-officially-formed, St Marks anti bullying committee! Whaddya say boys? Want to help make a difference?”

Both boys looked at each other and grinned.

*1012*2019-08-12 22:44

Chapter 56. Finally reunited!

It was Saturday at last, and although he had woken up with a wet diaper for the second day in a row, Dan was in a good mood. He was finally going to see his girlfriend again, after nearly a whole week.

He had felt better on Thursday morning, although not 100%, so he had stayed home from school, and Sue refused to let him go out visiting that night. On Friday, he had attended school again, but Amy and Sonia has gone out for dinner that evening with her grandmother and her sister, Alison, so their plans had been put on hold once more.

But now, finally, they could catch up. Unbeknownst to them, their mothers had a secret agenda of their own. Sue had told Sonia about the project up north, and she was very interested in going as well, so they were going to have a good chat about it over coffee, probably at a cafe, where they could keep it a secret from their kids. Pete would be back on Monday, and Sue was trying to arrange a big meeting for that evening, probably at Paul’s house, as he had the big family room underneath where Scott and his buddies held their sleepovers, and that could easily accommodate all the various tradesmen, wives, and kids.

After his shower, Dan dressed in jeans and a hoodie, and was busily devouring his breakfast of bacon and eggs. It appeared that his healthy appetite had certainly returned. By 9AM, he was starting to get fidgety, and just wanted to leave. Sue got sick of his constant nagging, and set him a few tasks to do first, telling him for the third or fourth time that no, they wouldn’t be leaving until at least eleven.

By 10:45, he was putting his shoes on, and trying to hurry his mother up, as he fidgeted around nervously.

“Danny, for God’s sake settle down! We’ll leave in a minute, okay?”

He sighed, and she noticed him give a light, distracted pull at the front of his jeans.

“Do you need to go to the toilet before we leave?”

“Aw come on mum. Not this again. I told you before, I can work out when I need to go without you constantly telling me, remember?”

“Suit yourself mate. It’s your call. What’re you wearing under your jeans. Have you packed a change of clothes, just in case?”

The boy blushed. It was funny, as soon as his mother had mentioned going to the toilet, he had realised that he actually did need to go, something he hadn’t quite noticed beforehand. Now, she was reminding him to take his bag, when he hated to admit, but he had forgotten.

“Uh, I’m not wearing anything except undies mum. We’re not going out anywhere, just hang around and watch tv. I won’t need a diaper today.”

“Really Danny? After the other night? You think that’s a good idea?”

“Come on mum,” he replied, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. Damn it! He really did need to pee now she had pointed it out! He had been too busy trying to rush out the door early to realise it until then.

“My stomachs all better now. I haven’t got the runs anymore.”

“Ok mate. I don’t care,” Sue told him. “You’re the one who will have to deal with it. Not me. But I do want you to take your bag, with a change of clothes, especially if you’re not going to wear a diaper. Just in case you do get wet or something.”

By now, Dan was actually starting to feel his urgency getting uncomfortable. But he didn’t want his mother to know that she had been right, so taking his chance, he mumbled “Fine, fine,” and tried his best to nonchalantly walk from the room without showing it.

A second later, Sue heard his feet thumping up the stairs in a terrific hurry, and she didn’t need to be watching to know that he probably had a hand buried in his crotch as he ran. She shook her head.

Danny made it to the toilet just in time, getting himself clear of his jeans only seconds before the dam burst, and he drew in a shaky breath as his bladder emptied itself with him having little to no control over it.

It was a close call, and it worried him, with the memory of the other night burning in his mind, and what it had felt like to lose control of his bowels. He felt very sheepish as he washed his hands, then swapped his underpants for a camouflage pull up, and packed his bag with a change of pants and extra diapers. Just in case.

They arrived at Sonia’s house by 11:30, and Amy was out the door and meeting the car in the driveway before it even pulled up. Sue grinned when she saw the girl, who today was dressed in an adorable pair of short bib overalls, with a pink shirt underneath, and fluffy pink socks. Her hair was done in two high pigtails, and she didn’t wear a trace of makeup. Not for the first time did Sue notice how age fluid she was. Today she could’ve almost passed for a twelve year old, except for her large breasts and womanly curves, which belied her somewhat childish attire. There was nothing childish about the way that her son was kissing her either. It wasn’t a passionate kiss, but they held tight to each other and pressed their lips together furiously.

“Get a room guys,” Sue muttered, as she went inside to join her friend.

“Hi darling, great to see you,” she said to Sonia, as they exchanged a much more delicate peck on the cheeks with each other. “I tell you Son, those two worry me sometimes,” as the boy and girl ran past them, holding hands and giggling like little kids.

“Meh. What’re we going to do?” Sonia replied. “Lock them up? They’re kids. At least they’ve both got each other to lean on.”

“As long as they only lean!” Sue said with a wry smile, and her best friend laughed.

“So, want to tell me the details of this working holiday of Pete’s?”

“Not now mate. Let’s wait until we go to lunch. I don’t want little ears overhearing stuff until Monday....”

Inside Amy’s room, she kicked the door shut behind them, even though she knew she wasn’t supposed to, and led her boyfriend to her double bed, where she put her arms around his neck, and dragged him down on top of herself, making the plastic sheet crinkle loudly. Dan took most of his own weight on his arms, but he lay gently on top of her, now kissing her with a lot more passion than he had dared to use in front of his mum, and he ground his diapered pelvis against hers, as she lifted her legs, locking her socked feet behind his bottom.

He felt his boyhood go instantly hard, and it felt nice as his warm but dry padding mushed itself against him. Amy’s diaper was a little bit wet, as she had leaked a bit from excitement when the car had pulled up, but now she was starting to feel a new, more slippery wetness rubbing on her moist padding.

“I’ve missed you so much, Catholic Boy,” she whispered, and he kissed her very gently on the tip of her pert little nose.

“Me too, Catholic girl,” then they rolled over, and she was suddenly sitting on his lap, pressing down on his erect penis, and rotating her hips as she looked down on him. She wasn’t wearing a bra, and he could see her hardened nipples pressing firmly against her loose fitting t-shirt, every time she moved in a certain way.

“You, ah, probably should stop moving like that,” he warned her in a shaky voice.

She gave him an evil grin, pressing her weight down even harder. “Why’s that, Danny Boy? Dontcha like it?”

He groaned. “I actually like it too much Ames. You know what’ll happen if you keep doing that....”

“Aww. Will little Danny go cummies in his pants again?”

He felt his rock hard penis give a warning twitch.

“I mean it Ames. You better stop...”

“What’re you gonna do about it Catholic Boy?”

He grinned back. “Just this,” and dug two fingers sharply into her ribs.

Amy squealed at the top of her lungs, and stood on her knees, lifting her weight off his lap, and probably just in time. He grabbed her and twisted, and she fell face down on the bed, and he jumped onto her padded bottom, and kept tickling her ribs gently but constantly, and she shrieked loudly, trying to twist her way out from underneath him.

“Stop! Stop! Stop! Danny! Stop! I going to pee,” she squealed, trying to keep her voice down.

“Oh, are you,” he replied. “Then, (jab) Little (poke) Amy (tickle) will (poke, jab) need her (tickle) didee changed!”

“Oh. Oh. You bastard. Ugh. I’m peeing,” she said through tears of laughter. “STOP!”

Sue and Sonia heard the shouting and laughter from the kitchen, where the were waiting for the kettle to boil.

“Oi! You two! Keep it down. Behave yourselves!” Sonia shouted, looking down the hall. “And open your door please Amy! You know the rules!”

A few seconds of silence, then the door opened a fraction, and her daughter stuck her head out.

“Sorry mummy,” she said innocently, before her head disappeared inside her room again.

“We make them keep their doors open, but then we leave them alone with each other,” Sue pointed out to her friend.

“They’re only kids, darling,” Sonia replied with a wry smile. “What else can we do? Chain them up? Watch them constantly? Besides, if they really want to get up to mischief, they will. They’ll always find a way.”

“That’s exactly what worries me, darling,” Sue said with a shake of her head.

Danny had frozen on the bed after Sonia’s shouted warning, and he looked anxiously at Amy, standing with her head out the door.

“Lookit what you made me do,” she said quietly, turning around to face him, and he saw a dark wet patch the size of a tennis ball between her legs.

“You made me piddle laying on my stomach, you meanie. My nappy got all wet and leaky.”

Dan felt himself stirring again. “I’m sorry babe. I can help you change if you like?”

“Maybe later,” she said with a wink. “After our mums have gone. Look! You made me get my cute new overalls all wet.”

She spread her legs, and pulled at the wet denim, spreading it wider, and looking at it mock-sorrowfully. It wasn’t a huge wet spot, but the light blue washed denim showed off where her diaper had leaked perfectly. Suddenly, she grabbed at the wet spot and clamped her legs together.

“ Ohhhhh, I haven’t finished yet,” she said teasingly.

Dan watched on, as her right thumb headed towards her mouth, and she started gnawing nervously at her thumbnail, before opening her legs slightly, but leaving her left hand there, while she made direct eye contact with him.

Dans eyes were quickly drawn to her thighs however, as a single dark thread appeared on the inside of her left leg, snaking down towards her knee.

The sound of approaching footsteps broke the spell that had fallen over them, and quick as a flash, Amy ran into her adjoining bathroom, closing the door behind her, only seconds before Sonia walked in the slightly open door without knocking.

Dan was sitting on the bed, with his legs tightly crossed, feeling his erection beating in time with his pulse, and hoping to God it wouldn’t be noticeable if he stayed seated.

“Amy, we’re going now, we’re not going to.....Amy?”

Not trusting himself to speak, Danny pointed towards the bathroom door. He felt like he was glowing bright red, but Sonia didn’t appear to notice, and she knocked on the closed door.

“Are you alright baby?”

Amy’s voice echoed back, sounding a bit glum.

“Yeah. But I hadda bit of an accident mummy. My diaper leaked. I was laughing too much I think. Sorry.”

Sonia sighed. “You know you don’t have to apologise Amy. Are you okay? Need a hand?”

The door cracked open, just enough for her innocent looking face to appear.

“I’m okay mum. But could you maybe fetch my new jeans from my drawer?”

Sonia smiled. “Of course sweetie. Anything else?”

“No thanks mummy. I just need to get changed. I’ll put these straight into the washing, okay?”

Sonia agreed, and told both kids that they were leaving for a little while, and not to get up to any mischief. They were being trusted to behave themselves together whilst no adult was there, and they hastily assured her that they would.

Dan even left the room with her, going to the kitchen to say goodbye to his mother while his girlfriend got changed.

“Everything okay?” Sue asked when they had returned without the girl.

“Yeah, Amy just had a little accident,” Sonia replied. “She’s getting changed.”

Dan thought they he really should say something. “We were laughing too much,” he explained, feeling somehow embarrassed.

“Oh, we heard,” Sue informed him.

“You go wait in the lounge room mister,” she instructed firmly. “Stay out of her room until we get back, okay? That’s an order.”

Dan nodded sheepishly, and slunk into the lounge, hoping their folks would just hurry up and leave already. It felt really awkward explaining to your mother, and your girlfriends mother, that she had wet her pants while the pair of them had been mucking around. He hoped Amy would hurry up and get changed, he wanted to spend as much time with her as possible, even if they didn’t do a lot.

A minute later, their mothers came in to say goodbye, and shout their goodbyes down the hall to Amy. Sue pulled her son aside for one last word of warning.

“Remember what I said Daniel. You stay out of her room until we get back, and for Gods sake, keep your hands to yourself and behave! Both of you. You guys are being trusted here.”

He looked abashed. “I will mum. We won’t do anything. Promise.”

She gave him a smile, and a quick peck of a kiss on the forehead. “Good lad. Remember, we won’t be gone long....”

As the adults left, the boy thought about what his mother had said. He guessed that they deserved a warning. They really were starting to get a lot more physical with each other around their parents. He decided that from now on, they should start being a lot more circumspect about their behaviour when their mums were around.

He was drawn out of his thoughts with the arrival of Amy, standing in the doorway, blushing slightly, still wearing her pee stained shortalls.

“Danny, I thought you were going to help me get changed?”

All thoughts of being on his best behaviour instantly vanished, and he took her hand and led her back to her bedroom, where this time, he closed the door.

*1015*2019-08-15 07:57

Chapter 57

“So what’s this big trip entail?” Sonia asked her friend, as she stirred some sugar into her latte.

“There’s a friend of Pete’s, who’s a developer. He’s always building or renovating commercial property. We’ll explain it in detail on Monday night. But, in a nutshell, he’s asked Pete to organise a team of tradesmen for his latest pet project, so we’re busy trying to put a crew together. Good money, free accommodation, admittedly at a caravan park, but the place will be empty, except for the crew. The kids can run amok, and it’s right next to the beach!”

But what are WE going to do up there darling? I’m not going to be clambering around up ladders, that’s for sure!”

Sue laughed. “Don’t panic sweetie, neither will I. But there’s lots of vans that will need cleaning, and we’ll cook meals for the guys, and look after the kids of course.”

Sonia looked dubious. “So you’re saying I’m going to spend my time cooking, cleaning, and looking after the kids. It’s not exactly a villa in Bali, is it?”

Sue laughed. “You weren’t going to Bali anyway, and what exactly do you think you were going to be doing at home? Especially with our two! No doubt just that, plus taxi duties as well, or trying to keep bored teenagers amused, which undoubtedly will cost money. This way, you can actually earn some, so can the kids, and trust me, there’s going to be a lot of stuff going on as well to keep them occupied!

Let’s see, there’s going to be a ...”

For the next few minutes, Sue regaled Sonia with all the details, and by the end of her sales pitch, her friend was completely on board with the idea. She had to admit, it sounded perfect.

“But, I need at least one other lady,” Sue said. “Any suggestions?”

Sonia sipped her coffee thoughtfully, then inspiration struck.

“Paula Peters!” She exclaimed triumphantly. “This would be perfect for her!”

“Who’s that? I don’t think I know her?”

“You know that little Nikki girl? The one that our two hang around with? It’s her mother.”

She lowered her voice.

“I don’t think she’s got a lot of money. I had coffee with her awhile back, when she dropped Nikki off. She’s a really nice lady. But she was telling me that she works two jobs, and was taking time off while Nikki and her brother were on holidays, but it sounded to me like she was really worried about money because of it. They were just staying home and doing nothing. It would be perfect for her! She could still get paid, and her sweet little Nikki could come away with her friends. Amy and Danny would like that as well no doubt. It would give her and the kids a much needed break. I don’t think they’ve been away anywhere in years!”

“It sounds good,” Sue admitted with a clap of her hands. “Do you think she’d be interested?”

Sonia pulled out her phone. “Only one way to find out mate!”

Not long after, Sue had introduced herself to Nikki’s mother, and given her the same condensed version of the trip that Sonia had received.

“If you can come to our team meeting on Monday night, all the details will be revealed. But don’t say anything to Nikki yet! We’re trying to keep it a secret from the kids.”

Paula sighed. “It sounds absolutely perfect Sue. I really appreciate you and Sonia thinking about me, really I do. I know that Nikki has been a bit worried about the holidays. Her and her boyfriend Scott have been trying to make all sorts of plans, but they all cost money.”

A lightbulb went off in Sues head.

“Hang on Paula! This Scott boy. Does he go to St Marks? Is he friendly with a Matthew and Ali? An Indian boy?”

The puzzlement in Paula’s voice was obvious.

“Yes, how did you know that?”

Sue shrieked with laughter, and put her phone on speaker so Sonia could hear.

“Oh my God! Your Nikki is friends with Amy. Amy’s boyfriend is my son, Danny! Those boys are his best mates! They all know each other! Most of that little gang are going too!”

Paula burst into laughter as well. “Oh dear! I’ll admit, it does sound perfect! Well, almost. But I still can’t go. I’ve got an older boy as well, he’s only seventeen. I can’t leave him on his own for a week. Besides, he’s finishing school this year, and I’m helping him with his resume, and we’re going to be dropping them off, and emailing them out. He really wants to get an apprenticeship started as soon as school finishes.” The disappointment in her voice was obvious.

“What’s he want to do?” Sue enquired.

“He really wants to do a trade,” Paula informed them. “He doesn’t want to go to University, and quite frankly, we probably couldn’t afford to send him anyway.”

Sonia and Sue exchanged a knowing smile.

“Bring him along too!” Sue told her with a chuckle. “There’s going to be tradesmen galore up there. He can get some experience doing some labouring, because the guys will all need a hand. They’ll pay him of course, and you never know, he might just find a job out of it at the end!”

Paula was stunned. “Do you really think he might? Would that be ok? He’s trying really hard, and trying to save as much money as he can. I’m sure he’d love to earn some extra money and get some experience.”

“Of course it’s alright darling,” Sue told her. “Obviously I can’t promise him a real job out of it, but the guys will be happy to pay him, and provide him with some good references at least, if he works hard of course.”

“Oh don’t worry, he’ll work his ass off,” Paula assured them. “He’s so desperate for a trade apprenticeship of some sort.”

“What’s his name?” Sue asked.

“Troy,”

“Well you bring Troy and Nikki with you on Monday night,” Sonia insisted, then Sue gave her the address.

Paula burst into laughter. “Of course! It’s young Scott’s place isn’t it? Don’t worry! I know how to get there!”

The three mothers all burst into laughter together.

———————————————

Meanwhile, back at home, Daniel and Amy were sharing a passionate embrace in the bedroom. They stood facing each other, and Dan was kissing her like there was no tomorrow, as they rubbed their hands all over each other.

Amy affected her “little girl” voice, as she looked into his eyes.

“Danny, my diaper is all wet and leaky. Will you help me change it? Please?”

Dan had his left hand on her right breast, feeling the hardened nub of her nipple poking his palm through her t-shirt. “I better check,” he whispered.

His hand slid down between her legs, directly onto the round wet spot on her shortalls, and he squeezed her gently, feeling her diaper squash beneath his gentle grip. “Mmmm mmmm. You are wet, little Amy. Are you sure you want me to help you?”

She kissed him again, harder than before. “Uh huh.”

They broke apart, and with shaking hands, he managed to undo the clips on her bib, then slid them down, so she could step out of them. He lifted her shirt up to her belly button, and looked at the sagging, discoloured nappy that hung slightly between her legs.

“I looks very wet Ames. Are you sure you want me to take it off?”

“Of course I do, silly,” she told him, still talking little. “But maybe I should make absolutely sure that I’m empty first. I don’t want to piddle on the floor.”

She lifted her shirt up, spread her socked feet apart, and squatted down low, like she would if she peed behind her pool. She gave a slight push, and was instantly rewarded with a slight burst of warm wetness spreading between her padded thighs, making her big pull up swell even more. It wasn’t much, but she knew that now she was completely empty, and no chance of making a mess once her nappy was removed.

“All done,” she said softly. “Now why don’t you take those jeans of yours off as well?”

Dan did better than that. He kicked his shoes off, then his jeans, and finally his hoodie, leaving himself dressed exactly as Amy was, in socks, a t-shirt, and a diaper.

They came together once more, and without talking about it, they helped each other out of their shirts, then rubbed each other’s nipples, watching breathlessly as they both hardened, while feeling the same tingling sensation deep inside their diapers.

Amy slid her hand into the front of Dans camouflage kiddy pull up, and he moaned as she gently gripped his swollen shaft. Not too long ago he would’ve been scared of having an accidental “pre-emptive” strike of a different variety in her hand, but he was beginning to learn a bit more about self control now, although he wouldn’t trust himself too much if she moved her hand around a lot.

Taking his cue from her, as always, his hand slid down the front of her diaper, gently probing at her sex, while the wet padding rubbed provocatively against the back of her hand. She sighed with pleasure, closing her eyes and tilting her head back.

“You’re still dry,” she whispered, “but maybe we should take that pull up off anyway?”

She stepped around him, and sat on the bed, feeling the wet mushiness pressing against her bottom, then drew him in close to stand in front of her.

“At ease little soldier. Put your hands behind your back, that’s an order.”

Once he was “at ease,” she slowly slid his pull up down, freeing his boyhood, which obviously wasn’t taking any orders, as it stood at full attention. Not for the first time did she look in amazement at how much size difference there was between him being soft, and being hard. It was almost like he had two different “things” there, that he could change at will.

Dans breath caught in his throat as she leaned forward, and kissed it gently on the tip, tasting a saltiness there that was different from anything she had ever tasted before.

For the briefest of moments, she almost succumbed to the temptation of going further, and doing that naughty thing that she knew some girls did, and her mouth opened slightly for a second, before a voice inside her head warned her that she was about to cross a line, a big line. A grownup line. One they had already discussed in detail previously, and declared that they weren’t ready to cross.

Yet.

Instead, she kissed him gently “down there” again, then laid back on the bed, looking at him expectantly.

Dan used his feet to drag his socks off, and now completely naked, he stood over her, and gently pulled her wet diaper down and over her socks.

She wiggled her feet at him.

“Sockies as well?”

“Nah. Let’s leave them on,” he told her with a grin, which she returned easily. She knew how much he liked seeing her in her socks.

“Here Danny, use these,” she said shyly, passing him a package of wet wipes that she kept beside her bed.

Daniel pulled one out, and Amy bent her legs, and lifted her feet, fully exposing herself to him. The boy shuffled under her raised legs, and she let her feet rest on his back, as he slowly and gently started wiping the pee from her private area. He took his time, and worked his way around her inner thighs, under her buttocks, and all over the tight blonde curls that covered the lower part of her girlhood.

As he wiped, she tightened her leg grip on his torso, trapping him there, while occasionally lifting her bottom up, pressing into his hand, increasing the pressure on her erogenous zone.

When he was sure that she was clean, he lowered his mouth to her sex, and inhaled her aroma. He kissed her there ever so gently, and she thrust her groin into his face with need.

Sliding his body up, she kissed him on his lips, and could smell and taste herself on them. He took a nipple in his mouth, and drew it in, making her arch her back once more, while her fingernails racked across his, leaving slight trails behind.

Eventually, there bodies started grinding against each other, as sheer animal instinct, forged by countless generations before them, took over, and his erection brushed against her moist opening.

Without thinking, the boy put a hand down there, grabbing himself, and guiding it towards her vagina. His tip brushed against it, but she twisted her body away at the last moment, and whispered “No. that’s enough Dan.”

Suddenly, his head cleared, and he realised exactly what he had been about to do, and he pulled back, looking at her a bit shamefully.

“I’m sorry babe. I didn’t mean to do that. I wasn’t thinking, and....”

She put an index finger to his lips and said “Shhhh, it’s okay Danny. I understand. I love you. Believe me, I wanna do that to. But not yet. Okay?”

He rolled off the top of her, to lay beside, his breath coming in sharp pants, looking embarrassed.

“But we can still do other stuff,” she said, slipping him a wink, while she took a handful of wet wipes for herself, and gently wrapped his throbbing member in the cool slippery cloth.

While she stroked him, he stroked her with a bare hand, and it didn’t take long for them to start bucking and moaning in time with each other.

Amy felt a deep tingling feeling rushing up from deep inside her body, and Dan watched her toes curling inside her fluffy pink socks, as her thighs clamped tightly together, trapping his hand.

He was beginning to feel a budding volcanic like explosion of his own starting, as her hand tightened its grip on his member.

They reached their climaxes at the same time, and Dan felt a wet warmth hitting his hand, as his girlfriend wet herself a little bit as she came. She felt his organ pulsing through the wet wipes, a second before a wet stickiness hit the moist cloth, then dripped onto her hand.

“I love you so much, Danny boy,” she whispered.

*1020*2019-08-16 23:56

This is admittedly a bit of a filler, just to get everyone together for the big announcement. One more chapter to set the details up, then we march on with part five,

“Daniel And Amy Go On Holidays!”

Honestly, from when I got the idea, when the boys were going to bed at camp, to now, has been a logistical nightmare! It’s not easy to juggle so many characters around so they can all suddenly go away together! But I think it worked.

I cant wait to explain my ideas about the trip in the next chapter, then I’m absolutely brimming with new ideas and experiences for the gang when they get there.

Part 5 will be big!

Thanks again to everyone who is sticking with it. I don’t think it’s got a massive audience, but those regular readers seem to be enjoying it as much as I am, which is the important thing.

Also, early apologies here. It’s currently 8am Saturday morning in Perth, and I have a massive weekend in front of me, so I may not get another update in for a couple of days, which is killing me, because I really want to get on with it! But thanks for your patience if I don’t

Chapter 59

Jacks truck was already in the driveway behind Pauls, so the Jacobs family parked on the street. Scott and Matt were kicking a soccer ball around on the front lawn, while their fathers watched on, drinking beer and leaning against the cars. The car had barely pulled to a halt when Dan reefed the door open, and ran over to join his friends.

Sue and Peter went at a much more sedate pace, walking up the drive to greet the men. Jack was already waiting with a beer held out for Pete, and a kiss on the cheek for Sue. Paul led her inside to where Scott’s mum Mary, was bustling around in the kitchen, preparing snacks. “Thank God another woman has finally arrived,” she said dramatically. “There’s way too much testosterone in the house at the moment! Come have a wine with me my dear.”

While the boys played soccer, Pete filled the other two tradesmen in on what he needed from them. He’d already spoken to them on the phone about it, but of course there were always a lot of extra details. The veil of secrecy surrounding the trip was mostly for the benefit of surprising the kids, and by now, most of the adults involved knew the basics at least.

“I’m in,” Paul said with a grin. “Sounds great.” He held his stubbie of beer out.

Jack clinked it with his own. “Try and keep me away,” he laughed.

Pete clinked in with his own. “Excellent. I think this’ll be a blast!”

“I might start putting the boys to work already,” Paul said.

“OI! YOU THREE! Fancy cooking the barbecue tonight?”

The boys immediately paused their game, looking up expectantly. It was a bit of an honour to be put in charge of an adult task like barbecuing, so of course they wanted to do it!

“Go on then. Make sure you wash your hands, then go get the sausages and stuff from your mum please Scott. Can you light it?”

Scott assured his dad that he could definitely light it okay, and the three boys hurried off.

“SCOTTY! BALL!”

Scott ran back red faced to collect the errant soccer ball that they had just abandoned on the lawn.

“I hope the little buggers will be that keen to do some real work when we get there,” Jack mumbled, and the three men laughed.

Soon, the boys were busy cooking, arguing with each other over the correct way to do absolutely everything. Suddenly, they were all experts on the grill, with different ideas about everything from when to turn the food, to how high to set the flame. They were so intent on making sure they did a good job, that at first they didn’t hear the patio door sliding open behind them.

“Wow! Who put a bunch of stupid boys in charge of cooking?”

They looked up, and saw Amy and Nikki standing there smiling at them.

Matt was suddenly left in charge of turning the sausages, while Scotty and Dan almost fell over each other as they rushed towards their girlfriends.

Whatever was happening tonight just kept getting stranger, but all five kids were starting to get very excited.

*1024*2019-08-18 23:45

{{On 8/17/2019 at 3:41 PM, bobillyjo said:

Agreed with the others, been following this since the beginning, but I don't tend to comment. I'm sure there's other lurkers like me.

I'm amazed at how much the characters have developed naturally over the course of the story. You're a great writer!

Hope you go back to Gemma's Wet Weekend at some point. That's a favorite of mine.

Ashley and diaper sex and Toris Story were awesome as well.

}}

Thank you! I’m almost blushing, lol.

I do intend to start “Gemma” again, but it will probably be after I get a lot of my ideas for this story out of my head. I really enjoyed writing Gemma, and it’s a definite for my to-do list.

&&

