Harry's Accident

Author: HarryPotterFan

*000*2012-02-06 01:43

I'm not sure if this is good or not, so please tell what you think! It's not exactly my first fanfiction, but it's the first one i've posted on here.

Harry Potter shifted in his seat for the third time in his Transfiguration class. He was cursing his stupidity of not going before class. They were only 15 minutes into the lesson and Harry sincerely hoped he could hold it until the end of class.

Twenty minutes later Harry was barely able to focus on what McGonagall was saying. The pressure in his abdomen seemed to be almost constantly building, making him squirm and cross his legs tightly. Hermione, who was sitting on his left, looked at him questionably.

"Are you all right?" she whispered, the concern evident in her voice.

"I'm fine." lied Harry. She looked unconvinced but turned back to McGonagall anyway. Harry bit his lip slightly, resisting the urge to grab his crotch. His bladder felt as if it were about to burst. He thought about asking McGonagall if he could go, but knew the answer would be no. She never let anyone leave her classroom. He bit back a whimper as he felt a spurt leak out, damping his boxers. He grabbed his crotch as discreetly as he could in an attempt to not wet himself in the middle of class. He only had ten minutes left. He could do it. At least, he hoped so.

Two minutes till class was over, and Harry almost knew for sure he wouldn't make it. The only thing stopping him from wetting right there and then was his hand clutching himself tightly. He squirmed more, willing himself to hold on. He saw Ron and Hermione glance at him questionably a few times. He bit his lip harder as a longer spurt escaped from his body. There was a small wet spot the size of a galleon on his trousers.

The class was dismissed and he gathered his stuff quickly, keeping his legs crossed tightly. He felt another spurt come out and he gave up trying to stand. He knew the moment he stood up he would lose all control. He noticed the only people left in the room were Ron, Hermione, and Professor McGonagall. "Mr. Potter, are you alright?" McGonagall asked. She could see the boy was obviously in some sort of distress and his body was quite tense.

"I'm fine." lied Harry softly, knowing all to well he was far from fine. Ron and Hermione had stood with their stuff an were both giving him questionable looks.

"Mate, you don't look fine." stated Ron. Harry didn't answer though, he only gasped as a painful spasm ran through his bladder, causing him to clutch himself tightly and squirm even more heavily to stop from losing it all. This movement made all three of the other occupants of the room realize Harry's predicament. Hermione an Ron both looked at Harry sympathetically, not knowing what they could do as their friend squirmed desperately in front of them.

McGonagall felt bad for the poor boy, wondering why he hadn't spoken up about his need during class. Oh well, that couldn't be helped now. She walked over to the raven haired child that was squirming with his face contorted in pain, and bent down to his level.

"Harry, come on you can make it, just stand up alright?" she said softly, feeling her heart ache for the boy.

Harry whimpered slightly as his bladder pulsed. "I-I don't think I can." he whispered mortifiedly. He tensed his body up even more as his bladder started to give. But, no matter how hard he held himself or how much he squirmed, he was losing the battle.

McGonagall could see the pain and panic in his eyes, an felt even worse for the little lion.

"It's alright, you can do it." she urged, although she wasn't sure he could stand, let alone make it to a bathroom. Hermione and Ron were both watching the scene in horror, feeling bad for their friend.

Harry just shook his head, unable to concentrate enough to form words. He knew he couldn't stand as the wet patch on his pants started to grow around his fingers. His aching bladder was releasing. He could do nothing to stop the flood that slowly started to seep onto the chair, dribbling onto the floor. It was like a dam had been released as the urine poured out of him and his body sagged in relief. "Im sorry." he whimpered as the floor under the chair began to have a puddle form on it as the urine flowed off the chair like a waterfall.

McGonagall stepped back slightly to avoid the puddle but was wearing a look of compassion. She could only imagine how mortified he was. She waited until the flow stopped coming from Harry before taking her wand and swiftly cleaning up the mess. She turned to look at the other two teenagers in the room and gestured for them to leave, knowing Harry probably wouldn't want them there at the moment. They both hesitated before leaving.

Harry felt his face burn in embarrassment as he finished an the mess was cleaned up.

"Come with me to my office." McGonagall said softly, reaching out a hand to the boy. Harry nodded slightly and took the professors hand, looking down at the floor in embarrassment as he stood. He walked with McGonagall to her office and sat in the chair she steered him too.

McGonagall got some tea quickly and handed him a cup before taking one for herself. She waited a minute before speaking.

"Harry, you do not have to worry about anyone else finding out about this incident, I assure you." she stated, not wanting him to worry.

"Thank you professor." he said quietly, although you could hear the gratefulness in his voice.

"But also, don't ever be afraid to ask to leave class to use the bathroom. Im sure you dont want another incident like this." she said softly, yet firmly.

"Yes professor." he said, planning on takin the women's advice.

They sat and drank their tea for a couple more minutes before McGonagall let a not so embarrassed anymore Harry leave with a note for being late to his next class. Harry headed off to class, thankful the incident was over.

*002*2012-02-06 02:50

Thanks! :)

*005*2012-06-16 10:39

Thanks! :) I get the hint...I'll try and write a story, I've been thinking about it for a while anyway. :D

*008*2012-06-28 19:29

Thank you! :)

