Just a little longer

Author: bes31

*000*2013-10-24 06:08

Just a Little Longer

"Just a little longer." Melissa FitzSimmons had been muttering that to herself for a while now. She was stationed, or trapped as she would have put it under a long branch of an oak tree. Beneath her was a simple plaid picnic blanket and small bunches of food, and few drinks. Next to the young lady was Harry Dunn, the man in this relationship, five years the senior in the relationship, yet there wasn't much of a difference between 27 and 22.

Harry poured Melissa another glass of wine. She painfully accepted the red liquid as she begrudgingly sipped it. She had begun to feel a little woozy.

"You know, you are in a very cute dress." Melissa looked up to Harry, who was holding the wine bottle, almost half empty, smiling at the lass. Melissa smiled and looked down, she hated the word cute. She was never hot, nor beautiful, but cute. Cute wasn't bad, but she wanted to be a beautiful lion, not a kitten her entire life. She already hated the dress, a blue sun dress that looked like it could have came out of the Wizard of Oz, in Dorothy's wardrobe. She had other cute parts, a small frame, skinny body, not large exteriors but a firm, round chest. She had a small button nose as well in her cute face. Yet, cuteness was none of her worries.

Melissa was silent. She cautioned herself before any movement. Behind her cute dress, small frame, she was carrying a very, very, very full bladder. Something that was put aside in the preparations for this date, and intensified my the wine. She had been desperately trying to find a position that suited her and her bladder. Currently her legs were crossed, revealing some of her underwear, but she didn't care.

Melissa had been dating Harry for only a few months now, and this was the first date that felt real, more than two friends. They had met at the Newspaper job that Melissa and Harry both worked at, a few water cooler talks led to a movie together that led to this. They had strong feelings for each other, enough to distract the fairly large gap in age.

"Are you okay sweety?" Harry spoke in a soft and savvy tone, his own way of speaking. He gently caressed Melissa face with his hand. What was wrong with her, Harry wondered. Was she not feeling well, or was she just angry for some reason. She was relaxed as he played with her.

"Yeah." Melissa didn't want to annoy Harry. This was his date in the edges of an empty park, she didn't want to be one of the people that can't hold their urine and ends up going in the trees, she diligently hanged on.

Come on Harry, Melissa thought to herself, notice that I am dying. Harry had other idea, mostly to get under that cute blue dress. During his time dating Melissa, he had learned that at 22, she was a virgin, a lady yet to sin. It seemed a long time before someone broke the ice. The truth was that Harry had brought Melissa out here not to have a picnic, but to fuck the living daylights out of her, or at least as much as someone with zero experience.

Melissa meanwhile had other plans. To go as fast as possible, walk two blocks to Harry's house with him and use his miraculous toilet. She was fully uncomfortable, she stood up and adjusted her dress.

"Harry, I was wondering if..."

"Me too."

"What?"

"It's a beautiful day."

"I know..."

"I love you."

"Me too."

"Well, let's do it."

"What do you mean?" Melissa was confused by the dialogue, she walked towards Harry.

"Do you want to fuck?" What! Melissa almost jumped back in amazement. She was not prepared for this at all. Her bladder also wouldn't allow it.

"Yeah, we could go to your house and..." She tried to get it to go her way, but she was interrupted.

"Do you see anyone?" Harry asked, he looked around. The park was empty.

"Harry, this is not..."

"Don't worry." Harry started undressing. We were doing it on my very full bladder. Fuck no, fuck no, Melissa thought.

"Harry! I'm sorry but I really, really need to use the restroom right now!" Melissa yelled and Harry stopped in his tracks.

"Hm?"

"I am dying Harry."

"What type?"

"What?!"

"Piss or shit."

"Piss." Cracks began to show on Harry's face. He began to smile.

"Oh. You got me scared for a second." Harry stood up with Melissa. Melissa realized that no matter what her bladder foresaw, she was going to have to do this. In seconds, Harry was naked with a condom on. He then looked at Melissa, whose only undressing had been her shoes. "Come on." Harry continued. Harry grabbed the edges of the blue dress and pulled it up. Revealing a white bra and pantie. Melissa danced around as the cold wind covered her cold and desperate body. Sweat rolled down her forehead as she realized that she was holding herself with her hand.

Harry grabbed the hand Melissa and took her to a woody area of the park. He was naked, she was in her underwear. "Come on Melissa, we ain't got all day." Melissa's panties were hot and steamy from the desperation, a few squirts had exited her body during the park. She gently lowered down her panties to show her exposed vagina, cleanly shaven. She then unclipped the tight bra, letting her breasts flow. Now they were both naked.

"Stay calm and relaxed, it's going to hurt, but it will feel good afterwards." Suddenly Harry thrusted himself into Melissa. Melissa screamed in agony and pleasure, she felt the burning of the first time, the arousal from it all and the gallon of urine being pushed back into her. She moaned in euphoria as the two babes in the woods fell over.

She had never felt anything like it, even when she was younger and would masturbate over People magazines, this was completely new. She moaned once again. She shook as she prevented the urine from getting out. She tightened her muscles. Harry began to moan as well, he turned himself over so she was on top of him.

"Just slide up and down." Melissa followed the orders, her vagina burned as she felt her feeling of senses combining into one epic feeling. The pressure was building, and Melissa continued. She hadn't felt this feeling before and kept going and going before it happened. Suddenly all of feelings of pain, desperation and relief bundled itself into one ultimate feeling. She had orgasmed, so did Harry.

"Oh no!" Melissa then remembered her burning bladder. She jumped from over Harry and ran to the nearest tree, she squatted down, still incredibly horny and delivered the most incredible piss of her life. She collapsed as the burning pressure inside of her decreased until only a few spurts of piss remained.

She had finished, and when she did she laid in the grass next to the bewildered Harry. She gave a few kisses to Harry and walked off. She collected her bra and panties, and slid her cute blue skirt, though she didn't feel like a child anymore, she felt like a lady.

*004*2013-10-25 05:40

Sorry about that, the thing is that I am truly only turned on by the desperation part of this fetish so I rarely venture outwards, I will try to incorporate other elements of omo into stories into the future.

