Daniel and Amy - Page 26

Author: Barry

*637*2017-01-05 14:35

Chapter 62:

For both Daniel and Amy, everything around them suddenly seemed to take on a whole new, much more vivid clarity. The day became warmer, the sunlight became brighter, the intoxicating aromas of coffee and bacon became something that they could almost taste from the smell alone. But some things also dimmed. The crying baby at an inside table, the annoying background noise of the busy cafe, and the occasional whiff of exhaust fumes just disappeared. All that was left, was a bubble. Inside that bubble they had each other, and even their parents seemed to almost fade away like ghosts after the witching hour had finished. They smiled at each other, and held hands. Their knees spread out beneath the table until they were touching, and it felt so good.

It just felt right.

At fourteen, not many kids have the necessary vocabulary to adequately explain just how some things are. How just plain good some things can be. Dan and Amy were no different from other kids, and they would have struggled to put into words just how damn right things felt at that moment.

Hell, I'm telling it, and I'm way older than them, and even I can't adequately explain.

They were now instantly filled with the basic joy of life, the joy of just being a kid, having nothing more important to worry about than relaxing, playing, and having fun. Their appetites had increased, not just for food, but for fun, for laughter, and for each other.

Breakfast was ordered, with Dan opting for a bacon and egg burger and a cup of tea, while Amy decided on a healthy salad, but added some hash browns as well. She chose an iced tea to drink, and Dan, who like her had kicked his thongs off beneath the table, rubbed his bare foot over hers, in a subtle gesture that said "Hey, that's gonna make you pee you know!" Her sweet smile told him that she understood what the gesture meant, and fully acknowledged that he was indeed correct.

What their mothers ordered, they had no idea. In fact, Sue and Sonia were now only vague images, as if seen through the misty veil of a parallel universe. Both parents attempted a couple of times to involve the kids in their conversation, but after being forced to repeat themselves every time they spoke, they just gave up. The teenagers didn't really even talk that much. It would be expected that perhaps after not seeing each other for a two day long eternity of pure mind blowing punishment, that they might be chattering away like parrots, but instead, they held hands, looked at each other, smiled a lot, rubbed their knees together, and just made minimal conversation, choosing to bask in the glory of each other's companionship instead. It went unspoken that any talking they had too do, would be better off done in private, well away from parental ears.

Towards the end of the meal, Sue was finally able to penetrate their cone of silence.

"So. Us oldies might have a look around the shops, and walk down to The Pink Duck later for a drink. I suppose you two will be happy enough to amuse yourselves with a swim?"

Amys face fell. Her jaw dropped open for a moment while she glanced guiltily at her mother.

"I can't," she replied in a rather morose tone. "I didn't bring anything to swim in. Mum told me to, but I didn't want to go in by myself, so I didn't even bring a towel. Aww mum, you coulda told me!"

Sonia just smiled at first, then handed Amy the car keys.

"I couldn't very well tell you, could I? It would've spoiled the surprise! But you should thank your lucky stars that I look after you! In the back of the car you'll find a bag. It's got your swimming shorts, another t-shirt, a towel, and (her voice lowered to a whisper) some swim diapers and tampons in it. I figured that although you said no to a swim before we left, you might just change your mind when we got here!"

Amy beamed with pleasure. Her smile was one of pure childlike joy, and it almost touched her eyes. The sunshine was radiating off her golden hair, her teeth were sparkling, her blue eyes flashed with merriment, and suddenly she looked like she could be 10, 14, or 21. She glowed.

"Thanks so much mummy! I love you," she declared with joy.

Her and Dan soon left the table to retrieve her things. As soon as they stood up, they were holding hands, and they grinned at each other as they hurried away, leaving their parents to stare lovingly but with a touch of whimsical sadness at their retreating backs, as they were again reminded that their children were still children, but only just.

One of the first things Dan had noticed after his initial shock, was the way Amy had dressed. When he had first met her only a month ago, he had considered her to be an extremely pretty semi-goth chick. Her hair had been streaked with different colours, she had a nose ring, multiple piercings in her ears, dark eyeliner and mascara, and had worn predominantly dark, baggy clothes.

Since then, he had noticed a change. She still wore her nose ring or stud, along with her earrings after school, and occasionally put temporary streaks in her hair, but she hadn't worn the heavy eye makeup for awhile, and had started wearing a lot more prettier, girly type clothes.

But today, 'old' Amy was back. She was wearing her loose fitting denim skirt, a black "Slayer" t-shirt, mascara, eyeliner, and had purple streaks in her hair again. He still thought she looked gorgeous, and he told her so, but asked about her ever changing dress sense.

Amy blushed a bit. She hadn't expected to see Dan today, and had dressed in a way that matched her mood. She tried to explain as best she could.

"Well Catholic boy, I guess it's a bit like this. I got used to dressing in a way that kinda didn't encourage too much interaction with other people. I guess I didn't want to have to talk to people, or have other kids coming up to me to talk. I didn't want any friends I guess. No, actually that's not true. I did want friends, but I didn't want the hassle of going through the whole bit of eventually having to tell them about my problems and my diapers.

I mean, I understand that it wouldn't come up right away, but talking and being friendly with people will eventually lead to them finding out, and most times, after they find out, I get either laughed at, or like heaps of stupid sympathy stuff. I don't want either. So dressing goth was kinda like my suit of armour I guess. Not many people wanna talk to the emo girl! Dressing like this let's me just kinda blend in a bit, without really blending in at all, if ya know what I mean. I can go like all emo looking, and I don't have to put up with other kids trying to be nice all the time, only for them to turn into real cunts when they find out about my problems."

Dan was actually shocked. He had never heard Amy use such strong language before. Yes, she swore when her mum wasn't around, but she had just crossed into entirely new cussing territory with her little speech. She was obviously passionate about it.

"Geez Ames. I'm really sorry. I had no idea it was like that. I just thought you must've liked the look or something. I mean I do too. You look really kinda hot like that!"

Again she smiled, which completely ruined the whole goth image.

"Thanks babe. I think I needed to hear that! But since I met you, and Nikki too I guess, I found it's really nice having friends. Before you guys came into my life, I had Tania, but we only see each other at school, and we're not as close as we used to be when we were little kids back home. Since we moved to Oz, we kinda drifted apart. She still keeps an eye out for me, but she made lots of new friends at school, and I didn't, and I don't like some of hers, so we don't hang much anymore. So the whole goth thing is like a neat way of keeping to myself I guess. But now I've got Nik, and especially you, it seems a lot nicer to wear pretty girly stuff again. I never stopped liking feminine stuff, but it wasn't worth the effort of trying to fit in when I was always gonna be an outcast. But I don't feel like an outcast anymore when I'm with you. You make me feel like a freakin princess, Danny Jacobs!"

Amy finished her explanation just as they arrived at the car. Checking that they were safely out of sight of their parents, Danny led her beside the car. He wanted so badly to say stuff to her, but he didn't know what. Besides, her little speech had actually bought a tear to his eye and a lump to his throat. It was easy to forget just how lonely they had both been only a few short weeks ago. Danny himself had been very lonely, with no real friends, but since he had met her, he'd managed to make other friends as well. Shit, he was almost popular despite them knowing about his condition!

He knew he really should say something, but he didn't know what. So he kissed her instead. Their tongues only just protruded from their lips a touch, and it wasn't a heavy, passionate kiss, but it was probably the nicest kiss that they had ever shared to date. It was a kiss that only had one meaning. Love.

It didn't last long, and they pulled apart, smiling at each other. Danny grabbed her bag and passed it to her, and they locked the car and headed towards the toilet blocks so Amy could get changed. Dan took the opportunity to take his slightly wet camouflage pull up off in the men's room while he waited, and was surprised to find it was actually a lot wetter than what he thought. He still held some pee inside him though, saving it until the went in the water soon. Now going commando under his shorts (as opposed to wearing a commando pull up) he waited impatiently for his girlfriend to change.

Five minutes later, they were back at the cafe with their parents. Amy now looking a touch strange, with heavy eyeliner, dark mascara, dark blue nail polish on her fingers and toes, dark streaks in her hair, but wearing a pink "Hello Kitty" t-shirt over her bikini top, with matching pink shorts over her swim diaper, complete with a tampon inside it.

Amy handed Sonia back her keys, and the kids hurriedly but politely asked to be excused, anxious to be off on their next little adventure. But before they could leave, Sue made them sit down quietly and listen.

Still holding hands, they squeezed each other tightly. No doubt this would be the lecture. Once again they would be counselled about their behaviour, and be made to promise better in the future. Both kids gritted their teeth in preparation for "The Talk."

Sue nodded at Sonia, who returned the gesture, and both women simultaneously reached into their respective handbags, retrieving an untold treasure each, which they in turn passed over to their children, who looked upon the offered artifacts with great surprise, and a certain greedy longing.

Their phones. Back at last. And sticking out of each phone case was a crisp ten dollar note.

Both of them almost squealed with delight, and they thanked their mothers with tremendous enthusiasm and great pleasure.

Sue shrugged it off. "Hey, it's only because we want to go into the wine bar, and you guys can't come in. You'll have to call us from outside, okay? The money's in case you need a drink or anything. Now listen up you two. You misbehaved. You made a mistake. Don't do it again, alright? Let's just draw a line here, and we'll never mention it again, okay? We'll put it behind us from now on. We love you kids, and we just want the best for you, alrighty?"

As Dan and Amy started nodding vigorously, Sonia added, "Go on, scoot!" And they did, taking their beloved phones with an unhidden greed, and almost forgetting their towels and diaper bags.

Amy started to open her phone up as soon as they left the cafe, but Dan stopped her.

"Hang on babe, let's just wait until we get across the road, alright?"

"Okay Catholic boy," Amy sighed, "but let's hurry a bit!"

"Geez Ames, don't stress! It'll only take a minute. I can't wait to check mine either!"

"It's not the phone, little Danny. It's because I need to pee, and I'm about to wet my pants...."

*641*2017-01-06 09:17

Thanks everyone. I got sidetracked with "The Morning School Run" story, as well as "Gemma," but it didn't take long for me to miss these two. I expect to start regular updates again shortly.

Even I can't wait to see what happens!

*643*2017-01-07 03:49

Chapter 63:

"What?" Daniel exclaimed, unable to keep the excitement out of his voice. "Didn't you just go to the toilet?"

"Only to change my clothes, silly. I went to the loo and did a wee as soon as we got here, before we met you guys, but that was because I had a pad inside my nappy, and it makes a yucky mess if I pee on it. I was wearing a big pull up, and it was still dry. But I'm only wearing a swimmer now, and I've put a tampon in, so if I wet, I'm gonna leak, and these pink shorts won't hide it. But at least they don't become see through when they're wet, or you'd see my swimmers as well! That iced tea is starting to go through me."

"That wouldn't be a bad thing, beautiful. I'd love to see your little swim nappy!" That reminded him of something. "Hey! I've got something to show you! It's pretty cool! Come over here."

After looking around carefully, Danny led Amy over to an unused picnic bench. They sat beside each other, and he opened up his bacpack, and passed it across to her, and she glanced inquisitively inside, letting out a squeal of delight as she reached in, and took out the camouflage pull up that was folded over on top of his towel inside.

"Oh my God! Danny! They're adorable! I've never seen these before! I bet you really like them huh? Cause you like the army and stuff."

"Shhh!" He cautioned, reaching across and pushing her hand which held the diaper quickly back into his backpack. "Don't show the world! But yeah," he grinned, "I do really like 'em. I had to change one while you were getting dressed, because I wet myself a bit when I saw you...." he blushed. "But I still need to go a bit," Dan added. "I'm not wearing any protection right now, and I thought I'd pee on the beach."

Amy continued to examine the diaper in the safer confines of his backpack. "Oh Danny, I REALLY want to see you wearing one of these. Nothing else, just one of these! I'll bet you look so cute! You could be my little soldier!"

He smiled. "I'd like that too. And I do look pretty cute in them....."

They laughed together, and it felt nice. Amy found his drink bottle in his bag, that was full of lime water cordial, and cast an enquiring eye at him, wordlessly asking for a drink. He nodded, and she took a swig before passing it to him. After he sipped deeply, he spoke again with a tinge of regret.

"I'm getting too big for the Goodnights now Amy. They only just fit me now. Soon, it'll be the grownup ones or nothing I guess."

"You can't help growing up mate. But it won't be all bad. Just think what we'll be able to do with this when we're a bit older," and she reached over and gently grabbed his dick through his light blue shorts. He flinched a bit, but made no effort to take her hand away, and she felt his little nub stirring beneath her hand, stretching out and stiffening, like a snake stretching itself after hibernation.

"I almost can't wait," he said, and she saw that he was serious.

"I know sweetie, I feel the same you know, but we've discussed it. Not yet. We're only kids. We've got to wait for awhile yet. But that doesn't mean that we can't still do some stuff, like we did in the shower...."

At the mention of that, his dick, upon which her hand still gently rested, gave a twitch, and seemed to become even stiffer. He quickly took her hand away.

"You better stop that baby girl, or I'll end up making a mess in my pants. Again."

They switched their phones on at last, realising that their mothers had even been thoughtful enough to charge them, and watched in anticipation as their messages and Facebook started updating. The next few minutes were spent in silence as they made sure that the world hadn't ended while their phones were AWOL.

A few minutes later, Dan saw a funny video, and instead of sharing it to her, he reached across and said "Watch this babe!"

Amy watched the compilation video of guys getting hit in the nuts, and started laughing at some of the expressions they pulled. She suddenly crossed her legs over tightly, bending at the waist and declaring through her giggling, "Oh shit! No, stop it Danny! I'm gonna wet myself!" It took her a few seconds to regain control, and she stood up, and ran a hand across her backside.

"Am I wet?" She whispered.

Dan, not needing any excuse to look lovingly at her bum, examined it closely, before declaring it to be still dry.

"Phew! I started to leak into my swimmer! I'm getting really close now, we'd better go quickly I think." She took her boyfriends hand and pulled him to his feet, and they walked off towards the beach.

There was a set of cement steps leading down, and they negotiated their way down, but Amy dragged him to a halt at the bottom.

"Hang on Catholic boy. I'm actually in a bit of trouble here. That leaks made it worse, I think I'm gonna have a real accident here! I don't think I can hold on any longer."

Dan looked around. There was nobody directly in their path between them and the ocean, but there were people walking along the beach from both directions. The water was perhaps a hundred meters away, and even if they hurried, they would cross paths with at least two groups of strangers on the way.

"Let's run for it," he suggested. "We'll dump our stuff here and go for it!"

Amy sucked in a sharp breath between clenched teeth, and crossed her pretty little feet at the ankles, bending at the waist, and placing her left hand in her lap. Dan noticed that her right hand now had the thumb sticking up, and was tracing a pattern across her tightly pressed lips. She was automatically about to start sucking her thumb without even realising it, which was a sure sign that she was about to wet herself. As he watched, her thumb worked it's way between her lips.

Dan took charge. He took her big denim diaper bag from her, and dropped it unceremoniously onto the sand. Then he took her by the shoulders, and gently pushed her backwards, forcing her to step back, until her heels connected with the bottom step, and he lowered her down until her bottom hit the second last step.

"Wait, wha-what are you d-doing," she stammered around her thumb, her words a bit jumbled.

"Shhh," he counselled her, "just sit there for a second."

"I, I c-can't! I'm g-going to wet myself," she stuttered, her voice sounding very childlike now.

"I know." Dan replied. "But you can do it back here a lot less noticeably than if we walk past those people! I'll stand in front of you, like screen you a bit."

But Amy was no longer paying him any attention. Her head was lowered as she stared at the step underneath her, and he could see her shorts turning darker, and a puddle forming between her now spread legs. Both of them watched in wonderment as the puddle made its way toward the edge of the step, hesitated briefly, before three separate trickles formed, and her pee started cascading down the step face, to start a new puddle on the bottom step. At the same time, a hissing sound suddenly became very noticeable, and she shuddered, still sucking ferociously on her thumb, as a wider puddle started spreading from beneath her bum.

Dan was enraptured. The sight of Amy sitting in front of him and wetting herself by accident was mesmerising. But he did manage to temporarily drag his head around, and make sure the two groups of people walking past in opposite directions were just passing, and not turning in their direction to use these steps. If they had of tried to get to the water, Dan estimated that they would have pretty much made it to exactly where the two groups were now passing directly behind them but about 50 meters away before Amy would have lost control, and would have soaked her shorts right in front of them.

Looking back at her, he saw that she was lost in her own little world, aware of nothing more than the pee now pooling around her feet, the waterfall off the step she was sitting on, and the huge puddle she was sitting in. She was sucking Her thumb like a calf on a cows test, oblivious to the fact she was doing it.

She looked incredibly cute, he thought.

Eventually, she stopped, and raised her nervous eyes to meet his own, only then becoming aware of the thumb in her mouth, which she quickly removed, wiping it across her t-shirt.

"Danny, I wet myself," she whispered, then suddenly came back to life and smiled at him. "I did! Look! I had an accident! Thanks so much for making me wait here! I probably woulda pissed myself right in front of those people if you hadnta stopped me! That woulda been horrible, so thank you."

He smiled at her. "Hey, no problem. It's the least I can do for the woman I love. I'll try and help you as much as possible babe, you know that."

She gave him a sly grin. "Would you Danny? Would you really try and help me?"

"Of course babe! Anything I can do to help, I will. You've just gotta ask, that's all!"

"Okay then," she replied, with the sly grin never leaving her face. "If you REALLY wanna help me, there is something that you can do to make me feel better...."

Feeling magnanimous, Dan puffed his chest out a bit and replied, "Sure babe. Just tell me, and I'll do it. What is it? Do you want me to pass you your towel?"

"Not exactly Catholic boy, I want you to stand there and wet your pants in front of me. Please," she added sweetly.

He nearly objected out of habit, but at the sight of his beautiful girlfriend, sitting in her pee puddle in her soaked shorts, he realised with a spinning head that he actually wanted to do it.

He dropped his own backpack, glanced around to make sure they were still alone, including anyone approaching from the top of the steps, and grinned. He kicked off his thongs, and stepped forward, ignoring the wetness around his feet as he stepped into her pee puddle. He walked up close, until the front of his shorts were only two feet away from her pretty upturned face.

Then he opened up his stance and let go.

He wasn't wearing any underwear, and so his penis was unrestrained. Suddenly, the left leg of his sky blue, knee length cotton board shorts turned darker, and the hot urine poured out of his baggy leg hole.

Amy, her face staring directly at his crotch, watched in wonder as a big wet circle appeared on the front of his shorts, travelling up and across, before a single streak appeared on his right leg, before it too started pattering onto the cement, joining in with Amys puddle, and spreading it wider and deeper.

When he finally finished, he extended his hand, and pulled her to her feet and then closer to him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, and they kissed, feeling each other's wet shorts rubbing up against their bare legs, as their feet splashed in the puddle of their own making.

Hearing voices approaching from above them, they broke apart giggling, then picked up their bags and turned their backs, running towards the water now that there was nobody in front of them to see their embarrassment. They dropped their bags without stopping, and holding hands, ran splashing into the water.

Only then, with their pants now justifiably wet, did they turn around, just in time to see a family consisting of both parents and three young children coming down the steps, and walking straight through their puddle and onto the sand without paying any attention. It was only after the mother had stepped into it with her bare feet that they paused, looking around them for the source of whatever the mysterious puddle might be. But seeing nothing unusual, they merely shrugged, and walked towards where the kids had dropped their bags, but staying back a bit, where they established their own spot.

Dan and Amy almost burst into laughter at seeing these people walking through their puddle, but managed to keep a lid on it instead.

So far, this day showed all the hallmarks of being one of the best days of the kids lives.

*645*2017-01-12 13:51

Chapter 64:

"Wanna know a secret, Catholic boy?"

"Sure Ames. What?"

"I hate to admit it, but I could really go a smoke right now."

They were laying side by side on their towels, enjoying the late Autumn sun, determined to squeeze every last drop out of the weather and the day.

Dan nodded his head in solemn agreement. "I know exactly what you mean babe. But I don't think I'll ever smoke again, at least not until I'm old enough. I don't want to go through that again."

"What did your mum have you do for your punishment?" Amy asked.

"Just chores," he replied, "but I had some fun while I did them!"

They had gone back to the shop and bought a large iced tea each, not only because they were thirsty, but because it made them pee. They drank as much as they could while laying in the sun, and Dan regaled his girlfriend about his wetting fun that he'd had whilst completing his punishment. Amy thought it sounded like a lot of fun.

"I won our dare too," he said proudly.

Amy was confused. "What dare sweetie?"

"My pacifier! You dared me to start using it in front of mum, and I did! I've been using it as a 'stop smoking' gimmick, and she doesn't mind. It feels kinda weird, but I'm getting used to it!"

Amy laughed at the thought of her boyfriend using his dummy around Sue, but was also a bit jealous. "Wish I could do that," she said.

"You've still got your thumb, babe," Dan reminded her, and he picked her hand up, and started sucking on her thumb as if to remind her. It tasted salty, had some sand on it, but was still nice. Amy squirmed around a bit and groaned, and Dan felt his flaccid member stirring from its slumber. He had to let her hand go and roll over onto his stomach, because his erection was making his shorts stick up. They both giggled at his antics.

They spent another hour on the beach, and wet themselves again, still getting the same kick out of it that they always did. But all to soon it was time to go. They had a shower on the foreshore, in a open air shower on the grass near the toilet block, then regrettably got changed back into their street clothes again, with Dan using his spare camouflage Goodnight, and Amy putting an adult pull up back on.

They walked to the wine bar where there mothers were having coffee, and rang them from the street. Two minutes later, they were reunited.

"Mummy, is it alright if Danny comes round home for awhile?" Amy asked sweetly.

Sonia looked at Sue and shrugged. "Tell you what Sue. We were bemoaning the fact that we couldn't have a drink in there because we were driving, and I happen to have some lovely wine at home. If you two want to, I'll follow you back to your place, you leave your car there, and I'll bring you to our place for a barbecue. The kids can play, and we can have the drink we deserve for putting up with them this weekend! What do you say?"

Before she could even think about it, Dan had grabbed her hand and pleaded "Please mum?" and she had to shake her head and laugh.

"Oh why the hell not! Danny, your mothers getting drunk tonight."

This caused some good natured laughter, and soon they were on their way.

It was only a quick stop at the Jacobs household, just long enough for Dan to drop off his wet things and restock his diaper bag, and soon they were off again in Sonia's car, with Sue sitting in the front seat, and the kids in the back, happily holding hands.

They were halfway home when Amy piped up, sounding nervous.

"Mum, can we stop somewhere please?"

Sonia didn't have to ask why, she was well used to it by now.

"Honey, we're almost there, can you hold on?"

Amys was chewing on her thumb nail, and fidgeting about in her seat.

"Uh uh," she replied, "I kinda need to go now."

Amy had no problem doing a pre-emptive strike in front of her mother, or in front of Dan for that matter, but she felt weird about deliberately wetting herself in front of Dans mother, especially while holding hands with Sues son. Also, when you added her own mother and her boyfriend into the same car, it somehow made it extra weird. She could easily wet in front of one person, but not comfortably in front of three of them she thought. It didn't help that she had changed her tampon for a pad again after her swim, and they tended to turn a bit yucky, particularly if they were soiled, like hers now was. She had the feeling of suddenly being like a deer caught in the headlights, and she didn't want to wet herself in front of such a large audience.

Of course Sue and Sonia didn't know just how comfortable Amy usually was with deliberately wetting in front of Dan, (and vice versa of course) so their sympathy went out to her as well.

Dan himself felt uncomfortable. He felt extremely awkward for his girlfriend, but very turned on as well. As he and Amy had learned through all their secret playtime together, deliberate wetting was a lot of fun, but genuine accidental wetting was a big turn on sometimes. He felt himself stirring just a bit inside his pull up at the knowledge of just how badly Amy must be needing to do a wee.

She shifted in her seat, and placed a hand between her legs, pushing into her crotch, but because of her thick diaper, she couldn't put enough pressure on her pee hole to make it effective.

"We're almost there," Sonia repeated like an echo. There's really nowhere between here and home that I can stop baby. Maybe you could just use your nappy perhaps?"

Amy blushed bright red. "Muummmm! How can you even say that in front of people!"

Sounding defensive, Sonia explained "Well it's not like nobody here doesn't know that you have to do that sometimes sweetie. We all understand your condition you know. We all realise that you don't have a lot of options."

Dan decided to try and make Amy feel better at his own expense. He felt the heat rising in his cheeks as he spoke.

"It's okay Ames. Nobody will look at you or think anything bad. As a matter of fact, I'm kinda busting here myself. Sonia, are you sure we can't stop anywhere? Im really sorry, but I kinda need to go as well."

"Didn't you go at the beach Danny?" Sue asked sharply.

"Yes mum, cause I did, and I made it home alright didn't I? It's just this extra bit is making it kinda hard now."

"That's silly mate. We've only just left our house, why didn't you go then?"

Dan shrugged, simply replying "Didn't need to then, and you were in a hurry as well remember? You kept like telling me to hurry up and stuff, so I did."

Sue knew he was right, but still, it wasn't really a good excuse. "You of all people should know that there is always time to use the toilet Dan. You could've gone!"

"Told you mum, I didn't need to then, but I do now. I feel like I'm gonna have an accident."

He couldn't believe he was actually saying this in front of Sonia, but by sharing the shame, he was staying on the same level with his girlfriend, and by showing solidarity, he hoped she would feel better at least. Besides, he was only slightly exaggerating, all the iced tea was working through him, and he did genuinely need to go.

"Dont be too hard on him darling," Sonia told her friend. "These two have been drinking all day. It's got to come out sometime."

"Urgh!" Amy grunted as she lurched forward in her seat, hunching forward suddenly. "Urgh, mummy, it's coming! I can't hold it!"

Amy gritted her teeth, and felt a tear of shame run down her face as her nappy suddenly started to swell with a hidden warmth. The hot liquid was momentarily trapped against her sex, pooling there briefly before at first soaking into her already soiled sanitary napkin, before completely overwhelming it, and trickling between her thighs to get absorbed into the thicker padding around her bum. She groaned again, but this time with relief, as she started sucking her thumb.

Dan was excited, but he really needed to go as well, although he probably wasn't exactly about to accidentally lose control just yet. But that could be easily fixed though.

He squeezed Amy's hand in the secret gesture that they had used in the past to let each other know when they were wetting. Then he pushed a bit on his bladder, and felt himself start to leak. He knew he'd have to be careful, as he only had a "kiddie pull up" on, but he also knew from lots of practice that they would hold quite a bit so long as he didn't flood it all at once.

A soft warmth trickled down his shaft and over his balls, forming a wet spot right in the middle, and slowly spreading downwards, and he felt his bum getting wet. He allowed himself to pee for a few seconds, but was able to cut of the flow just as he was starting to get worried that he would lose total control.

"Oh no! Mum!" He cried out mournfully. "I think I just wet myself! Argh! I did, I've peed myself a bit!"

"Danny!" Sue exclaimed. "Try and hold it! Look! We're almost there!"

Dan realised then that they were indeed turning into Amy's street. He was now gritting his teeth with effort not to completely lose control, and he was sure that he'd succeeded. It hadn't been easy, but now he'd emptied half his bladder, he was able to stop the flow altogether.

Sonia parked the car in the driveway, and both mothers undid their belts and looked around simultaneously.

Danny and Amy were holding hands in the back seat, both looking very red faced and guilty.

*647*2017-01-12 21:42

{{5 hours ago, Bellatrixfan said:

That was Awsome especially the ending but they both secretly loved it anyways keep up the amazing work

}}

Thanks Bella, as always, I appreciate your kind words.

