What’s your favorite character dynamics?

Author: Quackduck

*000*2023-01-15 01:26

Who do you have the most fun reading about?

I’m thinking in terms of desperation-inducing character dynamics. Like, what kind of friend group might prevent a person from accessing a toilet, even in situations where it’s available? Maybe they don’t listen enough to a shy member of their group. It can be really additive to their struggle when it’s combined with real things denying them relief, like a closed bathroom or an uncomfortable environment. Maybe they’re quite literally denying them relief as a joke or as payback, or to satisfy their own perverted fascination.

Of course, real friends would help someone in this predicament, as opposed to making it worse for them. For this reason, I feel obligated for the following events to teach them that lesson, or (my personal favorite), give them a taste of their own medicine.

What about people who are genuinely supportive, and helpful in such times? It sometimes leaves the toilet obstacle entirely out of their hands. I like characters that reassure each other and try to help them through a difficult and humiliating experience (the opposite is also very fun to read).

I really like friends who engage in experimentation together, or at least communicate about it. Encouraging each other to hold it when they start having second thoughts is very cute, albeit maybe a little unhealthy. Maybe they even have an agreement where one of them is controlling the bladder of the other, even continuing to deny them relief when they’re begging for it.

I flip flop on who I like writing about the most. At the moment, I very much like the control aspect of it, people dismissing and belittling a character’s need for whatever reason. Mean-spiritedness can be uncomfortable for me to read in certain moods, but an unrealistic expectation placed on a desperate person is such an attractive concept to me.

I want to hear what you guys think?

