Hermione the potion master - Page 4

Author: ola93

*079*2020-03-22 22:25

As always, this took longer than we all would have liked it to, but here it is:

CHAPTER 16

“H-Hermione,” Ginny whispered in a panicked voice when both girls they were working with stopped paying attention to them once again. “I can’t hold it much longer. What do I do?”

Seeing her friend was really panicking now, Hermione saw no other option and quickly got the largest flask she could find from her bag. “Pee in this,” she whispered. “No one will notice if you do it beneath your desk right now.”

Ginny turned crimson at the thought of what she was about to do, but a new spasm of her bladder caused a spurt of pee to run down her leg and reminded her of the fact she was out of other options. She moved to the front of her chair and reached beneath her skirt to pull her soaked underwear to the side before placing the bottle between her legs. She was already losing more spurts, which made it easy for her to locate her peehole. She pressed the flask against it and relaxed just enough to let a constant stream come out of her. It hurt but she did not dare to relax completely as she was afraid she would not be able to stop in time anymore if she did and she knew the flask was much smaller than her bladder.

Soon, way sooner than she would have liked, Ginny filled up the flask. She had released a quarter of her bladder's contents but it was enough to allow her to regain control for now. She just hoped she would be able to hold the rest until after class. Still afraid of being noticed, Ginny quickly put a stopper in the flask, pulled her fairly wet underwear back up and put the flask in her bag.

Hermione was glad she had been able to watch that show until the end, because just seconds later, professor Snape called her to his desk. After she explained her plans to him in detail, he told her she had set herself a real challenge and he expected her to fail, but he went on to help her anyway.

“I agree with you on the options you found to improve the potion's effect. Also, a magical human being should do for a magical influence present at the brewing. However, I am afraid it may need to be closer to the potion, possibly in it as an ingredient, but you can't put a human in a potion for obvious reasons. Maybe a hair or something like that could do, but you will need to look into that more.”

“In addition,” Snape continued, “the way of mixing ingredients does indeed matter in some potions, but this goes only for ingredients that come from animals. Hagrid should indeed be a good source for ideas on that, but asking professor Sprout would just be a waste of her time. Now see if you can learn more from the student from my house you are working with.”

Over the years, Hermione had learned to ignore comments like the last one coming from Snape and she went back to her place. Just like Ginny had been doing, she tried to squeeze any useful information out of her partner, but that was futile and her partner did not even bother to ask her any questions. Therefore, the remainder of the class went by pretty uneventful for both girls, until Snape called Ginny to his desk just five minutes before the end of class.

When Ginny sat down at Snape's desk, she felt her bladder throb in response to the sudden increase in pressure, but she knew it was caused by sitting down and not by her bladder actually getting that full again already. Knowing that changing positions would only make things worse, she just ignored it and hoped Snape would hurry up.

“You seem to be on the right track with combining multiple potions. Your work should focus on figuring out the anatomy for now as you suggested,” Snape said. “Madam Pomfrey doesn't like to come up with creative ideas ‘though. You'll have to think this through and ask her to confirm the changes you intend to make are safe. I'll make that a requirement for combining any of these potions too, for your own safety. I know too little about human anatomy to help you with that.”

Just as Ginny prepared to get up again and grant her bladder some relieve, Snape continued talking and Ginny could not help a leak from further soaking her underwear.

“I noticed you're teaming up with miss Granger and I couldn't help but think your potion may be the solution for brewing hers. She may need access to strange parts of her body to gather ingredients. Go visit Hagrid with her and work out plans for the necessary changes to your bodies for both potions together. You'll both profit from that.” With that, Snape stood up, raised his voice and said: “Class dismissed!”

Ginny almost jumped up and hurried out of the classroom, to the nearest bathroom. The moment she walked out again, she was greeted by Hermione, who had easily guessed where Ginny had gone.

“Made it,” Hermione asked.

“Sort of,” Ginny replied before leading her friend's hand under her skirt to let her feel the dampness of her panties.

“Hmm, so naughty,” Hermione giggled when she felt that Ginny must have been leaking. “There's an hour left before dinner. Wanna come help me do something about my throbbing clit.”

Ginny blushed fiercely, but replied: “Gladly, and I hope you can do the same for me. Not tonight ‘though. If I can survive sitting on my bladder, you can certainly deal with some arousal until tomorrow and then we'll have almost to whole castle to ourselves.”

“Fair enough,” Hermione replied, despite biting her lip in frustration. It was going to be a long wait until next evening, but she would make sure it would be worth the wait. “In fact,” Hermione continued, “I really need to take a shower now anyway. We both do, I guess. Wanna come join me?”

Ginny nodded enthusiastically and the girls hurried back to their dormitory, got each other some clothes to wear to dinner and took them into a shower stall; one single shower stall that is. Immediately after she locked the door, Hermione started undressing Ginny and Ginny joined in by stripping Hermione.

Soon they were showering and Hermione's hand unconsciously inched towards her burning nethers, until Ginny stopped it, whispering: “Not yet. Tomorrow.”

Hermione groaned but obeyed. Upon finishing their shower, the girls dried off each other's body and Hermione made sure to give Ginny's left bum cheek a good squeeze as she did. Ginny squealed in surprise as she felt a drip of pee flow down her leg despite not having felt even the slightest need to pee right before.

“Hey! You made me pee myself a bit there,” she said, playing angry. Hermione laughed and just continued by getting Ginny into her fresh clothes.

Soon, the girls were on their way to the great hall and Ginny told Hermione: “Snape told me to join you on your visit to Hagrid tonight. He said you might be able to use a potion like the ones I'm trying to brew to reach parts of your body you normally can't. Is it okay if I come and join you on your visit to Hagrid so I'll know what you’ll be talking about if you’ll actually have a question for me on this later on? You can join me to madam Pomfrey afterwards too if you'd like to.”

“Sure, sounds like a plan and at worst we can keep each other company,” Hermione replied. "For now, let's eat ‘though. I'm starving,” she added as they reached the great hall.

Dinner went by pretty uneventful, although Ginny made sure to hint Hermione about any liquids she consumed (a large glass of pumpkin juice and some soup) and Hermione in turn made sure to drink about twice as much (two large glasses of pumpkin juice, some soup and a slush puppie for desert).

“So are we going straight to Hagrid's,” Hermione asked as they walked out of the great hall. She was not feeling any effects from all she drank yet and considered a bathroom visit unnecessary for now despite knowing she would definitely need to go later, as she had about a litre of liquids with that dinner.

Ginny hesitated for a moment as she had been feeling her bladder start to fill up around the end of dinner, but she truthfully said: “Yeah, let's go. I'm fine now that I'm standing. And I don't mind having to deal with sitting for a while. We’re not gonna be with Hagrid all night are we?”

“Probably not,” Hermione agreed, proceeding through the castle's exit, to Hagrid's house.

“Hello there, girls,” Hagrid greeted them as Hermione and Ginny walked into his house.

“Hi Hagrid,” they replied in unison. As Hermione sat down, the movement made her notice her bladder was filling now too, but it was barely noticeable for now so she just ignored it and accepted the cup of tea Hagrid offered her, as did Ginny, even ‘though she had had to clamp her thighs together to control herself as her bladder protested against the sudden increase in pressure on it.

“What brings you hear tonight,” Hagrid asked.

Hermione began to explain about their potions classes and her plan to brew perfect polyjuice potion and how she hoped to get something useful out of characteristics of the animals ingredients of the potion come from. She also explained Ginny was there to help if an animal would like the presence of a specific body part and having that accessible at the brewing could help.

“Well then, let's go over the ingredients, shall we,” Hagrid suggested. Hermione got her notebook and quickly handed Hagrid a copy of the ingredients.

“Lacewing flies, bicorn and boomslang,” Hagrid mumbled, quickly identifying the animals producing ingredients on the list. As he explained the basic characteristics of first bicorns and then boomslangs, Ginny quickly got bored, which did not help her deal with her rapidly filling, compressed bladder. Having learned from previous mistakes, she tried hard not to start wiggling in her chair, but she could not help squeezing her thighs together every once in a while. Hermione's bladder was not filling up any slower, but she was too focussed on the conversation to notice it for the time being.

“That brings us to lacewing flies,” Hagrid finally said to Hermione's dismay. None of the characteristics of the other animals had seemed useful to potion making and she was starting to lose faith in this approach. Hagrid's next statement got her enthusiastic again however and even got Ginny listening again.

“I kept discussing these creepy little creatures to finish with as they have some weird characteristics that may be just what you are looking for,” Hagrid said, “but some of which are also a bit gross to most people. I actually hoped you would have found your answer before we came to this point.”

“They sleep in big piles, you see, all on top of and against each other as the enjoy being under a bit of pressure. They are literally compressed under each other's weight. And their days they spend looking for food and drinks. Drinks, yes, you heard that right. They tend to end up drinking water in nature, but people breeding them found out that's not what they're looking for. They fly straight by any pool of even the purest water when they have drunken recently enough to keep looking without getting dehydrated too much. Here's the point you see: these animals grow twice as big when you give them to drink what they actually like. According to your theory, that may be what the potion is missing. But what they drink cannot be bought, you can only create it as it is... it is... human pee. Urine. Waste liquid. And it needs to be fresh. Keep it more than ten minutes after... producing it and they don't want it anymore, you see.”

At Hagrid's last comment, Ginny groaned inwardly and quickly crossed her legs as she was reminded of her, by now fairly urgent, need to pee. Hermione suddenly realised how full her bladder had become too and slammed her legs against each other and nervously started tapping her foot.

“Thanks Hagrid,” Hermione quickly said, “I think that's all you can do. I'll have to see what I can do with this.” She quickly stood up and crossed her legs as she waited for Ginny to follow her example, which she gladly did and which greatly relieved her need to pee. After saying goodbye, they started walking back to the castle.

“So what do you have in mind to do with this,” Ginny asked, “it doesn't seem like a organitinerosum can help here.”

“I don't know Ginny,” Hermione replied in a strained voice. “All I know right now is that my need to pee was not increased by sitting on my bladder like yours and unlike you, I am still bursting to go after standing up.”

Ginny giggled but did not complain. She wanted to pee before sitting down with Hermione and discuss what they had just been told herself too. Besides, she realised it might be a good idea to grant her bladder some rest before their holding contest with Luna the next evening.

As the girls entered the castle, Ginny suggested discussing her potion quickly first to end the evening talking on the more interesting topic of brewing perfect polyjuice potion later. Hermione absentmindedly agreed and the girls aimed for the library to sit down together. Just before entering the library, Hermione rushed into the girls' room, followed quickly by Ginny and they both got some badly needed relief.

The girls spent the next two hours studying and discussing human anatomy, until they had figured out a way to use bones, skin and muscles from the legs to design wings between the arms and waist.

When they finished, Ginny suggested “Time for a quick pee break?”

“But I'm so excited to discuss Hagrid's input on my potion,” Hermione replied, whispering “can't you hold it?”

“I wanna be able to sit comfortably while we chat,” Ginny argued, “and I don't want to sit through class with a tired bladder under my bum tomorrow, so I need some rest.” With that, she walked off towards the bathroom before Hermione could argue more.

Hermione knew Ginny had made a good point however, and quickly followed her despite not really needing to go yet. Granting her bladder some rest would be a good idea. Not that she was worried about the classes of the next day, but she wanted to be able to put up a good fight against Luna during their holding contest that evening. And she was fairly sure that was Ginny's true motive too.

When they got back in the library, Hermione quickly casted a notice-me-not charm over them and said: “That's just so we can laugh and tease over any ideas we may come up with without attracting attention and won't have to whisper. I want to brainstorm freely for a while and I don't want us to have to hold back on ideas on topics we may find... interesting.”

Hermione quickly got her notes from their talk with Hagrid and continued: “So it's fairly obvious I could try to improve the effect of the lacewing flies in the potion. I remember they are also one of the ingredients that are expected to contribute to the transportation effect of polyjuice potion, so that seems like my best shot, doesn't it?”

“It does,” Ginny agreed, “and it's also the most interesting option. They spend their days looking for pee.”

“Yeah,” Hermione agreed giggling, “so the obvious possibility here would be to add urine to the potion. Or to replace some of the water by it, actually. The total amount of liquid in the potion cannot change. That could also be a way to add something coming from a magical human being to the potion. I should make sure the urine we use, does not come from a muggle, but that's easy given we are both magical, as is the rest of Hogwarts.”

“You should make sure to add the urine last too,” Ginny added. “Hagrid stated the lacewing flies are interested in urine that was produced no more than ten minutes before.”

“I guess that leaves us with the question how much urine should be added and thus how much less water I should add to the potion at the start,” Hermione concluded, completely missing her earlier conclusion that she had to look into the way of mixing ingredients for her potion just from being too enthusiastic talking about the topic. “Any ideas on that?”

“Not really, but if this is how to fix this potion, I think it should transport you not far enough or too far if you would add too little or too much pee, so I think it doesn't really matter for a first try and you can add more or less another time if there is an effect but it's too small or too big.”

“That sounds reasonable,” Hermione agreed. “I guess I'll just start with an amount we can easily make sure I'll have in my bladder near the end of potions class then?”

“Okay, so let's try to predict that then,” Ginny agreed enthusiastically. “It's now too late to visit madame Pomfrey so we'll need to do that tomorrow morning before breakfast, as we'll have transfiguration class, lunch and potions class back to back after that. So I think we should have a pumpkin juice right after we get up. Then at breakfast you normally have two and then a fourth one at lunch. That means you'll have drunken a litre at the start of potions class and you will be well hydrated, so there should have flown about 800mL into your bladder by then. That sounds like an amount you can hold just fine, so I think you'll just have to pee right after we get up only, drink all that and start brewing the potion with, like, 750mL of water less.”

“But Ginny, breakfast is at eight. If we're gonna talk to madame Pomfrey before that, it means we'll be getting up around half past six. I won't finish brewing until around half past three, that's NINE hours later!”

“I don't see the problem,” Ginny replied with a devilish smile.

“Okay I'll give it a go,” Hermione agreed, “but don't expect to get to pee more often yourself.”

“Deal,” Ginny replied. “Let's call it a day then, shall we?”

“I'll wake you at half past six,” Hermione reminded her as she got up.

The next morning exactly at 6:30, Hermione was woken up by the alarm spell she had cast before going to sleep. She quickly waved her wand to silence the alarm ringing in her head and walked over to Ginny's bed. She may have had her last pee of the day a bit early the night before, but she had also woken up earlier than normally, so she wasn't surprised that her bladder was full, but not too uncomfortably so and used the opportunity to take her time to wake Ginny. She kissed her, first on her foreahead, than on her lips, in her neck, on her back and then – as she saw Ginny was still fast asleep – on her left buttock.

As she had expected, that immediatly woke Ginny up. She squeezed her thighs together and her hand even slipped between them for a moment. “Morning, beauty,” Hermione giggled. She then walked back to her own bed, got dressed quickky and went into the bathroom. After visiting the toilet for what she knew would be the last time for a while, she took a quick shower before meeting Ginny again in the common room, where Ginny was standing with two glasses of pumpkin juice.

“Bottoms up,” she said as she handed Hermione one and they each chugged their drink down.

Not much later, they made their way into the hospital wing and sat down with madam Pomfrey. Ginny explained her plans to her. After thinking about it for a while, madam pomfrey agreed that Ginny's plan could work and would at least not hurt her.

Breakfast went by pretty uneventful and Hermione thought self transfiguration was rather boring, enough so that during the last half hour of class her mind kept wandering to her slowly filling bladder and Ginny's subtle squirming. By the end of class, Ginny quickly stood up and gladly felt her need to pee subside. Hermione on the other hand, stood up carefully and quickly squuezed her thighs together for a moment as standing up made her need to pee only worse.

As they walked towards the great hall for lunch, Hermione admitted: “I would normally go pee by now, or after lunch at the latest.”

“Yeah, so would I,” Ginny giggled, “and I only had one glass of pumpkin juice with breakfast, so your bladder is probably fuller. On the other hand... you're not sitting on it.”

“Only three more hours now, Ginny, you can handle it.”

During lunch, both girls kept their legs crossed, squeezing them together whenever they sipped from their drinks, but apart from that they managed to hide their needs and soon it was time for potions.

When they entered the dungeons, Ginny was glad to see Snape had set up the room without chairs as usual when they were brewing potions, as he believed brewing needed to be done standing up. That would make the comming hours much more comfortable for her.

“I hope you are all excited, ‘cause today is your first class with time to actually work on your potions. Remember that while you all have no classes tomorrow morning, that is no time to play around. I expected reports on the work you do during this class at the start of your next class, tomorrow afternoon,” Snape said when everyone had found a place to work.

“All commonly used ingredients for potions in general and those mentioned in your reports as used in previous attempts to create the potions you are trying to make are in the pantry. If you think you need anything that is not there, come talk to me to see if I think you will indeed need it and if we can figure out a way to obtain it, preferably before tomorrows class so you can continue your brewing attempts.”

“If you have any questions, do not hesitate to ask me. If you think you have finished an attempt to create your potion, come see me so I can test whether it is safe to use and discuss with me how we can evaluate its effectiveness safely. That said, I won't waste any more of your time. Go ahead and start working.”

Hermione was surprised to see that Snape seemed genuinly enthousiastic and quickly started brewing. The recipe that Snape had her make in class earlier did not differ much from the normal recipe for polyjuice potion except for the time to wait between steps and she was convinced that would have no other effect than making the potion work shorter. Therefore, she gladly reused that recipe now to experiment with, so not each attempt would take her a month.

This obviously meant she would need only about two hours again, while class was three hours and 45 minutes longer, but she assumed she would have to wait for a while before she would get to talk to Snape when she finished, testing her potion would take some time and, most importantly, the final ingredient for her potion – her pee – would not wait forever to be added.

Despite that sense of urgency, Hermione could not stop herself from quickly asking Ginny what she was going to do. “I'll brew the first few of the potions I need today and hopefully have all of them by the end of the week so I can test their combined effects then. We already know moving one body part at a time works, so there is no use in trying a single potion first.”

Working with fluids did no good for Hermione's urge and while she brew she crossed and recrossed her legs and tapped her feet more and more often. Ginny was not much better off, but definitely not worse either.

Until, suddenly just as she was finishing her potion apart from adding her pee, Hermione saw her bend forward and freeze with a pained face for a few seconds. When she was able to relax again, she whispered: “My bladder just moved back in place and there was definitely not much space for it to move over my hip under my skirt and panties. Are you almost ready to go collect our final ingredients together? I need the opportunity to pee and... change my panties.”

Hermione giggled and replied: “Just a second... Done! Let's go talk to Snape.”

The girls lined up behind two others at Snape's desk. Ginny was in a much better condition now that her bladder was back where it belonged and basically the only difference between her situation and Hermione's was that she had drunk a glass of pumpkin juice less.

Hermione on the other hand, was trying to hide her need now that she was standing at the front of the room, in sight of most of their classmates, but not really succeeding in doing so. She could not stop herself from bobbing up and down in response to her now urgent need to pee.

Ten minutes later, Snape finally addressed them: “Ladies, what can I do for you?”

Hermione blushed, looking for words for a moment until Ginny jumped in, to her relieve: “We need to collect some ingredients for our potions that are not in the pantry, professor.”

“And what is it you need, miss Weasel,” Snape asked.

Now it was Ginny's time to blush as she replied: “Hairs, professor. Body hairs.”

“And you need someone to help you collect these,” Snape asked.

“Yes, indeed, professor,” Ginny answered.

“Well then, and what do you need, miss Granger,” Snape asked, smiling.

“Urine, professor, Hermione replied quietly, blushing even brighter.

“From what animal,” Snape asked in reply. “And how do you expect to get that?”

“H-human urine, professor. F-fresh, human u-urine.” Hermione was throughoutly emberassed now, which clearly enjoyed Snape.

“And where do you expect to get that,” Snape asked, purposely making Hermione spell out what she was about to do.”

“From my bladder, professor,” Hermione replied, giving up her attempts to be subtle about her plans.

“Okay then. Don't forget to take a large flask from the pantry. It seems like you have quiet a lot of urine there, waiting to come out.”

Glad to finally get Snape's permission, Hermione stiffly walked into the pantry and grabbed a one litre flask and some tweezers. As soon as she got back, Ginny left the room with her, heading for the bathroom.

When the girls got into a stall in the nearest bathroom, Hermione quickly moved to pull up her skirt, but Ginny grabbed her arm to stop her. “Me first,” she whispered before quickly taking the toilet. “Your pee needs to be fresh,” she added, sticking her tongue out to her friend.

As Ginny let go, Hermione gasped and quickly grabbed her crotch. “Ooh... hurry up, Ginny. I don't want to lose any.” Ginny laughed, but got up as soon as she finished peeing anyway.

Hermione hiked up her skirt and took her thong all the way off. Then she hurriedly spread her lips and placed the flask right against her peehole, before letting go of a torrent of pee.

As Hermione peed, Ginny took her still damp panties off. “At least I managed to keep mine dry,” Hermione giggled.

After Hermione obtained hairs from different parts of Ginny's legs, Ginny asked: “Do I have time to run by our dorm for some fresh panties?”

“I don't think so, Gin. I don't want Snape to start asking what took us so long. All these questions he just asked were emberassing enough already. Besides, I need to add this pee to my potion. You'll just have to make sure not to pee yourself again.”

Ginny knew better than to argue with Hermione and liked the thought of going back to class commando, so she just opened their stall and walked back to the dungeon, followed closely by Hermione.

Ginny quickly added her hairs to her potions and got in line to have Snape check her potions. Meanwhile, Hermione measured 750mL of het pee. She was relieved to find out she had peed more than enough as expected, although slightly less than the 800mL Ginny and her had predicted she would pee. After adding the pee and another of Ginny's hairs to her potion and flushing the rest of her pee through the drain, she too got in line to talk to Snape, right behind Ginny.

Snape quickly allowed Ginny to drink her potions and while she was still gulping the last one down, Hermione saw her legs move up and outward until her hips connected to her wrists, and her ankles and her feet to her pelvis. It look ridicoulous, but that had worked. The skin from her legs turned out to be insufficient to fill up the space between her arms and chest, however, and her arms were left close to her chest without much space to move. Realizing she would not be able to do much for the next hour, Ginny put her hands on the ground, lifted herself up and walked back to her place on her hands. She would need to free up more material for her wings in a next attempt. And the next hour she would just have to fill with talking, as she could not even reach a table to write anything down right now.

In the mean time, Snape concluded that Hermione's potion, too, was safe to drink. He instructed her to stand halfway between Ginny and the nearest wall and drink it.

Hermione did as she was told, nervous about what would happen and then gulped down the potion. She was not surprised to notice it tasted not too bad. Potions tended to taste different than you would expect based on the ingredients that went in. She was not surprised either, to feel her thighs shrink a bit to resemble Ginny's. What happened, next, did surprise her, however. She felt like she was apparating for a moment and then suddenly found herself back in the same room, about a meter back, towards the wall, away from Ginny.

Unsure what to think, she looked at Snape. After thinking for a moment, he spoke: “Congratiolations, miss granger. You moved only about a meter while miss Weasly was about three meters away, so the effect is not strong enough and you went in the wrong direction so an ingredient clearly is not happy with what you did yet, but you got yourself moving. You seem to be on the right track. Think of how you can make this effect stronger for next class and see what you can do to turn it around."

Hermione walked over to Ginny and said: “Well, that didn't go bad for a first attempt if even Snape is happy with us. I guess we'll have to see what more we can use from your body to make your wings and have to get that idea approved by madam Pomfrey besides writing a report for you tomorrow?”

“Yeah, and for you we probably have to think about what else we can do to make lacewing flies happy to turn the effect around. As for making it stronger I'd guess you just need to add more pee,” Ginny replied.

“I thought so too,” Hermione answered. “I would like to try replacing all the water by pee, but I don't think I want to try having a litre of pee in my bladder halfway through potions class. If I can even hold that much, I would be grabbing my crotch. Would you mind helping me by collecting your pee too?”

“Aw, is your bladder too small for that,” Ginny teased. “Off course I'll help you. Half a litre each should be easy even after tonight.”

Questions for chapter 17:

- The holding contest with Luna is next. What should the rules for this contest be?

- What should Hermione change to her recipe as a next attempt to creat perfect polyjuice potion, apart from replacing all the water (thus more) with pee?

*080*2020-03-22 22:40

@DespMely

@John Cena69

@Night Rain

@Melificentfan

@WildRoseBaby

@TheGreatNobody

@sicarius4

@GhoSt

@mynameissteven

@wedgeantilles

@Thar

@Luna

@MysteryGirl373

@gorcq

@Mrt2004

@DanDaren

@trololo

@alpheus

@Maxine

@Batman007

@EmmieChu

@peepeepants

@Tali'zorah

@Markj9494

@gfaroank

@McMango

@OmoCommando

As always, a quick heads up to people who previously stated they liked this story, as I had you wait for an update way too long once again.

*082*2020-03-23 07:12

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter really don’t know how to answer the questions though

}}

First one should be easy, right? What would you like the contest to be like? Do they fight it the longest or the most? Or both? Should they wear anything specific? Are there ways they are allowed to make it more difficult for their opponents?

*085*2022-04-27 18:28

Wow, has it really been two years? The pandemic really was a mood killer for me I guess, although I also took some time to think some things through for later chapters. As always I plan to speed things up again, but I guess you will just have to see when the next chapter will appear. It could be tomorrow, but apparently I might also take years. Anyway, here it finally is:

CHAPTER 17

45 minutes later Ginny's body got back into its original shape and as she walked out of the dungeons with Hermione who had stayed behind to keep her company, she said:

“I'm gonna need to get back to our dormitory and put on some underwear before dinner. Do you want to come and maybe change too? I figured I'd wear something sexy underneath tonight.”

Hermione nodded and excitedly followed Ginny into the – fortunately empty – Gryffindor girls dormitory. She searched her wardrobe and pulled out a black lace leotard from the back of her underwear drawer.

“This is definitely the sexiest I have, but wearing something that requires me to strip completely naked to pee is clearly a disadvantage for tonight, so I'll only wear it if you've got something difficult too,” she said.

“Don't worry,” Ginny replied as she turned to her own wardrobe, “this should work.”

Moments later, she held up her own sexy leotard to Hermione. A red one that beautifully matched with her hair.

“Awesome,” Hermione said as she felt her clit throb with excitement. “I would like to keep how I look in this a surprise for tonight, so I'm gonna go put this on in the bathroom.”

Both girls hid their outfits in their bags and walked over to the bathrooms as casually as they could manage. Inside a stall Hermione stripped down and blushed as she saw just how damp her panties had become from her arousal. She then put her bra and panties in her bag, exchanging them for the leotard, which she put on before putting her skirt, blouse and robe back on.

When she left the stall, Hermione was greeted by Ginny, who looked no different, but the smile on her face told Hermione that she too had changed her underwear. The real fun would have to wait just a little longer, however and girls quickly went to the great hall for dinner, with only a short detour back through their dorm to put their underwear in the washing bin.

Just before dinner was served, mail arrived and both Ginny and Hermione were surprised to receive a letter from Luna, which they quickly read, taking care that no one was reading along.

“Hi girls,” it read,

“I figured I probably have the most experience with things like what we planned for tonight, so I took the liberty of deciding on some preparation steps.”

“1. All of us will drink three glasses with dinner. That should be enough to get our bladders filling, but not enough to make us burst too soon.”

“2. After dinner, we return to our own house's bathroom immediately and pee as soon as we get there, so that none of us starts with a bladder already filled more than others'.”

“3. After that, there is no more drinking or peeing until we meet.”

“As soon as everyone from my house has left, I will get to the portrait of the fat lady. I expect you to wait there to let me in after all Gryffindors have left. If you're not there yet when I arrive, I will take it there are still others present and will just hang around until you come get me.”

“With love, Luna.”

“P.s. I figured being the only one seeing nargels would put me at an advantage, so I bewitched glasses for the two of you and will bring these.”

Hermione did her best not to look to flustered after reading that, but gladly noticed Harry and Ron had already started eating and were not paying attention to her. She quickly poured herself some pumpkin juice, filled her plate and started eating.

After that, dinner went by uneventful and soon Hermione and Ginny found themselves on their way back to the Gryffindor tower, after they had said goodbye to Harry and Ron who decided to go straight to Hogsmeade.

Entering the bathroom, Hermione was glad she was not actually in any urgent need to pee this time, as many girls had apparently decided to go for a pee before leaving for Hogsmeade and there was a short line for the toilet stalls.

When they had both made sure their bladders were empty, Hermione and Ginny sat down in the common room and waited for everyone else to leave. When they were finally alone, Ginny went to check the girls' bathroom and dormitory and Hermione magically checked the corresponding boys' rooms for any living presence. Finding no one, the girls walked out and found Luna already waiting for them.

“Hey there,” Luna greeted enthusiastically as the other girls lead her back into the common room. “I'm glad to see you're all as excited for this as I am and none of us seems to have any need to pee yet. Here, have a look.”

With her last statement, Luna handed Ginny and Hermione the glasses she had promised them, which they both put on immediately to see what Luna meant. Just like Luna had described before, they saw little dots dance around their crotches, as well as a few around their bladders every once in a while.

“Fascinating,” Hermione replied. “Thanks, Luna!”

“You can keep those,” Luna said. “Anyway, onto way more interesting subjects than nargels: what are we doing tonight? For me, the most fun is always when you really cannot hold it anymore, so if you can agree, I'd like to just see who can hold it the longest and not go for who can pee the largest volume or anything like that, as it would require you to give up in time to measure your pee.”

“That makes sense,” Ginny agreed, “but given that we want to finish before anyone gets back, I do think we should drink more.”

“Absolutely,” Hermione replied, “I say we should drink the same amounts at the same times, unless any of us has a much larger or smaller bladder, but I think Ginny and I are pretty equal.”

Ginny nodded and Hermione continued: “With the effects of a recent potions experiment I found out that I should be able to hold just over a litre.”

“You'll have to tell me more about that experiment,” Luna said curiously, “but my bladder gets only slightly bigger than that on good days, so I think we should be okay drinking equal amounts then. How about a glass of pumpkin juice every half hour?”

Ginny and Hermione quickly agreed and each of them started drinking a glass of pumpkin juice.

“So what happens when one of us can't hold it anymore,” Hermione asked.

“Well, if we don't want anyone to give up too early, I'd say she would pee herself,” Ginny said.

“Good idea,” Luna agreed, “that gives a bit of an incentive to win too. The winner can pee on the toilet if she can still make it there after winning.”

“So what about leaking,” Ginny asked. “I ehm, start leaking really small amounts long before I burst.”

“I tend to play this game such that anything your underwear can absorb doesn't make you lose,” Luna replied, “but we would have to strip down to our underwear to be able to judge that and I don't know if you're up for that.”

“We dressed up for the occasion,” Hermione giggled, winking at Ginny.

When she finished her pumpkin juice, she stood up, took off her robe and started unbuttoning her blouse. Ginny and Luna quickly downed the remainders of their drinks and followed the example.

Soon, the lace of Hermione’s leotard became visible and Luna cheered at how sexy it look. When it became clear that even her nipples were not really hidden, Ginny commented:

“I love how you look in that!”

When her abdomen became visible, Luna, who was not really starting to get undressed herself yet, commented too.

“I take it that little bulge isn't normally there,” she asked curiously.

“Definitely not,” Hermione replied defensively. “That's my stomach bulging from all the pumpkin juice you made us drink.”

Just as Hermione finished stripping down to her underwear, Ginny pulled her skirt down too, showing how her leotard consisted of lace all the way down, exposing little tiny parts of even her labia. Luna’s eyes seemed like they were going to fall out of her head.

“Wow...” she muttered. “You look amazing in that!”

Ginny blushed in response to that and joined Hermione in looking at Luna expectantly.

Luna quickly started unbuttoning her own shirt, showing she was wearing a bright pink bra. It had no lace and was not sheer so parts of her breasts were actually hidden unlike Ginny’s and Hermione’s, but the cups were small and left the inner and upper parts of her rather large boobs uncovered. Furthermore, when she unbuttoned her shirt further down, it became clear to the other girls that her bra was just that, a bra, and not part of a leotard or anything like that, so Luna’s stomach was completely uncovered too.

Finally, Luna dropped her skirt too, leaving them all in just their underwear. Her thong matched her bra in colour and material and did not cover more than society considered absolutely necessary either. On her front, the panties started maybe half an inch above her labia – which were clearly visible as the somewhat stretchy material gave here a cameltoe – and when she turned around to show off her back, Hermione and Ginny saw how it was a thong consisting off nothing more than a single horizontal and a single vertical string off fabric at the back, completely exposing Luna’s firm behind.

While the girls chatted away waiting for the moment they would have to drink more or any of them would start to need to pee, Hermione told all about their recent potions classes, including the side effects of drinking celerolectioserum and her struggles with the lacewing flies in her potion.

Just as Hermione was finishing up her story, an alarm went off from Luna's wand and she said:

“Chat time is over girls, that's time for another round of drinks”.

“How are you feeling?” Ginny asked nervously as she accepted another glass of pumpkin juice from Hermione. “It's not urgent at all yet, but I’d be getting up to visit the bathroom right about now if we weren't doing this contest.”

“I can definitely feel something in my bladder too by now,” Hermione agreed, “but it's not uncomfortable enough for me that I'd be leaving an interesting conversation like this just yet.”

“I'm with Hermione, maybe even slightly better off still. My bladder isn't empty anymore, but I wouldn't call this feeling an urge to pee just yet. Don't worry ‘though, I'll probably fill up fairly fast while we’re drinking this much.”

When their alarm went off again half an hour later, the situation had changed fairly drastically for all three of the girls. Ginny was laying down on one of the couches with her legs tightly crossed, Hermione was slightly bent forward while she squeezed her legs together and Luna was pacing around the room.

“Okay girls, time for another drink,” Luna declared. She walked up to Hermione and groaned when she stood still for a moment, as did Ginny when she carefully got up. “How are we all doing,” she asked.”

“I am absolutely dying for a wee,” Ginny admitted shyly as she squeezed her fingers between her tightly crossed legs to put more pressure against her aching pussy and support her muscles.

“I'm really bursting too,” Hermione replied as she carefully rubbed her bladder, even though she sounded like she was still slightly better off than Ginny.

For Luna, however, the tables appeared to have turned a bit as she too squeezed her crotch with not one, but even both of her hands. She sounded confidently, however, when she answered: “It's getting really bad indeed.”

Ten minutes later, it was once again shown that Ginny was the worst off, however. Suddenly, she gasped and bent almost double as she squeezed both of her hands against her crotch, but felt that it was not enough. When the wave of desperation she had gone through passed, she removed her hands again, revealing a tennis ball sized wet spot in the crotch of her leotard. As she had expected, she had leaked and it was not just a little bit, thankfully, however, the damaged was still contained by the thin fabric covering her vulva.

“Oh, there is so much pressure,” she complained. “I just can't keep it all in there.”

Luna smiled sympathetically, but Hermione suddenly almost yelled when her brain went in a completely different direction than her ever growing needs to pee and cum for just a moment.

“That’s it,” she said, “pressure! Why didn’t I think of that? Lacewing flies like to sleep in piles where their bodyweight puts pressure on others. They like to be under pressure! Polyjuice potion must be brewed under pressure.”

Luna burst into laughter at the unexpected outburst of Hermione. Obviously, that did nothing good for the pressure currently on her own bladder and whilst she tried to get her laughter under control, she too felt a drip squeeze into her thong, although in her case it was just that, a drip.

Almost a sudden as the subject had changed, the girls' attention was drawn back to the contest, when Ginny, clearly, once again tried to keep her peehole shut with all her might. She turned bright red, the small dribble that had escaped her control, was not stopping anymore. Soon, a drip landed on the floor, and then a second one before the dam finally burst and she pulled her hands away and spread her legs when the small dribble coming out of her turned into a torrent that forcefully landed on the floor beneath her.

Luna and Hermione cheered when they realized Ginny had lost. Ginny herself smiled too, she gad had fun. And she was still having fun as she was not planning on leaving to get cleaned up yet, eager to watch the remainder of their contest.

That contest did not go on for much longer, however. Minutes later, Ginny joked about that number of nargels she saw circling Hermione’s clit, forcing Hermione to start laughing. This caused a strong stream to burst out of her and although she managed to stop it again barely a second later, the damage had been done. The crotch of her white leotard had been soaked through, making it become somewhat transparent, but more importantly a small puddle had formed on the floor beneath her.

“Luna wins,” Ginny declared laughing.

In response, both Luna and Hermione – who was still about to explode – started rushing towards the bathroom, followed immediately by Ginny who obviously wanted to see what would happen. Luna and Hermione dashed into a stall, both leaving the door open. Whilst Luna had no trouble pulling down her panties, Hermione quickly found out getting out of her leotard in a panic while unable to use more than one hand.

“Ginny, help,” she exclaimed.

Before Ginny could do anything however, Luna released a gusher into the toilet and the effect of the sound that created on Hermione was immediate. She dropped back onto the toilet – still wearing her leotard, just when her body gave up and the rest of her pee started gushing out.

When her pee finally came to end, Luna saw the nargels flying around Hermione and Ginny and knew what she had to do. “By girls, this was fun,” was all she said before quickly disappearing, just in time before Ginny ripped down Hermione’s leotard...

QUESTIONS FOR CHAPTER 18

- Do Hermione and Ginny remember to go pee before going to bed? If not, do they wake up in the middle of the night about to explode, after all the drinks they had? Do they wet the bed?

- What other parts of her body could Ginny use to create lqrger, usable wings?

- What can Hermione try to apply pressure on her potion whilst brewing it, to satisfy the lacewing flies in it?

*086*2022-04-27 18:47

BONUS QUESTION (I just forgot to post thos one, lol):

- Did any housemates who visited Hogsmeade drink so much their bladders will suffer during the night?

As always, a little heads up for the (not following) fans, as long as they still appear at least somewhat active members of our community.

@DespMely

@John Cena69

@Night Rain

@Melificentfan

@TheGreatNobody

@sicarius4

@wedgeantilles

@Thar

@Luna

@MysteryGirl373

@alpheus

@Maxine

@Batman007

@peepeepants

@Tali'zorah

@Markj9494

@gfaroank

@McMango

*088*2022-04-27 21:52

{{1 hour ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Glad to see you back man! Anyways I think Hermione and Ginny should wake up in the middle of the night desperate to pee and yes I think the housemates should also be desperate.

}}

Happy to hear at least someone (besides me) still enjoys this after all this time.

*092*2022-05-01 13:14

Luckily with much less delay than the last one, here is yet another chapter. Although it hopefully was enjoyable, this should be fast enough to ensure people won't have to re-read the whole story.

As it seemed to be a popular idea and I know at least my roleplay partner from ages ago @DespMely enjoys these things, I focussed this chapter on lines. That's pretty much a first and I have to admit I struggled a little to 'fill the time' while our hero was waiting in line, so any critisism is welcomed.

@Edward45

I liked your suggestion to include Cho, but struggled to really feature her in this story as she is a Ravenclaw. I hope you like what I did manage to come up with and if you see opprtunities to revisit her character later in the story, please do not hesitate to point them out to me.

PLEASE NOTE this chapter includes some short mentions of male desperation too. If that's your thing, don't expect much of it as it isn't really my thing.

If this really isn't your thing, consider skipping this chapter. I was originally planning to keep this brief and only made it into its own chapter as people seemed interested and it got longer and longer while I was writing it. Therefore, there is no important progression in the plot in this chapter and you can safely rejoin our hero Hermione's adventures when she wakes up (again) tomorrow morning at the start of chapter 19.

CHAPTER 18

About an hour later, Hermione and Ginny had went to bed early, completely exhausted. Luckily for them, others who had been to Hogsmeade started arriving only after that and thus were none the wiser about the events that happened in the Gryffindor tower that night. They had woken up when others came in, but they had both been too tired to even realize that their bladders were filling again fast and just went back to sleep.

It was a few hours later when they – as well as likely everyone sleeping in the castle that night, were woken up by the sound of a particularly loud thunderclap, which was followed by heavy raining. This time, Hermione was obviously much more awake and with a shock she realized that she was absolutely dying to pee. She immediately crossed her legs and even squeezed her hand in between to push against her crotch. That is when she realized she was pushing directly at her crotch. There was nothing between her hand and her pussy. She forgot to put on underwear when she dropped into bed the night before!

Hermione noticed that all around her, girls were getting up and realized she could not get out of bed naked as she was. While she squirmed in place, she suddenly noticed Ginny's long red hair between the girls getting up and leaving the dorm in various stages of desperation to pee. She called out her name just loud enough for her to hear whilst hopefully not waking up anyone who might have still been asleep around her.

Luckily for Hermione, she managed to get Ginny’s attention and she walked over to her. Or in fact she more like hobbled over. Ginny was clearly dealing with a bladder about to explode too. She was wearing nothing more than a thong and a top that had apparently just been the first one she had found and did nothing to hide the shape of her nipples and even revealed plenty of her cleavage an the the sides of her boobs, that were jiggling up and down as she bounced in place while squeezing her thighs together.

“What is it,” Ginny whispered urgently. “I am about to piss myself.”

“So am I,” Hermione replied, “but I got into bed naked last night! Can you get me some underwear?”

Even though it almost made her lose some pee, Ginny giggled when she went straight to Hermione’s underwear drawer and threw the first pair of panties se could find towards her.

Hermione struggled for a while to get the underwear on underneath her bedsheets while also maintaining control over her bladder. When she eventually managed to do so, she carefully got up and – like Ginny had done – put on the first thing she could find that would cover her breasts for the walk through the common room from their dorm room to the girls' bathroom. Luckily, in her case this turned out to be an oversized sweater that even covered her panties.

Despite the fact that she was full on pee dancing, Ginny had waited for Hermione and when she was finally sort of presentable, they hurried out of the dorm together, surprisingly leaving it empty as apparently every girl in Gryffindor had left before them. As soon as they entered the common room, they were shocked by what they saw.

Besides them, boys were filing out of their dormitory. Most of them pressing their legs together and some of them even squeezing their penis through their boxers, which were all they were wearing. In front of them, their were three lines. On each side of the room their was a line consisting of only boys and only girls respectively, leading into the corresponding bathroom. In between them was a line leading out into the hallway, consisting of boys and girls together, who seemed to be equally desperate to pee as the people in the other lines, but had decided it would be faster to hurry towards a different bathroom.

“Shit,” Ginny exclaimed, untypically profane for her. “What do we do,” she asked. “I can’t wait!”

“The bathrooms near the library,” Hermione replied after thinking for a second, even though she started blushing at the thought of walking out ‘dressed' like they were alone. “I know a short route their and they are usually clean and quiet.”

Ginny followed Hermione as they made their way towards the library. On their way out, they passed Harry and Ron, who were in the line for the boys room in the Gryffindor tower. Harry did not even try to hide the fact that he stared at Ginny’s barely covered breasts and Hermione could not help blushing when she saw Ron grabbing his penis through his boxers from the corner of her eye even though she politely looked away immediatly.

The further the girls got away from the Gryffindor tower, the more students they started to pass. There were other Gryffindors who had left before them and were apparently unaware of the shortcut Hermione had taken, but they saw more and more students from other houses too. What all these students had in common, was the reason they were illegally out of bed in the middle of the night. They were all hurrying towards a bathroom. Some of the were only walking a little stiff and had even taken the time to get dressed properly, but most were either bent forward and grabbing at their crotches in sheer desperation.

When they finally reached the bathrooms near the entry to the library, both girls gasped in shock when they saw the line. Hermione was well aware there were only four stalls in this girls' room and in the line that came through the door, there were dozens of girls waiting. Apparently almost every student in Hogwarts had woken up at the same time and needed to go to the bathroom urgently.

When they joined the line, Hermione drew her wand to quickly count the girls in line and concluded there were at least forty, meaning there were about ten girls waiting in front of them per stall. Even with most of them wearing few clothes for once, she estimated that would mean they would have to wait for over twenty minutes. She groaned quietly and pressed her hand against her crotch. If she wanted to stand a chance to make it into a stall in time at all, she would have to give her sphincters any help she could and modestly keeping her sweater down and her hands away from her panties was out of the question.

Waiting in front of them, was Cho Chang, the Ravenclaw Ginny still detested for having dated Harry and always looking flawlessly. Ginny could not help smiling when she realized that right now, this could not have been further from the truth. Cho appeared to be one of the girls in the line that were in the worst situation. Her tiny white thong did nothing to hide her ass and Ginny could not imagine it covered much more at the front, although her hands might have helped with that as she was clearly pressing them into her crotch. Even from behind Ginny could see her fingertips appear between her crossed legs.

Higher up, there was not much more of Cho's normal elegance showing. Her hair was a mess and her light blue top clung to her sweaty back.

“Hey Cho,” Hermione – who thought she was actually kind of nice company – greeted Cho. “How was Hogsmeade last night?”

When Cho turned around to answer, it became clear her situation was even more dire than it had appeared from the back. Between her fingers, Ginny could see a wet spot on her thong and when she tried to answer Hermione’s question, Ginny saw a drip of liquid seep down her leg. “I drank too much,” she groaned. Her voice trembled.

All three of them knew that Cho would never make it through this line, but still it happened sooner than any of them had expected. When the line moved again, Cho started turning back around to move along, but before she had turned even half way around, it happened.

Cho froze, turned pale and squeezed every muscle in her body that could possibly hold on to her pee. Yet the contraction of her bladder, that Ginny could even see happening right above her tiny underwear, was too strong. A second drip appeared on Cho’s right thigh, immediately followed by a small stream. That was when Cho knew what was happening and gave up. She pulled her hands away and spread her legs just as a torrent of pee burst through her thong. Cho started crying and when her pee came to an end she ran away, immediately followed by two of her housemates, despite their own clear struggles with their overfilled bladders.

While Ginny could not stop smiling for a second when she saw what was happening, Hermione actually felt sorry for Cho. Both of them, however, soon felt their own bladders contract when they heard the sound of Cho’s pee hitting the floor. Hermione groaned, while Ginny bent almost double, accidently giving Harry – who was still watching her from the line for the boy's room despite being further ahead now as that line was moving faster – a view deep into her cleavage.

After that, no more accidents happened, although both Ginny and Hermione noticed wet spots on the underwear of a few of the girls returning from the bathroom, even whilst most of them tried to cover them with their hands.

About fifteen minutes later, Hermione finally entered the bathroom and as the door closed behind her, she carefully rubbed her aching peehole, no longer caring this was giving her a cameltoe now there were at least no boys watching her anymore. It did not help much, however. As she subconsciously listened to the sound of four girls emptying their clearly very full bladders, she felt her own bladder contract was again too and this time, she felt a wet spot form on her own panties.

“Oh my God, Ginny,” she whispered, “I'm not going to make it!”

When Ginny looked at Hermione she immediately noticed the wetness on her panties and despite that she felt sorry for her and the previous night had ended with both of them having a very intense orgasm, she felt her clit tingle with excitement at the realization her friend had just peed a bit while standing beside her.

“You can do it,” Ginny encouraged Hermione as much as herself. “You can pee in like, two minutes.”

Those two minutes felt like ages to Hermione, however. When finally, finally a stall opened for her, there was a wet spot on her panties at least the size of a tennis ball. She rushed into the stall, almost running over the girl that came out and when the door closed behind her she sat down on the toilet while simultaneously pulling her panties to one side, out of time to pull them down before peeing.

As a loud, relieved moan and the sound of a stream of pee even stronger than the three in the other stalls hitting the water in the toilet emerged from the stall Hermione had entered, Ginny was going insane with desperation. Her panties were still dry, but she honestly had no idea how to keep them that way even a fraction of a second longer. Her peehole felt like it was on fire. The muscles around it were burning and trembling from how hard and how long they had been squeezed shut. Her bladder felt like it was going to tear apart and her whole pelvis hurt from the pressure inside it.

Just as Ginny felt a drip make its way into her urethra, another stall opened. Ginny rushed inside and almost screamed in relieve when her pee burst out of her as soon as she squatted over the toilet, before her bum even touched the seat. Just like Hermione, she just managed to pull her underwear aside.

When Hermione and Ginny walked back towards the Gryffindor tower a few minutes later, for once, Ginny’s panties were dry while Hermione had leaked into hers. That was something Ginny would make sure she would never forget. Right now Hermione did not need to be reminded of this ‘though. She was well aware of the wet fabric that stuck to her labia and the fact there was nothing else covering her womanhood. That is why on their way back, Hermione walked fast and her face was bright red while she tried to cover her wet panties behind her hand. For now, Ginny had here own problems too. Keeping up with Hermione made her boobs bounce fiercely, especially while they climbed the stairs into the Gryffindor tower. She blushed almost as bright as Hermione as she held them with her hands, not just to stop them from bouncing out of her top, but also to hide her nipples, that were once again proudly pointing through her thin top.

END OF CHAPTER 18

As this part was not intended to become a chapter of its own and I am kinda 'in the mood' and intend to continue writing soon, there are - for once - no new questions for the next one. However, suggestions are always appreciated.

The following questions that will now still be relevant to next chapter, have so far remained pretty much unanswered. Although I will not await more replies to start working on the next chapter, ideas with regards to these questions remain specifically requested and any answers to them may very well be featured in either the next chapter or later chapters.

QUESTIONS FOR CHAPTER 19

- What other parts of her body could Ginny use to create larger, usable wings?

- What can Hermione try to apply pressure on her potion whilst brewing it, to satisfy the lacewing flies in it?

*095*2022-07-29 13:32

While - finally, yes - working on a new chapter (hopefully out tomorrow, but no promisses there) I reread some things and noticed an inconcistency. The effects of Ginny's potions lasted 24 hours before and on the latest attempt that was suddenly only an hour, as was the case for partial polyjuice potion before. I decided to correct this in a previous chapter (that you will be able to read with this fix, along with many fixed typo's and grammar mistakes when I finish this story) by having Snape hand Ginny an altered recipe when she gets feedback on her report, that makes the effects last shorter like this, so she can experiment easier. Sorry about this error. In case you noticed it and it confused you, I hope this little clarification helps.

*096*2022-07-31 08:33

CHAPTER 19

When Hermione woke up when the alarm went off the next morning her bladder once again felt full and also still sensitive from the stress she put it under the day before. She quickly got out of bed, threw the shirt she had worn on her way to the bathroom that night back on and hurried to the bathroom. Fortunately, she managed to get there when there was still a stall free this time. When she got out of the stall again relieved, she saw Ginny coming out of another stall.

While they walked back to their dormitory together, she whispered: “Feels like I’ll need to grant my bladder some rest after last night. I’m glad you’ll help me with my potion this afternoon ‘cause I really don’t think I could hold a litre myself right now.”

Ginny just giggled at that comment and asked what Hermione had time off to write her report again that morning too, which she confirmed. After a quick shower the girls got dressed and went to breakfast. They ate with Harry and Ron again like normally and breakfast went by uneventful. Afterwards, the girls went to the library.

Both girls started their reports by writing down their findings so far. Hermione wrote how her potion had had its normal effects and had made her move, but in the wrong direction and not far enough. She added how she wanted to try replacing all urine in the recipe with urine on her next attempt.

Reluctantly, knowing that professor Snape would read this, she added how that meant she would need to use urine from a second person as she felt unable to produce enough herself given that it needed to be fresh and hence could probably not be collected in two parts with enough time in between to have her own bladder refill.

Hermione obviously didn’t write down what gave her the idea, but she did add how she thought brewing the potion under pressure would make the lacewing flies in it ‘happier’ and would hopefully make her move not just the right distance, but in the right direction too. How she would do so, she wrote down as a topic for further literature research.

In the mean time, Ginny had had less findings to write about and had already been back to studying human anatomy. Reluctantly, she concluded it wouldn’t be a good idea to mess with the shape of her head or thorax, she needed her hands to steer her flight and without feet she wouldn’t be able to land safely, meaning she would have to look into possibilities to use internal organs to create more surface for her wings.

When Hermione put her pen down and stopped focussing, she noticed a fairly strong twinge in her bladder. It didn’t feel like her bladder was that full, but it clearly needed emptying. She got up and told Ginny she had to go pee. Apparently, that made the redhead realise she needed to go too, and probably even a little more urgent as she squeezed her thighs together for a moment while she finished her own report, before getting up to accompany Hermione to the bathroom. While they walked there, she talked Hermione through her conclusions.

When the girls had once again relieved themselves, Hermione reminded Ginny how Snape had suggested they handed in their reports before lunch this time, so he could read them during the lunch break and they could discuss them and do more research right from the start of their class that afternoon.

“That means I’ll probably start brewing half an hour into class and I’ll need our urine after about two hours,” Hermione said. “I think that should work out if we both drink two glasses with lunch like I normally do and don’t go pee anymore from now, don’t you think so.”

“Two hours sounds like a long time two hold two glasses of pumpkin juice worth of urine right now,” Ginny replied hesitantly, “but that makes sense so I’ll guess I’ll just have to try.”

After they had packed their stuff back in the library, the girls went to the dungeons to hand in their reports to Snape and then back to the great hall for lunch, where they once again sat with Harry and Ron. Over lunch, the boys kept talking about how great their night at Hogsmeade had been while mostly Ginny tried to convince them their ‘girls night’ with Luna had been great fun too, obviously without telling them about what exactly they had been doing. Hermione felt a bit self-conscious to talk about that even without actually mentioning what they had been doing and kept mostly quiet. She also felt a little nervous when she drank her pumpkin juice. Sure, she did so every day, but her bladder still felt a bit sore.

Back in the dungeons after lunch, Snape told his students they were to stay in his classroom and could discuss their findings with their classmates until they would have had their turn to discuss their report with him, but afterwards they were free to either go to the library for more literature research or start a new attempt to brew something immediately. As always, he added how he expected students to actually be in his classroom or in the library and not take any detours on there way between them, and how they should ask him if they needed any ingredients that weren’t there. What was new, was that he told them they could also request permission to go consult other teachers if they could convince him that was the most useful next step for their research at some point.

“How do you think I could brew a potion under pressure,” Hermione asked Ginny, who sat beside her.

Ginny thought for a moment and then replied: “You should definitely look this up in the library later, but maybe you can have a lid push inwards on your cauldron with some spell or something like that.”

“That sounds plausible,” Hermione agreed, honestly a little surprised Ginny came up with something she really hadn’t thought about yet herself yet.

“And what organs do you think I could move,” Ginny asked in return.

“I think that could be about anything,” Hermione replied. “We saw before when you moved your bladder that connecting vessels are just stretched. Moving your hearth would probably make your blood pressure higher in some parts of your body and lower in others ‘though, so I think that would be a bad idea. But maybe lungs would work? We have seen it work with your bladder and maybe your spleen, liver, stomach, intestines, kidneys and even your uterus could work too? I think they have all got some significant size.”

Just then, Snape called Hermione to his desk. When she stood up, she felt her bladder twinge. She wasn’t really surprised by that given that she had drunk as much as always despite how her bladder had felt that morning after the strain she had put it under. She clenched her thighs together for a second in response before walking over to Snape’s desk and gladly sitting back down, which granted her bladder some relieve, although she knew full well that would only be temporary.

“Miss Granger,” Snape said, “I understand that you think increasing the amount of urine in your potion will increase how far you move and I agree that replacing all the water by it seems to be plausible enough of a solution to be worth another attempt.”

Hermione smiled at what she thought was a huge compliment on her ideas, coming from Snape. He, however, continued:

“Although I am disappointed it didn’t cross your mind sooner, I also believe your idea pressure is needed to sooth the lacewing flies in the potion. However, I saw no means to accomplish this yet in your report.”

While Snape gad been talking, Hermione had felt her bladder start to contract more and more fiercely and she couldn’t stop herself from squirming around a bit despite the fact that she knew someone probably noticed it given that she was at the front of the classroom. Therefore, she was blushing quite a bit when she replied:

“I just discussed that with Ginny, professor. She came up with the idea of trying to use a spell I can hopefully find in the library to make a lid push down on my cauldron during brewing.”

Snape thought for a moment before he replied: “That sounds possible and such a new technique is exactly what I hope some of you will find during this course. I am not so sure that resembles the pressure in a pile of lacewing flies closely enough to make it work ‘though, but maybe that is worth a try if you have no better idea, especially as you can combine it with testing out your idea of replacing all the water in the potion with urine.”

“I read in your report that your are planning to alter the recipe for your potion in a third way,” Snape continued, unable to suppress a slight smile. “Why is it that you want to use urine of multiple humans now instead of just your own like you did before?”

Despite that she had seen that question coming, Hermione felt herself blush even brighter when she replied. She also couldn’t help squeezing her legs together and even bending forward a bit in response to the effect of what Snape was suggesting on her, by now slightly painful and still quickly increasing urge to pee.

“As I wrote in my report,” she replied, “I don’t think I would be able to produce that much urine at once by myself and given that the urine used clearly needs to be freshly produced, I thought producing it in batches might not have been a good idea.”

“I agree,” Snape replied. “I am not so sure what the effects of this chance will be, however. You may need to be... motivated a bit more to actually do what it takes to brew a potion like this. You may go now and send miss Weasley over here. I take it that you requested her to help you again and by the looks of it you can’t handle much of a delay in your brewing I could cause by inviting others first.”

Thoroughly embarrassed by Snape implying that he had noticed how badly she had to pee, Hermione hurried back to her place, taking small steps to avoid upsetting her bladder even more.

Ginny, in the meantime, hadn’t had a much easier time. She hobbled to Snape’s desk while keeping her thighs together at all times.

“Your experiment was nice,” Snape told, “but I don’t think you’ll succeed at your idea, miss Weasley. The problem you encountered may be unsolvable. I don’t think madam Pomfrey will agree with placing any internal organs on the surface of your wings to extend them.”

“Can I go ask her,” Ginny tried, while she rubbed her burning bladder below the desk. Snape agreed.

Ginny made her way back to Hermione, who had been preparing ingredients for her potion, where she told her friend about what she had discussed with Snape. Hermione had just finished these preparations and together the girls set off towards the library again. As soon as the classroom door closed behind them, they both, simultaneously used the relative privacy of the empty dungeon corridor to give their crotch a quick squeeze, before continuing their painful walk to the library.

While Ginny tried to focus on reading about anatomy once again, Hermione was jiggling her legs more and more while she tried to find a spell to put pressure on a cauldron. Half an hour later, she finally found the answer. By then her bladder and her peehole felt like they were on fire and her fingers had unconsciously made their way back in between her thighs. When Hermione got up, she immediately concluded that she had found all she would be able too, despite that probably not being true – and quickly followed. She groaned as getting up tortured her bladder even more.

Just before the girls got back into Snape’s classroom, Ginny suddenly doubled over, hissed through her teeth and jammed her hands into her crotch. Despite all that, she felt a dribble wet her thong.

“We really need to go to a bathroom immediately,” she moaned.

Hermione, fortunately still able to walk although barely, rushed into the classroom and towards Snape.

“I-I found a suitable spell,” she reported stuttering while almost running on the spot. “Can we go collect our pee,” she asked, straightforwardly this time to avoid losing time to have Snape her spell it out anyway again.

Snape grinned, but agreed and Hermione grabbed her bag to have flasks with her and rushed back out. Behind the door, she found Ginny. And what a sight it was. Ginny had lifted up her skirt and was vigorously rubbing her crotch through her thong, that was now pretty much soaked through.

“I won’t make it,” she moaned, although she was merely stating the obvious. “G-give me a flask. I’ll go... there,” she added, pointing towards the dark, far corner of the dungeon corridor.

Hermione was shocked for a second but when she noticed a dribble glistening down Ginny’s leg, she dug into her bag and pulled out a flask seconds later.

Ginny grabbed it out of her hand and when she dug into the corner, she ordered: “Cover me!”

Hermione pressed her own skirt into her crotch once more, but did as she was asked and stood in front of Ginny. When she heard the strong stream her friend let out hit the bottom of the flask, she groaned loudly and felt herself leak just like Ginny had been doing. Fortunately, Ginny finished relatively soon and after grabbing the filled flask from her and throwing it back into her bag, she raced off towards the bathroom. She wanted nothing more than to let go but she was too shy to do what Ginny had done and felt like she could make it.

In the nearest bathroom, Hermione rushed into a stall where she pulled her panties aside and squatted over a flask, letting go before she even locked the door. When her bladder was finally empty, she wiped her vulva and dapped her thong dry as much as possible with some toilet paper before moving her clothes back into place. When she closed her flask, she was glad to notice she had peed about 600mL, even more than she had anticipated. Still, she felt a bit disappointed at how desperate she had felt to relieve such a relatively small amount of pee. She quickly forgot about that when she noticed that Ginny had peed slightly less but had also produced more than 500mL, so she had more than enough.

Not wanting to raise more suspicion about her condition than she had undoubtedly already done, she hurried back to the classroom. In there, Hermione noticed Ginny wasn’t there, but she quickly learned she had gone to talk to madam Pomfrey.

Hermione continued working on her potion, applying the spell she had found in an old book on obscure potion making techniques and using all her urine, combined with most of Ginny’s. She noticed her potion turning a bright shade of red as opposed to the green she was used too. She took a moment to backtrack her steps, but she found no obvious mistakes and nervously went up to Snape’s desk to have her potion checked anyway.

After Hermione told Snape what she had done and what had happened, Snape said she had obviously triggered an unknown effect, but that could either be good or bad. After he ran his usual safety checks, just when Ginny got back into the classroom Snape told Hermione she could safely try her potion just like the last time, although something appeared wrong and it might not have all its normal effects.

Ginny quickly handed a small flask carrying just a hair to Hermione before she once again stood about three meters from Hermione, with enough space behind her in case Hermione would overshoot her target and this time also around Hermione, in case she would move in the wrong direction again.

When Hermione drank her potion, she giggled surprised when she felt that it was this time her vulva that was changing shape. Apparently, Ginny had given her a pubic hair. She was still really curious about what would happen next, however. Soon, she felt herself apparate again.

When she looked, she first saw that she had moved sideways, this time. Apparently, she immediately concluded, applying pressure during brewing had an effect on the direction she moved in, but as Snape had expected, it wasn’t the solution yet. Better, was that she appeared to have moved almost the three metres that had been between them this time, so that she would have ended up right in front of Ginny as intended if she would have moved in the right direction.

Only then, Hermione realised more and more of her classmates started laughing and cheering and only when she saw Ginny point at her body speechless, Hermione looked down and saw what else had happened. She was naked, completely naked. Apparently, she immediately realised, combining urine from two different people had been a bad idea.

Hermione squealed and threw one arm across her chest and a hand in front of her – or actually Ginny’s - pussy. She turned around to run out of the classroom, but noticed her clothes were on the floor, right where she had stood before and instead grabbed her robe, threw it over her shoulders and clamped it shut with her hands to cover herself up.

“Miss Weasley, could you please escort miss Granger to your dormitory to make herself presentable again,” Snape asked calmly, although he couldn’t help smiling.

QUESTIONS FOR CHAPTER 20

- How does Hermione respons to having stood in front of her class naked?

- Does Hermione make any use of her remaining time with Ginny’s pussy now that she unexpectedly got to leave the classroom before it would transform back?

- What precautions should Hermione take on her next attempt at brewing perfect (partial) polyjuice potion to make any mistakes like the one she just made have less embarrassing consequences?

- Now knowing that she needs a full litre of fresh urine from a single person, how does Hermione try to obtain that for her next attempt? Should she try to drink more and hold that much herself? Should she ask someone else (who she thinks might have a larger bladder)?

*097*2022-07-31 08:46

@DespMely

@Night Rain

@Melificentfan

@TheGreatNobody

@sicarius4

@wedgeantilles

@Thar

@Luna

@alpheus

@Maxine

@Batman007

@peepeepants

@Tali'zorah

@Markj9494

@gfaroank

@McMango

@LifeIsStrange

@Edward45

