Daniel and Amy - Page 2

*027*2016-03-28 00:24

Chapter 13:

They all sat around the rectangular dining table. Sue and Sonia sat facing each other at one end, Amy sat on the other end, with Dan sitting beside his mum but next to Amy. The small talk started. As the grown ups talked, Dan learned that Sonia and her husband Phil, along with his daughter Alison, a product of his first marriage, had moved to NZ where she had been promoted to a regional manager position of the real estate company that she worked for. Sonia's mother lived there, and Phil was from there, so they both had family living in the area they moved to.

They were only there a month or so, when Sonia started getting morning sickness, and learned that she was pregnant with Amy, so she quit shortly after. Amy was born, but when she was 2, her father had suddenly dropped dead unexpectedly with a massive heart attack. Finding herself as a suddenly widowed single mother with a 10 year old step daughter and 2 year old toddler, Sonia was glad of the support that was on hand from her mother, and Phils family. Between them, they helped raise the girls.

Sonia's mother eventually wanted to return to Perth, and when Alison was struggling to get a job, she applied and was accepted into a veterinary medicine course at Curtin University, so the decision to move back was complete. They had arrived back in January, before school started, and Alison was living with her boyfriend in a flat near the Uni, and Sonia's mum was happy in a retirement village nearby. Only Sonia and Amy lived here, hence they only needed a small house. It was a 3 bed 2 bathroom dwelling, but did have a small pool out the back. Sonia had recently gone back to selling real estate again.

While this important grown up chatter was going on, Amy and Dan really couldn't have another conversation going at the same time. But somehow, the talk flowed easily, and all four of them participated to some degree. Sue and Dan shared their story, and within half an hour, everyone was relaxed and chatty. The only thing not being discussed was why the kids were going to see an incontinence doctor, and for Dan at least, it was like an elephant in the room. He wanted to know about Amy, but was silently dreading the possibility of his own issues being brought up. He thought that Amy must've been thinking along the same lines. From time to time they made eye contact with each other, and cringed a bit when the adults started talking about them.

Eventually Amy took the lead. "Mum, can we be excused please? I want to show Dan my music files."

"Sure honey, have fun. If you want to take any nibbles with you, go for it."

The kids quickly excused themselves and Amy led the way down the hall towards her bedroom. Dan followed her, unable to keep his eyes off the sight of her slim legs and little feet that were covered in her long stripey socks. He didn't know why this intrigued him so much, as he'd never considered himself to be a "leg man" before, but he found her skirt and socks combination one of the hottest things he'd ever seen.

Amy had a double bed in her room, along with a desk holding the obligatory laptop, TV and games console, which seems to be basic equipment in most teenagers rooms. He noticed she had an Xbox, so the conversation started there. He was a PS guy himself, so the basic debate about the pros and cons of each system raged briefly. He discovered that she also gamed on her PC, and seemed to have a pretty good knowledge about gaming in general, (for a girl!).

She switched on her laptop, and they sat side by side on the edge of her bed, close, but not quite touching. It was the closest Dan had ever been to a girl he wasn't related to, and he was like hyper aware of everything. He could smell the shampoo on her hair, the deodorant she used, the general smell of girliness in the room. He had listened for the tell tale crinkle of a plastic sheet on the bed as they sat down, but hadn't heard it. Her bed did have a thick doona in it though. He couldn't help but think about how his bed crinkled when he sat on it, and the ever so faint but lingering smell of pee that it got overnight, before he opened his window in the morning. The thought of letting her see and smell his room made him shudder.

She asked if he had heard much of 21Pilots, a hip hop group. Dan wasn't big on rap or hip hop, but agreed to listen to it. He was pleasantly surprised by what he heard, and their next conversation started with a music based theme. After a couple of songs, Amy went to the door and peeked out. She shut the door, without completely closing it, turned to him and said

"I don't know exactly what you're thinking, but I'll bet it's kinda like what I'm thinking. We met where we did today for a reason, and I'm curious."

Before he could speak, she continued, " I guess it's obvious that we both have some kinda problems, or we wouldn't be going to Doctor Singh. Now I don't know about you, but I'm bloody sick and tired of having stuff wrong with me that I can't talk about with other kids. For a long time I've hoped to find somebody around my age who might understand what it's like to be our age and have old people problems. If you don't want to go into detail that's fine, I won't push you or be nosey. But just answer one question, you can just nod or shake your head if you want to, and I promise I won't push it."

Dan felt speechless. This was the moment he had been dreading, but also dreaming of. The chance to talk to another kid who would understand. It was bad enough talking to your mum about it. I mean, she was supportive and loving enough about it, and understood what he was going through to a certain extent, but being loving was kinda her job, and he doubted she could ever truly understand what he was going through. He really needed to talk with another kid who was suffering through the same stuff as he was. The fact that he found this particular kid to be smoking hot probably didn't help, but he still wouldn't swap her for anyone else. He felt a light bead of sweat break out on his forehead.

He forced himself to make eye contact, and clasped his hands together in his lap to stop the trembling he felt.

Amy took a breath with her eyes closed. She opened them again, then looked at him directly.

In a soft voice she almost whispered, "Dan, do you ever have accidents and wet your pants or bed?"

He nodded slowly, unsure about exactly whether he had just made the biggest, most monumental stuff up of his life, or if he had done a good thing with being honest to a beautiful girl he hardly knew about his darkest secret.

She smiled at him. Not a shy smile, but a genuine smile of pure happiness, a smile of childlike wonder. Suddenly she seemed younger than she had before. He sort of realised that the piercings, make up and punky hair, as well as that sweet direct smile he had seen her use were all in an effort to look older and more mature. But this smile touched her eyes. Her face lit up, and she exhaled a big breath.

"I've been waiting so long to talk to someone like you!" she murmured.

"My name is Amy, I'm 14, and I wet my pants. I also wet my bed. I can't help it. I wear nappies!"

Before he could speak, she continued. "I just wet myself a bit right now...."

*028*2016-03-28 01:07

Chapter 14:

Amy stood there, saying nothing more. Her eyes looked moist, but she wasn't crying. Her hands twisted nervously together in her lap. Dan sat speechless. He was still trembling himself. Their eyes stayed locked together. He was shaking, and also aware of the raging boner that was pushing against the padding of his pull up. He also felt a sudden urge to pee.

Her voice sounded quiet and shaky, "Welll, are you gonna say anything?"

Dan didn't want to stand up because of the bulging hardness in his shorts, so he remained on the bed. He smiled back at her, took a deep breath and replied.

"My name is Dan. I'm 14. I've wet the bed my entire life, but I started wetting my pants during the day about a year ago. I wear pull ups all the time. I don't always wet a lot, but I get urges to pee that I can't always control, and I leak if I don't go to the toilet right away. When I saw you today at the hospital, I had wet my pull up a bit before I made it to the toilet. I had another leak in the car on the way home, and had to change. I'm dry at the moment, but I suddenly have a real need to go, and if you don't tell me where the toilet is I'll probably wet myself in the next 5 minutes!"

There was a silence. Neither spoke, but they maintained eye contact. Then just like what had happened between Dan and his mum before, they both started laughing. It was good laughing too. Real, genuine happy laughter. Both kids felt like a huge weight had been lifted. For so long they had both felt constrained by their problems. It was so easy to believe that they were the only ones who faced these issues, even if they knew that to be untrue. But suddenly, they had both found a Soulmate of sorts. They were strangers, but also suddenly friends. Bonded by the very thing that made them outsiders in their relative peer groups. While they didn't yet know each other, they liked each other on sight, and had bonded as closely as possible considering that they were in effect still strangers.

"Come on Dan, I'll show you to the loo. Then we're going for a walk. I want to hear as much as you'll tell me, and also tell you as much as you want to know. My problems are a bit more involved than just wetting occasionally, and I just want to talk, if you'll listen that is?"

Dan stood up. He tentatively reached out and took her hand. He hadn't even held hands with a girl before, and he expected it to seem awkward, but it didn't. They maintained a gap between them, and the only physical contact was the feeling of each other's hand lightly grasping each other. But there was a spark there.

"You probably do understand it I guess, but I'm the same. My biggest fear is always people finding out, but I really want to talk to someone about it. Someone who gets it. If you want to talk, I'll listen. But you gotta listen to me as well. Deal?"

Amy smiled and nodded, not trusting herself to speak.

Dan added, "But I REALLY need to go to the loo first!"

This broke the intense mood, and they left the bedroom to find the toilet at the other end of the hall.

*031*2016-03-28 10:36

{{

Is Dan the only one to be having those sort of feelings in the first paragraph of the latest chapter?

}}

I am pretty sure that the attraction is mutual.

But you need to remember the entire basis that it's built on. These are young teenagers, neither of which have ever been in a relationship before. There is a mutual physical attraction, but their bond is formed more over the fact that they share an issue that can't readily be discussed amongst their usual peer group. Suddenly, after both being labeled as social pariahs for so long, they manage the incredible. They have both managed to meet a member of the opposite sex, who doesn't appear to be disabled in any significant way, who experiences the identical problems that they face.

I see it as a feeling of relief so far. A desire to make a connection with another kid who might understand what each other is thinking. They probably don't even fully understand exactly what a physical attraction constitutes yet. Dan has only just realised that he likes girls wearing socks with short skirts. If you had have asked him yesterday, he probably would have said he liked tits and arse, because that would be what was expected from him.

I think Amy is more about an emotional connection. But it doesn't hurt that neither of them are exactly ugly, but at the same time neither are supremely gorgeous either. There's something about Amy, (pun intended!) that just naturally attracted Dan at first sight. Amy, on the other hand seems to find her attraction towards him firstly based on his situation and general niceness, and his looks seem secondary to that.

But remember. I'm making this up one sentence at a time, and I don't really know for sure myself yet.

Let's see what happens !

{{

This is getting to be amazingly Awsome

}}

Thank you so much! I'm glad others are enjoying it as much as I am!

*033*2016-03-28 12:32

Chapter 15:

Amy led Dan to the toilet. As badly as he wanted to go, he paused.

"Do you need to go first? After all, you just, ummm, well, sort of wet a bit?" He trailed off slowly. When he had started speaking, it just seemed like the right thing to say, but even as the words were spilling out, he realised he was talking to a girl about wetting her pants.

Thankfully, she just softly laughed.

"No Dan, it wasn't big. I'm wearing good protection so it's alright. I don't really need to go, but sometimes when I get super nervous, or laugh, sneeze or cough to hard, I might leak a little bit. That's all that happened. I leaked. I don't really need to go, I just got a bit stressed as I talked to you,"

Dan didn't want to stand around debating the issue. He needed to pee immediately, and really didn't want to pee his pants in front of this girl who currently was fascinating him so much. He quickly entered the toilet, shut the door, and pulled down his pants and pull up. Because of the current state he found his boyhood in, he decided that sitting down would probably be a safer option. It actually took him maybe a minute to start the flow going, and the relief was incredible. After he had finished, he pulled his pants up, flushed, then found the bathroom so he could wash his hands.

Upon returning to the bedroom, he encountered Amy sitting cross legged on the bed. As he passed in front of her, he risked taking in the view of her legs and feet, all tightly encased in their stripey socks. But as he looked down, he caught a glance of her nappy poking out underneath her skirt. He swallowed quickly, then averted his gaze until he had walked around the bed to again sit beside her.

"Didya make it ok?" she asked.

He just gulped and nodded, not really knowing exactly how to react to such a direct question.

"No problem " he muttered.

"Soooo, you wanna go for a walk? We can talk without our pairs butting in?"

"I do, but I've gotta be honest, I'm scared shitless though" he admitted.

Again she laughed, and again he was treated to the sight of the real girl hiding beneath the tough facade that she put on for the rest of the world. He saw the vulnerable girl beneath, and could sense her fear and worry about what they were going to do. They were both going to open up to each other. It would be the first time in their young lives that they had ever talked about their embarrassing issues with another kid of the same age, and not a parent, teacher or doctor. He knew that he was scared, but could see that she was as well, but was tough enough to get on with it and just open up about it.

It was a weird thing to think, but he suspected that he may even love her a bit already. Her mixture of toughness, innocence and straightforward-ness, combined with the physical attraction he had felt from the first moment he had seen her, meant that his heart was already well on the way to becoming lost.

"So, what do you wear?" She asked.

"For protection? Just pull ups" he shyly responded.

"Yeah, but there's pull ups and then there's pull ups" Amy said. "What sort?"

"Goodnights" answered Dan. "Just the basic teenage sized Goodnights."

Amy looked stunned. "You mean the kiddies ones? From the supermarket?"

"Yeah, why?" He asked, a bit more defensively than he intended too.

Amy swallowed, obviously aware that she had nearly overstepped the mark. They were walking over dangerous ground, and hurt feelings or embarrassment were going to be a constant challenge, so they both recognised the need to tread carefully while talking about it.

"I didn't mean to sound rude" she replied, "but don't they leak a bit?"

Dan sighed, again thinking to himself that he was sure sighing a lot lately, before answering. "Yeah. You're right they do. I've worn them to bed ever since I was little, and they were always good. But since my daytime accidents started, I've been wearing them during the day, and they don't work as well. If I just have a leak they're okay, but their not much good if I have a big accident. I've only just started wearing them to school, and mum made me try them out at home first, you know, like deliberately wet them and stuff. I tried 'em sitting down, walking, standing, and all sorts of stuff, on purpose like, just to see what would happen. They go okay, but I don't trust them not to, you know, like leak everywhere."

This was the biggest speech he'd ever given about his special underwear, even to his mother, and he could feel the flushing heat on his cheeks. But, if they were going to talk, he was determined he would talk. "Mum actually bought me some adult stuff today for the first time. There's some grown up pull up stuff, like Goodnights but bigger and thicker, and some real adult diapers that sorta tape on as well. I'm gonna try wearing them to bed, and see if they stop the leaks. I don't think I'll wear 'em to school though, the pull up ones I mean. They look kinda bulky. I think they were called Molipants or something.

Amy's eyes lit up. "Molicare you mean? Maybe like these?"

She layed across her bed and leaned over the edge, putting her head at floor level and looking underneath. This made her skirt ride up, and made her diapered butt briefly visible. Dan marvelled at the sight of her thick diaper, fully encasing her butt, leaving a strip of bare leg above her long socks. Once again, he felt himself stirring down below.

Amy sat up, holding two packages she had retrieved from under her bed. They were the same ones that Dans mum had bought for him earlier. This time, he actually handled the packs and read the description and instructions on the back.

"Really Daniel. These are brilliant. I haven't worn the kiddies pull ups for ages. I wear these to school, and these tape up ones to bed. Trust me. It doesn't matter what you do in these, they don't leak."

Something about the way she said that triggered a reaction in Dan. But before he could ask, she went on, "I mean I can wet heaps, maybe 2-3 times a night and the diapers never leak, and I've had to wear the pull ups for hours, and used them more than once while I've been running around and stuff, but they rarely leak. They're great!"

Dan looked intrigued. "I guess I'll get to try them out tonight. I suppose it must be better than these." With that, he gestured to his pants.

"No need to wait. Put one of these pull up ones on now, before we go for a walk, you'll see how comfortable they are!"

"Amy. I can't. What'll mum say? She knows I didn't bring any. "

Amy pulled one out of the package. "Don't be ridiculous. She won't know. You put one on now, we go for a walk, and you change into your kiddie pull up when we get back. She'll never know!"

There was something about the way Amy had said "your kiddie pull up" that bugged him. He had thought that it would be impossible to feel any worse about wearing pull ups to start with, but now she had managed to make him feel even worse because he wore "kiddie pull ups" and not adult ones. It was weird, but if wearing adult diapers instead of kids ones would somehow make him more attractive or mature in Amy's eyes, then he would do it.

At this stage, he would probably set fire to his balls if he thought that it would make her happy or somehow impress her.

He took the Molicare pull up, and went to the bathroom. Once there, he stripped down and changed, folding his Goodnight up, and putting it on the bench. Before he pulled his pants back up, he marvelled at the feeling and sight of the grown up pull up. It was so much thicker and heavier than what he was used to. But it felt so safe, secure and comfortable as well. It was like wearing a fluffy warm cloud around his genitals. After wearing kids nappies for his whole life, this first taste of grown up protection was tantalising. He wondered how much pee it could hold...... No he wouldn't deliberately use it, but he did wonder. He was concerned about how noticeable it would be under his pants, but when he pulled them up, he didn't think it was any more than marginally more obvious. After checking his reflection out front and back a few times, he picked up his dry "kiddie pull up" from the sink, and headed back to Amy's room.

He walked in, and feeling mischievous he performed a pirouette. "What do you think" he asked, "does my bum look big in this?"

Amy shrieked with laughter, then surprised him by grabbing him on the butt firmly and saying, "No way, your bums still cute!"

They briefly made eye contact again, but before an uncomfortable silence could build, she piped up and said, "C'mon. Let's go for this walk!"

*037*2016-03-28 22:34

Chapter 16:

The kids headed back to the kitchen. Their parents had moved into the lounge, and were sitting on the couch, looking at photos on Sonia's laptop. The bottle of wine was more than half gone, and a second bottle had been added to the ice bucket. Dan, feeling a bit self conscious about the thick nappy he was now wearing, tried to shield himself behind Amy as she stood at the door.

"Dan and I want to go for a walk to the shop, then the park. Is that ok mum?"

Sonia barely noticed, but said "It's fine with me baby, if Sue doesn't mind?" and she raised an enquiring eyebrow at her friend.

"No, that's fine. Just be careful, and don't be gone all day."

Sonia reached for her purse and pulled out $20. "Take this, and grab something to eat. But no ice cream, alright?" She shot Amy a glance as she said this.

Amy stepped in, took the money, and said somewhat sheepishly "No way will I get ice cream. Thanks mum!"

With that, the kids left, Dan feeling like he was walking a bit funny with the much thicker bulk than usual between his legs, but he realised that it was probably just his imagination.

"Why can't you have ice cream?" he asked, as they started walking down the footpath.

"It really doesn't agree with me, and I shouldn't have it, but I love it" Amy replied, "But it acts up on me a bit. I'll explain later. So what do you think of the pull up? Comfortable or what? You'll be so surprised at how well they work compared to your other ones."

Dan agreed it was indeed comfortable, and he liked how much thicker and secure it felt, but if he had his way, he wouldn't ever be using it in front of Amy.

"So do ya want to tell me your story?" He asked.

Amy smiled at him and said "I do, but let's get to the park first. It's more private, and I hate the thought that people can hear us as we walk down the street. There's a playground there, and a shop next door. We'll grab some drinks and stuff and sit in the playground if it's empty."

"Ok. Sounds like a plan. But I've got to ask you about your school. Your mum said you go to Saint Margarets? That's the girls school run by nuns isn't it? I go to Saint Marks, we're Roman Catholic and run by priests. It's pretty strict with its uniform code and all, and you don't really look like a typical Catholic school girl. Don't they have issues with the way you have your hair and stuff?"

She laughed. "Your right there! I've had some run ins with the nuns before. But your seeing the weekend me, not the going to school me. I can have my ear piercings in alright, but not the nose ring. These streaks in my hair are just a temporary spray on thing that wash out with a good scrubbing, and I can't wear my lippy or eyeliner. No make up at all really, except for basic stuff to like hide pimples with and stuff. But I think I look sooo young without my nose ring and makeup, so I just wear it at home."

She paused briefly. "I guess it sounds kinda silly, but my wetting and stuff makes me feel really babyish you know? So I guess I kinda try to grow up a little bit when I can. Being a boy, you probably wouldn't understand, but I spent sooo long waiting for my boobs to grow. When I was growing up, before I started, I don't know, developing I guess, I used to spend hours looking in the mirror, waiting for a sign that I was growing up. I guess I thought that it would compensate for the way I pee in my pants. Sounds stupid I know."

Dan was stunned. It was exactly what he had been doing. In the back of his mind he thought that perhaps adolescent boys and girls might have a lot more in common than he previously thought.

He found himself reaching for her hand again, and again she just took it without any qualms. "You don't know how well I understand that way of thinking," he said, and for the rest of the walk he talked about doing exactly the same sort of thing himself. Amy added some more, and by the time they reached the shop, they both realised that incontinence wasn't all they had in common.

"Want to share a big bottle of coke?" Asked Amy. Well get that and some chips to munch on?

Dan agreed, but with some quiet reservations. He loved coke, but it seemed like lately it just went straight through him. He'd had it twice so far today, and after both times he'd been needing to pee badly within half an hour. He did suggest some flavoured milk instead, but Amy said that was another thing she wasn't supposed to have, so coke it was.

They got to the little neighbor hood park with its grassy area, small playground complete with a raised fort with a slide and ladders, a swing set, and benches. Apart from a lady throwing a frisbee for a Labrador over the other side, it was deserted. Without even talking about it, they climbed up into the fort part and sat down facing each other with their backs against the opposite walls and their legs crossed Indian style. Dan got another glimpse of Amy's diaper as she crossed her legs. She pulled her shoes off without undoing the laces, and started absentmindedly playing with her stockinged foot as she got comfortable. Again, Dan was surprised at how much the combination of her skirt, socks and nappy intrigued him, but he stayed in control alright this time, at least for now.

"There's umm, no toilets here is there?"

"No there's not. The closest is at the gas station down the road, but don't worry, you'll be fine" Amy assured him.

"Yeah. Umm, it's just that, coke kinda makes me need to pee a lot you know?"

"Yeah. Me too. But we're not going to be here all day, plus you've got a decent pull up on now. Trust me. You'll be fine!"

"Ahhh ok I guess. But I don't want to have an accident if I can help it, you know?"

"Daniel, when you spend as much time weeing in your pants as I do, it becomes a non event. It's not a big deal, and if it happened I wouldn't even mention it. It's our secret remember? It's what we're doing, sharing our secrets. I really couldn't care less if you had an accident. Your going to change when we go home anyway, and there's only us who'll ever know about it. But if you need to go, we can cut through those bushes and be at the gas station in 5 minutes."

Heartened by this little speech, Dan got comfortable and reached for the 2 litre coke they had bought. He took a big swig, passed it to her and said, "Okay. You've convinced me. I'll be fine."

He continued, "So Catholic girl Amy, do you want to tell me your story? I'll listen if you're ready."

*040*2016-03-29 06:17

Thanks so much to everyone whose replied with such nice feedback. I was kind of expecting to cop some criticism, maybe negative or at best constructive. But so far, you guys seem to be enjoying it as much as I am.

I'm not kidding when I say I'm making it up as I go. My first object was introduce Daniel, but to try and get inside his head and offer a feasible reason for his thoughts and actions. The pacifier bit wasn't ever a part of it. It just seemed to happen as I wrote the first chapter, and I went with it. I'm still not 100% sure where I'm going with it, but I've got a vague idea.....

Originally, I planned on introducing Amy by chapter 3 or 4, but as I wrote, I felt that I needed some more meat on Dans character, so the whole school/bus thing just sort of happened, followed by the deliberate wetting with the pacifier.

I knew where the kids were going to meet, so that part was easy.

But that's as far as I had really thought about it. Now, I have so many ideas that keep changing.

One thing I don't want to do is turn it into a pure wetting/desperation story. Sure, that's a big part, but it's supposed to be more than that. We are meant to get inside these kids heads, and feel some connection with them.

The main reason I settled on 14 as their age, is to avoid turning it into a sleazy teen sex story. Our heroes are very young, too young to be experimenting with sex, but certainly old enough to feel attraction and arousal.

To me, it's a story of first love, and all it entails. The angst, worry, nervousness and self examination that it brings, but views through the eyes of kids that are still young enough to be innocent and not yet tainted by sex. Combined with their problems, it should be harder for them to feel comfortable with others, so they find solace in each other's company.

And it's still a better love story than Twilight. Lol

Please continue heaping praise on my unworthy head, but don't be afraid to criticise or offer suggestions. I'm a big boy, I can take it.

*041*2016-03-29 11:44

Chapter 17:

Amy smiled. "I can't believe this. I've waited for so long to hopefully find someone who would understand, and now you're here, I don't know what to say!"

Dan had another mouthful of coke, and passed her the bottle. "Just tell me about it. Have you always had problems, or did they happen as you grew up, how bad is it, that sort of thing."

She considered this, then shyly asked, "Do you wanna go first? Tell me your story? Please?"

Dan shrugged. If you had have told him this morning, that by mid afternoon he would be sitting in a playground fort with what he considered the prettiest girl he had ever spoken with, sharing a coke and snacks, after holding hands with her, getting an occasional glimpse of the diaper she wore under her cute skirt, and be about to tell her all about his biggest secret, in detail, he would of laughed. Or cried. Or jumped off a bridge in fear. It would have been considered as possible as finding a 3 legged unicorn. But here he was. It was really happening. And surprisingly enough, he not only wanted to, but he couldn't wait to. He wanted the burden of secrecy lifted, and was actually keen to tell his story to somebody his own age who would get it.

So he did.

He told her (nearly) everything, from his earliest memories of being a late toilet trainer and running around the house in cloth diapers, to his persistent bed wetting problems. He started to tell her about a couple of memorable accidents, but she stopped him, saying they'd have fun comparing embarrassing accidents later. He told her how his night wetting was getting worse, how his day wetting was progressively getting worse, and culminated with his appointment with Dr Singh and the prognosis he had been given.

Surprisingly it didn't take long. For something that had been such a big part of his whole life, and started to impact so greatly on everything for over a year, he basically told it all in under 15 minutes.

Amy proved to be a good listener. She only interrupted him to ask questions, and never tried to talk over him with tales or occurrences of her own. When he finished, he felt flushed. He was blushing, but smiling as well, and actually felt relieved and a bit empowered. Even if she backed out and didn't fulfill her part of the mutual storytelling, he really felt better for telling her.

He just hoped that what he told her wouldn't make her not like him or anything.

Amy reached for the coke, took a swig and said, "Wow. That's pretty unlucky. To just start having new problems when you thought your old ones were gonna finish must really suck! But at least the doc thinks you'll get better, that's something I guess."

She looked around to make sure they were still alone.

"Alright then, here's my story."

"Back in New Zealand, when I was a little kid, I nagged mum for horse riding lessons. I wanted a horse sooo bad! So when I was 6, mum agreed to let me have lessons. I was a natural at it! After only a coupla lessons, I could make my horse trot and prance around all by myself. But one day, we had led the horses out of the stables, and I was super quick to mount up with no help at all. I sat there on my horse "Mistress" when another girls horse got spooked by something.

We never found out what. But her horse reared up, and she fell off. Her horse continued to jump and kick around, it was really panicking about something. It scared Mistress, and she spun around quickly to run away. I hadn't been holding on properly, cause I was looking at the other little girl who had fallen off. When Mistress turned, I fell straight off. I guess that Mistress moving so quickly scared the other horse even more, and it reared up again, and when it came down, it's front hoof landed right on my tummy squashing me."

"Oh my God" Dan shuddered. "That's fucking terrible! Did it hurt?"

Amy laughed. "Watch your language mate! That's not what I expect from a good Catholic boy!"

Red faced, he muttered "Touché. I deserved that."

She continued. "I guess it did hurt. But honestly it's a bit of a blur. I mean, I remember being in intense agony, but I can't really remember how it felt, if that makes sense. I just remember laying on the hay that was all over the ground, and not being able to breath properly or move much. I couldn't move my legs at first, and the lady instructor was yelling for me to lay still, but I wanted to get up and I couldn't. After that I must've fainted."

"It's all blurry after that. I only really remember waking up in hospital with mum and nan sitting there, and apparently it was 2 days later, and I'd had a couple of operations. The weight of the horse squashing into my belly had damaged some stuff down there. They removed my gall bladder, a bit of my spleen, and my liver and bladder were damaged. Thankfully my liver made a full recovery, but my bladder wasn't so lucky. Apparently it was touch and go for a while as to whether or not they would remove it. If they had've done that, I would've spent the rest of my life with a tube hooked up and carrying a bag around draining my wee into it. But it was only damaged, not completely fu...broken I mean."

"The doctors decided to leave it alone, and see how it healed. It did heal pretty good, but it's not 100% right. Basically, my bladder did grow to full size, not like yours, but once it gets half full or so, it just wants to empty. Also, the nerves that are s'posed to send signals to my brain to tell me when it's full are kinda messed up. On top of that, the muscles that hold the wee in don't always work properly either."

"Wow" Dan whispered, "So what does all that mean exactly?"

"It's a combination of things at once" replied Amy. "If I'm walking around, I'll usually feel a slight need to pee by the time my bladder reaches half full. I won't feel anything at all until it gets half full. But the problem is, by the time it's half full, and I realise I can feel it, it's about ready to automatically start emptying itself whether I'm ready or not. So if I'm upright and walking around, and I start feeling it, I've probably only got 5-6 minutes to find a toilet or I'll just start peeing anyway. It's worse if I'm sitting or laying down. Then, I won't even feel it until I stand up, and then the first hint I get is when I start wetting myself. "

"I also get bad stress incontinence. Even if my bladder empties, doesn't matter if it's in the toilet or my nappy, within minutes I'll squirt pee if I laugh too hard, or cough, sneeze, run, jump, or get startled. My bladder sorta clenches, and a little squirt will shoot out. If I'm half full but haven't lost control yet, that clench will be enough to make me flood completely. I'm a real mess down there."

"But surely they can do something?" Dan questioned.

Amy smiled softly. Dr Singh gave me the same kinda spiel he gave you. He believes that a series of operations can correct at least most of my problems. I'll need one to try and re-attach the damaged nerve endings, at least 2 other ones to strengthen the control muscle thingies, and perhaps one to sort of inflate it to stretch it into shape. But same as you. He won't think about it until my body has stopped growing. He said if they did it now, I'd need to do it all again after my body grew more. "

"But I'm always going to have some problems though. They can make it better, but most likely never fully fix it. I'm gonna be wetting myself all my life, at least partly."

With that, she sniffed, then a sob escaped her. "I don't wanna spend the rest of my life needing nappies Dan! I want a career, I want to travel, I want to find a husband one day and probably have kids! It's not gonna happen if I can't stop weeing in my pants like a baby!" Another sob escaped her, she tried to breath in, but only managed a series of short, hitching breathes. "I don't know if I can do this anymore. Like you, I had really hoped that today would be the day I somehow got fixed, but I'm just too broken..." Another loud sob escaped.

Without even thinking about what he was doing, Dan leaned forward and opened his arms, drawing her into a comforting embrace. She hugged him back tightly, and rested her head on his shoulder.

"Your not broken Amy. You're anything but broken. I think your wonderful. I mean special. No, not special, I don't mean, I mean, you're beautiful and," He couldn't believe how badly he was doing here. He wanted to make her feel better, but it sounded as if he was either hitting on her with pick up lines, or telling her she had special needs. "Amy. Please don't cry."

She sniffled and looked at him. "Your sweet Dan. Really really sweet. Don't worry. I know what you mean, and thank you. I'm so glad we met."

"Believe me Amy. I am as well. More than you know."

Before you get too attached Daniel, there's more I have to tell you......"

*043*2016-03-29 22:48

Chapter 18:

She sighed. "This is the bit I really, really hate. Because I don't have a gall bladder, it makes me have some tummy problems as well. I'm also a bit lactose intolerant. Milk and cheese and stuff don't agree with me. Sometimes I get the runs real bad....."

Dan didn't speak, but waited for her to finish.

"Dan, sometimes I poo my pants as well. I can't help it."

The boy was speechless. This wasn't something he was expecting, and he just didn't know what to say at first. When she didn't continue straight away, he swallowed, and said "That's terrible Amy. Really terrible. But don't look so worried. I'm still here wanting to listen. Tell me all your problems. I really like you, and I wanna be your friend, okay? How bad is it?

She sucked in a deep breath. There was a solitary tear running down her face, which see wiped away with her sleeve. After forcing a little smile, she continued. "It's not tooo bad really if I'm careful. But full cream milk, cheese and stuff like ice cream can make my tummy go all yucky. But not all the time, only sometimes. If I only have a little bit occasionally, I don't usually have any problems, but sometimes, it just gives me the squirts, and I can't always control it."

Dan just listened, feeling huge sympathy for this girl, who at first had seemed like a kind of junior Wonder Woman with her presence at first, but was currently looking scared and lost. A part of him had already made up his mind that I'd didn't matter what she said, he already kinda loved her, and he couldn't see that changing. It was of course easier to think stuff like that than to verbalise it though.

"It hasn't happened for ages, probably a couple of months. But it happened again today. That's why you guys ended up coming here, and we didn't go to Antonios, cause I had an accident. Mum and I usually go to this nice little cafe for breakfast on a Saturday morning. They make these awesome pancakes, and they make their own low fat ice cream to go with them. Now I love ice cream, but I don't eat it often cause of my stomach stuff. But their ice cream has always been alright with me. So when we go there for brekky, I always have the pancakes so I can have my ice cream fix."

Without thinking about it, Dan blurted out, "I had pancakes this morning as well!" Then realised that he had just interrupted her story for no good reason, he blushed a bit, mumbling "Sorry, please go on."

She gave him a sweet smile, then kept going. "I've had their ice cream heaps of times, and it's only upset my tummy a little bit once or twice, but never really badly. But today was different. My appointment with Dr Singh was at 9:00, so we went to the cafe early and had brekky. We were running a bit late for the appointment. We were supposed to be early by 15 minutes or so, but only just got there by 9:00. Mum actually had to ring them from the car as we were parking just to tell them we were there. I was wearing a pull up like the one you're wearing, and it was still dry. As we were going up in the elevator, I knew I needed to pee, and I asked mum if I had time. She asked me if I was still dry, and when I told her I was, she told me to go in my nappy."

"Your mum told you to wet yourself on purpose??" Dan exclaimed.

"Yeah. Don't be shocked. Some times doing what we call a pre-emptive strike is better. I sometimes choose to use my nappy when it's safe to, instead of holding on and risking a big leak or something. Haven't you ever done that? Wet your pull up on purpose? Just to like, you know, make it easier?"

"Not in public. I told you how mum made me practice wearing and using them before school started, so I wet 'em a few times on purpose then, and like in front of ...."

He stopped there. He had nearly told her about deliberately wetting himself in front of the mirror earlier today and yesterday. But she had picked up on it.

"Tell me Dan. Who did you wet in front of?"

"Nobody" he sighed. "Please don't think I'm weird, but both yesterday and today before we came here, I deliberately wet myself in front of my mirror in my bedroom. I guess I was sick of having accidents, and I kinda felt that doing it on purpose made me in control a bit more."

"That's exactly what I'm talking about!" She exclaimed. "That's what I do sometimes! I choose when to do it, so I have some control. I'd rather pick when I'm gonna wet myself rather than not control it. Mum and I learned that when I was little. If I didn't go, I'd wet myself anyway, so picking a good time to do it first made more sense if I couldn't get to a toilet. Mums always let me use my nappy if it was easier. That's what happened today. I wet my nappy as we rode the elevator, and was already wet when we saw the doctor."

"Anyway, after we got out, I didn't need a change right away, so we left. Mum wanted to go to the bank, and when we got there she realised she'd left her glasses behind. But I had another accident in the bank as well. I had bought a spare pull up with me, so mum said we'd go back to the hospital and get her glasses, and I could change there. When I saw you outside the toilet, I was really saturated! But I put a clean one on then we met you guys and planned lunch at Antonios. "

"My tummy was still fine then, but when we left, mum wanted to stop at her office first. I waited in the car, but all of a sudden I got massive stomach cramps, and before I could get out or do anything about it, I pooed myself. A lot. When mum came back, it was too late. I didn't have anymore diapers with me, plus I needed a shower, so we had to go home. Also, I was out of tape on diapers, and I prefer those if my tummys playing up, so we had to stop and get some. I had to stay in the car, and boy I smelled bad. Mum rang you guys from the car, and we went home so I could have a shower. I was just finishing when you arrived. Now I'm wearing a tape on diaper instead of a pull up."

Dans mind was racing. It wasn't really anything that Amy had said that had disturbed him, but something else entirely. He still liked her a lot, and he didn't think that his opinion was likely to change in a hurry. But he knew that she was probably as vulnerable now as what she ever had been. He needed to comfort her. He needed to support her. He needed to reassure her.

He also needed to pee. Badly.

*044*2016-03-29 23:12

Just a quick note.

Don't worry, I'm not taking this down the messing route. Messing won't play a big part in this, but it is important as it makes a bit of the plot regarding Amy's thoughts and feelings.

Having said that, sometimes accidents do happen.....

*046*2016-03-29 23:42

{{

Gotta feel sorry for Amy and everything that has happened to her.

}}

Tell me honestly Night Rain. I know you've been reading from the start, and you were keen to get Amy's character introduced.

What do you think? Is it working for you? I'm interested as to what people's opinions are as to the way I've introduced her character and how I'm handling it. It's not the easiest thing to get inside the mind of a teen girl, and I don't want to "overplay " it if you know what I mean. I'm trying to build some sympathy and compassion for her, but she's not supposed to be "needy" at all. Strong but vulnerable, with some well hidden confidence issues based on her past.

I thought the combination of problems might make for interesting reading, but I don't want her to be only defined by her incontinence.

What's your thoughts?

*049*2016-03-30 03:55

{{

Well, from everything that you've done with Amy so far it has been working. You've done a nice job writing her out and how she has come across sure Amy, has more problems than Dan but that's. Because different things have happened to her, one thing I'm glad is that you're not going down the messing route with her fully. As I've never been a fan of that sort of thing and as you said it does define her character as well. Another thing I'd like to see would be what are Amy's feelings about Dan what's going through her mind. I mean does she have the hots for him a tiny bit like he has for her has she felt any sort of arousal towards him like he's felt etc?

As I said before everything that's already been told to Dan from her lips. Is indeed sad as Amy seems worse off than Dan does even though they have the same things they are still both different. Another thing would be does Amy have something that she does that's like what Dan does with the pacifier? along with what is a day at school like in her shoes? While I know that Dan is the main character and everything is mostly from his point of view. I'm just wondering how things are on Amy's side.

}}

Thanks for the feedback.

It's almost like your thinking the same kind of things that I am.

I'm willing to bet that you're going to really like the next couple of chapters.....

&&

