April In Wetterland

Author: pumpkinhead

*000*2011-03-09 08:44

Original wetting fic I posted on another board. It has some mild scat in the middle, so if that grosses you out, here's a warning. Other than that it's wetting and desperation.

The entire empty room was washed out with a bright white light. The girl stood near the doorway though there no longer seemed to be a door. Her hazel eyes had a look of confusion and her matching dark medium length hair flung around as she spun quickly looking for some way to leave. There did not appear to be an exit. This was definitely not the right place to be for 3rd period computer science. A kid from her last class had told her this was the lab for professor Wilkins’ class, but now she didn’t even know where she was. Now if she could even find her way out of here, she was going to be seriously late. Not a good way to start her first day of Ninth Grade.

Just when she was about to become frantic the light began to slowly dim until she could no longer see in front of her. A quick flash of blue spread from the center of the strange room and a woman appeared. She wore a blue gown and had long flowing blonde hair with a sweet smile, but something was wrong. Her skin was ghostly pale and the girl thought she looked almost…. pixilated. That was probably the best word to use. She stared at the blue clad woman and just blinked.

“Hello Child,” the woman said in beautiful tone. “My name is Melody, I will be your guide.”

“What is this place?” The girl asked. The woman did not respond but continued as though she did not even hear her.

“Please state your character’s name.” She had a sweet and disarming voice.

“My what?”

“Your character’s name child. Please state your character’s name.”

The girl was confused. “My name is April..”

“A-p-r-i-l. Is this acceptable?”

“Umm, yes? That’s my name.”

“Welcome April.”

Another flash of light and the room became moderately lit. The walls turned to a soft gray color and April suddenly felt cold. She looked down and realized she was longer wearing any clothes and her backpack was gone.

Melody floated around the girl at a snail like pace and seemed to be sizing up every aspect of her. She suddenly became very self conscious of this ghostlike woman staring at her skinny body and did her best to cover up with her hands. She wasn’t at all as well endowed as she would have liked for having already started high school. Her mother said she was late bloomer and she would grow up on her own schedule. April started to shiver from the cold and Melody stopped directly in front of her.

“Shall we begin? “ Melody asked.

“Begin whaat?? What is this place? What am I doing here? What are you?” the girl was exasperated with confusion and had a look of worry on her face. Her skin was hardened from the chills she felt.

“Shall we begin? The pixalated woman asked again. “Once we begin there will be no turning back.”

“Ok,” April said in a defeated tone. “But I don’t know what we’re beginning.”

“Good,” Melody said. “Then let’s begin.” A row of black lines shot up near the back of the room and formed into wooden doorways. There were three of them; each numbered one through three going left to right. “There are three levels April. You must successfully complete two in order to return to your world.”

“And…what if I don’t?” The usually demure girl was having slightly rebellious thoughts but she was afraid.

“If you fail to complete at least two of the aforementioned challenges or if you simply do not wish to compete, then you will cease to live any further. Please choose a door April.” Melody smiled.

A knot formed in the pit of April’s stomach. Melody may have a funny way of wording things but she got the hint. If she didn’t do what she was told, she was going to die. She took a long deep breath and closed her eyes, fearing the unknown.

“Please choose a door April,” Melody repeated with the same vacant smile on her face.

“Ok,” April whispered to herself. “You can do this.” She then without taking a second thought walked directly up to door number three.

As soon as she touched the third door she felt a roaring in her head and the world swirled around her into a mess of colors and shapes. When the shifting subsided she found herself to be standing in the middle of a well decorated garden. There was a large pool of water in a stone basin with a statue of a boy peeing into the water as a fountain. Her body no longer felt so cold and she was relieved to see clothes had appeared. She found herself to be wearing a pair of tight jeans, ballerina flats, and a flowery pink shirt that could have been long enough to be a short dress. She felt that she was also wearing panties and the shirt was tied on with a silk sash across her waist.

“Oh hello!” came a masculine voice from somewhere around her.

“Hi?” She asked back into the garden.

“Over here young lady, turn around!”

April swiveled around on the flats to find herself face to face with an oversized sea otter standing upright. He had a newsboy cap on his head and looked curiously at her. He trotted over a ways and sat down at a long rectangular table that was sitting behind her. He took a seat at the head and seemed to be waiting for her to follow. She reluctantly walked over and took a seat in the middle of the table, far enough away from the talking otter.

“Your manners are atrocious young lady, but at least I see you came properly dressed for the occasion.”

“What occasion, what am I supposed to do here?”

“You’re supposed to be joining me for tea of course!”

“Oh, Ok.” She was more confused now. A talking otter? A tea party? Well at least this didn’t seem to be so hard of a challenge to complete.

“Well now, I brewed some wonderful Prince of Wales, so let us enjoy!” For having such short paw type appendages, the otter seemed very talented at pouring tea. He poured himself a cup and then one for April which he had to lean over and still push the cup over. “Bottoms up child!”

“Alright, here goes nothing.” She lifted the cup to her lips and took a sip. It was only mildly warm so she downed the entire thing hoping to complete this door quickly. Her bladder already felt a little finicky from the nervousness she felt since the beginning of her ordeal, but she set aside the feeling to complete this.

“Ah! Such vigor!” The otter wasted no time and poured her another cup. She drank the second cup just as quickly as she had the first.

“What now?” She asked.

“Well how about another!” The otter poured her a third glass. She took it in her hands and drank it down. Just as she set the cup back down he leaned over and poured another. She wasn’t used to drinking much caffeine, she never cared for coffee and her parents didn’t let her drink soda at home. She already felt the effects beginning and her heart rate was slightly elevated. She took the fourth cup and drank it very slowly, taking several minutes until it was drained. April then pushed the cup as far away from her as possible hoping this odd otter wouldn’t give her anymore. He leaned back in to pour another but no liquid came out. “Oh dear, we seem to be out of tea!”

“Umm, that’s ok, really I’ve had enough.”

“Are you sure? I could always brew another pot. Or perhaps we can just start the challenge.”

April’s eyes creased. There was more? Of course there was more, she wasn’t so stupid that she thought a tea party would be the entire thing. “What do I have to do?”

“Oh nothing serious, don’t look so worried.” He clapped his furry paws together in delight. “Well then off you go young one.”

She stood up from the table and felt a head rush. “Where do I go?”

“There!” the otter pointed towards a stone pathway that was definitely not there a minute ago.

“OK I guess, bye.” She started to walk on the cut stones.

“Ta-Ta child! And good luck!” He waved.

April continued down the path for only several moments before turning back to look at the otter. He was gone. The table was gone. The garden was even gone now from where it had been. All around her were large stone pillars and the pathway she was supposed to take.

She walked and walked and the path took her for what must have been at least ten minutes until she reached two large square bushes sitting side by side with a small gap in between. There was a slight pressure on her small bladder. That tea seemed to be going right through her; it was a diuretic after all and her mother always told her she had a bladder the size of a walnut.

The path seemed to be leading her into them so she pushed her way through the hole. She jumped in fright when the bushes closed up behind her suddenly. She was trapped! She was stuck in a hedge maze it looked like. She hastily ran down a short way and looked to see the configuration of the maze. There were several different paths she could take. She chose one arbitrarily and continued walking. As she was walking she felt a bigger pressure on her bladder. She realized she had to go to the bathroom pretty badly. She had never had too large of a capacity and even once wet herself on a bus ride home from a school field trip in the seventh grade. It was the most embarrassing moment of her life and kids had teased her for weeks afterward.

April crossed her legs slightly while continuing to walk forward and thought that since nobody was here she could just drop her pants and go and it would be alright. She was about to unbutton her jeans when she heard something rustling through the bushes.

“Grrrrrrrr,” A strange growling came from the shaped plants.

“Hello?” She called out nervously. No answer. “Hellllo?” she called again.

“Gwawr!!” a mean looking dog with a head five times too big for its body ripped through one of the hedges and came straight for her.

“Oh crap,” she yelped out to herself and fell over. She jumped up and started to run as fast as her legs would carry her, not caring which direction she went. The sound of feet was heard not far behind her and she kept sprinting around hedge corners until her lungs were burning and her feet felt like pudding. “Please help me!” She called out though she knew nobody was there to help. Her bladder was now aching with every step she took and felt on the verge of giving out.

When April finally had no more energy to run she realized nothing was even chasing her any longer. She crossed her legs together and bent her knees trying to alleviate some of the pain. Her eyes scanned the area and her heart skipped a beat. An exit! The thin pathways had opened up into a large expanse. At the end of the open ground, maybe two hundred feet in front of her at most, was a wooden door. Excitement took over and she starting moving in that direction.

“Groooowr!” She heard the scary looking dog’s snarling growl and a soft trickle of pee made its way out of her. She clenched her thighs together and her hand shot down to stop the flow. She was able to hold it back, but not for much longer. If she didn’t get across the field, and quickly, she was either going to pee her pants or be eaten by a rabid dog, or possibly both.

In the corner of her eyes she saw the dog walking towards her though he moved very slowly. She gingerly took baby steps towards the door, careful not to move too quickly and alarm the dog. It seemed to only move in step with her. As long as she didn’t make any sudden movements she could reach the door, but it would take awhile, and she didn’t have awhile before her bladder exploded.

The pain was becoming tremendous and she felt another small trickle fight its way out of her. She looked down and saw it had soaked through the panties she wore and made the tiniest mark on the crotch of her jeans. It hurt really badly. She wanted to cry at her predicament but knew it wouldn’t help. She tried taking larger steps at an accelerated pace while gauging the dog’s reaction. He kept up with her but came no quicker.

“ugh,” April groaned and pushed tighter into her girlhood with one of her hands. She contemplated letting a bit more out to relieve the pressure but thought it that happened she might not be able to stop. She began to walk even faster, though knob-kneed as she did, trying desperately not to pee on herself.

April was closing in on the doorway and suddenly felt very confident. She felt a heavy spasm from her bladder and shot both her hands there in far too large a motion for the dog’s liking. He barked so loudly she jumped and felt a sudden surge of urine start to stain through her underwear. There was so much pent up inside her it shot out like a water gun and spread quickly down her thighs, leaving large wet patches down the denim. She whimpered quietly and took off in a sprint towards the door that was almost within her grasp, still peeing as she ran. One of her fingers gently made contact with the door and the entire world zigzagged with arcs of light. Everything morphed around her and April fell over onto her knees.

She suddenly found herself to be once again in the room she started in with Melody staring at her, seemingly amused.

April breathed a sigh of relief only to realize she was still going to the bathroom where she sat. The clothes were still on her and a musty smelling pool of off white liquid gathered beneath her. The jeans were soaked through and the fabric clung to her sticky young skin. She was too dumbfounded to cry but blushed red and felt ashamed, even if there were no actual people to witness her accident besides the strange computer woman.

April stood up and kept her head down, looking at the peed in pants and feeling the liquid against her feet where it filled her shoes. She didn’t like the way it felt and it brought back old feelings of humiliation.

“Congratulations April! You have completed door number three. Please pick another door.” Melody pointed one of her hands out towards the remaining two doors.

“Um, Can I, I,” April stumbled over her words. “Can I please clean up myself?” The sentence came out of her mouth in a very shy manner.

Melody smiled still. “Of course April.” She snapped her ghostlike fingers and April found herself to be, once again, stark naked standing in that room. And clean at that.

“Please pick another door.”

April shrugged. The last door wasn’t that bad. She did almost get eaten alive and pee all over herself, but she was mostly fine and halfway closer to getting the hell out of that place. She took a deep breath and walked up to door one. She thought herself to be more prepared this time and touched the door. Again her world was filled with color.

This time she found herself in what appeared to be a small stone room with a torch burning in a holder attached to the wall. There was an iron door straight ahead. She looked down and saw that she was wearing nothing but a pair of white panties and light pink bra. There was a little pink bow on the top front of the panties.

She flipped the latch on the metal door and pushed it open to reveal another room, though a bit larger. April looked around and saw two tables in the room, one was set for a meal and the other was covered in what looked like weapons. Weapons? Her stomach twisted in fear at the thought of what those could possibly be for.

A suit of armor was seated at the table and the helmet started to turn.

“Greetings girl!” It had the voice of a young man, probably no older than she.

“Uhh, Hi armor person,” was her shaky reply.

“Come sit with me will you? My name is Randall. What is your name?”

“April,” she said warily, and stepped closer to the dinner table.

“Please sit. I won’t harm you.”

She obliged the talking suit of armor named Randall and sat directly across from him.

“What is this place Randall?”

“This is my home, the grand coliseum!” He spoke with enthusiasm.

“The what?”

“Do not fret about it right now. Please join me for a meal.”

April looked down and saw a large porcelain dinner plate covered in food that she could have sworn was not there when she sat down. She felt a little odd about having dinner with a talking suit of armor in her underwear, but then again nothing about this entire experience was normal.

Randall lifted a pointy fork and started to lift chunks of meat from his plate into a slit in the suit’s helmet. “Please enjoy April,” he urged.

She speared some of the chicken on her plate and ate it quietly. There was a wooden mug of something sitting next to her but she thought it best not to drink any fluids this time around. Her bladder was still sore from holding it at the last challenge and her already bad holding capacity was going to be greatly diminished. She could already feel it filling up again from all that caffeine.

“Please don’t hesitate to eat April, the food is very good today,” Randall said politely.

April thought the food was actually pretty tasty and what could it hurt to eat anyhow. She found herself to be quite hungry. She scooped up all of the food that was on her plate and took an extra roll that sat on a serving platter between her and Randall. “So what is it I have to do here in the coliseum Randall?”

“Nothing extraordinary. You simply must fight one opponent.” She couldn’t see a face through the helmet but it almost sounded like he was smiling.

“F-fight?” I have to fight? With weapons?” He nodded and April’s heart sank. She suddenly felt sick from all the food and her stomach went topsy-turvy. She was never a very physical person; she was small for her age and hadn’t done any sports since she played pee-wee soccer in elementary school. She wasn’t even particularly good at that.

“Do not worry April! I have the finest weapons for you to choose from!” He stood up from the table, making heavy clanking sounds and he moved. He went over to the other table in the room and stopped to wait for her to follow.

“I don’t know how to use any weapons,” she confessed meekly. She dejectedly came over to the armory table. There were axes, maces, swords, spears, and other shiny weapons she didn’t know the names for.

“Well then, I will help you pick out something easy a girl of your stature to wield.” He perused over the choices and gently lifted up a thin curved saber. “Can you hold this?” He asked.

April plucked it out of his gauntlets and found it not too heavy, though it did have some heft to it. She pointed it straight and held it outstretched. Her stomach was feeling sicker and sicker from the situation. “I don’t think I can do this”

“Of course you can April, please get dressed.” He pointed to the corner of the room where she came upon a pair of sandals, a pair of leather shoulder guards, and a short skirt made of separate leather pieces. She put them all on and felt herself shaking as she did. “Are you ready to begin?” Randall asked.

She gulped and a pain arose from her belly. She guessed she didn’t really have a choice but to face this head on. “Let’s go.”

“Fantastic! Let’s begin!” the talking armor led the girl to another door that swung open after much force was applied to it. April lifted up her eyes to see a long inclined hallway. Randall pushed her slightly and she walked up the ramp like passageway towards a spot of light in the distance.

“Fiiight!” Screamed the crowd that filled the large coliseum. It was so full of people it made April’s head spin. When she stepped out onto the sand she suddenly felt more terrified than she ever felt in her short life, her short life that might be ending. She clutched the saber with a death grip and her face had gone ghostly white. Her heart rate spiked and it became hard to breathe. Randall stood beside her .

“Are you coming too?” She looked at the armor.

“No, April you must go alone. But I will give you one piece of advice before you go. Your opponent is strong but slow. Use your small size to your advantage.” Randall’s helmet looked down at her one last time then his large gauntlets pushed her into the arena.

She gasped and a metal gate slid down behind her, blocking the path to leave. She had to fight now and her stomach was gurgling. She felt the urge to defecate and clenched her butt cheeks. She turned up her eyes and they fell upon the biggest man she had ever seen.

He was a good hundred feet away but looked massive even from here. He was naked except for boots and held in both hands a giant wooden club with small spikes sticking out. The roar from the crowd was deafening and April was horrified. She felt dampness as a stream of pee saturated her white panties and moistened her legs. She had never wet herself in fear before and she felt lightheaded. The thin fabric of the underwear clung tightly to her private parts.

“Hahaha!” The large man’s laugh was thundering and he began to walk towards April. A massive wave of tightness rolled through her stomach and intestines, causing her to pass gas. It came out several times like gun blasts and it felt sickeningly wet. She could smell shit in her panties and it made her even sicker. The man started jogging. “Here I Come little girl!”

April turned her head from side to side in a panic and took off running to her right side. Another wave of cramping overwhelmed her and she couldn’t stop a semi-liquid chunk from escaping her clenched cheeks. It plopped into her panties as a gooey mess and busted out from the fabric. It started to make her way down the back of her legs, streaking brown all the way down and feeling gross on her skin as she ran. She wanted nothing more than to burst into tears.

She turned just in time to see a club coming down near her head. She ducked under and it hit the sand. She waited in fright for him to swing again but she realized it was too heavy to lift up quickly. She backed up and kept a close eye on him. He got the club back up and swung down again, though missing by a larger margin this time. When it hit the ground a second time April lunged forward with the saber and pushed it deep into his sternum, with all the force she could muster. When she tried to pull it out she found it was stuck tightly between his ribs.

He lifted his club and she did not have enough time to get away. She felt a familiar feeling as pee escaped her browned panties again, finishing off whatever was left in her bladder. Without even thinking she moved towards the man and kicked him as hard as she could between his naked legs. Somehow it had worked and her sandal caught him directly in the scrotum, dropping him to the ground. He screamed out in agony and April tried with all her might to pull her saber out of him. The damaged muscles were contracted around the blade but she managed to free it and with all her remaining energy and plunged it into his neck. The large man let out of a gasp of death and promptly expired.

Out of energy and feeling on the verge of passing out from lightheadedness, April fell onto her butt, her panties oozing out dark liquid as she did. She had no brainpower to think about what had just happened, how she almost died, how she just killed someone, or how she both peed and pooped in her panties because of that.

The crowd cheered in delight and a door appeared before her. She hoisted her weary body to its feet and touched the door.

April was back in the same small room and Melody beamed in front of her. April looked down and was glad she was once again naked and clean.

“Congratulations April! You survived the challenges!”

“I just wanna go home,” said the exhausted fourteen year old.

“Of course you do. You completed the challenge successfully. Though if you wish to earn a special prize, all you have to do is complete the last door!”

“Please no, I just wanna go back home! Please,” April begged.”

Melody smiled. “You may have your wish.” She turned one of her hands palm down and a blue door appeared in front of them. “Just walk through this door and you will be returned.”

April was too tired to wonder if this was a trick or not. She stumbled over to the door and pushed a hand up against it.

The world came into focus as April got a hold of her senses. Everything was hazy. She looked up and saw a whiteboard and her second period teacher was staring at her in disbelief. She heard snickering from all around her and realized she was sitting at her desk in English class. She must have fallen asleep! A burst of adrenaline poured through her veins and the fogginess disappeared. Her stomach dropped as she felt something oddly familiar. She felt a gross wetness and looked down into her lap to see her tiny khaki shorts stained with pee. She had just fallen asleep and peed herself in front of everyone! Her face turned tomato red and burned hotly.

She didn’t know what to do but stood up quickly and made a beeline for the door. Everyone including the teacher stared at her wet butt as the shorts were nearly transparent from the urine, showing off her strawberry shortcake panties. April was mortified and ran as fast as she could while droplets fell from the fabric onto her legs. Tears welled up in her eyes and she started to sob as she made her way to the girl’s bathroom. This was definitely not a good first day of high school…

