Trapped in a closet 2

Author: Rain429

*000*2012-09-08 18:22

Rainbow and Ethan woke up, and looked at their surroundings. They were in a closet. How they had gotten there, they didn't know. What they did know was that it was dark, and small. There wasn't enough room for both of them in the position they were in, so they both stood up.

“What happened?” Ethan asked.

“I dunno,” Rainbow replied, “I think we're in a closet.”

“No duh. I think it's the closet in my house, 'cause it seems kinda familiar. Huh. I wonder how we got here, or at least how long we've been here.”

“I don't remember anything, really. I think we might've been at your house, though? With some other people?”

“Yeah, that sounds kinda familiar. And then... It's just blank.” Ethan said.

Rainbow nodded. “Yeah. Well, we're here now.”

Ethan tried the door. “And we'll be here for a while, it seems.”

“Oh my god, is it locked? What if we never get out?!”

“Calm down! Someone always lets me out; we'll be fine.”

“Okay... Sorry. I guess I'm not as used to being locked in closets as you.”

“Not funny.”

“Not trying to be funny, it's true.”

“Fuck off, you think I like being locked in closets? Just 'cause I'm able to not freak out and panic doesn't mean I'm not fucking scared!”

Rainbow looked down to the ground. “Sorry. I didn't mean- Like, I get it. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. And do you have to swear so much?”

“You're used to it.”

“Okay...”

Then they were silent.

A few minutes later, “Do you have your phone?” Ethan asked, “I don't think I have mine.”

Rainbow searched in her pockets. “Yep, I do.”

“First, what time is it? Two, call someone? Then maybe they could let us out?”

“It's about ten at night. Um, who should I call?”

“I dunno. Oh! Call my house phone! That way, whoever answers has to be here!”

“Clever!” Rainbow said, and called the number. It rang for a few minutes, but nobody answered.

“No answer?” Ethan asked.

Rainbow shook her head.

“Now I'm really scared.” Ethan said, sounding panicky, “Seriously, really, really scared. I don't- I dunno. I'm worried we're gonna die.”

He put his hands to his head and looked to the ground, breathing quickly. “What do we do?”

“What happened to you acting calm? I don't know what to do!” Rainbow said, freaked out slightly.

“I think I sorta remember what happened...” Ethan said, “Like, I think there was a bunch of people here, and they got drunk, and thought it would be a good idea to lock us in here? I'm not sure, though.”

“And they're all asleep or passed out or somewhere else, now?”

Ethan nodded. “I think we might've been drinking too, but I'm only judging that by the fact that suddenly I really have to go to the bathroom.”

Rainbow groaned. “Does that just always happen when you're locked in somewhere or something? Or do you have a really weak bladder that can only last like ten minutes without going?”

Ethan blushed. “It's not like I do it on purpose.”

“You sure about that?” Rainbow asked, teasing.

“Yes, I'm sure!” Ethan yelled, “I can't help it! Maybe it is just whenever I'm locked somewhere it makes it worse, but the fact is that I don't fucking choose to nearly pee myself this often!”

“Sorry. Jeez. Do you wet the bed now, too? You never did this before.”

“Did what?”

“Wet yourself.”

“Can we please change the subject? Can we talk about anything else?” Ethan asked desperately, shifting around a bit.

“Like what? Waterfalls? Dripping taps? Toilets?”

Ethan put his hands over his face and whined, while crossing his legs. “Don't do this to me! You don't want to me to wet my pants, you don't know how long we'll be stuck in here together!”

“Okay, you've got a good point. Uh... You change the subject, I can't come up with anything. Except how it's kinda funny to watch you struggle. You've got your legs crossed and everything, and you're practically jumping up and down!”

“It's not funny! At all!”

“Really? I think it is. Anyway, um... Hey, maybe I'll try calling the house phone again? Someone might answer this time.”

Ethan nodded. “Yeah, try it.”

Rainbow dialed the number and surprisingly, someone answered this time.

“Hello?” Whoever it was, they sounded drunk.

“Hi. Can you please let us out of the closet?”

“Who's this? Rainbow and Ethan? Oh, right. This is Sarah. We put you in there so you'd be a couple again. You're not in there long enough yet. I'll go ask Rebecca.” she said, and hung up.

“Well,” Rainbow said, “You were right that they'd been drinking. I think they might let us out soon, though.”

Ethan uncrossed his legs, then crossed them even tighter the other way. “Damn, it better be soon!”

Rainbow laughed quietly. “Yeah, for your sake, I hope they let us out like now.”

Ethan said nothing for the next few minutes, and after a while, Rainbow got bored and started playing a game on her phone. She was still watching Ethan though, since what he was doing was getting more and more interesting. He kept crossing and uncrossing his legs, bouncing, moving back and forth, and occasionally making small whimpering sounds.

Then, finally, he grabbed himself with both hands and bent over completely, groaning loudly.

Rainbow tried not to laugh, though she did feel sorry for him. He must have been in a lot of pain. She checked the time; it was now past eleven.

“I can't hold it.” Ethan said quietly.

“Uhm, can you try?”

“What does it look like I'm doing?” he said, frantically, “Call them again! Say they have to let us out now!”

“Really? You look like you could maybe last another hour or so.” Rainbow said sarcastically, as she dialed the number.

“For fuck's sake, just do it!”

The phone rang, but she didn't get an answer. She tried again, and still didn't get an answer. She tried three more times, but still no answer.

“Keep trying!” Ethan yelled, “Or break the door open or something! I'm gonna wet myself!”

“There seriously isn't anything I can do.”

“There has to be! I can't just- I don't know! Do something!”

Rainbow sighed, and called the house phone again. There was still no answer.

“It's hopeless.” she said, “We're stuck in here. Can't you wait a little while longer? Maybe in a few minutes they might answer?”

Ethan shook his head quickly. “No!”

Rainbow tried the door again; it was still locked. She pushed and pulled on it in the hope of it maybe opening or something, but nothing happened.

Ethan started to cry. “I need to get out of here right now! I'm gonna wet my pants, I can't hold it!” he sobbed, “This is like torture!”

Rainbow wasn't sure what to do. “Um... Just try your best, okay? It'll be alright, even if you wet yourself, it'll be fine. They'll let us out soon, okay?”

Ethan squeaked suddenly, and crossed his legs as tightly as he could again.

Rainbow laughed quietly. “I don't think I've ever heard that sound from a boy.”

“Yeah, well... Most boys don't get locked in closets for hours!”

“And most boys apparently don't have as weak a bladder as you.”

“Shut up- Oh fuck! No no no no no.” Ethan said.

Even in the darkness, Rainbow could see that Ethan had wet himself slightly.

“Are you gonna be okay?”

She looked again; it was more than slightly. It was like he'd given up now, well, he'd stopped holding himself anyway. His legs were still crossed, not that it was even remotely helping.

“I hate myself,” Ethan said, “Why does this always happen to me?”

“I honestly think your bladder is like the size of like, nothing.” Rainbow said, shaking her head, “But it's okay, really.”

“Easy for you to say.” Ethan said, relaxing now that he'd wet himself anyway, “I hope they let us out soon anyway, so I can change my clothes.”

“They'll probably wake up and remember we're here like tomorrow morning.”

“Ugh.”

