Golden Showers shoot accident

Author: gtr12345

*000*2015-12-26 05:54

Hey Everyone! Hope y'all have a truly AWESOME CHRISTMAS! i've been a lurker for quite a long time and i wanted to contribute to this amazing community. This is my first work, its pretty lengthy cos i wanted to try and really develop on the main character to make the readers feel more engaged with her. The story is about an idea i've always had and ive searched high and low for vids on it but no luck. Anyways, PLEASE do feel free to leave any comments and advice you have and ill be sure to take them for future stories, (yes there will be !) feel free to PM me anytime if you have a story request, any advice, or if you just wanna chat :) hopin to get to know many of you awesome folks!

Part 1:

Chapter1:

Yui Natsuki stared absentmindedly at the sleek black laptop on her desk. It hummed quietly, an open email on its display. The laptop itself was an impressive piece of work. It boasted a glorious 15-inch IPS HD display and had more than enough punch in it to play even the most demanding games on the highest settings without any noticeable drops in performance. Yui had always had a liking for powerful computers, even from the time she was a little girl she would admire the new additions at the nearby tech stores. Now as a 24 year old woman, she had followed her passion and had an extremely well-paying job as a lead software designer in a prestigious American IT firm. She earned more than she knew what to do with.

Originally from a small prefecture in Japan, she now had a beautiful studio apartment overlooking the Miami beaches. Curious place for a computer geek to live in eh… but Yui was a far cry from the stereotypical programmer. Most people wouldn’t in their wildest dreams think of her as someone who worked with computers. She was no geeky mouse, far from it. She was blessed with an almost angelic heart shaped face with large brown doe eyes, and a cute button nose. She had full lips yet a cute small mouth which had a mischievous grin to It., Her luscious thick dark hair extended to her mid back, the fringe almost covering her eyes but stopping just above them. Her hair was black with brownish highlights.

She had small feminine shoulders and arms that complimented her cute face, along with a slender waist and a well-toned stomach. Her breasts were rather modest though, at a 30B, she couldn't escape that part of her Asian genes. She liked to think she made up for it with her lower body, being blessed with a luscious plump round ass and wide curvaceous feminine hips. Her legs were toned and slightly muscular making her look smoking in a pair of tight jeans.

Her perfect bikini body wasn't the only thing that set her apart from the stereotypical computer geek though, Yui's personality was miles away too. She was a cheery young thing, always trying to make those around her laugh and she was seldom without a smile. She had a serious playful demeanor to her, sometimes a little too playful, but most of the time it was adorable. But she was a kind gentle soul who would always try to reach out to others and make friends albeit with a few of her jokes along the way.

She didn't know why computer software interested her so much, it just did, and it came naturally to her. She looked back at her laptop again, feeling nervousness settle in when she looked at the email on the screen. Under her bubbly charm she had a naughty dirty side to her. Being born to a very conservative traditional Japanese family, Yui had discovered a whole new side of herself when she move to the US to pursue her programming career. She was intimidated at first but over a couple of years she came to accept her inner naughty minx.

It was a side she generally kept to herself but boy was she naughty inside. What started out as "exploring her body" soon turned into regular masturbation sessions and now she even had a pretty sizable collection of kinky sex toys hidden away in that lavish apartment. But recently she had been feeling even naughtier, her private "Yui time" and frequent “dates” with guys from bars didn't seem to satisfy her anymore. And as if it were a sign from the supernatural, the email came in.

As soon as she looked at its header she knew it was no ordinary email, the design, the wording, it had a certain foxy feel to it. It was from a "talent scouting" agent who claimed to have met her at a bar. She remembered no such encounter but then again she had been a little too tipsy on a couple of occasions and it was not beyond belief that she had given her email to some hot guy when she was half drunk. The agent claimed to be from a company called "Golden Gate Showers."

What a deceitful name she laughed to herself. According to the email, Golden Gate Showers was a porn company that specialized in golden showers, or in other words, people peeing on each other. The agent claimed he had talked to her and sensed she might like some dirty excitement, also they were looking for an Asian girl in their films and he claimed she was the most beautiful Asian girl he had come across in a long time. The email was a formal invitation (in other words job offer) for her to be one of the stars in an upcoming golden showers porn flick.

Yui had a hard time coming to terms with the idea, she was horny and naughty yes, but this was a whole new level, she had mulled over it for a few days and eventually her desire for excitement got the better of her. She replied the agent indicating her interest. They had then forwarded her a list of things they wanted her to do and along with the script and plan for the shoot and necessary addresses etc.

Chapter 2

Yui sat in her chair looking over the checklist again.

Drink at least 1.5 liters of water before departing for the studio...check, she had just downed a full jug of water and could feel it in her tummy. The email had stated that the amount varies from model to model but each girl was to ensure she had a full bladder before the shoot or there wouldn't be enough piss to go around.

Next, dress in shorts and a long sleeved blouse. The email didn't specify why so she just assumed that was the outfit her character was supposed to wear. Check... she had chosen a velvety black long sleeved thick blouse with white embroidery on the left side and a pair of white short shorts that showed off her curvaceous hips and plump behind. Her shorts stopped just below her butt cheeks giving off a wonderful view of her gorgeous legs.

Next, wear attractive underwear, no granny panties. Check...Yui's inner naughty side had never allowed her to wear granny panties to begin with, she had always had a liking for tight sexy lingerie, and tonight was no exception. Under her blouse and shorts, she had on a matching lacy purple bra and panty set. Her panties were a sexy string bikini kind with lace trimmings.

Next, ensure to be clean and have your hair well styled. No problems here, Yui had just had a warm shower and her hair was smooth and silky, kept in her usual long flowing style.

Next, please ensure good grooming of body areas such as underarms and legs. Additionally please ensure your pubic hair has been well maintained and is neat (an untidy bush is not pleasant to some of the viewers as it obscures vision of the urine stream). A little overly formal she thought but check, Yui was blessed with having very little natural body hair and that was regularly waxed away. As for her pubic hair, she did have quite the large natural bush if she left it alone but her inner naughty side would never allow it, for a few years now, she had kept her vagina completely clean shaven, making sure to shave every other day in the shower. She slipped a finger in her panties just for the heck of it, yup, all smooth with only the slightest hint of stubble. A testament to her naughty side, she had two silver ring piercings on her clit hood, she tapped them once, gently, sending a wave of pleasure through her.

Lastly, please arrive an hour early for preparations. Yui checked her watch, she still had a good two and a half hours to go, about time for her to set off to make it an hour early.

Yui packed a set of clean clothes and toiletries into a backpack and made her way to her silver Audi R8. Feeling a tinge in her bladder she got in and drove off.

Chapter 3

"You are on the fastest route to your destination, you will arrive at your destination in approximately 20 minute’s time," the GPS unit chirped. Yui groaned to herself, she was starting to think she had seriously miscalculated her own body’s ability about the amount of water to drink beforehand. What had started out as a minor tingling in her bladder had now become an incredibly uncomfortable pressure. She had clearly misjudged the amount of water to drink and now her bladder was very full and whining for relief. "Dammit just a little longer," she mumbled to herself as she drove on. Thank God she had cruise control so she didn't have to step on the accelerator and could instead cross her sexy legs shut tight.

Another 15 minutes passed, according to the machine, she should be in view of her destination but it was still nowhere to be seen, she was now starting to feel genuinely worried. Normally she would have used the toilet long ago, her urge to urinate was now the only thing on her mind. She had resigned to driving with one hand, the other was jammed hard into her crotch to help her hold it in. For now it seemed to be working but that did not make her any less uncomfortable.

Finally after another 20 minutes of driving around she found the studio. The stupid GPS has been off by quite a bit and she had to follow the road signs on her own. She pulled into the car park and picked up her bag. As she stepped out of the car, she felt a wave of pressure shoot through her bladder, she gasped and grabbed her crotch hard, dropping her backpack. Regretting drinking so much liquid beforehand she picked up her backpack and miserably approached the studio, already 15 minutes into the 1 hour buffer time.

Miss Yui Natsuki? The young man at the counter asked. He received a nervous "urmm..yeah..."

"Follow me please, they have already began preparations inside,"

He eyed the gorgeous girl before him, she looked visibly distressed though, she was slightly bent forward and seemed to be breathing in short gasps. She clutched her backpack to her chest and stood in an awkward position, her perfect shapely legs crossed so tight they looked like they could snap a piece of wood between them.

He smiled knowingly to himself, he had been with this studio long enough to recognize it. It wasn't the first time and it sure was not going to be the last. Every now and then a new model would come by and would completely misjudge the amount of water to drink beforehand. It was always the same, a gorgeous girl struggling not to soak her sexy outfit. This time he got lucky, this newbie was far more attractive than the ones before her, and she also looked a LOT more desperate.

"Urrmmm could I please use the bathroom for a second before we go in please?" The girl asked timidly.

"I'm so sorry Miss Natsuki, there is no time, and it is already 20 minutes past schedule and we have lots to do,"

"Ohhh okay..."

The young man whose name was Alex almost felt sorry for her, the way she accepted his words he could almost hear her heart sink.

"This way Miss Natsuki," he said as he ushered her through a door

"Please call me Yui," she said trying her best to sound friendly despite her obvious discomfort

"Wow that was unexpected...she's clearly in trouble and she's still trying to be nice," Alex thought to himself as he led her on

"You got it Yui, all the best in there! I know it's your first time but I'm sure you'll do great!" He waved her off and returned to his desk.

"Thanks! I hope so but I'm not so sure..." Yui mumbled to no one in particular as she walked through the door, she glanced back at the boy who had just sent her off, he seemed around her age he had a short close cropped haircut and dark chocolate skin. She was momentarily taken aback by his kind words. She felt her concentration slip for just a fraction of a second but it was enough. She felt a few drops of pee squirt out into her panties. She gasped and grabbed her crotch, checking for damage but there didn't seem to be any. She timidly made her way forward.

Chapter 4

"Yui! There you are! There's my Asian beauty!" cried the over enthusiastic director in a comical French accent. If Yui was not concentrating so hard on not soaking her shorts she might have giggled. Instead she smiled weakly and approached.

"I am Enrico, I will be your director for today, sorry darling but we have some unforeseen things to attend to later on so we must begin now!"

"Come come get put your things down and get on the set darling, si right there!"

Yui did as she was told, taking baby steps, it took all her effort not to grab her crotch. She could feel her pee right at the edge.

"Okay Darlings, as mentioned today's story is about all of you as car sales women, you will be having a meeting when a client comes in and he will argue over prices, then you gorgeous ladies will show him what happens when he argues! Okay si?"

Chapter 5

Yui looked around at the other women, she was taken aback. There were four other girls and they were gorgeous. The girls were seated around a table on the set, wearing elegant but sexy outfits just like hers. Closest to her was a pretty red-head with a killer rack and piercing green eyes. She wore a sexy black mini-dress, the kind girls often wore to clubs, and a very high pair of heels. Her long mane of crimson hair fell around her shoulders. The girl looked to be in her late twenties. Beside the red-head was a blonde woman who looked around her early-thirties, yet she looked stunning nonetheless. She too had a well-developed chest though not as big as the red-head’s. She had on a brown leather jacket and a very tight pair of light blue jeans. Her hair was shoulder length with a sexy “blown-dry” look. Across from the pair, seated on the opposite side of the table was another blonde and a brunette. Both looked very young, around eighteen or nineteen.

The blonde was a little on the plain side with simple features and her hair tied back in a ponytail. She had an average body and was wearing a t-shirt and jeans. She pulled off the “farmers-daughter” look well. The brunette however was a real beauty. She had an almost angelic cute face and a small petite frame. She wore a cute red summer dress. She seemed to be chatting happily with the blonde beside her. Not all the girls seemed to be too happy though, Yui noticed that the blonde and red-head pair seemed to be rather uncomfortable. The redhead had a tense expression on her face and she was fidgeting in her chair. The older blonde was biting her lip and looked extremely uncomfortable as well she was rubbing her tummy with one hand occasionally and tapping her feet. Both women were crossing their legs very tightly. Yui guessed they were facing similar troubles as she was though she doubted their situation could be half as bad.

Yui took her place beside the red-head. The girl gave her a kind smile. Yui managed a weak smile, her bladder screaming for relief as she sat down. Yui pulled her chair as close to the table as she could to allow her to discretely grab her crotch below the table.

“I’m Katarina but you can call me Kat,” the red-head said casually but it was enough to startle Yui causing her to lose her concentration for a second, causing a short spurt of hot piss to spurt out. She gasped in surprise and grabbed herself hard under the table. The red-head shot her a curious look.

“errmm Hi Kat! I’m Yui…Yui Natsuki,” she finally managed in a timid voice, even talking was difficult given the state of her bladder.

Kat seemed to shift around in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her sexy muscular legs. She gave Yui a kind smile, but she looked a little distressed herself.

In an attempt to distract herself from the state of her bladder, Yui was about to initiate a conversation with Kat when she heard an “nnnnnghh” from her far right. She looked over, beyond Kat and saw the older blonde looking visibly upset. She was biting her lip hard and her eyes were closed tight, she was bent forward slightly in her chair with her legs double crossed and she had a hand jammed in her crotch. The sight of another girl in such a situation was too much for Yui, she felt another one-second spurt jet out of her exhausted pee-hole into her already wet panties. She squeezed hard and managed to cut it off but she could feel a distinct wetness in her shorts, if this damn director didn’t hurry up, she was in deep trouble.

“You OK Ashe?” Kat asked the blonde woman.

“Yeah, just a strong wave, wish he would hurry up, I don’t know how long more I can take,” The blonde Ashe replied sounding upset.

“You and me both then, I’m in big trouble here,” Yui commented, her hand glued to her crotch, she could feel the wetness through her shorts

“You’re the new girl right? I’m Ashe, pleasure” the older woman said kindly. She offered her hand across. As Yui leaned over to shake her hand she felt another short spurt leak out, she cursed silently. As she shook Ashe’s hand, she noticed a small dark spot on Ashe’s crotch about the size of a coin. “At least someone else is in the same boat as me,” Yui thought.

Chapter 6

“OKAY LADIES, SHOW TIME! YOU WILL BEGIN YOUR EH…MEETING…KAT YOU TAKE THE LEAD, AAAAAAANNND ACTION” Enrico yelled from his little chair in front of the set.

Kat sighed and stood up, making sure to keep her legs crossed. She knew she was in a better state than Yui or Ashe but she was still in bad shape herself. She had been doing these golden shower films for a while now and she cursed herself for not being able to gauge her water consumption better beforehand. She could feel the dampness in her thong from when she had spurted earlier. As she stood up, a new wave of pressure rocked through her bladder. She cursed under her breath as another small spurt leaked out. Her thong was very wet now and she knew it wouldn’t hold anymore. She had to maintain control until the piss scene or she would make a fool of herself on camera.

“Okay Ladies, as you know, sales recently have been taking a dip, I have called you all here to discuss this matter,” Kat began in her sexy German accent. As she continued her introductory act, she observed the other girls at the table. The blonde and brunette pair, Janna and Caitlyn, were doing fine, and were paying full attention to the faux speech. Caitlyn occasionally shifted in her seat but Janna seemed to be facing no discomfort whatsoever. Ashe and Yui were a different story. Both were looking down at their legs with pained expressions on their faces. From her point of view, Kat could see Ashe squeezing her crotch hard under the table. She couldn’t see Yui’s legs but from her position and the way her hand was going below the table, she knew Yui was doing the same. Both girls were panting and gasping under their breath.

“So does anyone have any input on this? How are we going to improve sales girls?” Kat continued, shifting around uncomfortably.

“Urmmm….well I do have an idea but it may not be the best..” Caitlyn offered shyly.

“Let’s hear it then, something is better than nothing….usually at least” Kat said gently.

“Well ok….urm I was thinking we could do a sort of promotional event where we do like a bikini car wash or something like that showcasing the new car models….im sure the guys would go crazy for Kat and Ashe in their bikinis while you girls splash around!” Caitlyn suggested.

It wasn’t much but it was enough, the thought of water splashing around caused Kat’s bladder to spasm sending a 2 second spurt of her hot urine right into her already soaked pink thong. The wet fabric was unable to contain all the liquid and a few drops dripped down Kat’s sexy legs. Panic shot through her as she bent forward, one hand massaging her aching bladder as she crossed her legs hard in an attempt to cut off the flow. “Thanks a lot Cait! I’ll be sure to pay you back for that one later!” Kat mumbled to herself.

Although she didn’t look it, Ashe was in even worse shape than Kat, the image of water splashing around had caused a hot involuntary spurt to shoot out of her vagina through her already dripping tight white thong and into her jeans. The wet spot at her crotch now the size of an apple. “Dammit why won’t they hurry up! Easy for these young girls but I can’t take much more” Ashe thought to herself. Although she did not look it, Ashe was 37 years old and her bladder was not as strong as it used to be.

Yui was in worse shape than Ashe and Kat but she was unaffected by Cait’s little comment only because she wasn’t paying attention at all. Yui’s mind was entirely focused on the fight with her screaming bladder. Even without the additional imagery, Yui had involuntarily lost a few more drops into her panties. She could see a visible wet patch on her shorts about the size of a small apple where her shorts had gone translucent and the outline of her wet purple panties could be seen.

“Urmm well…..that might be an option, but we will consider it for later,” Kat announced with a pained expression. Yui thought she saw a faint glimmer on the inner side of Kats right thigh as she spoke.

“Girls look! There is a man outside! He might be a customer! Let’s get him in here!” Janna said excitedly, though it was just a part of the script.

Kat Janna and Caitlyn shuffled to the “window” of the boardroom, at the side of the set and pretended to peer out at this mystery man. There was a small couch before the window and the 5 of them climbed on it, peering out of the window while kneeling on the couch. As per the script, Cait pretended to call out to the mystery man and invite him over to the “showroom.”

After about 15 seconds, a prop door opened and a muscular man in his late twenties entered. He was wearing a full suit and had a mean look to him.

“So you called me here to er…come for eh car viewing?” he asked in an accent that was very Eastern European.

“Yes we wanted to introduce to you some of our newer models,” Ashe said in a strained voice, she had managed to take her hand away from her crotch to greet the man but she was standing bent forward with her legs crossed tight and there was a small wet patch visible on her crotch.

“Let me show you some,” she continued as she gestured to the table and walked over, taking baby steps.

The other girls followed Ashe and the new man who introduced himself as Lucian, to the table.

The girls then engaged Lucian in some faux chatting about some nonexistent car, Kat and Ashe were squirming in their seats, even Caitlyn looked pretty uncomfortable by this point. She bobbed in her seat and had a pained look. Yui was the only one who was rather silent, she was in serious trouble at this point. She could feel a few drops leaking out every few minutes. Yui glanced down at the crotch of her shorts. It was soaked through, the purple tinge of her panties visible through them. She felt another small spurt leave her exhausted pee-hole as she whimpered to herself.

“If you do not want to play nice, then I guess we must teach you a lesson!” Janna suddenly announced forcefully. Apparently this new guy was not liking the imaginary car offers.

“C’mon girls! Let’s teach him!” Janna announced sounding as fake as one can get. She got up and dragged Lucian to the couch before shoving him on it. She then beckoned for the other girls to come over. Gingerly the other 4 began to make their way.

As Yui Stood up, she felt a sharp wave hit her bladder and another spurt broke free. She could some of the hot piss flow down her legs. She slowly began to walk over, hand in crotch. As she moved though, she felt more and more began to come out. Her bladder had been protesting for ages now and it was out of patience. She was halfway between the table and the couch when she felt it. A new wave of pressure, much stronger than the others this time. She felt the urine force open her exhausted sphincter and a strong jet gushed out into her panties. Yui froze in place, legs crossed one hand covering her mouth, the other jammed between her legs, but there was nothing she could do.

She strained as hard as she could but she couldn’t even reduce the flow, her warm yellow urine was gushing uncontrollably out of her vagina into her soaked panties and shorts. She was mortified, she was wetting herself like a little girl on camera! She moaned as she struggled with her sphincter, begging it to close but it would have none of that. She broke down in tears as her bladder emptied itself despite her desperate pleas. Yui stood there frozen on the spot, in full view of everyone else as a waterfall of her urine splashed all over the set, the familiar pungent small wafting around. When she finally finished wetting, she looked around at the bewildered group looking back at her. Tears streaming down her face.

…End of Part 1…

Authors Note: Before anyone asks, Yes, those were names taken from female League of Legends Champions, sorry couldn’t resist haha, I’ve always liked the game and our dear Yui is a gamer herself sooooooo…… J About the story itself, I hope it was acceptable, haha kept second guessing myself as I wrote. Anyways, my sincere apologies if anyone was offended or displeased by my description of computer programmers. My intention was to highlight the misguided stereotypical image that some people have of programmers being geeks with poor social skills. I had no intention of insulting programmers by suggesting that they are actually that way as I know very well that as with all jobs there are good, bad, awesome and crazy people (and crazily awesome people!).

Also, I would like to apologize to anyone who was offended by the whole “porn flick” concept. I confess I have seen a couple of piss porn flicks myself and one thing I ALWAYS looked out for was the actresses showing any signs of desperation before the piss scene cos I’m pretty sure any of that would be 100% genuine. I’m pretty sure it’s not impossible for some of the actresses to have drank too much water before hand and hence end up squirming around uncomfortably waiting for their chance to pee. Unfortunately, I’ve only ever come across one such flick a really long time ago (if anyone wants it, let me know, I’ll go hunt down the link). Hence I decided to write a story about it.

Here’s the fun part: I have left out part 2 of this story because I’m caught at a cross-roads and I cannot decide. So, I decided to ask you guys,

Option1: Yui runs off set and is met by Alex who tries to comfort her. The two go off somewhere (possible a bar restraint etc.…) and talk… as Alex tries to comfort Yui. Naturally they drink too much and woohooo! Desperation scene round 2! This time with female AND male desperation, and possibly some steamy romance between them after (you guys decideJ).

Option 2: One of the other girls comes down to comfort Yui and bring her back on set to continue the shoot. So we go back to the glorious scene of having 3 gorgeous actresses bursting and struggling to hold on before the cue.

Do let me know which option you guys want guys, I’ve got ideas for both, and I’ll just pick the majority vote. You can PM me or post on the comments, whichever J you can also PM me with any other things you want me to include, or story requests for future works or well….just to chat! I think I’m friendly….hopefully J

*003*2015-12-27 11:09

Thank you a million for your kind comments Minervafan and GreatNobody :) really appreciate it! ill be sure to keep your comments in mind and try to improve the part 2. Oh and yeah Janna is the blonde. well im sure something nice can be worked out :)

