Desperation Memories

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-07-16 07:27

Another story I cooked up. No wetting in this one, just peeing and desperation.

Olivia was busy cleaning and reorganizing her bedroom when she discovered an old picture from high school from behind her dresser. As she looks at it, she begins to reminisce about her last week as a high school student.

One day after school, she was about to head home when she suddenly felt the need to pee. She didn't ride the bus often; she normally rides a bike to school. She got on the bike and rode it halfway to her house...right before her bladder started to fill up some more. Desperate, she got off of the bike and pressed her hands between her legs in attempt to hold it in. Though the pressure had stopped, she didn't want to keep going. And having a bladder infection, she's not supposed to hold it in for very long, but she didn't want to wet herself, so she resorts to the lumberjack method.

She goes into the nearby woods and first hides her bike in a huge bush. Then, she approaches a huge tree that looked to have flowers growing on its branches, and pulls her shorts and panties to her kneecaps. Being the bit of a tomboy that she is, instead of squatting down like normal girls would do, she leaned forward in attempt to aim, and released a big squirt of pee onto the base of the tree, then another towards the roots.

She then aims a little higher and releases another squirt of pee onto a bug that was resting on the tree. She skims over to another side of the tree and released a bit longer of a squirt of pee onto it. It felt good to let it out a little at a time. But it seemed that she was having a little TOO much fun with it. She ended up leaking into her panties a little. This time, she decided to just let it all out. And she did. She released her pee in a jet-like torrent that splattered onto the tree like a pressure-powered water hose. She rocked left to right so that her torrent would get all over the tree. Having a big bladder, it took thirty seconds for her to completely empty it. She pulled her panties and shorts up and rode her bike all the way home.

"Ahh, good times," Olivia said to herself.

Story inspired by a picture I saw once. ;)

I'm trying to remember what character this one's going to be confused with.

*001*2012-07-16 08:37

Ahh, another double post... Anyone knows how to remove it?

*003*2012-07-21 09:22

{{:

Not bad. A little short, but that's okay!

}}

I kinda avoided a long story this time 'cause I was working on a long story and it got "lost in the void". Though, she might get confused with a character from one of my friends' YouTube series, who surprisingly has the same name and a very similar personality. Also, I made this out of inspiration from a pic I saw on deviantART once.

Thanks, though. :D

