Anything to Confess? - Page 9

Author: Mbgpeelover

*214*2021-09-27 21:23

Chapter 100

Liam

I hated being controlled and dominated by Lauren Bennett but this is different in so many ways. Submitting to Megan is exciting, sexy, and most of all consensual. I can stop at any time and I know she’ll understand and not be disappointed but I really don’t want to quit like that regardless how desperate I am Having Megan control my bladder and my toilet access sends shivers up my spine and blood pumping through my body, her every text making me more and more horny even with my best mate right beside me. In fact doing this secretly between us whilst in the company of someone else makes it somehow even more exhilarating and thrilling.

Gareth has been so generous buying me two pints of quality beer and a glass of soda water and lime. I haven’t once visited the gents but I have no idea if he’s noticed my tightly crossed legs and bouncing knees in the bar and constant moving waiting for our curries. But now back at mine, as I openly squirm on my seat I can’t hide my extreme need any longer! As he sits right beside me, in my own flat with my bathroom tantalisingly close by, he outright asks me if I need to piss! Part of me is mortified and the other half finds it secretly sexy. I tell him what Megan told me to say about not wanting my curry to get cold and he nods like this is perfectly acceptable despite the fact I have a hand gripping myself under the table and I am fidgeting like mad.

“So when we’ve finished eating are you going to give me a tour before I go back? I reckon I should call a cab to get me back to the hotel don’t you? This is a right decent curry by the way.”

It is a good curry but the onions make me cough a little meaning I need to drink more, which really is the last thing I need right now. My phone beeps with another text and Gareth laughs heartily as I jump and moan almost pissing myself.

“It’s almost midnight mate. I take it that’s your Irish lass then? Seems she’s as taken with you as you are her! I’m surprised you didn’t just get her as your new flat mate if things are going that well. And for fuck sake just go piss mate. You’re like my Michael sitting there holding yourself not wanting to leave what you’re doing. He’s seven though..not 31 like you! What’s stopping you? And don’t say your curry because that’s a load of shite! You’re making me need to go with all that squirming and stuff. Actually where is you bog mate? If you ain’t gonna go then I will!”

I feel my face reddening as I tell him where my bathroom is, yearning with everything I have to race there myself. I’m going to have to confess to Megan that I can’t do this any longer. I’m going to have to beg her to finally let me go!

With Gareth out the room I take a quick video of myself moaning and holding myself urgently and send it to Megan begging her to let me go and saying that Gareth is currently in my bathroom! So replies immediately with a photo that sends me utterly crazy! She’s lying on a couch in a dimly lit room with her hands inside her underwear. Despite being agonisingly bursting to piss with a rock hard bladder I now have a rock hard dick to match! I touch the photo with my hands longing to touch Megan so badly. Having her control me is sending me bananas for her and I seriously want to race all the way to hers in the dark of night just to hold her, kiss her and fuck her. I text her back shaking I’m so needy for her.

“Fuck! I thought I so badly wanted to piss but seeing you now I’d never piss again if it meant I could be with you right now! You are beautiful and so desirable. I want you so much right now…”

I stroke my rock hard bladder and move my hand down to my rock hard dick, stroking through my jeans almost crying at how much I want Megan Murphy while staring at her photo in awe. I’m so caught up and focussed I don’t hear Gareth come back quietly into the room.

“Right, your turn now mate while I ring that cab. Matilda will be waiting up for me and as much as I love you as a mate it ain’t you I fancy snuggling with tonight. You ok there?”

Before I can stop him he’s right beside me, my hard on bloody obvious to us both and my phone displaying my Megan in a very private way that seems so wrong for my mate to see.

“Fucking hell Liam! How long have you two been together then? You have done it before right?”

Sheepishly, and very shyly, with my heart beating so fast I feel dizzy, I confess to my best mate that we have only fucked once.

“It’s not that simply! She lives with her parents and loads of siblings and…”

“But she’s bloody ready and waiting for you right this minute and you’re…well I think it’s rather obvious what you want too…so what you waiting for? Either go to her right now or bring her here! It’s what you both want isn’t it? So why wait? Life is too short mate. Way too bloody short. Don’t miss an opportunity.”

“She’s almost 2 miles away. It’s after midnight..”

“Look tell her to slip out and you’ll pick her up in a cab! I’ll call one right now and get it to drop me at my hotel then onto wherever she lives…you know her address right? Then bring her here for the night.”

“But…she’d need to get back in the morning before her family find out?”

“Set a fucking alarm clock Liam and either call a cab for her or walk her home…whatever..I’m calling a cab. It’s up to you. I’ll even pay to get her here. You’ve been a good mate to me and I didn’t believe you with that Lauren nutter so call this payback. Text her and tell her to be ready. You won’t regret it.”

*216*2021-09-28 09:20

Chapter 101

Megan

Alone in my own living room I feel somewhat safe as I lie playing and enjoying my own body as I think of Liam and all he has been drinking and how he still hasn’t been to the toilet yet. His text updates thrill me knowing I have full control of when he gets to release the huge pressure inside him. I image it all as sexual fore play, his increasing desire to urinate akin to my increasing desire to climax, his urgency in harmony with mine. I’m edging closer and closer to that place of no return in my body where I know I will lose complete control of my whole being and when I will finally allow my lover to release his physical tension as I release my sexual tension, our bodies climaxing in different ways but simultaneously in complete harmony.

That was my plan right up until my mobile started vibrating in my hand, startling and shaking my whole body, the voice on the other end making me shiver with sexual excitement.

“Hi, my beautiful.”

“Hey! Has your friend left?”

“He’s just calling a cab. The thing is…well…God Megan…I….fuck I need to just tell you! I want you so much right now. I am besotted with you, my darling, obsessed with you, absolutely crazy about you…love heart eyes emoji for you…and God right now my body longs for you so badly I could burst…if you want to…and only if you want to, my beautiful…well Gareth said I could get his cab to come get you, bring you back here, where we can be together all night. God how badly I want that baby. I’m shaking here just at the thought…what do you think?”

“Oh Liam! You have no idea how much I long for you right now in ways I never even knew possible! You mean be together all night? Seriosly? I would need to get back here before anyone knew though, before any of them wake…but…oh I long for you so much. But good grief I’m lying here in just my nighty honey! Have I got time to get dressed? What if someone hears me? Oh Liam I do want to be with you though…really I do.”

“You got a coat handy? Slippers? Just come as you are. I couldn’t fucking care if you were in a fucking elephant onesie right now I just want you so much! Gareth has just signalled that the cab is on its way. I won’t let it toot or anything but I’ll sit for a minute outside yours after it’s dropped Gareth at the hotel. If you want to I’m all yours…oh and just so you know I still haven’t been to the toilet yet!”

“Oh my word Liam. You must be absolutely bursting honey!”

His voice goes quiet, sexily and excitedly quiet, as he whispers down the line to me…

“Oh I am sweetheart, I really am. But I’m so hard right now for someone very very special that I’m about to explode with something else too…I need you!”

Despite the fact everyone is asleep upstairs I still whisper back whilst exploring my very ready vagina, my heart pounding and the hairs on the back of my neck tingling.

“I need you too Liam. So much so. I’ll be outside waiting!”

As I slide off the couch, delirious with desire, I giggle quietly as I slide my slippers off and slide my bare feet into my flat black outdoor shoes, the hardness and coldness making me suddenly urgently need to pee. I glance upstairs, momentarily debating to myself about risking using the bathroom, but it just feels a risk too much. Instead I grab my pink anorak and search the pockets for my recently acquired house key. It’s not there! Dancing around with a huge urgency to pee I try to think where I last put it. 

I suddenly remember seeing it in my purse earlier when I was out with Chelsea, but my purse is upstairs on the dresser in my room, the room I share with Theresa! Desperately trying to think, with one hand wedged between my legs as my earlier tea and full glass of cold water threaten to burst out of me any second, I suddenly remember the spare key behind the clock on the mantelpiece. In the barely lit room it’s hard to find but once I have it I pull my hood up, zip my coat up and sneak outside the front door, unlocking and re-locking it as silently as I can. As I walk down the path the cold air causes me to shiver and leak a little into my pants as I cross my legs very tightly and look up and down the street anxiously for any signs of a taxi, silently praying no other vehicle passes by and sees me.

I stand, well more precisely dance around and squirm, both trying to keep warm and simultaneously not wet myself, as I wait alone in just my nightwear and light anorak.

What on earth has come over me? How on earth will I explain any of this in the confession booth at chapel? How many times will I have to recite the rosary to make amends for my sins after tonight? I am just getting second thoughts when a car pulls up and the back door opens as Liam waves me to join him, his face shining in desire and longing, his eyes beaming with excitement.

As he holds both his arms out just inside the car door I run towards him, any last minute doubts blown away by the night breeze as I abandon my upbringing, my faith, my family, and even my baby sister, all for the excitement and thrill of a night with an English litter picker who I love more than I even dare confess, even to myself.

*217*2021-09-28 15:49

Chapter 102

Liam

By the time I’ve called Megan there’s tooting outside the flat as the taxi is here so suddenly I barely have time to get my coat off the back of the chair and on my back. I’m carried along by the effects of alcohol, my best mate’s insistence, and sheer longing for one woman. Leaving the warmth of the flat I feel the cold air hit me hard as my erection subsides just enough to make my bladder spasm as I grab myself instinctively in the dark of the night as Gareth pushes me gently into the back of the private cab.

“Hilton hotel please, then my mate Liam will tell you where he’s going. Cheers mate!”

Gareth climbs in the front leaving me alone in the back, for which I am so grateful as I massage my crotch frantically, forcing myself to think sexy thoughts about Megan to get hard so I don’t burst on the backseat. I hear Gareth talking to the cab driver as I squirm in the back texting Megan to tell her we’re on the way. I’m shaking in anticipation of seeing her, longing for her so much it hurts and hyper at the thought of lying in my own bed beside her. I’ve never wanted to be with a girl more than I do right now, but fuck do I need to piss too, so so badly. I wrap my arms around my aching bladder and lean forwards as the cab pulls into the Hilton car park. Gareth hands some notes to me in the back as I try to come back to earth enough to tell the driver Megan’s address. The driver must see me in his internal mirror as he looks right at my best friend as Gareth stands beside the cab and comments loudly,

“He ain’t gonna vomit is he? I’m not taking him if he does!”

Gareth promises I won’t as I struggle to sit still.

“25 Woodburn Close please. Just to pick someone up then right back to 102 Victoria Road, thank you.”

As we drive along the quiet dark roads towards the Brookfield estate I feel my legs tighten, the muscles in my buttocks clenched as tight as I can possibly manage, as an overwhelming urge to relax and let my bladder empty almost overwhelms me. Fucking hell I need to use the toilet and very urgently! As the car turns into Megan’s street I feel my erection growing again but not before a small spurt of urine manages to leak into my clothing. I’ve no idea if there’s anything to be seen on my jeans as it’s pitch dark, but as the driver slows to a halt at Megan’s I push open the back door and throw both my arms wide open to embrace my beautiful woman. With the dim light from the car’s internal lights I catch a glimpse of Megan’s familiar pink anorak, her gorgeous brown hair under her hood and her alluring, amazing, smile. She slides into the back seat beside me as I wrap her in my arms, the seatbelt trying to pull me back.

Megan pulls her own seatbelt on as she cuddles right into me on the middle seat as I wrap one arm around her shoulders while my other hand presses firmly on my dick to stop any more piss leaking out. Megan feels cold, fidgety and stiff beside me as I kiss her cheek and whisper in her ear.

“You feel cold baby. Cuddle in. We’ll be warm at mine very soon.”

She uses her hand to move my face forwards so her mouth is level with my ear. As the taxi drives through dark but empty roads sparks fly through my entire body as my incredible girlfriend whispers to me with one hand in her crotch fidgeting manically.

“Before we make love please can I use your loo? Have you went yet?”

I whisper back one word that sums up the torture in my entire body, the heaviness of my bladder, the pain surging from my testicles right down my very erect penis. One word that I hope she believes and knows is the entire truth. One word that shows how obedient I have been to her all night.

“No.”

I take her hand and guide it to my upper legs as she feels my thick bulge in my jeans. In the pitch black of the back of the taxi I then risk letting her let go as I move her hand to the top of my jeans as I let her feel my extremely hard and distended bladder. I’m not sure if her moans at this are due to her own need or sexual pleasure from feeling mine, but hearing them sends pre-cum shooting down my erection uncontrollably as I shiver in panic at the thought it might be another spurt of urine. Megan quickly takes my hand and slides it between her legs as I feel her body pounding and throbbing against my hand even through her nighty and knickers. If this cab doesn’t get us back to mine in the next few minutes I fear I might fuck Megan right on the back seat we’re sitting on!

As if the driver can read my mind he comes to a stop. Between my giddiness from drinking and my intense horniness for Megan it takes me a moment to remember that I need to pay the cab.

“23 pounds please.”

I open the cab door and use a combination of a nearby street light and the internal door light from the taxi to find £30 in notes from the money Gareth gave me as I tell him to keep the change as I pull Megan out and pull her to my front door. I only let go of her hand to dig in my coat pocket for my key as I hear the cab pull away and Megan quietly moaning.

“Oh it’s really really bad Liam! It’s going to come out. I can’t stop it. Oh no! I’m so cold I’m leaking…oh no! Oh no!”

There’s no-one around and the road is quiet, thankfully, as I stand with the key in my lock and gaze at Megan as she opens her legs standing right on my doorstep, her knees slightly bent, and her nighty rolled in her hands as she moans. The sound of hissing and liquid hitting the ground thrills me as I gasp in utter awe as I can’t resist biting Megan’s neck in passion even as she pees violently right in front of me.

If she doesn’t stop peeing herself and get into bed with me in the next minute or two I will be ejaculating right here on my doorstep too! I can’t imagine how tonight could possibly get any better than it has already, yet I know the finale will somehow exceed it all. I need it to happen so urgently I moan like a man possessed.

I have to stop sucking Megan’s neck even though it’s the last thing I want to do. I need her inside my flat. I need her naked. I need to be inside her!

*218*2021-09-29 08:34

Chapter 103

Megan

I really hope sitting in the taxi will help me hold but even cuddled in beside Liam isn’t helping. As he lets me feel his bulge I am in awe, and seriously frisky, even more so as he runs my hand over his huge bladder. The thought that he’s been bursting for hours and holding because I asked him to makes me feel so special, so wonderful, so sexy. I’m not sure how much more I can take though, how much longer I can hold back as the warmth and wetness and throbbing between my legs gets faster and stronger and more powerful by the second. Even moving Liam’s large firm hand to my crotch doesn’t feel enough as I moan in extreme urgency for more than one release.

I can’t piss in the taxi though. I just can’t.

The delay when the cab stops is horrendous. What’s taking Liam so long to pay? Finally he gets out but I’m terrified I’m not going to make it to his bathroom on time. The cold air of the very early hour catches my bare legs as I step out making the very hairs on them rise to attention. The coldness edges upwards from my ankles to my knees and up past my thigh to my crotch as I shiver helplessly as Liam pulls me to his front door.

I can feel it about to happen as I moan and squirm, but the anticipation of a toilet any second, the cold night air, the sheer volume in my bladder, and the exhaustion of my muscles is too much as I take a foot and step it to the side on my boyfriend’s doorstep, bending my knees just enough to keep my balance. There’s no time to pull my knickers down, no spare seconds even to pull the gusset aside, as I feel the tingling tip of my urethra shake and tremble as the drop of urine acting as a plug can’t take any more pressure as it cascades into my small knickers, quickly soaking them as the torrent behind it pushes quickly down through my short urethra out into the open as I feel warm liquid run down my legs in dribbles as huge splashes hit the doorstep. I stay slightly bent as the entire contents of my body explodes onto the ground as I grip my thin nighty tightly at my side and my eyes catch Liam’s as he turns the key and opens the door.

I expect him to look embarrassed or ashamed but instead his eyes gleam with urgent desire and need as his smile beams from ear to ear. His tongue licks around his lips seductively as he then winks at me enticingly. It’s like he’s loved every minute of my accident, which feels so incredible, so accepting, so relieving. It doesn’t matter that my underwear is drenched and still dripping as he pulls me hurriedly inside and closes the door as he throws his coat off and onto the floor, followed immediately by his shirt which he doesn’t even unbutton as he pulls it hastily over his head. 

Before I can even fully breathe he has his jeans off too, his readiness extremely evident as it forms a massive tent in his underwear. I stand ogling him, admiring every aspect of him, still feeling droplets of my warm urine on my legs. Gently, but quickly, he pulls my anorak off my shoulders and let’s it drop onto the floor by the door before taking the bottom seam of my nighty with both hands and lifting it over my head. I’m naked underneath except for my soaked knickers as his eyes bulge in yearning for my body. I’ve never felt so wanted, so desirable, so beautiful and appreciated in all my life as he draws our bodies together and holds me tightly in his arms.

I know his body needs mine as much as I need his but the romantic pause of just holding me, the sexual need and tension between us and the comfort and security of being in his arms is blissful and reassuring. I don’t feel like I’m just a way for him to release, a need to be satisfied, a notch on his bedpost. I feel special, wanted, treasured.

“Megan, I love you.”

It’s unexpected, yet perfectly expected too. A tear runs down my cheek as he kisses me passionately and freely. I allow him unhindered access to any part of my tongue, mouth, and body that he wants. I’m all his and his alone. As his hand presses over my sodden warm knickers as he pulls his tongue from mine I gasp at my urgent need for him.

Finally able to speak now our mouths are free from each other’s I pant in passion and need.

“I love you too Liam Jude. So so much!”

He takes my hand and leads me to his bedroom, my knickers still on and only his underwear on him. The room isn’t very big but that doesn’t matter at all as he lies me flat on my back on his bed as he pulls his boxers off revealing the finest, most beautiful erect penis. I expect him to pull my wet knickers off too but instead he runs his hands along the sole of my feet, tickling me and making me giggle like a little girl, then he puts his head down and starts licking my legs from my ankles right to my crotch as my giggles turn to moans of urgent need. 

How much more ready does he need me to be? As his tongue reaches my underpants he finally pulls them off me silently and gently as he smells them and feels them before dropping them on the floor. Lying on the bed on my back, my knees bent and my feet flat, I look at Liam’s firm hairy chest, his broad shoulders and neat belly which all draw me but then my eyes drop slightly lower and I shiver with desire at how huge and full his bladder looks. I try to imagine the volume of liquid inside all kept back because I asked him too. I only hope it’s not painful as Liam pulls himself onto the bed and kneels over me astride, his penis head tickling and teasing the very opening of my vagina.

I’m so curious wether being so needy for intercourse has overruled his bladder or wether his mind is just so focussed on me he has forgotten about his need to piss. I hope he doesn’t mind me asking. I open my mouth to ask as he leans forward again to bite my neck.

“Mmmmm. If you don’t stop that Liam I’ll orgasm before you are even inside me babe. Oh God that’s amazing. Mmmmm. Ahhhhhh. Ohhhh. Oh God please Liam! I want you!”

“I need you Megan.”

He slides a little further forward on top of me, his dick sliding easily into me as my body opens to accept him readily and willingly, gripping him and smothering his manhood with my juices as I pull my bottom up and down to get more and more of him as Liam moans.

“So…ohhhh….Jesus…are you still wanting to go to the toilet honey?”

“Oh fuck yes! But not until I have done something else first honey. You won’t deny me this too? I have been desperate for this for so long sweetheart. I’ve wanted to fuck you from the first time we met in the launderette! Oh fuck Megan…don’t stop baby! I’m coming!”

He places the palms of his hands flat on the bed by my shoulders as our bodies build up speed quickly as I pant and allow myself to let go as my orgasm reaches a crescendo as I hear Liam moan deeply and grunt as he thrusts into me as I feel warmth ooze from his hardness inside of me as he relaxes one arm and lets his head rest right beside me as he kisses my cheek lightly and tenderly.

As our bodies remain in each other’s his hardness slowly subsides as he slips his arm under my head and looks into my eyes.

“I’m impressed I held that back you know beautiful. I’ve been so close to coming, so on edge and horny for you all night and when you stood on my doorstep and wet yourself I very nearly exploded in my jeans. You sure know how to get me going. I adore you so much Megan Murphy.”

“Well when you asked if I wanted to control when you got to pee tonight I very near orgasmed just at your text updates and those videos of you squirming! You’ve been driving me wild all night too!”

I roll over and we lie embraced in each other’s arms naked on the most comfortable bed I have ever laid on in my life, as I allow my hand to caress and lightly press on the biggest and hardest bladder I have ever seen too. Liam moans and instantly grabs his dick tightly.

“Shit!”

He looks right into my eyes, begging with his teeth clenched.

“Please please may I piss now! Oh fuck…it’s not even an option to hold this now!”

“Goodness me sweetheart of course you can! As long as I can watch?”

*219*2021-09-29 15:56

Chapter 104

Liam

Loving and making love to Megan is the greatest thing ever. Holding her naked body in my arms on my bed is just so perfect, so amazing, but as my penis slides naturally out of her body and the blood slowly ebbs away from my crotch area I feel a cramping in my bladder, spasms that hit me so hard I fear I will explode right where I am lying. As Megan lightly touches my bladder I fear I am doomed as my urgency to piss returns with a vengeance. I beg Megan in tears to let me go NOW! It actually hurts to hold this now and I can’t even stand up straight. I hear her saying something about watching me but right now I don’t care if she films me for fucking pornhub as long as I can get to urinate!

I moan and whimper like a wounded animal as the spasms intensify. It takes huge effort and a death grip of my dick to make it off the bed dry as I hobble the short distance next door to my bathroom. I can hear Megan behind me but I am single focussed vocally moaning as every step torments my body so much I can barely breathe…

‘Ahhhh…..ohhhh….God….fuck…eeeeee….ahhhh’

I’m crying I have to let go so badly. My back can’t straighten and sweat is pouring from my back and forehead as I see the toilet and let out a yell…

“Owwww….”

Urine arches out of my aching pulsing penis not quite reaching the toilet but I just can’t hold it back even a millisecond longer. I keep stepping forwards until finally my piss splashes violently and loudly into my toilet pan, Megan rubbing my back gently now as I urinate like my very life depends on it.

“Ohhhhh…..boy……fuck….phew….”

It pours and it pours as I struggle to steady my body as finally I can relax fully as the pain slowly eases from my huge bladder right down to my testicles and penis as the flow continues on as strong as ever. Momentarily losing myself in the moment of ecstasy I feel adrenaline soar through my body as I let out a yell..

“YES!”

Megan startles me as she laughs and starts clapping and cheering for me.

“Go Liam! Go Liam!”

My body is shaking at the intensity of my pissing, at the sheer volume exploding from my body, at the high of the release. I’m still going, still firing liquid steadily, still aiming my exhausted dick into my all too familiar and glorious toilet.

“Geez oh! You can stop you know…or we’ll be here all night!”

I want to look at her but I cant lose my aim, not just yet, as my stream slows slightly as the toilet bowl continues to fill with my warm foamy output. I’m tiring more and more as the adrenaline eases and my pain subsides. Never in my life have I experienced such a moment, such an intensity, such a mega euphoria as I have tonight, first with fucking Megan and now with finally pissing. As my bladder finally slowly empties the last of its contents I take a huge breath of air in and let it out slowly, my lungs revelling in the space they now have and the ability of my entire body to fully relax. I accidentally fart as my body stands exhausted but deliriously happy…finally.

“Oh man did I need that!”

Megan rubs my back again as I shake my penis and dab the head with a little loo roll.

“You’ve just restocked the entire North Sea Liam! I’ve never seen anyone pee that much in my entire life. You must have so needed that sweetheart. To think you actually held all that in for me too.”

I flush the almost overflowing toilet, wash my hands then turn and look at Megan standing naked looking at me in awe.

“I have never ever in my whole life been more bursting, more desperate or more in need. Fuck that felt so bloody amazing! I need a drink to recover now! Want a cuppa honey?”

My amazing sweetheart pulls some toilet roll off the roll and bends down to mop up my piss from the floor before putting the wet paper in the loo and flushing it. She steps nearer me to reach the sink as I wait for her to wash her hands. If I wasn’t so utterly drained I would easily take her right back to bed again but I’m delirious after the high of our earlier intercourse and pissing so much so I take her hand and guide her to my small kitchen.

‘What would you like to drink honey? Tea, coffee, milk, water?”

“Just a quick cup of tea please. I don’t know about you but I am so tired. I didn’t think to bring my purse though. What time is it? Are there taxis still running at this time?”

I look around the kitchen and notice the time on the microwave clock. “1:35 in the morning.”

“I need to get back before anyone at home notices I’ve gone. I’ve no money for a taxi though….”

“Stay the night Megan. Please. I’ll set the alarm and call you a cab first thing I promise.”

“I’m tired Liam. So tired.”

I walk over and wrap my arms around her from behind as she sits at the small table alone. Stroking her hair I kiss her cheek gently.

“Me too sweetheart. Me too. But I so want you in my arms to sleep. It’s all I want tonight I promise.”

The kettle boils so I make Megan a mug of tea as she nods for milk but shakes her head for sugar. She looks so fatigued, but so wonderful, as I carry two mugs of tea carefully to my room as she follows.

Sitting up in my bed I pull the duvet over our naked bodies as I hand her her mug. We sip our warm drinks silently, our eyes struggling to stay open and our bodies both so relaxed our breathing deepens and our minds begin to switch off. I gaze lovingly at Megan a short time later as her hands clasp her empty mug, her back against the headboard and her head falling forwards. I gently remove her mug and place it safety on the bedside cabinet beside my own as I slide her body into my bed and rest her head lovingly onto the pillows. Stroking her hair tenderly I lean over and kiss her forehead before cuddling in beside her, switching the bedside lamp off and falling asleep easily.

*220*2021-09-30 08:21

Chapter 105

Megan

I remember sitting in Liam’s bed holding and drinking a cup of tea but then the next thing I remember is being woken by some sort of alarm. It takes me a few minutes to recall where I am as I feel another warm body close to mine; Liam.

“What time is it Liam?”

“5:45am. I wasn’t sure when you would need to be home. I wish you could stay though. When can we see each other again? Oh Megan thank you for staying last night. It was amazing!”

Liam holds me close, his naked body sending tingles through mine as my heart and body long for him so much. I’m still so sleepy and could easily snuggle in under the warm duvet into his body and rest some more but two very important things stop me: needing to get home and needing to let that mug of tea out that I had before bed! My back is against Liam’s front, his arms wrapped around me like a giant teddy.

“I guess I had better get up and head home. Liam?”

“Yes my sweetheart.”

“Could I possibly use your bathroom before I go?”

“Mmmm. Can it wait? 5 more minutes?”

“If you keep cuddling me then yes. But I will need to get home soon sadly. Theresa is visiting mam in hospital this morning and dad will expect us all to go to chapel with him.”

“I saw you at chapel last week. I sat at the back and watched you.”

I roll over to face him, taken aback at what he’s just confessed. Looking at his face I reach a hand out and stroke his cheek.

“You actually came to chapel? To see me?”

“Yes. After seeing you the day before when I was working and you were outside with your baby sister and I found you bursting to pee. After we kissed and I watched you peeing onto that bin bag I couldn’t stop thinking of you. Actually I couldn’t stop thinking of you from the day in the launderette when you squirmed so sexily and eventually had an accident. Then when we met in the library toilet not long later. You mentioned that day about spending your life cleaning up after others for free or something. I was so worried about you that I walked all around your estate every night listening for any signs that someone might be mistreating you. I knew the chapel was somewhere special to you and even more so when you came out it that time and found me against the wall after my panic attack. I loved going to lunch with you that day Megan. I wanted to kiss you in that cafe so bloody much. But then you ran out so quickly. Did I say something?”

So many emotions run through my mind as I realise listening to Liam just how much our lives have been coming together right from the time we first met. I think of the bookmark under my pillow at home that Liam bought and hand delivered to me. In my tiredness and full bladdered state I can’t quite recall the exact words but I know it’s something about desperate situations leading to beautiful moments, or something similar. Now I am lying naked in Liam’s bed it feels safe to confess why I ran out on him that day and where I had to be right after.

“I had to leave that day because of you.”

I slide closer to Liam, my hand still on the side of his face and my thumb running along his perfect lips.

“Not because of anything you said, more because I was scared. I couldn’t get you out my head that day we met in the launderette either. I couldn’t understand why though. I thought it might have just been because of all the feelings I had sitting in the place squirming. Holding for so long, trying to hide how urgently I needed to pee, and then having that accident, did something to my body that I still don’t really fully understand, but ever since that day whenever I’m desperate to pee it’s like my body changes, my mood changes, I feel sexy, alive and….well it makes me want to masterbate myself so much!

That time in the cafe sitting opposite you I started having those exact same feelings, except this time I wasn’t desperate to pee….I was desperate for you! I was falling for you and I was terrified you might not feel the same way, so I ran away using my appointment as an excuse. I did genuinely have an appointment though, that wasn’t a lie. I had to meet with Mr.CGintley, Courtney’s dad. He works at the council as a welfare adviser. He was helping me sort out stuff because I haven’t had a job in years. I felt awful for leaving you though. I never ever thought you might actually like me too.”

“Like you? How could anyone not like you? You are honestly the most beautiful girl I have ever seen. And for your information Miss Murphy…”

He reaches out to gently take my other hand as he places it on his rock hard penis under the duvet.

“That’s exactly what I was like that day in the cafe. I was so hard under the table because I fancied you so much. I still do. God, I love you so much.”

He pulls the back of my head towards his head as I feel his lips meet mine in a tender, loving, passionate way that sends electric sparks firing inside me. I could easily, very easily, stay so much longer. I could easily make love all over again, the tingling in my vagina reminding me that I am not only very turned on again but also really needing to pee.

Against everything in me I draw back from the kiss but I run my thumb over Liam’s lips to show him I adore him so much.

“I really do need to be getting home honey. Do you have money for a cab? I’ll get it back to you somehow as soon as I can. I have chapel this morning with my family then a couple of hours with Chelsea again then I need to watch the boys and Yasmin tonight as Theresa is out and dad is visiting mam. I have something on on Monday morning and I am working Monday, Wednesday and Thursday this week from 4-6 each day. I could walk over to here during the day while the boys are at school though I might need to bring Yasmin with me…oh I don’t know but I have to see you! And Liam?”

“Yes?”

“I am nearly wetting your bed here. Please, please may I use your toilet?”

He winks at me cheekily as he slides his legs off the side of the bed and takes my hands to help me do the same.

“As long as I get to watch?”

I laugh at the reminder of last night as I skip to the bathroom next door walking backwards as I use both hands to pull Liam with me. It’s amazing to finally be with him. It’s equally amazing to actually not worry that someone else might be in the loo when I’m desperate to go.

It’s not the first time Liam Jude has watched me pee and I’m absolutely sure it won’t be the last either!

*221*2021-09-30 16:27

Chapter 106

Liam

I don’t think I’ll ever tire of watching Megan pee but seeing her this morning on my own toilet in my own flat is just so perfect. I’m so glad I listened to Gareth last night and let him pay a taxi to pick up Megan. I only wish I could keep her here forever now though!

I use the toilet right after her and after washing my hands I find Megan at the front door looking on the floor for her nighty and anorak.

“Do you want me to get your pants from the bedroom floor, my treasure?”

“Em…are they dry?”

“Hold on I’ll check.”

Picking up Megan’s knickers I can feel my arousal building quickly as my mind flashes back to last night. While her pants are pretty much dry now, and I image the puddle on my door step is too, my memory will remain forever, bringing me pleasure time and time again.

“They feel pretty dry to me.”

As I watch her stepping into her underwear and zipping up her anorak over her thin nightdress I yearn to hold her in my arms again. I smile, admiring just how beautiful she looks even in the odd combination of nightwear and outerwear.

“What time is it Liam? Please God don’t let anyone at home have noticed I’m gone!”

I step into my room and find my mobile then return quickly to answer my girlfriend.

“Just coming up for 10 past 6. I’ll call a cab right away.”

I have to google the number of a cab company and then wait for the phone to be answered. I give the details and then return to the room briefly to put a clean pair of boxers on and get my jeans and shirt from the floor by Megan. I slip my trainers on my bare feet and for the first time notice Megan has done the same. I unlock my door and open it slightly, not wanting to freeze either of us any longer than necessary. There’s an awkwardness between us as we both stand looking through the gap for the taxi with the street lights still on and dawn just approaching, a silence that’s in stark contrast to how we were in bed together just moments previously. For the first time since Megan arrived at mine I feel slightly guilty, worried even, about how our night together might impact on Megan when she returns home.

Megan remains quiet, her upper lip slightly over her bottom one, her eyes scared and tired looking. I have nothing to be worried about, no one to hide from in my own flat, but yet I find myself still whispering.

“I so wish it didn’t have to be like this you know.”

“Me too.”

“Will I get to see you again?”

She looks right at my face then reaches her hand out to once again stroke my cheek.

“I’ll do everything I can to make sure of that. I just don’t know when right now though.”

I can feel myself wanting to cry, wanting to grab Megan and never let her go, yet I know I need to trust her. I need to let her do what she needs to do. Just like with my mum when I was just 14: I need to let her go even though it hurts.

The headlights of a car quietly approach and come to a halt at the bottom of my stairs. I push open my front door and follow Megan out, opening the rear door of the car for her and then digging into my pocket to hand her a £10 note left over from the notes Gareth handed me last night. As Megan mouths a soft, “thank you”, I mouth back, “I love you” as I blow her a kiss just as the taxi pulls away. I watch as the taxi drives away, the brake lights shining bright red as it pauses at a nearby set of traffic lights. I turn back to head inside, pausing on my top step to see if there’s any trace of the puddle Megan left there last night.

Nothing.

Like it never happened.

Like it was all just a dream.

As I pull the metal door handle on my own front door down I have a flashback to standing on a not dissimilar doorstep back in England 17 years ago with my mum as she dropped me off at my aunt Ella’s. I step in, close the door behind me and pause. Bewildered, tired and overwhelmed I turn to look beside me somehow expecting my mum to be right there with me, dressed in her leather trousers, a tight top and with her hair all curled and tied back. I expect to hear the reassuring and welcoming voice of my aunt as she takes my small suitcase from me and shows me to the room I hope to only be sleeping in for the weekend.

I know it’s a flashback but it still leaves me shaken and upset nevertheless as I walk into my own kitchen to make myself a coffee. I try to imagine my fun loving, outgoing, always dressed up with make up on, mum lying in a bed in a hospital somewhere in Spain dying, suddenly needing the very son she abandoned when he was just a teenager. So much has changed since she left for Spain yet right here, right now, the same familiar pain of someone I love leaving me feels every bit as overwhelmed and empty as it did 17 years ago.

I let my mum go but I can’t let my Megan go. I absolutely can’t.

*222*2021-10-01 11:18

Chapter 107

Megan

The house is still in darkness as I risk using the spare key to unlock the front door. I can’t hear anyone as I quickly hang up my coat and go straight to the kitchen. I’m so thirsty I pour a full glass of fresh orange juice and drink it all before plugging my mobile to charge in the living room right where I was before I sneaked out. I check the clock on the mantelpiece in the light of the lamp that’s been left on all night whilst putting the spare key back behind it again. It’s only 6:40am! I still feel so tired as I creep upstairs and slide into my cold cramped single bunk bed, sliding my hand under the pillow to feel the letters Liam hand delivered to me and my treasured bookmark. I close my eyes still thinking about him and our night together.

The next thing I remember is hearing Theresa in the room moaning to herself.

“How does dad expect me to go see mum if I can’t even get into the bathroom!”

I pull my hand quickly from under the pillow as if I have just been caught stealing money.

“What time is it Theresa?”

She’s standing looking out the window even though the curtains are closed, both her hands leaning on the windowsill. She replies to me without so much as turning around.

“I think it’s around 8am. Oh come on dad!”

I sit up, my head pretty much touching Theresa’s bed above me. I stretch then turn my legs to sit upright at the side of the bed ready to get up. Theresa turns to face me having heard the bed springs creak and my body moving.

“I’m next! Don’t you dare go in before me Meg! Please don’t.”

Theresa isn’t one to make a drama about things or really lose her temper so her threat is more of a begging than anything else as I see her arms folded in front of her as she leans forward quite uncharacteristically. The door to the bedroom is open and I can hear the boys talking next door and Yasmin making noises to herself in her cot. For a moment I wonder why I haven’t woken in a similar state to my older sister but then I remember waking at Liam’s and using his toilet just before I left. I smile at my sister though I really do genuinely feel for her. So many times I’ve been in her position struggling with the fact that our house has only one bathroom too.

“Your need is much greater than mine, don’t worry. I’ll go see to Yasmin if dad is in the bathroom. What time is visiting this morning?”

Theresa is back at the window, her hands back on the windowsill as she stretches and tenses.

“I think it’s around 11. I’m not sure with it being Sunday though. After I’m showered and dressed I’ll call and see. Oh Meg you couldn’t see if dad’s out yet could you? He’s taking forever this morning!”

I head next door to get my baby sister noticing that the bathroom door is still closed. With Yasmin in my arms I walk past the door to my room where my sister is now sitting at a desk with her legs tightly crossed as I let her know the bad news.

“Still locked. Sorry.”

She mock bangs her head on the desk in disgust and I head downstairs with the baby to start cooking breakfast. The boys must smell the bacon as shortly after I begin cooking they are both downstairs, Anthony getting himself a glass of fresh juice from the fridge and Rory sitting at the table playing with his little sister. I turn the bacon over in the pan trying to imagine life without my family, trying to picture myself back in Liam’s small flat. I love Liam so much but I also love my family too. As Anthony comes up to me smelling the bacon he looks right at me, his face level with mine thanks to his recent growth spurt.

“Thank you sis. This smells delicious!”

As he sits down across from Rory dad comes in with his hair still wet, a towel around his shoulders and his pyjama trousers still on.

“Meg, you don’t happen to know where my grey suit is? I wore my black one to mass last night so thought the grey would be nice for a change. Oh and what colour tie would go best with stone grey? Red or navy stripes? Oh make me a sandwich would you sweetheart. That smells amazing!”

It’s like mam isn’t even ill, like last week never even happened, like I spent the whole night in my own bed the same as every other night. Maybe that’s just how life is for everyone: we pretend all is well until one day we have to confess that nothing is quite like others think it is, every family has its secrets and everyone has something to confess in life. It’s just right now what I have to confess isn’t what my family need to hear. There’s more than enough going on without me telling them all I just spent the night making love to a non Catholic English man.

*223*2021-10-01 17:52

Chapter 108

Liam

I’m awake now and can’t get back to sleep so after my coffee I run myself a bath. The morning is utterly dragging in and the flat feels so lifeless and quiet on my own. After my bath I eat some breakfast and scroll through social media. Gareth has posted a recent pic of himself with Miranda and the kids at the airport saying how much he’s looking forward to the wedding today. It feels odd to be going to a wedding on a Sunday but despite Northern Ireland still officially being part of the U.K. a number of things do still feel different here, including Sundays. I think of home and Aunt Ella and not for the first time I really miss her. It’s almost 9am so I decide to text her.

“Hi, just wanted to say I hope you enjoy church today and that I miss you.”

She doesn’t reply but I reason with myself that she might not have heard her phone, or maybe having a shower or something. I quite suddenly have a very uneasy feeling though and a very strong compulsion to go back to St. Mary’s chapel again. I don’t want Megan thinking I’m stalking her but for once I don’t just want to go to see her. I have this urgent need to be in church, any church, though I can’t explain why. I google the chapel because I can’t remember what time it started when I went last week, then I go about nervously smartening myself up, brushing my hair, shaving, and even using aftershave like God himself will be impressed at me. Putting on my coat and picking up my phone I start walking towards the chapel even though I know I’ll be far too early.

When I arrive the car park is eerily quiet but the gate is open, as are the huge front doors. I slip in out the cold checking, yet again, to see if Aunt Ella has texted back. I turn the ringer off out of respect and sit on the furthest back pew right at the door looking around nervously. I can’t explain why I am here, what I hope to gain, or anything else, as I stare at the huge cross with a male body hanging on it, the vast rows of pews, the old fashioned pulpit and organ up in a small mezzanine area in the corner. It’s all so dusty, old, and religious looking, yet I can’t seem to leave. I bow my head on the empty pew in front of me as I try and gather my thoughts. I’m not a praying man, to be honest I’m not even sure what I believe, yet my thoughts jump about and wander as I quietly mutter to myself.

“I’m sorry I can’t help you mum. I’m sorry for destroying your stuff Lauren. I’m sorry for all the grief I caused you aunt Ella. I’m sorry for…”

Weirdly I find myself a bit tearful, remorseful, emotional, like something about that man staring down at me makes me feel like I need to inexplicably confess all my human failings because I can never be perfect like he is. I wipe a tear with my sleeve then rest my head on the pew again. My thoughts move on a little as I worry about my aunt, my mum, my sister I never knew I had…Megan.

Alone in an old chapel on a quiet road in Bangor, Northern Island I mutter what I think is my first ever prayer in my life aged 31.

“If you are real God please show me. Let me hear from Aunt Ella, make my mum better, make Megan’s mum better and somehow make it possible for me to be with Megan. Hail Mary, whatever that means, and Amen.”

I stay a little longer looking around at the booths down the side with little curtains wondering what they might be used for and making a mental note to myself to google it later to satisfy my curiosity. I’m not sure I can cope with the weird smells, the dulcet music from the old organ or the staring eyes on me like last week so I slip back out the building and head down to the sea front, turning the ringer back on my phone as I walk down the road.

Looking back at the large old building I have this sudden revelation: Maybe the draw of the place isn’t the rituals, the prayers, or even the old weathered floor cushions, but the fact the building is the epicentre of so much of people’s lives around here; from where they get christened to their first communion thing, to their weddings and even their funerals.

I might not have done any of those milestones but it’s still playing quite a part in my own story here from finding myself there after a panic attack, to Megan peeing behind the back wall to even coming to a service last week, and now my visit today.

Aunt Ella always used to say that God works in mysterious ways and finally I can understand what she meant. Maybe somehow all her years of praying for me are doing something?

I stop to sit on a bench looking at the sea splashing forwards and backwards like it always does regardless of the seasons and I try calling my aunt in England again.

There’s still no answer, even on her landline.

*224*2021-10-02 09:10

Chapter 109

Megan

The boys dress up smart without being told and I put on a nice dress and tights set on little Yasmin. Theresa calls the hospital who are happy to let her visit Mam from 11-12 and dad let’s her take the car while we all walk to chapel. It’s hard to believe that the last time we did this short walk that not only was mam with us but Niamh and Iain were too. Last Sunday feels forever ago as I push the buggy with dad and the boys beside me. I don’t feel worthy in any way to set foot inside a holy building right now, not after what happened with mam on Wednesday, and even more so after what I did last night. I must get back to confession as soon as possible!

We file into the usual row beside Aisling and Harrison and Sean and Lilly, dad right beside them followed by young Rory, me with Yasmin and Anthony at the end. There’s so much more room than last week with mam, Theresa, and the twins all missing. Mass starts and I actually find comfort in the rituals, prayers and singing. Yasmin is fairly settled with a squishy book, chewing it and playing with it in my arms, but for a change Rory is fidgety and restless, so much so that dad has to whisper to him to sit still. It’s very unlike Rory and I really hope he’s not feeling unwell. I find out what’s wrong just as we are saying the second last prayer as he tugs at my arm and whispers to me that he really needs the loo! At 9 he’s a bit too old for me to run out and into the back of the building with like I recall dad doing with me when I was young so I whisper back that mass is nearly over and I’ll take him as soon as I can. He nods and squirms around as we stand for the last hymn.

As soon as mass is finished I tell Rory discreetly to come with me as I slip past Anthony and put Yasmin in her buggy which I left in the vestibule at the front. As I’m strapping the baby in I see my youngest brother holding himself and I feel so bad for him. I push the brake off the buggy with my foot and tell him to follow me down the side of the old building. Outside with no-one around I hear my brother complaining how desperate he is.

“Sorry Megan. I should have went before we left home. I’ve been bursting right through mass!”

I pull the door to the back area of the church open but stairs make it impossible to get the buggy in that way. My brother rushes in to get to the toilet as I hold the heavy door open for him coming back out. Standing so close to the rear of the chapel I can’t help remembering how 8 days ago I was just as desperate as my younger brother all through Anthony’s first communion but how the very door I’m leaning against to keep it open was locked and how Liam helped me by getting me behind the church just in time. Just thinking of Liam makes me smile so much as I wish I had my mobile with me to text him. As my brother returns much happier and relaxed I step away, grab the large handle of the old door and close it quietly.

“You won’t tell mam will you?”

“Tell mam what Rory? That you needed a wee during mass? We’ve all been there so don’t worry. Anyway you’ll probably see mam before me at this rate.”

I push the buggy towards the front of the chapel as people begin to slowly file out. As Rory walks behind me he innocently asks, in such a child like manner that it catches me off guard,

“She will be back home for my birthday won’t she? I’ll be double digits. That’s a huge deal isn’t it Meg? I will have a party like always won’t I?”

“I’m sure mam will do all she can to be home for your birthday Rory. Have you thought about what you’d like?”

I don’t bother trying to push the buggy back inside against the crowds coming out so I push the buggy backwards and forwards near the steps to keep Yasmin settled while Rory goes in to find the others. While I’m waiting I feel a hand on my shoulders and a familiar voice talking to me from behind.

“Don’t let anything get in the way of where you know you need to be Megan. Sometimes in life we just need to get desperate enough for something. Go with your heart. We’re all human and we all make mistakes but God understands. Just remember where you are now doesn’t mean this is where you have to stay forever. Love will guide you, always.”

I feel my heart jump and a lump in my throat. I turn to thank then but my foot gets caught in the wheel of the buggy and by the time I turn around they’ve gone.

“Megan there you are! You ready for home?”

“Yes. Definitely.”

&&

&&

&&

