The Iron Queen - Page 2

Author: Pain

*020*2019-01-12 02:20

{{1 minute ago, Bombality said:

That sounds like a superpower

}}

Haha, not exactly. The Queen always had a huge bladder but it takes time to expand to its full capacity.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*022*2019-01-12 02:30

{{8 minutes ago, Bombality said:

Hey since we are talking, did you read my comment in my request tread, that if you wanted a picture of Charlotte I would need a description of how she looks?

}}

Yeah, I am so sorry Bombality. I did not reply before. Regarding the description, the point of being being absolutely desperate is still a bit down the road in the story. Maybe in the forthcoming chapters I'll be able to add a few more details about how big her bladder looks, because I have already written a few chapters and after you pointed it out, I realized I have not described her bladder adequately in any of them. Since the editing part is left, I'll try to incorporate the required details wherever it may look suitable. I hope you understand my dilemma.

*024*2019-01-12 02:38

{{7 minutes ago, Bombality said:

I meant a description of how she looks, her hair, body structure, eyes, dressing style, things of that sort.

}}

Ok, I am really sorry I didn't get you before. The Queen is a woman with approximately a height of five feet and six inches, with rich brunette hair and fair and beautiful skin. She has heavy breasts and people often compliment her behind her back for her ample bosom.

I have given her a bit of detail in my previous stories, that might help, here are the links to them-

The Lord's Tourney

A Song of Swords

The Rains of War

I'll be glad to share any more details with you if needed, please let me know.

*026*2019-01-12 02:56

{{7 minutes ago, Bombality said:

Thanks I'll be sure to check them, both for the descriptions and the stories

}}

Thank you for being so kind, Bombality.

Here is just a picture I wanted to share to make you understand how she looks

This but with a bit fuller and curvier physique.

$$

*028*2019-01-12 02:59

{{1 minute ago, Bombality said:

Thanks I hope I'm not derailing the story too much

}}

No, not at all. I guess me and the readers will be glad if you make an art of her.

*029*2019-01-15 18:12

Day-III

Monmouth

The next morning Lord Farlen woke up to the sight of a bulging stomach at eye level and he looked up to see the Queen smiling at him, “Looks like the Lord had a good night’s sleep!” she smirked.

“Y-Yes,” he replied, “So…I guess you didn’t wake up during the night, huh?”

“Fortunately your Queen is a very sound sleeper,” she told him, “But I figured it was time to wake you up. The sun is climbing up, and I was just wondering if I was going to get a morning piss today? As you can see (she gestured to her bladder bulging over her dress) it’s going to be quite hard to fit this bladder into any of my corsets today.”

Farlen gulped, then replied, “Can’t you just be without a corset?”

The Queen scoffed at him, “Now how am I supposed to be on the road without a corset? A lady must be dressed properly at all times.”

It was then that it hit him, “Do we leave for Monmouth today?” he asked.

“Yes,” Charlotte replied, “The King has given his command.”

“Well, my Queen,” he began, “I think you can hold it still and I’d be glad if you skipped your morning piss.”

Though this little game was beginning to get on her nerves, the Queen politely agreed, “Alright then, as you wish,” she sighed with a faint smile, “Get ready, we will be on the way soon” she left him alone in the chambers. Farlen was amazed she could even think straight with that bladder bulge.

Her bladder had become very large and it looked like several liters had been added to its volume over the course of the night, such was its distension. The Queen had been holding her waters for over two days, her bladder working continuously to keep her hot piss contained. Farlen was in awe of Her Highness’ ability to wait for so long without giving even a hint of desperation. He dressed with haste and went for his breakfast in the great hall.

The Queen drank two kettles of tea and had a few sliced pieces of fruit for her breakfast. She had already drunk liters of water too in the morning after she woke up, which was now ardently working its way into her swelling bladder.

Farlen saw how much Her Highness had to drink and he couldn’t help but notice how swollen her stomach looked, “My Queen, are you sure you’ll able to hold it till we reach Monmouth?” he asked when he was sure no servant was around them.

At this she smiled, “Who knows? Maybe I’ll need to water a bush on the way.”

Stunned at her response Farlen sat openmouthed, wondering if she actually meant what she had just said. Could she really do that? He reasoned with himself that someone holding a fifty hour bladder would consider almost anything to rid themselves of such a vast, heavy amount of urine, but then Her Highness caught him thinking and laughed, “Haha, don’t worry, my sweet,” she winked, “The royal bladder is cast-iron, it can easily hold all that I drink but most of all, a lady of nobility is not supposed to make waters anywhere but a privy. I’ll piss only after we reach Monmouth.”

“If you ever need to piss, that is,” Farlen couldn’t help but add with a grin.

“Oh, don’t you worry about that. I’m building up quite the gusher in here,” Her Highness bragged, rubbing her distended bladder. With that, she left him to meet and thank Lord Hornwood, his guests and members of the hall, who had joined them for breakfast, walking around the great hall pretty well for someone with a near watermelon-sized bladder. It was like a vault on lockdown, holding her liters and liters of urine.

Soon they waved their goodbyes and the Queen began working on a skin of water to go on top of her fifty-hour bladder shortly after they had taken the road. Her calmness was mesmerizing to Farlen, as the Queen continued showing no signs of desperation while sucking down her large drink, on top of everything else she’d already consumed.

With well over fifty-four hours since her bladder had been emptied, Charlotte was still behaving normally, even sitting normally, despite the large bulge resting in her abdomen. She was completely ignorant of her swelling organ.

When they stopped in the woods to rest, everyone made sure to relieve themselves behind the bushes, everyone except for the Queen who stayed back in her carriage, and while she waited, Charlotte asked Elizabeth to pour for her from the flask of wine. Soon half of it was gone and the Queen just sat looking out of the window of her coach while waiting for the others to get ready to leave.

“So how do you feel, my Queen?” Farlen said as soon as he came back.

“Nothing different, my Lord” she replied, “Though I just had a flask of wine.”

“My Lady! Does your bladder ever fill?” the boy asked awe-stuck, surprised that the Queen Mother still wasn’t desperate.

Charlotte laughed at the boy’s words, “I’m getting there, that’s for sure. All that wine is soon going to make me want to go.”

“Is it getting bad? You don’t show it at all” he stated.

“Well, I’m certainly not holding a tinkle! But I’m used to it, so it doesn’t bother me. All those long council meetings have trained me well,” Charlotte told him. They were on their way shortly after.

The dusk soon drew in, and the bulge in the Queen’s abdomen had become astonishing in its size. She had grown sore from riding in the damned wooden box all day but to her great respite, Sir Hendrick of the scouting party told the Kingsguard of an inn up ahead on the road.

The warm yellow light spilling from its windows looked so inviting that the King could not pass it by without having a good meal to satisfy his stomach and soul. At this hour, they would have expected the inn to be crowded, but when King Iwan entered along with his guards, followed by his mother, Lord Farlen, Nurse Gwendolynn, and Elizabeth, they found the common room empty. A young lordling in a fine damask mantle was passed out at one table, snoring softly into a pool of spilled wine. Otherwise there was no one. They looked around uncertainly until an old, stout, petite, round-faced woman emerged from the kitchens and said, “Sit where you like, my lord. Is it ale you want, or food?”

“Both.” King Iwan took a chair by the window and Charlotte joined him, along with Farlen and the ladies.

“There’s good lamb, roasted with a crust of herbs, and some ducks my son shot down, trout too if you say. What will you have?”

“All of it” answered the King. The woman nodded with a smile and went in to draw tankards of ale and brought it to the table.

“Will you want a room for the night as well?”

“No,” Charlotte answered, “Some food, some ale, and it’s on to Monmouth for us. How much farther is it?”

“A few more hours on the eastern road” the woman said, “Bear north when the road forks at the burned mill.”

Soon the food was served. The lamb was as good as any they had ever eaten, and the duck was even better, cooked with cherries and lemons and not near as greasy as most. The innkeeper brought buttered pease as well, and oaten bread still hot from her oven. This is a meal fit for the King, Iwan told himself as he sucked the last bit of meat off the bone. Good food, and ale, all that he could ever wish for.

The other’s enjoyed the food as well. The Nurse’s big hands tore apart a heel of black bread and had it with the spicy lamb meat while Elizabeth used the bread to sop up some of the bacon grease the trout had been fried in. The Queen refrained from eating anything but a few cherries with a couple tankards of beer. Farlen was sure that after all this liquid, the Queen was brewing her own beer inside her bladder. Even a horse wouldn’t have been able to wait as long as she had, and Charlotte made it look like it was nothing.

When they were done, Sir Mandon of the Kingsguard paid the woman with a silver coin and got back a fistful of coppers. It was dark by when they resumed their journey and the Queen felt rippling jolts of warm piss inside her bladder as her carriage went over rocks and potholes.

They were now entering the lands that once belonged to their enemies, the Daltons. The Golden Lands were a place of rugged hills and rolling plains, of misty dales, a place of blue lakes and sparkling rivers and fertile fields, of broadleaf forests that had the game of every sort, where the wooded hills nursed labyrinthine caves that wended their way through darkness to reveal unimaginable wonders and vast treasures deep beneath the earth. These were rich lands, temperate and fruitful, shielded by high hills to the east and south and the endless cold shivering winds from the north. Once the sorcerers and witches made their homes in the woods, whilst giants dwelt amongst the hills, where their bones could still be found.

Charlotte still remembered, her father Lord Merek had first told her of his wish to betroth her to Ronald, Lord Reynard Dalton’s eldest son when she was no older than six or seven, though he told her never to speak of it until a betrothal was officially announced.Charlotte remembered drawing a picture of her and Ronald on the wall of her chambers in Longford, once, though she claimed it was King Henry and his wife, Queen Cicely, when her mother had discovered it.

It was only after many years that Charlotte learned from her mother that her father had proposed the betrothal to Lord Reynard Dalton, but he refused Charlotte as a bride for his son and heir.

She smiled faintly, looking out of the window into the growing dark.

Their ride went on for another hour and it was almost time for supper when they reached Monmouth, the seat of House Corington. The castle was ruled by Lord Philip Corington, whose father, Lord Samuel had once been a councilor to King Henry and then to her husband, King Owain. The castle of Monmouth was nowhere as big as Tilsworth, but it sure was strong. The King and Queen Mother were welcomed with bread and salt into the fort that felt much warmer than the cold forest they had ridden through.

House Corington was once a vassal to House Dalton of Dunstanburg, and Lord Philip and Queen Charlotte had been on the opposite sides during the Great War. He had lost his only son that day and the wound was still fresh as if it all happened just yesterday.

“Seven years” he said as he welcomed the Queen, “Seven years have passed since that fateful day, yet today we stand here as allies, let me welcome you to our home, my King and Queen Mother” he bowed and brought their hands to his brow.

The Queen really had to use the privy now but she acted indifferent before them. She could not let anyone know that between her thighs she was nursing a bladder carrying her sixty hours worth of urine.

The tired Queen and Lord Farlen were guided to the chambers by the servants and Charlotte was almost ready to take a big piss, but as she began to walk towards the privy, ready to push its door aside, the Little Lord spoke out, “My Queen, don’t you remember? No wee for you!”

“Oh, but why?!” she turned around, the frustration evident on her face, “I have been holding it for so long!”

“Oh, but alas, you won’t get to take one!” he laughed.

“If I tell the guards that you won’t let me visit the privy, they’ll surely punish you for troubling me,” she said.

“But you won’t do that!” Farlen said, “It is not good manners for a lady to talk of the privy.”

“You know that I haven’t made water in days and my bladder is continuously swelling, it is time to give it some rest,” Charlotte said, “You’ve had your fun, now I must make waters and feel comfortable again.”

“Why, is it because my Queen fears she would wet the bed tonight?” Farlen teased her.

That was it. Charlotte took it as a slight; she couldn’t believe that a mere boy of ten would have the guts to question her holding prowess, “Absolutely not! I am the Queen of the twelve kingdoms and I can hold my waters as long as I wish to!”

“Well then, I am sure it won’t bother you to hold your piss longer,” Farlen squeaked, “I was just starting to enjoy the game!”

“Well boy, a Queen pees on her own accord,” Charlotte said, clearly stating her intent.

“Should I take this argument as a sign that you are busting to visit the privy?” Farlen said, “Isn’t it, Your Highness?”

“You simple boy, you will talk to me with respect! The royal bladder is cast iron, it does not break” she stated firmly, “I rode a horse while holding on to a bladder far fuller than I have now. No amount of piss is enough to make me desperate; do you get me you little brick headed lad?”

“Then please don’t go to the privy yet, my Queen” he pleaded, “Please, I pray to you! I am really enjoying it!”

“Fine!” Charlotte announced, “But make sure you never challenge me that way again.”

“Yes, my Queen” Farlen nodded and they both left for the supper. Lord Corington had laid a lavish feast for King Iwan and his mother and everyone ate to the health of their new King, everyone except Charlotte who drank down almost a tankard of beer and another of mead, sending rippling waves of urine into her bladder. She ignored her bladder’s signals, simply because she knew she didn’t need to care about it. The fatigue from the journey had taken upon her and she drifted to sleep as soon they reached back to their chambers after the feast.

*033*2019-01-18 18:54

{{On 1/16/2019 at 12:50 AM, Melificentfan said:

How long Will Queen Charlotte hold it only time will tell folks

}}

Haha, there is still some time for that.

{{On 1/16/2019 at 1:10 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Great new chapter! I always love reading something new from you (or reading some of the old stories again).

I would have loved to read a few sentences how she felt when she had to put on her corset. Maybe next morning?

}}

Thank you for the kind words. I'll try to add the details in the chapters coming after the next one. Thank you for reading.

{{On 1/16/2019 at 7:12 PM, Peefreak said:

This is geting better and better

}}

Thank you so much, means a lot.

*034*2019-01-19 04:00

Day-IV

The Market

The next morning, Lord Farlen woke up to the cold breeze and the sounds of the birds chirping on the window. He got up and saw the Queen lying right next to him, the bulge of her seriously full bladder mounding under the covers to make her belly a rounded hill.

Farlen looked on in disbelief, Queen Charlotte had not peed in over eighty hours and she was sound asleep like a log, her bladder a vault on complete lockdown. It was more exciting for him for the simple fact that the Queen had absolutely no problem putting up with his absurd demand even while she was asleep.

Soon she woke up and Farlen wondered if she would make her way to the privy now, as he was sure the Queen must be desperate, but to his amazement, Charlotte simply got up and readied herself for the day by changing her clothes in the dressing room, before neatly tending to her silky brunette hair and a slight touch of powder made of ground lily roots on her cheeks, wearing a glowing brightness on her face as she came out.

Now that she was ready, there was one last thing she needed to do before she stepped out of the room, “Lord Farlen” she began, “When I was younger, my father and mother always told me to pee before I stepped out of the castle, they said it was good manners.”

“Ay, my Queen” Farlen giggled, “I too make sure to empty myself before I go out to play or before I go for a ride on my palfrey.”

“Well then, isn’t it fair that I should pee before I step out?” she asked, feeling all the urine squish squashing inside her bladder as she stood with fists on her hips.

“But my Queen, wasn’t it only last night that you said you could hold on as long as you wish to?” Farlen responded with an innocent smile, “And I believe that to be true. A Queen can hold her waters for long, I’m sure you’ll be fine.”

“Huh” she sighed, “Well then, my Lord, I won’t be able to enjoy the market today!”

“We’re going to a market?” Farlen piped up quickly.

“Yes, we are,” Charlotte said, “Get yourself dressed, my Lord, and meet me in the solar,” she told him.

By this point, Charlotte had consumed her three liters of water that she had asked the servants to bring for her from the castle kitchens and a few grapes.

The Queen while busy in the solar with Lady Margaret Corington, waiting for Farlen to get dressed, drank water and orange juice constantly owing to the heat, and her bladder bulge was now enormous. Lord Farlen lazed around after the breakfast, at which point Charlotte sent a handmaiden to inform him that they should be leaving for the market. It took them almost half an hour to get there in the horse-drawn carriage, guarded by Kingsguards and lancemen on the back and front.

Hundreds of merchants and traders were unloading their goods and setting up in stalls when they arrived, yet even so the great market seemed quiet and deserted compared to the crowded marketplace in the capital. Charlotte liked the strangeness of the market place here too, with all its queer sights and sounds and smells. The place had spices brought in from the Arabian lands, sesame, saffron, blackpepper, pimento, turmeric, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, parsley, coriander and sumac.

Pomegranates, dates, figs, oranges, citruses, watermelons, cantaloupes, honeydew melons, grapes, peaches, and nectarines were displayed on the fruit stalls stacked neatly in rows for the buyers to pick. Lord Farlen had never seen such a colorful sight in all his life, though he had visited the market in the capital, this place had a weird sense of closeness that made him feel as if he belonged here. Charlotte bought a handful of peanuts, pistachios, almonds, pine nuts, raisins and walnuts and started nibbling on them, she loved dry fruits. As she ate, the Queen and Lord Farlen watched a painted wooden knight battle a painted wooden dragon, all the while as Charlotte felt the water streaming into her already working bladder. Though she was paying it no mind at all, somewhere in the back of her head, Charlotte was aware that the amount in her bladder was slowly increasing but she didn’t bother much.

The puppeteer who worked the dragon was good to watch; a handsome man with a sharp nose and a perfect jaw. He was built well and had rich golden hair, Charlotte liked his face and the way his fingers made the dragon snap and slither at the end of its strings. She asked Sir Mandon to reward the puppeteer with a pouch of silver before she moved on to the next stall.

The market was opened only two days in a week, on Saturn’s Day and Sun’s Day. On weekdays the meadow served as a commons for the folk of the town across the river, but on weekends, it transformed completely. A second town made of silk instead of stone, larger and fairer than its counterpart came up on the grasses.

The sounds of song and laughter drifted across the market. Dozens of merchants had erected their stalls along the edge of the field, selling felts and fruits, belts, boots, hides and hawks, earthenware, gemstones, pewterwork, feathers, traditional medicines made of powdered deer bones, dried seahorses and snakes, and curing potions prepared with monkshood, birthworts, dioscorea roots and chrysanthemum flowers.

The smell of sausages sizzling over a smoky fire, was in the air. Under that Charlotte smelled the heady sweet perfumes of Greece. Behind one stall an armorer displayed steel breastplates worked with gold and silver in ornate patterns, and helms hammered in the shapes of magnificent beasts. Next to him was a young woman selling gold rings and brooches and chains. A sword maker was hawking cheap steel blades, a shirt of fine chain mail and a pair of lobstered steel gauntlets displayed on the table before him.

“When I was a little girl, I loved to visit the market near Longford with my father,” Charlotte told Farlen as they wandered down the shady aisle between the stalls. It felt so lively after the long boring rides in the past few days. All the people were shouting and laughing, so many wonderful things to look at... The guards trailed along as Charlotte and Lord Farlen continued their stroll through the market.

“Oh, look,” Lord Farlen exclaimed, “they are making sausages.” He pointed to a stall where an old little woman was grilling meat and onions on a hot firestone. “Yes my lord, they make them with lots of garlic and hot peppers” the Queen told him. Farlen insisted her to join him for a sausage, but the Queen politely declined.

Of course, after he had his fill, the first thing Farlen made the Queen do was to get the largest drinks he could find. Maybe the gracious Queen knew the boy’s real motivation, maybe not, but she didn’t hesitate to agree with him that it was probably the best to battle the growing heat. The Queen drank almost three mugs of honey water from a stall while Farlen drank only one.

Lord Farlen was growing more and more excited with each passing moment, watching the Queen drink so much with no relief at all. The boy was sure Her Highness was feeling the effects of all that liquid stretching her bladder but he was more amazed to see how strong the Queen’s iron control was.

They kept moving from stall to stall and even indulged themselves in a clown show. A birdseller taught a green-and-red parrot to say the Queen’s name, and Charlotte laughed, yet still refused to take him. What would she do with a green-and-red parrot while on a journey from Godswick to Tantallon?

Turning a corner, they came upon a wine merchant offering thimble-sized cups of his wares to the passersby. “Sweet wine,” he cried, “I have sweet wine, from Capua and Florence. Pear brandy, firewine, pepperwine, the gray nectars of Camilard.”

He was a tall and handsome man, his hair brown and neatly tended. When Charlotte paused before his stall, he bowed low. “A taste for the lady? I have a sweet red from Winschester, it sings of plums and cherries and rich dark oak. Would you like to take a cup? One taste, and you will name your child after me” he said, looking at the bulge in her stomach.

Charlotte laughed “I am not with child, dear Sir” she said, placing a hand on her mighty bladder.

Sir Mandon then stepped up beside Charlotte, “You have the honor to address the Queen Charlotte of the House Torrington, widow to the late King Owain of the House Seymour and mother to our King Iwan, The Lord of the Twelve Kingdoms.”

The wine merchant dropped to his knees. “My Queen,” he said, bowing his head.

“Rise,” Charlotte commanded him. “I would still like to taste that wine you spoke of.”

The man bounded to his feet. “That eastern rinse? It is not worthy of Your Highness. I have a dry red from Hertingham, crisp and delicious. Please, let me give you a cask.” The merchant looked through in the back of his stall and produced a small oaken cask. Burned into the wood was a pair of wheat strands. “The Leicester sigil,” he said, pointing, “from Hertingham. There is no drink finer than this.”

“Open it.. I have a thirst.” Charlotte commanded. She sipped it from a cup and liked the taste.

“I will have it in my leisure time. Take this back to my coach, if you’d be so kind.” The wine seller beamed as the guards hefted the cask. She asked Sir Mandon to pay him and they moved on.

The Queen was walking with a hand on her bladder, and her demeanor had shifted ever so slightly. She was still attempting to come off as normal and calm, but clearly, her protruding bladder was making that pretense very difficult.

Farlen was going weak in the knees just imagining how much more liquid was currently working its way through her body, and her bulging bladder looked like it could scarcely take anymore.

Still, the little Lord reminded himself of Queen Charlotte’s holding prowess and phenomenal bladder control. His thoughts of her prodigious iron bladder seemed to be confirmed when she stopped at a stall that served mead and asked for a mug. In another half hour, that drink was also done, and it became clear that the Queen was making a point to keep moving at all times, refusing to stand at a stall.

Her bladder must be getting out of hand, Farlen thought. And no wonder, as she’d been holding in her waters for eighty-six hours now! Finally, she spoke up about her condition, after having to curtsey for a second to keep control. “Dear, you won’t believe how much I am holding right now! I have had so much to drink today” she said, “I think we must head back to the castle, I need to use the privy.”

True to his nature, the little Lord began employing delaying tactics. “Of course my Queen, but didn’t you say you wanted to taste the sweet mare’s milk they were serving at the stall beside the armorer’s? Come on, let’s do that first. I’m getting pretty thirsty! You can wait that long, can’t you?” Again he saw that telltale grimace, but Queen Charlotte nodded and replied, “Alright, if you’re really that thirsty. Your enjoyment does come first, after all. But then we really must head back to Monmouth, ok?” He agreed to her bargain, and in another minute their mugs were brimming with the sweet milk.

Of course, the Little Lord had no intention of letting the Queen get to use the privy if he could help it, and for the next two hours, he managed to do just that! He just HAD to go to that stall and see what they were selling, and they HAD to see what the magician was up to, and they HAD to see the exquisite animal furs bought in from faraway lands. To his surprise, Queen Charlotte refused to put her bladder’s demands above his own, though he could tell that she was beginning to get distracted.

Finally, it was dusk, meaning the Queen had been holding back her load of wee completely at the little Lord’s whim for eighty-eight hours. Of course she then had to halt for a second in minor bladder agony, but her iron control paid off once again and she regained her decorum. As she sucked down the last of her refill of sweet milk, Queen Charlotte looked at him with a mixture of guilt and concern before she told him, “I’m afraid my bladder’s getting too out of hand to be here much longer. I think we should start for the castle now. Forgive me, my Lord, on any other day, I’d have been fine with an all day outing, but with this game we’ve been playing, I haven’t gotten to take a piss in so long! As you can see (she gestured to her swollen front) I really do have to let this out.”

Farlen realized how serious she was about relieving herself, and so he upped the ante, and went into full on moping, “Do you haaave to? I’ve had so much fun!”

He went on and on in his last ditch effort, and Queen Charlotte seemed to cave and said, “Oh my sweet, don’t worry, we can keep playing this game. We can play it as much as you like! Really! But I’m just filling up really fast now. We’ll have to go back to the castle then. Is that ok?” Farlen gave her a nod but kept his head down as much as possible, wanting to portray a kid who was still slightly unhappy instead of revealing to her how ecstatic he was that he’d managed to convince her to resist the privy yet again.

They got in the carriage and began the ride back to Monmouth. The Queen’s bladder bulged so much that it was difficult for her to sit straight up, and, looking closely, Farlen saw that her bladder was bulging far more than it had been in the morning! Queen Charlotte was clearly counting on getting to the castle quickly, as she kept looking out of the carriage window, rubbing her abdomen with one hand while holding the edge of the seat with the other.

They arrived back at Monmouth when it was dark, and Queen Charlotte groaned, “Thank goodness! It was good we left when we did! I don’t think I could have walked around in such a state.” She stepped out of the carriage with utmost grace and stood talking to Lord Corington in the courtyard who had come to welcome her after her day out.

And as Lord Farlen, Elizabeth, Sir Mandon and Nurse Gwendolynn waited for the Queen to finish her talk with the Lord of Monmouth, Farlen giggled at the thought that none of them had any clue how full the Queen’s bladder was right now and how she hadn’t taken a single piss in so long. Of course the Queen’s face showed nothing but her regal highness and grace and pious but inside of it, Farlen knew she was hiding the efforts of holding on to a massive filling tank between her hips.

When they got back to the chambers, Queen Charlotte began walking with awkwardness, shuffling steps in the direction of the privy. “Where are you going, my Queen?” Farlen asked her innocently, catching up with her.

“Oh dear, I’m just going to the privy now. It’s been so long since I had a pee” she replied, continuing on.

“Wait,” Farlen said, trying to position himself between her and the oncoming privy door, “Didn’t you say you’ll hold it when we were leaving the market?”

“Ah, yes” she sighed, “I did, but I think, I should empty myself now. So, my Lord, would you be kind enough to step aside and let your Queen visit the privy?”

Farlen smiled, “I think my Queen will hold it for now.”

“Oh, but…” she sighed, “I’ve had so much to drink!”

“I know my Queen, but I know you can hold it still.”

“Well fine, if that makes my Lord happy” Charlotte said, “But I would have thanked you and given you a sweet if you would have let me go.”

“Well, I beg your pardons, my Queen” he smiled, “But you don’t have the permission.”

“Alright-alright” Charlotte shrugged, feeling a bit disappointed at coming so close to the relief and yet not getting the chance to have it. They went down to the great hall for the dinner, where Queen Charlotte had half a dozen mugs of beer, all adding to the weight in her bladder while she slept that night.

*038*2019-01-19 16:10

{{10 hours ago, gfaroank said:

That's great. It's far beyond human capabilities.

}}

Thank you so much, I'm glad you like it.

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn his is excellent

}}

Thank you so much, Melificentfan!

{{5 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Awesome new chapter!

I loved the detail of the market - the puppeteer, the merchants...

For a second I wondered if the wine seller tried to poison her, it reminded me of a scene in Game of Thrones.

Was that coincidence or was that a reference?

}}

Thank you so much, I am glad you enjoyed the new chapter!

As for the part with the wineseller, it was a reference, as I am a huge fan and with the new season coming up, I can hardly contain my excitement!

*039*2019-01-20 05:13

Day-V

The Wicked Game

The next morning, little Lord Farlen woke up to the snoring Queen, who slept as if she wouldn’t wake up for a week, not at all bothered about her bladder that had filled incredibly by now.

Farlen was amazed that Her Highness could contain such a storm in her bladder with such ease; her vessel was truly made of iron! He gently rubbed his hand over the Queen’s colossal bladder bulge and when he pressed on it, she suddenly stopped snoring, “What do you think you are doing, my Lord? Pressing on my bladder like that, don’t you know how much is in there? Don’t press on it!”

Startled, Lord Farlen pulled his hand back, not wanting to upset Her Highness any further and that was all Queen Charlotte could manage before her eyes shut down and she drifted back to sleep.

As far as he remembered, the Queen had never appeared desperate to rid herself of her long-held waters, even yesterday when she was walking around in the market. And it made Farlen sick with curiosity. He had to know the limit of Queen Charlotte’s bladder! It had become too much for the young boy. Regardless of the consequences, he had to know. And so he decided to take the game further.

Lord Farlen waited for the servant girl to come with the Queen’s morning tea, and when she left after placing the pot on the table near the window, he quickly set to work. The little lord quietly tiptoed to the pot, making sure not to wake the Queen up and pulled out a little pouch he had bought yesterday at the market when Her Highness wasn’t looking. He gave a glance to the Queen who was still fast asleep, then quickly opened the pot lid to pour half of the powder into it from the pouch. The powder from the crushed seeds of the Alihotsy plant.

Several months earlier, Mæjester Orthus at castle Herstmonceux had prescribed Lady Susan, Lord Farlen’s mother, some weeing powder to help her with a water retention problem following a bout of flu. According to what he had heard Orthus tell his mother, this powder worked by exciting the discharge of urine. Of course, Farlen knew, one should not give such a powder to people for whom they are not advised, but he couldn't see the harm in surreptitiously mixing it in the Queen’s tea to promote excessive urinary excretion.

Lord Farlen quietly waited for the Queen to rise from her slumber, now that he had executed the first step of his plan. Soon Charlotte woke up and got ready, they were to leave for Brackenburgh today and she knew she didn’t have much time in her hands. After she was dressed, Queen Charlotte drank her routine liters of morning water before coming to the table to have her tea. Farlen looked intently as she poured from the pot to the cup, vapors of steam rising from the hot tea. The Queen soon emptied her first cup and then started working on a second as she watched through the window and saw the archers practicing with their bows and arrows in the yard.

Farlen was almost sweating with anticipation for the day to come, and couldn’t believe his plan had come together so easily, and without any sort of a hitch. Could the iron bladdered Queen wait until they reached Brackenburgh with the powerful weeing powder making her kidneys pump ever-more liquid into her expansive bladder, or would she finally crack under the strain and take a piss while on the road? Lord Farlen honestly didn’t know, but he couldn’t wait to find out.

They entered the horse driven carriage after King Iwan and Charlotte had given thanks to Lord Corington and his Lady wife for being such generous hosts, and soon the royal entourage was on its way again.

As they began their journey, the little Lord made sure to get a lasting glance at the Queen’s midsection, to get a baseline to note her bladder’s progress throughout the day. It was bulging out immensely already, but Farlen knew it was just the beginning. Their day continued as normal for a while, with Queen Charlotte gulping down two skins of water within a few hours of leaving Monmouth, and a flask of red wine by when the sun had begun to climb up. Soon the thirsty Queen had finished a total two liters of water and a flask of red wine, upon all of her morning water and a pot of tea laced with the bladder-pumping weeing powder, and the bulge of her bladder was obvious through her dress now, the corset failing to suppress the swell any longer.

Still, it did not look much larger than what it had been in the morning, and the Queen was obviously showing no signs of having a problem holding her pee. Lord Farlen was getting disheartened. Perhaps the powder hadn’t affected the Queen’s bladder at all. But as the hours progressed, it became clear that this was not the case. Queen Charlotte’s bladder began swelling at an astounding rate as the sun rose and noon came and went, and as the entourage stopped for lunch at an inn on the way, Lord Farlen couldn’t help but notice that Queen Charlotte’s bladder seemed to have grown abnormally large. The iron Queen had shown no signs of the urge while they rode in the carriage, but once out and making her way to the small inn, she finally commented, “Oh dear, all that water, and wine really went through me today! Feels like I’ve drunk twice as much as every day!”

True to herself, Queen Charlotte ordered a large mug of beer while at the inn and began drinking it slowly. Lord Farlen marveled at the fact that she would still do that despite her growing need to pass her hot waters. When they had finished, the Queen put her empty mug down and patted her stiff, firm abdomen, “My lord, what has gotten into me today?”

The King noticed the slight concern in her voice, “What is it, mother? Is there something that bothers you?”

Lord Farlen knew what was exactly bothering Her Highness; her bladder was filling up with piss, adding to the reservoir she already had been containing since the last four days. And the excessive dose of the powder doing its work, the little Lord was sure Her Highness’ bladder would be bursting in a few hours.

“Nothing, my child” Charlotte replied to Iwan, “I just feel tired after all this riding, that’s all.”

“I apologize for the discomfort, mother,” Iwan said, “Just a few days more ride lies ahead of us and then we’ll be at Tantallon.”

“Oh, you don’t need to apologize, my sweet” Charlotte told the young King, “I’m completely fine, just a bit of rest and I will be alright.”

Farlen wondered if Charlotte would be alright. He knew the powder was stretching the walls of her bladder now, she was confused and anxious about what was happening to her. It wouldn’t be a surprise to him if the Queen began to panic soon while they were on the road; he wondered what would she do then? As they walked out of the inn, Lord Farlen whispered lightly, making sure not to be overheard, “My Queen? Do you need to pee really bad?”

Charlotte waved her hand absentmindedly, and said, “No my lord, I’ve been in tough situations before, I’ll be fine. It’s probably just in my head anyway. I haven’t drunk any more than usual. Though I must say, I would have asked the inn keep to lend me a room and a chamber pot to relieve myself if we hadn’t been in such a hurry to leave. Iwan wants to make sure we reach Brackenburgh tonight at any cost.” Lord Farlen nodded in response, and the two made their way back into the carriage.

Soon the sun was drifting over their heads, and by then Lord Farlen thought that the Queen had to be second-guessing her decision not to pee in the inn. Her bladder was absolutely swollen now, the corset straining to contain it. Her Highness hadn’t made mention of her need again since they’d left the inn, but Farlen thought she was sitting much stiffer than before. Her legs were staying close together at all times. He knew a flood was building up inside Charlotte’s strong bladder, but the Queen still gave no sign that she was going to let that flood break free any time soon.

Lord Farlen sat in silence, but Her Highness could not keep her legs still any longer. The boy had to say something, for the tension that was building inside him at the thought of how full Queen Charlotte’s bladder was becoming, was getting to be too much for the young boy to take. “Are you alright, my Queen?” he managed meekly, aiming his gaze at the Queen’s thighs, now in constant motion. “Yes, I’m doing fine my Lord, but a visit to the privy would feel so good right now. I’ve not had to go this bad in a while.”

Lord Farlen was glad that Her Highness was admitting and talking about her need so freely. He knew that though the Queen behaved normally, she was having a tough time coping with the urine pumping into her bladder. Surely the weeing powder was working continuously to fill such a cavernous space.

“The Queen who does not pee,” Farlen stated softly.

Queen Charlotte paused for a moment, then began to laugh, “Hahahahaha, you are something else, my child. Anyway, thank you for the praiseful words!” she continued to laugh until abruptly stopping, squeezing her legs tightly together as she did and wincing in pain. After a few seconds, she recovered and said, “I don’t know what’s wrong with me, my bladder is filling up really fast today.”

Farlen laughed internally, his plan had worked just as he had thought of. The ride continued, and all the while, the Queen’s bladder did more stretching that it normally did in a day. Farlen was downright amazed by Charlotte’s ability to withstand the pain of her aching organ, as well as to have the muscle control to hold her flood inside, even as it grew in volume with each passing minute.

The Queen’s composure had slowly been whittling away as the evening wore on, her bladder beginning to ache with all the piss stretching its walls further. But much to her respite, they were on the borders of Brackenburgh now.

The royal party streamed through the castle gates of Brackenburgh in a river of gold and silver and polished steel, four hundred strong, a pride of bannermen and knights, of sworn swords and freeriders. Over their heads, a dozen golden banners whipped back and forth in the northern wind, emblazoned with the rampant griffin of House Seymour.

Her Highness stepped out of the carriage, nursing an achingly full bladder that she wanted to relieve in the first privy she could find.

“Oh, my King and Queen Mother! I’m privileged to have you both here. Brackenburgh is yours” Lord Hrodwyn Walmer said aloud as he knelt before them and kissed their hands and Lady Bertha Walmer bowed in courtesy. Suddenly, through the crowd of household of Brackenburgh came running a little girl who Charlotte knew as Aafiya, Lord Walmer and Lady Bertha’s third daughter.

“My Queen!” she cheered gleefully as she rushed towards Charlotte and hugged her tight by the side. The Queen grimaced slightly at the child’s embrace around her swollen piss tank but then forced a smile, putting her hand around Aafiya’s shoulder. During a visit to the capital almost a year ago, Lord Walmer and Aafiya had been guests at the King’s Fort and Charlotte had showered the girl with dolls and dresses. The girl had remembered how sweet Her Highness had been to her and had longed to meet her since the day they left for Brackenburgh.

Though everyone around was laughing looking at Aafiya hugging Queen Charlotte, Her Highness thought her bladder would burst then and there. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief when the girl released her.

“My Queen! I’ve knit a scarf for you” she said, “I’ll show it to you after the feast!”

“Sure, my love” Charlotte placed a hand on her bladder. I’d be more grateful if you showed me to a privy.

“Come, the feast awaits you, my King and Queen Mother” Lady Bertha spoke softly and Iwan nodded with a gleeful smile at the mention of food at the end of the day’s long journey. No other words were needed. The Queen began to protest. She wanted to visit her chambers first so she could take a leak that she had been waiting to take for so long. She reasoned that they had been riding since dawn, everyone was tired and cold, surely they should refresh themselves first. The food could wait. But Iwan refused, his hunger too great to take anyone’s notice and she said no more.

As the time passed though, Charlotte fought and regained some control over her pressure to urinate and let it slide to the back of her mind. The feast went on till late at night, and the few beers Her Highness drank through the course rushed into her bladder, “Oh good lord, I really need to take a piss now! I should have gone before the feast!” she told Farlen. He giggled, as after a mere five days without a trip to the privy, it came as no surprise to him that Her Highness needed to piss.

“But I cannot leave until the feast is over now” she added, “It would be rude.”

The Queen soon had to leave her seat to meet Lord Hrodwyn’s folks. The Lords and Ladies swarmed near the King and Queen Mother as Lord Hrodwyn introduced them to his kin. And the little Lord Farlen became so busy relishing the foods and enjoying the songs that he completely forgot about the Queen’s need to urinate. Part of the reason for this was that Her Highness was still not showing even the slightest sign that she was desperate for release. She walked normally, talked normally, and laughed normally, the only difference being that her lower belly was protruding ominously in front of her.

Before they knew it, it was midnight and Lady Walmer asked her servants to show the tired visitors to their chambers. As the Queen and Lord Farlen made their way to the room, she finally whispered of her situation, “I really do have to piss once we get inside!” And that was when it hit the Little Lord – the Queen had been on the weeing powder since morning. Any normal person would have been to the privy over a dozen times by now with such a heavy dose, but the Queen’s bladder had simply kept all of the urine contained. How she had kept it all controlled he did not know. It was absolutely amazing that the powder had completely failed against the Queen’s bladder. She had successfully contained all her urine, though a lot of pressure had built up inside her stretched vessel since morning. Farlen was flabbergasted, he had to admit that Charlotte possibly had the largest bladder in the kingdom. She truly was the Iron Queen!

They entered the chambers at last and Her Highness was finally ready to take a massive piss after a long and tiring hold but Farlen had an evil smirk on his face, he wasn’t going to let the Queen relieve herself yet. As Charlotte walked towards the privy, raising her hand to pull the door open, Farlen spoke up, “So it looks like you are too desperate to continue the game any longer?”

The Queen stopped with her hand on the handle of the privy door, “What?” she turned towards him.

“I know you might be really desperate, my Queen” he said with his head down, “You should pee and feel relaxed again.”

Charlotte could identify the desolation in his tone, she wanted to relieve herself before anything else, but she released her hold on the handle of the privy door and walked back to the boy who now sat on the bed.

“What is it, my child?” she asked, gently placing a hand on his shoulder and wincing in agony as she tried to bend down, putting a good deal of pressure on her already worked bladder, “You look upset.”

“Your Highness, I have always wished to have a Queen who could hold her waters well! But it looks like you too would never be able to fulfill my wish to have an iron bladdered Queen rule over the kingdom, I know you are just a human and you need to wee too, it is alright, maybe I was asking for too much.”

“Oh, no, my dear that is not true at all” Charlotte took a seat next to him, “My bladder is big enough to fulfill your every wish! But I have to admit today was something different! I could literally feel my bladder growing while I was sitting in that carriage! I have never felt it grow so rapidly and while we were in the inn this afternoon, I was seriously considering asking the innkeep for a place to relieve myself. I think something has gotten into me. I was just looking forward to relieving myself today so maybe we can start the game again tomorrow, I just hoped to give my bladder some rest after the excessive strain it has taken today.”

“Oh but I want to continue the game like this” Farlen demanded, “I hope you will be alright with it?”

“Yes, it won’t be a problem sweetheart, now stop being upset and go to sleep, I will hold it” she smiled, hiding the ache, and Farlen went to sleep with a sweet smile on his face.

*041*2019-01-20 17:06

{{3 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

I can't believe there is a new chapter already

I loved the way Farlen managed to keep the game going on. Denying her relie would have felt out of place after such a long time. This way is great!

And I guess after the diuretic powder the limit of her bladder will approach shortly. Will the powder work during the night? Or has it weared of? The next day will be horrible for her bladder^^

}}

I can't thank you enough for the support wedgeantilles. It means a lot to me.

I have always wanted to create a world where the characters were not as one dimensional as they were in most of the other omorashi stories. I don't know if I have been successful in that. I don't know if people like it. But adding to the depth and detail means so much to me because my characters live in that world. I don't know if anyone would like this piece, but I've written it with all my heart and soul. Thus, it means so much to me that you took out the time to read and comment. Thank you so much for that. I genuinely appreciate it.

*043*2019-01-22 13:58

{{On 1/21/2019 at 3:12 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn go Lord Farlen and lets keep this going even though queen charlotte is bursting for a nice long piss I cant wait to read what happens next

}}

Haha! Thank you so much, Melificent! Thank you for being so supportive and kind!

*044*2019-01-22 14:15

Day-VI

The Goose Faire

Early in the next morning, the royal party left for Boarstall Tower, their last stop before Tantallon. It was going to be a day-long ride from here and the King had decided to make a halt at the village of Plymouth for the night.

The wooden carriage drew on the stony road, sending waves of urine crashing against the walls of the Queen’s yet unrelieved bladder that ached like never before. The effects of the weeing powder had worn and though not desperate, she did have to pee a lot, with the liters of morning water only adding to her trouble.

It had only been a few hours since they had left Brackenburgh when the royal party came across a faire. The Goose faire was held on the grounds of Lenton Priory, a local monastic house, the largest and the wealthiest monastery in the meager settlement of Boddinghamshire. The King had always wanted to visit a faire in the country, thus he ordered his men to hold the travel for a while and enjoy themselves, a decision that obviously made his mother upset but she did not argue.

The King, Queen Mother, and Farlen entered the faire surrounded by the Kingsguard knights holding the royal banners to let everyone know who was coming. There were stalls till the far end of the ground. Bedders selling mattresses stuffed with feathers or wool, fishermen calling the names of freshly caught herring, salmon, whiting, turbot, plaice, cod and trout. Charlotte heard a mercer call out loudly to the passersby in a bid to show them the silken, linen and fustian clothes he had in store. A skinner selling pelts and animal furs caught the Queen’s notice. He had furs made of bear, wolf, fox skin and others, rich, smooth and warm. Her Highness went through his collection to take her mind off her immense need to piss, and bought one made of ermine as a gift for herself.

Alongside the clammer, mayhem and noise; the bright silks and smoke from fires; the air was thick with the smell of fish, animal hides and flesh, spices and fruits. Peddlers were carrying big brass flasks on their back, selling a sweet tasting Şerbeti drink made of licorice. Stallholders rubbed shoulders in the faire lanes with liquor sellers, ne'er-do-wells, outlaws, friars and clergymen, bear-beaters, mummers, dancers and musicians. There were other stalls too, drapers selling everything starting from smocks, hoses, kirtles, gowns and bras to belts, surcoats, girdles, capes, hoods and bonnets. And cookeries had it all from brioches to bread to fish sausages.

They all seemed to enjoy the faire, but after half an hour, both Lord Farlen and Queen Charlotte began to feel thirsty, “My Queen, come let’s go to that stall, we might get something to drink there,” he said, tugging her by the arm. She followed the boy to the stall where a paunchy man with a thick mustache welcomed them with a smile, “Would you be kind enough to hand me a drink, good Sir?” Farlen said.

“Sure at once!” the man said as he dipped the wooden ladle into the large drum kept inside his stall and poured a tumbler full of the thick, white, slightly fermented millet drink before sprinkling a bit of cinnamon on top and handing it to Farlen. The boy took a sip and a wide smile ran across his face as he bought the tumbler away from his mouth, he loved the sweet & sourly taste of it! The Queen too was feeling the thirst climb up her throat, thus she had Farlen come along with her to the stand where a fat balding man was serving beer.

“Which drink is your largest?” she asked the man.

“Tank of steel, my lady – as many refills as you can have – for five coppers.”

“I’ll have it,” Charlotte told him. He scratched his head and said, “Ay, my lady. But are you sure? It’s a really bad deal. No one ever finishes it and gets more drinks aye. Maybe have a usual tankard instead.”

“No my friend, a tankard of steel would be enough, I think I’ll be able to drink my thirst down from it.”

Farlen was amazed to see the confident Queen unfazed by the condition of her bladder, “My Queen, are you sure you’ll be able to handle all that beer?”

"I can always handle another beer regardless of what my bladder tells me, my Lord" she whispered "You'd like that if I had yet another beer without peeing first, wouldn't you?" she winked and the boy’s face lit up in response.

Farlen was happy with how the things were progressing; knowing the big drink would help his cause of stretching the Queen’s bladder even further. He began to get confident that the Queen wouldn’t even make it through the afternoon if the drink was as large as it was claimed, owing to the fact that Her Highness had not relieved herself for the past five days and her bladder ought to be tired after the strain it took the day before.

The drink wasn’t big as he had expected, it was bigger. The tankard of steel was absolutely enormous. It had to be two liters in volume, filled to the top with the Queen’s favorite drink, beer. Though the tankard was big, the Queen lifted it with one hand as they walked away.

They enjoyed themselves watching a juggler doing his tricks and stilt walkers strolling around. Puppeteers and magicians wandered among the crowds plying their trades... as did the whores and cutpurses. By the afternoon the Queen had downed over half her ridiculous beer, and though Lord Farlen had just a lemonade, he was feeling the urge to pee.

He told the Queen about his dilemma and she said, “Oh, please go ahead and relieve yourself, my Lord.”

The little Lord made waters behind some bushes while Charlotte patiently waited for him at one of the stalls, and when he returned the Queen was still sipping from the tankard, standing defiantly with her legs apart, “My Queen, I wonder if you need to pee too? You have not relieved herself in a long time.”

“Yes, my Lord” she smiled, bringing the tankard away from her mouth, “A visit to the privy would take away all this weight I have been carrying in my bladder but I can hold it for now. Don’t be bothered about my need, I am much better than yesterday.”

As they wandered around in the faire, Queen Charlotte and Lord Farlen came across a sweet shop that smelled like roses and honey. It had many sweets kept neatly on the display with a small dish of burning basil leaves kept nearby to ward of the flies.

The shopkeeper invited them with a warm smile, gesturing towards the display of several sweets, Baklava made from a simple combination of crispy pastry with chopped nuts soaked in a sweet sticky syrup, chicken desserts made from the boiled chicken strips ground into fine powder, puddings made with a mixture of grains, fresh and dried fruits as well as nuts, slices of kunefe made with a mixture of soft cheese, shredded dough, sugar, and water with a healthy sprinkling of crushed pistachios and other nuts on top, and the Turkish delight that had always been the Queen’s favorite, there was an ample variety to choose from.

Their mouths began to water and they enjoyed the kunefe as the man served it to them warm while the cheese in it was still gooey and stringy. Lord Farlen licked his fingers after he had his share and soon they moved on to the other attractions.

They seemed to enjoy themselves at the faire but as the afternoon progressed, Lord Farlen met with a shock. The Queen had emptied the huge tankard of beer! She had done it. Wiping a bit from her lips, Queen Charlotte smiled and graciously asked Sir Mandon to get her a refill. The man at the stall was shocked that the slim and beautiful Queen could possibly finish the drink, yet he was more than happy to give the Kingsguard new beer for her.

Farlen smiled incredulously at Charlotte who was least bothered about the condition of her bladder and was using its capacity to the fullest. But as the time passed, Farlen noticed the Queen was trailing behind him as they moved around the faire. “My Queen, what’s keeping you?” he asked as he turned and saw that she was clenching her thighs together briefly, the clothe of her skirts pressed between her legs. It was clear that the beer was finally starting to affect even her mammoth bladder. Farlen was sure enough that there was no way her bladder could hold much more! But she straightened herself before he could say anything and gave him another smile. “I am fine, my Lord! My corset is just becoming uncomfortable, so I had to adjust it.”

He smiled back, pretending to believe her lie. However, an hour later he wasn’t so sure if the Queen was telling the truth or not. Despite walking all around the faire, Queen Charlotte had made no comments about her bladder and had not stopped again or shown any signs of bursting.

Her Highness saw the little boy staring and asked what the matter was. “I was going to ask you that!” he replied, “You have drunk so much, I was expecting you to become fidgety, but it seems you really are immune to such needs!”

Queen Charlotte’s face shone with pride as she told him, “To control her needs is the mark of a proper lady, my lord. It is an etiquette we must maintain at all times.”

“I just hope you can keep controlling…I am really enjoying this game,” he muttered, and Charlotte’s next words told of her determination, “Oh yes, my Lord, I told you that I don’t give in to such urges. I am fine and it is just that my bladder needs time to grow.” With that they walked on, Farlen wearing a big smile on his face.

As the dusk spread its wings, he noticed that the Queen’s legs were becoming restless very so often, despite what he presumed were her best efforts to stop them. He said nothing, waiting for nature to take its course. But Her Highness continued to be strong, even with over five days of piss residing in her. The Queen had finished her giant tankard of beer for the second time and she still had not gotten any relief. She walked around, enjoying the stalls as if nothing bothered her.

It was growing dark by when all the stalls at the faire were beginning to wind up for the day, and besides a slight increase in her fidgetiness, the Queen’s desperation had not increased at all. Lord Farlen was amazed that she could resist the urges for so long having drunk so much. And she was still able to make conversation with people after over five days of holding!

The royal party soon took to the road and after riding for a few hours they came across a holdfast that was now used as a guest house for travelers. The King, tired after spending the entire day at the faire, decided to halt for the night.

When Lord Farlen and Queen Charlotte finally retired for the day, she began to fidget with greater urgency under the covers, and at midnight she got up from the bed and went into the privy. Farlen opened his eyes and found the Queen was not in the bed! He was horrified! The Queen had gone to the privy to finally relieve herself! It was too late to stop her now! He was ready to hear the hiss of her wee in the privy hole, but none came to his ears. After mere seconds he also left the bed to go check on Her Highness, and found the iron-bladdered Queen in front of the mirror, brushing her teeth and gums with a rough cloth of linen, with her legs crossed tightly and an expression of concentration on her face. Oh how she must have wanted to piss, the inviting privy hole being right there in front of her! But she did not make a move towards it.

“Oh, my Lord, I thought you were asleep!” she turned to him, still with legs crossed hard. “I have to ask you now, may I please use the privy? I have been fighting off every pressure that has come to me and I really need let it come out.”

Farlen looked at her face. The Queen was desperate after hiding her needs all this time! Surely her bladder would burst if it didn’t get relief soon. The Little Lord could only imagine how it felt, having so much liquid inside but finding no relief! She had resisted valiantly for so long with loads of drinks, but it looked like all of that liquid had caught up to her, yet her fate laid in his hands, and the boy still wasn’t done with her, “My Queen, I thought you said you could resist as long as you wanted to. It’s been just over five days! Are you really ready to give up yet?”

He saw nerves in her eyes, but there was no wavering in her voice as Charlotte responded, “Oh, no, it’s wrong of you to think that. Of course, I can hold longer if you want me to! Just with the privy so close I had a moment of weakness, but it will not happen again! My bladder will have to keep expanding and keep shut.”

Having said her piece, the Queen walked with confident steps out of the privy and lay back on the bed. She went under the covers and her omnipresent bladder mounded over the sheets, and soon they both drifted to sleep.

$$

$$

$$

$$

