A Wet Relationship in Bloom

Author: bdp

*000*2016-01-25 20:01

Intro: Well this is my first fictional pee story I hope you guys enjoy it, Cheers!

### A Wet Relationship in Bloom--

Act 1: The Reveal

I am finally in a good place. It has been years since I have even considered a serious relationship, but when Rachel came along everything changed. She was one of the most beautiful girls with her high rounded cheekbones and her large green eyes. She looked like if a cartoon hamster fused with Rose Byrne in the most adorable way possible. This is month three into our relationship and we cannot stop fucking. Every chance we get, a spare closet, an empty classroom, the back of the car and on this particular day we find ourselves at a high end mall. You know the kind with hardwood floors and lush, dense carpeting. The only stores you see are Louis Vuitton, Saks Fifth Ave. and Micheal Kors.

For a few hours Rachel and I have been drinking large iced coffees while searching for a gift for her mother. We decide to take a breather and take a seat in one of the many sets of couches; choosing one right under the escalator. She leans over to kiss me and says "Thank you for coming out with me, I know shopping isn't your favorite." I look at her and smile "Honestly it's no big deal; I am actually having a fucking great time with you". She kisses me deeply and immediately I imagine tearing off her purple college sweatshirt and black leggings to reveal her beautiful full body. I start to heat up a little and as our lips disengage I feel my cock start to fill with blood. She looks down at my crotch and says "Ooh really? Am I getting you excited already?" she grabs my cock through my track pants making me shudder with a wave of excitement.

I look around making sure no one is looking toward us. She looks up at me with a playful grin that showcases her dimples. She looks perfect in this moment with her brown hair pulled back into a loose bun. She has perfect bangs that frame her face and those amazing intentional long whips of hair by her ears. My erection stiffens in her hand and my hand that was resting on her leg starts playing with her pussy through the leggings. She stops playing with me for a minute and looks a bit pained. She looks at me a bit worried and says "I'm sorry, I really have to pee I can't have you play with me right now. I might lose it all right here". I try to hide any glimmer of excitement and say "That's okay; let's find a bathroom for you."

As we stand up I try to conceal my rock hard erection as much as possible. I slip it into my waistband and have her lead the way. We finally get to a long lost bathroom underneath a stairwell at one of the exits. Much to her dismay the ladies room is out of order. Immediately she goes into panic mode "Oh No No No!" she crouches and holds herself a little "I have to pee so bad I don't know if I can make it across the mall again. Would you mind keeping a lookout while I use the mens?".

I see she is worried but inside I am screaming with joy. I have had a pee fetish since I was a small child and have never had a chance to explore it and this is the perfect opportunity. Rachel now has two hands on her crotch and tears welling in her eyes and my erection is so strong it is starting to hurt. I grab her face and look deep into her eyes and ask "will you pee on me?" She looks at me with a screwed up face "What? Here?". I try to soften her shock a bit "I know it's kinda weird but I am really turned on right now".

Before I get an answer I grab her by the hand and lead her into the men's room. There is only one toilet and the floor is partially carpeted at the entryway. I tell her “lock the door” my voice trembling with anticipation. I sit down on the toilet fully clothed and motion her over, Rachel straddles me. I take off her sweatshirt and throw it across the room. I grab her by the hips and move up under her tight white tank to her lovely C cups which she didn’t bother putting in a bra today. She pushes her hips forward and her eyes get wide as she feels my rigid erection "Holy shit! You ARE really turned on aren't you?". She starts grinding on my impossibly hard cock through my pants and I can see her juices starting to soak through her yoga pants. After a deep kiss she looks directly into my eyes and I see her face relax.

That's when I feel the delightfully warm sensation on my cock. She was wetting through her pants onto me . Her hand right behind my neck, her forehead pressed to mine as a torrential downpour of piss began to hiss and froth through her leggings onto my pants splashing up on to my belly. She lets out a loud moan of relief and the hissing gets louder and I realize I am about to cum. I try to hold back but orgasm was inevitable. A heavy stream sloshes a across the shaft of my rock hard dick and I start to cum helplessly into my pants again and again. My PC muscles clamping down so hard I could swear my cock flattened completely with each spasm.

I kissed her hard as I shot load after load into my boxers. She finished with a few final spurts over my clothed cock and smiled up at me with those perfect dimples. I leaned back on to the toilet and let out a breathy "Wow...". I could have slept for a decade after that orgasm. She made a stifled squeal of delight and shifted her weight toward me; a loud splatter hit the floor as she said "We need to do that more often". We tied the sweatshirt around her waist and quickly made our way out of the mall hoping no one could see our drenched clothes, and I knew I was in store for one of the best relationships of my life.

*003*2016-01-27 00:23

{{:

One of the BEST I've ever read and it's a perfect fit to my longtime desire - thanks for posting! MORE!

}}

Thank you so much! It has been one of my favorite fantasies and I rarely see stories or videos that capture it.

