Harry Potter! a series of extreme male desperation stories

Author: Ranma23

*000*2012-02-05 17:30

I will post some of my stories here although I posted another two before on another Topic.

Stories are written by me but due to my not mother language english, I asked some members to edit them for me. they have been very helpful. I am appreciating their collaboration :) and hope you all give feedback.

Enjoy

Harry vs Draco - written by Ranma23 - edited by SeverusSnapeFan-

Part one

"Aboard the Hogwarts Express, on the first of September, Draco introduced himself to Harry and suggested that Harry would be better if he was friends with Draco than with Ron Weasley, whose family he obviously despised. He then held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it, instead responding, "I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks." This event set the stage for a rivalry between the two boys which continued throughout every school year."

FIFT YEAR

Harry Ron and Hermione were out for a walk in Hogsmead. the weather was cold and sunny, they were watching the stores windows and talking about school.

"Hey Potter be carefull" yelled Draco Malfoy coming from behind them. "It's full of MUD there!" Goyle replied from his side laughing hard.

Ron pointed his wand to Draco, "say that again hairy primate!"

Harry raised his wand as well and stood next to Ron.

"Don't worry Potter I don't mean to get dirt on my hands" said Draco and walked away

Ron was furious, but him and Harry were actually glad the fight was avoided, because they weren't supposed to be wondering around Hogsmead due to the last events with the Death eaters.

They kept on walking and finally stopped at The Hog's Head and sat there for a Butterbeer where they stayed there for more than an hour when Ron and Hermione went to the washrooms and Harry remained alone at the table for a while.

He couldn't remember when he last used the bathroom but it was probably before lunch althogh he didn't feel the need at all. His bladder was very well strong and he usually could hold up to 8 hours before getting desperate when he wasn't drinking too much.

He noticed Hermione and Ron got stopped by some friends on the way back from the bathroom.

"Harry" said a sweet voice

Harry, turned his head and saw Ginny, seeing her big and beautifull smile Harry felt his heart bitting faster.

"Hi, how are you?" he said smiling back to her

" I'm good, I am waiting for some friends"

" Take a seat," Harry said shifting on the long banch to make space for her.

"Thank you, hold on a second, I'll be right back," Ginny said as she walked to the bar and came back with 2 pints of Butterbeer.

They drank up and talked for a while. Harry was so happy to be there with Ginny that he wasn't realizing his bladder was getting full.

He had drank almost the whole thing while Ginny had just given a couple of sip from her beer.

All of a sudden the door of the pub was blasted open and two Death eater entered it, crashing chairs and tables, everybody was screaming.

Harry met the eyes of Ron and Hermione and in half a second they knew what to do. He pulled out his invisbilty cloak and covered himself and Ginny up and they ran to Hermione and Ron who already where at the back door leading into the tavern where (as they remembered) was a passdoor back to Hogwarts. While they where running up the stairs Harry felt a twitch in his bladder. They entered the room where the secret passage way was but a horrible surprise was waiting for them; they found Bellatrix Lestrange waiting for them

" Hello!" She screamed in her crazy way

The door suddenly closed behind them, they took their wands out but with a major "expelliarmus" the 4 wands flew in the air and landed on the floor behind Bellatrix.

"What do we have here? Potter.. my favorite! Granger...uh... and two of the Weasley!! Well, well, well!"

She threw a spell and tide them together in to pairs. Harry had his wrists tide together to Ginny's wrists with one inch of distance between their hands.

Same thing for Ron and Hermione.

Harry gulped, he was starting to feel his need now.

"you come with me" Said Bellatrix and they all disappear in a "ZAP".

When they landed Harry touched the ground with his feet, but he suddenly reminded he was tide to anothe person. As Jinny landed right after him they fell on the cold black murble of Malfoy's castle and Jinny's body bounced on Harry's squeezing his bladder.

"ouch!" shghed Harry, his face contracted in pain

"Oh my.. sorry Harry" said Ginny embarassed and tried to stand up but she was only doing worst

" Ginny!" screamed Harry between his teeth " please stop... sorry... you need to get off my bladder or I'll pee myself" he continued with a nervous smile

"sorry...sorry !" Ginny was embarrased but also a little excited by the situation and stopped mooving to avoid making mistakes, she would never want to hurt Harry . Her body laying on Harrys suddenly gave him a shiver of other nature.

They watched each other in the eyes, their hands tied on their chest, their faces so close, they both blushed.

Harry confirmed to himself that he liked Jinny so much and the perfume of her long red hair was so good.. Their lips almost touched but he felt he was gettin a little too excited and turned on. Even tho this was really helping him holding his pee, he was embarassed that she would feel it and shifted on a side to get her off himself.

They turned their heads and saw Ron and Hermione fighting for standing up

Harry supressed a smile. they were hilarious but there was also nothing to laugh about...they were trapped in Malfoy's dangeon!

Harry and Ginny finally maneged to stand up and Harry remembered that he revealed to her that his bladder was full, but he hoped she thought that was just a way to say or that of course, he was in pain only when squized like that. He regained controll and he could show a perfectly steady standing.

"What are we going to do now?" said Ron worried

"we shouldn't have gone out, Lupin told us so.. we are in great danger now!" said Hermione

Harry was silent and thinking what to do, Ginny was followin him dragged around the room.

The Room had stone walls, big creepy paintings all over the walls but it was big enough to give Harry the hope to find a bathroom there.

Harry checked all the doors but they where all locked, then he thought: even if there was a bathroom how could I go with Ginny tied to my hands!

It was so aqward walking around tied to each other that way. They all sat on a high stone stair that was just like a huge unconfortable sofa, thinking about what to do.

Harry was forced to sit very close to Ginny, their thighs where touching and he was desperatly trying not to fidget or squirm, afraid that Ginny would notice right away. He was felling very uncomfortable, he couldn't help bouncing his leg slightly (the one far away from Ginny) up and down hoping that it wasn't revealing his predicament.

"I'm sure somene will come rescue us soon" she whispered to Harry. He blushed thinking he was supposed to be the one to rescue her and his friends...

A sudden "zap!" cached their attention

Draco and Bellatrix appeared in the room

...to be continued

