Beach Trip Agony

Author: comicman320

*000*2017-12-04 07:25

Sunbathing and bursting bladders.docx

*007*2017-12-05 06:48

{{2 hours ago, JZshark said:

I love how everyone is bashing this guy on the whole kid thing, yet I've seen dozens of stories about underage girls on here talking about freely wetting themselves, being desperate, all sorts of things with no comments about it whatsoever. This is the first time I've seen anyone get up in arms about this.

I honestly loved the story. Yeah there were some minor spelling errors and you could use some paragraph breaks. But damn was it good. You managed to make a very underutilized section of fiction here (swimsuit wetting / desperation) work fantastic. I love these kinds of stories. You have people who refuse to just pee in the ocean and want to use a toilet, resorting in desperation and leaking into swimsuits. I loved the concept, the build up, and the conclusion. And honestly I'm excited for whatever else you have to bring to the table.

Welcome to the community Comic man. Keep on writing!

}}

Thanks for the support man it means a lot. like i said I'm new at this and I will admit I don't know all the rules yet but as you pointed out their are numerous stories on this site that involve kids peeing. Im not a child perv for crying out loud its just how the story turned out. Anyway sorry for the ranting but I just wanted to get this out before i continue to write. Once again thanks to you and all the people that left nice comments. I love how well received this story has been and I promise you more is on the way.

