The Corner - Chapter 1.1

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2012-02-20 00:17

Story contains female desperation, wetting, and also a Dom/sub style relationship. A lot of stories end up with the girls in desperate situations because of a male authority figure, but I don't think I've seen a story from quite this angle yet... so here goes. They say write what you know. :)

The story telling is a bit non-linear, so hang on for the ride. The non-linear style is inspired by TV shows like Damages and more recently The Firm. It might be a love or hate kind of thing, and I have no idea how well it works in story form, but here goes... I hope you'll like it.

Please let me know your thoughts and if you'd like to see the story continue.

###

///// KELLI /////

OH NO. A spurt of warm pee shot out into her cotton panties.

Kelli struggled with all her might to squeeze her sphincter shut and will her bladder to wait just a bit longer. The painful spasms were coming more quickly now though. How long had it been now? She unclasped her hands from behind her back and slid a hand between her legs to check herself. She forced herself to smile briefly - her jeans weren't wet. Her panties must have absorbed her leak - she could still hide it. He would not have to know. She was standing there about to wet herself like a little girl - for the second time in only a few days. What would he think if he knew?

She shoved her hand hard into her crotch and felt the pressure subside a bit... but if he saw... Quickly rejoining her hands behind her back she thought about the past few days. If her first accident had landed her here, what would the punishment be if she completely soaked her jeans before the allotted time had passed? She dared not even think of the last time she had been taken over his knee. She had sworn never to disappoint him like that again. Despite the impossibly strong urge to bend over, squirm, or just move period she somehow willed herself to remain motionless, her nose still pressed firmly into the corner.

She could feel her bladder weakening. The next time she lost control it would not be an easily kept secret.

###

///// KELLI /////

### 2 DAYS EARLIER --

"Excited?"

... "Very much so. You are the best, Sir."

"Well, you've been a good little girl lately; you deserve something special."

... "Thank you Sir, I've tried really really hard to please you."

Kelli smiled and threw her arms around James giving him a huge hug . She winced a little as his tight squeeze reminded her of her overly full bladder. Tomorrow was her 19th birthday and just a month ago he had promised her a trip to Kings Island if she behaved. She had been on her *best* behavior the past month. She was home on time every day. Her chores were always finished early. She texted prolifically during the day to keep James informed of where she was and what she was up to. She had even double ironed his business suites to make sure they were sharp and crisp the way he preferred them.

That's not to say there hadn't been setbacks, of course. There were always setbacks. As much as James spoiled her he was also strict and demanding at times. Things had to be done just so so. Luckily, thanks to her overall good behavior, deep blue eyes, and puppy dog face the setbacks had all been minor bumps along the road and she had avoided spending even one minute of time in the corner all month. She wasn't sure if that was a personal best for her, but it sure felt like it.

They had both gotten up early today. It was a two hour drive to their destination and they were hoping to be one of the first thru the gates and one of the first to leave that evening. Breakfast was finished more quickly than usual thanks to the excitement.

"Gates open at 9am dear, we need to be out the door by 6:30 by the latest."

... "Yes, Sir, I'll be ready, promise."

James got up from the table and Kelli went over her mental checklist one last time. She was a list girl. Make-up. Dress. Sir's phone charger. Socks. Shoes. Potty. She looked at the clock. 5:59am. There should still be plenty of time. She gulped down the remainder of her orange juice quickly and then cleared the table. She squeezed her legs together tightly while rinsing off the dishes as she was reminded again that she hadn't yet been potty that morning. As soon as she awoke she had been called straight to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, as was usually expected of her. She wasn't about to slip up so close to her reward. She was beginning to regret the extra iced tea she'd had before bed last night, but she knew she could wait.

As she was putting on her makeup she found herself bending slightly and shifting her weight from foot to foot. She thought she caught James watching her from the other room, but wasn't sure. They'd never discussed it but secretly she had a suspicion James enjoyed her dancing. Her potty schedule was one of the items he was quite strict about. Luckily she'd always managed to hold it until he excused her and always made it without incident. Even if he enjoyed the way her body swayed while potty dancing she hesitated to think what might happen if she was ever unable to wait until she was excused.

Finishing her make-up she walked into the bedroom and looked for an outfit on the bed. She saw only her white cotton hipsters with the little red hearts and flowers. She smiled. James knew those were her favorite, but what about the rest of her outfit?

... "Sir, what am I to wear today?" She waited a moment for a response.

"Hmmmm. Your tight dark blue skinny jeans, white T, and that adorable red sweater you know I love."

... "Yes, Sir. Thank you for picking my favorite panties."

"You are welcome dear, I thought that might make you happy."

Kelli opened her closet and retrieved the requested attire and started to dress. As she pulled up her jeans and buttoned them she again felt her bladder start to cramp. She bent over quickly shoving her a hand between her legs. She took a breath slowly. In an out. The urgent wave passed as quickly as it came and that familiar overly full dull ache returned. She put on her deodorant quickly then pulled on her T and then the red sweater. Finally, her socks and shoes. She looked longingly towards the restroom but knew she wouldn't be permitted to go until she was ready to walk out the door.

Now, where was Sir's phone charger. She knew he could easily afford another charger for the car but it was one of the things he trusted her with. She was thankful for some of the small easy things she could do to please him.

... "Babe, do you know where your charger is?"

"Ummm, maybe the the study or the living room, I'm not sure."

Kelli quickly ran thru the house looking. She needed to find the charger soon if she was going to have enough time to potty before leaving. She knew Sir would not want to depart late. The minutes slowly ticked away as she looked here and there. Her bladder would occasionally spasm causing her to freeze in place and bend over immediately to keep it under control. Finally she found the cable laying on the desk in Jame's private office. She smiled to herself until she looked at the clock and saw the time. 6:27. She shoved the cable in her back pocket and ran to find James. She found him putting on his wind breaker in the living room.

... "Sir". She had already started with her the puppy dog look.

"Yes, dear?"

... "May I pretty please visit the little girls room before we leave?"

"Well..." He looked as his watch and then back at her.

... "PLEASE, Sir?" She was using her whiney voice, and they both knew it.

"You do realize the time?"

... "I'm so sorry for running late. Pretty please?" She gave him her best smile as she crossed her legs and squeezed them tight.

"You may, quickly. 5 minutes."

... "Thank you so much, sweetie."

She planted a kiss softly on his cheek and dashed into the restroom unbuttoning her jeans as she ran towards the toilet. She could feel herself getting even more desperate with each step. That's what always happened. By the time she sat down it was usually an emergency that she couldn't hold back not matter what she tried. She had just pulled down her jeans and panties and was about to sit when she heard him call from the other room.

"Dear, I don't see the map in our backpack."

She cringed and froze in place as a small spurt of pee escaped and splashed onto the bathroom floor. She bent over and placed her fingers directly over her pee hole pressing tightly. Please, god, no more. Had she really forgotten the map? She knew her permission was conditional. She was not allowed to go if the packing was still unfinished.

"Young lady, get in here now." He sounded more frustrated than before.

She slowly pulled up her panties and pants while trying so very hard not to flood them. She had to go so bad. She couldn't remember the last time she'd had to stop SO close to release. She buttoned her jeans and bent over sharply. Another spurt escaped. She tried hard not to start crying, or let it show on her face. She kept her legs squeezed together as she exited the bathroom and slowly, painfully waddled towards the bedroom door. If she had to find to find the map and then go straight out the door with no potty... well, she didn't want to think about that possibility.

As she approached the doorway she tried to straighten up a bit and act slightly more composed in front of James. As she straighten and tried to stand normally she felt her control slipping and another spurt escaped. She quietly squealed. She was starting to feel damp.

"Are you ok, dear? I'm sure I told you to pack a map for the trip."

... "Fine, Sir." She lied. He didn't need to know she was about to explode all over his carpet.

... "Yes, you did ask me to do so."

"Then where is it, dear?"

Kelli started to take one step into the living room and felt herself losing all control. This would be far more than a spurt, this was going to be bad. She honestly didn't think she would be able to get it back under control... Damn that map.

*003*2012-02-21 21:11

Chapter 1.2

///// JAMES /////

James smiled as he emptied his bladder and remembered the delicious iced tea Kelli had made for them both the night before. As he felt his own urgency drain away he imagined Kelli would be feeling a similar urgency when she awoke. He didn't recall her asking to go pee before bed last night, so that would mean she hadn't been since before dinner. He wondered if she would be doing her typical potty dancing while preparing breakfast as she so often did in the mornings.

They had never discussed it, but he did truly enjoy watching her squirm in the mornings. He would sit at the table sipping his coffee and reading the paper while she pranced back and forth from one leg to another while standing in front of the stove.

It was going to be a good day he thought as he jumped in the shower.

#

"Kelli" he called out loudly as he poured himself a cup of coffee.

Less than a minute later she was standing there in the doorway to the kitchen still blinking her beautiful blue eyes and looking half asleep. He noticed her legs were crossed. Not tightly, but also not casually.

"Breakfast please, dear"

... "Yes, Sir"

"Thank you."

She walked over and gingerly kissed his forehead then went straight to the fridge and started fetching the sausage, eggs, and cheese that was his usual morning fare. He noticed her bending at the waste but couldn't determine if it was from the iced tea last night or the fact that the sausages were simply on the bottom shelf. He smiled to himself and went back to the business section.

Soon breakfast was served, and soon after breakfast was finished. Her cooking had completely satisfied him, as usual.

"Gates open at 9am dear, we need to be out the door by 6:30 by the latest."

... "Yes, Sir, I'll be ready, promise."

James headed to his room to dress. He smiled as he heard the sink start running and imagined his girl crossing her legs tightly while doing the dishes. He wouldn't see it today, but he had many times in the past. Soon Kelli returned from the kitchen and began to finish getting ready herself. He smiled as he saw her leaning and jumping from foot to foot as she applied her make-up. It seemed she was definitely feeling the iced tea from the night before.

... "Sir, what am I to wear today?"

He had not had the opportunity to lay out a complete outfit for her today, so he decided quickly what she was going to wear and gave her instructions. Yes, she was going to look terrific in that outfit. He looked at his watch. The minutes were flying by. He started to wonder if she would have time to potty before leaving. If so he would permit her to, however a part of him hoped she would be running behind schedule... For a moment he imagined pushing her out the door without the opportunity she must desperately need to relieve herself. It was going to come down to the wire this morning. He walked to the door and started to slip into his jacket. Only a few more minutes.

And then there she was in front of him, looking up at hime with her puppy dog eyes.

... "May your girl pretty please visit the little girls room before we leave?"

It was 6:27. He gave her a bit of a chastising about being late. She quickly apologized, and then there were those deep blue eyes... sometimes he was *almost* powerless.

"OK. 5 minutes. Hurry."

He watched as she scampered off to the bathroom quickly then started digging thru the bag she had packed for the day - just to make sure nothing had been forgotten. Wait. Where was the map? It wasn't here. How long had she been gone? He wondered if she had already started to empty or if she was still just pulling down her pants.

"Dear, I don't see the map in our backpack." He called out loudly. Silence. He frowned.

"Young lady, get in here now."

It took longer than he thought it should have, but soon she was standing in the doorway looking at him. She was trying to put on a good show, but he could see the desperation clearly in her eyes and posture. She was slightly bent over despite trying to stand straight and she was obviously squeezing her hips super tight while trying to make it look like she wasn't crossing her legs. He must have called her back just before she had the chance to release. She suddenly tensed up and squeaked.

"Are you ok, dear?"

... "Fine, Sir."

He was almost sure that was not the truth, but said nothing. She liked to put on a brave face for him and even despite being required to ask his permission she was always shy about letting him know when she needed to go badly. He had seen her in various states of desperation during their relationship but he'd never seen her wet herself or even so much as have the smallest accident. Of course he knew it was within his power to simply make that happen... but how would she react if he did that? He imagined she would be embarrassed, but would she be upset? Would she blame him for making her wait or would she blame herself for being unable to?

He tried not to think about his last relationship. He had used his power. One day at the mall his girlfriend had found herself standing in front of him soaked with a rapidly growing puddle on the floor. That had not gone so well. He didn't want to spook Kelli or scare her off. She was just so amazing.

"If you packed it then where is it" he asked as he dug thru the backpack for a second time.

"Aha. Found it. Nevermind."

It had slipped to the bottom and been covered up by other items. He looked up expecting to see a look of relief on her face, but the doorway was empty. She was already gone. He zipped up the backpack and walked into the bedroom. He could hear her pee forcefully splashing into the bowl thru the still open bathroom door. She knew she was to always leave the door open unless she was making a stink of things. He listened and the sound continued for what seemed like a minute or two. He poked his head in the doorway and she smiled at him, but was that embarrassment he saw in her gaze. He wondered if she had made it in time. He glanced at her pants, but they were too dark and her panties were still inside her pants from when she had pulled them down. He couldn't tell.

"Everything ok here, dear?"

... "Yes, I'll be out in just a minute and I promise we can make up for lost time."

"I thought you looked a little on edge earlier in the doorway, dear". He would always try and get her to admit her desperation.

... "I was just worried I might be in trouble is all". Yet she never would.

James lingered just a moment longer then left her to finish up and get dressed while he went out to start the car. He'd get a chance to feel her pants soon enough once they were on the road anyways. He smiled. If she'd had her first little accident he was sure to find out.

###

///// KELLI /////

Kelli started to take one step into the living room and felt herself losing control. She was going to pee all over his floor, right there in the middle of his living room. She didn't know what else to do. She felt like bursting into tears. He wouldn't ever want to see her again.

"Aha. Found it. Nevermind."

She quickly spun around and and the foot that was about to fall in the living room fell instead one step closer to the bathroom. She hunched over in pain and another few seconds of pee squirted out into her favorite panties. She managed to hobble to the restroom with pee squirting into her panties the entire way. She barely managed to slow the flow while she pulled down her pants and panties.

AHHHHHHH. The relief. All was forgotten. Her birthday. Forgotten. The narrowly avoided disaster in the living room. Forgotten. Her worry that James might discover her accident. Forgotten. She smiled as her pee freely streamed out with no sign of stopping. When it got this bad sometimes the release was almost more pleasurable than an orgasm.

"Everything ok here, dear?"

She jumped slightly but her pee continued to flow. James had popped his head into the bathroom to check on her. She saw him looking at her then down at her pants. God, no. Could he tell they were wet? If so, why didn't he saying anything? She just wanted him to stop looking at her pants. Sometimes he was so hard to read.

... "Yes, I'll be out in just a minute."

"I thought you looked a little on edge earlier in the doorway, dear."

She blushed. Had he realized she was about to pee all over his living room floor. She hoped not. She quickly made up an excuse about being afraid of getting in trouble over the map. It was even half way true. He seemed to buy it but he was still staring at her pants. It felt like forever, then suddenly he was gone. She heard the car start outside.

Thankful to be alone she wiped then stood up to inspect the damage. Her favorite panties were half soaked. Perhaps she could grab some dry ones quickly. But what if James wanted a peek at her panties later... or what if later tonight he undressed her and discovered she wasn't wearing the panties he had put her in that morning. How would she explain that? She knew she would not be able to. Changing panties was not an option.

She pulled up her panties then her pants. Obviously he'd notice if she changed her jeans. She looked at them closely but there was no wet spot to be seen. She smiled. She ran her hand up the inside of her thy towards her crotch and frowned. There was certainly a wet spot to be felt. Her crotch and the inside of both legs were very wet to the touch. God please let James not be in a one of his touchy-feely moods today. If he just kept his hands off her and concentrated on driving he'd never know. She hoped she would be dry by the time they arrived.

Surely after this morning the day could only get better.

*004*2012-02-26 21:17

Should I take the lack of response to mean no one is interested? I posted more of the story, but still all is quiet. I mean I guess if people don't like it they don't like it, but I was hoping for a better response.

*005*2012-02-29 00:37

Find me and what? :) Maybe I want to be found. :)

*009*2021-01-04 08:43

It's old news now, but just incase anyone missed it, I present chapter 2:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/40170-kellis-in-the-corner-chapter-2/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1377842&embedComment=1377842&embedDo=findComment#comment-1377842"

*011*2021-01-05 07:20

{{21 hours ago, Fuchsa9073 said:

I love everything about it!

}}

That’s high praise. Thank you so much.

$

*013*2021-01-06 20:50

{{:

Quote

Bit weird

}}

I simply went back to find this for someone who requested it and realized that I had never posted the chapter 2 link in the chapter 1 thread - so I did. Since several people had read and commented it seemed reasonable they might be interested in Chapter 2 (even years later). Stories age well and I routinely miss things like this all the time when people publish chapter in multiple threads (and I know I'm not the only one). I wish everyone did this - I only wish I'd done it sooner here.

I don't randomly bump threads all the time for no reason.

*015*2021-01-11 00:16

{{On 1/7/2021 at 11:04 PM, shadow20 said:

Any plan to release chapter 3?

}}

If I ever write it, but don't hold your breath.

