Sisterhood of Blood - Page 9

Author: frostyjr2

*201*2013-10-06 15:03

{{: 

<3 I love it ! Nice to see the family ties happening, so to speak!

}}

Isn't there a saying, 'blood is thicker than water' ?

Although in this case, my omo vamps are bound by both, !

*202*2013-10-07 05:25

As another weekend has ended, once again i would like to give thanks to all of you who are viewing this little tale.

To those who took the time to leave comments, a very special thank you. it does mean a lot to me. Hearing your thoughts on character and plot developments makes me happy, because i know that i am not alone in feeling so invested in these people and their lives. To paraphrase, 'any resemblance to persons living, dead, or undead is entirely intentional'.

<3 to you all !

*203*2013-10-11 06:38

Ahh, my little angels, demons, and everything in between...

This week's chapter of SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD is ready to post a tad earlier than usual.

Hopefully it will amuse you.

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 23)

AXIS OF EVIL

Cannes, present day

(sound track: Philip Glass String Quartet #2, performed by the ReDo Quartet)

%http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzOyo7NoSBQ

Judith was seated regally on the couch facing the stage at Le Petit Bal, her unlaced leather boots beside it and her bare feet propped up on the pale, prone bodies of the two half-naked young girls who were lying silently on their forearms and knees facing away from each other almost motionless beneath her.

The girls were silent because they were both gagged, the round red rubber balls fastened securely around their heads with black leather straps. They were almost motionless because they were both tightly bound by black nylon ropes tied in an intricate manner by a very proficient devotee of the art of shibari.

They were not quite motionless, however, because they both needed to urinate badly, but were being forced to hold it, and had been holding desperately for quite some time now. As a result, both of them were leaking pee into their panties and trembling uncontrollably, and that trembling was providing a nice foot massage to Judith.

As she rubbed her hands together and then clapped loudly, Kris appeared from backstage, holding a leash to which a hooded male figure was tethered on the opposite end. Besides the hood, which covered his entire head, he was wearing only a pair of cutoff jeans. He was bleeding from many small cuts on various parts of his body. His chest, arms and thighs had been lacerated repeatedly, and although none of the cuts were deep enough to do much more than show the faintest trail of blood, like paper cuts they were all extremely painful.

The cuts were all healing rapidly, however, leaving a brand new collection of fine scar lines added to the latticework of old ones which were already present all over his body.

Kris was a real expert in the art of causing maximum pain with minimum damage to her victims.

It was a skill that served them well in their bizarre enterprise: choreographing entertaining spectacles to amuse jaded, sadistic vampires.

And while there were others who provided such services, Judith and Kris were renowned far and wide as the best in the business, because their shows always went on longer, their victims’ suffering prolonged sometimes for days if the price was right. This was made possible by the special twist they alone were willing to introduce: instead of the human victims that the other shows used, they tortured other vampires.

A vampire’s capacity for pain and regenerative powers allowed for shows of almost infinite duration, as long as the tormentor could remain within bounds and not lose their head in the moment.

Here, once again, Kris was an expert; while she got an almost sexual thrill out of causing pain, she was always careful to inflict just enough at any given moment to keep the show interesting to their audience, without ever getting carried away herself.

It was a rare talent, truly, Judith thought.

“So, how do you like my boy toy?”

The thin, pale, bald headed vampire had a sardonic smile on his lips as he spoke.

”I have been training him for quite some time now; it’s taken a while to break him, he was somewhat tougher than most.”

“He seems to have a good threshold, and I do like the way he whimpers and shakes once we’ve gotten past it,” Kris said. ”But he’s no Vicky. Then again, neither are these two worthless bitches,” she said, gesturing contemptuously towards the girls at Judith’s feet.

Just as Kris said that, the girl on the left shuddered and made a whimpering sound of her own that was audible even through her gag as she lost control and began to void the contents of her bladder, the hot urine soaking her panties and the ropes which tightly pressed against them before spraying out from between her legs in a violent arc towards the second bound girl’s privates.

As the unfortunate girl’s pee splashed against the other girl’s bottom and then dripped down onto the floor beneath her, Kris laughed evilly and sneered, “What did I just tell you? Worthless… Vicky could hold for an eternity compared to either of these two.”

As if to prove her point, she then suddenly reached down and tugged violently on the black nylon rope which securely connected the other kneeling girl’s arms to each other and then ran up between her parted thighs and over her back.

Right on cue, the second girl gasped behind her ball gag as the rope bit sharply into both her privates and her distended belly, and her poor over-full bladder contracted in a spasm.

Unable to prevent it in any way, the floodgates opened wide within her as she began to wet herself, spraying hot pee onto the bottom and privates of the first girl as well.

A large puddle was now forming beneath the two bound and helpless girls as they twisted, wriggled, and strained against the ropes which held them fast while the flow of clear, hot, fragrant pee continued to stream from their bodies as if Kris had suddenly turned the handle of an invisible tap.

“Absolutely worthless… by the way, you’ll both be punished for your loss of control later,” Kris said rather gleefully to the two girls, who were still wetting but unable to enjoy the satisfaction of their release due to their awareness of the harsh consequences that would ensue from it.

Finally the flow of urine abated slightly then slowed, ending in a gentle drip, drip, drip from their fully soaked matching black nylon thong panties to the floor below.

“Ahh, yes, little Victoria. Her holding capacity and ability, combined with her aptitude for taking pain… one like that comes along only once in a generation or two,” Cestus replied, pointedly ignoring the pool of clear urine which was spreading beneath the two bound girls at Judith's feet.

“My guests are still talking about that last show of hers, the one at which that Oliveiros woman won the bid for her. Quelle nuit, quelle spectacle!”

“What if I told you that we could have a show like that on a regular basis?” Judith smiled evilly.

“In order for that to happen, we would need the other one too, that girl Erica. I’m sure Madame Oliveiros would not be so keen on that idea, yes?”

“Oh, I have plans for her as well,” Judith said, and little Kris grinned just as evilly as she took a razor-sharp fingernail and dragged it across the chest of the boy on the leash, causing him to flinch as she did.

“We’re going to destroy Hannah Oliveiros, and enslave her sisters! And once that’s done, I have a little score of my own to settle with those humans.”

Kris spat those last words.

She still remembered what the Kushkin twins had done to her the last time they had met. They had caught her totally off-guard, and her humiliating defeat at their hands still rankled her bitterly.

Now Judith had finally hatched a plan that would give them their revenge.

“Yes,” Judith added, “… and you’re going to help us.”

“Now, why would I ever agree to take on an enforcer, pray tell?”

From his seat in the thickly padded maroon armchair on the other side of the room, Cestus waved a pale, bony hand at Judith dismissively.

“I lead a comfortable and quiet existence here in Cannes; the Elders don’t ever interfere with my business, and I see no reason to draw attention to myself in any way.”

“Taking Oliveiros on alone would be suicide, I agree. But her clan is weak right now; her sisters are both young, and quite inexperienced as fighters,” Judith said.

“If we issued a clan challenge she would be hard pressed to come up with the required number, and might actually have to forfeit, in which case we would win without a fight. If by some miracle she could field enough fighters, she’d be too busy protecting them to offer much resistance herself, and while she was distracted, she would be a much easier target.”

“Hmmm…. that might actually work,” Cestus mused.

“But what would be in it for me, if I did decide to chance it?”

“I would offer you a stake in the ownership of the two girls, Vicky and Erica.”

“A stake,” Cestus laughed, baring his yellowed fangs.

“I am not really fond of that term. Let us instead call it a ‘percentage’.”

“Call it whatever you like… say 70/30 split?”

“50/50, or we have no deal,“ the thin, bald vampire said, laughing again.

“The potential profit must outweigh the risk; that is only sound business practice.”

“Half of something is better than all of nothing,” Kris murmured. “We need him.”

“Alright, 50/50 then… do we have a deal?” Judith asked.

“I haven’t fought for a long time; it’s been too long, really. I think I shall enjoy winning those two little girls as prizes, and everything we shall put them through afterwards.”

As he thought of the pain and suffering that would be inflicted on Vicky and Erica for the amusement of his clients, he smiled in sadistic anticipation.

“We have a deal.”

In a flash, Cestus was behind Judith, and had bitten deeply into her neck with his yellowed fangs, drawing a mouthful of blood. He swallowed it and then licked his lips approvingly.

‘MMmmmm, not bad at all.”

Oh, my demons, Kris thought, laughing to herself.

He’s wicked fast… didn’t see that coming at all.

He then offered Judith a small sample of his blood from a pinpricked fingertip. She rubbed at her neck, in shock at the thin bald vampire’s speed and strength, before taking what he gave her.

“We are legitimately clanned now; the forms must always be obeyed. Shall we celebrate?” he said, as he gestured at Kris to bring the hooded boy slave closer.

It was going to be a long night.

<to be continued> \/###\/

Comments welcomed !

*209*2013-10-13 03:15

{{: 

Im only at Chapter 2 but .... holy shit this is going to be awesome ^^ .

Nice Work :D.

}}

Thanks... welcome to the story, and i'm glad you are enjoying it so far !

*210*2013-10-13 19:42

{{: 

All I got to say is "Gasp!" lol

}}

And Kris didn't even have to pull on your rope, either !

*213*2013-10-16 14:40

Apologies for being late with my thanks this week; it's been rather hectic, and i'm working hard on the next chapter of this story... but just know that i appreciate every single view and every single comment from you all !

Thank you from the bottom of my heart...

<3,

Frosty

*214*2013-10-18 06:33

9797 views... most sincere thanks to you all, and i hope you enjoy this latest chapter of the story !

<3 !!!

SISTERHOOD OF BLOOD (Pt. 24)

WHEN IN ROME (Kat)

(sound track: Africa (alt. take), by John Coltrane)

$iframe width="459" height="344" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/8J4YZwFa_1w?feature=oembed"

NYC, present day

We were all together in that huge old warehouse on the Brooklyn waterfront: Kat, the twins, Vicky, River, Hannah and I.

Hannah had bought the building some time after her very first mission, the one where she had been sent up against the rogue vampire known as Lucifer, had ended so very badly for her.

I wasn’t sure exactly why she had chosen the scene of her only defeat as an enforcer as the place to use as her training ground; it certainly brought back unpleasant memories for me.

The last time I’d been here, I was trying to get my lover and maker’s unconscious and shattered body off of the roof before the rapidly approaching sunrise incinerated her, turning her into a pile of smoking ash. We had made it, just barely.

I had grabbed her, held her close to me, and teleported us both down inside the building, deep into the shadows below.

I could still vividly remember the searing pain of that effort, the way it had tortured my body to move both of us through space that way, and the suffering I had endured for many days afterwards, my entire nervous system completely out of whack as I trembled and cramped and shivered and sweated like a heroin addict going through severe withdrawal.

Luckily, Hannah had recovered quickly from her own injuries, since they were only broken bones.

She tended to me as I lay there helpless, barely able to move, frequently wetting myself because I couldn’t even muster the strength to get up to go to the bathroom.

It had almost destroyed me to move us both that far.

Teleporting was hard enough to do by yourself; moving another person with you…

Well, let’s just say it wasn’t recommended, and leave it at that.

I certainly knew why after that experience and I wasn’t eager to recall it, much less repeat it.

I hadn’t been back there since that time, but now I had to put all that aside, and focus on the task at hand.

We were training for a battle.

River was breathing hard with the effort of holding the long katana upright.

The sword was mine, and it had been forged and balanced by the great Hattori Hanzo himself. It was a fine weapon, but although River and I were just about the same size and she was surprisingly strong for her tiny stature, I was far stronger, and she was having a lot of trouble managing to hold it correctly, much less wield it.

Both Hannah and I were starting to worry, even though she was eager enough.

We had put off the clan challenge for a couple of months; just long enough for us to train together, and get everyone honed and ready to fight, but it still wasn’t going to be enough time to commission Hanzo-Sama to craft a sword specifically for her, and nothing we had in our arsenal seemed to suit her.

Petra and Vicky, on the other hand… it was as if they had been reborn as Japanese samurai, the way they had so rapidly become adept at using this type of sword.

Peter had chosen a 1912 pattern British Cavalry saber; his large hands had no trouble with the long, heavy blade whatsoever. In his former life as a cavalry soldier, he had already had training with that weapon. Even though for all intents and purposes it was only a ceremonial thing to be worn when the occasion called for full formal dress uniform, Peter had taken the sword quite seriously and had studied its use with a fencing master, and so he had chosen that instead of a katana.

River dropped the long sword to her side, panting.

“I’m sorry, I just can’t use this!” she cried, clear sapphire blue tears of frustration welling up in her beautiful eyes.

“Hannah picked blades, so you have to fight with one.”

I said it sadly, feeling as if I had sentenced her to destruction in the upcoming battle.

She laid the katana down carefully on the low table after sheathing it, and then she suddenly disappeared, teleporting to who knew where.

Kat lowered her twin swords slowly, a concerned look on her face.

This upcoming battle, and worrying about River… it had brought back other, more distant memories.

Her chosen weapon betrayed her true age; she had a short gladius in either hand. They were blades that had once seen the dirt, sweat and blood of the magnificent Colosseum in ancient Rome, in the hands of one of the greatest female gladiators to ever enter that arena...

ROME, circa 81 AD

... An arena lit by torches, the shouts of the unruly crowd, her defeated opponent lying at her bare feet, her blades raised and waiting for the Emperor’s decision…

“ACHILLIA!… ACHILLIA!… ACHILLIA!”

Her sandy blonde hair fell to her shoulders, unrestrained by any protective headgear. She wore only a brief loincloth, and the leather wrappings around her arms and legs that were permitted a Dimachaerus, one who fights with two swords.

Pairings were often deliberately unequal, pitting a smaller, lighter, faster combatant against a larger, much more heavily armored opponent.

She was barefoot, bareheaded, and her small conical breasts were exposed to the lewd stares of the crowd.

“Why have female gladiators at all if the spectators can’t tell the difference?” her tutor had replied when she had once questioned why she would be wearing so little into the arena.

Her initial shame had soon disappeared, however, replaced by a sense of pride in her hard body, and her arousal from the knowing that she titillated the crowd with her appearance as much as she impressed them with her skill.

A patrician woman was not supposed to engage in such pursuits, but she had reached an arrangement with a retired local lanista in the provinces who was now serving as a tutor in the collegia iuvenum, and during sojourns at her senator husband’s country estate she had begun training, no longer content to merely watch from the stands while the fighting went on beneath her seat.

She had shown talent, and she had worked hard; first sparring with other, more experienced Amazones, then engaging in real combat in the provincial arenas where no one knew her real name or status.

Her husband was content to have her away from Rome for as long as she wished… she could not bear him children, and he preferred to dally with slave girls and boys for his pleasure in any case. Unlike many other young wives who had been abandoned by their husbands, she had not taken a lover, and so her daily life had become predictable, devoid of excitement and joy, until the day her best friend had invited her to accompany her and her husband to watch the local gladiator games.

Claudia had only wanted someone to talk to and to keep her company, since it was required that she be seen by her husband’s side in any case, and her old childhood friend was happy to have a diversion of any kind.

Catulla found herself captivated by the spectacle, however.

Those hard muscled bodies joined in violent struggle, the unmistakable odor of sweat, and blood, and even urine as bladders voided in fear, or pain, or even release after death... this was real drama, nothing like the plays her husband was so fond of.

‘Tragedy’, indeed… the only tragedy was his preference for the theatre over this, the true drama: life or death right there before one’s very eyes.

She became addicted to the games, attending every one given… but before too long simply watching would no longer suffice. She fantasized about being in the arena herself, a sword in her hand, her life on the line, and the thought alone was enough to make her feel alive again. An unfamiliar and very pleasant warmth was starting to make itself known between her thighs as she pressed them together beneath her silk stola and her tunic, picturing herself standing there nearly naked, a sword in her hand.

She made discreet inquiries, and finally found a man who would take her on as a student, even though he had at first complained that she was too old…

She had been only seventeen at the time; Oh my Heavenly Goddess Minerva!

She had dedicated herself to Minerva, goddess of wisdom and warfare, hoping to become strong and wise in the ways of combat, and in time, the goddess had rewarded her with plentiful gifts of fortitude and skills beyond belief.

She felt herself a mere vessel, an oracle through whom the Goddess spoke in deed rather than in word. This being so, each victory was due to Her favor and Catulla, now known as the Amazone Achillia, would always give proper thanks as she raised her swords in the arena, and proper tribute in Minerva’s temples afterwards.

Word of her prowess had spread quickly.

A gladiatrix pairing was always extremely popular with the crowd and her skill combined with her beauty soon commanded the top price, but she did not fight for money; money she had, and ample to both her basic needs and her desires.

The denarii she earned in the arena she freely gave to her lanista friend, who had trained her and now acted as her manager, arranging her upcoming matches and keeping her true identity a closely guarded secret… until now.

She kept only enough to pay travel expenses, a good doctor to see to the few wounds she received in battle, a masseuse to soothe her tired muscles, and for the upkeep of her equipment. Even though her husband had never kept a close watch on how his money was spent, her own sense of honour would not permit her to spend even the smallest part of his sizeable personal fortune on her secret pastime.

This was something that belonged to her, and to her alone.

But now, she was in the provinces no more…

As her fame had spread, finally she had piqued the curiosity of the Emperor Domitian, who wished to see this Achillia for himself.

He had arranged for her to be brought to Rome, to fight in the new Flavian Amphitheatre… and there was no way for her to refuse. Now she was trapped, for it would be impossible for her to conceal her identity any longer.

She had prayed to the Goddess, she had cried hot tears like a little girl in the arms of dear Claudia, the only one besides her lanista who was privy to her secret… but one did not refuse the Emperor anything, especially if one was a lowly lanista from the provinces with a good fighter in one’s stable.

Normally, this would have been the chance of a lifetime for the lucky lanista and his favoured fighter, but for Catulla, it would be the end of life as she had known it.

She was to fight in the largest arena in the Empire, in Rome, in front of the Emperor, yes; but also in front of the noble senators and the equestrii who were friends of her husband, in front of the shopkeepers from whom she purchased their food and clothing, and before the common rabble as well, almost naked and without a helmet or mask to cover her features. Her husband would be humiliated, and she herself would be disgraced; her life as a patrician would be finished after this.

The lanista knew this also, and he had begged her to simply vanish, vowing to make some excuse to the Emperor, but Catulla suspected that there would be severe consequences for him if he did not appear on the appointed day along with his vaunted gladiatrix.

Most likely he would be put to the sword... if he were lucky.

If not, he would be tortured for days first. The Emperor was reputed to be quite cruel when his caprices and desires were not met promptly and with great enthusiasm.

And so she had appeared, and she had fought, and she had been victorious.

Now she waited on the decision, her twin blades raised in triumph, her foe lying at her bare feet, her hard muscled body streaked with the dirt and sweat and blood of combat for the last time… the crowd shouting the name she had been given, the flickering light of the torches illuminating the darkness; she drank it all in… for the last time.

###

As the crowd continued to chant her name, they raised their thumbs up, calling for a missio.

The girl at her feet had fought bravely, and a gladiatrix was a rare enough thing these days that they did not want to see one wasted, especially not one as lovely and as talented as her opponent had been.

Catulla had had to work hard for her victory this time, sustaining a few wounds and gaining great respect for her adversary in the process. She had no desire to put this girl to death, and so she was happy that the crowd called for mercy.

The final decision belonged to the Emperor, however, and now she and the entire arena looked to him expectantly as he stood and held out his right hand horizontally with his thumb extended, pausing theatrically to prolong the drama of the moment before rendering his verdict.

Normally, the editor would simply confirm the decision of the crowd, life or death by popular vote.

As Catulla kept one sword raised above her head, she lowered the other and glanced down at the girl at her feet. She was exceptionally pretty, her dark brown hair set off by eyes that were an unusual shade of green, almost like the rare jade stones from the east, her skin tanned.

Was she a slave who had been forced into this life, or another patrician girl just as she herself had once been, Catulla wondered. The girl had scars that attested to the fact that this was not her first time in the arena, a fact confirmed by her exceptional fighting skill.

She smiled up at Catulla, gracious even in defeat.

This young girl was accepting whatever the outcome might be; she had fought bravely, giving honour to the Goddess Minerva while earning the same for herself.

Catulla looked up towards the Emperor once more, only to see his thumb now turning downwards. He had decreed that her opponent be put to death, despite the crowd’s desire for mercy.

She raised her second blade above her head, poised and ready to strike the death blow, time seeming to come to a standstill for a moment.

Would this be how she would be remembered, as an instrument of imperial whim?

This girl deserved a better fate, and in any case, her own career was finished, her marriage was over, and if her life were to be forfeit as well, so be it…

Alea jacta est, she thought.

Catulla sheathed one of her swords behind her back, and extended a hand to the supine girl.

The girl took her hand gratefully and with Catulla’s help, she rose to her feet in the center of the great arena as the crowd roared its approval of this outcome. Catulla then raised both arms while still grasping the other Amazone’s hand firmly so that it too was raised in a victory salute.

The chant began: “MISSIO ! MISSIO! MISSIO!”

Louder and louder it grew, until it was a deafening roar that could not be denied.

The Emperor had at first been angry that this Achillia had dared to defy his wishes, but he was nonetheless a shrewd politician and quickly determined how to make the best of this situation.

He gestured for silence, quickly bringing both the rabble and the nobles alike under his spell.

“Achillia, you are wise indeed! Acknowledging the worth of your foe, and rendering honor to her and to the Goddess you both serve, you bring honor to yourself as well!"

The Emperor spoke thusly, his powerful voice somehow carrying to the furthest reaches of the Colosseum.

"I declare the slave Amazone now to be Rudiaria; she has earned her freedom since you in your wisdom have seen fit to grant her a new life!”

The crowd now roared again, their desire for drama more than sated.

They had first witnessed a mighty match, and now here was an ending that was the stuff of legend! This story would be told again and again: the tale of a gladiatrix whose sense of justice and mercy had convinced the Emperor himself to change his decision.

The granting of the rudis was a fairly unusual occurrence.

It was a diversion for the crowd and required that all due pomp and ceremony be rendered.

The games paused as the Emperor now proceeded to the center of the arena to present the slave girl Amazone with the short wooden sword.

To an enslaved gladiator, receiving the rudis meant that he was no longer a slave, but had now become a free man - a Rudiarius.

As the beautiful girl took the rudis from the Emperor's hand, she gestured towards Catulla with the other, the crowd's cheering growing now, becoming even more deafening than before.

She turned to Catulla and smiled again, then turned away and walked from the arena as a free woman, without ever once looking back.

And the multitude in the arena chanted their names; they had become immortal now, idolized by the mob.

###

The large estate in the suburbs of Rome stood in stark contrast to the noisy, brightly lit arena when Catulla returned home. It was dark, and silent, no torches lit and no one to greet her as she had walked along the paved stones leading to the house, her sandals making a soft slapping noise which sounded overly loud to her ears. She carried her two swords in their sheaths, her loincloth, and her arm and leg wrappings in a linen sack on her back and she was now clothed modestly in a cotton stola, complete with a palla on top and a silk tunic and loincloth underneath them. It was a warm night, and she was perspiring slightly; the long walk from the end of the public road where the lanista and she had parted ways was slightly uphill and she was already tired from her exertions in the arena earlier.

A dark house, no torches lit... where was her husband, where were their servants, she wondered as she entered their silent abode. It was just as well that there was no one about, for she was exhausted and yearned only for the softness of her bed.

She was actually glad that she would not have to face her husband just yet, although the news of her appearance in the arena must surely have reached his ears rapidly enough. Rome was rife with gossip, it was like sport to some, a pastime to others; good reputations destroyed forever in a brief instant with a careless or malicious word...

She removed the belt below her small bosom and the wider one at her waist, then unclasped the fibulae at her shoulders which held her sleeveless stola in place. It fell to the floor, leaving her clad only in her tunic and loincloth.

She got into her bed. Tomorrow there would be time to face the consequences of her actions; for now all she wanted was sleep, and the Goddess mercifully granted her this boon.

Her eyes closed, the world disappeared...

She was suddenly roused from a deep slumber by rough hands seizing her and dragging her from her bed. Extremely groggy, she had no chance to fight back before she was bound hand and foot and gagged, then taken along the now torchlit passageways of her house and thrown over the back of a horse as if she were a sack of lime mortar being taken to a construction site. It was not to a construction site that she was being taken, however. The horse, its rider and its cargo were headed deep into the woods outside the gates of the city.

###

The pain was unbelievable.

She had been attached to the trunk of an old thick tree by means of nails driven through her hands, her arms raised above her head and affixed there in what seemed a parody of a victory salute, her legs tied spread apart to expose her naked privates and the slave brand which had been burned into her inner thighs, her silk tunic and loincloth torn from her body and left at her feet, along with the sack containing her gladiatorial possessions.

She had been scourged as well, her back now flayed, cut, and bleeding profusely.

“If you wish to act as a man, then you shall also be punished as one,” her husband had said, although he had been too weak or cowardly to wield the flagellum himself.

Instead, he had paid four soldiers quite handsomely to do the work of abducting her, and all the rest, including their silence about what had occurred.

Abandoned to her fate deep in the woods, Catulla was now weak and ready to pass out from loss of blood, and she prayed to the Goddess Minerva for deliverance from this torture.

She heard a sound behind her, a soft rustling sound.

Suddenly, there was someone there… it was the girl from the arena, the one she had fought, the one whose life she had spared in defiance of the Emperor’s whim.

I must be dreaming, or already dead, Catulla thought to herself.

“This is no dream,” the girl said softly.

“I followed you home, meaning to thank you, but waited outside, for I could not enter uninvited. Then I witnessed all that has happened since."

She raised a hand to Catulla’s forehead, brushing her sandy blonde hair back from her face.

“Oh, Achillia, what they have done to you… we shall make them pay dearly for it!”

“My life is ended, sweet one…” Catulla whispered, her voice hoarse and broken.

“Go now, and live for the both of us.”

“No, not ended... only changed from what you have hitherto known."

The young girl smiled somewhat sadly, baring her snow white fangs.

"You set me free, and I shall do what I can to repay you. Goddess grant that it may suffice, and that you shall forgive me for what I must now do.”

She sank her fangs into Catulla’s neck, piercing the jugular vein, and drank deeply of her blood.

<to be continued> \/###\/

*221*2013-10-21 12:18

A very good morning to you all, dearest friends, fans and fiends !

I would like to thank every single one of you who checked in to read this story, even those of you who might have come here expecting something different, or were simply lost...

In any event, this tale has now gone over 10K views here, with another 5K in the Fiction section, so i have to believe at least a few folks are enjoying it, and that being the case, i'll get back to work on the next chapter. i appreciate you staying with me through the passages that aren't so omo oriented, too.

And very special thanks to those of you that took the time to leave me a comment; they mean so much to me !

