The Search Begins

Author: Night Rain

*000*2015-02-13 21:15

Hello all, I've decided to start a side-story of sorts staring one of my characters from the 'Meeting of Fate' series. Which I'm sure you've seen around the forums or in the fiction section. I hope those who read this first part will enjoy it as I'm looking to expand and start something meaningful once again.

It was a dark and cloudy night in the city of St Augusta the beautiful white moon was full and bathed. The city in its ever lasting light the cities light shinned ever so brightly filling the night with their light a gentle breeze blew across the city. Making the leaves on the trees dance with joy as they moved about from side to side. Deep in the middle of St. Augusta on the many building stood a young girl.

She has long pink hair. The long pink locks had been carefully and expertly formed into tight ringlets, a tedious process that only the nobility had any time for. Reaching to the middle of her small back. Her eyelashes are neatly curved, and her thin, curved eyebrows fit perfectly on her beautiful face. Her gently slanted, almond-shaped eyes were a piercing blue deeper than any ocean and more shimmering than the sky on its clearest day and black darker than the night itself, both were crowned by long dark lashes and delicately arched brows. A small, sharp and well-formed nose and thin, pinkish lips complete her beautiful face.

Her nose was delicate and small, her jaw line smoothes and perfect. Her lips were full and pouty, painted a deep, shiny red that contrasted beautifully with her flawless pale skin and her eyelids had been lightly dusted with the subtlest of blue paints. She was very slim, her body is fit but still extremely curvaceous, a figure to haunt the dreams of any girl who lied eyes on her for the rest of his life. Her small waist and taut stomach widening into slim yet perfectly rounded hips which, in turn led into the perfect, firm, round ass and a pair of magnificently toned, long and silk smooth legs. She would been an early bloomer and her body was fully that of a woman.

The girl was around 12 years of age and was dressed in a short red dress with accents of pale gold, white, and black. It is very frilly and has big puffy sleeves that match. Attached from the chest and going passed the shoulders are black straps to match the frilly collar wore on her neck. In the center of it is a magenta cross lined in black. She wears red and black shoes with gold on the heel and a single, big gold orb tongue, along with tall white socks.

Closing her eyes for just a second she feels the gentle breeze blow across her beautiful form. Her long hair dances behind her as the very wind itself carlessess it like a lover her dress blow up for a moment to show a cute pair of frilly white lace panties. Which hug her mound nicely she enjoys the feel of these underwear on her very skin. Opening her eyes she looks down on the city below her watching all the pathetic forms of life go about their everyday business.

'Lowly worms" She hissed.

All the while feeling annoyed at the recent events that had brought her out here in this friday night. She was on a mission of sorts her father had tasked her with the finding and locating. Of another girl known only as Ariel Winter the reason for this mission was that her father wanted. Ariel brought in for testing he had recently lost his youngest daughter and her younger sister Marici. To a terrible fate you see Marici had been struck down in battle during a tournament of sorts among other magical girls or 'empowered ones' as they liked to be called.

Her father would not say the main reason for why her wanted Ariel. But Kara wished to know why her relationship with her father as of late had turned rather nasty. He would often would beat her when he was angry and he was angry a lot lately. Kara shuddered at the thought of remembering a practice match against her father. Where things had taken on a dark turn her father Kale had beaten her down to several inches of her life.Leaving Kara a bloody mess on the battleground floor.

"I will no except weakness from you Kara" He had snapped at her.

Kale wanted a strong daughter and poured all his anger and hated into Kara. Training her to become stronger and stronger as she was the next in line to take over the family business. When she turned 18. Another breeze snapped Kara out of her latest thoughts she sighed and jumped from the roof of the building she was standing on.

*002*2015-02-25 05:18

{{:

I'm not familiar with Meeting of Fate, but I'd love to see this story continue. The descriptions were amazing and I would very much like to see where you take Kara!

}}

Just look up Meeting of Fate in the search bar and you will be-able to read the first 12 chapters of the story. I may come around to continuing this at a later date.

