Human Inefficiency

Author: Impressa

*000*2013-08-21 22:46

Here goes with something I've been meaning to write for a while.

Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap-drip. Tap-drip-drip. Tap-drip-tap.

For the first perhaps half hour of the rain, she tried to count the intervals between droplets falling on the roof and seeping through to fall loudly against the floor. This was her new home. A cold damp place of bare concrete that-

Tap-drip-tap.

Water cold against the back of her neck, getting somehow underneath her tight bodysuit as it licked the stamp-sized patch of bare skin between her hair and her collar. She could feel the raindrop under the form-fitting cool material as an even colder ribbon dragged down her spine, and squirmed a little until the sensation was gone. This was certainly going to be enjoyable.

She was perfect, way beyond human in strength and agility and - she knew this from the looks she got in nightclubs - beauty. Skin perfectly milky-pale and never going to age. Her left arm and leg smooth ceramic with - and apparently this was someone's fetish, as a stumbling salaryman deeply drunk had confessed - the thin lines of doll-like artificial joints. One eye a microscopic camera, fitting behind a glowing blue visor. She had been tested in this harsh world and come out so much the better for it.

Perhaps those parts of her left untouched - the inner workings, those that left her able to get drunk, to need food and so on - were inefficiences. She knew comrades who had had their entire bodies pared down to efficient, cold machinery.

She liked fallibility, liked the discomforts of humanity. Liked-

Drip-drip-drip.

She had somehow managed to find a place where the roof leaked more than anywhere else in her shifting about. Her hair - a mixture of the genuine article and soft synthetics - caught the rain and fell in lank clumps over her "good" (of course, worse in technical terms) eye.

This, then, this cold shell of a building, was where she was staying. Checking her rifle, and all the other sundries of equipment she would need for this stakeout, she settled down into a corner where there was thankfully a good roof, and waited.

Listening, of course, to the rain.

###

It didn't take much more than an hour or so for the four, five maybe? It couldn't have been more than five, I'd feel it if it was. Five, yes. Five thin, flat beers she'd enjoyed as a last home comfort in the dive-iest of sump bars before setting out to this stupid, stupid stakeout, to work their way into a nagging discomfort in her abdomen. Not that bad, thankfully, not I've got-to-go-miss-please-miss bad that would have her dashing for the nearest useful cover, just the sort of dull reminder - hey, remember us? - that had she been on a long car trip as a child would have been an invitation to bad traffic and closed rest stops.

She'd put up with worse. Had to, in fact. Often voluntarily, and not just on missions. Crammed into a booth watching an idol sing, with the floor heaving and the lights low and everything so loud there was no way you could get to the ladies' even if it was urgent. Of course, in some of the bars she'd drunk in you held it because you just didn't go into the washroom. Involuntarily she rubbed her thighs together, feeling the slight resistance of her bodysuit as she did.

Drip-drip-tap-drip.

The rain must have been getting heavier and each drip was becoming a drip-splash as puddles formed on the floor. It was that - that fluid impact and ripple - that wasn't fun. Each one - and they were so frequent now - was a teasing reminder of what might happen if she didn't do what had to be done.

She bit her lip, perfect teeth drawing a drop of blood from perfect deep apple-red lips. This was one of those times that human inefficiency was less amusing.

The urge was growing - not a lot, it was now probably at the stage where had she been younger she'd have been looking urgently around for that blessed sign of the stick-figure woman, or if she could see one trying to summon up the courage to ask to go. But now it couldn't be ignored, and it was going to - if she didn't do anything - go from a reminder to something far, far more painful.

###

She held out - held out in the noble, demure sense that a "proper lady" might, that is keeping her hands well away from down there and not even deigning to cross her legs - for only fifteen minutes more. It was a common joke about those cheap beers that they recycled straight through you and back into the tap for the next go around. Then the situation began to worsen.

Her hiding-place was well-sighted over what she was looking at - on the condition she stayed in one room, and that was this one with the leaky roof. Now it was simple logic that if you were going to stay in one place for a long time - and with a job like this it was going to be a day or two - you didn't piss in the same room as you had to wait in.

So this left her in something of a predicament. Going next door to ease herself would, of course, leave her not at her post. Acceptable, perhaps, at night - when there was not going to be anything to look at in the office block she was watching. But right now, this was the sort of time (and the clock in her visor reminded her of this) that she needed to be at that post, watching the movements of her target. It was also the sort of time that if anyone was looking for her, they'd see movement.

Without even thinking a hand was between her legs, pressing tightly. The need had gone far beyond should probably find a ladies' soon, girl, and straight into there's gonna be a flood.

Had this been that hypothetical car ride, and there had been many such real ones in her childhood, she'd have been bouncing in her seat pleading for someone to pull over.

Dripdripdripdrip.

A deluge of water hit the back of her neck and the shock killed her concentration dead. Before she could relax she felt a sudden slip of relief, and then a warm rivulet down her thigh, down past her knee and - for of course a combat suit wasn't absorbent, straight into her high-heeled boot. Wonderful.

There was a frantic scrabbling of eyes-closed prayer and a burning stabbing as she stopped the trickle becoming a torrent.

She had to wait. The target would leave the office in half an hour, that she knew, and then - if he wasn't in view - she could dash next door and tear down that zipper and squat and let her own deluge join the falling rain. She tried to keep that thought out of mind almost immediately she had it because the thought of a deluge invited one in her clothing.

Minutes dragged by in painful squirming, all sense of propriety abandoned. This was an emergency, and needed desperate measures.

Then an idea formed. There was a cleaning-bucket, rusted and battered, but nevertheless right there. Within arm's reach.

One hand still clamped right where it was needed, she reached for it with the other and managed to maneuver it into position without ever taking her eyes off the building. Quite an achievement, she thought. They don't give medals for that. Successfully took a piss while keeping her eyes on the target. Easy for a man, probably. Very, very difficult for a woman.

Even harder if you couldn't unfasten your zipper.

She had to run that through her head again. The zipper on the front of her bodysuit was definitely not moving.

No. Nonononononono.

This is impossible.

She tugged at it again, feeling the slightest of movement and then the grinding of caught teeth. She couldn't refasten it the half-inch it had moved, couldn't continue it downwards. Definitely couldn't slip out of the suit like this.

I'm sorry, bladder, kidneys, I'm really sorry but this isn't a good time for you to come calling like this, can we have a little rethink of this? Please?

Her need was well into please miss I'm bursting miss I can't hold it any longer, well into tears in the back of the car and a frantic search for a bottle or plastic bag.

Well into you should have gone before you came out.

She crossed her legs and sighed, hoping the zipper would in time unstick itself just for a brief moment before - as with a dripdripdrip-splash a fresh load of rainwater fell on her head - her all too human body said no.

She didn't fight it. The liquid ran in numerous thin lines down her legs, pooling at her feet and slowly - so slowly her first indiscretion was just making itself known - seeping through. Laying back down, feeling in fact quite a lot more comfortable just for a moment - she felt the warm liquid slosh into the toe of her boots, and knew this was definitely going to not be a fun job.

*005*2013-08-27 21:31

{{:

Very well written. Any chance you'll write a 'part 2'?

}}

Quite likely - I'm glad people liked it! To be fair sci-fi, with its sexy but impractical outfits and cool and collected robot girls, is a pretty good setting for this kind of story (in my mind, anyway).

