Aman's Bad Luck

Author: HoneyBunny

*000*2012-04-22 17:18

Finally, the story you've all been waiting for! It's the story I promised like a month ago, sorry for the wait! Enjoy!

...

Aman sat in her room, writing in her journal. It was the middle of the night, and she had just finished her training for the day. Her brother Atem shared the room with her, sleeping in the bed by the other wall. She smiled at him, turning back to her journal.

He thinks he can take me on whenever he wants, she wrote. Just wait until we get outside tomorrow, I'll leave him a big surprise...

She felt a small but troublesome pain in her lower abdomen, signaling that her bladder was full. Thinking back to when the last time she had visited the bathroom, she realized that she hadn't gone all day and drunk something almost every hour. "Bad idea," she said to herself, getting up and heading for the door.

"Where are you going at this time of night, Aman?" a voice asked. She froze, slowly turning to Atem. He was looking directly at her, his eyes sleepy and red.

"I'm going to the bathroom," she said. "I haven't gone all day."

He stood up, stretching. "You can't wait? There is no light in the hallways, so you'll have trouble seeing."

"I'll take my chances." Aman turned to the door and placed her hand on the doorknob, intending on opening it when she suddenly felt two arms snake around her waist. They pushed on her bladder, making her wince.

"You know," Atem said, nuzzling Aman's neck, "You look cute when you're a little jumpy."

"Jumpy? Who said I was jumpy?" Of course, now she was squirming a little, especially since her brother's arms were applying pressure on her bladder.

He chuckled. "Stay a little longer, Aman. You should be able to hold it, right?"

"I've been holding it all day! I can wait, but it's a little painful!"

He chuckled again. "Good. Now I can have some fun with you." Dragging Aman away from the door, Atem sat her on his bed, making sure that she didn't get up. She squirmed, crossing her legs and bouncing them around.

"Ooh, I was wrong when I said I could wait a little longer. I have to go now!"

"Well, too bad, you're going to have to hold it."

She groaned and tried to run to the door, but Atem was faster. He grabbed her wrist, pulling her back onto the bed and placing her in his lap. She whimpered, rubbing her legs together.

"You have to hold it. For trying to run away, you're going to get punished."

Aman paled. "What do you mean 'punished'?"

Atem smirked, reaching under the bed. He pulled out a jug of water, which Aman paled to. "You're going to drink this," he said.

She paled more. "All of it?"

He nodded. "Yes, every last drop that's in there." He handed her the jug. She took it with one hand, clenching her thighs together at the sound of the water sloshing around inside. With a shaking hand, she raised it to her lips, letting the water inside her mouth. She could feel the cool water swirling around, and then traveling down her throat when she swollowed.

When she finished, she handed the jug back to her brother, her bladder now completely full and buldging. She crossed her legs tighter, eyeing the door repeatedly.

"Now, was that so bad?" Atem said teasingly.

"Yes! I really have to go now!"

He smiled, resting a hand on her bladder. He traced the outline, getting Aman to shiver. Then, without warning, he pressed hard into it. She squeaked, tightening her legs. A spurt of pee got out, dampening her underwear.

"Why did you do that?" she demanded, squirming vigorously.

"I wanted to see how desperate you were. I can tell you're getting there."

She started to say something else, but her bladder pulsed, signaling that it had had enough of holding. She jumped up, scrambling for the door. Atem got in front of her, blocking her path. "You are not allowed to leave," he said coldly. "Now I have to punish you again."

Aman paled. "No, please don't..."

He said nothing and grabbed her arm, dragging her to his bed again. After making her sit down, he took out another jar of water. Her eyes widened. "Please don't make me drink anymore," she begged. "I'm already full..."

He smiled again. "Oh, you're not going to drink it," he said.

"I'm not?"

He shook his head. Opening the jug, he drunk around half of its contents and screwed the lid back on. Afterwards, he started to shake it, tormenting Aman, who immediately started bouncing on the bed. Her bladder contracted again, leaking into her underwear. She had to grab herself to stop the leak.

"Please stop!" she pleaded, grabbing herself with her other hand.

Atem chuckled, placing the jar on the floor and sitting next to Aman. "You should not grab yourself like a child," he said, moving toward her hands. He grabbed one and pried it away from her crotch. She squeaked again, scooting away from him.

"Stop being such a baby," he scolded, placing a hand on her bladder again and pushing down. It forced a two--second spurt out of her. She gasped and grabbed herself tighter, stopping the spurt.

While she was busy with that, Atem grabbed some rope and started to tie it around Aman's arms, and then tied the other end to the bed. She tried to get away, but her bursting bladder wouldn't let her. This is bad, she thought. How right she was.

That's it for now. I'm planning on turning this into a several--chapter story. Please review!

