Let`s make Martha piss herself

Author: Quackduck

*000*2021-12-30 22:52

Isabelle is lazy. She needs something to force her to do her schoolwork, whether it be the pressure of literally being in class or an extremely close deadline. That's why, every night before school, she's been drinking a tall glass of water. That way, when she wakes up to her alarm an hour before she actually has to get up, she's busting to go pee. She does her homework desperate, using urinary relief as a reward. It works like a charm, although her handwriting usually suffers toward the end of the assignment.

Isabelle slept in a big, loose shirt and a pair of underwear. When she woke up, her bladder was unusually full. It demanded a hand over her crotch the moment she opened her eyes. On top of her glass of water before bed, she'd also unintentionally refrained from using the bathroom after she drank a glass of milk with her dinner. She had a large potion of yesterday's urine accrued in her little bladder that wanted out now.

She sat up onto her knees and bent over the bed, reaching into her backpack while her full bladder throbbed uncomfortably. Her face went white when she found her homework. A whole packet. She forgot it was this extensive. Would she even finish it in time?

She completed the first couple of problems squirming into her heel. Toward the end of the first page, she had already shifted positions three times. She leaned forward into her elbows, holding her pussy with her left hand and writing with her right. Her thighs squeezed together under her, and when her urgency demanded she fidget again she stretched her legs out and crossed them.

Isabelle had to pee so bad. With two pages done, she was starting to sweat from the effort. She couldn't keep still. She bit her lip as she scooted back so she was leaning against the wall, her knees bent to support the packet, although she couldn't quit fidgeting and almost immediately had to switch positions.

She was so uncomfortable. Second page finished, she became aware there was a bulge jutting out of her belly while she was pulling the waistband of her underwear away from the tender area of discomfort. She had to go.

After the third page, it was seriously getting bad. It was almost impossible to concentrate on the work. She was bouncing on her butt, her fingers resting tightly around her crotch and squeezing every couple of seconds. She slipped them into her underwear and kept doing the same thing to her bare cunt. As she got to the fourth page, she stood up to run to the bathroom, but stopped in her tracks. She stood there squirming desperately, legs crossed and sticking her butt out. She still had a couple more pages. If she peed now, she'd start peeing early every time and never get any work done. She whimpered nervously and sat down, scooting her butt around as she continued working.

Her pencil broke on the first question of the fifth page. By this point, Isabelle was dying. She leapt up and ran to her desk, shoving the pencil into her handheld pencil sharpener and twisting it faster than she'd ever had before. Her legs were crossed. She was gyrating her hips and doubling over every couple of seconds. It felt like it was going to come out. She ran back to her bed and hurriedly jotted down work and answers as quickly as they came to her. Her handwriting was atrocious. Isabelle's bladder was hurting. She was breathing deeply and carefully, straining every muscle below her waist to retain the ocean of urine inside her.

Outside of her room, she heard her many siblings starting to wake up for school. Voices, footsteps, the bathroom door shutting... Oh no! She's usually finished with her work and made a trip to the bathroom by now. She doesn't even have available relief right now. The nervousness made it worse. A little bit dribbled out and she clenched her fingers around her crotch, writhing madly as she rushed to complete her work. She had to go so badly the poor girl felt like she was going to explode. She pulled her pillow in between her legs, pressing her thighs together to push it into her groin as she rocked back and forth on it, desperate for any level of relief.

She got to the last page. Her trembling hand was racing to jot her work down. Somebody left the bathroom and someone else immediately went in. A spurt of piss came out, leaving a column of liquid held in her urethra behind her straining peehole. The frantic girl moved her butt in a circular motion over her foot, digging her heel into her vagina. She had so much urine inside her she couldn't even think.

Suddenly, Isabelle started pissing. Really pissing. Luckily, the movement of leaping out of bed and running across her room was enough to stem the flow. She bolted to the bathroom and turned the doorknob. Locked. She groaned, squeezing between her crossed legs.

"Hey, I was here first!" said her sister Kayleigh. She was stepping side to side, clearly needing it pretty urgently too. Nowhere near Isabelle, though.

"I'm s-sorry, I just can't- ahh- I can't hold it, I'm ab-bout to- ooh..."

"I've been waiting forever!" She patted between her legs, "you can go after me."

"No! I c-can't-"

The door swung open. Both of the desperate girls sprinted past their brother, but Kayleigh was the one who yanked her pants down and sat her butt on the toilet first.

"Oh, godd..." Isabelle moaned, shakily writhing and squeezing herself tightly, listening to the hissing patter of her sister's stream.

"Can you close the door when you leave?" Kayleigh asked her, pulling her shirt to her knees and pissing loud and hard.

"Ohh--" Isabelle whimpered as she started leaking, yellow liquid saturating her underwear dripping down her thigh.

"Oh my god, Isabelle's peeing herself!" her sister Martha announced obnoxiously, standing in the doorway.

"What?" someone else said outside of the bathroom.

"Oh, god..." Isabelle moaned, doubling over and trying to stop herself from peeing, but the leak grew to an audible jet and cascaded down her legs, dripping onto the floor.

"Whoa," her brother said, dramatically averting his eyes as he passed in the hallway. Isabelle leaned over and slammed the door. Martha ran through the house and shouted "Isabelle peeing her pants in the bathroom!"

"Are you okay?" her sister asked.

She was crying, and could feel how red and hot her face was. She'd never felt so humiliated. "Oh god!" she said, seeing her puddle making its way to the door. She stood up, still urinating, and jumped onto the sink.

"I didn't know you had to go so bad-" Kayleigh started saying, but someone busted the door open. All three people outside watching Isabelle's display busted out laughing.

"Stopp!" Kayleigh yelled, hiding herself.

"That's nasty," one of them said. She jumped off the toilet and slammed the door in their sibling's face, then jumped back on the toilet and resumed her hard stream.

"Go shower, Izzy," Kayleigh told her, "don't worry about the mess, I'll clean it up..."

"No!" Isabelle pleaded, tears in her eyes as she squeezed her shirt. "I can clean it, it's fine!"

"It's kind of my fault, anyway."

Martha banged on the door. "Hurry up!" she shouted, giggling afterward.

Isabelle sniffed as she emptied the last of her bladder, urine dribbling from her butt into her sink.

"I want to help somehow," said Kayliegh, "I feel like I..."

Martha swung the door open. "Are you still pissing yourself?" she said, holding her crotch. She stepped in the puddle. "Ewww, oh my god!" Kayliegh shoved her out and slammed the door, this time locking it.

"You didn't do anything," Izzy said, "Martha's the one that told everyone..."

Kayleigh thought for a second. "You clean up in here," she said. "I won't let her in mom and dad's bathroom. We'll get her back. How about that? Let's make Martha piss her pants and see how she likes it."

For the first time in her life, Isabelle was grateful there were only two bathrooms in her house.

*002*2021-12-31 20:50

{{5 hours ago, StarCommand said:

Love it so far! Excited for the next part!

}}

Thanks!

Kayleigh slipped out of the bathroom and almost bumped into her sister, stepping in place outside the door. "You gotta pee, Faye?" she asked. Faye nodded. "You should come with me." They went towards her parents room, past her siblings that either worked later or hadn't left yet were getting dressed and cooking breakfast. Martha got off the couch as she passed by, discreetly rubbing her fingers across her crotch. She definitely needed to go, but Kayleigh wondered if she needed to go badly enough to really get what was coming to her. The pair entered the bathroom.

"I've never used Mom and Dad's bathroom before," Faye commented as she rushed to the toilet. "It's, like, not allowed."

"I don't think they mind when we use it every once in a while."

Faye urinated in a hard jet, pattering into the water. "Poor Izzy, huh?"

"Yeah, fucking Martha too. What's wrong with her?"

"I wouldn't have even known what happened. I wanted to ask if she was okay."

"We're gonna get Martha back," Kayleigh said quietly. "We're not gonna let her in either of the bathrooms."

Faye clapped her hand over her mouth. "Oh my god!" she giggled. "When?"

"Right now."

"Isn't she gonna leave soon?"

"Would she get on the bus without taking her morning pee? That'd be pretty good, actually. If she does that, we won't let her in here after she gets home, either."

"I'll help you," said Faye, wiping herself.

###

Martha danced in place as she drank the milk from her cereal bowl. She tossed it into the sink and rushed over to the bathroom, yanking on the locked door. "Come onnn!" she groaned, "I have to gooo. Is that still you in there, Izzy?" she cast a cautious glance around before squeezing between her legs. She waited for a while in front of the door before pulling on the handle again then running to the front door to peek outside. Everyone was at the bus stop already. Nervously, she ran to her parent's bathroom, hoping to be able to relieve herself without being late for the bus. That door was locked too. "Mom?" she called into it, holding herself and dancing, "dad?"

She ran back to the front door and saw the bus letting people on. She groaned frustratedly, grabbing her backpack and running after it, urine sloshing around inside her with every jolting step. She made it on at the last second.

It was a really uncomfortable bus ride. Her jeans dug harshly into her midsection and she couldn't keep still. "Are you alright?" her friend Katie asked.

"Yeah," she said breathlessly, embarrassed to say what it was that was bothering her. Pretty soon, every bump made her feel like she was going to leak. Her full bladder was burning with urgency, stretched past her comfort level and complaining about being pulled out of routine. She started getting nervous that she wouldn't make it. Martha needed to pee so bad it was starting to hurt. She was sitting on her hands with her legs crossed tight, gently shifting her position every few seconds.

She almost let a little bit out on accident and her heart started racing. The nervousness didn't dissapate, either, even as the bus pulled up to the school and let the passengers off. She sat stiffly as she waited to be let up, her bursting bladder howling in distress. She got up and waddled slowly as the line went down the isle, squeezing and pulling at her waistband as she stepped off the bus. She wanted to hold herself, but there were so many people. She got into the building as fast as she could and joined a frustratingly long queue near the front door.

As she stood there, desperately trying to act casual and keep from leaking, she wondered if a bathroom further in the school had a shorter line. After a few minutes of miserable waiting, she speedwalked to where she knew another restroom was. Every step was a jolt of pain through her aching bladder. She joined a smaller, but still existent, line for an open stall. As hard as she tried, she couldn't keep from doing a bit of a potty dance. A little bit spurted out into her panties and she squeezed her vagina for a second. She tried to look casual, but she was freaking out. She went up to the girl at the front of the line.

"I'm r-really sorry, but I'm in kind of an... emergency and, uhh..." she felt her face getting hot. "I really need to go, do you mind if I cut you?"

"Oookayyy," the girl said, turning to her friend and laughing. Martha felt like crying as she painfully waited and waited for a stall to open. When one did, she bolted inside, doubling over as she locked the stall. As she marched around and fumbled with her jeans, a jet of piss went down her pant leg. It squirt-squirted out of her as she frantically yanked her undone pants down to her thighs, exploding as soon as her butt hit the toilet bowl. "Ahhh~" she moaned, then bit her lip. How humiliating, she thought as she loudly drained her aching bladder. As someone in a big family with limited toilet access, she needed to pee badly pretty often, but that was the worst she'd ever needed to piss in her life. When it slowed to a dribbling leak almost a minute and a half later, she vowed never to allow it to happen again.

*005*2022-01-02 08:32

Faye was jiggling her leg as she drove home, the liquid inside her routinely aching bladder sloshing around inside her as she pulled into the bumpy driveway. Being too busy for a bathroom break and then just wanting to get home once her shift was over was a pretty frequent occurence.

She walked in the front door and saw Kayleigh and Isabelle sitting on the couch. Izzy had presumably stayed home from school following her accident, since Faye was almost always home before them.

"Oh, it's just Faye," Kayleigh said.

"What?" Faye asked.

"We were talking about how we're gonna get Martha. One of us has to man each bathroom at all times, and we gotta make sure she's well hydrated if you know what I mean."

"Right," Faye replied, "should we be doing this?"

"It's giving her a taste of her own medicine. You don't have to help us if you feel bad, but we could definitely use an extra pair of hands."

Faye thought for a second, then said "alright, I'm in. That was so mean of her this morning." She sat down on the couch next to them, pushing her aching bladder to the back of her mind. Outside, the bus pulled up.

"She's here!" Kayleigh jumped up.

"I'll take mom and dad's room," Isabelle said, getting up and going in. She seemed sad to Faye, understandably so. She probably wanted to be alone.

"I'll take our bathroom," Kayleigh said, "you keep her hydrated."

"Sounds good," Faye said without thinking.

Martha walked in, greeted Faye, and sat down next to her. She had an almost empty iced tea in her hand.

"How was school?" Faye asked, shifting uncomfortably in her seat.

Martha thought about how close she came to having an accident, but she'd carry that to her grave. "Fine. How was work?"

"Boring. Want a coke?" Faye got up and headed to the kitchen.

"Sure." Martha drained the tea and tossed the bottle in the trash. To keep up appearances, Faye had to drink a coke too, even though she was kind of busting to go. When they were finished, she said "I kind of want a slushie. Do you want to come with me to the gas station?"

"Yeah," her sister smiled at her and she felt a pang of guilt. As they walked to Faye's car, she figured that hanging out with her sister and helping her other sisters get revenge on her are two separate things. Taking her somewhere didn't have to be manipulative.

In the gas station, Faye was shifting her weight from foot to foot as she looked at the snacks.

Martha came back from getting a slushie. "Can you come with me to the bathroom?" she asked.

"Uhh- These bathrooms are nasty. I wouldn't use them."

"Really?" she thought about it, "I feel like I've seen you use them."

"I've only recently started thinking about it. It bothers the fuck out of me now. I don't want to do it."

Martha sipped from her drink. "Didn't you want a slushie?"

"...Yeah," Faye went over and got one, her pulsing bladder sending waves of urgency throughout her private parts. They paid and left. Faye only noticed Martha's increased fidgeting because she was looking for it. Otherwise, she'd be too focused on her own need to pee. She really had to go at this point. It was a constant weight in her belly

As soon as they got home, Martha made a beeline to the bathroom. Faye heard Kayleigh shout "someone's in here," and could see her sister waiting impatiently outside the door. Faye took out her phone and texted Kayleigh "Please let's switch places as soon as we can, I gotta pee like crazy!"

The text back said "I gotchu. Let me know it's you out there when you get the chance, don't just knock. And don't let Martha in!!!"

Faye's bladder continued to fill at a consistent rate, soon leading her to be unable to keep from dancing in her seat. Her slushie was almost completely empty because she couldn't keep from absentmindedly sipping from it.

"You're taking forever!" Martha whined, pacing around and pulling her pants up every few seconds.

"I'm pooping!" Kayleigh said back.

"Ughh!" She stomped over to the couch and flopped down next to Faye, who strained to stop squirming and look casual. The jostling of the cushion caused both of their bladders to protest. "I really have to gooo," she complained, shoving her hands into her lap and falling onto her side.

Faye's bladder was full and hurting. She had her legs tightly crossed, desperately squirming her butt around and pulling her waistband away from the tender bump sticking out of her belly. Martha was still squirming around waiting for the toilet, but Faye felt like she was going to pee herself!

Martha sat up and rubbed her crotch, desperately dragging her butt back and forth. The over-the-top display irritated her sister. Martha didn't know, but her sister had to pee so bad she could hardly think about anything else. It suddenly felt like a stream of urine made its way to the tip of Faye's urethra and she suddenly jerked her butt back, pinching her crotch for a second before forcing her hands to lay nonchalantly on her lap. She was holding her breath and pressing her thighs together hard.

"Ohhh my god!" Martha moaned, doubling over and shoving her hand in between her legs before sprinting into their parents room.

Faye didn't waste any time. She stood up and bolted to the bathroom, tightly holding her crotch with one hand and cradling her bulging bladder with the other. She knocked quietly at the bathroom door, frantically crossing and uncrossing her legs. "Please let me in, it's Faye," she whispered. "I'm seriously busting, please let me in!"

She already had her pants partially undone as ran past Kay as soon as she opened the door, stepping side to side and bending one knee over her other leg every other step, pressing her thighs together. "I have to pee so bad," she said breathlessly to her sister, who chuckled and left the bathroom, closing the door behind her. She yanked her pants down and was leaking before she even made contact.

"Hah! Ahhh~" Faye moaned, exploding into the toilet.

Someone knocked at the door. "Pleasseee hurry up!!!" Martha begged.

"I just got in here!" Faye replied, pissing hard. "I thought you went in mom and dad's bathroom!"

"Izzy's in there probably pissing her pants again."

Faye burned with anger. "I'll be out in a minute!" she snapped, taking out her phone and scrolling through instagram.

"What took you so long!?" Martha yelled at Kayliegh, crossing her legs and holding herself.

"What?" she feigned innocence, "I was using the bathroom."

"I'm gonna get a UTI," the desperate girl groaned, waddling awkwardly and falling onto the couch. The vast amount of liquid being strainingly held inside her throbbed painfully in the motion.

"You only get one of those if you hold it in really often."

"I had to go really bad this morning, too!" Martha yelled into a pillow, writhing around in intense discomfort. "I almost..." She trailed off, then got up from the couch and ran back to the bathroom, desperately knocking on the door before jumping around and holding herself.

"Omigosh, I really have to poop!" Kayleigh doubled over suddenly.

"Don't do that! I know you don't have to poop again, Kay!" Martha yelled, dancing madly around and squeezing her crotch.

"No, I really do. I have to go to the bathroom asap."

"At least let me pee first, seriously!" the desperate girl pleaded.

"Seniority rules means I get to go first."

"No it doesn'ttt!" she winced and squeezed herself with both hands, a small leak wetting a spot in her underwear. She grabbed at her pussy and intensified her squirming.

Kayleigh was texting Faye. She said, "When I knock three times, open the bathroom quick. We're gonna switch places again." She got up off the couch and went over to her potty dancing sister. She reached under her arm and tickled her.

"No!" Martha screamed, stepping away and bending over, squeezing between her legs. Kayleigh advanced and Martha ran away. In the same moment, she knocked three times and slipped into the bathroom as soon as Faye was out.

Kay slammed the door and locked it, leaving her frantically bursting sister banging on the other side. "Please, Kay! I need to pee NOW!" She twisted her legs up and gripped her vagina tightly, her screaming bladder pulsing with intense urgency. "I can't wait!" she whimpered. Martha was dying. "Ahh... *wince* It hurtsss..." She bit her lip and bent down to one knee, digging her heel into her crotch. She writhed shakily, her fingers pressed hard into her dribbling peehole. She could hear her sister giggling in the bathroom.

Faye didn't want to see her sister in that state any longer. She left to her room and tried to ignore it.

"You gonna pee your pants, Martha?" Kay jeered.

"Oh my goddd!" she moaned, doubling over and shoving her hand into her underwear and gripping her bare vagina. She squeaked as a squirt of urine spritzed her fingers. Martha was trying so hard not to pee herself or cry, both teetering on the verge of happening whether she wanted them to or not. Her peehole was tired and hurting. There was so much piss inside the poor girl. The sensation was unbearable. She'd never felt this level of urinary urgency before. The walls of her bladder were stretched way too far, holding what felt like gallons of urine inside her. "Ohhh..." she groaned, rocking back and forth. She cradled her painfully overfilled bladder as she held her waistband away from it, feeling her eyes start to water.

"Ahhh... I can't hold it anymore, Kay, please!" A hard, sudden spurt hissed into her underwear for a second. "Oomf!" she whimpered, "I'm not okay I need to go..." There was a slight, leaking dribble coming out as she strained her urethra closed. "I need to pee, Kay, please!!!" she begged, tears starting to stream down her face. A long, slow leak dribbled out of her as she squirmed and writhed, forming a rapidly spreading dark spot that was visible on the crotch of her pants. "No-o..." she groaned miserably, tightening her grip on her vagina until her knuckles turned white. Her bladder hurt so bad it felt like torture to keep trying to hold it in, but she still strained the overworked muscles keeping her pee in even when the dribbling spread down her thighs and dripped onto the floor from her butt. It squirted out harder when she got up and ran to her room, leaving a trail of drips from the puddle she made.

Martha was crying as she hurriedly shuffled to her pile of dirty laundry, still pissing as she yanked her pants down. The pee gurgled through her fingers and splattered against her pants as she held herself to grab a cup she left in her room. She positioned it under her vagina and relaxed, letting out a sobbing exclamation of relief as she burst into the cup.

Her bedroom door busted open, startling her so badly she dropped the cup of pee. It splashed to the ground as she covered her privates with her hand, her hard piss stream splattering against her palms and streaming to the floor, cascading down her nude thighs and soaking her already ruined pants.

"Get out!" Martha yelled.

"Martha's peeing in a cup in her room!" Kayleigh announced as she turned and left, skipping through the house. Martha picked up the cup and held it under her torrent, trying to minimize the damage. She was crying and humiliated, but at least she was peeing. The cup overfilled and she moved some dirty laundry underneath her, still pissing hard as her swollen bladder deflated. Her stream eventually trailed off, dribbling to a halt even though she almost felt like she still had to go. As she wiped herself with a dirty shirt, she looked up at her open doorway and saw Isabelle sheepishly standing there, red faced and clearly not expecting to see what she saw. Martha started crying even harder, frantically covering herself up with a nearby blanket.

"Hey, it's okay, it's okay!" Isabelle assured her, rushing over and hugging her. "I'm sorry, Martha. This shouldn't have happened."

As she cried into her sister's shoulder, Martha felt herself start urinating again completely out of her control, letting out about a cup of liquid before it tapered off. She hoped Isabelle didn't notice.

"I-I'm sorry," Martha stuttered, "T-this morning, I shouldn't have--"

"No, shh, don't worry about it..." She stroked her hair and held her tighter.

