Dragonball Omorashi

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-03-13 02:20

"Goku, wait up!" Trunks shouted, quickly going Super Saiyan to catch up.

"Grandpa!" Pan stopped and bent over to catch her breath, then quickly did the same. Her hair became shiny with small golden spikes, though it remained in a shoulder-length style falling over her back, it ended in several gold spikes.

Young Goku laughed and did exactly that, his hair becoming spikey yellow and his eyes pale green.

Pan sighed and lowered herself to the ground, her hair and eyes returning to normal. She watched as Trunks and Goku ran through the medow.

"Immature kids!" she sniffed, pulling out a bottle of water and gulping from it. She sighed and pulled out a handheld game system and began fighting a final boss. Giru joined her a moment later and hopped up on her shoulder, watching her as the fight got tougher.

"Danger Pan, danger!" he said as the boss knocked the redhead character backwards, causing him to lose all his health and faint.

"I know!" Pan snarled as another character, a young girl on a giant plushie, pulled out an item to heal Pan's character, and Pan rushed back into battle. A moment later, she lost.

"AAARRRRRGG!" she cried.

"You know, Pan," Giru said as Pan was returned to the title screen.

"A team of Guy, Luke, Anise, and Tear is better. Jade too slow, Natalia too weak."

Pan glared at him.

"Gee, thanks." she grumbled.

(In the game, the redhead approaches a tree root. Pan presses a button, and a blue creature like a bunny or a cat jumps out and shouts, "Fire!" a burst of flames erupts from the creature's mouth. The tree root burns down, clearing a path for the characters.)

The screen flickered, then ran out of power and shut off.

"Crap!" Pan growled.

"Giru, Giru!" Giru mumbles.

Pan looked up to see Trunks and Goku standing over her.

"Hey Pan." Goku laughed.

"What are you playing?"

"Hmph!" Pan sniffed.

"It's far too mature for you, Grandpa!"

"Oh, okay."

There was a pause, then Trunks turned to look at Pan.

"So, you ready to get going?" he asked.

"Oh, alright." Pan said, realizing the water she had earlier was starting to get to her.

(The group had arrived in a small town about 15 minutes later, where a kind old lady welcomed them into her home, telling them they had arrived just in time for tea.)

"I don't drink tea." Pan told the lady impatiently.

"Oh?" the lady asked, smiling.

"Would you care for a soda?"

The woman had barely finished her sentence when Pan snatched up the rootbeer the woman was holding, and began chugging loudly. She slammed the empty bottle down on the table with a loud burp.

Trunks starred at her, and Goku snickered.

"What?" Pan asked, her bladder starting to get a little full for her liking.

"We really should be going now." Trunks said to the kind lady.

"Thank you for the food!" Goku added.

The woman smiled and waved as the trio left the town.

"Goodbye, now!" she called after them.

(After walking for about an hour, our heros find themselves wandering lost in a field, following a clear blue river as a guid, hoping to find a place to stay the night.

"Wait," Goku said.

"Hold on, Trunks, I've gotta go."

Pan glared as Goku ran up to a bush, yanked his pants down, and relieved himself.

"Grandpa, let's go!" she yelled, feeling her own bladder begging for relief.

Goku ran over to Trunks, and the two walked on. Pan slowed her pace, allowing the boys to pass her.

Giru approached her.

"Hello Pan, did you beat the boss?"

"No!" Pan shouted, annoyed.

"I used a team of Luke, Jade, Natalia, and Anise, and I lost!"

"Pan," Trunks called from up front.

"Did you already try putting Guy in the lead with Jade, Tear, and Luke? That's how I did it."

"No!" she yelled, feeling her bladder spasm painfully. She jammed her hands into her crotch, barely noticing Trunks still watching her.

"Pan, is something the matter?" he asked.

"No." Pan replied, her face growing red as a couple of droplets escaped her.

Trunks shrugged.

"If you say so."

After another 10 minutes, Pan realized she was losing it.

"Excuse me a moment." Trunks said ducking behind a rock. Pan's irritation was growing; she couldn't just duck behind something. They were guys, she wasn't. Pan gasped as she felt a single spurt escape. She grabbed herself and mashed her legs together.

Trunks returned a minute later, relieved, and then saw the state Pan was in. He shrugged though. She would admit it when she wanted to.

After five more minutes, Pan froze in her tracks. She moaned loudly as she bent over, hands at her crotch, rocking back and forth. Another spurt escaped, this one longer. A small dark spot became visible on her jeans, and she struggled to keep the rest in.

Trunks glanced back at her, jeans now wet. But, again, he ignored her.

(After a couple more spurts, Pan and the others find themselves in a small village.)

Pan glanced around, relieved to see a public girl's room several feet away. Trunks turned to her.

"So, Pan, do you think we should-"

"Sorry, Trunks, be right back!" she called, racing for relief.

She entered the room, but to her dismay, there were no vacant stalls, and a line waiting for them. A woman turned to her and gasped.

"Oh, sweetie," she said.

"You can go ahead of me if you want."

"No thankyou," Pan said through gritted teeth.

"I can wait."

(Finally, the next stall is hers, but an old lady is s-l-o-w-l-y leaving it.)

"Move it!" Pan shouted, finally desperate enough. She shoved to old lady aside, ignoring the gasp and shout.

Pan pulled the door closed and locked it, jiggling up and down. She tried to unzip her jeans, but if she stopped holding herself, she'd surely lose it. She somehow managed to unzip them before her bladder betrayed her. Her muscles gave in, and pee spurted out into her cotton panties. It soon began to flood her jeans, dribble down her legs, and finally forming a puddle on the floor. The sound of liquid on fabric echoed through the room, and the smell of urine was obvious now. She immediately heard whispers and giggles outside the door. She sheepishly left the stall, hanging her head and ignoring the stares, points, and laughs as she passed by everyone in line.

Trunks greeted her as she exited through the door tho the girls toilet.

"So," he snickered.

"You make it?"

*002*2012-07-27 19:31

{{:

Hey, I like this story. Please keep making more!

}}

Well, if you think it's that good, sure. You have any requests?

*004*2012-07-27 21:32

{{: 

The first thing I noticed was that they were playing Tales of the Abyss 3D. But the story was great overall, I'd have preferred a longer scene showing her getting embarrassed and whatnot, but that's just me. Still, an overall good story, you should probably make a sequel or something.

}}

Yes. They were Playing T.o.A. I was hoping some one would get that.

And yeah, this was one of my first fics, so it's probably not as good, but I can always add a chapter two if you want.

*006*2012-07-28 04:13

{{: 

I personally think that would be nice. Depends on what you think you should do, though.

}}

Well, I say whatever you people want from me, I'll do it.

*009*2013-04-17 01:05

OMG. I gotta re-write this later, XD I've improved since I wrote this. It's just that old. X'D

Would you mind linking me to the Sunto Hatchilock thing? I could definitely write something.

