Wet Pants and Open Eyes

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-08-28 02:17

While Kaylie was lying awake exploring strange thoughts and new desires, Lloyd was doing some exploring of his own. Peeing his pants during the lockdown at Northwest High -- had he really done that? Yes, he had. Was it humiliating? Yes, it was. Was it also somehow pleasant, even arousing? Lloyd guessed so. He would have to pee his pants again to be sure. Maybe tomorrow; maybe tonight, but later.

Strangely haunting Lloyd's wet thoughts were images of Kaylie. She had peed through her panties into the trash can. Lloyd never actually saw Kaylie's wet panties, but simply thinking about them had made Lloyd incredibly hard at school; it was making him incredibly hard now. Was he developing a wetting fetish? Lloyd wondered.

People were snickering; why? O no! Lloyd was peeing his pants...in school! Everyone was laughing. Then, Kaylie was there. She cupped the shiny bulge in Lloyd's pants and smiled. Lloyd buried his head in her bosom and cried. Now Kaylie was unzipping his pants.... With a snort Lloyd woke up. OMG, I've wet the bed, he thought. He felt himself. His underpants were wet in front, but it wasn't pee. Lloyd had had a wet dream, a wet dream peeing his pants, a wet dream wetting his pants with Kaylie.

Lloyd lay awake and pondered this new dimension of his sexual consciousness. He had a pee fetish -- specifically a pee pants fetish -- and Kaylie was right in the middle of it. He thought of her wet panties. He imagined lifting her skirt, oggling the pee stains, touching, stroking. His thumbs were hooked in the elastic of Kaylie's panties. Lloyd pulled them down....

No, Kaylie was pulling his underpants down. He was on the bed. She was changing him, diapering him.

What the hell? A dieper? Get real. Lloyd wasn't a diaper boy; he wasn't going to wear a diaper, and Kaylie wasn't going to change his wet pants. Lloyd could change his own wet pants, thank you very much.

What? He was hard again. Lloyd's penis was a tent pole in his underpants. Were thoughts of being babied by Kaylie turning him on? Surely not, but....

"Lloyd, honey, rise and shine." His mother's voice. It was morning. But what had happened during the night? Lloyd had some serious thinking to do.

