Requests

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-07-06 19:38

I have a huge case of writers block and I'd like to have something to write. So if you want me to write something for you, then post here and I'll do my best with what I can. Please be aware that I can't do what I don't know about.

As usual there are things that I will NOT do.

- Messing

- Incest

- Abuse

- Underage

- Humiliation.

*004*2015-07-07 08:23

{{:

I'll bite. What about an avengers fic? Preferably Natasha/CLINT but whatever pairing. :) any old wetting is good too.

}}

I can try this. Sounds good and kinda gives me free run to do what I like. It'll be a while though.

{{:

In the main request thread, I linked to a list of characters I was jonesing for. If you can do any of them, be my guest! If not, ya know, don't worry about it and I'm sure whatever requests you do get here will be great as usual.

}}

I can do you a Batman one, seeing as that's the only one I know lol. Again, it'll take a while.

{{:

A female Shaymin who has to pee but can't find anywhere to go and gets desperate while searching and at the end finds a place where she can go just as she is about to wet herself.

}}

Heh, not too good with the Pokèmon or Digimon things hon. Sorry.

*006*2015-07-07 17:43

{{:

I've wanted to see something like this for quite a long time now but I'd love to see something happen between both Dawn from pokemon d/p and Serena from pokemon x/y.

}}

I can't do Pokèmon.

*011*2015-07-09 08:50

The fandoms I know a lot about are on my profile. But I can give a quick list here.

- Avengers Assemble

- Buffy The Vampire Slayer

- Batman (Nolanverse)

- CSI: Miami

- Croods

- District 9

- Disney's Dinosaur

- Expendables

- Lilo and Stitch

- Megamind

- Naruto

- Primeval

- Supernatural

- Superman Returns

- Transformers (Bayverse)

- TMNT

{{:

Do you have a list of fandoms you'll write in? Will you write non-fandom stories if we give you the basic idea?

}}

I can write non-fandom stories yes, I have done a couple of them. As long as there's a basic plot given and specific events to happen.

*013*2015-07-10 15:41

{{:

I'd like to see a Transformers story with Mikaela desperate while in Egypt.

}}

I'll see what I can do

*015*2015-07-11 07:18

{{:

How about a Star Wars fic, maybe about Satele Shan, Princess Leia, or Jaina Solo, whichever you know.

}}

There is a list of fandoms that I know above, Star Wars is unfortunately not one of then. Sorry

*017*2015-07-11 17:17

{{:

How about one about Batgirl then?

}}

Only characters from the movies. I don't do the comics. I know, not very good with the requests thing, too many variables, but there it is. And it does say (Nolanverse) next to Batman so...

*019*2015-07-11 18:04

{{:

Catwoman then? Im sorry, I didnt know what nolanverse meant.

}}

I can certainly try to do Catwoman

*021*2015-07-13 10:36

{{:

What about a How I Met Your Mother one with Robin, or a The Big Bang Theory one with Penny? :)

}}

Fandoms I am familiar with are on the previous page. Unfortunately neither of the fandoms you have specified are on that list.

