Anthro Adventures!

Author: Kyuu

*000*2020-01-18 08:37

Hello all! This is the first chapter of a new small mini fanfic I've been writing in my spare time. It's kind of an inspiration of Dog Days and Konosuba mixed into one.

The first chapter is very messing oriented as a disclaimed, so only read if you're into that!

It's relatively short and I know the characters aren't really that fleshed out yet, but I might continue and work on this more in the future if people enjoy it and I have the time!

Characters

Spoiler

Silvie

A wolf girl specializing in offensive magic. She has purple eyes and long silver hair. My inspiration from her came from the following piece of artwork:

Yukikaze (aka Yuki)

A dog girl specializing in healing and water magic. She has light turquoise hair and is inspired by Lelei from Gate,

Eclair

A spirited doggy girl who relies on a combination of physical attacks and wind magic. She is heavily inspired by Eclair from the series Dog Days

###

Chapter 1

“Silvie! Behind you!”

“Hahh..!”

Thrusting myself to the side, I just narrowly avoid the slam of a vine-like arm.

My name, as you might have guessed, is Silvie. I am a member of this realms adventuring guild and the leader of a three-person party. We team up every week to hunt notorious monsters with high bounties and split the reward evenly between us.

Part of the anthropoid race, I am a wolf breed blessed with a natural affinity for offensive magic. I have purple eyes and long silver hair. So long, in fact, it almost reaches all the way to my butt!

The one shouting my name is Yukikaze, though we just call her Yuki. She’s a short girl with equally short light turquoise hair. Like me, she is also an anthropoid, but of the dog race and a user of support and healing magic.

The ugly thing standing in front of us is our bounty. A morbol with a particularly high price on its head. They are disgusting land-dwelling plant based creatures that somewhat resemble an octopus. An ugly octopus.

Gracefully landing a few feet back from the vine that just attacked me, my hand has already reached out to prepare for an offensive spell. With my eyes closed in concentration, a rune circle soon forms in front of my hand before I shout out “fireball!” and an explosive blast comes flying out, severing one of the morbol’s arms and sending it into a frenzy.

“Silvie, you’re just pissing it off!” shouts my lime-green-haired companion.

Her name is Eclair. She is also an anthropoid, a dog girl like Yukikaze. Though, unlike most of our kind, she relies more on physical attacks than magic. More specifically, she is a dagger user that just uses low-level wind magic to amplify her attacks.

“Shut up, I can’t concentrate with all these damned vines coming from every direction!” I shout, narrowly avoiding another one of its attacks.

“I’ll keep it distracted, you just focus on blasting it down!”

Daggers in hand, Eclair plants a foot firmly behind her, a magic circle forming around her feet before launching her forward with tremendous force, her daggers making quick work of the vines as she flies forward and keeps the frenzied creature occupied long enough for me to set up for my next attack.

Now able to truly focus, I close my eyes and begin charging up the most powerful spell I can muster.

The more powerful the spell, the longer it takes to charge, and with your mind closed off and vulnerable you have to put a lot of faith in your companions to keep you safe. But with the three of us in sync, it only takes a minute before I’ve finally finished preparations, a large magic circle now covering the sky above us.

Everything seems to be going great, before..

Thwap!

The enraged morbol lands a hit on Eclair, sending her flying in the other direction as the creature’s attention quickly shifts back to me.

“Crap.” I think. I should move, but if I do, the spell will cancel, and all the mana I’ve poured into it will have been wasted. With all our mana potions spent just clearing the way to get here, I won’t even have time to cast it again. Meaning, if I don’t pull this off now, we’ll end up having to retreat and try again tomorrow. Assuming someone else doesn’t claim the bounty before then.

No way I’m risking someone swooping in and stealing our hard work. I can do this!

With Yukikaze rushing over to aid and heal Eclair, I’m left on my own. It’s all or nothing.

“Silvie, don’t be stupid, get out of there!”

“Shut up, I got this!”

Closing my eyes, I finish the final stages of the incantation, shouting out the final words.. “Explosion!!”

With the sky turning a crimson red, the mana circle replaced by a bright light that shoots downwards right through the morbol’s skull, a blast wave completely decimating the creatures health before it explodes back into a cloud of aether that whisks away into the wind.

“Hahaha! Did you see that, I co-ack!”

Bursting into a coughing fit, I soon realize my attack was just a moment too slow. The damn creature got off an attack before I could set off the explosion, and in the flash of light I couldn’t even see it.

Bolting out of the noxious poison cloud that was rapidly surrounding me, I feel my vision going blurry and my insides churning.

“Silvie!” I barely hear as Yukikaze rushes to my side, quickly mustering up a healing and dispelling incantation that, at the very least, brings my senses back to normal.

“I’m.. I’m fine.” I say, still hunched over and trying to catch my breath.

“You don’t look fine. What were you thinking?!” A now fully healed Eclair shouts, rushing to my side herself.

“Hey, we beat it, and that’s what matters! It will take more than a weak attack like that to take me d-nngh!”

As I move to stand up again, a sharp pressure in my gut sends me back to my knees, stomach gurgling with a vengeance.

Strangely, it doesn’t really hurt.. like poison attacks usually do, and Yuki should have been able to dispel anything immediately dangerous. In reality, it kinda just feels like I need to..

Grrrgglll..!

..Oh, no. Not that. Not now. Not here!

“Silvie, take it easy! Let me get you an antidote.”

Fffrrtt..

Nnnhh.. Oh god. There’s no time. I have to move. Now.

“I-I’m fine. Really. Let’s just leave. Preferably right now.”

Pushing myself up, I compose myself before taking a few steps forward. It seems like the pressure is subsiding a bit, but out of nowhere I find my body suddenly sent stumbling backwards with a strong jolt shooting up my spine.

Yoink!

“Eeyahhh!!”

I give out an involuntary yelp as the sensitive nerves in my tail all fire at once, looking backwards to see a stern-faced dog girl thwarting my escape with a firm grip on my tail.

“Don’t be a hard-head! Take your safety seriously for once!” Eclair chastises.

“S-Silvie, if you’re still hurting, at least let me give you an antidote.” stutters Yuki as she quickly rummages through her bag.

“I’m fine! I’m not in pain. Really. See? No pain at all! Now let’s just go ple-”

Unf!

Eclair, now blocking my path, jabs her fist into my gut without warning.

“E-Eclair!” shouts an equally startled Yuki.

“W-what the hell was that for?!” I cry out, nearly falling to my knees as my hands clutch my stomach

“You’re fine, huh?! I barely touched you. You’ve been clutching yourself like that non-stop. What do you think you’re going to accomplish trying to act so-”

Pfffrrbllrrrtt!

“..tough? Uhh.. S-Silvie..?”

O-oh god, please no. My cheeks feel like they’re on fire now. I didn’t even feel that coming.

“Wait.. the reason you’re.. is it because you just need to..? P-pffhh..! Hahaha! Why didn’t you just say that?”

Eclair, now fully aware of my situation, opts to replace her concern with bursts of laughter instead. Great. Thanks so much for your concern you little brat.

“S-shut up! Just help me get out of here before I.. I.. Oh gods.”

With another abrupt cramp, my body develops a mind of its own, quivering and buckling over in pure desperation. I can feel a tingling in my backside as my little remaining control wanes. Gods, what did that thing do to me? It feels like a literal mountain is about to collapse into my gut!

Grrrgrrgrllll!

Eclair now taking a step backwards as her sensitive ears twitch, apparently picking up what the vicious rumbling in my tummy means.

“W-wait, don’t tell me you’re really about to..”

I try to take a step forward, but am immediately frozen in my tracks again. My body won’t respond. I can feel my tail swaying, my knees growing weak as the pressure in my gut makes its way further down, my cheeks burning even redder as another vicious eruption of gas escapes my backside.

Fffhrrrbllrttt!

But what begins as just gas is quickly followed up by a warm mushy feeling that pushes and forces its way through my bottom cheeks, my legs trembling as my body outright denies all efforts to stop it.

As the first bit of mess makes it way through, I can feel my pants beginning to tent the out slightly, before another cramp hits and forces my body to double over and grunt involuntarily, and then the inevitable happens.

Crklrcklrckl.. Shhpfffllorrrbbbrrrrrtttt!

Starting out as a small ball in the seat of my pants, it quickly erupts and balloons outwards with several noisy, crackly explosive sound effects, completely emptying my belly of all its contents.

Splorrrtchh!

The warm mountain of mush now completely voiding itself without mercy, spreading across my cheeks in all directions and filling almost every inch of my tightly clad behind.

“Hahh.. hah.. wah..” All I can do is wail and moan out as the last of the mess settles. Gods. Somehow the first thing that comes to my mind is just.. that felt SOO good. I’ve never felt so relieved in my life. It’s only moments later, when the stench hits, and the icky warm sensation settles in, that I snap out of it.. and feel almost every drop of blood in my body rushing to my cheeks all at once.

Staring in sheer shock, my green-haired companion just stutters out “Oh.. Oh m-my god. You.. you really.. Hah-hahaha! Silvie, holy crap! How do you even keep that much in you?”

Reaching back, I carefully pat my backside to inspect the damage.. ..and it’s somehow even worse than I expected.

My tail instinctively lowers itself in a pitiful attempt to hide my shame. By this point, I can feel tears welling up in my cheeks.

God.. I haven’t had an accident since I was a little pup. Now here I am with a mountain of filth in my pants.. in front of two people I’m supposed to be the leader of.

“U-uhm, S-Silvie?”

I look over to see Yuki with her hand outstretched, a crystal vial with a purple liquid in hand and “antidote” written on the label.

“I-it might be a bit late, but..”

I just sigh and push the bottle away.

“No.. I’m.. I’m fine now. Really this time. Let’s just.. get out of here, please.”

Pat pat

Looking up with tears still in my eyes, I see Eclair standing in front of me, ruffling my hair and her previous laugher now replaced with a gentle smile.

“Don’t look sad, Silvie~. You couldn’t control it. On the bright side, maybe this will teach you to be a little more careful, huh?”

Letting out a sigh, I wipe the tears from my eyes. And I’m supposed to be the party leader here..

“Y-you’re not going to tell anyone about this, right?”

Eclair gives a few more gentle pats before grabbing my hand and pulling me along.

“Of-course not, but, Silvie. I’m going to be honest. You reaally~ stink, so we definitely are getting you a bath before we head back into town.”

Feeling fire return to my cheeks again, I barely resist giving the girl a swift kick in the rear. “O-oh shut it, like you’d smell any better in my situation!”

*002*2020-02-08 17:00

Another small second chapter, I hope you enjoy it!

###

Patter patter patter.

Of-course, as if my luck wasn't rough enough, it started pouring rain right as we departed the dungeon.

Thankfully, we have Yuki leading the way. Her staff emitting a faint glow as an invisible barrier shields the three of us like an umbrella, keeping us protected from the downpour.

"Silvie, can you maybe.. not stand so close to me right now?" Eclair remarks, nose pinched shut and still trying to stifle giggles.

With puffed-out cheeks, I give her a casual shove outside of the protective barrier, evoking a squeak as the cold rainwater quickly makes a decidedly damp doggy girl.

"Hey! Rude!" Eclair shouts as she promptly takes cover again, shaking some rainwater from her hair and tail.

"You. Shut it. You're not the one suffering here. You don't have to walk in.. this. You do not realize how gross this feels." I say firmly, my cheeks still rendered as red as a tomato from the embarrassment.

I can feel the mush in my pants moving and squishing around with every stride. It's just.. just so weird. I simply want to get a bath and get clean!

"Not our fault you pooped your pants like a little pup, yet now we all have to endure your stench as a result!"

My face contacts into a bit of a scowl as I look over to see the smug green-haired pup just sticking her tongue out at me. "I-idiot, shut up!" I cry out, shoving Eclair forward as she tumbles foward and falls face first into a nearby mud puddle.

"Haha.. Hah-hahaha!! Serves you right droopy ears!"

Eclair, now with a face full of mud and her green-striped panties on full display to the world, glares back with a smirk. "Oh, you think that's funny do you, mush-pup?"

By the time my composure returns, I look forward watching her arm reach out with a glowing rune circle.

"Wait. Wait wait wait, what are you do-unf!?"

With no further warning, a fierce gust of wind knocks me up into the air. My arms flail and feet struggle to bury themselves back onto the ground, but it's all to no avail. What takes place next is inevitable.

SQUEELCH!!

As my butt makes contact with the muddy waters below, another type of mud in my pants mushes and squelches around madly on impact.

"Ohhhh..! A-ahh.. oh, oh no.. NO! GROSSSS!!!" Wailing loudly I reach back and feel my bottom. At least it softened my landing.. I.. guess.

"Hahaha, gross is right! That's what you get!" Eclair shouts.

"You two are worse than siblings.." Yuki mumbles with a sigh.

"What's that Yuki?" Eclair says with a smirk, forming a heavy mudball in her hands before slinging it forwards.

Even with her staff in hand, Yuki effortlessly holds her other hand out, instantly deflecting the mudball and sending it sailing back, splattering Eclair's face without mercy.

"You really want to play that game do you? Very well."

Lifting her staff in the air, Yuki pulls a small pond full of mud from the nearby pathway, swinging her staff to the right just slightly and leaving the spell hovering over a defenseless Eclair as she stares forward with an evil smirk.

"W-wait a minute, let's talk this thro-"

Splat!

Thumping her staff back on the ground, the spell is broken, delivering a cascade of mud pouring down and submerging the droopy eared girl from head to toe, leaving not an inch of her body un-muddied.

"Now, unless you would also like a mud bath, dearest Silvie, I think we should promptly get you to a nearby lake for a proper bath, lest you get yourself a rash."

Guh. That certainly would be unpleasent, I think to myself.

Watching a drenched Eclair's dragging her way out of an immense mud puddle and having to desperately shake herself clean sends me into a giggle fit. This is a sufficient enough punishment anyways. Further proof that Yuki, despite being a healer, is not one to be trifled with.

A few minutes pass by, a couple adventurers traveling by us with bewildered and amused looks, but otherwise it's an uneventful journey. Once the three of us finally make our way to a nearby lake, me and Eclair practically rush in.

"A-ahh, COLD!" the two of us cry in unison.

As if the pouring rain wasn't bad enough, but at this point I just don't care.

"You two, get undressed. You'll just have to ditch whatever you're wearing for now. Yuki commands while pointing her staff onwards.

Through our various adventures, we have fought all kinds of monsters. Including some.. less than pleasant ones, such as slimes.

After those fights, we were blessed to learn that among Yuki's aptitude for healing magic, her water magic also works wonders for getting you clean in a moment's notice.

"I should remind you again I'm not your mother. It's not my responsibility to bathe you two, so.. don't get used to this." Yuki chimes out before sifting through her bag and lobbing in a large bar of soap in our direction.

"Now, let's get this over with so we can go someplace warm. I don't need you two getting sick after all this. We have more bounties to collect."

Wasting no time myself, I quickly strip out of my ruined garments, covering myself and shivering as Yuki chants a spell. Moments later, a small whirlpool forms around us both, the bar of soap quickly disintegrating as sudsy water rises and washes over our bodies, lathering each of us from head to toe..

It's scarcely a minute later when it leaves the two of us sparkling clean and smelling fresh once again.

Maybe I should have studied water magic more in school. This would save some serious time in the mornings.

Finally clean once more, Eclair and I make a break out of this frigin water towards land once more. Seeing her tail-clad butt waddling in front of me, I can't resist taking onee final bit of revenge..

Yoink~

Giving her tail a firm tug, her body tenses up, squealing out before falling face first back into the water.

"Hahaha, watch where you're go-wawa-"

Splash!

"Watch where you're running yourself, silly fox!" Eclair touts, triumphantly trotting passed me again after blasting my backside with another wind spell.

"Jeez, that's totally cheating you know!" I retort as I quickly pick myself back up and make my way towards land, converging under an adjacent tree for shelter. "And is this rain ever going to stop?"

"We're close to town now, so I will run and get the two of you a change of clothes. Stay here. And don't do anything stupid." Yuki shouts from a distance.

Great. So now we're left standing here naked until Yuki gets back.

Still, it's an upgrade from my previous condition at least.

"You know, when people are cold out in the wild, sometimes they have to resort to.. sharing body heat to keep warm." Eclair states with an impish little smile, nudging herself closer.

My heart races for a moment, my cheeks reddening as I catch myself peering over at the droopy eared girls exposed chest, perky and.. obviously reacting to the cold weather. But I fight and quickly keep my composure. "N-no thank you, I'll fine by myself" I say, pushing impure thoughts out of my head.

Holding out the palm of my hand, a small, blue ball of fire forms in front of the two of us.

This is fox fire, a type of magic unique to fox breeds. It's not good for offensive skills, but it uses virtually no mana and is a valuable source of light. It's not much, but it also provides some warmth as well.

A few tranquil moments go by, the foxfire helping warm and dry us off.

Everything is nice and quiet, before..

"I need to pee." Eclair states, matter-of-factly.

"..e-excuse me?" I say back, taken a bit off-guard at the bluntness.

"I said I HAVE TO PEE. Are those ears of yours hard of hearing?"

"W-well why the hell are you telling me that?! Go pee somewhere then."

"But it's warm here, and I don't want to get wet again! I can't do that magic bubble thing like Yuki. I'm not good at stuff like that!"

"Well, that sounds like a personal problem! You're not going to do that here."

Pouting, Eclair sways around a bit. Her palms clenching as her knees shiver and rub together.

Moments pass, before a sudden yelp sends Eclair's tail straight up and she quickly looks much more concerned.

"Jeez! Just look away. I.. I really gotta go."

"Why didn't you just pee in the lake like a normal person?!"

"I didn't know I had to go then!"

Sigh. And this is the person who was just mocking me earlier.

"Just hold it! Yuki will be back soon."

"Nnnh.. Can't hold it. Gotta go. Just move so I can use the tree."

"No. You mock me for having an accident, I think you can hold a bit of pee for a short while."

Moaning out in dissatisfaction, the green-haired girl clutches her fists again before raising her tail straight up in the air.

"Look, I'm peeing here whether or not you like it, so I suggest you MOVE!" Eclair shouts.

I close my eyes, twisting away and ignoring the protesting. It's not my problem.

"No. I said you can wait. So be a big girl and.."

Pssshhhhhh~

Just.. wait, why does my leg feel really warm all of a su-wawawahhh?

"H-HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" I shout, bouncing backwards after realizing this doggy girl was just completely relieving herself all over on my leg.

"I. Told. You. To. Move." Eclair states, sticking her tongue out and now arching herself forward enthusiastically, letting out a sigh of relief as the golden liquids arch and splatter against the tree bark fiercely.

"Hahh~ that's much better!"

