A New Kind of Story (Posted this in a Status without really knowing how I did it lol)

Author: HypnosFan

*000*2023-04-09 05:10

So I posted this exact story in a status update of mine some time ago without really realizing how it is I did it then. I realized just a few minutes ago that no one couldn't reply or respond to it so you guys wouldn't get to see this for yourselves. Which is entirely my bad. So here is the update I gave. Like before I am doing this in honor of my absolute Omo-idol in KimAustad. Please give her all the love and support in the world. She deserves it for all the work she does do for this community and this niche I love so much. Its a weird kind of story. I made this a POV story for people who want to play the dom. The entire story is just the responses from your submissive partner so have fun imagining the responses you would say in this story hehe. Enjoy it!

"Hey, How are you?" Kimmy asks one day as you bump into her in the middle of your high school hallway

"Yeah that quiz was super hard wasn't it? Ugh I swear my brain was just gonna melt if we had to keep going. Thanks for sending me those videos. I was able to cram for that test much faster thanks to them." Kimmy says with a nod, bouncing a little in place as her gigantic breasts begin to bounce and jiggle. Even when Kim stopped bouncing her breasts continued to bob and sway from side to side. Kim tilts her head slightly to the side as you speak to her.

"W-what's that? N-no I didn't fall asleep during them. I was wide awake watching them the entire time? That's a kind of weird question to ask isn't it?" Kim asks with a slightly nervous chuckle, crossing her arms, under her breasts "I might have been doing my psychology work in the background but I was wide awake."

"....Do I believe in hypnosis?" *Kimmy asks, raising an eyebrow in disbelief. She scoffs before breaking down into a full laugh. "Y-You must be joking." *Kim says, breaking into even more laughter as she bends over, sticking her gigantic butt out slightly and smacking it into the lockers to make a slightly loud clatter which startles some students, even Kim herself. "H-hypnosis is just a myth. A pipe dream. An attempted science at understanding the intricacies of the human brain that ultimately amounted to NOTHING" Kim says with a scoff as she flips her hair back over her head.

"Huh? What's that? Y-you think you hypnotized me?" Kim says with another scoff, her jaw hanging low as she juts her chest out slightly, then juts one hip out to put her hand on as she looks at you in disbelief* "Oh yeah? And when do you think you did that?" Kim said, playing along with this idea of yours just for a moment. She rolled her eyes as she shifted to her other hip. "With the videos you sent last night? I think I would have noticed if something was off about those videos. I only remember the bullet pointed list...I mean he had this weird rhythmic tapping he did for each list but that was it. He only made lists in that video. He couldn't have hypnotized me doing that."

"You're going to prove it worked?" Kim asks as she tilts her head slightly to the side, then unfolds her arms and stretches them out. "Well go right ahead! Im a psych student. I've studied the mind for years now. and I can say without a shadow of a doubt that hypnosis is just a total load of cra-"

With a snap of your fingers Kim's head rolls down as her arms begin to dangle infront of her knees, her butt slamming into the lockers once more, earning a sleepy groan from the now helpless Kim.

A few seconds later Kim's eyes fluttered as she looks around at her surroundings, and then back at you. She grins victoriously. "HAHA! I told you it would never work. Guess I am just too smart to be fooled by any of your silly little tricks." Kim said, perhaps not noticing just how nasally her voice had suddenly become. Her nose was now scrunched as she shoved a finger deep up inside the nostril, her jeans now sporting a darker shade on the front almost like a fire design right around her general crotch area. "Now if you'll excuse me loser, I am going to go get lunch." Kim says confidently, turning on her heel, keeping her finger up her nose as she gave her butt a sway, showing off the big round circle that had formed across her inner thighs as she walked away. Students all around the hall took pictures, giggling and pointing at the little pants wetter walking about their hallways.

The End?

*002*2023-04-09 18:47

Glad you liked it! Eventually I will make more like this. Is there a certain perspective you would like to see this from? I am open to any suggestions

{{4 hours ago, Neetly2 said:

This this is a really interesting format for a story I love to see more like it.

}}

*005*2023-04-10 00:04

{{2 hours ago, scinosensation said:

@HypnosFan, please don’t leave us hanging!

}}

Hehe sorry. Guess you'll have to come back for more hehe

