I'm lost in the mansion I know I know this mansion I know its intricacies (OC x Canon)

Author: abxy

*000*2023-06-24 02:41

Hi! I wrote this fic a while ago. 3,577 words.

Not uploading it to AO3 as I'm not sure the creator of the webcomic the canon character is from would like it.

I'm not stating what webcomic this is from (PM if curious) as I don't want this fic popping up in google searches, but I will provide visual character refs and info:

Science: Self insert, it/its or he/him, no-op/no-T gay trans man. 21, anthropomorphic vampire/cat/butterfly furry

Jon Motivation: Canon, he/him, post-top surgery On T bisexual trans man, 20, "anthro" flower man

Ok heres what they look like:

Jon's parts are used interchangeably as "dick" and "pussy" as I am FTM myself and like these terms for my junk and self-project.

Also sorry about the literal Marvel quote at the beginning I suck at starting fics and was asking my friends on Discord how to start it and they jokingly suggested that and I ran with it.

ALSO in canon Jon doesn't canonically swear he says frick heck gosh etc which is why I make him say that shit in this fic. I'm gay

ANYWAYS heres the fic:

“So uh… That just happened,” the pinker of the two declared as he heard the door lock behind him as it closed.

“Wait, what? What just happened?” Jon replied back, starting to appear nervous.

“Dude, the door just locked as we closed it. I can’t believe this.”

The two were left standing there, looking around at their surroundings. Science, the rosey-colored feline in glasses, and Jon Motivation, the taller, greenest flower boy possible, were trapped in a room.

The two had been roaming the mansion for who-knows-how-long, aided by the help of Hot and Meep. Pluck and Bonbon were there, as well, but who knows what they were up to. Jon didn’t hate Pluck, and definitely had an affinity for Bonbon, but Science did not particularly care for either of them. They were starting to miss Meep and Hot, however.

They had encountered many different rooms before this one, of varying sizes, colors, and props, but none had locked them in like this before. Sure, before Jon found Science within the mansion, he had been locked up in some rooms, but this seemed different. This seemed worse than the others, and he was about to realize why.

Science’s antennae twitched a bit as the fact of the matter sunk in. It adjusted its glasses and sighed.

“I guess we gotta find a way out, huh?” it said to the wide-eyed flower man.

“I-I… Uhh… Yeah, I g-guess?” Jon stammered out.

Science raised an eyebrow. It could sense something was wrong with the guy, but it couldn’t exactly tell what. He usually did stammer quite a bit, but this time it seemed off. It swore it could see Jon fidget somewhat.

“You okay there?” the anthropomorphic cat questioned.

Jon perked up, his face seemingly becoming a bit… warmer. Science could tell his face got a hue greener in the cheeks.

“Yeah! Yeah, yeah. I-I mean I guess I’m okay!” he replied reluctantly.

Science quizzically raised his eyebrow again. Something was definitely up. However, he decided not to pursue Jon with further questions. It didn’t want to upset him in any possible way, as it liked him. A lot. But he wouldn’t let it show, at least not right now. They were basically trapped in what seemed like an endless, directionless mansion.

“Let’s just look around,” Science said at last.

They turned their heads to scope out the room before them. It was a fairly medium-sized room.

The walls were a sickly orange tone, while the floor was bare wood. There was a large cedar-wood shelf on the wall opposite of the two, as well as a quaint maroon stool. There was a light that was on on the ceiling, but no lightswitch to be found.

Jon brought his paw-like hand to his chin while slightly looking down. He tapped his foot impatiently, lost in thought.

Science kept darting his eyes throughout the four-walled “enclosure” of sorts, looking for any sort of even minor clue that would guide them out of the locked room.

Jon had managed to escape several locked rooms that seemed to have no way to get out of beforehand, so Science knew there would be a way out. Any way.

Science began pacing the room, still trying to peek around as much as possible. It walked over to the shelf. It had around three shelves, and reached about a few inches taller than the feline. He inspected it, but could find nothing of note on the shelves. Meanwhile, Jon was feeling the wall to the right of where they entered, looking for guidance in his own way.

They silently kept checking every little corner they could for what felt like an eternity, but was more like around fifteen minutes. They did not look at each other too much aside from peripheral vision.

Science had his back turned to Jon, inspecting the shelf once more. It noticed, where the back met the wall, that there was a very miniscule, but still relatively noticeable, gap. Behind it, he noticed something: There was a slight hint of a doorframe behind it! His ears perked up immediately as his eyes grew at the prospect of escape..

He hadn’t directly looked at Jon in a minute. “Hey, man, come check this ou-” He whipped his head around to alert its “traveling companion,” only to be cut short at the sight he witnessed.

There was Jon Motivation, the shyest guy Science could conjure at that point in time, feeling the wall again. But he wasn’t feeling the wall with both hands; he instead had one hand balled into a fist propping him up as he faced the wall, bent forward. The other hand was deep between his thighs, grasping at his groin.

His head shot to the side to greet Science with eyes the size of dinner plates, his face brightly emeraldized in color.

“Ah- Heck… I… S-Science, I-” Jon exclaimed while visibly trembling. Tears formed in his eyes.

“Bro, why didn’t you tell me you had to go?” Science replied, shocked at how pained he looked.

Science’s eyes grew wide at the view as it felt himself get hot. And bothered, but he didn’t want to admit to itself that it was. He wouldn’t dare. Not like this.

“I just… Frick… I haven’t found a bathroom in ages! I’ve been needing to go, like, twelve or fifteen rooms before this!”

Science rewinded in its mind how long ago that was. The rooms they had been to before this one were quite vast, with hallways to match in between rooms. It must have been at least a few hours since he had started to need to go, and Bonbon had provided them with water some time before their escapade, which he had steadily been sipping on.

It knew what it had to do. He wanted to help out Jon as best as it could. Immediately following the realization of time, he brought his arms up to the side of the shelf, and pushed with all its strength.

It actually wasn’t as heavy as he thought it would be, and he could’ve slapped himself for not checking the behind of it earlier. After some moments, Science had completely pushed the shelf forward in his direction, and unveiled a navy-blue door frame, complete with a crimson red door.

Jon watched in surprise at the feat Science was performing, bringing the other, unused hand to his crotch as well, layering it over the previous hand-paw. His legs were crossed over each other as he bobbed up and down a bit. It was getting to be too much.

The butterfly-winged-cat put his arms to his sides, temporarily letting his body relax. It was not as heavy as it thought it would be, yes, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t difficult to push. He huffed and puffed a bit.

“I… Hfff… Found the door, anyways! Ghh…” Science panted out at last.

The green-haired flower man stood there trembling, locked into position, no longer bobbing.

“I-I…” he choked out.

“...Are you even able to move?” Science asked.

Jon didn’t even reply verbally. He just shook his head to indicate no, he could not.

Science felt himself fluster a bit under his short coat of fur. He thought of a suggestion, but didn’t know if it would be appropriate to say.

It opened and closed its mouth several times, before sighing and turning its head away.

Despite turning his head, he spoke up about his suggestion.

“I, uh, well… How do I put this?” it began.

Science couldn’t see it, but while it stopped his sentence to inhale a bit nervously, Jon cocked his head questioningly.

He continued on to say, “ Well I guess… I wouldn’t really care if you… Y’know. Went on the floor. I won’t watch.”

As soon as the last word was said into existence, Science balled his paws into fists at its sides, clenching his eyes shut.

Jon froze. Could he really…?

At that moment while he turned it over in his mind, still gripping himself, a jet of his pent-up piss made itself past his sphincter. He yelped as he realized what was happening.

The spurt only lasted a second at most, but it was enough to dampen his boxers.

Science opened one of his eyes, peeking at Jon to see if he would answer with a motion of his head.

However, realization struck them both: Jon was wearing suspender-adorning pants.

Jon groaned as he realized he would have to undo them, and that would require removing his hands from his now-sorta-wet crotch.

Science realized it as it heard him groan.

Opening both eyes and turning his head to Jon once more, it decided it had no shame anymore. He didn’t want his partner-in-mansion-exploration to have to suffer walking around with soaked pants.

“Do you need help with your suspenders?” Science asked.

“Frick- Please…” Jon whimpered out, sharply gasping as another quick, two second stream caused his pants to get wet a bit. He was wearing black pants, so there was no visible stain, however even Science could hear the loud hiss ring out through the room. The beyond frantically desperate of the two got even more forest-green in the face.

Science practically dashed over to get to the front of his companion and kneeled before the glistening below his waist, raising his paws up to align to where the buttons attached the suspenders to the pants.

“You sure it’s fine for me to do this? I-”

“I’m gonna fricking explode any seco-” Another spurt, causing him to groan even louder and longer than the initial one.

“Alright, alright-”

Science worked fast, unbuttoning the suspenders in mere seconds. It flipped them over Jon’s shoulders to make them fall behind him, causing them to lay against his back. He still had a mad death grip on himself.

“Uh, dude, if you want me to pull them down fully, you’re gonna have to ungrab yourself,” Science informed him.

“B-But if I do, I’ll-!” Jon gasped out.

“Just for a second. I’ll be fast.”

Science grabbed the sides of his undone pants while Jon audibly gulped. He whipped his hands out from under his crotch, balling them into fists at his sides. The feline’s paw-thumbs were hooked around the waist of Jon’s pants, hooking into the waistband of his boxers as well for a quick removal.

As soon as his hands were out of the way, Science ripped his pants and boxers down.

Uh, wait.

Science had totally forgotten to look away in the heat of the moment, and pulling down the garments revealed Jon’s dribbling pussy, with his leafy pubes surrounding it. His thighs were slick as steady droplets of urine dripped out of him into the boxers around his knees.

“Oh-” Science immediately realized what he had done and nearly gave itself whiplash looking away, shielding his eyes with a paw. He swore Jon could probably see him blush through his fur.

As soon as Jon’s dick was exposed to the air, the droplets turned into jets of piss, soaking the area around him. He panicked, not wanting to get any on Science, and in his panic, fell over backwards.

He landed on his ass, legs spread but connected together with his pants-and-boxers combo, and the jets turned into one full firehose-like spray.

Still on its knees and looking away, Science managed to crawl away from the direct line of sight of his crush’s piss.

At long last, Jon Motivation was able to relieve himself.

A strong rush of relief surged through his body as he gushed, his muscles glad to be able to relax for once. Without caring about Science being nearby, he threw his head back and moaned loudly, the volume of his moan competing with the hiss of his stream.

Science just kept its paw over its glasses. Behind his paw, his eyes were wide open at what he was hearing. It turned him on so bad, causing him to sweat. He did NOT want to appear weird to Jon, for the love of-

Deep deep down, in a gross little corner of Science, it wanted to take a quick glance, but he refrained completely. He knew that’d be messed up, but still, it wished so bad that he would be okay with it. Alas…

Jon had his head tilted fully back for close to half a minute, before it started to hurt. He tilted his head forward, opening his eyes as he did so. Upon looking down somewhat, he realized something devastating: his stream was so pressurized, it was shooting right into the garb around his knees.

“Oh. Oh. Frick, heck, G-Gosh. I-” he stammered out without realizing the words were coming out of his mouth.

Science’s ears perked up upon hearing this. He still refrained from looking, but its mind (and heart) was racing. He swore its heart was pounding through his shirt, and he could feel himself shaking a bit.

Jon used his hands to try to desperately stop his stream, but ended up getting them soaked in the process. He decided the best course of action was to push his dick down from the front, into the floor. It splashed up a bit, but at least it was better than destroying his one pair of pants.

Since the floor was just wood, it puddled everywhere, and seeped into the flooring. It was polished, finished wood for sure, just… Not absorbable.

After some time had passed, the hissing started to dull down quite a bit, until it was finally over.

Jon sat there in his own piss mess, panting and breathing heavily as everything that just happened sunk in for him.

He looked around, observing how bad it was.

Yeah, it was pretty bad.

The thighs of his pants were soaked, and the crotch of his pants, as well as boxers, were a cooling, wet disaster.

He saw that Science still wasn’t looking, which both eased up his pain a bit and disappointed him, in the weirdest way possible.

As he stared at the massive puddle he was apart of, tears began to form in his eyes.

“S-Science…” Jon croaked out.

Science froze upon his name being heard. “Y-Yeah?” it said after a moment.

“I… I need help… it’s fine if you see, I-I just…” he began, then trailed off.

The words took a minute to register for Science. He swore it thought it would pass out from shock.

With a deep breath, it closed his eyes, slowly removed its paw from his glasses, and peeked to its side.

Yep, that sure was Jon propped up on his hands, knees up, and sitting in a puddle of pee.

From the angle that Science was kneeling at, he could just see the top of where Jon’s “pubes” started. Everything below that was concealed by his sodden pants.

The vampiric anthro cat’s heart started pounding again as it realized it was gonna see his pussy.

He started to stand up. His footpaw stepped into the edge of the puddle, causing him to reel slightly.

“I’m sorry! I just-” Jon began to cry a bit.

“Nonono, it’s ok, man. I’m really not grossed out easily.” But I sure am gross, myself, Science remarked mentally.

It looked down at the floor, into the somewhat-reflective puddle. He was figuring out how to approach Jon in the driest way possible.

Eventually, Science decided to screw it, and stepped fully into the bodily fluids. It got a chill up its spine as it was cooling quite quickly, and was less-than-lukewarm to the touch.

It reached its paw out.

“Come on, man. It’s okay,” Science said as it looked down at the sitting man.

Jon looked at Science’s paw, judging whether he should grab it with his wet hand, then sighed and grabbed hold of it.

“Careful, careful…” Science mumbled loudly while helping its partner to his feet. Its paw pads were now dampened, as well.

Shakily, Jon rose up from where he sat, putting another hand into the ground’s puddle to steady himself and make sure he didn’t slip as he got up.

As he got entirely up on his feet, Science continued to hold his hand, and helped him step over the edge.

Managing to not slip or trip over his undone suspendered pants, he stood on dry ground.

Urine was dripping off from practically every area under his waist. It pitter-pattered on the floor beneath him as Science realized once more he was practically seeing Jon naked.

After staring at the front of his crotch without meaning to, Jon looked down to indeed realize he was exposed.

With his face flushing again, Jon’s hands flew to the front of his pussy to have a halfway decent chance of somehow regaining his dignity.

Science took a complete 180 as fast as possible, then piped up about the current issue at hand:

“So, uh, your pants…”

Jon almost started crying again, realizing he would have to walk around in soaking wet, cold fabric for who-knows-how-long.

“I-I don’t know…”

Science was facing the wall, the wall with the most important key to this whole issue: the door to the next room from behind the shelf.

Its eyes lit up. “Do you mind staying here for a second while I scope out the other room? Gotta make sure there’s no purple goop in there…”

“Whatever,” Jon replied, defeated.

Science approached the door and tested the knob. As a matter of fact, it was open.

It entered the frame, into the next room.

This room was slightly larger than the last, with a bit more props. The walls were a desaturated oceanic blue, with the floor being forest green shag carpeting. There was white trim circling the floor, where the floor met the walls.

There was another door, a simple mahogany wood door. There was no special frame to it.

To Science’s right was a relatively small mint-green desk, and to the left, a bed.

There was something on the bed. Science couldn’t see it too well from his current standing point.

The bed was just a low bed frame with a plain white mattress on it, with nothing else. Well, almost nothing else; as Science got closer to it, it slowly realized there were folded clothes on the bed!

Stunned at the coincidence, Science grabbed the top folded garment. It was an oversized orange-and-green-striped sweater. Underneath it, he found something that was too much to be a coincidence: there were a pair of plain blue boxers, and plain black sweatpants!

Science snatched them and rushed back to the other room, hollering as it went. Jon was still standing, moving his head around to look, and covering himself with his hands.

“Jon! Bro! You’ll never believe what I found in the other room!” Science grinned wide as it held out the dry clothes. “Try them on!”

“Oh! OH!!” Jon’s eyes sparkled at the sight. He felt supremely blessed.

“Like I said before, I won’t look if you change…”

Jon nodded his head quickly as Science turned around.

Science heard the “thud” of sopping pants and boxers hitting the floor and felt something weird inside it.

After a few more moments, Jon was finished.

“Okay, you can look now!” he exclaimed.

Science turned back around to lay eyes on the cutest look a boy has ever worn.

“They fit almost perfectly! How does it look?”

Science almost started fanning its face with the hem of the neck-opening of his shirt. It really liked how he looked dressed up after only wearing a tie, collared shirt, and suspenders since they met.

The shirt was way bigger on Jon than either of them thought it would be, but the pants (and assuming the) boxers fit him very nicely.

Science gave a shaky thumbs up with a crooked smile, trying not to appear like it was gonna swoon and fall over from how adorable his companion looked.

“Okay, so now what?” the infinitely relieved one asked.

“Can we ditch your, uh, old clothes? I don’t think either of us wants to carry them…”

“Yeah, of course!”

Science gave a more proper smile, and tilted its head twice in quick succession into the direction of the door. “Let’s beat this joint.”

***

“Hey, Jon, what’s with the new getup?” Bonbon asked as Science and Jon reunited with the rest of the crew.

Jon froze, using all his mental might to come up with a snappy, good excuse.

“I-”

“He, uh, slipped in a puddle. Not of the purples, but a puddle. Right, dude?” Science piped up loudly.

“Oh! Oh. Yeah.” Jon replied, going along with it.

Science gave him a discreet smirk as he turned his head so no one could see him blush.

