Eva

Author: fullbladder

*000*2015-05-19 07:23

Chapter 2

James looked up from his work, alerted by the knock at his open office door. He smiled pleasantly, welcoming the young lady in. "Ms. Lopez, hello! I was wondering if I'd see you at some point this semester!"

Eva could sense that he knew all along she would visit him eventually. It bothered her that he seemed to be able to predict her so easily. Yet, it also seemed to be the quality that intrigued her so much. His understanding of the human mind and calm, cerebral demeanor drove her nuts. He also seemed like a real challenge to drag into her bed, unlike all the other guys she had slept with. There really was no nobility in what she did.

Basically any male she happened to be remotely attracted to had ended up inside her- high school jocks who looked good in muscle shirts, nerds who enjoyed the right comics, rockers in cool bands, older men with fancy rides, class clowns who made her laugh, drug dealers who could get her the best stuff. She really didn't care about the hearts she broke or what people thought. She attributed the entire gong show to a lack of a father growing up. She and her poor mother had been abandoned by that jerk named Brock who just happened to be her sperm donor. Fuck him. Fuck men. Fuck them all, literally and figuratively.

Eva was happy to see the office was vacant of other students. She had feared she might have to wait to get James alone. "Hi. I-I wanted to ask you about the role of pheromones in sexual attraction." Always the prepared and strategic type, Eva had purposely chosen a topic of a sexual nature, hoping it would lead to more interesting conversation. In all honesty, she found the course material pretty easy to understand. That didn't mean that it wasn't fascinating, though. She walked purposefully to his chair, stopping so she was just one foot away, facing him.

James nodded thoughtfully, as if digesting her question. He was a careful talker, always measuring up his own responses before opening his mouth. "Yes, that is an interesting topic- from a couple weeks ago, if I recall correctly. Is there anything specific you were wondering about?"

"Well, I have been doing some reading about this, just to... expand a little on what you covered in class. There seems to be some debate on exactly how they work with humans and if there is a significant impact."

"And what do you think?"

Eva looked at her instructor for a moment with surprise. He seemed to be a step ahead of her, asking all the questions and having her doing the explaining. It was as if he knew she was up to no good and he was going to make her earn every minute of conversation with him. Why wasn't he jumping head over heels to impress her with his profound knowledge? Did he not find her appealing?

"I think there is obviously an impact, especially with the whole periods matching up thing with women... but in terms of actually wanting to mate with someone just cuz of how they smell.. I dunno. Is there really a major impact from pheromones in these kinds of decisions?" She made sure to end with a question this time to try to get James talking.

He paused again. "Well, let's see. You are wearing perfume today- what made you decide to do that?"

Eva blushed. Why was he making this so darn hard? Maybe this was all a bad idea. After all, she could pick out any frat boy she wanted on her walk home and screw him for the rest of the day if she pleased. However, she wasn't the type to give up so easily.

"Um..well.. I didn't really think too much about it- I guess it smells nice to me." She shrugged.

James clapped his hands together empathically. "Bingo! Evolution can truly be just as simple as that! We tend to over-simplify everything so we can understand the world, but there are hundreds, thousands, millions of involuntary actions which influence the decisions we make. We don't like thinking like that because we want to feel like we are in control, as much as we possibly can be."

Eva was puzzled. "But what does any of this have to do with my choice to wear perfume today?"

James smiled, finally appearing to be engaged in the conversation. Eva realized in that moment that attracting him was entirely dependent on her intellectual capability and not her looks. She grew excited at the challenge presented to her. She was bored of guys clamouring all over her; this was certainly a welcome change. "It has everything to do with it. You might feel like having sex when you wake up or just have someone next to you to hold. Who knows, maybe you'll desire just to be noticed by someone that day so you put on perfume to emit a stronger scent than you do naturally. It's all subconsciously playing the game of control. Attraction is all about exerting a certain degree of control over the other person. However, people don't realize how much it's all dependent on things we don't voluntarily control, pheromones for instance."

Eva opened her mouth to tell him she could have any man she wanted regardless of his or her involuntary tastes, but caught herself in time. She had probably acted way to slutty for his liking already. Once again, she felt perplexed at how well he seemed to know her, as if he was inside her head. It scared her. He probably knew how crazy she was about him. Yet, she still wanted nothing more to screw his brains out right there in his office.

She stood quietly in place for a moment, thinking about everything he had just told her. Maybe she really did enjoy the control aspect of her "relationships" with men. Her father had left them spinning in place, out of control. She had never forgiven him for that. Maybe she had translated her dark attitude onto all the men she had encountered in her life. Attracting them to her and using them for pleasure was a way of controlling them. It was even a way of validating herself, proving that she was beautiful, desirable, wanted.

She awoke from her brief thoughtful daze to find James beaming at her. His student had just experienced a Eureka! moment. It was what he loved about his job. Sure the research was often interesting and lectures were critical for helping students complete their academic requirements before they stepped out into the real world, but this was what he really valued. That rare occasion when he could deliver an epiphany of sorts to a young mind. He had his initial doubts about Eva, but now he could see a real curiosity in her. It was too early to say but she might have the potential to be something great.

Eva still didn't know what to say. She felt embarrassed at trying to seduce her instructor. At the same time, if she hadn't come to see him, she would not have learned all this new interesting stuff. She finally spoke up. "Wow, that is a lot to think about for sure! I never really thought of attraction in that way..."

James was in a chatty mood now. "Not many people do. The fact of the matter is we are bombarded ideas from the environment that surrounds us, especially when it comes to sexuality. There are advertisements everywhere flashing images of lingerie, clothes, make-up, perfumes- all things we can control. Society never focuses on elements we can't control since there's usually no profit to be made from them and, as I said before, we really despise the idea of not being in control."

Eva took a moment to think again. It made perfect sense. She could easily be in the advertisements he was talking about. She fit the description of beauty well and had been constantly praised on her breasts, legs, eyes, and everything else by lovers. She had never thought about the science behind it all. Perhaps she was protecting herself from the twisted emotions in her own mind stemming from her childhood. Why had she had sex with all those men? Was there a reason she had selected those particular males? She was interested to learn more. She had actually been seeking something to be passionate about in her studies. Hopefully, James wouldn't think she was still feigning interest.

"Do you think you could..." Her voice trailed off as she tried to phrase the question in a way that made it clear she wasn't still trying to hit on him.

James smiled and interjected. "You want some more material to read on this topic?"

Eva nodded eagerly and giggled, both in happiness and relief. He really was inside her head! "Yes! Thank you!"

"No problem at all." He ripped off a paper from a pad at his desk and scribbled down three papers and their authors. "Feel free to come back and discuss these with me. I quite enjoyed our discussion, Eva."

Eva giggled again. She loved the sound of him saying her name. "I will. Thank you professor."

"James. I hate formalities." He smiled at her again.

Eva blushed and grinned again. "OK. Thanks, James." She turned to leave but was stopped by his voice.

"Actually... wait. There is one last paper you might be interested in, but it's a bit... different." He hesitated and scribbled down another note before handing it to her. "Bye now."

She waved goodbye and exited the office before looking down at the last note. It read "A detailed look into the bladder's role in sexuality", authored by James Lavigne.

Chapter 3

Dr. Lopez clapped her hands together and called out to command silence and attention from her class. The room quickly quietened down and the students almost uniformly opened their binders to write notes. As usual, she asked them to get out their assignments so that they could check their work and ask questions as she spent the first thirty minutes of lecture time going over the solutions. She unscrewed her half-litre disposable water bottle took a swig from it before starting the lecture.

Eva had been teaching at Ohio State for nearly ten years now and sometimes the only thing that got her through these lectures was her steadily filling bladder. She had a fun routine she amused herself with on lecture days. After her morning trip to the bathroom and shower, she always had a piece of fruit and large cup of coffee for breakfast. By the time she drove down to campus and walked to the lecture hall, she could usually feel a slight need to pee which she easily ignored. She drank a full litre of water over the duration of the lecture, one bottle before the ten minute break at the halfway mark and one bottle after. She was always squirming by the end of the three-hour lecture, though never in immediate danger of leaking into her panties. Well, not recently anyway.

She varied what she did with her full bladder depending on her mood. Sometimes she would simply rush to the washroom for some much needed relief. If she felt a little naughtier and happened to be wearing a skirt, she would hike it up and pee through her panties into the toilet. Perfume was great for masking the pee aroma and she could enjoy the wetness around her crotch for the rest of the day. Sometimes when she was exceptionally horny, she would just go to her office and lock the door to enjoy private fun. She'd take off her pants or skirt and place a towel on her chair (she stored clean towels everywhere) to lose control into as she researched or graded while consuming even more liquid.

After her office work was done, she would simply toss her wet panties and towel into a plastic bag to be added to the laundry at home and walk to her car. She had been caught with the bag a few times and a colleague had even commented about the smell, but she had just played it off as her sweaty gym attire which she had forgotten to wash for a while. She had even peed in her car during the twenty minute drive home on occasions when she didn't feel like sticking around after the lecture. She wondered how she would ever explain her wet pants and soaked towel beneath her if she happened to get pulled over. Luckily, it had never come to that... yet.

As Eva finished explaining the homework and opened the floor up for questions, a quartet of sorority girls walked through the door, heels clacking, and headed straight to the back of the large lecture hall. Eva had figured out quickly that the leader of this snobbish "holier than thou" group was a nineteen-year-old named Heather Smith.

She had known Heather was trouble the moment she had walked through the door that first lecture guarded by her clique of giggling pretty teens dressed from head to toe in the latest fashion shipped in from Europe. Eva knew the type well- the statuesque blonde who won prom queen by a landslide and dated the starting quarterback until it was time to find someone better in college. She showed up to a handful of lectures, always late, and spent the duration of the class in the very back of the hall texting away, bursting into quiet giggles ever so often.

Eva had seen enough of those students to know not to bother with worrying about them. They usually stuck around for a year or two then dropped out to get married or loiter in their wealthy parents' basement for a while. She had always wondered how they got into Ohio State in the first place, probably a result of a sizeable donation from their parents. She hardly cared, just so long they didn't disturb the class too much.

The only thing that ticked her off a little about Heather was that she was so keen on showing off her tight little body to the class that she almost always came up to the front during the break to ask bullshit questions, making sure she bent over the wooden desk to flash her ass to all the boys behind her. She made sure to wear skin-tight jeans or mini-skirts, so they were definitely in for a real treat on the rare instances she showed up for class. Eva figured that Heather was probably even sluttier than she had been at her age.

Heather's eagerness to strut to the front of the class the moment break was announced actually reminded Eva of another student who had almost caused her major embarrassment in her second year of teaching, as a PhD candidate. She had just started to play around with filling up her bladder during lectures, with boredom kicking in already. However, she had taken way too much risk, lacking experience with the practice of filling up over a three hour lecture. It hadn't seemed like a problem at first, as she downed coffee, water, juice before the lecture then simply emptied her extremely full bladder during the break. The water sipped through the lecture ensured that she was full again at the end to enjoy relief a second time.

However, a new Asian student named Sarah had proven herself to be over-zealous beyond Eva's imagination. She spewed out question after question at the instructor during break, denying her any opportunity to visit the ladies room. After Eva finally dismissed her, there were two other students waiting with questions. The break stretched to fifteen minutes and Eva had no choice but to continue lecturing immediately. She wisely stopped drinking water but the desperation mounted relentlessly as time passed. It was somehow exciting for her; her bladder was filling up to dangerous levels while she tried her best to maintain her dignity. With a whole hour to go, she had her legs tightly pressed together trying not to show symptoms of her growing need. Her hands shook and voice wavered as she attempted to maintain professionalism.

If only there was an assignment or pop quiz she could push onto the students to give herself just two minutes to run to the toilet! Unfortunately, she had nothing prepared. She was all alone in front of the class, in clear visibility, in a state of absolute despair. It was an escalating, helpless struggle against her own bladder. She wondered how many of her students had figured out her predicament. She looked like a mess- legs crossed with constant shifting, panic showing all over face, beads of cold sweat running down her neck.

With half an hour to go, she had started to lose track of what she was teaching. She misspoke several times, with more and more of attention being diverted to her bladder. Suddenly, she felt herself squirt. She had to get out of there by any means necessary or she would pee herself in front of her students. Desperately, she turned away from the class in mid-sentence and stuck her hand into her crotch. She could feel her urine trickling down from her wet panties down the inside of her leg. She hastily grabbed a piece of chalk to scribble down some random homework questions from the chapter's self-test section and dismissed the class. She could sense the shocked silence behind her, with the lecture ending so abruptly and a full thirty minutes early.

Gratefully, the students started shuffling behind her as she slowly released her grip on her crotch and turned around to face them once again. She realized in horror that pushing the dark cloth into her wet vaginal region had produced a small, but visible damp spot on the front of her skirt. She casually folded her hands together in front of her crotch to try to shield it from view as much as possible. She saw a couple of students making their way down towards her. "No, no, NO! Please not right now... PLEASE NO!" she thought to herself. She needed to get to the washroom more urgently than ever before in her life. She didn't need questions- she needed to GO!

She noticed the students' gaze shift to the front of the class and they miraculously turned away to walk out of the lecture hall in semi-frustration. It was no miracle- Sarah had already started a brisk walk straight from the front row to Eva's desk. Eva felt her bladder spasm and she pressed her two-handed fist into her crotch, just barely suppressing a second squirt. It was truly a matter of time now before her bladder emptied into her clothes, completely beyond her control. A matter of minutes if she was lucky, a matter of seconds if she wasn't.

Eva somehow focussed enough of her attention to address the girl's first question in quick fashion. Unfortunately, there was a lengthy list of others. As Sarah nodded her head in satisfaction at the first response and looked down at her notepad to read a long second question, Eva squirted again-hard. She somehow resisted grabbing her crotch, knowing her student would undoubtedly notice the movement. She nearly burst into tears as she pressed her legs together as tight as possible, just managing to stem the flow after peeing for a good three seconds.

As Sarah looked up, Eva felt the warm pee flowing down all the way to her knees before dripping off her legs to the marble floor between her feet. She helplessly watched a small puddle form behind the desk, before regaining the common sense to look up at her student. Luckily, the lecture hall had just emptied and the girl three feet in front of her seemed to be a total introvert and hadn't realized what was going on behind her instructor's desk. Thank God the furniture was there to shield Eva's shame from view. She needed to escape NOW or she would have a full-blown accident right where she stood.

Eva somehow deciphered the second question and found a brilliant way, under extreme duress, to escape Sarah's wrath. "Y-you know what, I actually came across a great paper about that I can give you. Wait here-I'll be right back!"

Eva rushed out of the hall, feeling droplets run off the hem of her skirt behind her. She heard Sarah protest, but ignored her. She could wait five minutes if she wanted to waste that much of her instructor's time every lecture. Each hurried step was torture for Eva. She felt a painful jolt in her bladder as she scrambled to the nearest toilet. The washroom wasn't too far from the lecture hall, about ten yards, but it was absolute hell for Eva in her state.

Despite her iron-hold on her crotch, she started to lose control just outside the washroom. Her pee stream sprinkled unto the floor and wet her shoes as she dashed past a couple of girls at the sinks into the first cubicle, which was gratefully empty. Hiking up her skirt while slamming the door shut with her foot as she planted her ass down on the toilet, she continued peeing through her panties no longer able to stop her bladder's natural voiding. She could hear the girls outside giggling as she sighed with immense relief, finally able to let go after holding far too much liquid for far too long.

Finally, as the noisy stream into the toilet bowl subsided, Eva inspected the damage to her skirt. the wet spot in the front had grown to the size of a tennis ball. The back was even more wet; she could feel the wetness with her hand. There was no way she could go back to address her student in this state. She had to somehow find a way to get to her car without being seen like this. She began sobbing softly- she was so screwed. The girls in the washroom were still laughing and gossiping quietly at how badly the woman had needed to pee. Thankfully, they hadn't recognized her as she had dashed by. Eva couldn't determine if they were her students; they easily could have been since the washroom was the closest to her lecture hall. She wondered if they would notice her pee trail leading into the cubicle.

The girls eventually exited the washroom, still giggling. They somehow failed to notice the wet floor on their way out. It was a huge break for Eva. She definitely did NOT want them hanging around to identify her when she emerged from the cubicle or speculate if she had made it in time.

Just then, the chatter outside intensified. The "Introduction to Economics" class with about 200 students had just ended! Eva realized was probably her best chance to get to the parking lot without being noticed too much. Thinking quickly, she stripped off her thin sweater and tied it around her waist, so the back of her wet outfit was at least secluded. She hustled out of the cubicle and waited by the door for girls to pop in. There would be a sizeable number of ladies needing relief after the long lecture. Sure enough, the door opened seconds later and a line of young women started to file in. Eva strategically used them as a shield as she scurried across the busy hall to position herself behind a trio of tall men, presumably basketball players judging from their height and chatter about last night's game. She followed them down the hall as they shielded her from view all the way outside.

Eva thanked her lucky stars as they headed towards the parking lot and right past her BMW to their shiny red Ford truck. She scrambled to the trunk to exchange her sweater for a fresh towel and threw it on the driver's seat before sitting down. She noticed a puzzled look from a fourth-year student walking by, but figured he was none the wiser as she started her sports car and drove away. She called Sarah later that day to apologize for not coming back; an emergency had come up. It was the truth. To make up for the hasty exit, she spent an hour on the phone with her answering questions, still wearing her soiled panties. The day ended up being a personal sexual thrill for years to come; she still masturbated thinking about it.

Back in the present day, break time had arrived. She instructed everyone to be back in their seats in exactly ten minutes. As if on cue, Heather stood up and made her way to Eva's desk.

Chapter 4

Twenty-year-old Eva rubbed her pussy through her wet panties. She had read James' paper twice, before getting to enjoy it to the full extent now, with her roommate gone home for the weekend. Just as Zoe had started packing on Friday afternoon, Eva had filled her 1L water bottle and walked to the park to sip as she waited. By the time she returned with an empty bottle, Zoe had left. Eva already felt a slight need to pee but knew things would intensify as she read through the forty-five pages a third time, sipping wine.

James' research had been incredibly detailed, almost certainly exhaustive. Eva had gained a fascinating amount knowledge about the great history behind pee play especially golden showers, the similarities between an orgasm and emptying one's bladder, even the ongoing research behind squirting. She had no idea that peeing was an involuntary brain function. Now, all the stuff James had said to her made sense- about humans feeling like they were in control even when they weren't. Even with something as basic and natural as going to the bathroom, everyone was gravely misinformed!

Eva could feel the man's passion through his writing. She was sure he had chosen such a topic to research based on his own interests. He probably had a pee fetish of some sort, likely stemming from his views of giving up control. Oh, how she would love to give up control of herself to him. It was funny; she had never felt such a strong urge to submit to a man the way she wanted to succumb to him. She would let him do anything to her- abuse her in any fashion he pleased to fulfill his wet fantasies. She shuddered helplessly in her seat, dribbling pee into her panties and towel. Her rubbing intensified as she continued to read past the halfway point of the paper.

Eva never made it to the end of the paper that night. She grew so exhausted from the wine and cumming three times that she just managed to drag her wet ass from her desk to her bed before collapsing into a deep slumber.

The next morning, she found herself in the office building once again. James had this uncanny ability to attract her to him like no man before. Unfortunately, his office was locked and she had to pee very badly. She frantically searched both floors for a washroom but there appeared to be none in the building. She grabbed her crotch and hurried towards the exit. She would find a place to squat outside. Suddenly, James stepped in front of her, a dark shadow blocking her path to the bright sunny area just a few steps away.

"Going somewhere, Eva?"

Eva danced desperately in place. She was too desperate to be polite. She was on the verge of having a huge accident. She tried to step around him, but he moved swiftly to block her path again. His hand reached out to press against her chest, further restricting her movement. She opened her mouth to speak but somehow couldn't, overcome by desperation and sexual excitement. He spoke again. "I need to pee too. Follow me."

He guided her lightly with his hand, almost magically into a classroom. He tore open her blouse, revealing her 40D breasts dressed in a snow-white bra. He unzipped his pants and pulled out his penis, nearly six inches long even in a flaccid state. He directed a powerful pee stream at her breasts, yellowing her bra. She could feel the heat from his piss on her skin. Despite getting drenched, she still struggled to maintain control, squirming violently on the spot.

"Give up control and let go, Eva!", James commanded as he continued to pee on her. "You know it's totally involuntary! Stop struggling- you know you can't hold it!"

He was so right. All of this was way too much to bear. She relaxed her urethra and let her pee flow through her panties onto the floor below. Somehow, her own pee felt much warmer and wetter than James' stream which had been flowing down her body. She felt the hot liquid pooling around her midsection, wetting her ass, legs, tummy. Wait- tummy?

Eva's eyes flew open in realization of what had just happened. Despite her tight grip on her pussy even after awakening, she had lost control of her bladder in her sleep and wet her bed. Her bladder was still quite full- she must have stopped peeing seconds earlier, as she had come to the realization that it was all a dream. The warm wet bed felt strangely pleasant against her essentially naked lower body. She had half a mind to just let go and empty her bladder entirely into her bed, but realized she might ruin her mattress. Hopefully she could get most of the pee smell out, so Zoe and future boys wouldn't find out she was a bed-wetter.

Hesitantly, she lifted the covers and took a peek. The damage didn't seem too bad- there was a wet spot a little larger than a soccer ball. She relaxed for a moment and tried to plan out what to do next. She needed to do a whole lot of laundry today for sure. But first, she needed to get to the girl's washroom fifteen feet away from her bedroom door. She certainly couldn't risk going out in her wet t-shirt and panties. She could wipe herself off with a towel then just change into fresh underwear. She would zoom past any girl she encountered in the hallway or washroom so the urine scent wouldn't be detected. Yes, that was good idea.

As she arose from bed, she realized that her only towel was already drenched in pee from last night. She definitely needed to find a clean towel to dry herself off after the much-needed shower. Looking around the room, she decided that she would just wipe the pee now with her dirty (but dry) laundry then use Zoe's towel after her shower. The towel would be washed and dried later that day along with her own laundry so her roommate would never find out.

Eva caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she got out of bed to strip off her soiled clothes. She paused for a moment to admire the sight. Her white cotton panties were drenched to the point of transparency and there was a wet semi-circle on her grey t-shirt up to her belly button. She turned slightly to inspect her wet ass. She had pissed herself in her sleep while dreaming of James. He had peed on her and made her wet herself. It was so hot, even as a dream. The sexual feelings of the dream came rushing back to her, replacing the anxiety and tension.

She jumped back into bed, sliding her hand into her wet panties. She rubbed herself frantically, trying to visualize her dream- James giving her a golden shower as he commanded her to wet her panties. She climaxed in under two minutes, gasping audibly and just managing to stifle her shrieks to avoid waking her neighbours. There appeared to be real truth behind some of the studies cited in James' paper which reported an enhanced sense of sexual sensation for women with full bladders. As her heart rate subsided, she realized with horror that her need to pee had intensified significantly as a result of her orgasm. She needed to get to a toilet NOW. She scrambled to pull Zoe's towel out from the shared closet and messily wrapped it around her waist, just high enough to cover the wet spot on her t-shirt.

She bolted straight from her bedroom to the shower stall, ignoring a couple of "good morning" greetings on the way. She started peeing right as she ripped off Zoe's towel and stepped into the shower, her severely weakened bladder unable to wait a moment longer. She scrambled to turn on the water to mask the sound of her pee stream hitting the fibreglass floor from her floor-mates at the vanities. Her clothes became wetter still under the shower as she stripped out of her t-shirt still peeing. She waited until she had finished urinating before removing her panties. She could smell the strong aroma emitted by them; she had been wetting them for over 12 hours now.

She smiled to herself in the shower. James had opened up a whole new world for her, full of wet fun. She would definitely have to pay him a visit to discuss the paper. It was going to be a long but exciting wait to Monday morning.

