Zero Gravity Desperation

Author: Jimmy Lang

*000*2014-06-10 20:55

A desperation story I wrote in an unusual setting. Hope you don't mind the length, and enjoy!

Commander Staci Kyle of the Sub-Autonomous Space Station Sultano scratched the visor of her space helmet as she hastily jammed it into her equipment locker. It was a stupid mistake that she would not have usually made, but she was a little distracted at this point – she needed to pee very badly.

Staci was coming off of a five-and-a-half hour space walk to replace damaged solar panels outside of the ship. Her urge to pee had steadily mounted the whole time but she had never let on and hadn’t let it distract from the work. Still, it had been very uncomfortable and her space suit had prevented her from crossing her legs to gain some relief.

A spacewalk is exhausting and dehydrating, and Staci had been sipping water the whole time to stay hydrated, despite her mounting urge. By the end, the vibrations of her power drill as they rocked and jostled her suit had been torture.

Now she was floating in zero gravity in the equipment bay, her two subordinates from the space walk having fortunately come in before her – as commander, she was last in. Her auburn hair was matted with sweat to her forehead and her regulation jumpsuit was sticking to her. She felt dampness around the waistband of her bikini panties but fortunately that was the only dampness so far. But perhaps not for long.

The equipment stowed, the only thing on her mind now was reaching the lavatory. She quickly floated down the hallway from the equipment lockers toward the crew dormitories. She pushed herself off from handrails and the rims of hatches as she went, sending herself hurtling toward relief as fast as she dared. When not in use, her hands were wringing the fabric of her jumpsuit nervously.

Getting to the toilet was everything. As commander, she could never live down the embarrassment of wetting herself, and the ocean of pee inside of her, if released into her clothes, would surely result in thousands of droplets. Some would be absorbed but her bladder was so full, and there would be so much liquid, that certainly a lot would float around and make a mess. Some drops might even short out electronics.

“Come on, come on,” she mumbled to herself as she forced this appalling thought from her mind and sailed toward relief. The lavatory was getting close. Just to the end of the hallway, then a short float up to another compartment, and it would be through the hatch on the right.

Gaining relief would be a difficult process in zero gravity, but one Staci had accomplished hundreds of times. First she would hook her feet into straps near the floor and wriggle her jumpsuit and panties down to her ankles, from where they would float back up approximately to her knees. Next, she would pull herself onto the toilet, but this was only engaged for solid waste. Once sitting, she would strap herself down and reach for a vacuum device on a hose, apply it to her crotch, and wait a few moments for it to rev up. After about ten seconds, (often a painful wait with relief so close at hand), the device would be ready and she could let go, spreading her legs as wide as the awkward position of her jumpsuit would allow. Then it was a matter of chasing down any rogue droplets that had escaped the suction of the nozzle and disinfecting it.

It was a bit of a process in regular situations but now, in her desperate state with her urine begging for release, it was going to be torture. Seeing the toilet always seemed to relax her bladder in anticipation of relief, but here in space there was about an additional minute between making it into the toilet and actually peeing.

Staci knew from experience how challenging it was to go through the steps while desperate. As a young cadet, she had once awoken with a fierce urge to pee and flown headlong into the lavatory compartment. Straining against the pressure inside of her, intimidated and panicking at the thought of the long, as-yet-unpracticed bathroom process, she had simply locked her feet into the straps, pulled her panties aside to make room for the nozzle, and let go. It had made a bit of a mess.

Thinking about this, Staci felt a jolt of urgent pressure that resolved as a stinging pain. It was going to be another photo finish and she was glad none of the crew was around to see this embarrassing dash. She was at the end of the hallway. The lavatory compartment was directly overhead and through a side hatch. As she kicked off of the floor, bringing about another urgent signal from her bladder, she heard a disheartening sound: the solid waste disposal unit being revved up in the lavatory. Someone else was in there!

Staci prayed that whoever it was would be quick. Reaching the hatch, Staci knocked. The shy, Russian-accented voice of Ensign Yulia Yushteshenko spoke: “I- I’m in here.”

“Damn it,” Staci swore under her breath, clutching desperately at her crotch with both hands as she floated a bit further up the cabin and away from the hatch. “Are you going to be long?” She asked.

“I just got in here. Sorry, commander.”

The solid waste compactor was complicated to operate even for Staci, and she knew that Ensign Yulia, on her first ever voyage, would take a particularly long time. There was no way Staci could wait for her without having an accident. She didn’t even feel like she could wait another ten seconds. Staci scrunched up her delicate face with its small upturned nose as another wave of bladder pressure hit her. She needed to pee now! There was no way she could wait out here. She would have to head to dormitory two, clear on the other side of the space station.

Staci pushed off as hard as she could down the hall. “Damn it, god damn – DAMNDamndamn!” Staci’s call started as a curse and then became faster and resolved into a squeal of pain as she felt an incredible, burning urge to pee. Even back when she had barely made it into the lav as a cadet, she had not had to go this badly.

Staci pushed herself off of the walls as hard as she could, traveling at about the speed of a run, bouncing and careening desperately off of bulkhead walls, up and down vertical tubes in a race against her body. On straightaways, she twisted her legs around into a tight knot with her hands jammed hard in between, gripping her pussy with all her might. She let her momentum carry her through the air in this hunched over position.

Staci was in this twisted little ball as she approached the door to the lavatory in dormitory two. Fortunately, no one was around. She was breathing fiercely and rapidly through her nose, sweating, her face scrunched up in agony. She was going so fast that she had to remove her hands from her crotch to arrest her movement when she slammed into the lavatory hatch.

“Thud!”

The jarring collision almost caused her to start peeing. Her momentum reduced, she threw her hands back into her crotch, bent over double, and half, shrieked, half whimpered as she fought off an urge that seemed to sear her pussy. Her feet kicked in the air as she floated against the wall.

She mumbled a mantra under her breath: “Please, please, please, please, please – oh god.” Once the urge passed, Staci released her grip on herself with one hand to hit the button to the lavatory’s automatic sliding hatch and pull herself in. Once inside, she kicked backward to hit the button to shut the hatch and engage the privacy lock, which brought her floating right above the toilet in the cramped little room.

Seeing these accessories was too much for her overworked bladder and Staci lost a hot, quick spurt into her underwear.

“Mmmmm,” she moaned, as she grabbed herself and twisted desperately while trying to regain control. The momentum of this carried her into a forward somersault. She reached one of her hands around and under her tight, athletic ass while the other ground into her swelling pussy lips on the front.

The spurt or pee tapered off but now Staci was upside down, facing away from the toilet and the urine nozzle, and about to start peeing all over herself, her clothes, and the three dimensional space of the room. Her panicked, twitching legs kicked desperately against nothing in the air above her head.

With one shaking hand, keeping the other on her aching pussy, she haltingly tugged at the zipper of her jumpsuit, bringing it all the way down to her bellybutton, revealing her sweat-soaked black tanktop sticking to her skin. Now she had to let go of her crotch to wiggle her arms out of the jumpsuit and pull it down. She whimpered the whole time, complicating it with her rushed, panicky movements, and her legs were twisted around and desperately kicking in the air as she performed this maneuver.

She moaned and exhaled sharply when she was done, pulling the jumpsuit down past her hips with one hand as the other flew back to squeeze the damp crotch of her panties. She felt her close-cropped pubic hair through the thin material. The jumpsuit material floated in a bunch back up around her ass. Her legs were curled completely underneath her under her ass.

“EIEE!” Staci shrieked in pain as yet another hot, burning spurt of urine shot out of her tortured peehole, through her fingers, and out into the atmosphere. Droplets floated directly through the soaked fabric of her panties and out on either end. This was it. She was peeing!

There was no time for the proper procedure. Staci grabbed the urine nozzle, switched it on, and shoved it against her panties before it was fully engaged, against her quavering, struggling vagina, just as her floodgates opened.

Even over the low hum of the nozzle, Staci could hear a loud hissing sound coming from between her vaginal lips. The roaring stream of urine was soaking her panties, seeping up her ass, sticking her panties to her legs and butt, and soaking her jumpsuit and escaping in droplets into the lav.

Staci cried with pleasure.

In the front, a torrent was roaring straight through her panties and into the urinary device, though many drops were floating out on either side, some coming up to the level of Staci’s face, others hitting her tanktop and soaking in there.

At the moment, Staci didn’t care. She shut her eyes and exhaled sharply several times, as at orgasm, as spurt after spurt of pee thrashed out of her overtaxed body. She floated forwards and sideways as she relaxed the muscles in her legs and her lips pursed into a quivering smile.

The relief was incredible.

When she was done, Staci chased down the many rogue drops floating around and pulled her spattered jumpsuit back up over her soaking panties. There were significant wet spots in the front, her ass, and on her thighs, but at least she hadn’t made a mess near any important equipment.

She gave a final sigh as she considered her sore and throbbing abdomen and floated as fast as possible to her quarters.

*004*2014-06-16 17:38

{{: 

Although, I have to ask - don't astronauts wear diapers for this exact reason?

}}

Artistic license! Haha. Thanks for the comments, everyone.

Oh and apparently we have a profanity filter that scrubs "A-S-*" I'll be sure to use "butt" in the future. oops. It would read better that way.

