Life is Strange

Author: facade

*026*2015-12-09 12:43

I'll probably post it on multiple sites. Including this one.

*028*2015-12-13 03:56

{{:

Are you still working on this story because I honestly like this.

}}

Someday.

*034*2016-01-09 03:41

{{:

If facade doesn't continue this, someone else should

}}

No. :( I'm working on it. I promise. I'll have it out by the end of the week or sooner. I don't want to rush it though so... just a few more days.

*036*2016-01-24 16:52

{{:

I have to commend you, facade. I've written things like this in the past where I have to recreate cutscenes via text, and it isn't easy (no sarcasm, I mean it. Try it sometime its a pain.) I really like this idea and I hope you keep it up. You know just when to insert omorashi and when to just keep to the original story of the game.

}}

Thank you. I'm still working on this (right now, as a matter of fact.) Sorry I didn't meet my deadline. I've been so distracted with other things lately and I go in and out of writing moods so sporadically that I rarely can get anything accomplished. I thought if I had set a public deadline, it would motivate me to work harder.

It did not.

If you want to know about how far I am, I'm right at the scene where Max is getting past Victoria. I have the rest of the chapter outlined. There will be 1.5 more wetting scenes in this next part.

*038*2016-01-24 23:18

{{:

So is Victoria going to wet because I would love to see that.

}}

Maybe eventually. I couldn't figure out a way to fit that in this episode. She doesn't really get into a convenient opportunity at all during the game for that to make sense. If you have any suggestions, post them. However, I'm not really keen on the idea of changing the game too much. If you know of a scene anywhere in the game with her that would make sense for her to have an accident, that's what I mean.

*041*2016-01-25 05:44

{{:

Maybe as the paint falls on her.

}}

Overkill in addition with the paint situation.

*043*2016-01-25 19:53

{{:

What do you mean by that?

}}

Too much to make happen in one scene. It was either stick with the paint scene or omorashify Victoria, which would feel forced.

*048*2016-06-14 07:32

I admit. I abandoned the story. I actually have most of the second part done up to the parking lot scene, though only a rough draft version. I have a lot of issues with retaining focus on things, even things I really enjoy. Like writing and life is strange.

Sorry to everyone that had been waiting for it. I'll try to finish it up and post it. I wanted to for a while but.. again... issues. It sucks and I'm not sure if anyone understands what I mean.

I really wish I could rewire my brain to stay focused on things I enjoy and not lose interest the moment I get the desire to do something. Time also just zaps by me and I lose the chance to do something without worrying about getting enough sleep for work. An hour will literally feel like 10 minutes sometimes.

I don't blame anyone if they want to continue it, though I'd appreciate it if you started your own series since I DO want to continue this sometime when the mood strikes. Which isn't reliable but... :(

