Potter's Desperation - Page 3

Author: AlwaysSnarry

*050*2014-03-12 19:49

Sorry this has been a long time coming. I've had a particularly hard few months and wasn't up to writing, but I'm back. This was actually up on FF.net earlier, so you guys are getting this a day later (sorry!) Anyways, I hope you enjoy! :)

Chapter 13

Draco and Lucius startled at the unexpected sound. Turning, Draco saw Professor Snape wearing an expression he had never seen before: guilt.

Severus, having witnessed the end of the scene that had played out in front of him, was at a loss. For years he had gone on believing that the Potter boy was as spoiled and arrogant as his father, only to have all his beliefs concerning the boy shatter right in front of his very eyes. He had no idea that the boy had been as badly abused as he had. If he’d only known…

“What do you mean? Surely someone would have noticed. Didn’t anyone check up on Harry in the ten years he was living with his aunt and uncle?” Lucius inquired.

“No,” Severus sighed. “We were under the impression that he was safe there. No one thought that he would suffer at the hands of his relatives.”

“But Dumbledore knows everything!” Draco exclaimed.

“He knows what goes on in his castle. He has informants on the goings on of the Ministry. He even placed Arabella Figg in a house nearby to the Dursleys, to watch over Potter, but she never reported anything out of the ordinary.”

“Well she must have been in on the abuse too!”

“No, Draco. Arabella does not contain a single cruel bone in her body. It is much more likely that the Dursley’s hid the abuse from the public eye. Even Pot –” Severus stopped himself, the boy hardly felt like a Potter after the abuse he had suffered. Surely he deserved to be called by his proper name. “Even Harry might have hidden the abuse, for fear of further abuse from his family or out of shame.”

“He wouldn’t have hid it!” Draco said furiously, tears in his eyes.

“He hid it from us. Never once did he confide in any Hogwarts professor. I doubt even his friends, the Weasleys, know about how he was abused.”

“Some people do not know how to look for signs of abuse.” Lucius added sadly.

“But…” Draco cradled his sleeping lover closer, determined to protect him from any further abuse.

“Come, Draco. Let’s clean you two up. You need sleep.” Severus said.

“I’m not leaving Harry.” Blue-grey eyes flashed determinedly.

“You can stay in my guest rooms for the night, until Dumbledore has rooms in the dungeons for your father. You may stay with Harry.”

Draco sighed in relief. He didn’t want to leave Harry alone after the scare he had just had. What if he woke up again, alone and still scared? He was glad his professor was not making a fuss about it.

Severus continued. “May I ask you stop lying to Minerva, though? She will find out that the two of you are lying about getting along, and the longer you lie about it, the harsher her new punishment will be. Do not be fooled by her Gryffindor colors.”

“I’m sorry,” Draco apologized, “We really weren’t getting along when she first assigned us detention. But then we were getting along, but we knew we can’t be friendly in public. We didn’t want to be separated that long. We needed those weekends.”

Lucius’ heart broke for his son, for what his boy had to endure because of his poor decisions. He should have tried harder to escape from Narcissa’s control. Reaching over, he wrapped his son – and Harry, who was still curled up in Draco’s arms – into a loving embrace.

“I am truly sorry, Draco. I know it is, in part at least, my fault that you cannot openly show your affection for young Harry. But I can promise you that you both are free to spend any time you have out of class in my chambers.”

“Thank you, dad.” Keeping one arm firmly around Harry, Draco returned his father’s hug with one arm. He couldn’t remember ever being happier than he was at this very moment, with the two people he loved most next to him. Three, he corrected himself, looking to his godfather who was looking awkward at the open display of affection.

“I think it is best we head for my chambers. Morning comes early.”

“Right,” Lucius nodded, disentangling himself from the boys. He cast a thorough cleaning spell on the two boys and the couch causing the sleeping hero to wiggle in his sleep as the spell tickled him.

“Can you carry him?” He asked his son.

“Yeah. Lead the way.” Draco kept Harry wrapped securely in his arms as he followed the older men back into Dumbledore’s office and through the floo to Uncle Severus’ dreary chambers. The room was done almost entirely in black, save for the odd splashes of Slytherin green. By the fireplace sat a rickety armchair and an old sofa, which was covered in books. In fact, nearly every available surface was covered in books or potions supplies. The room was small and cluttered, and frankly, a little smelly thanks to some of the potions ingredients.

“You really ought to brighten the place up a bit, Sev.” Lucius echoed Draco’s thoughts.

“And clean,” Draco added.

“I’ve never had reason to.”

“Yes, while if I am going to be staying here for the next while, I’d like something a little less depressing. I think that the only positive lesson that I took away from my marriage is that interior decoration is important.”

“I thought you are getting your own chambers?” Draco questioned.

“I will be, however, they will be attached to Severus’ for convenience’s sake. Whenever you come to visit me you will have to go through his rooms, for my rooms will have no other door. Dumbledore thinks it will be the best way to keep students from snooping.” Lucius said, ignoring the muttered comment from Severus on the student’s ability to put their noses where they don’t belong. “He’ll be by sometime tomorrow to expand these chambers. For now, we make do with what Severus already has.”

“Speaking of, where can I lay Harry? He’s getting pretty heavy.”

“Follow me.”

Severus led Draco through a door on the left of the room to a bedroom that had only slightly escaped the clutter of the sitting room. The room was rather dusty and Draco could tell from what he could see that the room was used to store broken items and unimportant books (Draco thought he saw some old school Divination textbooks stacked by the wardrobe).

“It’s not much. I never have guests.” Severus said uncomfortably as Draco gently laid Harry onto the rickety old bed. “And I’m afraid I only have one guest room. Lucius, I’ll have to transfigure the sofa for you.”

“Don’t worry about it, old friend. Tomorrow we can fix this place up, make it homey and new, and add a small hidden wing for me. Not to worry, it’ll be fun.”

Severus looked as if the idea was anything but fun. Draco chuckled at his godfather’s expression and climbed into bed with his sleeping lover. Harry immediately latched onto Draco, mumbling happily about pretty blondes.

“Goodnight, son.” Lucius bent to kiss his son on the forehead, placing a kiss upon Harry’s messy head as well. “And thank you. Both.”

“I couldn’t face leaving you there any longer, but it really was all Harry’s doing.”

“I will see to it that I thank him properly in the morning.” Lucius smiled, exiting in the room.

Severus hung back for a moment, eyeing the small boy sleeping contentedly.

“Draco, if Harry wets, make sure he knows not to worry. I will not punish him for it.” Severus was concerned for the young boy, fearing that the trauma of the boy ran deeper than anyone knew.

“I’ll make sure to tell him, but he’ll probably panic like he did with dad. He terrified of people knowing, and I think he associates all adult men with his uncle.”

“I do wish that we can prove to him that he will be safe with his wetting, in my chambers if nowhere else.”

“Thank you,” Draco whispered, as Severus left the room, thankful that Harry seemed to have another ally, another person who could help him see that his wetting was okay.

###

Draco awoke in the morning to a panicked cry. His first instinct was to reach for Harry, to make sure no one was hurting him. However, he was shoved away by the same boy he wished to protect.

“Harry, what’s wrong?”

“Wh-where am I?”

“We’re in Professor Snape’s guest rooms. Harry, you’re safe here, I promise.” Draco tried once again to reach out to his boyfriend only to be shoved away again, more violently than before.

“No. No, no I’m n-n-not.” Harry could barely get the words out, he was sobbing so hard.

“Yes, Harry. You are. I’m here to protect you, like I always will. Your uncle isn’t here, he can’t hurt you. No one will.”

“Pr-pro-professor Sn-nape will.” Harry buried his face into his palms, shaking like a leaf.

Realization dawned upon Draco. “No, Harry. He won’t. He told me last night. He won’t punish you for wetting.”

“But I w-w-wet in his be-bed.”

“It’s okay, he won’t care. We’re wizards, we can magic away the mess within seconds.” This time, Draco was allowed to embrace his boyfriend.

“Is everything okay? We heard a shout.” Lucius and Severus entered the small guest room, both pajama clad and neither seemed fully awake.

“It’s all okay. Harry just wet the bed.”

“Draco!” Harry hissed, mad at his boyfriend for telling the two older men, and scared that Draco was wrong and Snape really would punish him for wetting.

“Draco, may I speak with Harry alone?” Severus asked, much to Harry’s dismay. Draco was wrong! Harry was going to be punished for his accident, he knew it. Whimpering, he melted into Draco’s warmth, trying to hide himself away from the potions master.

“Harry, I will not harm you. I simply wish to speak with you. Draco will not be far, you will be able to call him back if you need him. Please, I only want to talk to you.” Harry thought Professor Snape’s face showed a genuine wish to talk to him, but he was terrified to take that chance.

“Will you give Draco your wand, that way you can’t hurt me with magic?” Harry asked meekly.

“Yes.” Snape promised, already giving his wand to Lucius.

“Okay then. I’ll talk. But Draco, you’re going to stay close, right?”

“Of course. I’ll be right out in the sitting room. You can call for me if you need me, and I’ll be back here before you could say “quidditch pitch”. Draco grinned, elated, at the small smile Harry gave him.

“What do you want for breakfast? I’ll have the house elves make us something while you’re talking with Sev.”

“Pancakes with blueberries. And bacon.” Harry gave him a genuine smile this time.

The smile began to falter, however, when Draco and his father left the room, softly closing the door behind them, leaving Harry in the room with Snape.

“I’m r-really sorry, S-sir. I did-didn’t me-me-mean to wet your bed.” Harry timidly looked at wet sheets covering him.

“Harry,” Severus said sitting down at the foot of the bed. “I will never be mad with you for wetting, asleep or otherwise. It is not your fault. It is the fault of your blasted uncle, but nothing you ever did caused this.”

“I was bad. It was my fault, I should have been better.”

Severus recognized the words. They were the words he told himself when his own father beat him for his freaky powers. They were the words he had told himself as a child, as he cried himself to sleep cradling a broken arm or favoring bruises. He was furious at hearing the words come from Harry Potter, the one boy that should have had the best chance at a happy childhood.

“No, Harry. Never say those words again,” he spat, then was immediately sorry when he realized that the boy flinched away from the venom in his words.

Flinching at Snape’s words caused Harry to realize a growing problem: the need to pee. He hadn’t since he’d woken up, and the violent movement had awoken his much weakened bladder. Desperate to go to the loo, but scared to ask Snape, Harry sat still, hoping Snape finished their talk quickly.

“I’m sorry, I… Harry, I have heard those words far too often and never once were they true.”

“Really?” Harry asked, squirming a little in place. “From who?”

“Myself.”

“What?” Harry asked, stunned at what that could mean. The admission also momentarily cost Harry his concentration and he felt the smallest of trickles leak from his penis.

“I, too, was abused Harry.” This was the first time Severus had admitted it out loud, and was shocked at the weight that lifted off his shoulders once the words were uttered.

“But,” Harry sputtered, “Who would abuse you? You’re… strong and scary and…you.”

Severus chuckled. “Now I am, but once I was a scared little boy, afraid to anger my father for fear that he would take his temper out on me.”

“Did… did he hurt you real bad? Like Uncle Vernon hurt me?” Harry was fascinated at the direction their conversation was turning, but at the same time had to pull his legs up close towards his body in an attempt to apply much needed pressure to his bladder. If the conversation lasted much longer, he wouldn’t. But Harry didn’t want to end the conversation. He needed to hear someone else talk about their abuse almost as much – more than ­– he needed to pee.

“Yes, my father did hurt me quite badly on several occasions. Once, he almost killed me. However, he did not injure my bladder as your uncle did yours.”

At the mention of bladders, Harry’s let out a short stream of hot urine, fighting to remind Harry that it was important, too.

“Ugh,” Harry moaned out.

“Harry? What is wrong?” Severus moved closer to the boy, scared that the talk of his abuse had frightened him.

“Professor, I gotta… I really gotta…” Harry couldn’t get the words out, still afraid that his professor would punish him in some way.

“Harry, do you need to pee?” Severus asked, finally seeing the way the boy was holding himself and the new wet patch that stood out from the slightly dryer ones from his night wetting.

Nodding, Harry tried to move off the bed.

“Can I use your loo?”

“Of course you can. You don’t have to ask.”

Still, Harry sat unmoving on the bed.

“Harry?” Severus questioned.

“Where is it?” Harry quietly moaned. He didn’t think it would matter now. Pee was trickling out with increasing intensity and he wasn’t sure he could stem the flow.

“Oh, sorry. I will show you.” Severus moved to stand, but stopped as a small hand grabbed his arm, stopping him.

“Professor. I can’t make it. I’m s-sorry. I’m wetting. C-c-can’t stop it.”

Harry let out a small cry as he lost the fight with his aching bladder. Piss spouted from his already wet trousers, arching up and soaking the bed sheets below his arse. Harry shook, partially out of relief, partly because he was wetting himself in front of his potions professor.

“Shh, Harry, it’s okay. Let it happen.” Said professor had sat back down on the bed and proceeded to rub Harry’s back as Harry emptied his bladder all over himself.

It seemed to last forever, longer, Harry was sure, due to his present company. The piss continued arching from his pants with such intensity that, if Harry hadn’t known any better, he’d swear he wasn’t even wearing pants. A slight change of angle had the piss hitting the floor, covering the rug lying by the bed.

“S-sorry,” Harry said, ashamed. He put his hand over the wet stream coming from his pants in an effort to stop wetting on the man’s rug.

“Do not worry about it, Harry. It can be cleaned, and even if I couldn’t, I hate that rug. Why do you think I put it in the guest room?”

Harry couldn’t believe it, but he actually chuckled, and moved his hand away, letting the last of his pee escape onto the rug. As he finished, Professor Snape pulled him closer, putting his arm around Harry. The embrace felt closer to parental than anything he had had before, and Harry found himself leaning into his professor.

“Why are you being so nice to me? Last week you hated me.”

“Because, Harry. In you I see me. I could have very easily been the boy unable to control his own bladder.”

“It’s getting worse. I can barely control my wetting anymore.” Harry admitted. He was shocked at how easy it was to confide in Snape, easier even, than confiding in Draco. He voiced this.

“Undoubtedly because I have been through the same abuse as you. It is easier to speak with someone who understands you than to tell someone who has never been through that kind of abuse, no matter how much you love them.”

“Will I be able to talk to you again?” Harry asked, not willing to give up this newfound comfort so soon.

“Always, Harry. I will always be here for you, as a confidant and as a friend.”

As a parent? Harry wanted to ask, but stopped himself. He didn’t want to get needy and ruin this. No one would want the full-time responsibility of being a parent to Harry Potter.

“Ready to get breakfast? We better get out there before the Malfoy’s eat all of the pancakes.” Snape asked, not knowing of the drama raging in Harry’s head.

Harry silenced it as best he could, opting to smile at this new side Snape was showing him. “You bet. Let’s go fight them for it.”

*056*2014-07-30 02:15

Chapter 14

After breakfast the four wizards began cleaning Severus’s chambers. It wasn’t until late afternoon that they collapsed on the now clean and transfigured to look new (and more fashionable) sofa, surveying the newly shining surfaces and matching décor. Several times Harry had had to stop what he was doing and rush to the loo, barley making it there without wetting each time. He was steadily growing more and more worried as his control over his bladder continued to decline.

Severus, too, spent much of his afternoon worrying about the boy’s lack of control. It was unusual that one’s control would decline that quickly and he made a note to speak to the boy about it later. He wondered if he could modify one of the potions used to help prevent toddlers from wetting the bed to fit Harry’s specific needs. He would have to begin researching the possibilities. Anything he could do to make the abused boy’s life easier.

That evening, as Dumbledore stopped by to make the necessary expansions to Severus’ chambers, both Harry and Draco left and headed to their respective houses.

They’d been gone all day and Harry knew his friends would be getting worried.

Worried was a bit of an understatement.

The moment Harry entered the Gryffindor Common Room he was pounced on by Hermione, Ron not far behind.

“Harry! Where were you? We hadn’t seen you since yesterday and Ron said you didn’t sleep in your room last night! We were scared that You-Know-Who had kidnapped you, or worse!” The bookish girl looked out of sorts, and Harry immediately felt bad for worrying her.

“I’m sorry I scared you ‘Mione.” Harry apologized as the three made their way up to the boy’s dorm room.

“You’re forgiven, mate. But where were you? Were you with a girl?” Ron asked slyly.

“Ronald!” Hermione exclaimed. “Harry has much too much going on in his life to be gallivanting around the castle with some girl!”

Harry wanted to agree with her, but he was never particularly good at lying, especially to his friends, and his guilt showed on his face.

“Aha! You were out with some bird! Who was it? A Hufflepuff? I heard they’re animals in bed.” Ron winked as he sprawled out on his bed. Hermione perched on the foot of Harry’s bed as Harry sat near the top of his own bed.

“Ronald!” Hermione spit out, “That is entirely disgusting. I do not what to know where you heard that.” She turned to Harry, expression turning gentle. “Harry, I understand if this whole Chosen One thing is getting overwhelming, but you have to act more responsibly. What if something happened and no one knew where you were?”

Harry opened his mouth to protest, but something stopped him. He couldn’t let his friends worry like that, and he couldn’t lie about sleeping with some girl when all he wanted to do was shout from the rooftops that he loved Draco Malfoy.

“I’m sorry,” Harry began again. “There’s something I need to tell you, and before you go off again, Hermione, I was with an adult. Two of them, in fact.”

“You’re sleeping with TWO professors!?!” Ron’s shout could have been heard from the Common Room if not for Harry’s quick spellcasting, casting a silencing charm on the room. He added a few more wards before he answered, knowing that what he was about to tell Ron and Hermione could not become public knowledge.

“No, I’m not. I’m sleeping with Draco Malfoy.”

“WHAT!”

###

Harry spent the next hour explaining to his friends how he had become boyfriends with Draco and helped to free Lucius – leaving out the parts about his wetting. He wasn’t ready to tell them that. He wasn’t sure if he ever would be, just having three people know about it was scary enough. As expected, he spent a great deal of time simply convincing his friends that Draco didn’t curse him or dose him with a love potion. Hermione wasn’t satisfied until she had run several diagnostic spells, and had spent more time trying to convince Harry to visit Madame Pomfrey. He had put his foot down at that, too afraid that Pomfrey’s spells might reveal his secret.

When his two friends were finally convinced that Draco meant Harry no harm, the three headed off to the Great Hall for supper. Ron, of course, was starved and proclaimed that he could not deal with stressful situations without sweets.

Hermione was in the middle of berating Ron for eating desert before his supper when a small school owl landed beside Harry’s plate. Curious, Harry untied the note, gave the owl a bite of his roast, and sent it on its way.

“What’s that, Harry?” Ron asked, mouth full of chocolate cake.

“Dunno,”

Harry turned the note around and instantly recognized the writing. Glancing around at the Slytherin table Harry spotted his blonde smirking into his food. He turned back around to his friends, grinning.

“It’s from Malfoy, isn’t it?” Hermione asked quietly.

“Make sure it isn’t cursed!” Ron advised.

Not sure if Ron was joking or not, Harry decided to ignore the other boy in favor of seeing what Draco had written him.

H –

Father’s chambers are ready, there’s even a second room for us. S said we could spend the night again if you can get away from Weasel and Granger for a second night without them causing a fuss. I love sleeping with you in my arms and miss you when we’re apart.

Hope to see you tonight.

Love,

D.

Harry couldn’t stop the smile from spreading across his face and tucked his head towards his meal to avoid everyone seeing him so happy and asking questions. It didn’t stop Ron and Hermione from asking, though.

“Well,” Demanded Ron, “What did Ferret-Face say?”

“Don’t call him that!” Harry hissed, automatically defending his boyfriend.

“Sorry,” Ron had the decency to look slightly ashamed.

“He wants me to meet him tonight. Could you maybe cover for me?” Harry asked, and as he did he felt the first stirrings of his bladder, signaling to him that he didn’t have very long before his need became much greater and more desperate.

Harry started shoveling down his food, rushing to finish so he could leave. He knew it would simply look like he was anxious to meet Draco.

Finishing the last bite of potatoes Harry couldn’t help but start to squirm in his seat some as his need quickly grew. He started to stand and make his excuses when Hermione pulled him back down to his seat, jarring his bladder painfully and causing Harry to let out a small grunt of pain. Thankfully, neither Gryffindor noticed. Ron was too focused on his food whilst Hermione was fixing Draco with a death glare.

Draco had noticed Harry’s squirming, recognizing it for what it really was. He made his own excuses, hurrying out of the Great Hall to wait by the dungeons for his boyfriend. He guessed that Harry would need him to help make a quick escape once he got away from his friends. Draco only wished that he had the freedom to go up to Harry and pull him away, but until his mother’s curse was contained he had to act like Harry meant nothing to him.

Back in the Great Hall, Harry was suffering through Hermione’s lecture about responsibility to his studies and his duty to the Wizarding World. While Harry knew she meant well and was only trying to help, he couldn’t help but wish that for once she would just shut up.

“Hermione, Draco’s waiting for me.” He interrupted.

“You can’t be meeting up with him every night. Someone’s bound to notice that you’ve gone missing from your bed. Not to mention that you’re going to neglect your studies if you spend all of your time with Malfoy!”

“Draco’s just as devoted to his studies as you are, Hermione. We will spend part of the night working on our homework, I promise.” Harry was ready to promise her anything if she would just let him go. “’Sides, Snape will be there to supervise. We’re meeting in his chambers.” Harry squeezed his thighs together tightly in an almost panic as he felt the first dribbles of pee escape. He couldn’t wet in a place as public as the Great Hall; it would be all over the papers by morning and he would become The Boy Who Wet. A humiliated blush began to creep over his face, Hermione mistaking it for his normal flush when he lied.

“Harry! This year is too important to just throw away! NEWTs are just so close –”

“Close?” Sputtered Ron. “They’re not until next year! Go Harry, and have fun with your ferret.”

Harry could have kissed Ron for providing him his escape. If not, of course for the fact that he was dating Draco and thought of Ron like a brother.

Mumbling his goodbyes, Harry made his way out of the Great Hall as quickly as he could, trying, and failing, to contain another spurt of piss as he pushed the door open.

The moment Harry was under the relative cover of the dark dungeon tunnels Harry was grabbing hold of himself, squeezing on the now damp fabric in hopes of containing the rest of his pee.

Movement from out of the shadows caused Harry to start, pulling his hand away from his crotch and letting loose another, thankfully small, spurt of pee. Harry could feel the first couple of dribbles run down his leg and prayed that it wouldn’t show through his trousers.

“Relax, love, it’s just me.”

Harry sighed in relief as Draco’s face appeared. Glancing around to see nobody else about, Harry moved his hand back to grip his crotch.

“Draco, I really got to go!”

“I know baby. We’re not too far away from Sev’s chambers. Think you can make it that far? There aren’t any other loos nearby.” Draco said, worrying that Harry wouldn’t make it to the end of the corridor, much less Severus’ chambers. His boyfriend was already clutching himself and hopping from foot to foot.

“I can try,” Harry whimpered. “I don’t wanna wet out in the open!”

Draco wrapped an arm around his scared lover, pulling him close as he hastened them deeper into the dungeons. He led them through several short cuts, but the closer they got to Severus’ chambers the slower and more doubled over in pain Harry became.

“Draco, I’m leaking, really bad. I won’t make it.” Harry sobbed, feeling ashamed as both his eyes and his cock leaked.

Harry’s underwear were soaked through, every step was releasing another spurt of urine. He was trying desperately to hold it in, but knew he was seconds away from losing it all.

“We’re really close Harry love. Just around this bend. I know you can make it, just hold strong a little bit longer.” Draco tried to encourage the younger boy.

Harry nodded, Draco’s confidence spurring him to keep moving.

Both boys stopped in their tracks as they heard quick-approaching footsteps behind them.

“Draco!” Harry cried, breathing growing frantic as he fought a losing battle with his bladder, the shock of the nearing students causing him to release a longer stream of pee. Harry gained control of himself once more, but barley. He knew that the next time he lost control would be his last. Doubling over in front of Snape’s door in utter agony, he moaned.

“I know, baby. Just a sec.”

The student’s laughing voices got closer.

The pure terror at the thought of getting caught caused Harry to shut down, tears falling silently as he hyperventilated, memories of past abuse flashing past his eyes.

The pure terror at the thought of getting caught caused Harry to shut down, tears falling silently as he hyperventilated, memories of past abuse flashing past his eyes.

Aunt Petunia, swatting five-year-old Harry away when he tried to hand her his handmade Christmas card, hissing at him that his card could never be as good as Dudley’s.

Dudley, hunting Harry at school until Harry was cornered between the sandbox and the slide, whimpering and wetting himself when he found he could run no further.

Uncle Vernon, kicking Harry out of the house one winter night shouting at him to sleep outside where he belonged.

Uncle Vernon, twisting Harry's arm behind his back as Vernon held him over the hot stove, inching young Harry closer to the heated element.

Uncle Vernon, throwing Harry into his cupboard after beating him black and blue, naked and smelling of piss. He hadn't meant to have an accident, but Uncle Vernon wouldn't let Harry use the bathroom until he finished his chores.

“Hang on!” Draco urged to deaf ears, all but carrying Harry towards the door, now not twenty feet away.

“Mandrake Root,” Draco blurted the password, looking back to make sure the approaching students were still out of sight. The door opened just as shadows appeared. Draco pushed an unresponsive Harry quickly into the room, knowing that the shove might be the last straw with his control, but knowing also that it would be a better alternative than Harry being caught by their peers desperate and with his pants wet.

###

Severus and Lucius had just sat down to enjoy a cup of tea when Harry fell through the door sobbing quietly. Both men rushed to the small boy just as Draco rushed through, slamming the door shut behind him.

Severus fell to his knees in front of the boy, not caring that he was kneeling in front of an ever-expanding puddle of pee.

“Harry?” Severus prodded gently. Harry whimpered, shaking where he knelt.

Severus gently grasped the boy’s chin, guiding the small Gryffindor to make eye contact with him, but the boy’s eyes were closed.

“Harry, please, look at me.” Severus pleaded as Harry shuddered once more.

“Harry, love, please open your eyes.” Draco knelt behind his boyfriend, rubbing his back in slow, soothing circles. Beside him, Lucius petted Harry’s hair, like he used to do for Draco when he was feeling unwell.

Slowly, ever so slowly, Harry’s shining green eyes peeked out from behind long lashed, peering us at Severus, fear still prominent in his expression.

“Hurts,”

“Shush, Harry. I won’t let those blasted Muggles hurt you anymore.” Severus tried to soothe the young boy.

“Really hurts,” Harry sobbed again, still doubled over, although the hand that had been clutching his penis was now wrapped around his stomach.

“Severus, holding it so long… He might have done more damage to his bladder.” Lucius said at no more than a whisper.

“Harry, what hurts? Please tell me sweetheart.”

Maybe it was the soothing voice or maybe it was Severus calling him “sweetheart”, but Harry finally moved from where he had been kneeling, crawling instead onto Severus’ lap.

“My stomach hurts, Daddy.” Was the last thing Harry said before he fell unconscious.

