Daniel and Amy - Page 43

Author: Barry

*1054*2019-08-23 12:29

Thanks everyone! I’m enjoying Maria too! I think Aiden is quite taken by her.

But don’t stress. The whole gang will be back together soon.

Im interested in how the whole group dynamic will work. After all, it’s the kids doing this, not me.

*1057*2019-08-24 07:26

Chapter 4, New Friends, continued.

Wednesday-Thursday, Part 2

Maria slowly toured him around the whole place. She showed him what trees they could climb, which they did, he followed her on his hands and knees as they crawled through bushes, and they climbed the sand dunes to look at the beach, then rolled down together, laughing hysterically. They stood together on the sand, and she put her hand into his, saying nothing at first as they watched little waves lapping against the shore.

“We’ll go swimming tomorrow,” she declared, setting the decision in stone. “It’s a nice beach, but kinda boring. It doesn’t get big waves, and the water stays shallow till you get out a long way. Papa calls it a family friendly beach, and he’s right. Even little kids can go in alright. Mama lets me come down here all by myself for a swim sometimes, but I’ve gotta tell her what I’m doing. If we went for a swim now, without telling her, I’d get in all sortsa trouble.”

She squeezed his hand. “I like you. Aiden. You’re fun.”

Before he could answer, she shoved him, hard, and he nearly fell over. “TAG! YOU’RE IT,” and she ran away giggling.

He caught up with her at the top of the dune, where she stumbled, and he pounced, tackling her, and they rolled to the bottom again, laughing the whole way.

The boy was impressed. He didn’t know you could have this much fun with a girl. He always thought they they were much more interested in stuff like hair, and makeup, not exploring, or rolling around on the ground getting dirty.

She looked at him, and her long black hair was partly covering her face, and the sun reflecting off the ocean made it shine. Without thinking, he gently brushed it aside, and gave her a very quick kiss on her pert, but grubby nose.

“I like you too,” he said, then stood up, and offered her his hand, which she took. It was her turn to blush now, and for the first time since he met her, she was speechless. Holding hands, they walked up via the path this time, and back into the park.

Her voice came back quickly though, as they approached the playground from the other side, with the kiosk behind it. She pointed at the building.

“See that building there? It’s the only bit of the whole park I’m not ‘llowed in to. It’s going to a little shop, where people can buy milk and food and stuff. Papa’s keeping some chemicals and poison stuff for the gardens in there at the moment, so he doesn’t want me playing around in there.”

“Fair enough, I guess,” Aiden responded.

“Buuuuuuut,” she continued, with an evil little grin. “There’s also boxes of sweets and chocolate in there, and there’s a little window around the side that doesn’t lock properly, which papa doesn’t know about. I sneak in there sometimes and have a chocolate, or some chips. It’s pretty cool, because I don’t think he knows ‘zactly how much stuff he’s got in there. You and me will get in there sometime, and have a feast! We just gotta wait for the grownups to all be busy! It’ll be so cool. We can pretend that we’re actual robbers and breaking into a shop!”

Aiden was stunned. He’d never stolen anything in his life!

“Maria! We can’t do that! If we did, we wouldn’t be pretending. We’d actually BE robbers! We can’t steal stuff!”

“Pffft! It’s not stealing. Not really. Papa owns it all anyway. It’s not like we’re gonna be stealing from a stranger or anything!”

“Maria! It’s still stealing, even if it is your da..papa. It’s wrong.”

She dismissed him as if he wasn’t there. “Trust me. Aiden. I do it all the time. Nobody will know. It’s fun. You’ll come with me, I know.”

This was said with a finality that brokered no further argument, and the bit that surprised Aiden the most, was that he knew she was right. If she was going to do it, then he would too.

“What have I gotten myself in for,” he thought to himself.

By unspoken agreement, they didn’t hold hands as they slowly trudged back towards The Lodge, although they walked together, and occasionally bumped into each other as they talked and laughed. All three adults were relaxing on the porch, drinking beer or wine, enjoying the lazy late afternoon, and they looked up at the sound of the approaching kids chatter.

Mario’s wife dramatically clapped both hands to her face in mock horror, almost yelling “Mama Mia,” at the sight of the two dirty children walking towards them.

Both of the kids were filthy. There clothes, faces, legs and arms were smeared with dirt, they were both covered in sand, and had twigs and leaves in their unkempt hair. It was completely obvious that they had been playing in the bush, and crawling around on the ground, as their knees, and Maria’s little bare feet were literally caked with grime.

Mario and Sean burst out laughing, clapping their hands and cheering, although mama didn’t look too impressed.

“Maria! What on earth have you been doing? This is not how a young lady gets around!”

Maria giggled, and ran towards her mama with open arms. “I’m not a lady mama! Come give me a cuddle!”

Her mama shrieked in mock horror, waving her arms in an exaggerated gesture to ward her off. “Eek! You keepa way from me, you dirty little urchin! You get your butt inside right away, you filthy little grub! You gonna need a good soak inna the bath!”

She ushered the giggling girl inside, and turned to Sean.

“Sean, I’m sorry ‘bout my daughter. She’s a bad influence on your boy! I’ll get her a quick bath, then make another one for him, okay?”

Sean couldn’t stop chuckling. It had been a long time since he’d seen Aiden so dirty. As he got older, the boy spent more and more time glued to a screen of some kind, and less time playing outside. As far as Sean was concerned, this was the appropriate way for kids their age to play! Go exploring, get dirty, have fun! He couldn’t be happier that his little Tiger had found a willing playmate! He knew his boy didn’t make friends easily, and Sean had been slightly concerned that Aiden might not have anyone to play with, (or hang out with,as Aiden would no doubt insist on saying,) especially if the other kids, if there were any, turned out to be bigger than him, which they probably would be.

He patted the boy on the head. “You stay out here Tiger. You’re not going inside like that. Wait until you can have a bath, okay!”

Aiden blushed, feeling a bit self conscious. He hadn’t really realised just how dirty that he and Maria had gotten. It kind of made him feel like a little kid again, although his dad didn’t appear to mind, and nobody had noticed what he thought were the obvious pee stains on Maria’s pants, even though it hadn’t seemed to bother her too much.

Not knowing exactly what to do next, he realised that he hadn’t actually checked his phone for hours! Like most teenagers, he rarely went anywhere without it, even the toilet or bathroom, but it was still sitting in his dads car. He ran down to retrieve it, and the sight of the towel on the seat, which he’d forgotten, made him cringe. He ignored it, and took his phone back up to the porch, sitting a bit away from the adults, less they poke more fun at him for getting so dirty.

He probably should send Dan a message. He hadn’t known that he was going away when they spoke last, and Dan was going to message him to hang out.

“Huh. As if,” he thought to himself. He liked Dan a lot, but didn’t expect that the boy would really message him. “I’ll just wait to see if he does,” he thought. “Then I can tell him I’ve gone away. I might even tell him about Maria! After all, he’s forever talking about that Amy girl that he goes out with. Just like Scott with that Nikki, whoever she is. I’ll bet they’d never believe that I’ve been hanging out with a girl too!”

So instead of texting anyone, he checked his social media, and played some games until Maria’s mama came back about half an hour later.

“Ok Sean, I finally got her clean. Mercy! Her hair! I’ve run a fresh bath for Aiden.”

Sean took him inside, and into the bedroom, where his bag was sitting on the single bed, the only one in the room. “This is your room tonight mate. I’ll be just next door if you need me. I’ve, uh, made the bed for you?”

He pulled back the blanket, and Aiden blushed when he saw his rubber sheet from his bed at home, which was a double, hanging out underneath the bottom sheet of the smaller bed, and there was a folded towel in the middle as well.

“Sorry Tiger. The sheets a bit big for a small bed, but I think it’s better you have it on, don’t you?”

Aiden sighed. He hated to admit it, but it probably was. He’d been running around all day, after the big drive, and although he didn’t feel tired yet, he knew he’d sleep deeply tonight.

“Tiger? Your, uh, sleep pants are in the bag too mate. Put one one before you go to bed, ok?”

“Yes dad, I will. Thanks.” He wished the ground would open up and swallow him, but it got even worse.

“Do you want me to come in and wash your hair for you buddy?”

Fuck. Aiden didn’t swear much, but that F word almost escaped his lips. Rubber sheet, night nappy, help in the bath. His dad must think he was a total baby! He swallowed his pride and bit his tongue.

“No thanks dad. I can manage. Thanks for making my bed.”

Sean could see how uncomfortable the little bloke was, and it pained him, but it had to be dealt with.

“That’s ok Tiger. You go have a nice hot bath, and make sure you scrub yourself! You’re filthy. Don’t forget to take a change of clothes in with you.”

Aiden burned with embarrassment after his dad left. He knew that his father was only trying to help, but it felt so much more natural when it was his mum doing it. He would’ve let her wash his hair without a second thought, but not his dad! He never let his dad see him naked.

He went through his meagre selection of clothes. He felt funny about Maria seeing him in his pyjamas, (especially the Spider Man ones!) so he selected his old red sweatpants with the holes in the knees, and a clean t-shirt, and went across the hall to the bathroom, where a nice hot bubble bath awaited him, but he made double-sure that he locked the door! He had a wild hunch that the Amazon girl would probably try and barge in on him if he didn’t.

He relaxed without moving for a few minutes, then started dutifully scrubbing himself all over. He hadn’t been able to actually wash his private area properly after his accident in the car almost 12 hours ago, so he made sure to soap himself up properly down there.

He found himself suddenly thinking about Maria, and his little pecker reacted like a periscope, going stiff and sticking out of the water. It felt kinda nice to wash down there.

Aiden wasn’t completely naive. They had Sex-Ed in school, and he knew all about masturbation and stuff, but he’d never actually done it. Yes, he’d touched himself before, but he didn’t think that he was, well, “ready” for that yet. Although it DID feel nice to think about stuff like kissing Maria while he washed!

After he washed his hair, he got out, and was drying himself, when the doorknob suddenly turned, and he heard Maria’s voice. “Aiden! Dinners almost ready!”

The door rattled, and he heard little footsteps padding away. The boy grinned. He’d been right! She had tried to walk in on him! He’d have to be on his guard around her, but he was looking forward to it. He liked her a lot.

After he drained the tub, got dressed, and put his dirty clothes away, he padded barefoot into the dining room, where everyone was seated around a big table, and Maria’s mama, who he had learned was call Rose, was dishing up big bowls of home made spaghetti. It turned out to be absolutely the bestest spaghetti Aiden had ever eaten, and he had a second helping, including garlic bread.

When Maria got up for a glass of milk, he noticed she was wearing a really cute nightie. It was light blue, and had a cartoon bunny on the front, and her luxurious black hair was now tied back in a braid. She actually looked very feminine, and a lot softer than the warrior princess he’d been playing with all day. She really was very pretty, he thought.

After dinner, the kids helped Rose wash up, then the three adults went to sit outside on the veranda, where Mario smoked a huge smelly cigar, and they all drank wine.

“What do you want to do now?” Maria asked.

Aiden shrugged. “Got a tv?”

She shook her head. “Papa hasn’t bought one for here yet, because it’s been empty. He doesn’t want anyone breaking in to steal it. Hey! I know! There’s a cupboard fulla old games in there!”

The excited kids headed to the lounge, where they explored a big long sideboard that ran the length of one wall. “Papa said the games were always left here for the guests to play with,” she explained.

They oohed and aahed with delight. There was Monopoly, Connect 4, Scrabble, decks of cards, checkers and chess, jigsaw puzzles, and an assortment of others.

Connect 4 was the game of choice, and they set it up on the floor in between them. When Maria sat down, and curled one leg underneath herself, her nightie came up, giving Aiden a perfect view of her panties. They were white with pink trim, with little pink flowers, and had a little pink satin bow on the waistband. He thought they looked very cute.

She saw him looking, and giggled. “What’re you looking at? Aiden?”

He blushed, knowing he’d been caught. He gave a little cough.

“Um. Nothing. Really. I wasn’t really looking at anything. I, uh...”

“You’re cute,” she said. “I don’t care. I’ll show you,” and she lifted her nightie up above her belly button.

“MARIA!” Aiden hissed. Don’t do that! What if someone comes in or something?”

She burst out laughing at his look of indignation, and couldn’t stop, and soon he was laughing as well. It was just so ridiculous! The adults out on the porch heard the commotion and chuckled.

“Those two! They’re having a great time with each other, eh?” Mario said, with Sean and Rose agreeing. There was something so nice about the sound of innocent children’s laughter.

“I thought you wore pull ups to bed,” Aiden whispered, after glancing nervously towards the door.

“I do,” Maria whispered back. “I just haven’t put it on yet. Have you got yours on? Aiden?”

“Not yet. I’m gonna put it on just before I go to bed. I feel kinda weird about wearing it around other people, ‘specially dad.”

“That’s just silly. I don’t understand why you would? After all, he bought ‘em for you to wear, didn’t he?”

Aiden sighed. “Yeah. But dad really doesn’t like me wearing them. Like I toldya before. This’ll be the first time in ages I’ve worn them. It feels, I dunno, just weird I guess.”

Maria shook her head. “I guess I get it, but I don’t really unnerstand it either. He’s your papa, he knows you need them, he bought them for you, and he loves ya. Why would it be weird? I wear mine around my folks all the time. They don’t mind.”

Aiden shrugged. What she said made a strange kind of sense, but it didn’t really apply to his situation, but he couldn’t find the right words to describe it to her properly.

“I dunno. It’s just different for me, that’s all. I guess.”

They put the subject of diapers away, and got on with the game. Maria pulled her nightie over her bent knee, but occasionally it popped off, affording him a glimpse of her panties. She knew he looked, but he didn’t comment, and they ignored it.

An hour later, Sean walked in to go to the bathroom, and both kids were laying on their stomachs, side by side, hips touching, bare feet folded back in the air, doing a jigsaw puzzle together on the floor. He saw Aiden yawning deeply.

“Come on Tiger. Time for bed mate, you look tired.”

“Awww dad! Come on, just a few more minutes, please?”

Sean chuckled. “No mate. Bedtime. You’ve got all day tomorrow to play with Maria, come on.”

Aiden sighed dramatically, but deep down he wasn’t totally disappointed, he was exhausted. Even though he’d slept in the car a bit, the emotional turmoil of wetting himself, followed by the rest of the long drive, then running around outside all day, a hot bath, and a big dinner had left him drained. He said goodnight to Maria, and trudged off with his dad, yawning again.

Once they were safely out of the room, Sean whispered to the boy. “Go to the toilet mate, and make sure you go properly, then brush your teeth, and make sure you put your sleep pants on before you get into bed, okay?”

Aiden just nodded.

“Listen mate, you’re really tired, I know, so if something happens during the night, please don’t get upset about it, alright? We’ll deal with it in the morning. I’ve spoken to Rose about your, uh, nighttime stuff,”

“Ah shit dad! Did ya have too?”

“Watch your language Tiger,” Sean reprimanded him, but had to suppress a smile. Aiden didn’t swear often, and it always looked and sounded so strange coming from his little choirboy features. “Yes mate. I had to. Your a guest in their house. If there’s any extra washing to do, they need to know.”

“S’pose,” the boy replied grumpily, and trudged moodily into the bathroom.

Taking his dads advice, Aiden sat on the toilet, and tried extra hard to completely empty his bladder, then washed his hands, brushed his teeth, and went into his bedroom. He sighed as he took a Lightning McQueen pull up from his bag. He’d really thought that he was done with these, but a secret part of him was grateful that he could wear one, at least for tonight. He knew that Maria wouldn’t judge him if he woke up wet, but he hated the thought of making a mess in his bed for his dad and her mama to deal with. He removed his sweats, put it on, put his pants back on, and was about to hop into bed, when there was a quiet knock on his door.

Maria walked in, before he even said anything, and stood in front of him with a somewhat shy smile.

“Goodnight Aiden. I’ve had fun today.” He noticed that for probably the first time, she hadn’t separated his name, like she was now speaking to him directly, and not like a teacher or something.

“Goodnight Maria. Me too. It’s been awesome. Thanks.”

“I, uh, wanted to show you something first,” she said, somewhat demurely.

He raised an enquiring eyebrow at her, and she quickly looked over her shoulder, checking the hallway behind her. Seeing the coast was clear, she lifted up her nightshirt, revealing a little pull up, purple and white, with pictures of fairies on it.

“Toldya,” she whispered. “What about you? Did you put one on too? Go on, show me! I showed you mine!”

For some reason he didn’t really understand, he didn’t argue. Instead, he pulled the front of his sweats down, showing her the smiling face of the red race car on his sleep pants.

“Cute!” Maria remarked, with a little clap of her hands. “Goodnight Aiden.” She blew him a kiss, and left, pulling the door closed behind her.

Aidens head was spinning as he climbed into bed, switching the bedside light off. This little Amazon friend of his was something else! He’d never met anybody like her before. His mind ran riot with thoughts of Maria, and he didn’t think he’d ever go to sleep, but the little guy was bone tired, and was snoring softly within five minutes.

He woke up during the night, needing to pee, like he normally did. He fumbled for his phone, and saw it was just after 3, and he stumbled out of bed, and carefully walked to the door in the dark room. The bathroom light had been left on, so he had no trouble finding his way, then he pulled his pants down and stood in front of the toilet. He almost released his bladder, but he felt like something was wrong, and at the last moment, he remembered he was wearing a pull up as well! Without a second to spare, he yanked that down to, just before he would’ve soaked it with his powerful stream.

After he shook himself dry, he put a slightly tentative hand inside his sleep pants, and sighed with relief, as he touched dry padding. He’d known he was dry, but it was nice to confirm it for himself.

Three minutes later, he was back in bed, fast asleep again.

Later, Aiden stirred in his sleep, with a smile on his face. He was dreaming about his new friend, Maria.

It was kind of disjointed, like a series of random images and scenarios. They were on the swings together, then somehow crawling through the bushes. She was showing him the faded pee stain on her butt. Maria was laughing, then kissing him on the cheek. She held his hand, then pulled her grubby t-shirt tight to show him her little boobs. He saw the little wet patch on her pants, before they rolled down the sand dune together, and he landed on top of her, and kissed her passionately on her mouth, and she returned it, their tongues meeting just like on tv.

But as he lay on top of her, he felt his bladder let go, and he started wetting himself. One, two, three strong spurts of pee shot out, soaking his pants.

He woke up, feeling a bit wet.

“No! Nonononono! Not now!”

He jumped out of bed, and ran towards the toilet, holding himself tightly, his hand inside his sweatpants. The funny thing was, he didn’t really feel very wet down there, at least on the outside, and he still needed to pee. Usually, if he wet in his sleep, he didn’t wake up until his bladder was well and truly empty.

He ripped his pants and pull up down, sat on the toilet, and started peeing a few seconds later. The strange thing was, it didn’t seem particularly desperate.

When Aiden finished emptying, he nervously pulled his sleep pants up to his knees as he remained seated. He gingerly looked inside, and was surprised to find that it looked dry. It didn’t appear to be wet at all. He put a finger inside the padding, and found a wet spot, although he couldn’t see it. He pulled his finger away, and saw a sticky residue coming away with it, like a glistening spider web. He sniffed his finger, and it didn’t smell like pee at all.

Aiden sat back, and looked at his private area. It glistened in places with the early morning light coming in the window. He rubbed at the wet bit, and his hand came away sticky.

Suddenly, his sleep fogged mind cleared, and thanks to his Sex-Ed classes, he worked out exactly what had happened.

He’d just had his first wet dream.

*1060*2019-08-24 17:06

{{6 hours ago, mikey mike said:

This really is ace stuff Barry can't wait to see what Aiden and Maria get up to tomorrow!

}}

Neither can I mate, neither can I.

Just like @Piddly said in his story. It’s really strange how these things write themselves. You think you have an idea, but the characters just start doing their own thing. I’ve started the next chapter, but already it’s a lot longer than it should be for where it is.

Thanks for sticking with me.

*1063*2019-08-25 01:05

{{2 hours ago, RNSL81 said:

I just had to comment. I've been binge reading this for a few days now. Only just started and I'm up to chapter 65 of part two. Just after Dan and Amy's grounding and reuniting beach trip. So far this story has made me laugh (a lot), cry (especially the first "twist ending" ) and engage in my own funtimes. I've peed myself a few times the last few days and wet a diaper or two in sympathy. This story, its characters, the writing, everything is just spot on. It takes me back to so many places. My first girlfriend, my first smoke (and getting caught), my first wetting (accidental and deliberate). I still have a ways to go in catching up but I want you to know that I am loving this story and can't wait to see where it goes. From what I see of the last page its still on going and I just want to keep reading more.

}}

Thank you so much. I’m glad you’re enjoying it, and I hope you stick with it, as I actually think it gets better as it goes on, (At the risk of sounding un-humble, hehe)

This was/is the first story I ever wrote, and I’m of course still learning with every chapter. The early ones kind of floated a bit in places, but I’m starting to get the hang of fleshing out and developing the characters a bit more as I plod along. If you stick with it, you’ll probably see that the cast of characters increases, and they all do develop in their own special ways.

As always, I love feedback, so thanks again, and let me know how you get on with it.

*1065*2019-08-25 02:10

Chapter 5.

Breakfast With Maria

Thursday.

It took Aiden ages to go back to sleep. Not only because the dawn sun was peeking its way around the curtains, but because he was happy and excited. Unbeknownst to Aiden, he was just like Dan had been, desperately awaiting the onset of puberty, although for reasons of his own.

In Dan’s case, he had hoped with all his heart that puberty would finally put a stop to his bed wetting, but for Aiden, he sincerely wished for a massive growth spurt, and some physical development. The boy did eventually sleep again, but only in spits and spurts, his mind continuously turning over with unbridled possibilities.

He was however, asleep when his father knocked on the door and walked in at 7am.

“Tiger? Aiden? You awake mate?”

Aiden stirred awake, and stretched. “Hmmm? Dad? Ya. Wassup?”

“I’m going with Mario to start prepping the toilet block mate. Ah, is everything okay? Do you need anything?”

Aiden grimaced. He knew his dad was helping, doing the right thing, but it was soooooo embarrassing!

“Yeah dad. I’m okay thanks. I got up and went to the toilet earlier.”

Sean gave him a big smile, and a thumbs up. “See mate? I told you things would get better! After this trip, no more silly sleep pants, ok? You’re growing up Tiger!”

“If only you knew,” the boy thought to himself.

“Rose is coming down to help, and Maria is still in bed. There’s cereal and milk, or you can make toast. But try and go back to sleep if you can, buddy. Sorry to wake you, but I wanted to check on you before I left, okay?”

Aiden smiled. “Thanks dad, love you.”

Sean grinned and closed the door, saying “You too Tiger,” and Aiden winced. He hadn’t meant to add the “love you” bit, but it had kinda slipped out. Oh well, he shrugged. He DID love his dad, it just felt weird saying it sometimes.

He lay there for another fifteen minutes, but couldn’t get back to sleep, so he got up, and padded to the kitchen. There were Coco Pops in the cupboard, Aidens absolute favourite cereal, so he made himself a big bowl, and a large glass of apple juice as well. Not long after, Maria appeared, yawning and rubbing her eyes, with lots of errant loose ends sticking out of her braid.

Aidens heart skipped a beat. “She’s even pretty when she first wakes up,” he thought with a smile.

“Coco Pops?” she mumbled, pointing at his bowl. “Good idea. Aiden.” Apparently the spacing of his first name was back in vogue this morning.

She made a bowl for herself, along with a glass of milk, and sat opposite him, yawning again.

“I’m not used to getting up so early on my holidays,” she said.

“Why did you?” Aiden asked, talking with a mouthful of cereal, and spilling milk all down his chin, which made Maria laugh.

She looked at him, or more precisely, THROUGH him, as though she could read every corner of his mind. Her gaze was penetrating, and slightly unnerving.

“Because you’re here, silly,” she said simply, with a shrug. “I really like you Aiden. I’m looking forward to hanging out with you today, you know, like if you wanna?”

It was a simple comment, but it sounded so sincere. A lot of times she had a certain “sing-song” way of talking, in short, clipped sentences, and her slight Italian accent leant a whimsical note to her voice, but now, she sounded dead serious, and somehow older than her twelve short years. It wasn’t so much the actual words, but the way she said them, that made Aidens heart skip a beat.

He put his spoon down, and reached across the table to hold her left hand, the one not currently shoveling Coco Pops messily into her mouth, “I really like you as well. Maria.”

She giggled. “Thanks! But why did you say my name like that? You know? With a pause?” Her big brown eyes fluttered at him, and for a second he couldn’t answer, before he saw the corner of her mouth quivering, (and dripping with milk) as she fought to suppress a smile.

He saw she was pulling his leg, and he spluttered indignantly. “That’s exactly what you do! Why do you do that, anyway?”

Maria grinned. “Honestly? I just like your name. It’s nice to say. Aiden.....”

They cracked up laughing and couldn’t stop, sloshing milk out of their bowls as they bumped the table.

As soon as they calmed down, Maria changed the subject.

“So, didja wet the bed last night?”

Aiden grinned. “Nope! Not a bit, completely dry.”

This was a little white lie of course, but he didn’t hesitate in telling it. After all, he couldn’t very well tell her that he’d cum in his sleep while dreaming about her!

“Me too,” she said, matter-off-factly, as if this was a normal teen/pre-teen conversation. “I thought I mighta wet myself last night, because I was soooo tired, but I didn’t.”

After the cereal, they made toast, and continued talking about absolutely everything, from their home lives, siblings, and schools. Maria went to St Margarets, the junior school, and was in her last year, grade 6. Even though there was only a year and a bit difference in their ages, because of the anomaly in the school system based on what year you started pre-school, which was based on your birth month, the boy was two years in front of her at school.

It seemed so weird to him. The grade eights, (even the smaller ones like him) always felt an automatic superiority to those below them, usually in reference to the grade sevens, but especially to those still in “Kiddie School.” Aiden felt none of that with Maria. Yes, she was “only” a little junior school grade sixer, but she was almost as old as him, was almost his size, (albeit he was admittedly short) but she had such a, well, presence. Her very spirit just permeated everything around her, and she had the poise and self confidence of someone well beyond her years. She was a born leader, and he was more than happy to follow her.

“St Margarets huh? Two of my mates have got girlfriends who go there, to the senior campus I mean, the college? Maybe you might now them? They’re only in grade 7, so you prolly went to school with them last year?”

She shook her head. “I only just started there this year. I hadda transfer, cause I got kinda suspended.”

Aidens jaw dropped. “Whaaaaat? No way! You never!”

“I did,” she said. “For fighting. There was another girl who was always picking on me. She’d push me over, tease me, and just be mean all the time. She was one of the popular ones? You know the type? The ‘in crowd ‘? Anyway, one day she actually hit me! Even at school, the girls didn’t ever like ‘hit’ each other! But this one day, this girl, Alecia, actually hit me! She punched me right on the side of my head! She was a lot bigger than me, I mean, most of the girls were, but she was bigger than most to start with.”

Aiden was entranced. He knew she was an Amazon, but he never in a million years would’ve thought that she would ever be like SUSPENDED or anything! “Wow! What didja do?”

Maria took a sip of milk, leaving her with a big, milky moustache, which she just casually wiped off, using the top of he forearm, just like a boy would do.

“I broke her fucking nose,” she said, flatly, and without emotion.

“You WHAT?”

“I broke her fucking nose, that’s what! My second oldest brother is a boxer, and he teaches me to box. It’s great exercise, and I can kick any kids butt, at least the ones our age.

This was the first time Aiden had heard her swear. As far as he could remember, the strongest language she’d used up till now was ‘damn.” He hadn’t even heard a single “bloody” escape from her pretty mouth yet, even thought it was usually a favourite word of his, because he was allowed to use it around his parents, at least in the correct context, and not too often.

“WOW! What happened?”

Maria shrugged. “She hit me, I hit her back. A really nice short left jab. POW! Got her right on the button, and blood went everywhere. Then she cried, of course, the wimp, and I got inta trouble. They were gonna s’pend me, but papa got real mad, ‘cause he knew how mean this girl was, so he pulled me out! Sent me to St Margarets instead. Maybe I’ll meet those girls next year, you know, like when I FINALLY get to high school? I’m SO sick of being short, and being in primary school! Everyone just automatically thinks that you’re like a baby or somethin’.”

She got up, and took their bowls and plates to the sink, but dropped a spoon on the way. When she bent over to pick it up, her nightie rode up, and Aiden saw her diaper, all swollen, baggy, discoloured, and hanging down.

“Maria, your pull up looks very wet,” he said. “I thought you said you didn’t wet the bed last night?”

She gave him an evil grin. “I didn’t. But I did a wee in it just now, while we were having breakfast.”

Aiden coughed, then spluttered. “You did WHAT?”

Maria looked at him as if he was an idiot. “I peed in my pull up. I did a wee. I hadn’t gone when I first got up, ‘cause I was kinda worried that you mighta already gone with your papa, I mean your dad. So I kinda needed to go. But we was having so much fun just talking and stuff, and I didn’t wanna stop, then we started laughing, and, well.....‘Sides, it’s only a pull up. That’s what they’re for, ya know?”

“Was it an accident?” He asked.

“Sorta kinda, a bit. I wee’d a little bit when we laughed, cause I really needed to go, and after that, well, my nappy was already wet, so I kinda just gave up and let go. It was too late then anyway.”

He shook his head in wonder. He’d felt his little pecker give a twitch inside his own pull up, and he knew he kinda liked her talking about it, for some strange reason that he couldn’t put into words.

“You’re incredible. Maria”

“So are you. Aiden. I really like you a lot. Really.”

He blushed, and gave a little embarrassed cough. “So. What are we gonna do today?”

She gave him a slightly withering stare. Which he physically felt, making him feel like an idiot.

“I already toldya yesterday. We’re gonna go for a swim! But it’ll haveta be a bit later though. Mama wants to take me into town for a stupid haircut, prolly after that I guess.”

“I think the other workers are getting here today,” he told her. “That’s what my dad said at least. Do know if there’s any other kids coming?”

Maria reached under her nightie and gave her saturated pull up a distracted little tug, as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

“I think so. Papa said there was, but I don’t know how many or how old they are. I don’t care anymore anyway. You’re here, and that’s the main thing. Stuff the other kids.”

She wiggled a little bit, lifting her little feet one at a time. “Ugh. I gotta go. I think I need to pee more, now that I’m standing up. If I do it in this pull up, it’s gonna leak everywhere.” She put on a deep lowered voice, trying to sound like “The Terminator.”

“I’ll be back. Aiden,” then she scurried down the hall, with a hand shoved between her legs. Aiden saw a drop or two falling from underneath her nightie onto the timber floor as she waddled. She obviously hadn’t quite made it.

He returned to his own room, and quickly got undressed while she was busy, and couldn’t barge in on him. He swapped his pull up for briefs, after using some wet wipes that his mum had put in his bag, to give himself a good wipe “down there,” removing any remaining residue from his momentous earlier dream, and put on a pair of knee length board shorts because Maria had told him they would be going for a swim later. After almost ruining his socks yesterday by wearing his crocs as they explored, he opted for flip flops instead, and left on the t-shirt that he’d slept in.

He then examined his pull up, and found that his “explosion” had been almost completely absorbed. There was a tiny patch that was a bit stiff, but it was invisible to the naked eye, and he sighed with relief. He was in a bit of a dilemma as to what to do with it. Throwing it out was his preferred option, after what had happened in it, but he’d already told his dad that he hadn’t wet, and he didn’t want his father wondering why he would throw out a perfectly good diaper which he could wear again. He shrugged, and put it back in his bag, to wear again that night. After all, like most boys, he’d often woken up in the morning and simply pulled on the same underpants or boxers from the previous day, so wearing a diaper with a tiny cum stain probably shouldn’t bother him!

Cum stain! He smiled to himself. He’d been waiting a long time to make one of those! In a way, he was actually really pleased it had been in a nappy, and not in his pyjamas or pants. He gave a slight shudder though, because he knew that now those wet dreams had started, they would no doubt continue, and at some point he would definitely leave a crusty residue in his pyjamas. His mum would no doubt find it, because she always checked his pyjamas to make sure he hadn’t wee’d himself overnight. He wasn’t looking forward to that.

He could only shrug. Every boy went through it at some point he figured, and they all managed to deal with it. Anyway, a wet dream probably should be less embarrassing than waking up soaked in pee! Maybe now his puberty was finally kicking in, his occasional bed wetting might finally stop, and his mum might not have to check his pyjamas any more. That would be the best outcome of them all.

His musings were interrupted by a knock on the door, and Maria barged in without being invited.

Aidens breath caught in his throat. She was wearing a very pretty little sundress, sleeveless, white, with little colourful flowers all over it. Her beautiful hair had been removed from the braid, and it cascaded down over her shoulders. Her black hair and olive skin proved a perfect contrast for the white dress. She was still barefoot, and gave a twirl in front of him.

“What do you think? Am I presentable enough to go into town with mama?”

“M,Maria,” he stammered. “You’re beautiful! You really are!”

Her smile lit up her face, accenting her high cheekbones and pert little nose. She took a couple of steps forward, and wrapped him in a huge bear hug, just like she had done to her papa yesterday.

“Thanks Aiden. I like it a lot that you think that. Come on! Let’s go have a quick swing before mama gets back.”

She grabbed his hand, and nearly pulled him off his feet as she dragged him out of the room.

*1067*2019-08-25 03:33

{{42 minutes ago, mikey mike said:

That was just fantastic Barry. It's 3.45 AM here in England and I couldn't sleep. Reading this has made me feel a whole lot better! Again thank you for all the hard work you put in writing this story for us to enjoy!

}}

Maybe you could watch a replay of the first Ashes Test mate?

*1070*2019-08-25 22:20

Chapter 6

Arrival. Hail, Hail, The Gangs All Here.

Thursday.

The convoy left the rest area, but there still wasn’t any conversation going on in the Jacobs vehicle. In fact, there was an awkward silence. Dan felt his phone vibrate silently in his pocket, and was surprised to see a message from Amy, who was sitting right beside him, looking down at her phone

A- Why are u and ur mum arguing so much lately?

D- U kidding? U see the way she’s always tlking down 2 me

A- Ur rong babe. She luvs u. She jst trying 2 help u

Dan sighed loudly, but didn’t look up

D- I’m not wrong. Don’t take her side. She been a bitch

A- NO DAN. SHES NOT. UR BEING A FCKING PRICK! STOP IT, AND DONT U EVER DRAG MY NAME INTO THE CONVASATION LIKE THAT AGAIN! EVER!

He looked sheepishly across at her, and she gave him a weak, watery smile, and even in the dark, he could see as yet unshed tears in her eyes.

D- Srry babe. I won’t. Prmise. I luv u. Xo.

Amy looked relieved, and she kicked her slides off, turned sideways on the seat, and put her socked feet on his lap under the blanket, then put her earbuds in, and looked out the window into the darkness as the music played.

Dan sighed softly again, then did the same with his phone, before putting his hands under the blanket and began gently massaging her feet. She wriggled comfortably, and gave him another smile, before turning away again.

After a few miles, the tension gradually left the vehicle, and Peter and Sue started talking again. Sue tried to engage the kids, but when she looked around, both of them had fallen asleep again, with their earbuds in. After his earlier outburst, she just left them asleep, thinking that Dan was probably tired and cranky.

The next stop was in the city of Geraldton, about two hours further north from the rest stop. It was nearly 7 o’clock, and the sun had been up for an hour. Danny and Amy had woken up awhile back, and the boy seemed in a much better mood now. The four of them had even been laughing at times.

They stopped at a McDonald’s again, much to the chagrin of the three mothers. But there’s a distinct lack of places that you can stop at that early, which is going to be open, have a toilet, and adequate parking for a boat as big as Jacks.

Of course none of the kids minded in the slightest, and this time they sat inside the restaurant to eat.

Inside the ladies room, Amy whispered to Nikki. “How’s that pull up going? Is it wet yet?”

Nikki giggled. “Nah. I don’t dare. I’m sitting next to Troy in the back. Besides, mum doesn’t know I’m wearing one, and Troy doesn’t even know I’ve got them. I’m just wearing it for fun, because I like them so much. I might do a teeny dribble in it now though, just because I can.”

Amy and Nikki laughed loudly at that, and disappeared into separate cubicles. Amy’s big pull up was still dry, but Nikki’s kiddie one was more than just a little bit wet by the time she left the stall. As was her way, she pulled her dress up high to show Amy how it was puffy on the front, as she ground her thighs together, enjoying the way it squelched between her legs.

“That looks like more than a teeny dribble Nik!”

Nikki just grinned in reply.

The boys were getting especially restless, so when they asked to go outside, permission was immediately granted, and soon they could be seen kicking Scott’s football back and forth in the empty supermarket car park next door. Troy stayed sitting beside his mother, and gazed wistfully out the window, giving a soft sigh. Paula heard it, and saw him watching, so she dug him in the ribs with her elbow. “Go on! You go too. No point sitting here looking lost.”

Troy looked around the table, feeling a bit guilty somehow, but he smiled and got up, and went outside to join the younger boys. He knew Dan and Scott already, but Matt was a lot closer to his size, so those two went to one end, and were soon jostling each other for the ball.

“Boys,” Jack sighed. “Where the bloody hell do they get the energy from? It’s 7 o’clock in the bloody morning! I’m exhausted already!”

Everyone laughed, even Nikki and Amy, who certainly didn’t want to run around outside at this hour. Sue patted his hand. “Let’s have another coffee, and give them ten minutes to burn off some energy. It might make the rest of the trip more bearable.”

“I’ll drink to that,” Paul said, getting up to order another round. “Scott’s been in a shit of a mood all morning.”

“Yup. Matt’s been a pain in the ass as well,” Jack admitted. “I don’t think the kid likes early mornings too much.”

Amy grinned when Sue looked at her and gave a conspiratorial wink. “Must be something in the air, aye Amy?” That made the girl chuckle. It was nice to be included it the adults conversation, and not be treated like a little kid.

The grownups had another coffee, Nikki had a soda, but Amy abstained. She wasn’t going to drink too much until she got there, and besides, she had her water bottle in the car if she did get thirsty.

She visited the toilet again, just in case, and ten minutes later the adults were outside, with the four smokers enjoying a last cigarette, and the four red faced boys were back, sweating and panting. Dan himself made another restroom break, and they hit the road again.

“You stink Dan!” Amy told him when they got back in the car and she wound the window down a bit.

“Sorry babe,” he replied guiltily, and gave himself a quick spray of deodorant from his “diaper bag,” which he always carried for obvious reasons.

Troy had planned to drive from Geraldton, but there was a lot more traffic on the road than he had expected, with lots of big trucks, and he’d never towed a trailer before. When Sonia diplomatically offered to drive the next stint to the roadhouse, he wasn’t exactly disappointed by it. She assured him the last leg, a two hour drive to Peaceful Bay, would be a lot easier. Paula was pleased as well. She’d had enough of driving for one day.

That stint went easily enough, and even provided some great sightseeing opportunities for the kids. They were in the true “Outback” now, and although the landscape didn’t have much in the way of features, it was absolutely fascinating, especially for Amy and Sonia, who had never actually seen the real outback before. The dirt was red, the vegetation sparse and somehow mean looking. Spiky bushes, stumpy trees, and huge anthills appeared on the side of the road. They saw a huge snake, well over three meters long, sunning itself on the side of the road, and it would’ve been almost easy to believe that the flat, red, featureless landscape belonged to a Martian-type planet.

The biggest highlight of the trip, that had kids and adults alike staring in awe, was when a big mob of emus appeared off the side of the road, and ran alongside the vehicles, which all slowed down. Emus are stupid birds by nature, and will just turn and run in front of traffic, and a seven foot high animal can completely wreck a car if that happens. It was a great photo opportunity though, and all of the kids were glued to the windows filming the huge, flightless birds. They all kept an eye out for wild donkeys and camels as well, but didn’t have any luck seeing those. Kangaroos were plentiful, and they were massive up north, and it was the first time Amy had seen one in the wild. The temperature increased the further north they got, and soon the blanket was off Dan and Amy’s laps, and the air conditioning was switched on.

Two hours later, they were at the big truck stop at the turn off to Peaceful Bay Road. Usually Jack and Paul would’ve just continued on without another stop, but Pete had had a quiet word to them about Dan and Amy’s condition, so they were quite happy to make the extra stop. Besides, towing the heavy boat was playing absolute havoc with Jacks fuel consumption, so he probably would’ve stopped anyway to refuel.

Paula pulled Nikki aside before they went in, and leant in to whisper in her ear. “Here you go Nikster. This could be the last proper toilet you see until tomorrow. If you don’t want to be using a porta loo for doing poos, I suggest you try your very best to go here.”

Nikki nodded, but then Paula grabbed her arm, and sniffed.

“You smell of wee Nik. Surely you didn’t wet yourself in the car, did you?” She spun her daughter around and looked suspiciously at the back of her dress. For a terrifying moment, Nikki thought that her mother was actually going to reach up under her dress, and check her panties. If she did, she’d be getting a handful of wet pull up.

“Mum!” Nikki hissed. “I most certainly did not! I promise you my knickers are completely dry.”

Of course they were. They were in her handbag, after all.

“I didn’t shower this morning, and I’ve been stuck in the back next to bloody Troy for nearly eight hours! I probably do smell a bit.”

“You’re probably right,” Paula laughed. “I’m sorry sweetie, but you have been asleep, so you can understand why I asked.”

“Hmphh” Nikki exclaimed. “Guess so mum, but really? I’m not a total baby you know!”

She then marched inside with a rapidly beating heart, and took her wet nappy off with shaking hands, replacing it with the fresh panties from her bag.

The scare had given her a twitchy tummy, and she had no trouble at all with moving her bowels, even in a strange toilet!

She wasn’t the only one either. The lack of proper toilets on site had been playing on everyone’s mind, and they all payed a visit to the rest rooms at some point. The adults, including Troy, had another coffee, and the teenagers all bought soda, and they hit the road again for the final leg of the journey. Troy finally got his chance to drive, and he proudly put the magnetic “P” plates on the car and trailer, and took up position as the last car in the convoy. He was a bit nervous at first, but the almost brand new ute was easy to drive, even with the trailer on, and within a few miles, his confidence was back, and he drove very well.

The extra stops had delayed their arrival somewhat, and nearly ten hours had passed since they had left the first roadhouse, and it was nearly 11am by the time they eventually pulled into the park, the gate being open.

Of course the kids in every car were swivelling their heads in all directions, trying to take it all in at once. Every car had its fair share of excited exclamations being uttered from within.

“Look Ames. That must be The Lodge,” Dan said, pointing past the playground that they were turning towards.

“There’s a little kid there,” Amy replied. “Look. On the monkey bars.”

Dan looked where she was pointing, and saw what appeared to be a little boy of about 10 or 11, sitting by himself on top of the monkey bars, staring at the convoy in wide eyed wonder, his jaw hanging open in disbelief. There was something vaguely familiar about the kid.

“What’s he looking at anyway?” Amy pondered. “We haven’t all got two heads or anything?”

The barefoot boy jumped down easily, and started running towards the cars, waving wildly.

“That’s kind of weird, dontcha think Danny? Why’s he carrying on like that?”

Dans phone buzzed, and he saw a message from Scott.

S: “It’s Aids!”

Dan started laughing. The cars pulled up outside The Lodge, and the three teenage boys jumped out, and ran towards the little boy, and soon they were all jumping on top of him.

Amy wandered towards Nikki, who raised an enquiring eye at her.

“Da fuq?” Nikki whispered.

“Dunno Nik. No idea.”

“You don’t know who the little kid is? Why are the guys carrying on like that?”

“Nup.”

The girls felt a little bit miffed. For the last ten hours, they had been looking forward to finally getting here, then having fun with their boyfriends, but as soon as the cars had stopped, the boys had completely abandoned them, and were carrying on like a bunch of idiots with some little kid! It made no sense.

Sue saw the look of mild distaste the girls had as they looked at the boys, and she recognised it immediately. She also recognised the little blonde boy who her son had introduced to her after the busses had returned from camp. She couldn’t help smiling to herself. It appeared that teenage girls always had a mild jealousy about being ignored by their boyfriends!

“It’s a friend of theirs from school,” she patiently explained.

Amy huffed. “What? That little kid? No way!”

Sue chuckled. “Hasn’t Danny mentioned Aiden before, dear?”

Suddenly it all became clear, and Amy and Nikki exchanged a glance. Of course both Dan and Scott had mentioned Aiden before. But still, they hadn’t expected him to be so, well, young looking. But at least it explained the boys reactions. It also meant another distraction for the boys to not spend time with them.

Amy sighed. “C’mon Nik. We may as well go meet him.”

