Two Caught Out

Author: stinklerus

*000*2012-04-08 09:50

This is my firts attempt at fiction on this board, although the story has been posted on another board. I do have some original un-posted stories almost ready, so hopefully they will be posted soon.

Jill and her friend Ann were waiting at the taxi rank. They had enjoyed a lovely evening. Their husbands were away on a golfing weekend with a group of their mates, so Jill had invited Ann over to stay and they had arranged an evening out with a group of their friends. Jill stayed in a small town, but, to make the most of the evening, they had arranged to all meet up in the nearby larger town. This made travel arrangements easier for everyone in the group, as they all lived in different directions.

Jill and Ann had taken a bus into town, and intended to take a taxi back home to Jill’s, where Ann was spending the weekend. Altogether there had been a bunch of six chatty, happy ladies in their mid-forties to early fifties who had met up for the evening. They had enjoyed a lovely meal in a reasonably upmarket restaurant before taking in a show at the theatre. The evening had been rounded off with a few drinks in a lively pub. They had then all gone their separate ways – after delaying their goodbyes for some time with items of gossip which seemed to suddenly come to mind.

After saying goodbye, Jill and Ann had headed for the nearest taxi rank, idly chatting and window shopping as they went. They were in no particular rush, as there was no-one else at home, and they were enjoying each other’s company, and catching up on all the gossip. The streets were fairly busy, as people were rushing between various bars and nightclubs before closing time.

When they reached the taxi rank, they were somewhat surprised to see a long queue of people, all waiting for taxis, and no taxis at all on the stand. Jill explained that as well as the show in the theatre, there had also been a concert and a few other events, so what was always likely to be a busy time of night would be especially busy tonight.

After having stood in the queue for about five minutes, and only having seen one taxi come and go, Jill noticed that Ann, who was normally a very bubbly and chatty person, had gone rather quiet. She didn’t think too much about it however, assuming to herself that she was probably getting tired. She was pretty tired herself, as it had been a long evening, and she had put in a busy day cleaning and tidying the house before Ann arrived.

After a few more minutes, and no more taxis, Ann started to chat a bit again. Then she asked “When we do get a taxi, Jill, how long will it take to get home to your house?” Jill replied that, once they eventually got a taxi the journey would take about 25 minutes to half an hour. She also explained that by the look of the queue and the speed at which it was shortening, they would most likely have to wait another half an hour before even getting a taxi. Ann said “Oh well, we’ll just have to wait”, and then carried on chatting about something else.

Five minutes later and only one more taxi having been and gone, Ann had gone quiet again. Then Jill heard her whisper, as much to herself as to Jill “I hope I can hold on, I’m really needing to go.” It was only then that Jill noticed the tell-tale signs that her friend was needing the loo, as she was standing with one leg tucked behind the other and had her thighs pressed together. Remembering her own fairly recent mishap, where she had been caught short on the way home one evening and ended up wetting herself, Jill anxiously asked Ann if she would be okay, and if she thought she could wait for another hour.

Ann replied “Don’t worry, I’m not needing that badly. I’m sure I will be fine.”

Jill recalled how her own accident had evolved, and how quickly her desperation had developed. “If you’re sure then that’s fine, but don’t feel you have to try and hold on if you are really needing. We could find somewhere if it would make you more comfortable for the journey.” Ann again said she would be fine, but this time Jill thought that she did not sound so confident as she had been moments before. Jill was also starting to feel the first signals from her own bladder – nothing serious, but the message was there that she would be needing a toilet sooner rather than later.

They were still about the tenth or eleventh people in the queue, and had now been waiting for half an hour. It was looking like they would have at least another quarter to half an hour wait, followed by the 30 minute journey. Jill noticed Ann was now biting her lip, and fidgeting a bit. Then Ann said “Maybe we should look for somewhere. I’m needing quite badly. Are there any toilets nearby?” Jill replied that there were public toilets about five minutes away, and that if Ann was really needing to pee and was worried about not making it home, that they should definitely leave the queue and go. Anyway, she said, there was a good chance that the queue would have gone by the time they got back. “Good said Ann, I think that would be best. After all I wouldn’t want to have to stop on the way and squat somewhere –especially in front of a male taxi driver. I would be much more comfortable if I could relieve myself before we go.”

Jill told her not to worry, as she was starting to need as well, and with that they left their places in the queue and headed towards the toilets. Having been caught short recently, Jill was still rather nervous about being able to hold when on the way home, so had made sure that she had gone to the toilet in the pub shortly before leaving. She had suggested that Ann did the same, but was not sure if she had actually done so, as they had been busy chatting to different friends.

They had not had a lot to drink, thank goodness, as the pub toilets had been anything but hygienic, with puddles of pee on the floor, a broken seat on the toilet and a rather horrible smell. Jill had gone anyway, and had managed to have a pee. It had been difficult to hold up the skirt of her dress, pull down her tights and undo the hook and eye fastening of the body shaper she was wearing whilst trying to keep everything dry and clean. She felt it had been worth it though, as she could face the journey home with confidence.

Ann on the other hand, although having gone into the ladies toilet in the pub, had not had a pee. The state of the place, and the lack of a proper lock on the cubicle which she had chosen, put her off trying. She also needed space to undress herself, as she was wearing high waisted briefs which were designed to pull in her tummy and flatten her bottom. They were a fine, smooth material, designed to wear under a dress, but with the particular dress she was wearing that night, she had to loosen the zip to be able to reach far enough up to get hold of the waistband.

In the confines of that cubilcle there was no way she was going to risk spoiling her dress by doing that, so she had decided she could easily wait until she got home to Jill’s where she would have all the room and time she needed. Jill was not aware of what she was wearing under her dress, and neither was she aware of what Jill had on, although each had privately thought the other looked slimmer and shapelier than they had done in their casual clothes.

Jill was also unaware of the fact that Ann had not used the loo in the pub, or that in fact she had only used the toilet once during the whole evening, before going to the theatre. Had she known this, then she would have had a better understanding of why Ann was needing to pee so badly. As they walked along, Ann would stop momentarily and dip her knees a little whilst squeezing her thighs together. She was looking anxious and a bit flustered. Jill was concerned for her, as she knew too well what could happen if she became too desperate, and she would hate to witness her friend suffer such embarrassment. To make her feel more at ease she said “Not long now, just around the corner.” Ann replied by saying “Thank goodness for that. I’m getting really desperate. I’m so glad we left the queue. I couldn’t have stood there like this. Oh I am looking forward to getting some relief.”Jill reassured her by saying “Don’t worry, we are almost there. I’m not desperate yet, but I do need to go too.”

As the friends rounded the last corner, Jill saw something which made her heart sink. By the light of the streetlamps she could see that there was builder’s hoarding all around the toilet block. She said “Oh no! This doesn’t look too promising, Ann, they look closed” Ann looked as well and said despairingly “No- they can’t be surely. What are we going to do? I can’t hold on much longer or I’ll go in my knickers.” There was a notice with the Council logo fastened to the hoarding, so they went up close to read it. It stated that the toilets were closed for major refurbishment and that alternative toilets were available at the Riverside. The notice also had a map showing where the alternative toilets could be found. “Riverside, is that far away?” Ann asked. Jill thought for a moment before replying. “No, not too far. About a ten minute walk. Will you be okay?”

“I’ll just have to be” said Ann. “After all, I don’t really have any choice. I must pee soon and there is nowhere else to go. I’ll manage, don’t worry.”

Jill felt that Ann had sounded anything but convincing when she said she could hold on. She was starting to need really badly herself now, as she too had been anticipating the relief she thought the toilets would bring. She wasn’t at the sheer desperation stage yet, but crossed her legs as discretely as she could as they stood to ponder the situation.

Ann’s assurance to her friend had largely been a case of putting on a brave face. In actual fact she was absolutely desperate! She knew only too well in her own mind that she had to find somewhere soon, or it would be too late. She would end up peeing herself in front of her friend, which would be a terrible embarrassment. She pressed one hand firmly into her crotch to hold herself through her dress, squirming all the while, before the pair set off in the direction of the alternative toilets.

Ann was breathing sharply and muttering things to herself. Jill could not help overhearing some of what she was saying. She heard Ann mutter something like ”I wish I had gone in the pub. I really should have gone then. Oh dear, I feel like I going to burst!”

Jill said to her that she thought that Ann had gone to the pub toilet, but she replied “I did go into the toilet, but the place was in such a state I didn’t use it. There was no lock on the cubicle and the floor was covered in water. Besides, I need more time than usual tonight, thanks to these knickers I’m wearing. You know the type with the high waist which give you a nice flat tummy and hold your bum nice and firmly. I’ve got these on and I have to unzip the back of my dress to get at the waistband. There was no way I was going to do that in that filthy toilet, and I wasn’t needing that badly and thought I could easily make it home, but I may have underestimated things a bit!”

Jill gave an understanding look, then said “Oh, that would have been a problem. I thought your figure was looking good tonight. Now I know your secret.” Then she asked “Could you not just pull the gusset to the side and pee that way?” Ann replied “I haven’t tried it but I don’t think so, as they are quite a tight fit. I should actually have taken a bigger size, but they made me feel good when I put them on. They don’t make me feel so good now though, as they are adding the pressure on my bladder! Is it far to go yet?”

Jill told her it was about another five minutes walk, to which Ann replied “Oh dear. Oh I do hope I can make it. I’m really, really bursting. If I don’t go soon it will be too late. Oh! Oh!” Ann had stopped and was now pressing both hands into her crotch and stood, slightly bent at the waist with the tops of her legs squeezed tightly together. She was biting her lip and glancing around, as if she was looking for a spot to have an emergency squat. Jill herself had started to hold herself too, and could feel her need growing by the minute. They were along the riverside now, and the sound of the water was making matters much worse for them. Ann felt that, at the most, she could only last a few more moments before she would start peeing, whether she got these knickers down or not.

There were still few people about, mostly couples or groups of young men. As they walked, they saw one young man leave the group he was with and turn into an alley. As they passed they saw him peeing hard just and heard the gush as his pee hit the ground. The sight and sound was almost too much for Ann and she really had to struggle to keep control. Jill made a comment about how easy it was for a man to relieve himself in a public area, and how she wished she could do the same. Since her recent accident she had often wondered what she could have done to prevent it, and what she would do if she found herself in the same situation in future. She had thought it might have been possible to pull aside the gusset of her knickers and pee through the leg hole, but she still would have needed somewhere secluded enough to squat to go.

She had often reassured herself with the thought that on the night on which she wet herself, there had been no alternative – there had been nowhere secluded enough to go, even if she could have got her knickers down. Tonight, thankfully, she was not at that stage, although she was becoming pretty desperate, and the state of her friend wasn’t helping. The more desperate Ann became, the more effect it seemed to have on her own bladder. Never mind, the toilets were not far off now, and it looked like they would make it. She dreaded to think what might happen if Ann lost control and did it in her knickers. That might be enough to set her off as well. She had never told anyone – not even her husband- about her accident and did not want to admit to her friend that she had wet herself recently, so basically she had to make it to the loo.

By now Ann was in some difficulty. She was struggling to walk quickly and kept stopping to squeeze her hands into her crotch. Down her by the river there was a cool breeze, and this was only making matters worse, making her tremble slightly every time she stopped. Jill tried to encourage her by telling her that they didn’t have far to go, but she could tell by her actions and appearance that she was in real trouble. Ann had been secretly looking about her over the last few minutes for anywhere that would allow her to squat and relieve herself, as she was now really doubting her ability to reach the toilets. There was also the horrifying possibility that they too could be closed. She did not want to ask Jill if this might be the case, though, as she was afraid of the effect it might have on Jill’s ability to hold.

Suddenly Ann stopped, spread her legs as far apart as her dress would allow and looked down. She held her hands up to her face and gave a gasp. Jill was convinced that Ann had lost the battle and fully expected to see a flood of pee pour between her legs at any second. However, nothing appeared, and instead Ann clutched herself again and rushed back along the direction they had just come and disappeared into the mouth of a nearby alley, one hand pulling up her dress as she went. Jill rushed after her, telling her to hold on and she would help with her clothing. However, before Jill entered the alley she heard a loud hiss, followed by a splashing noise.

By the time Jill reached her, Ann was already in a low squat, with pee pouring from her. She had her tights halfway down her thighs which were squeezed together from her crotch to her knees. Her feet were spread apart and the pee was gushing under her, splashing her shoes and the backs of her legs. As Jill’s eyes grew accustomed to the dim light of the alley, she could see that Ann had been unable to get her knickers down and was peeing through them. The gusset and the area around her bottom were absolutely drenched in pee, and she thought she could even see a wet area glistening on the crotch of her tights, meaning that she had been wetting herself before she got to the alley.

Ann herself was feeling a mixture of sheer relief and pure horror. She was gasping and sobbing at the same time. She blurted out “I’m so sorry Jill, I just couldn’t hold it any longer, and I never even tried to get my knickers down as I knew I wouldn’t manage. Oh, I’m so ashamed. I do hope you won’t tell any of the others about this. It’s just that I was so desperate. I’m soaking, but the relief feels so good!”

The sight and sound of Ann wetting herself was almost too much for Jill’s overloaded bladder. She stood holding herself tightly whilst glancing around to see if anyone could see them. The alley was lit by one streetlamp near the entrance. Ann had not been able to get far into the alley before she lost control and where they were at present meant they were silhouetted against the light of the lamp should anyone look from the street. Jill considered her situation.

Whether or not she could make it to the toilets with her underwear still dry was now very questionable, so she thought it would be better to move further into the alley and relieve herself there. At least she wasn’t alone, and Ann would be able to stand in front of her and shield her from the street. Jill moved quickly along the alley, telling Ann to follow her. Ann had by now composed herself a bit, and was dabbing at her wet knickers and thighs with a tissue. She pulled her tights up a bit, but not so far as they would be against her soaking knickers, dropped the hem of her dress and followed Jill.

Jill had been hoping to get well into the alley, and squat behind some refuse bins. However, a sudden spasm hit her and she had to stop, nearly doing it where she stood. As she was waiting for Ann, she hitched up her dress and tried to pull down her tights. There was a ripping sound as she pulled her tights down, and she realised that all her pressing her crotch to hold in her pee had caused the hooks on the gusset of her body shaper to tangle in the gusset of her tights. Ann had caught up by now, and she whispered to her “Quick, hold my dress. It’s almost coming out.”

Ann held the hem of her dress up, as Jill frantically tried to undo the gusset of her body shaper. She tore the remnants of her tights out of the way and opened her legs to allow herself access to the fastenings. Because she had to let go if herself and open her legs to do this, the pressure overcame her and she started to pee. It was not much at first, just little squirts which dampened her gusset. She was squirming around, desperately trying to undo her clothing, muttering to herself “Come on! Why won’t you unfasten! Oh no, oh no! I’m doing it! It’s coming out! I’m wetting myself! Oh no!

She suddenly stopped and looked at Ann with a glazed look in her eyes. Then there was a huge hiss followed by a splattering sound as she gave up the struggle and peed herself forcefully through her underwear. A massive puddle formed beneath her and pooled around her feet. Ann watched in amazed horror as the crotch and front of her friend’s smooth skintone body suit darkened with pee. Jill was standing, slightly bent forward, with her legs apart, and the remains of her tights around her knees. The pee had splashed her shoes and ankles, and was running down her thighs, soaking what was left of her tights. When the flood eventually subsided, she leaned back against the wall for a moment, savouring the feeling of intense relief, before coming to her senses. “I’m so sorry,Ann” she said. “I just couldn’t hold it in another moment. What are we to do now? We both have wet knickers and look at my tights”.

Ann suggested they still go to the toilets they had been heading for. At least there they could tidy themselves up as best they could. Jill agreed, saying that once she got rid of her ruined tights, she had a spare pair of knickers she could wear. She would dry off the gusset of her shaper as best she could and leave it unfixed, pulling the knickers up underneath it. That would mean she would not feel wet and uncomfortable on the way home. Ann still had her tights, which although damp were not as wet as her knickers. Once in the toilet she would be able to remove her soggy knickers and go home with just her tights under her dress. The ladies therefore headed for the toilets, which ironically were still open, and sorted themselves out as they had suggested, before getting a taxi at the now deserted rank. They vowed to one another not to tell a soul about their accidents, and also to make sure they had empty bladders before going anywhere in future.

