Summer with Snape - Page 26

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*625*2014-02-02 21:17

{{:

Yay really enjoy this story, can't wait until there's another update! Love Harry Potter stories!

}}

{{:

I can't wait for the next installment in this story I really want to find out what happens when snape and narcissa talk about harry.

}}

{{:

I have read these stories about five times already and I still like them and will read them again

}}

I'm so glad I still have fans to this story! I will try to write the next chapter this week. We shall aee how that goes.

*632*2014-02-26 15:13

This is hot off the press...I told myself I would ignore my roleplays for as long as it took me to write this chapter...it took me 3 hours, and I finished it. Just one more chapter left! I'm so excited, but this story still has a few one shots as I can't truly let this baby go. Anywho, here you go, you guys get this before fanfiction lol.

Chapter 100

Harry went back to enjoying his third year, and even though he found himself with new friends he still couldn't wait until the school year was over. He was looking forward to another fun-filled summer with his dad. It was in the middle of March during lunchtime when the Headmaster stood up and said that the ministry will be having members of the school board visiting Hogwarts this week and that he wanted all of them to be on their best behavior. Harry glanced over to the Slytherin table, and he could see Draco grinning, so he guessed that Uncle Lucius would be coming sometime or another. He hoped that he wouldn't run into him, at least not in his Harry Potter persona.

The last time Mr. Malfoy and he had such an interaction when he was Harry Potter, the man had tried to kill him in Hogwarts and only Dobby had stopped that. That made him hitch his breath at that thought, just how in the hell as Lucius going to be able to see Emery behind Harry? The man wouldn't care once he found out as they were one and the same, and if he hated him as Harry then he knew it would only be a matter of time before he hated him as Emery. He perked up at the mention of the Easter Holidays. That was next week and definitely something he was looking forward too.

The next day found the small third year walking with Ron and Hermione to DADA. Today was the starting day when they had to give their presentations, and due to the amount of students the man had and for how long each project was supposed to be, only 2-3 students would go per class. As it was, Harry had volunteered to go first, as he mainly wanted it out of the way and that he was confident in his abilities. He hurried to take a seat at his desk, the bell ringing about a minute after and then Professor Lupin stood up.

“Good afternoon students, I'm sure you all know what today is, and I hope that all of you prepared. The students that will be going today have all volunteered and will be receiving extra points towards their projects,” Remus stated calmly, ignoring the gasps from a few students, and the look of horror that Hermione was giving him as she hadn't volunteered to go first.

Harry was grinning brightly at the man, even if he wasn't behind in his DADA, extra was always nice. He didn't want to go first but luckily Professor Lupin had decided who he wanted that to be. He watched surprisingly as Neville got up first, well how bout that? He hadn't even known the boy offered to go first, that was a change. Harry shook his head to get rid of the thought as he focused more on what the boy was saying.

He had underestimated when the teacher told them that each presentation had to be at least 15 minutes but no longer then 30 minutes, and Neville had chosen plants not surprisingly and how they help when it comes to defense. It was very informative actually and when Neville was passionate about something he was extremely easy to listen too. Harry looked around the classroom to note that everyone had his eyes on the shy boy and Hermione was even taking notes. He shook his head as he focused on the boy's presentation. When it finally ended he clapped with the rest of the class, looking up as Draco went next.

Draco was an enigma if there ever was one. In front of everyone else you would think nothing between him and Harry had changed but away from everyone he was just as protective as Ron in a way. It was like suddenly having 3 older brothers, as he included Theo in that. Harry laid his head on his arms as he focused on Draco's presentation. He sipped his bottle of of water absently that was one thing he liked about Professor Lupin's class, the man allowed them to drink in class. Merlin knew one's voice got dry yelling out spells, and on some days he even allowed snacks. He was a very cool teacher, a bit odd not to mention how much Paddy seemed to prefer Lupin to Harry at times.

By the time Draco's presentation was up and hour or so of class had gone by and Lupin was telling them all to get up and stretch for a bit. During the bit of that was when Harry felt it, the minute he reached for the ceiling he felt the jolt in his bladder, and he looked towards his empty water bottle with a huff. He hadn’t even gone before class, usually he went with Ron but the boy had just went into the class today without a stop and Harry had forgotten about it. He remembered it now and he didn’t like it. He timidly raised his hand up in the air.

Remus saw Harry's hand and he smiled, he knew the boy was next and apparently the child didn’t want him to forget that. “We'll get to you in just a minute Mr. Potter, I promise,” he grinned.

Harry put his hand down and blushed that hadn't been what he was about to refer too. He was about to speak up about perhaps visiting the toilet but that plan was foiled now.

“Professor, before we start with Harry if I may be excused?” Hermione asked politely.

“Of course,” Remus told her easily.

Harry looked at Hermione's back enviously as she left the classroom. He could hear his classmates chattering to each other, and he knew he wouldnt start until Hermione came back. Speaking of which, he was still unconsciously frowning in the direction of the door.

“Relax Harry, 'Mione will be back,” Ron told him with a chuckle. “I didn’t know you liked her like that,” he teased playfully.

“Shut up Ron, I don’t like her like that,” Harry hissed out blushing.

“Are you sure about that?” Ron asked wagging his eyebrows in a teasing manner.

“Yes I'm sure,” Harry huffed, and ignoring his friend as the boy laughed. He turned his gaze to the front of the class, where he saw Professor Lupin grinning at him. But there was just no way the man heard his conversation with Ron. He blushed even darker at the thought, what if she had heard him. He didn’t like her like that! It was maybe 5 minutes later when Hermione came back into the class and it restarted, Professor Lupin took a few moments or so to get the class back in order.

“Harry you may take the floor,” Remus said forgetting for a moment that they were in class, not that it mattered as everyone knew that he was the teacher's favorite.

“Yes sir,” Harry replied as he stood up and brought his shrunken project to the front and set it up before he un-shrunk it and turned to the class. He shifted slightly on his weight as his bladder got used to the changed positions, and he hoped that his 15 minutes sailed on by. He took a breath before he launched into his presentation. His was about the differences and the similarities between what they considered light and dark magic.

He didn’t speak fast, the last thing he wanted was to run out of things to say before his time was up, he would surely lose points for that. As he got into the swing of presenting, he could feel everyone's eyes on him and relaxed as he spoke about a subject he was obviously passionate about. He forced himself to ignore his bladder in favor of focusing solely on the words on his board, and didn’t notice his inability to keep still. That didn’t mean to say that everyone else remained blissfully ignorant, because they did not.

“Merlin, I've never seen anybody so excited about a presentation. Look at how he's literally bouncing with glee,” Seamus murmured out, extremely confused about that but he had long ago learned to accept his peers quirky behavior.

Remus along with a few of the students knew just why Harry was so 'excited' and it had nothing to do with glee, but more importantly with wee. He was trying not to cringe as he listened to the boy's very thorough description of the what made 'dark spells dark', and 'light spells light'. It wasn't the material that had him on edge, it was the fact that the child in question was doing a very urgent toilet dance. He sighed, he didn't want to interrupt him and make the child go as he knew that would have embarrassing and debilitating consequences if Harry denied it and then wet himself. Severus would kill him, point blank, not to mention Sirius. He knew he had to tread carefully.

Harry was using his wand as a pointer as he pointed out the key points in his presentation. He had everyone's attention which was good, but at the same time he wished they would all close their eyes. He knew he had only been up front for about 10 minutes, and they had 15 minute presentation and he knew if he stopped now he would get a 0 or something fairly close to it. He had to go pee with a vengeance and it was making it very hard for him to concentrate.

As he pointed out the Incendio spell for an example, he felt himself spurt and he frowned, placing his wand to his side as his free hand went up timidly. “Professor Lupin?” He asked quietly, as he crossed his legs in what he hoped was a casual way.

“Yes Mr. Potter?” Remus answered, hoping the child was about to ask for permission to be excused as he would never tell him no.

“I gotta pee,” Harry found himself blurting out in his haste. As the class laughed, he felt his face heat up in embarrassment as he knew that was NOT the way to ask.

Remus frowned as he gave Harry a long look before he shook his head to rid himself of the amusement as he addressed the child. “That may be so Mr. Potter, but that is not proper classroom etiquette. Would you like to try it again?” He asked gently, knowing he couldn't let the child go until he managed to properly voice it, or something close to it.

Harry grimaced but he had known that himself when he had blurted it out. “Can I go pee?” He asked pitifully his body trembling in effort not to squirm around like he so desperately needed too. Harry could have kicked himself, he could have sworn he had said excused, he knew pee wasn't the right word. And with everyone laughing he was disrupting the class and he didn't want to get in trouble and not be able to go.

“Mr. Potter I tire of this game, if you wish to be excused you will ask accordingly and you may do so,” Remus told him boredly, but he was anything but.

He was frowning as he looked the child and he had no idea how much he sounded like Severus in that moment. He could see Harry was starting to get in a bad way, all the boy needed to do was use something else besides Pee. He had remembered as a child how much Minerva had drilled it into them when Sirius had said it once. It wasn't the type of language one used around teachers or any professional. So as much as he hated this impromptu lesson, he had to do it.

Harry nodded jerkily, as he was forced to wiggle slightly in place before he turned back to his presentation to try to continue. At least that was the plan but his bladder needed to be emptied and he had to listen to it, or he would wet himself in front of the whole class. He swallowed thickly as he turned back to his Professor.

“Um, um may I..uh..loo,” he stammered out as he broke out in a sweat as he crossed and recrossed his legs. He couldn't think about anything about his urge, why couldn't he just go and get the lesson later?

“Professor, may Harry be excused to go to the toilet please?” Theodore blurted out, unable to take it anymore. He looked around the classroom and noted that Weasely too was out of his seat as well as Draco and that know-it-all.

Remus blew out a breath, he could accept that. It was a bit strange to ask for one's friend but not when said child was in a bad way. “You may go Harry,” he replied quickly not wanting to keep the boy.

“What about my presentation? 15 minutes you said?” Harry said even as he quickly pocketed his wand, already heading to the door.

“You can do that when you get back, we were all do for a small break from sitting anyway,” he said as he gestured to the class to stand up and stretch a bit.

Harry nodded before he ran out the classroom and towards the bathroom. He had practically asked for himself, he had been aware of his body. He grinned proudly to himself, not even slowing down slightly as he turned a corner. Which he should as he collided with another body, and he fell to the floor. He had managed to grab his crotch out of instinct as he hit the ground and was able to stop from losing control of his bladder. He groaned as he looked up and saw just who it was, Lucius Malfoy!

“What where you're going boy,” Lucius said harshly as he dusted off his robes.

Harry gasped as he scrambled to his feet as he wiggled in place. “Sorry Uncle Lucius, I gotta use the toilet,” he said without thinking as he ran around the man and into the washroom a few paces away and disappeared through the door.

Lucius for his part was floored, and he watched the child, who he had seen to be Potter run into the lavatory. No that wasn't the part that had him floored, that bloody nuisance had called him Uncle Lucius, why would he do that? Further more how did he know that name? The only child who called him that was Emery, who was neither here nor there. He found his brow furrowing in confusion as he turned and headed bathroom that the boy had gone in. He could hear him relieving himself in one of the stalls and he patiently waited by the sinks, while flicking his wand at the door and locking it and covering it with a notice me not charm. He would get his answers make no mistake about that.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Meanwhile at Malfoy Manor Narcissa was finally taking her chance. She knew that Lucius had gone to Hogwarts today and she also knew that he would most likely stop to visit Severus. However before that he would be busy and she needed to discuss something with the man first. She waited about 10 minutes after his left so that if he happened to forget something he wouldnt return and catch her. Nodding briskly to herself, she made herself into his study and after spelling her clothes, she flooed to the Potion's Master's office. Yes she knew she was unannounced and that if he was in class he surely had an alarm that would alert him that someone had just flooed in his office. Surprisingly the man was in there and was looking at her guardily.

“To what do I owe this pleasure Narcissa?” Severus drawled as he spelled a privacy ward around his office and another flick of his wand and he served some tea.

“I came here to talk, about your son,” was her immediate reply as she took a seat across from his desk.

Severus gave her a hard look at that, wondering just what the hell she wanted with Harry, or in her case Emery. Had she tried to find a solution of sorts? He had nearly forgotten about his birthday dinner and the knowing gaze she had given him.

“What about Emery?” He asked carefully.

Narcissa took a breath as she took out her wand and set it on his desk. Every fiber of her being was telling her not to do this, but she wanted Severus to see that he could trust her. She knew that he could oblivate her of all knowledge of this but she was a Slytherin too and had taken the necessary steps to assure that she would remember.

“About him really being Harry Potter,” she murmured out quietly, watching as his eyes narrowed in first disbelief, shock and was that a hint of fear? Before he closed himself off to her.

“I don’t know what you're talking about. Accusations like that will get nowhere Narcissa, Emery is not Potter,” Severus denied his voice taking on a dangerous tone. He too could see her wand sat untouched on his desk, but he was still on edge and taking no chances either.

“He is, and I have no wish to harm you or son Severus, I merely wish to discuss this,” she replied seriously.

“How did you acquire this information?” He said with a sigh, taking another tactic when it became apparent that she wouldn't be swayed by his lies or denials.

“Emery told me, when you and Lucius were arguing about where the boy in question would live. He was crying hysterically and I pleaded with him to let me help him and it spilled out. Do not blame the boy Severus, I can be persuasive when I want to be,” She said her face frowning at the thought of the child getting punished on what he told her.

“He won't be punished but I will be giving him a stern talking too. So you've known for almost 3 months now, why have you now just brought it to my attention?” He asked her curiously.

“Because I was looking for the right way to bring it up and for Lucius to be out of the house. He's here in Hogwarts today by the way,” was her answer.

“I know, he told me last night when he inquired about Draco. I'm not sure what I'm to do about Emery. He wont talk to me when I bring that up, Harry is very stubborn and he doesn't want to lose Lucius's love,” Severus said his lips thinning in a straight line, but honestly he couldn't fault the child.

“Stubborn like his father, I will work on Lucius. He's already sworn to change sides as he doesn't want to lose Draco or I to the Dark Lord,” Narcissa promised him.

“Don't tell him, he's not ready to know. Harry would never forgive you if you do that and Lucius turns him away,” Severus warned her.

“I know, I will be delicate with this information. I don’t want to hurt that little boy, anymore then he's already been hurt,” she said sadly.

“Neither do I,” he agreed softly.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Harry came out of the stall with a proud look on his face, he had managed to get his clothes down in record time especially considering he was wearing his school trousers and standard buckle. He was very proud of himself and it showed. He pulled down his robes as he headed over to the sinks and stopped in the middle of the bathroom as he saw he wasn't alone. His heart stopped beating for a moment, before it started over double time. What the hell was he doing here?

“Mr. Malfoy,” he breathed out quietly.

“Mr. Potter,” Lucius said calmly as he looked at the boy. “Might you be able to help me?” He asked conversationally.

“Help you with what?” Harry asked slowly.

“I need you to help me figure out, why in Merlin's name you called me Uncle Lucius,” he said slowly as he carefully watched the child's face.

Harry's eyes went wide, he had done that?! He closed his eyes and remembered bumping into the man in the hall, but he hadn’t thought he had said that? What had he done? Oh god he was so dead, he was going to die in the bathroom of all places. He fearfully took a step back even as the man had yet to draw his wand he knew to be in the cane in his left hand.

“I don't....I don't know what you're talking about,” he lied weakly.

“I don't take kindly to liars Mr. Potter, tread carefully now,” Lucius told him as his eyes flashed.

Harry swallowed audibly as he took another step back away from the man. His eyes flicked to the door and back to the man, wondering what his chances were with making a run for it.

“It has a complex locking charm, but by all means do try, if you so choose too,” the aristocrat said in a cold tone, that spoke much more then his words ever did.

“What...what are you gonna do to me?” Harry whispered out. He hadn’t gone for his wand because his common sense was telling him that would not be in his best interest and he had no desire to get cursed by this man.

“That depends, are you going to be honest?” Lucius drawled, now they were getting somewhere.

“Yes sir,” Harry stated in hushed tone. He wanted his dad, he didn’t know how to call him either.

“Now, why did you call me Uncle Lucius? Where did you hear that term? And what made you think you of all people could call me that?” Lucius said barely able to keep his composure as he hissed out the boy. How dare the child mock his title that his nephew had given him!

Harry hunched into himself with every question, and by the time Lucius was done, his chin was resting on his chest and he was staring at the ground. He could feel the man's gaze on him and he knew he had to answer but he didn’t want to get cursed if the man didn’t like his answer. Not to mention he would be putting his father in danger. He shook his head tearfully, but he would not cry. He could hear the man patiently waiting for his answer, and he wasnt sure how much patience the man had and he did not want to test that. He worried his teeth between his lips as he thought of how he could answer those questions without giving anything away. He absently pulled the small pocket watch necklace that he had gotten for Christmas. It was a present that he wore often enough because it made him feel like he was loved.

The amulet from his father he only wore when he was in his Emery persona, but this one was different and it meant much more. It was a gift from the man across from him, and it had the Malfoy crest on the back of it along with the words 'family protects their own'. His father had placed a glamour on it so anyone else would see just a normal pocket watch, when he had seen how attached Harry was to it. But to those who knew what was on it they would see it how it usually was. He was deep into his thoughts that he was startled when he heard the sharp intake of breath.

“Where did you get that?” Lucius breathed out carefully.

Lucius could swear his eyes could not be seeing right. He had given that gift to Emery for Christmas, it was more then just a simple pocket watch. When the boy was in trouble it would activate and alert either him or Severus before he would be port keyed away to a safe room in his Manor. The necklace he had given the child was spelled to his magical signature, Draco had one just like it, children were to be protected. The only one who could take it off were either him or Severus. His thoughts however were swirling with this new information.

Harry froze as he looked down at the watch and back up at the man, he could see the man's gray eyes calculating. “For Christmas, it was a present,” Harry sniffled out as he backed even further away.

“A present from who?” Lucius asked tightly, he hadn’t moved from his place at the sink, but he could see the terror in the boy's eyes.

“Just somebody,” Harry said pleadingly.

“From who? Who did you steal that from Potter?” Lucius said finally moving towards the child with his hand up.

“I didn’t steal it, it's mine!” Harry yelled out finally.

“It's not, that has the Malfoy crest on it, I can see it. That belongs to me, I don’t know how you got it, but you will not keep it,” he said darkly. “Give it to me,” he demanded.

Harry couldn't stop the tears at that, and he choked on a sob, trying not to cry. He would be strong. He reached up with shaky fingers to unclasped the chain on the necklace, only it didn’t come off. He hissed out in pain, as the chain seemed to shock him, he tried again only to get the same treatment only worse, it felt hot almost burning. “Oww!” He cried out as he continued to try to get the stupid thing off.

Lucius stilled his motions at that, as he watched the boy getting repeatedly shocked. He knew it hurt, Draco had tried once to get his off and he had to heal the boy's burnt fingers after he hadn’t succeeded. He knew what this meant then, Potter was Emery. But how? He turned to look at the crying boy in front of him, Severus would kill him if he walked and saw this.

“Just stop,” he said his voice gentle, in a tone he had never used on Harry Potter at least not consciously.

“I hafta to get it off, I don’t wanna get in trouble,” Harry wailed out as he continued to try to get it off.

“You can't take it off, It's spelled against you. I know it's yours Harry, I just don’t know how,” Lucius said in a tired voice. As he made his way to the child and physically had to stop him from trying to take the chain off. He was dismayed when the boy flinched, but honestly he should have been expecting that, he had just scared the boy half to death what did he expect?

“I'm sorry, I didn’t take it. Please, please don’t hit me,” Harry sobbed out, no longer trying to hold anything back.

Lucius looked at the child and sighed, before tilting his head to the side. He could see the similarities in the two children. Was Potter honestly a third year because he didn’t look it? He sighed as he bent down to pick up the boy, who he felt immediately stiffen in his arms.

“I'm not going to hurt you,” He promised the boy quietly.

“I don’t believe you,” Harry whispered out sadly.

“Uncles, don’t do that to their nephews,” Lucius murmured.

“Uncle Vernon did, all the time,” Harry admitted tearfully.

Lucius clenched his fists at the thought of the boy's muggle relative hurting him. He had gotten a piece of the puzzle with just that sentence. At least he knew why Severus took him in, and he knew why he hid him too. He sighed sadly, wishing his old friend had of trusted him with them. He rubbed the boy's back, trying to get him to relax.

“He shouldn't have, and I'm sorry for scaring you. I did not know that you and Emery were one in the same,” Lucius murmured.

“Wasn't supposed to tell you, and now you'll hate me,” Harry confessed depressingly.

“I don’t hate you, I'm just confused,” he admitted.

“My Daddy can 'splain it more,” Harry mumbled out as he relaxed in the man's arm. He didn’t feel like he was in danger.

“If he doesn't kill me first,” Lucius said dryly.

“Why would he do that?” Harry asked curiously.

“I caused you to burn your fingers,” he said quietly.

“Oh yeah, I'll just tell him it was my fault,” Harry told him easily.

“No, I wont lie to Severus about this,” Lucius told him before he pulled out his wand to cancel the spells around the bathroom. He went to place a dillusion charm on the child when the bathroom door burst opened, to his surprise there was his son.

“Harry? Did you make it? Did you need help clean—Father!” Draco said his eyes wide as he stood stiffly. He could see Harry in his father's arm and he didn’t have a good feeling. He was scared that much was sure and he didn’t know what to do, not to mention his father was going to be mad that he was talking to Harry Potter. Oh Merlin he was so dead.

“Draco, what are you doing here?” Lucius asked quietly, though he was very much aware why. He wasnt the slightest deaf.

“Uh, Professor Lupin sent me here to check on Har—Potter,” Draco replied fearfully.

“And why would he do that? Where are his Gryffindor friends?” Lucius drawled.

Draco gulped as he started to back out of the room. He had to get his Uncle Severus before his father kidnapped Harry.

“Don't you take one more step Draconis,” Lucius told him warningly.

“Father what are you going to do?” Draco asked sadly, knowing this was it.

“Take him to Severus, we're due for a talk. Judging by your look when you came in here looking for him, I take it you knew that he was Emery,” Lucius said calmly.

“Yes father,” Draco said softly, his eyes on the ground.

“Don't worry about it Draco, go back to class. Tell Lupin, that Harry is with Severus,” Lucius said casting the charm over the child. “I will not harm him, he knows this now,”

Draco nodded slowly, as he walked out the bathroom. He didn’t feel good about leaving Harry to the tender mercies of his father, but his father wouldn't lie to him; at least not about this. Not to mention, his Uncle Severus was bound to be angry if Lucius did something and he wouldn't jeopardize something this important.

After casting a notice me not charm on both the boy and himself, Lucius headed down the the dungeons. He knocked on the man's office door, looking down at the child in his arms to note the boy was nearly asleep. That spoke wonders, the boy had trusted him enough to fall asleep on him. After everything that happened last year and he trusted him? He would need to teach the child a bit about trusting blindly.

“Enter,” Severus drawled from inside. His meeting with Narcissa had gone well and the woman had left about 5 minutes ago, afraid that Lucius would come back early and find her gone and then floo Severus which is where she had been. He shook his head, he had thought her paranoid but she had been right, as Lucius walked through the door. His heart dropped into his stomach as he watched the man drop the charms and he saw his son!

“Harry,” roles be damned, he was out of his chair and in taking the boy from the man in a few seconds. “What's wrong with him? What did you do Lucius?” Severus asked worriedly as he started running a diagnostic charm over his son.

“He's simply sleeping, though his hands are a bit burnt. He tried to take off the necklace,” Lucius replied quietly.

Severus stilled his motions at that as he pulled out his burn cream. “You saw then, you know,” he spoke quietly.

“I know,” Lucius said as he took a seat.

“We will talk in a moment,” he sighed as he got his son's hands healed before he disappeared out of his office and into their quarters where he laid him down to bed. He kissed the boy on his forehead wondering just how this conversation was going to go. Though he had to give it to the child, he had found a way to keep his Uncle Lucius, now he had to see if Lucius would still be sincere. For Harry and Draco's sake he hoped so.

*636*2014-03-12 21:20

{{:

I'm so happy that Harry has found a way to keep his Uncle Lucius! However, I've gotta say, the more you write Remus into this story the more I hate him. Quite the feat, too, considering I quite like his character normally. I cannot wait to see how you end this, although I have to admit I wish it never would.

}}

Ohh...my intention was not to make anyone hat Remus. He did the same thing Minerva did to Sirius, maybe I should have elaborated it a bit? Not to mention, I had a teacher who refused to let anyone go, if they used the words 'pee or wee' in their sentence of asking for the bathroom. He always wanted to say something more professional, I get the teaching of it, but it was always bad timing on his part. The last chapter is extremely long, but If I split it up, I'll be prolonging the story. And this baby is 3 years old...and time to end it lol. As much as I enjoy rereading it too!

*637*2014-03-21 19:20

Hey peoples, it's a bit bittersweet, I finished the very last chapter of it, and it's action packed I think. I feel relief actually...and disbelief, I've been working on this baby since I joined this site. This chapter is over 5000 words so it's alot. It's not truly finished...like I have more ideas for this story but it'll be add on One shots you know? But for the chapters..those are finished..I'm going to be finishing my other story. Thanks for coming along for the wild ride, I enjoyed writing it, I love these characters so much. Anyway, I wont keep you..Enjoy the Last Chapter, and thanks for all the support they meant alot!

Chapter 101

Severus laid Harry down on the couch in their quarters, making sure to slip on a pull up for the child. He set an alarm to alert him him the child was in distress or waking up before he went back into his office. He took a seat, and looked at his old friend carefully.

“What do I need to do, to keep you quiet Lucius?” Severus asked quietly. They were all Slytherins here and he knew that no matter what Lucius while a good friend, tended to look out for only himself. He wanted to know just what he and Harry were up against.

“Nothing, I'm not going to use this against you. I took an oath if you recall, I have no desire to serve the Dark Lord when he returns once more. I'm not going to hurt Emery,” He told him seriously.

Severus nodded slowly. “I need another oath,” he told him tightly.

“I know, and you'll get it. Just not right now, I need to process this. I need to understand why you hid it from me. I've been looking through ministry files trying to make sure that the little boy stays with you and he's been with you all along,” he stated bitterly. He remembered the helplessness feeling of telling his nephew that he had found no way for him to stay with his father. He was a Malfoy and that had been a completely new feeling to him and he hadn't liked it.

Severus knew that was all he was getting from the man now and he sighed but there was really nothing he could do, short of obliviating Lucius and Merlin he didn’t want to even go there.

“I also need to know something else. How long Draco known?” He asked dryly, a bit peeved that his son had known before him.

“Draco knows?” Severus asked barely able to hide his shock from the man. When had Harry told the boy? Merlin, first Narcissa, then Draco and now Lucius, didn’t Harry grasp the meaning of a secret?

“He does, he burst into the toilet looking for him, and saw him. No doubt now, as soon as class is over he will be running down here to warn you that I've taken Emery. You should have seen the look he gave me. You would have thought I was taking him to the Dark Lord, my own son,” he sighed with a shake of his head.

“Well, if we're being honest your track record isn't the best. Even Draco knows that,” Severus said truthfully.

Lucius had to smile ruefully as it had been true, but leave it to Draco and now Severus to have no such tact when it came to such things.

“Since Draco and I both know, would it be okay, if I told Cissy?” Lucius asked him quietly.

Severus scoffed at that and gave a light chuckle. “She's known since my birthday dinner, Harry told her when we were arguing,” he grinned.

“Wow, that's not good. No it's fine that she knows, but Emery needs to learn the meaning of a secret,” Lucius muttered dryly.

“Why do you keep calling him Emery, especially as you now know the truth?” Severus asked curiously.

“It doesn't mean much to you, but to I and the child the name is significant. It was the name I was introduced as your son, and it's the name he identifies as being someone I like. As we all know I disliked the Potter family, and him by association. Emery while he may be Harry Potter, he's not. He's different and I think you too, can see the difference, one is more childlike and the other is a front to see be what everyone else want's him to be,” Lucius explained as he stood up. He had to get home and talk with his wife and discuss his findings today.

“I'll floo you tonight,” Severus said thoughtfully as the man's explanation had shook him a bit. He too had noticed the differences between his son when he was one persona and then the other. That would explain a bit more on just why he didn’t want to part with Emery. He would have to talk to the child when they got some time. He nodded and stood up, watching as Lucius flooed home. Well he had a lot to think about.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*2 Months later~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Harry was excited, the end of the year had come up pretty fast and he was very excited for his 3rd year to be over. Tt was now the end of May and leading into June, the school year was just about over and he was definitely ready for this summer. He noted with great relief that Sirius Black didn’t seem to be gunning for him anymore. That was weird in itself as Harry hadn't heard any more in the paper or by word of mouth that Black was trying to get him. He was just trying to settle down, and he loved the fact that Paddy hadn't belonged to anyone so now he was his. Which worked out as Snape had even tolerated the dog now, it helped that Paddy didn’t seem to growl at him anymore.

At the moment he was sitting in the common room with Ron, it was empty for the moment, being just after dinner and they were taking advantage of it. They were currently looking at the map wanting to see what Ron's brother's were up too. He hadn't had a chance to really look at the map at all that year as every time he went to grab it Paddy would growl at it so Harry didn’t want to get it ripped to shreds. But now that the dog was roaming the castle he felt relatively safe.

“What are they doing near the entrance doors, they know curfew is in effect since the Dementors are still here,” Ron muttered to himself as he got up with Scabbers in his hands.

Harry sighed as he followed suit, he didn’t want to get into any trouble. If Snape caught wind of this, or Merlin forbid Draco he was a dead man walking. Harry had thought Ron could be over protective, well the blonde Slytherin took the cake there. He followed his friend out the tower and headed down towards the entrance hall. As they made their way there, Harry got a chilling feeling in his stomach, along with a familiar pressure in his lower stomach. It also didn’t help that it was full moon, what if they're were werewolves out here?

“We should go back, I don’t like this,” he whispered out to Ron.

“Relax Harry, it's just the twins trying to scare us,” Ron told him as they hurried towards the doors.

“Let's hurry though Ron okay? I hafta use the toilet,” Harry told him quietly. He had gotten quiet good at speaking up about his need, especially when he was with his friends. He was definitely more confident about that then he had been at the beginning of the year.

“We won't take long,” Ron promised him, not really planning on staying outside long. He was just curious to see what his brothers were doing.

Once they got them open, they looked around curiously, it definitely looked later then it really was and Harry was starting to get freaked out. And he noticed that Ron felt the same, if the look on his face was anything to go by. At least he thought that was the reason until he heard a loud angry growl behind him, that had him frozen in place.

“What bloody hell? Harry isn't that your dog?” Ron whispered out fearfully as he pointed somewhere behind his friend.

“Where?” Harry asked softly. “Paddy, would never bark at us like that,” he replied horrified as he slowly turned around. He watched the dog snap his jaws, a low growl escaping the animal, though he knew better to run. He could see the collar that he had gotten for the dog, gleaming proudly in the the light.

“He's gone Rogue!” Ron screamed, trying to push his friend behind him, as Harry was trying to move towards the dog.

“No Paddy would never hurt me,” Harry pleaded, even as his eyes told him that they weren't lying to him and this was really his grim looking dog ready to attack them.

“Well he looks mad, oh where's Snape when you need him,” Ron muttered out before the dog got into a crouch.

“No Paddy!” Harry screamed, and covered his face as the dog jumped at them. His whole body trembled from the horrific fear he was feeling, but the animal brushed right passed him and went for Ron. He watched wearily as his dog attacked his friend, biting his leg and dragging him away. “Ron!” He screamed.

“Get help! Help me!” Ron yelled out, afraid for his very life as he was dragged away by the dog.

Harry was besides himself, looking around crazily for anybody. He found himself screaming in fear when he turned around a second time as someone had grabbed him. He found it to be Draco, and he launched himself at the boy, babbling incoherently through his sobs.

“Harry, Harry, what's the matter? What happened? What's wrong?” Draco asked frantically. He was thanking Merlin that he had decided to follow Weasel and Harry when he did. He had watched Paddy attack the Weasel and he knew that Harry would go after them.

“Draco we hafta save Ron! Paddy just attacked him, I don’t know what happened!” He cried, for how he was feeling and how helpless he felt, and how it seemed he failed Ron.

Draco winced as the boy cried into into his chest but they were wasting time, standing there and doing nothing. “Get yourself together Potter,” he snapped out harshly in a tone that he hadn't used with Harry in a long time. He was rewarded when the boy flinched back from him as if remembering what he was doing. He frowned, knowing he would definitely be in trouble for that later but he didn’t care right now. This was serious, and he could always apologize later.

“Sorry Malfoy, I don’t know what came over me,” Harry replied stiffly, blinking rapidly, trying to control his tears. What had he been thinking of course Draco didn’t care about Ron? And here he was blubbering all over the boy, he had let his emotions get the better of him, well never again. He wasn’t Emery right now and when he was, Draco didn’t truly care for him anymore anyway. At least that's what he was telling himself.

“Gods Harry, you know I didn’t mean it like that. I need you to calm down, so we can figure out how we're going to get Weasely back,” Draco told him firmly but his voice was gentler this time.

Harry wished with all of his heart that Hermione was here, and not Draco. She would never make fun of him like this, he shook his head, he didn’t want to go anywhere with the Slytherin boy anymore; ever.

“Just go get help, I'll wait right here, I don’t know where they went,” Harry gulped out tearfully. He was lying slightly, but Draco couldn’t know, not after that. He brushed his tears away angrily as he stared at the ground, lest his eyes give him away.

Draco nodded, not truly believing the boy but he took off to get his head of house, he would know what to do. As he ran, he passed Granger on the way, but he didn’t have time to think about her, knowing she would probably be able to get Harry to calm down.

Harry allowed himself to cry a bit more when Draco ran away, but he hastily brushed his tears away when he saw Hermione running towards him.

“What happened Harry?” Hermione panted out when she reached him, she had been chasing them since they left the tower. She had called for them, but apparently they hadn't heard her.

“Paddy went rogue I think, and he dragged Ron out here, and towards the Whomping Willow,” Harry replied sadly.

“Why are you crying?” Hermione asked quietly as she took in his appearance. She was a bit more worried now.

“I'm not okay! I'm just worried about Ron, and you weren't there, and stupid Malfoy was; and he was making fun of me!” Harry exclaimed out as he wiped his face as more tears had escaped during his tirade.

“Oh Harry,” Hermione soothed, before she took his hand, squeezing it slightly to comfort him a bit.

That could all be dealt with later, as they had a friend to save. And they headed towards the tree as a run, seeing Ron disappear into what looked like the base of the tree. They looked at each other unsure of how they were going to do this.

Inside the the Willow, or better yet the shrieking Shack, Sirius had transformed and had stolen Ron's wand. He knew that Peter was in the boy's pocket, but he was staying silent, not wanting to do anything or say anything for that matter before Remus got here. He simply took the wand and tried to cover up all the exits that a rat might be able to fit into. He was ignoring Ron, who was staring at him on the bed, in fright. He hadn't meant to scare him or his godson but he saw his chance and he took it.

He stiffened as he heard some footsteps coming towards the room, and he turned and hid behind the door as he opened, and in ran his godson and Hermione.

Harry ran for his friend, looking at his leg in horror. “I'm sorry Ron, I didn’t know Paddy would do that. I don’t know why he bit you,” he started off before he noticed his friend was pointing to behind them.

“He's not a dog,” he whimpered out in his fear. “He's Sirius Black!”

Harry turned around and gasped, his wand immediately coming out, as he pointed it at the adult. He swallowed heavily, feeling terrified at this point for all of them, but he knew who Black wanted and it wasn’t Ron or Hermione.

“Just let my friends go, and you can do whatever you want with me,” he said bravely, but inside his heart pounded fast into his chest. He swear it was going to pound right out of it, not to mention that he hadn't forgotten his urgent need. He didn’t want to die.

“I don’t want you Harry, we need to talk. But right now, I'm more interested in him,” Sirius told him as he pointed the wand at Ron.

“Ron didn’t do anything to you!” Harry shouted out angrily, wasn't it him he wanted?

“Not him, the rat,” Sirius stated impatiently, looking over as the door burst opened a second time to reveal Remus.

“Sirius, I trust you found him?” Remus asked him calmly, ignoring the children for a moment as he looked at his friend.

“Remus? You can't do this, Dad trusted you!” Harry screamed as he realized that his DADA teacher wasn’t on their side.

Remus sighed, this wasn’t what he was trying to do. “I can explain Harry,” he said before he waved his wand. “Expelliarmus!” The last thing he needed was to get stunned by the child before he explained everything.

Harry's wand went flying and he stared at the man in fear as he was rendered defenseless. He shifted back on his feet as he moved with Hermione towards the wall.

“How could you do this?!” Harry shouted out, hell if he was going to die, he wanted some answers.

“Because he's a werewolf!” Hermione suddenly shouted out as she glared at him. This was incomprehensible to her, as teachers just didn’t turn on their students right?

Ron and Harry were looking between their Professor and Hermione in horror. It was silence for a few moment before Ron was the first one to speak.

“What the hell does that have to do with him turning on us Hermione?” Ron asked quietly but everyone heard him.

“He's working with Sirius Black, and werewolves are evil,” Hermione said softly.

“Not all of them, I have an Uncle who was bitten by one. He's not evil, he's just turns into a dangerous creature once a month,” Ron replied with a shake of his head. “Professor Lupin, is not evil because he's a werewolf, what's evil about him is that he's helping the guy who help murder Harry's parents!”

Harry was shuddering by the wall, this was too much for him to taken in and he just wanted Snape. Why the hell did this always happen to him? Why had they ventured outside? He swallowed fearfully as the adults conversed to themselves, and shook a bit more as he realized they still had his wand.

“Don't hurt us please,” Harry whispered out, the fight in him gone, as he couldn't defend himself now.

“Merlin, we're not going to hurt any of you. The other day Harry, you mentioned on the map that you saw the name Peter Pettigrew,” Sirius started off.

“I know, but Peter Pettigrew is dead,” Hermione rushed out.

“He's not, he was shown on the map,” Remus interjected.

“Maybe the map was lying?” Harry asked timidly.

“The map never lies!” Sirius yelled out, effectively scaring the children in the room with them.

Harry jumped back in fear as he found himself pushed behind Hermione, he was supposed to protect her. “Mione what are you doing?” He asked her softly.

“You're frightened and more important at the moment. Besides you have no wand,” Hermione murmured out truthfully.

Harry made to argue before he turned over to look at Sirius and Remus who had advanced on Ron who was now holding out a scared Scabbers. He watched as the minute he set the rat down, it tried to flee. Their wands tried to get him, and missed but just when the rat ran underneath the table, they hit him and made him transform. He watched all of this with wide eyes, squirming urgently from where he was behind Hermione.

“Remus, Sirius my old friends,” Peter said as soon as he was transformed.

“You're no friend of ours,” Remus spat out angrily as he glared at his ex-friend.

Harry was watching them interrogate the man, his dancing getting quite frantic in the corner, but he didn’t want to draw any attention to him. So Sirius Black hadn't decided to kill him now, but that could change right?

“Harry? What's the matter? Are you okay?” Hermione asked him in concern as she turned to look at her friend. She could feel him bouncing behind her, especially as he had bumped her a couple of times and she was curious to know why. Was something wrong with him too?

“Nothing Mione I'm fine,” Harry mumbled out miserably, as he crossed and recrossed his legs. He was trying to find a position that would take the pressure off his bladder but it was hard given the little space he had pressed up against the wall in the corner.

Ron was staring at his friend in disbelief as he watched all of this. “Harry please don’t tell me that you have to do what I think you have to do,” he whispered out as he also become aware of his friends movement.

Harry stared at Ron silently, neither denying nor agreeing. He figured it would be best not to say anything as he didn’t want his friend to get mad at him too like Draco had done.

Ron looked at him attentively. “Are you just dancing for lack of something better to do or do you have to use the toilet Harry?” He asked bluntly, very much aware of Hermione's blush but he had no time for that. They had to figure this out.

“Yes I have to go Ron. I had to go before we left the castle, I told you that,” Harry stressed out to his friend in a defensive tone. This was NOT his fault, he would not be blamed for this. He had told Ron, he just hadn't listened to him. Not to mention where in the hell was Draco?

“Oh yeah, sorry mate,” Ron said with a wince before he gave his friend and apologetic look.

Harry whined softly as he jumped up around, the stupid apology doing nothing to aid him at the moment. He groaned and soon his wiggling intensified, and he was no longer paying attention to the men on the other side of the room.

It was Sirius who had noticed it first, having become very adapt at spotting his godson's potty dances when he had been a dog. And he found himself groaning as well but for a different reason and hefelt Remus stiffened next to him.

“What's the matter Padfoot?” Remus called never taking his eyes off of Peter before nodding to himself. “Incarcerous,” he stated calmly, as the man on the floor was bound in robes before stunning him once more for good measure.

“It's Harry, I tell you the kid has horrible timing,” Sirius stated. He was agitated at the whole situation now.

“What's the matter with him?” Remus asked, as he calmly continued to watch Peter. He wasn’t sure if the spell would stop him from transforming so for the time being he was watching Peter and not Harry. He was taking no chances.

“He's gotta wee, he's really working himself into a state,” Sirius replied with a sigh as he turned to face the children. His godson looked to be besides himself at the moment and seemed to be getting worse as the minutes ticked by.

Harry gasped softly, as he was suddenly forced to hold himself lest he lose control as he paced around in a desperate potty dance circle. “I want my daddy!” He whined out anxiously, wanting to be anywhere but where he was right now. He couldn’t stay by the wall forever, sooner rather then later he was going to wet himself.

Sirius sighed, but he had enough. He was not going to let Harry pee himself, that would win no points with Snape when this all ended. “Harry, could you come here please?” He requested.

“Please don’t hurt me Mr. Black!” Harry cried out as he jumped around in place. “I'll do anything you want me too, please!”

“Harry, Harry, Harry, I'm not going to hurt you kiddo,” Sirius told him gently, ignoring his title for the moment. He had more important things to worry about then what Harry called him.

“Then what do you want with me?” Harry asked tearfully as he bent at the waist in his desperation. He was trying everything he could to relieve a bit of the pressure in his bladder without peeing himself.

“I need you to come with me before you have an accident and Snape kills me,” Sirius told him reaching for the boy.

“I don’t...I don’t know what you're talking about,” Harry whispered out, ignoring the small voice in his mind that said he didn’t have time to deny this right now .

“Harry I can see your bloody dance. I have familiarized myself with it having lived with you since Christmas,” Sirius told him seriously. “I didn’t betray Lily and James Potter, Peter did and as soon as someone finds us, he will talk. But until them, come on and let's go take of your problem,” he said as he grabbed his godson by the shoulder and led him out of the room.

Harry gulped nervously but he couldn’t deny that his need wasn’t urgent. “Where will I go? Is there a toilet down here?” He asked the man hurriedly as he followed him.

“No there isn't, but there's a small room that will fit it's purpose,” Sirius told him as he led him into the room.

Harry looked around warily before looking back at the man. “You want me to go on the floor?” He whispered out horrified at that. One just didn’t pee on the floor like they were animals, it was much to reminiscent of him being locked in his cupboard with only a bucket for relief.

Sirius shook his head, of course Harry would be against that, so he wasn’t at all surprise. No what had him pausing was the fearful look on the child's face. “No, give me a moment,” he said as he pointed the borrowed wand at one of the chairs near the wall and transfigured it into a toilet. It was bascially a replica toilet, and it wouldn't flush but it would serve it's purpose.

“Thank you,” Harry told him gratefully as he rushed over to the toilet. He stopped in front of it, pulling his robe up, and trying to get his buckle off. But he had waited much too long and he had entered the land of no return and Snape was nowhere in in sight, Ron wasn't even near him anymore.

“You have a problem there kiddo?” Sirius asked curiously, but he didn’t move from his place by the door.

“I can't get my trousers undone, I need my dad!” Harry told the man desperately as he paced in front of the toilet. “Or I need Professor Lupin!” He told the man seriously, he honestly didn't care that the man turned into a werewolf. At least somethings made sense on what his father and the Professor had been saying when they thought he wasn't paying attention.

Sirius nodded but instead of going to get Remus he made his way to the boy. He knew that if he switched places with Remus, he wouldn't be able to stop himself from killing Peter. And that wouldn't get him his freedom, not to mention it would scar the two other children in the room with him. And he knew he couldn’t have that, if he wanted to be in Harry's life, and he did.

“I can help you with that kiddo,” he offered as he stopped next to the child.

“And you're not going to hurt me right? You're not going to hit me in my privates when I turn to let you help me? Or try to touch me inappropriately?” Harry asked warily. After all he didn’t know Sirius Black and for all he knew the man could be a creeper or something.

“Hell no, why would I do that? What do take me for, a bloody pervert?” Sirius asked, appalled at the whole situation as he got his godson's pants undone, and pulled them down for him before he stepped back..

“No, but I wanted to be sure,” Harry breathed out loudly, as he quickly turned to face the bowl. He was all set to go when he heard a dangerous silky voice in the room he had just left and he knew it could only be one person. “Dad!” He called out, unable to go anywhere as his stream as just started. He was however rewarded when he heard footsteps coming into the room.

Severus burst into the room, with his wand raised and Draco in tow, looking frightened and relieved at seeing him. “Harry are you okay?” He asked, raising an eyebrow at the position he found his son in. Honestly, he had not expected to find his son doing this, while Paddy laid on the floor near him.

“I'm okay, I just had to pee,” Harry replied with a shrug as tried to hurry up his stream. “Did you see Peter Pettigrew in the next room on the floor?” He asked the man.

“I did, I sent my Patronus to Albus to inform him of the fact, but Lupin seems to have it all under control. I'm only surprised that Black isn't here,” Severus muttered out truthfully.

“Daddy, he is here,” Harry told the man seriously.

“Where is he?” He asked tensedly.

“In here wiff us,” Harry replied softly as he turned to look at the dog.

“No way in hell,” Severus said completely unlike himself as he followed his son's gaze to their dog. He watched with wide eyes as the the dog transformed to the person he never expected to see. “Black,” he hissed out, but it was more shock then anything else.

“Hey Snape,” Sirius said as she shook out his hair and looked at the flabbergasted man whose wand while still in his hand wasn't pointing at him like he had thought it would have been.

“You've been living in our house for months and you didn’t hurt us. Why?” Severus asked tightly.

Sirius sighed. “I'm not going to hurt my godson and he told me early on that if I bit you he wouldn't be able to keep me,”

Severus wheeled his eyes to Harry. “You knew he was Sirius Black?” He asked out dangerously.

“No daddy, I didn’t. I only found out today, honest!” Harry said as he zipped up, his eyes wide he was so not trying to get into trouble. Especially when it was so close to summer.

“I meant as a dog Snape. We need to talk, but not right now. We have to go, it's still the full moon and I don’t know if Moony took his potion,” Sirius replied seriously.

“He did, I made sure of it, but you're right. Let's go,” Severus said tightly as he picked up his son and ushered Draco back out of the room.

“Merlin, you don’t have to carry him everywhere. He can walk,” Draco muttered out.

“You sound jealous, little Malfoy,” Sirius said in a teasing tone.

Draco pouted but said nothing to his cousin, he wasn't about to go there. Besides that was his mother's favorite cousin and he anticipated seeing the man once he was freed and he didn’t want to start anything off on a bad note.

Harry giggled as watched Sirius pick up Ron, and apologize for biting his leg so hard. He grinned happily as Remus with a floating and stunned and tied up Pettigrew as they all trooped out the Whomping Willow. He hugged his father tightly as they all headed up to the Castle, feeling the happiest he had ever felt. He couldn't wait for this summer, excited to see what it had in store for him. He had a father, a cousin who wouldn't beat him up, and Aunt and 2 Uncles that wouldn't hurt him, not to mention his best friends, new and old. And now he had a Godfather to top it all off, his family was complete and he had never been more happier. He sighed happily, and emjoyed the ride back to the castle, breathing out a breath he hadn't known he was even holding. It was all over, finally.

The End

*639*2014-03-21 20:46

{{:

That was a very good way to end this story. I loved it. But I am also sobbing because its over. I know, you have one shots you will write, and you will write other stories...but...you know. I'm gonna miss Summer With Snape.

}}

Thank goodness it came out okay, I couldn't get the ending right lol. I know it's sad, I'm a bit sad too but totally happy. NO more expectations...that means all my readers can finish their stories that they posted...or not posted here yet...*eyes the crowd...HP and RebelRebel in particular* lol

*644*2015-08-18 00:37

Guys it's me again, Guess what a new update to SWS. I did say keep an eye out for these one shots. I really love this story I wrote it in an hour an a half so I hope you guys like it too. I'm so not done with the SWS universe, got some stuff planned, so I hope you guys will like it too.

SWS One Shot Part l

Harry got onto the Hogwarts Express with a grin on his face, he had never been happier then he currently was now. He couldn’t believe how much his life had changed and how fast it had all come together. After the night under the Whomping Willow, he hadn’t been sure what was going to happen. His father had been angry at everything especially the fact that Sirius Black, his godfather was innocent. He shook his head in amusement as he remembered that meeting in the Headmaster’s office.

*Flashback*

Harry was sighing loudly, didn’t his father think he could walk. He was borderline embarrassed actually that he was resting on his father’s hip but if it made the man calmer he would suck it up. Besides he knew that he wasn’t the only one who was being carried. Sirius was currently carrying Ron and he knew it was because of the bite so it could be worse all things considering.

“Dad, where are we going?”Harry asked quietly.

“To see the Headmaster, he’ll know what to do,” Severus said tightly as he made sure that both Draco and Hermione were keeping up.

“Is Sirius going to have to go back to jail?” Harry asked worriedly.

“No, he will not, we have Peter Pettigrew and that will set the ball rolling,” Severus promised him.

“Okay,” Harry had replied before he quieted again.

The walk to the Headmaster’s office felt like it took ages and Harry was so afraid that something was going to happen to let Peter go free and he didn’t want that. He was trying really hard not to think on the fact that his godfather technically was supposed to be his guardian. Just what did that mean for him and his daddy? He didn’t want to think on it, not wanting to get himself worked up over it.

Severus hissed out the emergency pass code that every teacher had and the guardian in front of the Headmaster’s office opened without a second thought. They all hurried up the steps, just wanting this to be over with. He gave a respectful knock before he let them all into the office.

“Good evening Albus, we have a problem,” was the first thing Severus said before he set Harry on his feet and nodded to him and the Hermione and Draco to go take a seat on the couch there.

Albus sat up from his chair, his blue eyes changing from confusion to suspicion as he caught sight of the man behind his potion’s master. He could see that the man in question had a student in his arms, and he wasn’t sure why that was. No matter, the old man still kept his hand on his wand.

Severus saw the move and winced, he had warned the man he was coming with his patronus but maybe he should have specified just who he was coming with.

“Tonight the children uncovered something very peculiar, that I myself find it hard to believe and I was there for it,” Severus started off carefully.

“What happened?” Albus asked quietly.

“My godfather is innocent Grandpa Albus!” Harry burst out unable to keep his silence any longer.

Albus turned his gaze to the child in disbelief. “Impossible,” he breathed out.

“No it’s not, it’s the truth. We caught Peter Pettigrew; he’s got the mark on his arm. We know the truth,” Harry told him seriously.

“Harry allow me to explain, you can’t just throw things on people like that,” Severus stated tiredly as he took a seat.

“No it’s fine Severus; just maybe explain a bit more on this catching Pettigrew bit. Where is Peter?” Albus asked tightly.

“Stunned and in a cage,” Draco chirped out cheerfully.

At this Severus and Sirius turned to face the blonde hair boy. “What?” Sirius asked in confusion.

“Well when Uncle Severus went to find you and Harry, Professor Lupin said that um the change was coming soon and he needed to make sure that Peter was secure. But you guys came back and we started walking towards the castle really fast. And then Professor Lupin suddenly ran away and the floating spell wore off since he left and I didn’t know what to do!” Draco said working himself into a state at the identical gazes that were suddenly on him.

Hermione sighed before she shook her head. “Well Sirius and Professor Snape were walking pretty fast and Peter transformed into a rat and so I stunned him and then Draco made a cage and we stuck him in it,” Hermione finished up with a blush on her face.

“What?” Sirius gasped out as he turned around just now aware that Remus wasn’t behind them like he had been before.

Severus was staring at his two students with a look of shock and bit of pride on his face. This could have all gone bad very fast had the two

“Marvelous children,” Albus said breaking the silence that was in the office over the children’s words.

Harry was staring between both of his friends happily. “Thanks guys,” he said sincerely.

“Yeah Harry, it’s fine,” Draco said a bit embarrassedly at the praise they were currently getting. He set the cage on the man’s desk, catching Harry’s gaze and trying to give the boy a smile.

“Call the Aurors Albus,” Severus added a moment later. “And Amelia Bones,”

“Isn’t that Susan’s Aunt?” Harry asked in confusion. “Why are you flooing her?”

“She’s a very important person at the Ministry, and unlike Fudge she cannot be bought,” Severus explained to him truthfully.

“What do you mean bought?” Harry asked carefully.

Here the adults in the office all shared a look, their eyes flickering from Draco back to Harry as they contemplated this answer.

Draco wasn’t a Slytherin for nothing, and only gave an uncomfortable shrug. “My father buys him off,” he said with a frown.

“Uncle Lucius really does that?” Harry asked with a gasp.

“Yeah he does, and Harry don’t ask him about this,” Draco pleaded out.

“I’m not, he doesn’t even like me any more anyway,” Harry said with an uncaring shrug as if it didn’t matter to him.

“Yes he does,” Draco protested.

“No he doesn’t and it’s fine, I don’t care,” Harry said quickly before he covered his hands with his ears to let the boy know the conversation was over.

“You’re being childish Harry,” Draco grumbled out before he gave a sigh of his own and soon quieted.

“Can I go to the infirmary now?” Ron asked quietly, when the silence started to become a bit increasingly uncomfortable.

“Of course, you can floo there. I think it would be best if Sirius and the children go with you,” Severus said.

“We don’t want them to jump to the wrong conclusions if they see Sirius here before the evidence is shown; Albus explained when the man went to protest.

“Fine, just keep me informed of the situation and maybe send a patronus to Poppy, I don’t want her to get a heart attack over seeing me,” Sirius said with a frown.

Albus nodded taking that moment to do just that, and a few minutes later the children and Sirius all flooed to the infirmary.

*End Flashback*

Harry was giggling happily as he got onto the train, waving by to Hagrid and his daddy. He knew that his father would also be waiting at the train station to pick him up; he hoped his godfather would be there as well. He couldn’t help the excitement bubbling up in his chest. He had family! He gasped once more as he realized something his Aunt Cissa would be there; he only hoped that his Uncle Lucius would accept him this time. He shook the thought away as he made his way to a compartment.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Severus waved bye to the child, knowing he had the whole day to finish up with his end of the year work and figure out what they would be doing for the summer. As the train rode out of sight he started walking back up to the castle, remembering that moment in the office when he had thought he was going to lose it all.

*Flashback*

Once the office was cleared Albus turned to face his Potion’s Master. The man had a peculiar expression on his face and it didn’t take him but a moment to figure out why that was.

“Severus, you have nothing to worry about,” Albus told the man at once knowing he was going to work himself into a panic.

“Black is innocent Albus, he’s going to fight for custody of Harry. And he’s going to win,” Severus bit out anxiously.

“You don’t know that, Sirius can be reasoned with,” Albus said soothingly.

“You don’t know Black how I do, he knows how much Harry means to me. This is the perfect prank he could ever do, he won’t let this go,” Severus said tightly. “I’m gonna lose my child,” he whispered out brokenly to himself.

“No you are not,” Albus said firmly wishing that tonight wasn’t the full moon. He knew that Sirius would have contacted Remus and told him of his plans and he knew that the Gryffindor would be able to help the Slytherin see that all was well. Until tomorrow Albus knew that Severus’s fears could not be abated.

“Albus, what do I do?” Severus asked as he started pacing around the office as if the old man hadn’t even spoken.

“First you are gonna drink some tea, and then I’m going to floo Alastor and Amelia and after we will be discussing this,” the old man promised him.

Severus gave nod, truthfully he wasn’t paying he old man any mind. He took a seat in the chair, trying not to panic. He didn’t know what he would do if Harry was taken away from him.

*End Flashback*

Severus knew that while the trial for Pettigrew had gone off with a hitch, they had wanted to wait on giving him the kiss as Sirius had protested that Remus would want to be a part of this. This only meant that Harry would try to come and he would be damned if his child had nightmares of that. He shook the thought away, he currently had other things to be worried about. Nothing had been said regarding his guardianship of his son, but he was waiting for the other shoe to drop.

Black was currently going to St. Mungo’s daily to be seen by a mind healer and so the man had been too busy to try for custody but Severus knew it was only a matter of time. Could he even fight this when Black was the chosen guardian from Harry’s parents? He was also wrongfully convicted and he knew that Fudge would do anything to get the Black heir on his side. He knew it was only a matter of time and for maybe the 5th time in his life; he was frightened to his very core. He weighed his options wondering if Lucius would be of help, if Lucius would even help him.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Back on the Hogwarts express Harry was currently in a compartment with Ron and Hermione, Draco and Theodore. The way they all sat made Harry feel like he had to choose which was why he was currently on the floor between both the rows so he was essentionally in the middle of them all. The trolley lady had come and gone and there was an assortment of snacks and drinks all over their compartment. They had all bought a lot and nothing was said about the fact that Ron hadn’t paid for nothing.

“What are you looking forward most this summer Harry?” Hermione asked curiously.

“I don’t know Dad hasn’t said what we’re gonna do this summer. I hope Sirius can come too,” Harry added cheerfully.

“How does it even work out? Sirius is supposed to be your guardian,” Ron said slowly. “How does Snape still have you?”

Harry gave a small shrug. “I don’t know and I don’t care; I wanna live with my daddy anyway. I don’t know Sirius yet,” he said slowly.

“Don’t start Weasely,” Draco stated warningly.

Ron put his hands up in a universal gesture that let them know he was stopping there. “I was only asking,” he muttered.

“No one’s gonna take you away Harry, don’t even think that,” Theo replied as he caught the look on the Gryffindor’s face.

Ron winced seeming to realize his mistake. “Nothing’s gonna happen, it was only me being stupid,” he added.

Harry nodded but he wasn’t so sure, what if his godfather said that he had to live with him now? He wasn’t sure how he felt about that, no he knew at this point in time he didn’t want to give up living with his dad. He wanted to go back to his room and all his toys. He squirmed in place for a moment as he tried to think this through. He didn’t realize it but his bladder was trying to alert him that it was time to be emptied. All he could think about was being ‘stolen’ away from his home and he didn’t want that.

“Harry mate, you wanna go to the toilet?” Draco asked after a few minutes of non-stop fidgeting from the small boy.

“No I want my daddy,” Harry replied with a frown as he pulled his knees up to his chest in self comfort.

Draco gave Ron a dirty look, and he noted the other boy had the good sense to nod and make his own face at his mistake. Well at least he was owning up too it, why in the world had the boy asked. True, Draco had been curious as well, only he knew to ask his father when he got home not to directly ask Harry. That was stupidity at its finest.

“We will see him in a few hours, but in the mean time how bout visiting that loo?” Theodore stated casually.

“I don’t wanna,” Harry said softly as he buried his face into his knees. He wasn’t crying yet, he was just worrying himself to tears it seemed.

Hermione looked up from where she had been digging into her book bag for a book. She looked around the cabin at the boys before her eyes landed on her friend before she made eye contact with the Slytherins.

“Is no one else aware that he’s regressing?” She asked after a moment.

Draco rolled his eyes at the girl’s question. “We’re not stupid, we’re well aware of that,” he snapped out in irritation. Her stupid statements constantly pissed him off.

“Shut up Malfoy,” Ron replied automatically before he turned to look at Hermione. “What do you mean regressing?” He asked in confusion.

“Like emotionally he’s younger than us right now, it’s fascinating. I’ve never see this before, I’ve read about it,” Hermione said her eyes bright in her excitement.

Ron frowned before shaking his head, so that was the word for it. Malfoy had point; Hermione need not say everything she was thinking. “It’ll pass; he’s just trying to cope with what I’ve said,”

Theo sighed taking that moment to bend down so he was almost eye level to his friend on the floor. “Harry, look up buddy,” he said softly.

Harry sniffled as he looked up at his friend. “What?” He asked sadly as he wiggled in place.

“No one is taking you away from your daddy,” Theodore promised him.

“Yeah, Uncle Lucius would never let that happen. I know you think he doesn’t like you, but that’s just not true,” Draco promised him firmly.

“But Ron said that Sirius was supposed to be my guardian,” Harry mumbled out.

“And I was stupid; I need to get my facts together. No one is going to take you away from Snape, they would be stupid if they tried,” Ron said soothingly.

Harry gave a nod not sure if he truly believed it, but he had faith in Draco that his father would be able to make everything better. He had remembered that Uncle Lucius could buy the Minister off.

“Okay, now that’s settled, can we head to the toilet now Harry?” Theodore asked after a couple minutes had passed.

“I don’t gotta go,” Harry said with a pout.

Theodore gave the boy a look of disbelief before he shook his head. They had a lot of time, he knew it would only be a matter of moments before Harry changed his words and they just needed to be ready.

“Alright,” he said lightly.

Ron was about to say something when he saw the Slytherin’s look and sighed. “Oh yeah, let him figure it out himself,” he grumbled. He shook his head before he got out his Chess set, knowing that one of the Slytherins would be up for a match.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

To the surprise of his companions Harry didn’t get up to use the toilet, the entire time they were on the train. Theodore just shook his head, feeling that maybe they had indeed overreacted but he had been so sure he knew what Harry’s potty dance looked like. As the train pulled into Kings cross they all stood up and stretched making sure they had all their things before leaving out of the compartment.

As soon as Harry stood up, he had to forcibly will his body not to squirm. He had been stubborn at first when Theo had told him to go to the toilet, and then later he had just ignored his body. Now he was starting to regret not going but they were all getting off the train.

He wasn’t even the last one out of their compartment and he knew if he stopped he would hold up the kids behind him. Keeping mum on his situation he stated nothing as he followed his friends out of the train and onto the platform.

“I’m gonna go find my parents,” Hermione told them as she turned and headed into the crowd.

“Me too, but I’ll be back,” Theodore stated as he headed in the direction of where his parents usually picked him up.

“There’s no point in me moving, I know mum is by Uncle Severus,” Ron murmured out.

Draco turned to give the boy a look of disbelief. “What do you mean Uncle Severus? He’s not your Uncle,” he sputtered out.

Ron shrugged. “That’s what we call him, Harry calls my parents his Aunt and Uncle,” he told him truthfully.

“Oh my Merlin,” Draco moaned out as he stared at the Gryffindor in question.

“What’s wrong with you?” Ron asked curiously.

“Daddy is Draco’s godfather he calls him Uncle Severus too,” Harry giggled out before he suddenly crossed his legs tightly.

“I don’t know what his deal is, we’re all related somehow anyway,” Ron said with a shrug. Normally he would’ve reacted but this year forced him to see some things and people in different light. Besides he knew Harry liked Malfoy and he wouldn’t be stupid to say anything to jeopardize his own friendship.

“Shut up Weasely,” Draco stated weakly as he started to walk out.

“Draco; where are you going? You know my daddy is gonna be by Uncle Lucius too,” Harry pointed out. He suddenly couldn’t help himself and gave off a gasp as he had to drop his trunk and hold himself tightly.

“I’m just seeing if I…” Draco trailed off as he turned too look at Harry in concern only to frown as he saw what was happening. “You lied,” he muttered out. “You do you need to wee,” he added.

Ron was staring at Harry in horror, eyes flickering around to see if he could find the toilet but he couldn’t see much over the crowd of people. “Can you hold it Harry?”

“Not really, I’ve been holding it since forever,” Harry whined out.

“This is your own fault,” Draco said plainly before he sighed as he let go of his trunk to see if he could see their parents.

“I know,” Harry said softly, and he didn’t want to wet himself here so he hoped that something could be done soon.

“I see them,” Ron suddenly stated as he started waving his hands around.

“Mr. Malfoy, Uncle Severus over here!” He yelled out.

“Weasley quit yelling, have you no manners?” Draco asked incredulously.

“Harry can’t wait, so no at the moment I have no manners,” Ron said bluntly.

~*~*~*~*~*

Severus turned at the same time Lucius did to see who was calling their name. He hadn’t thought ahead of telling Harry where to meet so this was his own fault. He was grateful at first for the Weasley boy shouting out to him, but still feeling like he needed to speak with him later about how he didn’t always need to shout.

“Father, Uncle Severus,” Draco said formally when the men were close enough.

Harry had turned away from the men, not wanting to look at the disgust on his Uncle Lucius’s face. The last time he had seen the man, he had nearly burnt his fingers off trying to take off a necklace. The thing which had been sitting heavy on his neck since that day, he didn’t want to face the man at all. Especially not now; given his current predicament.

“Ronald, your mother figured you would be with Harry, so we will go and meet her together,” Severus said with a nod.

“Yeah, I know but Uncle Severus do you where the toilet is?” Ron blurted out, his eyes flicking back to his friend and the boy’s dad.

“I do, are you in need of the facility?” He asked quietly.

Lucius took that moment to finally speak up. “I believe Ronald is asking for Emery,” he said giving the child who hadn’t turned around a stern look. “You do know you are being extremely rude don’t you little one?”

Ron was about to say something only to freeze at the soft tone of the man. This he hadn’t heard before but apparently Draco had the blonde Slytherin boy wasn’t fazed.

“Sorry,” Harry said quietly, refusing still to turn around.

“Harry, do you need to pee?” Severus asked bluntly as he made the last few steps to his child.

“Yes, can we go to the loo?” Harry asked anxiously.

“We can, if you can turn around and face us that would be more respectful,” he added.

Harry sighed before he slowly faced the men. He was clutching the crotch of his pants for dear life but thankfully it was still dry. He couldn’t face either of them so he kept his gaze on their shoes.

“I will take him Severus,” Lucius said after a moment. He needed to clear the air with this little boy and he didn’t want whatever this was festering for much longer.

“Are you sure?” Severus asked skeptically, not because he was worried Lucius would hurt him but because of the fact that Harry wasn’t in his Emery persona.

“Well you have the potion for him, don’t you?” He asked, knowing they were all planning to go out into public.

“I do,” Severus said slowly.

“I will give it to him once we’re in the toilet, it will be fine,” Lucius promised as he held his hand out for the vial.

Severus gave a nod before quickly holding out the vial for the man to take before turning back to look at his child in question. “We’re going to talk later, you know better then to wait this long,” Severus told him firmly.

“It’s not his fault Professor,” Ron said weakly as he Lucius Malfoy boldly pick up his friend and disappear into the crowd. Was no one else worried that Harry might have just gotten kidnapped right then?

“It was Ron’s actually, he scared the pixies out of Harry earlier,” Draco chirped in.

“It was an honest mistake, I didn’t know,” Ron protested.

Severus sighed as he looked between the two boys. “What happened?”

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

“Keep your head down as much as you can,” Lucius told the child in his arms as he tried to quickly make his way through the crowd. He knew that at this rate he was looking at the child’s liquid ending up on both on them given the amount the child was squirming. He sighed before he exited the platform to land on the muggle side. He could see the toilets plain as day and quickly made his way to them.

Harry for his part knew better then to ask questions, and was perfectly fine to enjoy the ride to the bathrooms when he suddenly gave off a choked gasp as his bladder contracted hard.

“Oh,” he moaned out fretfully.

“We are almost there,” Lucius said quickly as quickened his fast pace even more.

“But I peed a little,” Harry told him shamefully.

“Nothing a little magic can’t fix,” Lucius told him as he shouldered the door of the toilet and hurried towards a stall. He chose the big one to give them both more room as he set the child on his feet and locked the door.

Harry bent over at the waist once he was set down, his bladder having reached its limit. He could do nothing as he stood not even a foot away from the toilet and completely soaked his khaki trousers.

“Nooo,” he wailed as he voice broke off into a choked sob. He had been so close too and he peed himself in front of the man who he was hoping to win back favor. He closed his eyes as the tears fell down his face, ignoring the heat rising to his face as the puddle around his feet expanded.

Lucius only gave off a sigh, as he took in the sight in front of him. The child looked small, and bit pathetic, wet in his own waste, but he felt some sympathy for the boy. He sighed as he uncorked the small vial and gently pressed it to the boy’s mouth.

“Drink this please,” he requested kindly.

Harry sniffled, unable to stop the tear as he felt something against his mouth. “Why?” He cried out sadly.

“So I can help you clean up,” Lucius replied honestly. He knew he would be more inclined to help the child if he didn’t look like the Potter he was. He knew it was something he obviously needed to work on but that was neither here or there.

Harry didn’t open his eyes as he drank the vial, the sweet taste of the potion making him wish there was just a bit more in it. He was used to the process so he didn’t even flinch as it took effect.

Lucius watched the child change from the Potter spawn back to the child he had loved and cherish that last summer. It was strange how strongly one could feel in regards to this small child. He shook his head and flicked his wand at the child cleaning up his clothes and his face before changing his clothes to something more suited for a child this age.

Harry for his part was currently hugging himself tightly trying to get some comfort. It had been a while since he had an accident like this, and he had forgotten how awful they made him feel. He wanted his daddy so much!

Lucius picked up the child a moment later, he could see the emotions flickering across the child’s face and he didn’t want the boy to start blaming himself.

“It’s okay little one, I’m not mad at you. Everything is going to be fine,” Lucius cooed softly.

“But you hate me,” Harry blubbered out.

“I do not, you father explained all this to me that day I saw you in the lavatory,” Lucius explain quietly.

“Oh, and you haven’t hated me at all?” Harry asked skeptically as he tried to calm down.

“No I have talked with both your father and your Aunt Cissa, I do not hate you. How could I?” Lucius said as he rubbed the boy’s back comfortedly.

Harry kept quiet on that, he knew how the man could hate him but if the man was working through it who was he to try to stop him. Besides he knew that it would of course benefit him in the long run it always did.

“Come on, we have somewhere to be,” the man stated in a kind tone as he walked out of the bathroom with his nephew.

*646*2015-08-30 20:36

{{:

Once again another great chapter! I am glad to see the story isn't completely over :) Looking forward to reading other chapters as they come!

}}

Thanks so much!

*648*2016-11-11 07:26

Hullo again, I don't have many RPS at the moment and when a good friend of mine asked for a piece from this universe I couldn't resist. I love this universe.Something to brighten up her day, and my day, especially given the dark times ahead of us after this election. Anywho, onto the story. It's more about Draco, because one upon a time she loved him.

SWS One Shot Part 2

Harry wasn’t ashamed to admit it that he was snuggling up to his Uncle Lucius, after that embarrassing ordeal regarding the man in the toilet and his accidents. His face flushed in humiliation just remembering the moment before he shook his head to focus on the conversation around him.

“Ronald, I just finished speaking with your mother and we both decided that it would be beneficial for you to have dinner with us tonight, and possibly spend a few weeks’ vacation with us as well,” Severus replied carefully.

His feelings towards the youngest Weasley male had changed rapidly that year, and all because of his son Harry. Ronald had shown a greater maturity then the Potion Professor ever thought possible, he had taken a very protective role when it came to Harry’s regression. Severus was under no illusions that it might even be considered a hardship for the boy, the Weasley child was a fierce protector, just look at Ginerva.

He knew that Ronald didn’t resent the new role, and he was sure that in fact the child loved it. Which is why Severus and Molly both decided that this summer it would be better not to mention easier if Ronald stayed with them for a few weeks. The child he knew tended to feel that he was forgotten and useless in such a large family, but when he was with Harry none of that mattered.

Severus himself could admit that the boy was indeed growing up, and with Draco and Theodore being protective of Harry as well, he knew his son wasn’t going to come to any harm when they were all around.

Ron himself was floored at his mate’s father and he turned to see what Harry thought about this, only to grin in amusement at the way his best mate was curled into Mr. Malfoy’s arms of all places. How didn’t his mate realize he had the blonde business man in the palm of his hands already. “I think that would be wonderful Professor,” Ron replied eagerly.

He had remembered that past winter when the man had taken them to a muggle snow lodge and how much fun he had there, he definitely enjoyed spending time with his mate outside of school. And he remembered how much Harry enjoyed himself and that pretty much sealed the deal.

“Great, I will let you know more tonight, we’ll all sit down and talk about the plans for the summer. If there is somewhere you wish to go, that would be the ideal time to let me know,” he told the boy.

“Yes sir,” Ron replied happily, his smile drooping slightly as he saw the look on Malfoy Junior’s face.

If there was ever a person that Ron was confused about this year, it would be Draco. He had seen how concerned the blonde boy had been for Harry that day in the toilet, not to mention how he hadn’t let Pettigrew escape that day. He knew the Slytherin wasn’t all bad, and at the moment he knew that the other boy was hurt. He had seen that expression too many times on his own face. He just didn’t know why.

Draco was standing by his Professor and father, listening to the conversation with a hint of jealously and a whole lot of hurt. He swallowed thickly but didn’t voice just what he thought and instead picked up his trunk and turned to his father.

“Did mother come with you father?” He asked stiffly, trying to hide how much hurt he was currently feeling at the moment.

Lucius and Severus both turned to look at the blonde child who was steadfastly looking away from them. “She’s by Theodore’s mother,” he said slowly. “Dragon, what is wrong?”

“Nothing Father, I just want to go home now,” Draco replied quickly before he turned to head over to his mum. He couldn’t stand here and pretend that he didn’t exist anymore. He never thought there would be a day when he would be jealous of Weasley but here it was, and he hated it.

“I wonder what got into him,” Severus said with a frown on his face as he watched his student go.

Harry poked his head up to look at his Slytherin friend go and he sighed. “He probably wants to come with us. I like playing with Draco,” he replied softly.

“He is coming out to dinner with us Harry,” Severus said as he picked up both Ron and Harry’s trunks before he shrunk them and pocketed them.

“No I meant in the summer too, we had a lot of fun last summer when he came over to play,” Harry giggled out before he wiggled in the man’s arms so he could stand on his own feet.

Severus exchanged a look with Lucius and frowned they hadn’t actually thought of that but now that Harry had pointed it out, it made so much sense. The child was jealous and probably hurt that he hadn’t invited him along with them. If he was being honest he didn’t even think the Slytherin would want to spend his summer with Ron and Harry but apparently he was wrong.

“We can discuss this over dinner,” Lucius said slowly as he set Harry on his feet and they made their way over to his wife and son.

The blonde aristocrat was trying to catch his son’s eyes but the boy was avoiding that for all it was worth and he sighed. Harry had clearly hit the nail on the head with his deduction.

“Lucius, Melinda and I have decided to spend a few weeks in France at the villa with some of the other girls. And we both agreed that it would make more sense for Theodore to spend the summer at the manor with you and Draco instead of Draco at Knott Manor,” Narcissa said slyly.

She knew her husband would be reading through the lines, Melinda Knott was trying to break away from her Death Eater husband, afraid that he was poisoning her son’s mind with all his bigotry. They would be in France trying to see which of their other pure-blooded friends were also in the same situation and see how they could help. She hoped that Lucius would take Draco and Theodore to spend some time with Harry and Severus. She had seen how much her son was changing and she knew it was for the better.

“I see, I assume we’ll be able to discuss this more later on tonight?” Lucius asked after a moment.

“Yes love,” Narcissa said softly before she turned to whisper to her friend.

Draco smiled softly then, knowing that he would be able to have a friend over for the whole summer too. He was still sad about not spending any time with Harry but this was okay too.

“Enough of that, let’s head to the restaurant,” Severus said as he pulled out a port-key and held it out.

“Daddy? Are we going to a muggle one or a magical one?” Harry asked curiously as he held onto both his father and the port-key.

“A magical one,” Severus replied as he made sure everyone was holding on before whispering the activation word.

Harry sighed as he picked himself up off the ground, dusting his robes off as he looked to see how everyone else fared. He frowned heavily when he saw that everyone else, even Ron had landed on their feet.

“How come nobody else fell down?” He pouted out.

“Because everyone else is used to it,” Ron replied quietly. “But you’ll get it eventually Harry, I promise,” he added hurriedly, knowing how sensitive the other boy could be.

The little Gryffindor accepted that before he turned to look at his father who he was still holding onto and he let go quickly, not wanting his friends to see. But unbeknownst to him they had already seen and was just choosing not to speak on it.

“Before we go in, I just want everyone to know that once we are in here, Harry’s name is Emery. Try not to forget that when you speak to him,” he said knowing there weren’t a lot of children named Harry in the Wizarding world for some reason.

“Professor, do you think it would be okay if we sat at a table of our own and the grown-ups sat at theirs?” Ron asked hopefully, looking at the other boys to see their own delighted expressions at his suggestion. He hoped the man said yes, because then he could see just what Malfoy and Knott were thinking. He could admit that the other two boys weren’t that bad.

“I don’t see why not,” Lucius answered before Severus could. He knew the man was overprotective when it came to Emery and he needed to discuss some things regarding their summer plans without the boy’s trying to listen in..

“As long as we are kind of close by right?” Emery asked quietly.

“Of course,” Draco replied quickly catching on what Weasley was doing.

“Then it’s settled then,” Severus said as they headed inside the restaurant and let their hostess know what was going on.

Harry giggled happily as he grabbed Ron’s hand to hold as they walked to their table. He was super excited for this summer, he would get to spend it with his best mate and he knew his daddy was going to have something fun for them to do.

Ron led the way to their booth, making sure Harry was in first as they sat facing the other two Slytherins. “How much do you want to bet that Malfoy’s dad and Emery’s dad decide to spend the summer together?” He said with a smirk.

“That is highly probable, unless I protest,” Draco said in a slow drawl. “Who says I even want to spend my summer with you weasel?” He added, trying to get a rise out of the other boy, he was still slightly upset over feeling left out earlier.

Harry and Theodore both frowned at the insult and both tensed at what Ron’s reaction might be. They were very surprised when the red-headed male just shrugged his head.

“If you’re incapable of speaking with me or about me without insulting me, then you definitely need to do a little bit more growing up Malfoy,” Ron said with a shake of his head before he turned to look at Harry who had a worried expression on his face. “I won’t fight,” he promised him with a slight smile.

“Good, we are gonna have the best summer ever,” Harry gushed out happily as he leaned into his friend before looking down at the table to see the children’s menu.

Draco frowned as Weasley hadn’t even risen to the bait and he sighed in annoyance before he turned to look at Theodore. “Was there anything you wanted to do this summer?” He asked his mate, trying to rid the awkward silence.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Over at the adult’s table, Lucius and Severus were efficiently hashing out just what they were planning to do. He knew he was forgetting one vital person when it came to the summer but he honestly didn’t think Black would fuss to much. They seemed to have reached an understanding of sorts, at least when it came to Harry and the child’s continuing happiness.

“Where were you planning on taking Ronald and Emery this summer?” Lucius asked quietly.

“There is a rare flower that only grows in the wilds of one of the states in America. I was hoping to meet up with some old colleagues of mine, to get see if I can procure some of it,” Severus admitted.

“So a trip to the colonies then, what were you planning to do with the boys then?” Lucius asked generally curious.

“I’ve been reading up since our last venture into the muggle world and I’ve found that over the summer, they have different kinds of camps for children to participate in. I was thinking of enrolling them into one,” he admitted.

“For how long?” The blonde man asked thoughtfully.

“A week or so, that’s how long the expedition will be. I could attempt to take them along but it might be dangerous and I don’t want to expose Emery to anything. Especially because trouble seems to find that child no matter where he goes,” Severus said with a sigh.

“That is true, if you wanted any adult company for when you get back I wouldn’t mind coming over to the manor with Draco and Theodore,” Lucius offered with a small smile.

“I will definitely be taking you up on that offer, especially because it seems that Draco and Ron are very capable of getting along despite the age old blood feud between their families,” Severus said with a smirk.

Lucius smiled ruefully before he smiled at his longtime friend. “ I honestly don’t even know how it started,”

Severus laughed in earnest before he picked up his menu to see what he might like to order.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

“Harry, what were you thinking of getting?” Ron asked curiously as he looked at the menu in front of him.

“Shepherds Pie sound’s really yummy,” Harry said before he stretched an arm out to catch another one of the snitches that were flying around their table cloth.

“If you catch a certain amount you can win a prize,” Draco said absently as he watched the younger male.

Harry and Ron both looked up then in surprise. “Like what?” Harry asked excitedly.

“I’m not sure, it depends on how many you end up getting,” Draco remarked.

“Have you ever won anything Draco?” Theodore asked when it became apparent the blonde child wasn’t going to answer of his own accord.

“I caught 5 once, and I ended up with a free dessert of my choice,” Draco said with a smirk. “I’ve never gotten past that, as after five they start speeding up even faster,” he warned them.

“I’m still gonna try it, I’m the youngest seeker in a century,” Harry boasted proudly before he focused on the tablecloth.

Ron chuckled as their waiter came by and he gave Harry’s order knowing that his mate was busy looking for the snitch.

Harry managed to catch 4 more before their food came and blocked his progress. He wasn’t mad and simply dug into his dinner with relish, looking back to make sure that his dad hadn’t left him.

“Harry do you think your dad will let me go home tonight?” Ron asked curiously.

“You don’t want to spend time with us?” Harry asked piteously as he bit into his dinner sadly.

“It’s not that, I want to bring my broom so we can go flying together,” he pointed out quietly.

“You have the broom my daddy bought for you last summer, he said you could take it home if you want. It was just easier to leave it at our house,” Harry said with a pout as he looked at his friend suspiciously.

Ron chuckled before he held his hands up in a universal gesture for giving up. “Relax Harry, I wasn’t suggesting anything I just forgot,” Ron said before he turned to focus on his food.

“Emery has gotten us all so whipped, it’s ridiculous,” Theodore said pointedly before he snickered.

“He really does, he’s just so lovable,” Draco said with a dramatic sigh as he shook his head and started on his food.

Harry was pretending not to hear them discussing him, but he couldn’t help the small smile that stayed on his face, nor could help from unconsciously preening at their words. He finished his food in record time, he had been really hungry since he had worried on the train over Sirius taking him from his father.

As it was he pushed his empty plate away and focused on catching snitches. Just like Draco had said, the golden balls had started to speed up. He had caught 8 so far, so he felt pretty accomplished. He still wanted to see how many he could catch before they had to leave though. He was so focused on his game that he honestly wasn’t paying any attention around him, or we would have been the first to notice that something wasn’t right with Draco.

Draco wasn’t sure how he was currently feeling in regards to Weasley, the boy was steadfastly ignoring him at the moment and he was feeling some kind of way. He wasn’t sure of the emotion and while it was confusing it wasn’t totally unwelcome. He glanced at the red-headed boy uncertainly before his eyes flicked over to the raven-haired boy next to him. Draco was wondering what was up with Harry at the moment.

He knew that the boy had used the toilet after getting off the train, but usually the child had a small bladder and would be due for another toilet break. Something which Draco had hoped to take advantage of. He was going to ‘tag’ alone when in actuality he would be making use of the facilities as well. As he currently stood, his lower body was sitting stiffly on the seat as he thought back to the last time he had relieved himself.

It was just before they got on the train and so many hours had passed and his abdomen was quite full up. Not to mention the pumpkin juice he had drank with his meal. He felt embarrassed for admitting he needed the toilet in front of the other boys. He wasn’t sure where he stood with Weaseley but he himself hadn’t forgotten that fateful day in the loo where he had denied Harry the toilet. What if the red-headed boy somehow prevented him from going? What if Theodore himself did? He gulped inaudibly before his resumed checking on the smaller Gryffindor.

“Emery, did you need to go to the toilet?” Draco asked in what he hoped was a casual voice as he kicked his legs back and forth underneath the table.

“No I’m fine, your daddy taked me already,” Harry replied his eyes not leaving the enchanted tablecloth. “I’m also at 10!” He said excitedly.

“That’s awesome Harry, I can’t wait to see what prize you get,” Ron said eagerly before he suddenly winced and turned to frown in the direction of the Slytherins.

“Which one of you kicked me?” He asked quietly.

Draco winced again, refusing to look at the boy. He hadn’t done it on purpose, his bladder has spasmed and his leg kicked out harder to keep from loosing any in his trousers. He knew he couldn’t very well say that and gave a quick look to Theodore who was looking at him in concern.

“It was me, sorry I was trying to stretch and my leg went a bit too far. I’m glad that I got you instead of Emery though,” Theo replied smoothly as he gave the other boy a significant look.

“That is true, he would definitely cry out and then the adults would be over here in an instant. And Snape is scary when he is mad at you,” Ron said with a shudder, his annoyance over getting kicked gone in seconds.

“You said it,” Theo agreed before he turned to look at his Slytherin friend. “Are you okay Draco? You’re bumping into me a lot,” he said slowly.

Draco gulped silently as he turned to look at Theo before he gave a weak nod. He turned his attention back to the tiny Gryffindor who was clear entranced with his game. “Emery are you sure you don’t need to go?” He asked, unable to keep the urgent tone out of his voice.

“I’m sure Draco, I don’t gotta go. Quit asking me that,” Harry huffed out, as he had gotten pretty good at recognizing his own body signals and he didn’t like someone else second guessing him, especially not his friends.

Ron was staring at the Slytherin boy with a little bit of confusion and a hint of disbelief before he casually looked under the table. From that vantage point he could see that the blonde boy had his legs tightly closed and was squirming in his seat. If he couldn’t tell right then, the hand at the other male’s crotch was a dead give away.

He didn’t understand why the boy didn’t just go, he could understand wanting to use Harry as an excuse but his mate didn’t even need to go at the moment. So honestly what was Malfoy waiting for? Was he scared of going alone? Never being one for getting embarrassed over that natural function especially growing up in the big family that he did, Ron nodded silently to himself before he started scooting out of the booth.

Harry looked up then, alerting the two Slytherins who had been having a silent stare off or something before he turned his attention to his mate. “Where are you going Ron?”

“To the loo, I need to empty,” Ron replied casually as he stood up and looked around for a moment. “Did anyone see the toilets when we came in?” He knew that it was an underhanded tactic but Draco having come here before on numerous occasions would probably be the one to answer him. This definitely worked in the other boy’s favor.

Draco could have kissed the red-headed boy, and started scooting out the seat even before Theodore could speak. “I do, I’ll show you where it is,” he said a little bit to eagerly but he couldn’t help it.

“Okay I’ll wait here with Harry then,” Theo replied slowly as he started to put some pieces together.

Draco ignoring the knowing glance from his fellow Slytherin as he finally got to his feet. Standing up had alerted his bladder that this position made it quite harder to hold on and he froze in place with a tight smile on his face. He didn’t want to lose it right here in front of everyone in the restaurant. Draco gulped softly, when he felt someone’s hand squeezing his shoulder, allowing him to focus on that for a moment rather then his impending situation.

“Come on,” Ron said the big brother in him coming out as he headed towards where they came in. He remembered seeing the ladies in the begin and he figured that the males would be right by it.

Severus did a double take when he saw the two pure-blooded males quickly walk by their table. He opened his table to ask where they both thought they were going when he felt someone hit his upper arm. He turned an appalled face to see who had the audacity to actually invade his personal face when he found himself face with Narcissa.

“They are going to the toilet, if you had of stopped them you would have delayed Draco. And I know for a fact that he would not have been able to stand here without disgracing and humiliating himself,” Narcissa said quietly so only he could hear.

Severus nodded, his eyes automatically flying to him. His child looked okay so he would just speak to the boys when they came back. He shook his head and turned to look at Lucius.

“I’m going to make sure everything is okay, I won’t let them see me,” Lucius said slowly. He had thought earlier that Severus had been joking but he had watched both of the children walk by their table with the Weaseley boy’s arm over his son’s shoulder. Draco hadn’t looked angry or disgusted at all so he needed to see what was going on. He hurried into the lobby area of the restaurant before he turned a disillusionment charm on himself before he headed into the men restroom.

~*~*~*~*~*~

Ron ushered the other boy into the toilet quickly, his arm coming off of him the minute they entered inside. “Go,” he urged the boy urgently. He didn’t want to deal with any accidents, they were traumatizing to the victim and he knew he couldn’t use magic to help the boy and he didn’t want to imagine confronting the boy’s father. That would be just awful.

Draco hurried over to the urinal quickly before he could think about his choice. He had himself unzipped, with his robes thrown hastily on the floor before he could think about it. He breathed a sign of relief as he noisily peed. He didn’t even feel threatened when Weaseley walked behind him and picked up his robe from the floor.

“Why did you wait so long?” Ron asked curiously as he held the other boy’s robe. The floor was not the place for it, and he didn’t want it to get dirty and the other boy in trouble. He didn’t know how the Malfoy’s disciplined but they were an old pure-blooded family too and he didn’t want Malfoy to be punished over something stupid. He glanced over suddenly to look at the door close, he didn’t think anything of it because he knew he had pushed the door wide open in his haste.

“I was asking Harry, but he didn’t need to go. I didn’t want to go alone, Emery told me of a story of a guy trying to hurt him in the toilet last summer when he went alone. I was scared and I didn’t want to ask my dad because I didn’t want you to make fun of me,” Draco said quietly in a moment of vulnerability.

Ron was running a hand through his hair and shaking his head in disbelief. “I wouldn’t do something like that. Creeps are everywhere, my brothers still take me to the toilet when we go out and I’m almost nearly 14 now, I’m not the strongest one out there. And I would rather be protected then hurt,” he admitted before he suddenly sighed. “I don’t hate you, just so you know,” he added.

Draco flushed and turned to look at the boy in disbelief as he zipped up his pants before he headed to the sink. “I find that hard to believe, I’ve constantly belittled you and made fun of you and I’ve been a great big prat to you,” he pointed out.

Ron nodded but shrugged in the same regard. “Yeah you have, but I’ve done things to you back. If you remember in first year, when you introduced yourself to Harry and I, I snorted at your name. That seemed to really set the whole thing off. I shouldn’t have done that, because the Wizarding World has so many strange names as it is,” he said with an uncomfortable shrug. “I know there is a blood-feud between our families, but I’m done with it, regarding you and me,”

Draco stared opened mouth at his peer as he dried his hands before he made his way to the other boy. “What are you saying?” He asked his throat suddenly dry as a desert. He couldn’t help think that there was an ulterior motive the boy was playing at but he knew this boy was Gryffindor through and through, just like Harry.

“I don’t want to fight with you anymore. If Harry can let everything aside and be with Snape, then I can let this feud and this prejudice that we have with our families go. I’m going to be apart of Harry’s life and I know you will be too, and he’s going to get tired of us fighting. He grew up with abusive relatives, I don’t ever want him to compare us to them. I don’t ever want him to have to choose between you or me. He doesn’t deserve that, he deserves some semblance of happiness. We can give him this,” Ron said firmly.

“You don’t know what you’re saying,” Draco said weakly, as he glanced around hoping his father would appear. How was he supposed to handle this.

Ron swallowed thickly as he pulled out his wand and held it in front of him with his two hands. “I do know what I’m doing. I Ronald Bilius Weaseley, do so swear to end this blood feud between House Weaseley and House Malfoy on this day, so mote it be. Harry deserves the best of us,” he finished out, watching as his wand lit up as it registered the oath.

Draco shakily took out his wand, his father wasn’t here to save him. Though he didn’t honestly think he needed to be saved at the moment. He took a deep breath and swallowed thickly. “I Draconis Lucius Malfoy, do so swear to end this blood-feud between House Malfoy and House Weaseley on this day, so mote it be,” he intoned out formally.

Ron watched impassively but inside his heart was beating wildly as their oaths registered. He could actually feel a small weight lifting off his shoulders at the other boy’s words. “I accept,” he intoned out.

“I accept,” Draco replied formally, watching blankly as a white light flashed around them before it suddenly vanished. He put his wand away slowly as he stared wide eyed at the other boy.

“Do you feel different?” Ron asked as he handed the robe to the other boy.

“A little bit, I feel a bit lighter then before,” Draco admitted as he pulled his robe back on, looking at the Gryffindor with uncertainty. What did this mean for them now?

“Then it worked,” Ron said happily before he reached forward to engulf the other male into a hug. That was how things worked in his family.

Under the disillusionment charm Lucius slipped out of the toilet, canceling the charm before he made his way back to the table. Like Draco had said he felt as if something that had weighed him down was gone. The boys didn’t realize how huge breaking the feud was, but he was glad that it was gone. He would need to talk to Severus to discuss what had happened. He wondered how the other Weaseleys were dealing with it.

