An Interruption

Author: inkpawed

*000*2013-09-23 19:04

I wrote a thing!

Why furry? I just felt like it. And there's so little of this stuff out there, I'm so much more likely to make someone's day with it than if it was just another oridinary thing. I hope you don't mind.

I decided not to give my characters names or detailed descriptions, and I think it worked out well, although it did lead to some slightly awkward phrasing I didn't know how to resolve.

I did my best, but no miracles happened - I'm not an experienced or trained writer (this is actually the first story I've written in years that wasn't an assignment) and if that wasn't enough, English is my second language.

Anyway, enjoy! And leave comments about anything you liked, didn't like, or whatever else you want!

Contains straight sexual content.

###

The alarm went off again. I poured myself a glass of water, gulped it down, and reset the timer for another ten minutes.

I'd been doing this for two hours, and my bladder was bursting at the seams.

My bushy white tail was twitching incessantly, twisting itself around the base of my chair, beyond my control. My toes were curling up and relaxing rhythmically, my thighs squeezing and rubbing against each other, my pelvis grinding. A few times a minute, I would switch position between leaning forward, supporting myself on the desk, and leaning back in a relaxed posture, trying constantly to relieve at least a little pressure from the large, heavy and very tender ball in my abdomen.

It wasn't working. The urge was now a constant, powerful surge of sensation emanating from my abdomen and lower regions, my body willing me to urinate, a forceful command now more than a reminder. Stopping myself from letting go was at this point like forcing myself not to pull a hand away from a fire, requiring constant effort and distraction to keep up. I was squirming and shifting, rubbing my hands all over myself and over the slight bulge of my bladder, noticably hard even through a layer of soft white fur.

The need was doing wonders for me. I was panting with arousal, my panties damp even though I was sure I hadn't leaked yet. Looking in the mirror I had set on my desk, I could see the perfect image of desire in my foxy face, with dishevelled hair, wide open eyes and dilated pupils, and exposed skin on my ears flushed pink. My blush was so intense I could see a trace of it on my cheeks, though the white, semitransparent fur. I was yearning desperately to cram both my paws between my legs, and not with holding my pee in mind, but even the slight stimulation I was getting from grinding around was enough to send me near the edge, and I didn't want to end the experience yet. My control started slipping, and my claws gently brushed against the wet fabric and damp intimate fur, sending bolts of pleasure mixed with pain thorough--

Doorbell.

I yanked my hand out, swaring profusely. I didn't need this. I briefly considered ignoring it, but then I thought I would deal with it quickly rather than listen to someone pound on my door for fifteen minutes. With greatest care, I stood up and straghtened out, trembling from the sharp stabs of pain and need it caused. There was a mirror in the front hall, and I scowled at my appearance: apart from obviosuly radiating horniness and standing awkwardly bent forward, I was also rather minimally dressed, in shorts, a blouse, and nothing else. My nipples were poking out and tufts of fur were sticking out over my waistband in a way that would trigger a violent assault with a brush if my mother ever saw it. Oh well. They can deal with it if they walk in on people like this.

I did my best to compose myself and opened the door, expecting to sign another housing paper or receive another notification about whatever from the board, but got a surprise.

'Surprise', he said, pulling me into a hug. I tried not to get my bladder squashed.

'You kept bugging me to make this cake and then never turned up to have it', he said with a grin, 'so I thought I would turn up with it.'

He stepped in, and I got a look at him. He was my best friend, occasionally my best kissing friend, and the one person I wouldn't mind barging in on me like this... at least if I weren't about to piss myself. He was a bit taller than me, fine-looking if not really athletic, and in very classic and very pleasing browns, blacks and whites. I got a funny look as he walked by, probably thinking he interrupted me in the middle of a masturbation session. He wasn't wrong, in a way, and I didn't mind.

I stared at the bathroom door. Every logical bone in my body was screaming at me to be sane, excuse myself and empty my bladder, now screaming for mercy. But my arousal-soaked, hormone-infused body had very few logical bones left in it, and I grit my teeth, squeezed my holding muscles and followed him into the kitchen.

Just sitting down was an amazing relief, taking pressure off and letting me squirm about under the table, but I was still in an absolutely desperate situation. The rock-hard lump of my bladder was now stretching out the waistband of my shorts and sending pangs of honest-to-god pain. I felt like I was being stabbed with a needle every few seconds. The other urge wasn't going away, either, and I had to intently focus on the cake to stop myself from attempting to tear clothes off my friend.

I managed to compliment the cake and keep up a semblance of small talk, but his increasingly amused smile told me I wasn't fooling anybody. He must have been thinking I was rubbing myself off under the table and finding it hilarious. I couldn't blame him, really; I was sitting on my tail, rocking back and forth with my paws obviously in my crotch and my whole body oozing lust. I felt a powerful spasm, my entire belly contracting, a spurt jetting into my panties. I let out a little yelp; he shook his head in incredulity.

The water alarm went off. I mumbled something about a phone and hobbled out of the kitchen. Once in the hall, I doubled over, crossed my legs and jammed my figers between them, pushing with all my strength. The urge was terryfingly powerful now, a roar threatening to take over all my senses, compounded by constant pangs of sharp pain. I trembled with the effort to hold my bladder. I was in absolute heaven, and everything about the situation, even my best friend thinking I was getting off right next to him, was turning me on even more.

I silenced the alarm and shuffled back, going right past the bathroom door. I could go in, I could just go in and piss, but I was too far gone to act with any sense, only satysfying my desires counted right now. And, incredibly, my bladder wasn't having the top prority.

I half-hobbled, half-ran into the kitchen, pulled him out of his chair, and completely ignoring his alarmed expression, latched our muzzles in a savage kiss. His erection stabbed me right in the bladder, causing me to spurt, to yelp, and to break off.

'Bed', I blurted, short of breath.

'You sure?', he asked. We'd made out before, but we never went further than that. I had my reasons, and he respected them enough to ask at such a sudden change of mind. He wasn't going to resist, though, I could see and hear and feel that my antics had done a good job of turning him on.

'Yes. Oh fuck, yes. Shut up, go.'

Few seconds later, I was on the bed, on my back, my tail smacking around wildly; I was losing my clothes and my mind. I couldn't quite make out what was happening through the dense haze of urge, lust, arousal and pain, but there were hands and lips all over my neck, my arms, my chest, ruffling the fur over the solid bulge of my distended bladder, and then he burst out laughing.

'Oh god, I get it now. You're the kinkiest bitch.'

I could only respond with a feral wail, and then his hands reached between my legs, and I couldn't think any more, and then he went in and I went up, I lost the perception of time and I cried, I laughed, I felt the unbelievable pressure and urge and pleasure and pain all fusing and feeding off each other and reinforcing each other, I felt him crushing my bladder and filling me, and I gripped him tight with everything I had and moved with him, and I let loose a spurt, then another, and then all the muscles contracted at once and I was completely wetting myself all over him during what was so much more than an orgasm, riding a titanic wave of release of more than one kind.

I came crashing down like a meteor, and my swimming head slowly became aware of a sound. We were both a mess of soaked fur, huddled together, and he was laughing softly with his muzzle in my neck fur.

'You, oh my. You're completely crazy, you know that? Fucking insane. I love it. I love you.' he said softly and kissed me.

'Come on, let me clean up this mess.'

*002*2013-09-24 11:11

I made a point of keeping the furry thing just a bit of extra flavor that shouldn't get in anyone's way.

*004*2013-09-27 01:37

Thank you very much!

I actually wrote this largely because of how much I liked your stories.

I don't think I came within a mile of matching the quality, nor had I expected to, but it was a decent try.

*006*2013-09-27 20:24

Hey, thanks. You're right about the climax (heh, climax). I had a lot of trouble writing it, so I decided to keep it simple. Just like a lot of other things in this story, actually - you will notice that I kept the characters extremely simple and descriptions practically absent, because I don't know how to do these things. I achieve acceptable results despite marginal comptenece by heavily restricting myself in areas where I feel I won't do well. I hope to gradually relax these restrictions as I become more comfortable with what I can and cannot do.

I might write again, but if I do it will likely be something very different - this is THE omo story that has been sitting in my head for a while, and I'm not interested in doing the same thing from a slightly different angle. Although it doesn't hold up to that, so I expect I will try to rewrite it at some point, possibly significantly.

*010*2013-10-08 23:53

Oh my. Eleven hundred views. Now I have no choice but to write an another one, do I?

Hang tight; I GOT THIS.

*012*2013-10-12 15:18

For viewers in the future, link to the next story.

