Lauren is Leaky
	(Desperation-Induced Incontinence!)
Author: Quackduck

*000*2022-06-28 20:28

Lauren had a rough camping trip.

The Drive

Includes: Desperation, heavy leaking, toilet denial

It was well-known among her friend group that she was unusually prone to bathroom emergencies, though she’d never had an accident in front of them. So when she was begging them to pull over, they weren’t very hasty to take care of it.

“Please, I’m about to pee myself,” she pleaded, holding her crotch and scooting in the seat.

“You always say that!” said Natalia, the driver.

She hesitated, squirming and squeezing herself. “So what?”

“I think you’re just being dramatic.”

“I’m not! I have to pee really really bad!”

They continued to ignore her for a long time. She was telling the truth. Her bladder was so full it was starting to hurt.

“I really have to gooo…” she whined, crossing her legs tightly and rocking back and forth. They hit a pot hole, causing liquid to crash against the stretched-thin walls of her bladder. “Ohhh…” she groaned, sticking her hand between her legs.

“Chill, dude,” Natalia said, making the other girls laugh. Lauren’s cheeks burned with embarrassment.

“Please pull overrr…” she begged.

“We only have like thirty minutes left! We’re like, about to be there.”

“I won’t make it! Ahh, I can’t hold it…” she pulled the waistband of her basketball shorts away from her swollen belly.

“Do you really need us to pull over again?” Janine asked from the passenger seat.

“Yessss,” Lauren whined, holding herself and jiggling her legs. “I’m sorry.”

Natalia sighed. “Hold on,” she said, taking an exit.

“Mmmph!” she groaned, writhing around on the seat. She winced in discomfort, punching her leg in frustration.

“Okay hurry,” she said as she pulled into a parking lot. Lauren leapt out of the car and ran shamelessly into the building.

“Where’s your bathroom?” she asked frantically, holding herself and dancing around.

“It’s on the side of the building,” the guy replied, giving her a weird look. She ran outside, peeing a little as she pushed the door open. She whimpered, gripping her crotch as she ran, but the movement was badly jostling her screaming bladder.

It started to come out as she approached the door, fast enough to leak down her leg as she got there. She was full-on pissing during the desperate sprint to the toilet. Without even shutting the door, she yanked her shorts down and was powerfully urinating before she even sat down, splattering a bit onto the ground and the seat. “Ooh, fuck,” she muttered, examining her ruined panties as urine jetted into the toilet water and splattered loudly in the bowl. She pulled them off after her stream stopped and threw them away. She wiped her legs and her pussy and pulled her shorts back on, fully commando.

*002*2022-07-07 22:03

First Day

Includes: Nudity, intentional wetting, extreme desperation, genuine accident, humiliation

When they got to the grounds, they met a number of Natalia’s family members. They owned the campsite. It was a fifteen minute walk from the house at which they parked to where they were actually going to camp.

“But we’re not gonna go there yet,” Natalia told them. “We’re gonna check out the lake.”

They went into a spare bedroom to change. Lauren waited for somebody else to strip before she did. They all changed their tops under their shirt then pulled their shirts off. Then Janine pulled her jeans and panties down, exposing a carefully shaped patch of pubes that matched her red, curly hair. Lauren pulled her shorts down, too. She was cleanly shaven down there.

“Lauren?” Janine said.

“Yeah?” she replied, pulling her bottoms on.

“You didn’t wear any underwear here?”

Lauren’s face burned red. She had no words. Natalia cackled.

“Damn, Lauren! Okay! I see you,” Natalia said, pulling her sweatpants down to reveal a messy black bush. “I didn’t either.”

She laughed out of surprise, feeling a little better. They grabbed towels and made the trek to the lake. By this point, Lauren already had to pee a little bit again. “Where do we go to the bathroom around here?” she asked.

“It’s too public to be going behind bushes, unfortunately,” Natalia replied, pulling out a wedgie. “My grandma is letting us go in the house until we have our tent set up, but she does NOT want us going in and out using her bathrooms the whole time we’re here. Seriously. She got pissed about it one year.”

“So are there, like, porta-potties?” Janine asked.

“There are porta-potties like ten minutes away from the house, where most people park to camp here. Use those when you gotta go #2. Otherwise… that’s kind of why I brought you guys here first.”

Janine laughed.

“I don’t get it,” Lauren said as they got to the side of the lake, dropping their things at their feet. This time, both of the girls laughed.

“Oh, Lauren,” Natalia said as she stepped into the water to just below knee height. First, she heard the trickling. Then she noticed the yellow liquid streaming down her friend’s leg. That’s when her stream picked up, started hissing, and came out with enough strength to let a visible jet trickle out of the crotch of her bikini.

“Oh my god, that’s disgusting!” Lauren laughed, looking away.

“I gotta go, but I’m gonna go over here,” Janine said, wading into the water and swimming away from Natalia, who went in deeper.

“I think I’ll wait for a porta-potty,” she said, getting into the water away from both of them.

“What?” Natalia chuckled. “Seriously? It’s a lake.”

“I’m scared the smell stays on the fabric or something, I don’t know,” she reasoned.

“I feel like peeing in a lake is less gross than using a porta-potty,” Janine said.

“It is.”

Lauren disagreed. She held it the entire two hours they stayed at the lake, growing increasingly desperate the longer they stayed. By the time she started genuinely weighing the pros and cons of pissing in her bikini, her friends were talking about getting out, and they started walking to the campsite.

Lauren’s bladder was full enough to protest every jostling footstep on the walk over there. She played with the waistband of her swimsuit, though it wasn’t really digging into her too badly. She just really had to go, and her swollen little pee baby was sensitive to the touch.

“Hey, my uncle dropped the tent off for us!” Natalia said when they got to a plot of land with a few tents and RV’s scattered around, pointing to a cylindrical bag leaning against a tree.

Lauren wasn’t thinking about that. She was thinking about her urge to urinate, which was hard to ignore. “Where are those porta-potties?” she asked.

“Uhh, a parking lot about a million miles that way.”

Lauren’s heart dropped. “You said it was ten minutes away from the house,” she said. “The campsite is fifteen minutes. That means it’s five…”

“In the other direction, dummy!” Natalia clarified. “It’s twenty five minutes away now. You wanna walk all the way over there?”

Lauren winced and pressed her legs together, struggling to hide how badly she needed to pee. Her nervousness and embarrassment was making it worse. “Can’t we go to the house?” she asked, her voice sounding strained.

“You gotta poop that bad?” Janine asked.

“No!” she couldn’t keep from squirming. Her legs were jiggling and she was jerking her hips around. Her secret was out in the open.

“Aw, dude, you seriously held it the whole time we were in the water?”

“Let’s just set up the tent and get her somewhere after,” Natalia sounded annoyed. The two unbagged the tent while Lauren paced around them nervously, sometimes stopping to squirm. They had her hold an end of the tent while they laid it out flat. It was difficult to keep her hands away from her crotch; she was gyrating her hips and marching in place, rubbing her thighs together and bobbing up and down constantly. She also pulled a pole through, taking a frustratingly long time to get it through the fitting while she was busting to pee. She couldn’t keep still and her hands were shaking.

The last thing they asked her to help with was the stakes. She was given three and successfully shoved one of them in while holding herself. With the effort to push in the second one, a bit of pee leaked into her swimsuit. She gasped and jolted her butt back, dropping the other stake to hold herself with both hands. Her urethra twitched, her bladder contracted. She had to pee so bad she was sweating. Janine picked up the stake she dropped and did it herself.

“Okay,” Natalia clapped her hands. “We got a tent, guys.”

“Can we pleaseee go potty?” Lauren begged, hopping from foot to foot.

Her friend looked around. “Honestly, there might actually be enough trees around to…”

“No!” she squealed as she crossed her legs, wedged her hands between her squished thighs and bent over. She lowered her voice, embarrassed. “I can’t do that! Please, I just want to use a toilet. As soon as I know the way I can go on my own and I won’t make you guys come with, just… I really have to go…”

“Alright, let’s go back to the lake…”

Lauren burned with frustration. “Just once! Take me to the porta-potties one time, and it’ll be the last time I make you guys go with me!”

“But it’s so far away! If you just have to pee, it’s not worth it.”

She winced and stood back up, dancing around and shaking her hands at her sides. It was so difficult to keep her hands away from her crotch. “W-what about all these people with golf carts? Do you know anyone with a golf cart, so it wouldn’t- ohh… S-so…” she trailed off as a wave of urgency washed over her, her tight, swollen bladder contracting and pressing down on her urethra. “Hnngh-“ She squirmed and rubbed her thighs together, balling her hands into fists, forcing herself not to squeeze her vagina. She winced, then stuttered as she continued: “S-so it wouldn’t be so f-far?”

“I mean, I kind of know this dude Alex…”

“Please! I-I can’t hold it…”

. . .

The ride was egregiously bumpy. As tight as she held on, trying desperately not to move around too much, she was constantly being violently jostled by the uneven soil. The massive amount of urine sloshed around inside her, an agonizingly intense feeling of urinary urgency radiated through it. She grimaced miserably, hiding her face from Janine sitting next to her. Lauren was dying.

“Is it a long ride over there?” Janine asked, evidently noticing her friend’s turmoil.

“Nah, not at all,” Alex replied. “Five minutes, maybe.”

They hit a particularly big bump. Lauren dribbled when it happened. She immediately winced and crossed her legs tightly, pressing her fingers into her crotch. She could feel the shape of her direly overfull bladder, the walls of which stretched dangerously to encompass a massive amount of urine, pressing up against her other organs and forming a hard, round bulge sticking out of her belly.

The golf cart jolted violently two consecutive times as the tires collided with the abrupt 4 inch drop-off of the edge of the road. Lauren gasped in surprise on the first one, pain shooting through her tortured organ. On the second one, a squirt of piss shot out of her and continued for about two seconds as she writhed and scooted, squeezing and whimpering. Her bikini bottoms were now soaked at the crotch and a little on the butt. She could feel some urine on her hand, and on the seat under her thighs. She dragged her butt back and forth on the seat, grabbing and rubbing her crotch with the hand that wasn’t cradling her bulging belly. She was in so much discomfort she could hardly take it.

With another two heavy thuds, they had pulled off of the road and onto a significantly bumpier path of rocks leading up to the parking lot. Lauren couldn’t help but yelp as a hard jet of piss squirted into her bikini bottoms, against the palms of her squeezing hands. By the time she managed to stop it, she was sitting in a puddle of her own urine. It leaked down her legs and dripped off of her feet, like the tears running down her cheeks. She was constantly writhing, jerking her trembling legs around. Her whole body was shaking like a leaf, not just because the poor girl was being jostled around so badly.

“Get ready to run,” Natalia called to her as they approached the parking lot, porta potties sitting alluringly along the side of it.

Lauren started slowly leaking as they pulled up to them. “Hnngh-“ she whined, holding her breath, gripping her vagina tightly, unable to stop it. Before the golf cart had even stopped, she leapt off the back and sprinted to the toilets, urine slowly seeping out of her, fluctuating in strength with every step. She had tunnel vision. There was nothing else besides her and that toilet ahead of her. One hand squeezing her crotch, she yanked the door…

Locked. Occupied. “N-no…!” she whined, trying the other ones. That was when she noticed the small line of five or so people standing there waiting for one of them to open, looking at her like she had three heads. She held herself and doubled over, trying to hide the fact that she was slowly urinating on herself. Hot piss was leaking down her legs, and as the stream picked up against her will, it trickled to her feet and pooled on the ground. “Nnnh- Nooo…” she whined, glancing shamefully up at the golf cart full of her shocked friends, then at the group of strangers. All eyes were on her. Her face was a deep shade of red.

Lauren ran behind the porta potties and squatted, releasing her tired muscles and voiding her bladder completely into her bikini bottoms. The hot liquid pooled against her butt. She cried into her arms from feeling so humiliated. Her stream went on forever. When she was finally relieved, she had to force herself to go back out there. She couldn’t look at anyone as she sat back down on the back of the golf cart.

“Your seat…” she heard Natalia say quietly.

“It’s fine. Don’t worry about it.” Alex replied.

