Hermione’s Desperate Day: A Harry Potter FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-10-27 12:57

Hermione lay in her bed and she desperately needed to pee but she was sleeping and in her mind she needed her to stop thinking of peeing because she would have an accident. But it failed her mind did go back to thinking of peeing, her dream was when she was in her first year she probably had the most humiliating thing happen to her and it was that she pees herself while getting sorted into Gryffindor by the sorting hat. She woke up and her bed was soaked she got out of the bed and used her spell to hide the fact that she wet the bed and went to the bathroom to clean herself. Her pjs pants was wet she had a large dot in the middle and it was her first time peeing in her pjs at Hogwarts, it wasn’t really but she would not count year 2’s bed wetting because of reasons.

She used her spell again to get her stain to disappear from her pants and luckily she wore no panties under that. She used wingardium leviosa to bring her red panties and Gryffindor robes to her. She got out of the toilets to find Ginny awake with no pjs even on her luckily the other girls were sleeping because Hermione didn’t think the girls wanted to see Ginny completely naked. She whispered to her that she wet the bed and Ginny said so too and they went to find Harry and Ron they were awake with all the other Gryffindor boys and walked to the Great Hall.

When arriving she and the others choose where to set and Hermione was next to Ginny. She drank a large orange juice and that already made her desperate for a wee but tried not to let go and she couldn’t just let it go under the table. Dumbledore spoke about the welcoming of year 3, new year 1’s and teachers. He talked about dementors or something like that because all Hermione was trying to do was to hold her pee in and watched all the new year 1’s getting sorted in their houses and she remembered her embarrassing accident she had then. Hagrid was a teacher now and she looked forward for that to happen.

She had Divination first and then Hagrid so she hopped that she could hold it all the way and go after Divination. Professor Trelawney was talking about this cups that can see things, she never like Divination at all as Trelawney sounded boring and not enjoyable like other subjects. She put her hand up to signal Professor meaning for her lavatory needs. Professor saw Hermione and said “yes.”

Hermione said “Professor can I please go to the toilet?” And Professor said “No, you may not go!” Hermione look so awestruck as it was the first female teacher to ever say no to a 14 year old girl who desperately needs to pee and within a few minutes she couldn’t hold it any longer. All the students must now work in pairs to do the work, Hermione is with Harry and Ron. Hermione keeps sticking her hand under the desk to grab her croch and then it exploded she started peeing herself her violent stream started as it kept going and then when it finished Hermione started crying. Harry and Ron did not like Professor Trelawney because of what had happened to their friend.

Now it was time for Hagrid even know she was still recovering from before.

To be continued...

*002*2018-11-03 11:15

She walks over to Hagrid’s with her books hiding the embarrassing fact that she peed herself. She walked there with Harry and Ron, just then Malfoy is making his way there too as he stops and decided to play a prank on Hermione he quickly went behind a bush and pulled out his wand. He said a spell that Hermione would not like, Hermione could feel the spell it was a peeing spell she could already feel full and she could not keep it a secret so she told Harry and Ron before it comes out. Harry has a strange feeling that his friend does not have an annoying bladder that needs to pee all the time. Just then it hit her Draco kept putting force on the spell controlling the bladder rate that it could hold. It came out her hot pee came out and soaking the tiles on the floor. They made it to Hagrid’s and she knew her day will be bad

(Sorry for the short chapter, as the next omorashi will be more exciting than this. I did this to create hype for the sequel.)

To Be Continued...

*005*2019-03-02 21:03

Hermione, Harry and Ron made it Hagrid’s but then Hermione just told Harry and Ron to go to Hagrid while she checks something else. Hermione secretly walked to the forbidden forest and she pulled her skirt down to reveal her wet panties they were soaked badly, she got out her wand to do the spell and when done she had an idea. To get her bladder bigger at St Mungo’s but that was far from here unless she found a book on how to sexual spells.

Hermione ran back to Hagrid’s class, she was late she lied and said “I went to bathroom and didn’t realise the time.” Hagid nodded and then they began, Hagrid started talking about what he’s going to teach us on and then Hermione started needing the toilet. In her head she thought that was not her but Draco again, but it wasn’t so it must then be me. It was Hermione and she needed to poo she hopped she could hold it in and nothing embarrassing happens in the library.

What would her friend who is one year under her Ginny do? That was the question in Hermione’s head now and she had to go she let all that go and focus on the class.

To Be Continued...

