Two stories gone missing?

Author: Matias

*000*2025-03-05 05:43

Sorry to drop another “searching for a story” but I cannot find two of my former favourites anymore.

The first one is the one about Luna and her friend Rosie? I think at least that was their names. They are two girls in the end of highschool (so they are older than 18) and Luna is slowly discovering her interest for omorashi. Several chapters.

Where did this story go? Did anyone save it and may post me a PM?

The second story I realise is gone is the one about the class or group of friends that are on a cruise ship where they test some medicine or whatever it was, that makes them lose there bladder control. It’s a big experiment where bathrooms gets locked from time to time and many people on the boat just wet them self in different situations.

Both of the stories have disappeared. I know I have posted in both of them but can’t find my own posts. Has there been a cleanup or did both of them just disappear?

*009*2025-03-23 07:34

A solution for the original posters is to just put the stories through an AI with instructions to keep the story exactly as it was with only adjusting al ages to be above 18. I can’t recall if the stories above actually was including persons below 18 and if that is the case I agree with the policy.

So a little effort from the authors and the stories can be published again to enrich this forum with a wider spread of plots.

The stories that I miss all is in the embarrassment/holding space and to as “hardcore deliberate wetting” as the one left. Probably the more innocent stories are with characters that are younger.

*020*2025-03-31 09:03

{{3 hours ago, TheDudeAbides said:

On the subject of missing stories, does anyone remember one about a girl who made fun of her brother for wetting himself before having her own accident in front of a boy she liked because she couldn't get her roller skates off in time? I can't seem to find it anywhere and I remember liking it a lot. It's a real shame when these things disappear, it's taught me a lot about preservation of online content.

}}

That sounds like a story i verk much would like to read. If you find it please send me a DM

$

$

