Sailor Scouts' Picture Day

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-03-06 03:32

Chibiusa sighed as she looked at her dress. She was clearly in bliss by staring at it. She already had her yellow lacy blouse on and her white knee-socks. She forced her body into the too-tight dress. The yellow bow hung loosely on the pink grahnm dress. Usagi danced in, looking like a fine lady. Her light pink dress went down to her feet, hiding her glass shoes. Her bow was white to match the trim on her collar. She stooped down to tie Chibiusa's bow. She twisted her daughter's hair around until it formed her pink pigtails, then Usagi moved to admire her work. Chibiusa breathed at Usagi's dress.

"You look like a princess!" Usagi smiled. She dug around under her bed and pulled out a pair of black leather boots with heels. Chibiusa gasped. "Usagi-chan! Where did you get those?!" Usagi shushed her. "Just don't tell mama, okay?" Chibiusa nodded. She hiked her dress up and zipped the boots up, giving Usagi a breif view of her white panties with a pink bunny pattern. "I'm ready!" Chibiusa called, smoothing her dress.

A couple of the girls were already there. "Usagi-chan!" They called. "Ami-chan! Mako-chan! Rei-chan! Minako-chan!" Usagi called. Her friends looked as fine and fancy as her. Ami was dressed in a light blue dress with a cream bow on the collar and matching straps. She was wearing white gloves that stopped at her elbow and a white choker. She was holding a snoozing Luna. Rei was wearing a blazing red dress that matched her fire attacks. Her necklace and shoes were a chilling blood-red. Makoto was wearing a green dress with navy blue that stopped at her knees, reavling her green heels. She had on gloves simluar to Ami's, and her bow was a light pink. Minako was dressed in an orange dress the same lenth as Makoto's with a pink lacy trim. Her pink bra straps were visable underneth the dress. She held a struggling Artemis.

"Usagi-chan! You look like royalty!" Rei noticed. Usagi ran her hands down her dress, smoothing the creases. "Thanks." She blushed. Minako pushed the posing chair aside. "I hope the other girls get here soon. It's been a while since I've been to the bathroom, and once I put this dress on, I didn't feel like taking it off again!" She bounced to show Usagi her need. Ami sighed. "You mean you haven't gone to the bathroom in 2 hours?" Minako shook her head. "2 and a half." Chibiusa gasped. "That's impressive!"

She sat on the posing chair with her ankles crossed. "Chibiusa-chan!" Hotaru came running up to see her friend. Hotaru was dressed in a cranberry gown with purple trim on the sleeves, white tights, and bright pink shoes. While hugging Chibiusa, she crossed her legs really quick. "Hey! I heard Mamoru-san is coming to pose with us!" Rei said matter-of-factly. Usagi's eyes lit up. "Really?! My Mamo-chan?!" She twirled around the studio and broke one of her glass heels, falling flat on her face in front of Michiru. "Here, I'll help you up." Michiru put her hand in front of Usagi and helped her up.

Usagi fell into her arms because she couldn't walk with a broken heel. Minako had her hand in her crotch and was squirming, but people were too busy to notice. "Usagi-chan? What's wrong?" Sutsana asked. She was dressed in a black lacy gown that flowed and glided with her movements. Her tights and shoes were both ink black which made her look like a high-end lady.

"Where's Haruka-san?" Usagi asked. She tried walking, but immdetialy fell down. Michiru giggled softly. Usagi's friends picked her up and helped her into postion. "Minako-chan, Hotaru-chan has to sit there!" Usagi whipsered. Minako looked at Usagi with plead in her eyes, but silently obeyed. She stood behind the chair. "Where's Mamo-chan?" Usagi looked around. Chibiusa got down on her knees on one side of that chair and Usagi did the same on the other side. Haruka showed up eventually and stood beside Michiru. Usagi kept looking around while her friends got into postion. Minako picked her best smile, but it faded when she felt something trickling down her leg. She moved her leg futher apart from the other one. She tried smiling again, then felt some more fluid trickling down. She kept moving until she and Artemis tumbled into Makoto's lap.

Both girls fell down. Minako knew the second she hit Makoto that there was no stopping the flow. More drops ran down her legs and more pushed along her panties, changing her dress from a cheery orange to a dark red-orange. She kept forcing the spurts out, and her butt felt warm. She got up. Her friend's dress was dark green, starting at her crotch and going down until in reached the hem. Makoto blushed. The girls gasped.

Hotaru, meanwhile, pushed her hands futher into her lap. She looked around to see if anybody was paying attoioun to her. She relased her hands and her cranberry dress grew into an ugly dark red. She sighed in relief as the urine flowed freely down her legs and stained her tights. Usagi and Chibiusa were busy undoing each other's bows in the middle of another of their little arugments.

Chibiusa felt a hot spurt come out and pool into her shoes. She grabbed her crotch. "Ah, is the little baby going to pee herself?" Usagi couldn't help smirking. Chibiusa angrly glared at her. Usagi felt 3 hot spurts come out and seep into her shoes. Since her shoes were glass, everyone had full view of the drops. Chibiusa sunk to the floor and kept untieing her bow with only one hand. Usagi sunk down as well, shaking out her glass shoes. Chibiusa was only half-way done with her dress when her bladder muscle wall broke, causing the liqued to flow. She screamed. Usagi gasped, and, forgetting her despreate need, rushed over to her.

Usagi's bladder compeatly broke and her dress turned dark pink and her shoes showed off her warm yellow droplets. Chibiusa let go of her crotch and crossed her legs. "I'm not taking the picture with a wet dress," She struggled to move, but her bladder was so swollen and heavy that she fell into Usagi's lap. Chibiusa looked up at her mother as she felt her bladder slowly emptying. She started crying. Mamoru came in at that point to see most of the girls sporting darkened dresses and teary eyes. They looked up at him. "Mamo-chan, we tried to wait for you," Usagi started. Mamoru kissed her. "You are such an understanding boyfriend," Usagi cooed.

"Everyone should get into postion, anyway. I'll go behind Usagi-chan." Usagi closed her eyes and smiled. The girls took the poses they had before, not bothering to cover the wet spots.

The girls never actually had a picture day that went well, but that was probably the most memroable-and wettist-one yet.

