Kim’s first public wetting

Author: LovetheWetness

*000*2022-11-15 01:59

Ever since she was in her teenage years, Kim has always had a strange Infatuation with peeing. As is probably the case with most people hers started with a legitimate accident while walking home from school. But she also always loved the feel of wetting her swimsuit at the beach. For a girl in her late 20s she’s had her share of boyfriend’s, but no one she trusted enough to bring up her wet desires.

Ever since her accident walking home from school, she had really loved the feeling of wetting her pants. The sudden gush of hot wetness and the warm flow as it runs down her legs would always make her intensely horny.

She had long fantasized about wetting her pants in front of a stranger. While walking around the personal hygiene area at the store she came across a section of adult diapers, obviously meant for people with continence problems, but Kim figured this might allow her the opportunity to pee in her pants without anyone knowing. She eyed up the different varieties available and settled on a package that should fit her body. She used the self check out to avoid any embarrassment.

The next day she had been prepping herself at work by drinking several large bottles of water throughout the afternoon. By the time the end of her workday had come, she had Peed several times, enough that her urine was now clear and orderless. This was important to her as she was nervous enough to begin with, without worrying about someone catching on to what she was doing because they could smell pee.

Shutting down her computer, she could feel her bladder straining as she stood up. She was one of the few people left in the office and quickly walked to the ladies room. Her hands were shaky as she took off her panties. She reached into her purse and pulled out her adult diaper. She quickly slid it on one leg at a time, pulling it up underneath the dress she chose to wear. She then pulled from her purse a pair of cut off sweatpants that she turned into a pair of shorts for working out. She figured she would wear these over the top of the diaper to help hide the sound of the crinkly plastic as well as serve as a back up should she have a leak. She tucked her panties into her purse and stepped out of the stall, pausing to give a quick twirl in front of the mirror checking to see if there was any obvious signs of a diaper under her dress. Satisfied that no one would see the diaper, she quickly made her way to her car and drove to the nearest Target store up the road.

Walking around target she could feel the immense pressure building in her bladder and knew that she needed to go soon. However she didn’t just want to go anywhere, she wanted to go while standing close to someone. While walking around the store she saw an attractive man in his early 30s looking at clothes in the men’s department. She confidently walked into the men’s department and began looking at men’s cloths as well.

Standing two clothing racks away from the man, she felt it was time to have her first experience. She tried to relax however despite the throbbing in her bladder, she suddenly became intensely pee shy. As the man moved around to the other side of the rack she thought it was now or never and begin trying to push out some pee. Over and over for what felt like an eternity, she could feel the piss about to escape her body, yet suddenly crawl back up. She closed her eyes and with her legs slightly parted, exhaled deeply causing her body to relax just enough.

Suddenly she felt the first hot gush into the diaper. She let out an uncontrollable moan before quickly coming back to her senses. Still relishing in the warmth that began to spread from the initial squirt, she strained hard again and this time her body cooperated with her. A large gush was expelled from her body with such force that she actually heard a muffled hiss noise. She didn’t think that there would be any noise through a diaper and the cut off sweats under her dress but she was wrong. She quickly looked over at the gentleman who had stopped thumbing through the clothes on the rack and paused before continuing to shop. Did he hear?

Her heart was racing in her chest and she could feel the wetness of her sexual excitement in her pussy mixing with the dampness of her piss. Her bladder still ached as she had barely begun any relief. She became bold and walked over and began looking at clothing on the same rack as the gentleman. Between her desperate need to pee, and her getting some control over her body, she was now able to let pee out in short controlled squirts. The warmth began to spread throughout the crotch of the diaper and around her lower ass cheeks. She could feel her nipples stiffen as her whole body got goosebumps.

“Are you looking for something for your boyfriend?” Holy crap, she didn’t expect the man to talk to her! Suddenly she realized she didn’t really have a reason to be in the men’s section. “ no, actually looking for something for my brother. His birthday is coming up in a few weeks.”

The man asked what kind of athletic clothing her brother like to wear however she wasn’t really hearing what he was saying as she was continuing to let squirt after squirt go into the diaper. She finally relaxed enough to let one very long stream ago. She nervously gasped and she felt the wet flood temporarily pooling, causing her to immediately stop the stream. She looked down and quickly took note of a nearby name brand. “he likes things made by champion” she managed somehow say. She walked slowly around the rack and was relieved that the hot gush had been absorbed into the diaper.

The man continue to talk to her but again she was hardly paying attention to what he was saying. Confident now in the diapers ability to absorb, she again relaxed and began to slowly let out a long trickle. She squeezed her thighs together and kind of rocked her hips forward as she attempted to force the stream a little harder. This must’ve caused the angle of her flow to change because a hot stream of piss suddenly shot up the front of the diaper and across her now throbbing clit. And the sudden jolt of pleasure caused her to involuntarily stop her flow once again.

The gentleman wished her luck and began to walk away. She slowly walked around the clothing rack feeling how thick the diaper had become between her thighs. The entire crotch area of the diaper was hot yet still felt some how dry. She reached down as if to adjust her dress but secretly was checking the diaper. She could tell by its slight puffiness in the front and on her butt that the pee had been absorbed well, and the diaper was doing its job.

At this point she had emptied approximately half of her bladder and figured she should probably begin to head towards the front of the store. She grabbed a bottle of water and a pack of gum and stood in line at the self check out. While standing there she continued let out stream after stream of hot pee. Occasionally shifting her weight from foot to foot using her legs to apply pressure on the bulging warm diaper causing it to press into her crotch.

When it was her turn she walked to the self check out and as she swiped the bottle across the scanner, she began to pee freely. Her hot stream just began to ebb as she suddenly felt the warm witness begin to creep down her left thigh. “Oh no!” She thought as she realized that she had finally exceeded the absorbent capacity of the diaper. She quickly placed her items in a bag and begin walking towards the door. With each step she took she realized that her thighs were squishing the diaper together. It felt absolutely amazing to feel the hot squishiness against her pussy, but she also realized that the pressure was squeezing small amounts of piss from the diaper and she felt the warmth spread a bit down her legs. She smiled to herself as she walked out of the store happy that she had were the cut off sweatpants as an extra layer.

When she got to her car she quickly reached into the back and put a towel down onto the driver seat. The moment she sat down she felt the immense hotness of the diaper against her ass. She squeezed her thighs together and relished in the thick, yet giving squishiness of the hot pee filled diaper. As she started her car, she reached my hand down and gave her pussy a playful squeeze through the soaking wet diaper. As she pressed

Spoiler

The diaper hard into her clit, she could feel the pee begin to soak through and into her dress. It no longer mattered as she was in the privacy of her own car. She looked in her rearview mirror and smiled to herself, happy with the first steps she’d taken into a new and naughty world.

Does anyone know why the text is in black?

