Date Panic! 2 - Page 6

Author: OmoCommando

*131*2014-06-10 02:27

Perhaps, in such a situation, it would be best to let Emma decide. After all, you were the one who chose the date location, it was only fair to let her decide where to go next.

"Which one do you think will be the most fun to explore?" you ask.

"Ummm..." Emma hesitates, looking back and forth at each door, twisting in place with her hands behind her back. "I don't know..."

"Just pick one!" you say "Maybe we'll get lucky and find some rare treasure inside!"

"That's a good point... Well then maybe..." Emma points to the trapdoor. "Let's try there first!"

You walk over to the trapdoor and lift it by its heavy iron handle. You are immediately greeted by a cloud of dust and cobwebs. There's a ladder that leads straight down. It's only a few steps, but still a fair three-meter drop. It would be best to use the iron ladder and not jump in.

"I'm scared... can you go first?" Emma asks you.

You nod your head slowly. You climb down the ladder and into the sub level. It's barely visible at all in there. There must be some source somewhere though, as it wasn't pitch black. Regardless, you did have a flashlight in your inventory. It's battery won't last forever, but will do in a pinch.

"All right, I'm coming down!" Emma yells. You then look up as she climbs down.

...Oh right... she wore a skirt.

You quickly avert your eyes to avoid being labeled as a pervert.

"There we go!" She says as she touches the floor.

The two of you take a quick look around. It appears to be an old cellar of sorts. Possibly even a dungeon, but it's too dark to tell. Using your keen observation skills, you notice several oil lamps lining the walls. If you could find something to light them with, you might be able to conserve your flashlight battery.

There were two clear paths before you: The partially lit hallway, and the pitch black one.

Emma steps a little closer to you. "I'll go where you want to go."

Hmm... so where did you want to go?

Which hall do you explore?

> Partially lit

> Pitch black

Current Trust Level: Warming up

