Cassie and David: The New Girl

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-12-30 14:16

﻿Cassie and David: The New Girl

A week later, Cassie and David were sitting on David’s front porch when a moving van pulled up to a house 3 doors down the street. "Someone must be moving into the Miller house," said David.

The Millers had moved away 2 years before, and the house had been vacant ever since. They watched as a car pulled up next to the van. A man and woman got out, followed by a young girl about Cassie and David’s age. She had big blue eyes with long lashes, a cute little upturned nose, and blond hair that fell in big, soft curls to her shoulders. 

The girl stood with her parents looking at their new home. She was wearing a lavender denim jumper with a unicorn embroidered on the on the chest. As the girl stood there, she suddenly grabbed herself with her right hand and stepped back and forth.

"Mommy, I have to go pee real bad!" she said. 

"You’ll just have to hold it a little longer, dear." replied her mother. 

The Dad started giving instructions to the movers. 

The girl started walking in a circle while still clutching herself with her right hand. 

"Mommy, It’s an emergency!"

"I said to hold it!" replied her mother sharply. 

The girl suddenly froze and hammed both hands to her crotch.

"Oh! Oh! Oh No! I’m peeing my pants!" She began to cry as pee ran out around her hands and down her legs.

Her mother grabbed her arm, reached around, and swatted the girl on her butt. 

"I told you to go at the rest stop, but you said you could hold it. Now look! We haven’t even been inside our new house yet, and you’ve already peed yourself!" 

The mother took her daughter into their house without another word. 

Cassie and David had seen the whole thing. They looked at each other and Cassie said, "We need to make friends with her!" 

