Naruto sees a movie

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2011-07-15 13:37

Author's Note: So this story is heavily based on an omorashi dream I had a while ago. Since it is my dream, it's in my perspective. It is technically fiction because my brain made it up and showed it to me. The story was so strange and detailed I wrote it down on paper like all other of my complex and epic dreams. I just dug it up and started the draft with a pencil. I was surprised that I forgot I had an artistic part of me. As I started writting the story poured out of me. I had to create about half of the story from nothing. If you all like it that's great, but if you don't whatever. Having this artistic part of me I'm already very critical of my own works. In the writing of this very story I thought multiple times of setting it on fire because I did'nt think it was good enough. It's kind of long and narrative but stick with it and it will come around. Well, I think that's enough rambling. On with the story.

Naruto Sees a Movie

One day I saw a flyer for an old film viewing at a local college. I'm such a sucker for old movies I could'nt resist. The flyer proclaimed "Underground" which was supposed to mean not a lot of people would be there. The day came and I arrived at night to the building.I entered a large classroom-like room. I realized it was very "Underground". There were 10 folding metal chairs set up, along with me there was a group of 3 young teens. Then I noticed one's bright golden hair, and orange uniform. It was Naruto and the two others were his team Sauske, and Sakura. By the irritated looks on their faces this was Naruto's idea. Naruto himself was excited and grinning like an idiot as usual. They noticed me and all raised a hand in greeting. I sat amongst the chairs. The instructor, or host, or whatever he was came in and introduced himself. Then he dropped the projector he was carrying smashing it to peices. We all groaned as he slunk off saying he would find another.

We all sat in annoyed silence until Naruto spoke up about five minutes through this. He asked me what my favorite movies were. That started off a long back and forth conversation. Eventually it came around to how everyone found out about this thing in the first place. Naruto's commrades confirmed they had been dragged here. I told them to relax, these movies were supposed to be classics, they might see something they like. The talk eventually led to Sauske muttering something.

"What was that?" snapped Naruto probably knowing what it was. It was an insult. Sauske had called him a whiny little brat or something.They shouted insults at each other a while, then sprung up and got close to each other, face to face. Me and Sakura both moaned again knowing it was far too late to stop them now. Just then I looked up and noticed the instructor was back with a new machine. But now he was fiddling with the wires like he didn't know what he was doing. By the looks of it those two had plenty of time to settle this.

They finally agreed to a test of skills. They got out knives and ran at each other. I could barely keep up with my eyes. They ran all over the room slashing, jabbing, dodging, and leaping around. The whole time they kept running their mouths off at each other. Finally they stopped and neither had a scrath on him. There was no winner, but they were still determined.

Next they came up with a test of the senses. Sauske would try and find Naruto in complete darkness. He turned off all the lights, and left me and him alone as he went to wait until Naruto was ready. Suddenly in the dark I felt Naruto tugging at my arm. "You're coming with me." He said. "Why are you literally dragging me into this?" I complained. "Because I don' trust you right now, what's keeping you from just telling Sauske where I hide?" Responded Naruto."Fine let's just get this thing over with." I said back. We felt around for something to hide in. We eventually found a tall, narrow closet. "There's no way we can both fit in there." I said. "We can do it like this." Said Naruto as he suddenly jumped up on my shoulders, and wrapped his legs around my neck."Okay." I said reluctantly. We squeezed in and shut the door. We waited stacked on top of each other in silence. After a bit Naruto started to tremble, then whimper.

Maybe he was afraid of the total dark, or confined space, or both. I reached up and punched him in the leg telling him to shut up or Sauske will find us. He listened for only a minute, until he heard footsteps approaching. Naruto trembled, and shook even harder. The footsteps came to right outside the closet. Naruto started whimpering again. Then I also started feeling something wet on my shoulders. I thought it was Naruto sweating on me. Then the closet door was flung open violently.

Naruto screamed, and at the same time warm liquid flooded over my shoulders and down my back. I threw him off me into the folding chairs. It wase'nt until I crawled out, and saw his wet pants what I knew that liquid was. He had gotten so scared that he had wet his pants while sitting on my shoulders. After I got over the shock of this realization I went into I guess you could call it a man hissy fit. I stomped around saying how disgusted I was, and I could'nt believe he did that, and he could have at least warned me he had to go. Sasuke, Sakura, and the instructor looked on in silent shock as I vented. Naruto could only say that he was sorry over, and over.

Later the instructor went back to wrestling the projector. I sat with still wet shoulders with an angry look on my face. I regreted everything I did in the last 24 hours. Sauske, and Sakura were still quiet, maybe they were stil in shock? Naruto was also not talking. He now sat on a towel on a chair, and either faced away from us at the wall, or looking at his own feet with a look of shame on his face. The whole time he had his hands between his legs trying to hide the evedince.After a few minutes I calmed down enough to see some reason. I looked at Naruto again and this time felt deep sympathy for him. I saw now that no matter how gross, and embarassing this was for me it was ten times that for Naruto. I calmly got up and approached the instructor and started talking to him. Naruto looked at us in a worried look.

I asked if there was anything around here that could help us out. He said there was a shower on the first floor and we were welcome to it. I said "Please lead the way." I motioned for Naruto to get up and come along. As we walked Naruto's hands still didn't leave his pants. I knew I had to say something. I started talking. I said I was sorry for my outburst earlier, I just have a bad habit of flipping out easily. Then I said it wase'nt his fault and it could have happened to anyone. I ended with the joke that Sauske probably wet his bed for years after Naruto stopped. That finally got him to crack one of his huge grins, and I knew he would be fine. He relaxed enough to take his hands away from his pants and he strolled normaly with me.

We got to the showers and the instructor said he's find us some spare clothes, and launder the ones that were wet. I sat on the bench outside and Naruto followed my lead. The guy returned with a gray shirt for me, and white boxers, and blue jeans for

Naurto. We went in separatley. I was first. I undressed, hopped in, and came out quick and re-dressed. The instructor took the wet shirt for the laundry right down the hall. Next Naruto hopped in. The instructor took his orange pants, and green boxers away. Naruto came out not sure of his new look. Along with the jeans he still had his orange shirt. I gave a thumbs up. The instructor said our clothes would be ready in about two hours. We all walked back and re seated in the projector room.

Naruto showed off his new look to his partners. They both smiled weakly. I felt like I did something good. He had most of his confidence and outgoing style back, and finally the instructor got the projector working and we were about to start the movies. I noticed Naruto and the others were gone. I asked where they went. The instructor said they all went for snacks that he brought down the hall. A little while later they all came back. Sauske, and Sakura both had small sodas and just a bit of popcorn. Then Naruto strode in carrying a huge soda, and equally huge popcorn. I stared at the soda. "It can't be." I thought. "He can't possibly be that stupid. That thing is going to haunt him later." Naruto noticed I was looking and grinned again, he took a huge sip. The lights went out and the movie started.

