Angela and Mike

Author: Pee Tee

*000*2014-08-31 19:37

Here is a re-edited story which I have posted before on another site, hope you like it.

Angela was looking forward to seeing her boyfriend Mike, they had been going out for more than a year but she still felt a thrill when they were together. She really enjoyed it when they made love and she hoped it would happen tonight, as she was already feeling quite horny at the thought.

The only slight concern for Angela was that, when she was reaching an orgasm she often felt that she was going to pee, and so she would often have to go to the bathroom in the middle of having sex.

Angela quite enjoyed the sensations of needing to pee when she was making love and was nearly coming, but she was very worried about wetting the bed, and what would Mike think. Angela had always, ever since she was a little girl, quite liked holding on when she needed a pee, often until she was quite desperate. When she was little she would hold herself between the legs and jiggle about before eventually dashing to the loo, not always making it in time. Even though she still liked to hold on sometimes, she had never actually wet herself since she was a little girl.

That evening Mike and Angela went to meet friends for a drink in a wine bar before going on to a restaurant for a meal for two.

When they were leaving the wine bar Angela knew she needed a pee but decided to enjoy the sensation and to hold on until they got to the restaurant. They were both a little merry as they walked along laughing, talking and flirting with each other and making suggestive comments about what would happen when they got home later.

When Mike stopped for a long kiss Angela could feel his hardness pressing against her, she was also feeling horny by now, but was beginning to regret not going before she left the wine bar. She was by now feeling quite desperate for a pee, and she whispered to Mike that she really needed to get to the restaurant to go to the loo. Little did she know that this was Mike's fantasy, female desperation; he had dreamed about being with a girl who was desperate for a pee and who might be nearly wetting her panties and had imagined what would happen. He had always thought he was a bit weird and didn’t know there were many other people out there with similar dreams, and he had therefore been too shy to mention it to her.

Now as they stood close together, kissing, Mike told her that he loved it when she was desperate for a pee, and it made him even more horny. Angela was surprised, but secretly quite pleased, because it was also a turn on for her.

They eventually got to the restaurant and Angela headed to the loo, before they settled into a quiet corner table for two. More wine was ordered together with a large jug of water, and they sat eating, drinking and chatting as lovers do for what seemed like ages, until it was time to leave. Over the coffee Angela confessed the need for another pee and was getting up to go to the loo, but Mike said why not wait until they got home.

Angela thought about it and decided she was ok and would be able to play the desperation game, and could hold on until they got home.

Mike paid the bill and, as they stood up to leave, Angela realised that she was a bit more desperate than she had thought, but it was not too far to walk back.

They set off along the street but kept stopping for cuddles and progress was slow. As they got closer to home they were able to cut through a small park. They reached some trees and stopped to lean against one of them and began kissing passionately. Mike slid his hand gently under Angela's short skirt and began to rub her between the legs.

Angela was so horny that by now she was nearly coming, but she was very desperate to pee, so she said to Mike "Oh Mike, that is so good, but I really am desperate for a pee and, if you don't stop, I won’t be able to hold on much longer".

Mike carried on gently rubbing and asked her "What will happen if I keep doing this and don’t stop?’

Angela looked at him, ‘You know when we are making love sometimes I have to get up and go to the bathroom, that’s because, with all of the wonderful sensations, I feel as if I will wet myself when I am coming. If you keep on rubbing me now like you are, then that’s what is going to happen, I won’t be able to help it, I will probably start to wet myself, I am almost doing it now.’

Mike was by now so turned on by the situation he couldn’t resist saying, ‘Go on then, please, that's what I really want you to do, if what I am doing means you can’t hold on any longer you must let go, I don’t mind. In fact I want you to wet your panties, I dare you to do it for me.’

Angela by this time was so turned on she just went with it and, as Mike rubbed her through her panties she felt herself begin to let go and she started to pee. Slowly at first, relaxing and feeling the pee begin to trickle out, the spreading warmth between her legs as her cotton panties began to soak up the pee." Oh Mike, I’m doing it, I haven’t done this since I was a little girl, I can’t help it, you're making me do it, I’m wetting my panties, Oh gosh I am wetting myself" she said.

Mike could feel the dampness spreading through her cotton panties, and then the pee was running through his fingers, and he couldn't believe it. As he continued to masturbate her he felt her body arch as she reached orgasm, and then she was trembling in his arms.

It wasn’t far home and, when they got home, the wet panties were quickly removed and another passionate session ensued, carrying on all night.

