The Car Trip

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-07-03 15:37

What did Nicole Get herself into?

Why did her mother fight this arrangement so hard? Of course, any parent would want to protect their child from making mistakes, but her mother had fought this to the last minute with every trick, wile, and plea she could gather even as the girl had gotten into the passenger side of the Cherokee jeep.

“Nicole, please, if you change your mind at all, or have second thoughts,” she had said as words of parting. “Please call us and we will find a way to come and get you.”

What was it that Nicole was doing? She was going to live with the boy that made her the happiest she had ever been. It was true that Nicole was only nineteen years old and barely out of high school. It was true that her boyfriend, Rick, still had a very low paying job and that they were young. Still, Nicole was sure that all of the concerns that her mother had were just an over-protective parent trying to hold on just a little longer to her eldest child.

Now, Nicole rested her eyes as Rick drove the sound of the radio playing soft music in the background allowed her to reflect on all the happiness she had for the one man she truly felt deserved her devotion and love—the man that sat next to her behind the wheel.

The stars were already out, and as Rick had complained at one point, they were already running two hours behind schedule as he had to be back in West Havenbrook the next morning so he could rest for work the day after.

“Nicole?” he whispered though the night probably unsure as to if she was still awake.

“Yeah?” she responded with a soft rhythm-like tone.

“I’m sorry about arguing with your mother earlier. I didn’t mean to make her upset at you.”

“She’s not that upset,” she opened her eyes and looked over at his red fiery hair that seemed to flail in every direction, his green shiny innocent eyes, and his kind elongated mouth below his sharp but small nose. Every part of him, she loved.

“She sure seemed a bit upset at dinner.”

“She was like that before you got there to pick me up,” Nicole whispered. “Let’s talk about something else, okay? It’s no secret she doesn’t like you, okay? But you are going to marry ME, not my mom, right?”

“Yeah, okay,” Rick quickly agreed as she looked at her dark golden hair that hung to her shoulders, her intensified sparkling viewing orbs that sat well balanced upon her lightly spotted face with her cute ‘button of a nose’ resting between them. Her mouth was smiling, but not in a big dumb google-eyed way that girls sometimes do. It was more reserved and polite-like.

Nicole reached for the hand that Rick had limply resting by his side, because he was one of these confidence drivers that normally let his left hand do ninety percent of the driving. She felt his callous hands, the fingers so toughened and strong. She loved his hand, and there was the soft spot between the index finger and the thumb that she pressed gently between her own thumb and forefinger. He was so perfectly made, and his heart was generous beyond anyone she had ever heard of.

“Are you daydreaming?” he whispered as he took another glance from the road towards her. “Can I ask what it’s about?”

Nicole smiled. “It’s nothing really,” she blinked her eyes slowly at him with adoration.

“I really don’t understand your parents very well at all. They seem a bit strange, you know?”

“I think they’re just old fashion, actually,” Nicole smiled at him. “They are a bother at times, and they refused to change with the times. What can I say?”

“Well, at least they had a very sensible and sweet daughter,” he smiled at her.

Nicole relaxed a bit, and Rick became a bit quiet again.

The young couple soon found the ride quite monotonous and Nicole started to drift off while Rick quietly contemplated his own secrets of which Nicole could not imagine.

She didn’t know how long she had been sleeping, but she suddenly woke up with her bladder starting to pulsate under her light blue jeans. She looked out the window seeing that they were in a wooded stretch of road that didn’t feel as though it was a part of the interstate.

“How far is it?” she asked almost feeling like a child as she did remembering the many times she had joined her brothers in the infamous change of ‘are we there yet?’

“We still have to drive all night,” Rick patted her hand.

“Can you pull over soon?”

“Why?” he looked over at her concerned.

“Um… nothing important. I just need to use the bathroom,” she looked at him with her blue pleading eyes.

“Oh, okay. I thought you really were going to follow your old man’s advice about not going just any old place?”

Nicole looked down. “Do you want me to?”

“Well, what he said about that, kind of makes sense.”

“Does it?” she thought it was paranoia and old fashion, but she didn’t want to tell her love that. She nodded after several minutes. “I’ll wait for a good place, but how long will that be?”

“I’m not sure. We’re kind of in the middle of nowhere right now.”

“I got that feeling,” she frowned at him. “I’ll wait as long as I can, but if I tell you I have to go again, you better understand, it will mean I can only wait so long.”

“I got it,” he rubbed her hand nervously.

She rubbed his hand back tenderly. She didn’t want him to think she was upset. She had lived with this rule for so long, with her dad that she was actually used to it, so it didn’t bother her that the men in her life always wanted to protect her.

The road they were on seemed to wind left and then right again every couple of miles or so. It felt as if they were hardly making any progress at all, and as time seemed to slip away, Nicole became more and more nervous of her ability to wait like an adult. She watched the road nervously for any sign of rest area that she could point out to her beau so that he would stop for her.

First, her hand started to twitch in his hand and the road wound yet again to the right. Her legs were already tense, and she sat alert and pulled her muscles together as strongly as she could. He was looking straight on at the moment as the winding road made it too dangerous to watch what she was doing.

Then the road wound to the left, her legs started to jitter with tiny almost impossible to see bounces as her knees began to sweat some and her eyes concentrated even harder almost willing a sign to appear on the road as if there might magically appear one, if she concentrated hard enough. Her hand was getting sweaty and her back hurt from the alert tense position she was sitting in.

The road wound right, her knees bounced just a little more so that they were almost noticeable as they tapped each other rapidly trying to tell her inner muscles to tighten up a bit more because she was scared that they were tiring and starting to loosen. No liquid had yet to spill, but she was getting scared it would.

The road leveled out a bit and they were going straight. Her feet curled up so she was now only using her toes to touch the floor and her knees seemed to spread out just a little, but that only gave them more room so they could fan a bit more, opening and closing in somewhat a slow and rhythm-like motion. Sweat slid down from her left temple down her face and around her jaw line to her neck. Her hand tightened as it held his.

“Are you okay?” Rick could feel the tension in her grasp as she held his hand.

Nicole nodded with her teeth closed tight and nearly chattering in her nervous attempt not to act too childish as she sat there trying to keep herself looking mature and carefree about her predicament. She had to prove to herself, at the very least, that she could be an adult about this.

“You don’t look fine,” he turned to look back at the road to make sure it wasn’t going to wind right or left suddenly on him. “You are going to wet your pants, aren’t you?”

“No?” Nicole pleaded both with her body and him. She was too old to let this happen to herself, and she would fight it, and she would win. Only, she wanted him to just drive and find a place quickly so she could beat this.

Rick went silent. It was as if he didn’t know what to say to her.

Nicole was glad as her knees started to flap a bit more heavily against each other and her toes allowed her legs to bounce up and down. Her privates were burning so desperately to allow the pent up fluids to be released from her weakening muscles.

The road wound right again, the insides of her tubes felt as though they were on fire, and as if someone were pulling a line of thread through the fabric of a piece of cloth, and that cloth could feel the sliding pulling motion of the little line as it slipped through to its stopping point.

Another bead of sweat followed the track of the first water drop down her face. Her arms were starting to tingle with the effort of waiting, and her legs were now fanning back and forth so hard that her knees might even be getting red under her jeans from hitting together so much and so hard. She was starting to scoot back and forth in her seat, and her body was shaking.

The road evened out again and was now running parallel to the interstate. They had on this side highway for the last two hours as Rick thought it would save them some time, but it had had no facilities or any real signs all that time. He drove towards the interstate, and Nicole hoped that that was a gesture to find a place for her as the interstate had to have facilities every few miles.

Her stomach made a strange noise, but she had had a big dinner and didn’t feel hungry in the least. Her stomach was hurting, her face was sweating, and her knees, legs, muscles, and very being was working hard to keep her shame from escaping and yellowing her white cotton panties that were beneath her loose jeans.

“Just a little more,” Rick whispered into the thick atmosphere of Nicole’s tense struggles. “The next rest area is about ten miles up the road.”

Nicole barely heard him as she leaned her head back against the car seat, and her face burning as she did so she slipped her right hand between her legs and pushed against the middle of her jeans to try to add more pressure to help her tiring muscles. She really didn’t want to wet herself, and though it was shameful to display herself as she was doing, it was dark, and only her boyfriend could see her. It should be okay in that situation, right?

She looked over at him nervously, and was surprised to see that his own pants had a particular bulge that protruded upwards from his sitting position making a bit of ‘tent’ in his trousers. Was he turned on by her situation?

“Rick,” she whimpered trying to scold him.

He looked over at her confusing her whimpering scolding as a sign that she was about to pee herself. But she still looked like she was fighting and she still looked quite dry.

“How can you be turned on at a time like this?” she was shivering and stuttering so much, that the words came out in pieces so that only two or three words were said with each breath.

“Turned on?” he now realized he was showing and also blushed. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to.”

Nicole shook her head as she continued to try to keep her body from giving up the waters from within. It was only a matter of time. She could do it. She could do it. She could… not… do it.

*004*2012-07-04 12:03

Yes, it's the same Nicole.

Thank you for your support. I appreciate when people like to read my stories.

*008*2012-07-05 00:00

The drive seemed to be crawling about the interstate even though from Rick’s perspective, they were sailing at seventy miles an hour. He didn’t dare go much faster as he was unsure of any speed traps along this section of the interstate.

Nicole’s legs were frantically bouncing and shaking. She held both hands now, between her legs, and shifted her whole sitting position to the right and then to the left grinding her knees into each other, pressing her fingers into her jeans crotch, and shaking with the effort to keep the water from….

She felt it dampen her panties. It was just a little, but it was enough to warn her that she was about to really not make it. It wasn’t even really a squirt, but just a little oozing of her pee that had ‘snuck’ into her panties. She blushed and with all the willpower she had, tried to press harder, her body was now a jerky explosion of scooting back and forth as her knees fanned so rapidly that they banged into each other causing them to sting a big, and her spirits were nervously on high attention to detect even the slightest movement from within her bladder.

She looked away from Rick out the window. It was too embarrassing to see what he thought of her little childish pee-dance display. If it had been her dad sitting there, he’d have pulled the car over and swatted her bottom for making such a childish and indecent display. She shivered from the efforts, but she couldn’t help from doing the pee dance. It was the only way to contain the impending doom.

The sign said they still had three miles to go, and her face was so red and flushed, sweat poured down the sides. Her privates felt moist and warm, and though at least a part of it was from grinding herself, the worst of it was that little bit of pee that had escaped earlier which kept her from enjoying the feeling she was experiencing there.

The darkness of the night meant that even if she lost a lot, Rick wouldn’t necessarily see it right away, but she was sure that if she did such a thing, he would be really disappointed in her. Her teeth were set in her jaw as she tried to keep everything in. Her eyes squinted shut so tight from the effort and her mouth making a distasteful frown would have told anyone that she was about to squirt in her panties.

Squirt… squirt… squirt!

Three quick blasts of pee hissed from her pee hole when her bladder pulsated and then her muscles quickly recovered closing the hole that had parted for the liquid. She looked over at Rick wondering if he had heard the pee coming out as it had echoed in her own ears. Did he know?

Rick seemed oblivious as he put a hand on her thigh rubbing it. “You can do it,” he tried to comfort her. “Just another mile. We’re almost there. Don’t give up, baby.”

Nicole didn’t intend to give up. She squirmed and did everything she could to keep the rest in, though her jeans crotch felt a bit wet. She was getting scared. She was going lose it before the rest area came into view, but now, wait! There it was!

Rick pulled the car into the large parking spaces as soon as he could.

Nicole’s face was blushed, tears were in her eyes, her hands in her crotch, and she writhed and wiggled in her seat as the motor gave off the last of its exhaust. There was a faint worried low whine from Nicole as she contemplated how to get to the bathroom without further embarrassment. It was quite likely she couldn’t make it, and now that Rick had opened the his door and the light had come on, he could see her sitting there shaking.

“Can you make it?” he asked her.

Nicole looked sadly over to him. She wasn’t sure, but she nodded anyway. She didn’t want to admit defeat.

Rick came around to her side of the car and opened the door. He saw the little bit of a damp area between her legs, and knew that she was starting to lose it.

“You’ve wet, honey,” he said trying to sound soft though inside he was surprised and a little upset.

“I know,” she whispered. “But I still have to go really bad.”

He pulled her by her arm up and out of the car. Her butt was wet, but it wasn’t that big of a spot, just enough to be noticed.

“Well, go to the bathroom, then,” he sighed. “I’ll try to clean the seat up some.”

Nicole nodded and started to walk towards the bathroom.

