Alexis's pee problem chapter 2 (Yu-Gi-Oh GX fanfic)

Author: andrtyb

*000*2015-12-19 15:32

Alexis really appreciated Jaden's help and she thanked to god that there are males out there who aren't complete perverts,but it seemed that his help has given her more trouble than actually helping.Her bladder was screaming for relief.It seemed like all the liquids she drank the previous night without remembering to use the toilet before going to sleep,that water-bottle she choked on her way to class and the inability of peeing before waking up were playing against her this time.

Holding in your morning pee was one of the most insufferable things to do.It was almost impossible.This wouldn't have happened if she'd went to sleep earlier.Then,she'd wake up earlier and have enough time to use the bathroom.But being a hard-working student like she was required plenty of learning and late night study sessions.Now she didn't only have to wait for the class to finish,but she also had to wait another 2 hours of detention.

Jaden never intended to give Lexi more problems,but it just happened.The fact that Crowler hated him more than anyone apparently gave a punishment for both of the students.

Crowler kept talking about the water-type cards lesson.Jaden was almost asleep,while Alexis was at the point of crying from all that liquid torture.Her bladder was at the point of bursting all over Crowler's clean expensive wooded floor.She tried to hold it,but in that moment the pain was unimaginable.She kept fidgeting in her seat,while some of the boys had their tongues sticked out,some others stopped paying attention to the class and began gazing with pleasure at her,others were laughing at her hoping she'd wet herself for their own pleasure.The female students on the other hand,were feeling sorry for their roommate and they were angry on how insensitive the boys were acting towards a lady.

The Obelisk Blue Queen wanted to get up and slap those perverts who dared to find her suffering arousing.One guy,named Terence,from the Obelisk Blue dorm got near her and whispered in her ear :

"Hey,babe.Would you like to wet yourself for your papa?" replied Terence with a pervy smirk on his face.

Without thinking anymore,Alexis slapped the male student,giving him a lesson for once.However,her slap was so loud it attracted Crowler's attention.

"Miss Rhodes! Your behavior just made you win another hour of detention!" yelled Crowler in his usual high-pitched way.

"Wait,sir! I'm the one who started the conflict,shouldn't I get detention as well?" asked Terence smiling.

The thought of seeing Alexis desperate for another 3 hours was so tempting.Not to mention all the ways he's gonna torture her.

"You're right,Terence! Detention for you too!" replied Crowler.

Alexis felt tortured.This was by far the wort day in her life.She didn't like not being allowed to pee and the thought of a person getting sexual arouse from seeing her desperate to go was even more disgusting to her.Similar to when three male students were peeking at her when she was showering and wanted to post the pictures on the internet.Fortunately,those guys got caught and reported to the academy for acting like total peeping toms.

Soon,the class finished and all the students went outside while Alexis,Jaden and Terence remained in Dr Crowler's class for detention.

3 hours of detention - this sounded like an eternity for Alexis's water-filled bladder.Terence was still smirking with pleasure at her and the rain just started outside.Oh,no! That's just what she needed - more water temptations.

A group of male students refused to leave the classroom.All they wanted was to remain in there and watch at the beautiful desperate-for-the-ladies's-room Alexis.

"Hey,why are you still here? Go away!" screamed Crowler at the remaining students.

"Oh,come on,sir! I don't think we could do any harm if we stay here for at least 1 hour.And after all,we weren't that quite throughout the class as well.We kept talking and chatting.We barely even listened to the lesson.Can we stay,please?" asked the guys doing the puppy eyes.

"As you may know,I won't allow anymore requests from students to allow them to stay after hours.So,now go away!" yelled Crowler.The boys quickly ran out,not wanting to get in trouble with their teacher once again.

Once the boys left,Alexis just realized that she was at the point of leaking in her clothing.She was in fact,for the first time,scared by the thought of humiliating herself in front of her teacher and classmates.

She decided asking one more time,before Crowler would have locked the door.

"Sir,may I please go to the washroom? I'll be right back for detention,I promise" asked Alexis,hoping Crowler would have a change of heart.

"After all you've done,Miss Rhodes,don't even think of asking me that one more time.No bathroom breaks for you till the end of this detention! An by the way,many students tried this to get away from my punishments many times.It never worked!" replied the teacher,taking the class's key and closing it.Then,instead of putting it in his pocket,he threw it out the window.The thought of giving his students the hope of being able to unlock the door was too much for him.He wanted to see them suffering!

"Don't worry.Someone will pick it up at one point or another.Well,that's what I hope" explained Crowler ,while watching at the falling key.

Lexi felt like she was gonna burst in tears at any moment.The urine from her bladder was DEMANDING to be released.

Terence was standing in one of the top raws with Alexis and getting closer to her,he whispered mockingly :

"Don't worry,Alexis.What could possibly go wrong having me around? Just try not to think about waterfalls,rivers,oceans,dripping faucets,toilets,peeing,shhhh sounds.And oh,try especially not to think about LEMONADE.You know,that yellow liquid whose color resembles the one the liquid you want to release has.I just love pouring lemonade in a glass.It sounds and looks similar with act of peeing in a toilet.I think it's mostly due to the color but the sound is very similar too : it's something like 'pisssssssssss shhhhhhhhh woooshhhhh tttzzzzzzzzzz'.

And then when the lemonade glass is almost empty,small drops come out,similar to when you almost finish peeing,something like 'drip drip drip drip drip'.Ow,man! The rain seems to be a good peeing sound-alike.It's kinda like when you have to go so bad after a long road trip and when you finally find a bathroom,you begin peeing so much that you think it'd never stop.But also,the feeling is so good.You've been waiting for so long and your bladder was in pain during the long trip and that one bathroom you found offered you so much sweet relief and you're all like 'ahhhh,relief!'.By the way,did you know I was in Brussels with the class back when I was in middle school? There we saw Manneken Pis,a statue with a peeing little baby.I'm not kidding : it's practically a statue whose main theme is peeing.Not to mention the sound is so splashy it will make you have to go even if you already went and..." Terence was going to continue,but suddenly...

"WILL YOU SHUT UP ALREADY!" screamed Alexis,not being able to take it anymore.

"Alexis Rhodes, now you have just given yourself an your classmates 4 hours of detention." announced Crowler angrily.

"But,I..." said Alexis,trying to explain.

"DON'T YOU DARE TO CONTRADICT ME! Now you made it 5 hours.Do you want to make it 6?" explained Crowler,hoping he made himself clear.

"No,sir!" said the blonde-haired girl sitting herself down,almost in tears.

"Awwww.Don't worry,Lexi.I'm not mad on you because you made our detention longer.Fortunately we can spend our time listening to this video I found on Youtube.It's called '5 hours of dripping water for relaxation'.That sound perfect,doesn't it,Alexis? Here,I'll put it on right now!" said Terence.

The sound of tricking water was pure tortures for the poor girl's bladder.

