Daniel and Amy - Page 35

Author: Barry

*854*2017-08-27 23:52

{{10 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Hi Barry

My own thoughts would be to go with Aiden as the "main new character." I have to say though that personally I'd like to see the Scott and Nicki storyline begin to develop a little. Sorry Barry but that's just my two penny's worth, because as author it's up to you exactly where the story goes. The only other thing I would like to add is to keep the twists, turns and problems coming just as you've been doing so far; in my humble opinion they make the difference between a "good" story and an "excellent" one. After all, in real life nothing is ever plain sailing is it?

I see that we're now starting on the thirty fifth page and that's quite an achievement by any standards. many other stories would have become dull and boring and then fizzled out long before this; but yours is still fresh and vibrant.

Many congratulations

}}

{{7 hours ago, alexwbj said:

Can we have some more of Amy and NIcki as well?

}}

Don't despair! More Amy and Nikki very shortly. This is the first time I've tried telling two different characters stories at the same time, and it's fun, but hard to get to a suitable "cut-off" point to switch at. But I think the girls are due next!

Expect a cameo from Sue shortly as well.......

Scott and Nikki will DEFINITELY be afforded some time to develop their own storyline as well. As a matter of fact, I already know the scenario, just working out how to approach it. I've had a plan for Danny and Amy in mind, but already decided that Scott and Nikki can work just as well. I've just got to decide if it'll be them as a stand alone, or perhaps include others from the gang as well.

For the extra characters, I like Aiden so far. I have a mental picture similar to "Butters" from South Park for some strange reason! Lol.

I expect to see more of Robbie, Sam, and Toby at some stage, but not really any firm plans yet. Perhaps in the Scott and Nikki chapter.

*A lightbulb goes off in Barry's head*

Yeeeaaahhhh......Mmmmm. That might actually work.........

Thanks again everyone!

*857*2017-08-28 15:44

Chapter 35:

Nikki woke up at 5:30, or so it said on her phone. She had woken up suddenly, needing to pee, a lingering hangover from her dream.

In her dream, her and Amy had been sitting in class together, which was strange, as they didn't share any, and she had needed to be excused. After keeping her hand raised for what seemed like ages, she had sighed with frustration as the teacher had again looked straight through her.

"What's the matter Nik?" Dream Amy had whispered.

"I want to go to the toilet," Nikki had replied, "but the old cow keeps ignoring me!"

Amy had laughed gaily. "Is that all? Here, slip a diaper on! It's a pull up, but it'll fit you!" She had simply pulled the big pull up out of her desk, and passed it straight over, causing Nikki to hiss in shock, snatching it rudely from her friends hand, and stuffing it under her own desk, and then under her jumper before anyone noticed.

"Don't stress Nik! No one can see it except us! Just slip it on under the table."

"What about my underpants?" Nikki asked, confused.

"What about them? You're only wearing your pee panties! It doesn't matter if you wet them, does it?"

Nikki couldn't exactly remember putting the diaper on, but suddenly it was. Funnily enough, that was all she now wore, with every other article of clothing somehow vanishing, and she put a hand protectively across her flat chest, causing Amy to smile, and somewhat seductively at that.

"Don't be shy Nik. I'm the only one who can see you. Just pee in your diaper, and I'll change you later."

Nikki had woken up just before her dream self could be fully convinced. She hadn't had a REAL sleep wetting for months, (although her sheets were still wet some mornings!) and she realised that she was darn close to having a real one now.

She groggily tried to roll over and get out of the same side of bed that she always did at home, but was stopped by a warm body. Momentarily startled, she flinched back, taking a few seconds to remember that she was in bed with her best friend.

Slumping backwards onto her back, she yawned and stretched, then hissed a sharp intake of breath, crossing her legs quickly as she very nearly wet herself a bit. As she slowly came to her senses, she realised that the hand she had jammed into her crotch was pushing firmly against the thickly padded diaper she wore underneath her bunny rabbit onesie, and it all started coming back to her.

It was Tuesday morning, and she had slept with Amy. Not just in the same room, but in the same bed! How freaking awesome was that?! Their previous nights exploits returned to her, and she grinned in the darkness at the memories of their wet fun around the pool, followed by walking around afterwards with no pants on, came back to her. Nikki didn't quite comprehend the meaning of her feelings. She was straight. She was sure of that! Hell, she even had a boyfriend! A real one, and he was a sweet, sexy boy as well, and she was starting to become very attached to him.

But there was something about Amy that made Nikki feel kind of squirmy inside. She didn't think that she was attracted to her, not in THAT way, you know, like the way that she was attracted to Scott, but still.....

The way Amy looked in a diaper. The way they could so easily talk about wetting, and how Nikki felt like she could tell Amy anything, and it would be okay. The way Amy kept helping her, guiding her, not only teaching her stuff about wetting and diapers, but also made her feel like it was okay, and she was normal, even about the weird stuff like her pee-panties. It all added up to not just friendship, but almost hero worship. The older girl was more than a best friend, she was a mentor, and a cute and pretty one at that.

Nikki even felt a vague twinge of jealousy occasionally, about how this beautiful, smart girl with all her problems could still manage to deal with everything and come out on top, even comfortably wearing nappies all day with her mothers permission, and having a sweet boy like Dan who obviously worshipped her. She sometimes felt a bit jealous of Dan as well, because he was so close to Amy. The jealousy of either of them certainly wasn't huge, but she envied how her two friends could get away with all their wetting fun, and have somebody else to share it with. After all, even though her and Scott were slowly getting closer, she couldn't imagine ever wearing a diaper or wetting herself around him, at least not on purpose.

She wondered how he'd react...

Another twinge from her bladder had her reaching for the doona, but before she pulled it back, she paused. After all, she was wearing a nappy.....

She reached for her phone, tucked it under the blanket, and switched the light on. Directing the beam towards the softly snoring figure beside her, she trained the light on the sleeping girls behind. Her backside looked dry, as did the sheet around it, but Amy's adorable footie pyjamas did look swollen. Reaching out, she gently placed her palm against Amy's diaper bulge, and could tell instantly that her friend was wet. The way the padding felt swollen and warm, even through her pj's, was proof enough that she was in bed next to a wet girl, and she grinned with delight in the darkness.

Unable to stop herself, she gently squeezed Amy's diaper through her pyjamas, and suddenly felt a small wetness forming underneath her groping fingers. Looking closely using the light, Nikki could see a small wet spot appear, roughly the size and shape of an egg, just underneath where Amy's right leg guard would be.

Amy groaned softly in her sleep, and Nikki froze, afraid she was waking the other girl up, but Amy just mumbled in her sleep, and wriggled her butt backwards, actually forcing it firmly into Nikkis hand, murmuring something that sounded like "mmm 'ats nice," before softly snoring again.

Nikkis bladder protested, and she knew then that she'd need to pee extremely quickly, but it wasn't everyday that she was able to do something as hot and naughty as this, and hold Amy's wet spot while cupping her full diaper.

In the end, the choice wasn't hers to make. As she lay there, refusing to move her hand, she lost control, and started wetting herself. At first, she panicked, trying unsuccessfully to stop the flow, but she couldn't, so in the end, she gave in to it. She did manage to roll onto her back, hopefully preventing any leaks, but she still refused to take her hand off her friends slightly wet butt, so she lay there, pulling the blanket up to her chin to mask the light from her phone, and put her left hand against the crotch of her onesie, while leaving her right hand pushing against Amy's wet and swollen diaper, as she felt her own padding swiftly filling up, the heat radiating across her almost bare pubic mound, and quickly spreading to encompass her skinny backside, enraptured by the way her entire midsection now felt as if it was being wrapped in a hot, wet cloud.

All too soon it was over, and she reluctantly let go of Amy's bum and switched her phone off, returning it to the nightstand. 5:37am. She still had nearly an hour and a half before having to get up, and now, feeling all excited, she didn't think that she'd ever get to sleep again.

But, lacking other options, Nikki decided to try. She rolled over to face Amy's back, and tried to gently push her own diaper against her friends. Amy suddenly snorted in her sleep, but instead of pulling away, she surprised Nikki by doing the opposite, and wriggling her bottom very firmly up against her own swollen crotch. Nikki smiled in the darkness, and relaxed, feeling like everything was alright. At first she was unsure with what to do with her left arm, so she gently laid it against Amy's side, trying not to disturb her. Amy wiggled again, then reached over, taking the other girls hand, and cuddling it against her chest, and Nikkis breath caught in her throat, when she discovered that she was now cupping Amy's breast, and Amy was holding it tightly in place, and Nikki could feel the hardened nub of what could only be an erect nipple right in the palm of her hand!

In the dark, Amy raised her own spare hand up to her face, and Nikki was sure that she had started sucking on her thumb. She knew that was one of her friends tell tale signs that she was wetting herself, and she quickly pushed herself even more firmly against Amy's back, fully aware that her friends nappy would probably leak badly if she did wet herself whilst laying on her side, but Nikki didn't care. She kept the other girl in a bear hug, preventing her from rolling over, and smiled as she felt even more warmth radiating from around her midsection. A fresh wetness on the front of her leg only confirmed it. Amy had wet herself again while she slept, and had leaked, wetting not only the bed, but Nikkis pyjamas as well.

Nikki could feel a different wetness inside her own soiled diaper now, a wetness that was still like a new toy, but one she was quickly learning how to play with. Ironically it had been Amy who had finally taught her how to play with it, when she had "helped" Nikki apply nappy rash cream previously, but since that discovery, Nikki had taken to playing with her new toy a lot. It kind of disturbed her that she often found herself thinking about Amy while she did it, although lately, Scott had been appearing in her fantasies as well. Although Nikki felt that she could share almost anything with Amy, her private thoughts on that particular topic were something that she just knew that she should keep to herself.

A large yawn escaped her, and a wave of tiredness swept over the young girl. Now her bladder was empty, and she was cuddling Amy like a giant teddy bear, she closed her eyes, relishing how Amy's breast felt in her hand.

Two minutes later, she was asleep.

###

"Girls! Wake up! It's late!" Sonia was pounding on the door.

Nikki jumped back first, quickly pulling her hand away from Amy's breast, and Amy jerked awake only a second later, unaware of the position they'd slept in.

"Huh? Wha? Late?" Amy mumbled groggily, wiping at her eyes.

A frazzled looking Sonia was standing in the now open doorway, still dressed in her nightie and dressing gown. "Yes, we're bloody late! The power must've gone off about six o'clock, and our alarms haven't gone off! It's nearly eight o'clock!"

Amy groaned, her displeasure only increasing as she became aware of how wet and cold she felt. She didn't need to look to know that her sheets were wet. FUCK! Of all the nights to have a diaper failure, it had to be when her friend slept with her! She knew she should've made Nikki sleep on the air bed!

"Come on kids! You're going to be late. We need to get going."

"Um, mummy, I think I need a shower first," Amy admitted with downcast eyes.

"Ah heck, really?" Sonia asked, trying to keep the frustration out of her voice.

Amy's voice wavered. This was simply a horrible thing to wake up too! "I'm sorry mum, and Nik, but I'm wet. My nappy musta leaked," she ran her hand quickly across the sheets below her midsection, and a strangled sob escaped. "Ah shit! Mummy, the beds all wet!"

"Language Amy!" Sonia scolded, but gently. She sighed, composing herself. She knew that although her daughter wet in her sleep most nights, and hated it, she could accept it if it stayed contained within her protection, but it really upset her to start the day with wet sheets. Add the fact that her little school friend was in bed with her, made for a very upset young girl, and she was starting to softly cry.

"Look honey, don't stress, alright? I'm sure that Nikkis not upset with you, are you Nik? We all know you can't help it, and it's nothing to get worked up over."

Nikki reacted instantly, stretching her arm around Amy's shoulders, and gently pulling the quietly sobbing girl towards her. "Come on Ames. Cheer up. It's not the end of the world."

"But the beds all wet, I'm all wet, you're probably all wet, and, and, it all just SUCKS!" Amy wailed, giving in to her emotions.

Sonia hurried over, taking her daughters hand, and gently rubbing her wrist, but leaving her head resting on her friends shoulder, while Nikki rubbed her back encouragingly. No doubt about it, she thought, this little Nikki girl was something special, such a nice kid!

"Look. If you guys can get motivated, each go and have a very quick shower, I'll fix your bed, and we'll grab some McDonald's on the way to school, okay?"

"Come on Amy," Nikki said with obvious delight. "Macca's for breakfast! That's worth getting up for!"

Despite herself, Amy found herself smiling. "Suppose....."

Sonia relaxed, knowing that thanks to Nikki, a full blown tantrum had just been averted. Amy didn't have them often, but starting the day like this could've easily resulted in a melt-down. "Well? Come on then," she pushed, but gently.

Amy sighed. "Alright mummy, but can you leave? I'm all wet here."

Biting back the sarcastic reply about seeing it all before, Sonia patted her daughters leg, and left to get dressed herself. She knew that a shower was going to be mission impossible for herself, especially after the two kids had one, so she'd have to call in late, buy them breakfast, get them to school, then come home to shower and change herself. What a start to the day.

"Are ya ready?" Nikki asked, offering what she hoped was an encouraging smile, taking hold of the doona.

Amy swallowed hard, dreading what she already knew she'd find. "S'pose."

"1,2,3!" Nikki exclaimed, pulling the blankets completely off them in one swift motion.

"Ohhh," Amy muttered, almost crying again. Her crotch, and the right thigh of her footies was stained a dark red, and her sheets had a wet patch almost eighteen inches wide underneath her bottom. But what made her cringe even worse, was the visible wet spot across the front of Nikkis grey bunny onesie, where she'd been pressed up behind her.

"Oh Nikki! Nikki, I'm sorry, I'm so, so sor..."

"Hush it Ames. This is probably my pee on me. I wet my pants as well last night, so I probably leaked too! Stop stressing, for Gods sake!"

"What? Did you wet yourself as well?"

"Of course I did, idiot! You didn't think I was gonna waste an opportunity to use a real diaper, did ya? Look, I'll be honest, I woke up and did it, but hey, what's the diff? I still peed my pants in your bed too! So, we're kinda like even, the way I see it! And pee's pee! Doesn't matter if it's yours or mine! We're both still covered in it!"

Amy looked at her friend, and actually chuckled. "You really are something else Nik, you know?"

"That's what Scotty tells me," she replied with a cheeky wink. "Come on, let's grab that shower!"

"You go first Nik. I'll start stripping the bed."

"Why? Your mums gonna do that! 'Sides, we're running late already. Why don't we just hop in the shower together?"

"WHAT? Why?" Amy was incredulous.

Nikki shrugged nonchalantly. "Why not? We do it at the pool together, so what's the difference? We ain't got a lotta time, and it'll speed things up!"

Amy, still half asleep, confused, and emotional, just nodded. "S'pose your right. It might be a bit cramped but."

"So? It's only a quick one," Nikki replied cheerfully, unable to believe that Amy had agreed, leaving her head spinning. She couldn't speak for Amy of course, but so far she was personally having a wonderful day! Waking up wet, beside a wet Amy, and not being punished for it, was the stuff dreams were made of, and yes, she had daydreamed about this very thing before. The shower hadn't been dreamed of, but she was sure she would be remembering it in the future.....

Feeling self conscious, not only about her own wet pyjamas, but Nikkis as well, Amy led them to the linen closet for towels, and they padded into the bathroom. As usual, Nikki had no reservations, and it only took mere seconds before she'd peeled the wet bunny suit off, and was standing in front of Amy, apparently quite comfortable in just her saggy wet diaper, waiting impatiently for the older girl to join her.

Amy was a bit more reticent, but knowing that time was their enemy, she grimaced, then pulled her wet pyjamas off, matching Nikki in just a wet and stained nappy. At first, she held a protective hand demurely across her generous breasts, but when she saw how unconcerned Nikki was about her own flat-chested nudity, she forced herself to follow suit. Taking a plastic bag from beneath the sink, she held it open while Nikki pulled her diaper down so hard, that it hit the floor with a wet splat, then she likewise removed her own. They found themselves giggling a lot as Amy turned the shower on, and Nikki even pressed her bare front up against Amy's naked back for warmth.

Amy had been right. There wasn't a lot of room, but they made it work. There wasn't time to shampoo and condition, but time enough to scrub themselves with soap, especially around the most affected areas. Nikki was busy washing her own private area, when she snuck a glance at Amy, and found her staring down, blushing as she peed all over her own feet.

"Sorry. That always happens in the shower," she shyly explained. "Can't control it at all."

"Don't sweat it," Nikki informed her, giving a push, and giggling as she started peeing down her own legs, making Amy laugh.

Back in her room, Amy started off with a fresh tape up, and Nikki looked at it wistfully.

"Want one?" Amy asked in a hesitant voice.

"Could I?" Nikki replied shyly. "I've always kinda wanted to wear one to school."

"Nows your chance, mate! Here get this on before mummy comes back."

Twenty minutes later, the previous bad mood was a distant memory. Amy and Nikki sat in the backseat of Sonia's car, hungrily and happily munching on hash browns and muffins, and giggled amongst themselves on the way to school. Sonia smiled at the happy reflection of her daughter in the mirror, liking her little friend more and more.

She of course didn't know that Amy's "little friend" had just showered with her daughter, or was secretly wearing one of her diapers underneath her school uniform, but nevertheless, she was just happy that Amy was happy.

There hadn't been a lot of that in Amy's life, at least not until recently.

*861*2017-08-29 11:36

{{3 hours ago, Flower said:

Aww the girls are so cute :)

}}

Aren't they just!

*863*2017-08-30 03:35

Chapter 36:

"Bye girls! Have fun, learn stuff, become doctors or something." This was an in-joke, and an ongoing one of Sonia's, who always sent her daughter off with a light hearted comment.

"Bye mum," Amy replied with a roll of her eyes, having heard some variation of this at least a million times.

"Bye Mrs.....Sonia," Nikki added bashfully, blushing a bit. "Thank you very much for having me over. I had a great time." She sounded very much like she meant it, too!

"Anytime Nikki," Sonia said with a sweet smile. "You're a pleasure to have around! You and your mum will have to come for dinner soon."

"I'd like that, thanks, and thank you again for breakfast," the slight young girl replied, blushing even more, and scrambling nervously as she tried to gather up the seemingly huge pile of rubbish that their hastily devoured breakfast had left behind. Sonia reached around, and placed her hand gently on the little girls arm.

"Leave it sweetie. Hurry up and get to class. I'll clean up the mess later."

Nikki hesitated, wanting to help, but not wanting to delay Sonia. The decision was taken out of her hands when Amy grabbed her hand, dragging her impatiently away from the car, trying to escape before her mother insisted on getting an embarrassing goodbye kiss. "Comeoncomeoncomeon," she groaned, dragging the smaller girl so forcefully that Nikki almost tumbled over, managing to flash Sonia a shy, sweet smile as she was pulled away.

Sonia could only smile and wave as she watched the two girls grab each other's hands as they trotted off, throwing their bags loosely over their shoulders. She saw her daughter leaning over to whisper something in her friends ear, which made Nikki laugh.

They looked so darn cute!

"So tell me all about how you peed in my bed," Amy had said in a faux-stern voice, making Nikki squeal with mock indignation.

"I will if you will," she replied, a cheeky glint in her eyes, and Amy giggled.

"Deal! But you first...."

"Wellllll, not much to tell," Nikki said in a loud whisper, glancing around to make sure that nobody was in earshot. "I kinda think I mighta had a funny dream. Not ha-ha funny, but like a bed wetting dream? Like when you dream you're going to the potty, but you're asleep? Ya know?"

Amy grinned, shaking her head ruefully. "Oh boy! Do I ever! Get 'em all the time. But I thought you was awake?"

"I was. I like woke up just in time, but I was really busting though, you know, like just about to let go."

"What didja dream about?" Amy asked innocently, glancing at her friend in wide eyed interest, and seeing her blush a bit, lowering her eyes.

"Dunno, can't really remember," Nikki mumbled, sounding perhaps a touch guilty.

Amy thought that her friend DID remember her dream, but if she felt awkward talking about it, then Amy wouldn't press her on it. After all, she knew all too well just how embarrassing bed wetting discussions could be. She was just thankful that they could at least talk about it with each other, even if she didn't get every single detail.

"So? What happened next?" Amy prodded.

"I started to get up, but I nearly peed my pants! So I guess I musta like grabbed myself, and that's when I realised that I hadda nappy on!" She produced a somewhat evil looking grin, flashing Amy a glimpse of the baby teeth that were still present in the bottom of her jaw.

"So I decided to hold it! I knew I couldn't hold on too long, but I wanted to see how long. Turned out it wasn't too long at all. I started to leak, and I couldn't stop, so I just rolled onto my back, you know, like how you always told me to, and I let it happen!"

"And what did you think? You know, about wetting a big diaper in bed? Didja like it? Was it good?" Amy was incredibly fascinated in hearing her opinion. This would be the first time she'd spoken to another girl about wetting an adult diaper in bed, and she was interested.

"It was scary," Nikki replied, sounding awestruck. "Like it was lovely and everything, like all warm and soft and snuggly and super-duper nice and stuff, but really, really scary too. I could feel it flowing everywhere, and it felt like there was no way the diaper could've possibly held that much, but I couldn't stop! I 'member how my Goodnights always leaked if I peed too hard, and they'd leak everywhere! Also, It wasn't like when I wet the bed on purpose, and I can control it, like do it slowly. Because it was a real accident, I basically lost all control and just flooded myself. I kept expecting to feel it running up my back and stuff, but it didn't. It was kinda crazy in a way. It felt so awesome, but horrible at the same time, cause I was in your bed. I was sure we were gonna wake up on wet sheets!"

"We did, remember?" Amy reminded her with a naughty grin, but with no trace of the earlier tears that had accompanied that discovery.

"Yeah! What happened Ames? You're always telling me how great these tape on diapers are," Nikki patted her hip for added emphasis, "but I like really filled mine, and maybe only leaked a tiny bit if that. But yours made a big mess."

Amy shrugged. "Dunno. I guess maybe because I'd already wet myself earlier?"

Nikkis grip on her hand tightened. "Wait. What? You didn't tell me that before! Was that on purpose?"

"Nah, not at all. I kinda remember waking up while I was peeing, at least I think I did. It was too late, so I hadda let it happen. But I guess I musta wet myself again later, laying on my side probably, judging by the wet leg on my footies. It's kinda weird though."

"Why? What's weird about it?"

"It's weird cause my body's kinda well trained to automatically roll onto my back when I start weeing. Even mummy says she's seen me roll over in my sleep before I start sucking my thumb, which I always do if I sleep-pee. For some reason last night, I didn't."

Nikki felt a touch guilty then, but there was no way that she was ever going to tell Amy that she had held her in that position, watching and feeling it happen. "Maybe cause I was in bed with you? You know, it mighta made it harder for you to roll over?"

Amy shrugged, happy to put the entire incident out of her mind, especially after her embarrassing tears.

"Maybe. Whatever. Doesn't matter now."

By now, they had entered the schoolyard itself. Amy let go of Nikkis hand, gesturing with a shake of her head towards the girls room. "I'm going to the loo before class, wanna come?"

Nikki shook her head. "No thanks Ames. I'm going to see if I can hold all day without getting my nappy wet, then I'll use it after school, you know, if I don't wet myself by then."

Amy's eyes widened. "That's right! You gotta diaper on, don't you? Wow! I forgot. What's it like? Do you like it?" She whispered.

"It's kinda scary, but I like it. Actually, I love it!" Nikki giggled childishly. "I kinda wish I had my stockings on though, just in case my dress flys up, but meh, whatcha gonna do?"

"Good luck then Nik. See ya at lunchtime," and before she knew that she was going to, she leaned over and kissed Nikki lightly on the cheek, before scurrying away, blushing. "Jesus! Where did that come from," she muttered to herself.

If she had have looked back, she would've seen a stunned Nikki standing there, touching her cheek and smiling.

At lunch, Amy hurried to the toilet, only just making it in time. She pressed her hand into the padded crotch of the diaper that was laying open inside her bloomers, which had been pulled down to her knees, and decided it was okay to use again. There was a small, yellowish wet patch where she had leaked a little bit, but her nappy was definitely okay to keep using. After finishing up, and taping herself back in, she washed her hands, and found Nikki sitting alone, not eating.

"Where's ya lunch, mate?"

Nikki shrugged. "Don't have any. Mum usually makes me some sammiches or something, but I wasn't home last night."

"So? Why not buy something? Canteens open."

Nikki shuffled her feet, looking down. "Can't. Got no money on me. Mum only lets me buy lunch once a week, on Fridays. She gets paid Thursday," she explained.

Amy grabbed Nikki, dragging her roughly to her feet, spinning her around, and pushing her towards the canteen.

"You silly cow! Why didn't you say something? My mum coulda made you something! Here, I'm buying you a pie!"

Nikki shook her head at the money Amy was trying to pass her. "No thanks Amy. I can't take your money."

Amy rolled her pretty eyes in frustration. "A pies like what? Four bucks? Jesus Nik, let me get you one! Want sauce?"

Nikki felt embarrassed, but grateful. She WAS hungry.....

"Thanks Ames. I'll pay you back Friday. Promise. And yes. Sauce please."

Amy soon returned with not only two pies, but two slices of cake, and two juice boxes, and the girls found a spot alone at the side of the Grade 7 lunch area where they could talk without being overheard.

"So. How's the diaper?" Amy whispered, eliciting a giggle from her friend, who almost choked on her cake.

"Dry still. I kinda wanna go a bit now, but I also wanna just keep holding. See how long I can go for."

The nun on playground duty appeared, ringing her bell. Giving the signal that the enforced eating period was over, and the girls were now free to go and play.

Nikki jumped up. "Thanks again for lunch Ames, it was delish. I've got to go to the library. Kyra and me are doin a science project together, and I said I'd help her research."

"Good thing we studied our science so hard last night then," Amy replied sarcastically, slipping in a wink for good measure.

"See ya Ames," Nikki chirped, and bent over to kiss her friend on the forehead, before scurrying off.

They missed each other after school though. Amy went to the toilet, diaper still mostly dry, and wanting to keep it that way, at least until she got home. Sonia was picking her up, and they were going to the supermarket, then to the clothing store for a new pair of jeans for Amy, which of course she'd have to try on, so wetting herself wouldn't be a great option at that point.

Nikkis diaper was still dry too, but she was absolutely busting. It was now nearly 3pm, and she hadn't relieved her bladder since peeing on herself in the shower with Amy, nearly seven hours earlier. Since then, she had nearly drained her water bottle, drank the juice box that Amy had bought for her, and sipped a few times from the water fountains. During her last class of the day, she had been extremely distracted, fidgeting uncomfortably in her seat, her toes continually curling inside the grubby white socks that she had now worn for two days straight.

The young girl was being torn apart. She had to make a tough decision, and quickly. Wearing the diaper today, had been like totally awesome! She had been able to enjoy holding on, safe in the knowledge that if she did have an accident, and it was a big possibility it could happen, that she'd still be well protected.

But as the day had gone on, and her need to pee had increased, she had started wondering again about just what it would feel like to secretly wet herself openly and accidentally at school.

It was a reoccurring daydream she often had. If she was to ever suffer a potty accident at school, today was certainly the day to do it! She had often deliberately wet her panties at school, and that was one of her biggest thrills, but she was horrified by the thought of having a REAL accident, and peeing herself in front of the other children. Nikki honestly thought that she'd probably die of embarrassment if that were to happen.

But:

It would also be like super hot as well! She had fantasised for a long time about peeing in class one day. How she could maybe hitch her skirt up, slide her vajayjay forward, and discreetly pee straight through her panties onto the carpeted floor beneath her desk. If she did it slowly, and it soaked into the carpet it would be nice. No spreading puddle like on the cement in the playground, or on the vinyl in the labs, or the wooden floor in the gym. All of those places would just spread her shame around, but the carpet might not, especially if she only peed a little bit.......

She had experimented one day by deliberately dribbling a small amount from her drink bottle, and had shuddered when she'd seen what a big, ugly wet spot had appeared with just a splash of water! She could imagine what a larger amount of pee would show up like...

Nikki had even once tried to pee just a little bit in the library! She had thought one day how she could go down an aisle, get near people in the next aisle over, and do a quick squirt of pee onto the floor, then just walk out. But she chickened out when she saw the security cameras.

So, if she was ever to experience the thrill and excitement of wetting herself accidentally at school, then she should certainly do so today.

But:

She REALLY wanted to wear this diaper to bed tonight! Completely wetting herself last night in Amy's bed had been like totally off the planet! She desperately wanted to experience that again, but also to have the time and privacy to play with her "new toy" afterwards. She shivered as she imagined what fondling that special button would feel like inside a hot, wet, puffy diaper!

To save the diaper, she would need to visit the little girls room immediately after class, but then she would miss the first bus, making her later home. If she could make it to her bus stop, she could wet herself walking home through the park like she often did, but this time, she wouldn't be trying to sneak away to do it on a distant bench or patch of grass. She could just walk straight down the path, past the busy playground, wetting herself the whole way in front of all the unknowing witnesses. Then, it was only a short walk home in her deliciously wet nappy, but she'd be home before her mum and Troy, so she could "play" in her soggy didee in peace!

But:

While that would be just so freaking hot that the mere thought of it was making her pussy wet inside the still dry nappy, it meant no dry didee to wear to bed later.

ARGH!

Perhaps she could make it home dry? That would be the perfect solution. If she tried, but wet herself in the park walking home instead, it was still an okay outcome she supposed.

Just as the final bell sounded, she made up her mind. She would attempt to get home, and remain dry.

*868*2017-08-31 03:42

Chapter 37:

Sue Jacobs felt lost. It was Tuesday, and she had the day off, so it should've been either a lazy, productive, busy, or at least interesting day, but instead, it was just flat, and boring. She just couldn't seem to get her mind around anything. Feeling too restless to just lounge around, she pottered around the house, doing little bits of housework, but there really wasn't much to do. With only her and Danny living there 90% of the time, the housework really wasn't too much, especially if you kept on top of it, like Sue did.

Danny's room was the only place that probably needed cleaning, and even that was basically acceptable, especially as it housed a young teenage boy with incontinence issues. But, just for the sake of doing something, she had decided to tidy it up anyway.

Walking in, the familiar smells wafted over her, and not just the ever so slight, lingering undertone of pee. After all, Danny was very well trained in opening his window to air it out. It was the other smells, the smell of her little boy. His shampoo, deodorant, and baby powder. The faintest aroma of a slightly sweaty shirt. The delicate touch of air freshener, the musty smell from his open wardrobe, his sheets. All of these things added up to the smell of her little boy. Plus the pee.

She missed him badly. He'd only been gone for one night, and he'd be back tomorrow, but she still wasn't used to his absence. It was only just lately that he'd started going to sleepovers, and they had just been one nighters, this whole two night, three day thing was the longest that he'd ever stayed away, apart from a couple of nights with his cousins. At least on those occasions he'd been with family who would look after him, including his "special needs." God, how she hated that term! It was difficult to equate her little boy with that description, but, she supposed that he was, in effect, a special needs child. That was what her and Pete had gone to great lengths to impress upon the staff at St Marks when they'd placed him there. She shuddered, imagining what Danny's reaction would be, if he had of heard himself being described like that.......

But apart from his bladder problems, he was a perfectly normal child. Maybe a little bit immature sometimes, but she could see him already growing out of that. These days he had mates, a girlfriend, a social life, and an attitude. Sue really hoped that he would lose the latter soon. She realised that every teenager, boy or girl, all went through surly, sullen periods, and it was all part of puberty and growing up. But it was just so out of character for her sweet, chubby faced little soldier, that she had raised from a pup.

His recent bad attitude had tied in neatly with his increasing incontinence issues, and she guessed that her little bloke was using anger as a coping mechanism, which was fine in a way, as long as he controlled himself. But heaven help the little bugger if there was too much more rudeness, or a repeat of the smoking scenario. Her mind drifted across to what he might even possibly be getting up to with his girlfriend, but she pushed that quickly away. They were still only little kids for Gods sake!

Even though his sheets were dry and clean, she stripped his bed, including the mattress protector and plastic sheet. Might as well wash everything together. His footie pj's were in a crumpled ball in his bathroom, so she snared those, along with two pairs of socks, an old t-shirt, and his favourite black hoodie, which was draped over his chair. Picking it up, she smiled as his pacifier fell out onto the chair. She sat it on his desk, sighing softly as she thought about how cute he still looked in his sweet little pyjamas, his nappy poking out the top, sleeping soundly with his dummy in his mouth. Four or fourteen? It was hard to tell sometimes, but while she wanted him to grow up a bit occasionally, she really wasn't in too much of a hurry. She grinned when she remembered the stunned look on Peters face when he'd seen Dans newest pyjamas! She wondered if Danny would show his dad his pacifier? She doubted it, as it would no doubt lead to telling him about smoking.

In the laundry, she found herself holding Dans pyjama top to her nose, inhaling his fragrance, before dropping it sadly into the machine. The sight of his smaller, kid sized clothes with their brighter colours was depressing.

Back upstairs, she vacuumed, removed only a small mountain of plates and glasses, and opened his window. She cleaned his toilet, shower and sink, and straightened his Katy Perry poster, which was starting to peel away from the wall. Eventually, Sue went back downstairs. She had hoped that being in his room, smelling him, and handling his clothes, might make him seem closer to her, but instead, she missed him even more now. She even missed his attitude.

At least without him there she could smoke again, so she made a coffee and went outside to sit at the table while his washing went through. She worried about him. Had he wet the bed last night? Probably. Had he wet his pants? Hopefully not. Would his friends help and support him? She could only hope. If only she could ring him, just to make sure that he was okay, but she couldn't. She crushed out her cigarette, and took her cup back inside, wondering what on earth she could do next.

The idea of going to the gym crossed her mind. She hadn't been for ages, and she could easily do with a Zumba class or something. She had noticed that Danny's supply of Goodnights was running low. His grownup stuff was fine. Since she'd been ordering in bulk, online, he had heaps of them. But she still bought his little nappies from the supermarket. She smiled when she thought about how much he had liked the camouflage pull ups. For years, anything army or camo themed had appealed to him, and she knew that he had harboured dreams of joining the army and becoming a soldier.

But, during one of his recent meltdowns, he had informed her that he had officially given up on that idea. Pissy-pants bed wetters don't join the army, apparently. She sighed, feeling a tear welling in her eye. It was sad because it was true. Realistically, her boy probably wouldn't get a chance to pursue a military career with his incontinence issues. While that certainly wasn't the end of the world, as a parent, it's hard when you can't help your kids to achieve their dreams. The sad part was, he didn't seem to have any clue as to what else he wanted to do when he grew up. Time was running out now. Next year, Grade 9, was when careers counsellors became involved, and courses were put into place to start working towards your future job, but Dan just didn't seem interested anymore. "Prolly just drive a truck or sumthin," he had grunted morosely the last time she had bought it up.

Screw it. She'd go to the gym, and grab him some more pull ups while she was out. Sue changed into yoga pants and a sleeveless top, made another coffee in her travel mug, collected her towel and water bottle, and headed off, deciding to stop at the shops first, before she got all sweaty at the gym. She timed her trip well, finishing her drink after she parked the car. Now a lot of women her age wouldn't dare go into a supermarket dressed like she was, but Sue had no qualms. She wasn't a model, and she might carry a few extra pounds, but basically, she was in good shape for her age.

She even attracted a few glances at her tightly wrapped bottom on the way in, and that boosted her spirits. It didn't take long to find the pull ups, after all, she'd been buying them from that shop for years, which was one reason Danny didn't like going in there with her. Sue was friends with a few of the workers, and they had watched him growing up, and they knew the kiddie sleep pants were for him. She grabbed a Red Bull for the gym, and headed out.

Sue guzzled the energy drink in the car park, hoping it might give her the missing "zing" she was lacking, and it worked. Soon, she was in a 40 minute long aerobics class, sweating up a storm. She felt a sense of accomplishment when she finished, although she knew her legs would be sore tomorrow, and she arched her back, stretching it, as she drank deeply from her water bottle. She was wishing that she had of bought a change of clothes with her, then she could've showered, but home was only fifteen minutes away, no biggie.

Pausing by her car, she decided to have another smoke before driving off. Buying a small packet had seemed like a good idea yesterday, but she needed to finish them before the boy got home. Her promise to give up wasn't exactly going smoothly, and Danny didn't need to see any evidence of her indiscretions sitting around, especially if he was to start actively looking for her cigarettes. If there weren't any in the house, he couldn't take any, so she was determined to smoke them all before he returned.

But standing by her car was quickly making her cold now. Her body temperature was returning to normal after her exercise class, and the breeze was cool. She wondered if it was cold at the camp? Hopefully Danny had taken her advice and packed a jumper or two. He had begrudgingly agreed to take his onesie, so he may've listened to her regarding warm clothes as well. Here it was, Autumn, and the kid was packing shorts and t-shirts for a trip south! Madness.

Great. Now she needed to pee. The water, coffee, and energy drink had apparently started working its way through her. She could go back into the gym again, but she'd need to scan her card again, which was in her purse, which was in the trunk. She sighed, crushing her smoke out with a sneakered foot, and kept twisting her leg indecisively for a few seconds afterwards. Too much effort. She'd pee at home, probably in the shower.

As she drove, her need started to increase quickly, as all the fluids she'd consumed kept filtering through her. Stopped at a red light, she twisted uncomfortably in her seat, as a wave of desperation washed over her. She really wanted to squeeze her legs together, but her left foot was holding the clutch pedal in, and anyway, the light was about to change, so she couldn't. Once fourth gear had been selected, her hand found its way into her lap, and she pressed it into the sweaty lycra that was sitting tightly against her even sweatier underpants. The pressure against her pee hole definitely helped, but she had to keep changing gears, so she couldn't leave it there. Urgh! Another waved washed over her, and she could feel her vagina quivering every time she was fortunate enough to hold it.

Sues heart rate increased, and she broke out into a fresh film of sweat. There was no way that she was going to make it home now, and she knew it, cursing herself for not going back into the gym when she'd had the chance. Her mind started racing with every possible doomsday scenario. She would get a flat tyre. There would be an traffic accident. The accident would perhaps involve her. Traffic jam. Breathalyser test. Car jacking. Police chase. Alien invasion. The incredible number of bad things that could possibly delay her, or stop her, was mind blowing.

In the end, none of those bad things happened.

But she did suddenly sneeze without warning.

Sue was lucky at the roundabout, getting a clear space, and was feeling positive as she turned off the main road and into suburbia. Home, and relief, were only minutes away now. She couldn't afford to relax yet, but now there was hope. Shit. Even if she could just get out of the car at least, it would almost be a victory.

Then she sneezed.

Sues stomach muscles contracted, as did her abdomen, and her bladder muscles, forcing a hot jet of piss into her grey bikini cut panties, and ultimately into her grey lycra yoga pants.

"Shitfuck," she grunted, then sneezed again, and the wet spot blossomed larger. Forgetting about changing gears, she let the car rev, even swerving slightly, as she dug her spare hand into her lap.

Sucking in a quivering breath, she checked her mirror, glad no one was immediately behind her. She relaxed, breathed out, and took her hand away to change gears, when she sneezed again.

Sue glanced down in horror at her lap, seeing a salad plate sized wet patch slowly spreading from her crotch to her thighs, and in horror, realised that she was still slowly leaking this time. Grabbing her workout towel from the seat beside her, she wedged it firmly against her pulsating womanhood, clamping her thighs firmly into it, to hold it in place, and after a couple of seconds, the leaking stopped.

Her own bladder control had never quite recovered its former glory after Danny's birth, although with exercise, she had originally recovered nearly completely at first. But, as she got older, (considerably closer to 40 than 30 now,) her bladder muscles had gradually weakened. It was nothing as bad as her sons of course, but she couldn't always laugh, sneeze, cough, or jump, with the same confidence that she'd had before, and especially if her bladder was actually full. She was usually so aware of the possible consequences of letting herself get so full, she was mad at herself for doing it. It simply hadn't seemed so urgent then. Leaving the towel there in case of any further sneezing, she focused on getting home swiftly but safely, and she managed this about four minutes later.

Heaving a sigh of relief as the garage door slowly rumbled down behind the car, she waited for it to fully close before opening her door, and pulling the soggy towel from between her legs, dropping it from her thumb and forefinger onto the cement floor with a wet plop. The interior light showed her grey leggings wet across the front, just like Dans pants sometimes looked, with the warm wetness covering her mound, making her camel toe slightly visible, even through her sodden panties. It radiated out from her pussy in a dinner plate sized stain the embraced the upper inside portion of her thighs. But at least the sneezing had finally stopped.

She was surprised to find the damage to the seat was only minimal, just a tennis ball sized circle. She groped her bum with a probing hand, her bottom only slightly wet around her bum crack, where some wee must've trickled down, but her actual buttocks were dry. Apparently, the towel had sufficed as a reasonable impression of a diaper, absorbing a lot of her urine before it could coat her completely.

She'd clean the car later. Opening the trunk, she took out her purse, and the packet of pull ups.

"Huh. Wish I'd've of put one of you guys on," she said ironically to the diaper package.

The picture on the front showed a boy who only looked about nine, grinning as he sat on his bed in his pyjamas, no trace of pull up visible on his person. It was unlike the baby or toddler ones, that always showed a comfortably diapered youngster happily playing. Being discreet was a lot more important as you got older, she realised. She read the suggested weight range, immediately seeing it was much heavier that the little boy on the front, but probably lighter than what her own little boy now weighed. It's probably why they were leaking on him in bed. Even though they still physically fit him, he was too big for them. "And there's no way I'd even fit into you," she ruefully admitted to the pull ups. "Pity. Urgh!"

This last noise was bought on by another wave of desperation. Her sneezing had squeezed out her excess pee, but she still badly needed to go. Another sneeze or cough, and she'd probably pee everywhere.

Hurrying up the stairs, she paused briefly in her sons room to put his new camouflage pull ups in his secret hiding place in the closet. She usually restocked his diaper supply for him while he was out, taking them from the spare room and putting them in the plastic toy box in his closet. It saved him having to get them himself, and carry them around the house, causing him embarrassment if his dad was home. It was a silly, minor, "mum-type" thing that she had always done since he was a little boy, and because he'd never grown out of his sleep pants, she just kept doing it. These days, she was stocking the toy box with three varieties for him. She knew he was a bit shy about it, but he'd never asked her to stop doing it, so she hadn't.

Inside the box, was an adult pull up, and an adult tape up, which she removed briefly to put the Goodnights in. She flinched a bit, hissing through clenched teeth as her bladder clenched again, pleading for release. Standing as still as a statue, holding the adult products in one hand, she waited for it to pass, afraid to unclench her thighs again just yet. Yuck. Her pants were getting cold now.

"Mighta fitted into you," she absentmindedly admitted to the big nappies she was holding, and once she was confident enough to stand up straight again, she looked more closely at the big pull up. She stretched it open a couple of times, holding it against her waist, checking it for size. She knew it was a "small," but couldn't remember the actual size range that encompassed. But they fit her boy pretty well, so she doubted that they'd be a good fit on her, although she could probably squeeze herself into it if she tried.

The tape up however was a different story. The tapes gave more adjustability, and she'd had to help Danny with them on a few occasions at first, before he became accomplished at it. Danny was a little bit chubby around his belly, although he appeared to be steadily losing his puppy fat, and he still needed to do the tapes up quite a long way in.

She could definitely get one of those on properly.

She had often wondered what wearing a diaper would be like. When Danny was only wearing at night, the thought hadn't occurred to her, but since he'd started wearing during the day, she'd naturally thought about it quite a lot. Mostly, it was concern or worry about whether her boy could get away with it without exposing them. Then she worried about his hygiene, concerned about him getting rashes, and not keeping clean down there.

But since he'd switched to mostly using the big nappies, he'd admitted to her a few times that they were a lot safer, really comfortable, and he'd even freely told her that he used them deliberately sometimes, if he thought it would prevent a later accident. He had sometimes seemed almost happy to wear them, and that in itself had bothered her. Although eventually she judged these as just phases, and he swung between hating diapers, accepting them, liking them, and back to hating once more.

She wondered what her own opinion might be? She decided to find out.

Stepping into her sons bathroom, she ignored the toilet, kicking off her shoes without undoing the laces, which was one of Dans bad habits that always annoyed her. She slid down her wet pants and panties in one motion, using her socked foot to casually flick them into the shower recess. Digging a toe into the back of her socks, she dragged them off as well, regretting it immediately once her bare feet stood on the cool tiles.

Putting a nappy on Danny was easier than putting one on herself, but she had fourteen years of experience to draw upon, and it didn't take long to figure it out. She felt a strange sort of pride that she could fit into a small sized diaper! Supermodels, eat ya heart out!

She waddled like a duck back into Dans room, the unfamiliar feeling of thick padding between her legs making her walk funny at first. She had always imagined it would feel like wearing a sanitary pad in your knickers, but it was actually much more invasive than that, although strangely comfortable and secure feeling as well.

Hobbling to his mirror, she held her shirt up over her still not-too-fat belly, and admired her reflection. It looked weird, and it felt weird. Not bad. Just weird.

Sue had done enough internet research about diapers over the years to be well aware that a lot of people wore them for sexual pleasure, or pretending to be babies, and she thought that was EXTREMELY weird. In the back of her mind, she had wondered if perhaps Dan was growing up as one of those folk? She hoped not, but, at the end of the day, a diaper fetish wouldn't be the end of the world. Besides, her little guy was probably still learning about what made him tick, he'd be sure to go through even more experimental phases as he grew up. She was more concerned about the potential mischief he could get up to with Amy!

Her body flinched again, and she crossed her legs. She was about to lose all control and wet herself. Every fibre of instinct was screaming at her to turn around and take the few steps into the sanctuary of Danny's bathroom, but she resisted. Feeling like she really needed to know exactly what having a pee accident in a diaper was actually like, so she could fully relate to what her child was constantly dealing with. She gritted her teeth, trying to force herself to let go, and put her faith completely in the thick padding that was pressing seductively against her pee hole.

Sue certainly wasn't a complete stranger when it came to wetting accidents, and she was well aware of how messy they could be, and it was hard for her to just trust the puffy pants to contain what was about to happen. Even though she had seen Dan walking around in thoroughly soaked nappies a lot, with his outer pants or sheets still dry, and she knew the sleep pants were effective, it was a lot harder to trust them the very first time she was using one herself.

"Mmmmmm," she bent sharply forward, straining hard to hold on, but trying not to cross her legs, or run away, she couldn't stop herself from gripping the crotch of her nappy tightly. "Uhhhh." A quick shiver, and suddenly she could feel a spreading warmth between her legs. "Ohhh. OH!" Her pussy seemed to spasm, and the dam finally broke wide open, and just like a child having an accident, her legs automatically spread wide open, she bent forward in silence to stare at her pants, and she squeezed her swelling nappy with her hand, feeling it growing larger and hotter as she held it.

From there, she couldn't stop. Her view alternated between watching her hand and nappy from above, to staring at her fidgeting reflection, seeing its legs wobble and its toes digging into the carpet. She peed like a racehorse for a few seconds, but forced herself to not try and stop it, wanting to see if the sleep pants would hold her full, adult sized bladders worth as easily as her child's. She continued wetting herself for over 20 seconds, luxuriating in the spreading warmth that now covered her genitals, watching in the mirror as the magic garment kept growing larger, changing colour from pristine white to pale yellow in the crotch, and it started to sag badly.

Hastily she pulled it up tightly, and just as her stream turned into a trickle, then a drip, she pressed her hand firmly into the cloud again, and a single dribble escaped, slowly tracing a ticklish path to her knee, before 3 single drops fell onto the carpet. Pee on Danny's floor was a common occurrence, and the room was covered in tiny little stains. Her and Pete had often talked about perhaps replacing it with a hard floor, it just hadn't happened yet. She dragged her foot over the fresh drips, rubbing them in.

Collecting her soiled pants from his shower recess, she duck-waddled her way back downstairs on shaky legs, dropping the pants into the machine as she passed. She felt physically spent.

The gym class, the nervous drive home with its wet outcome, the unplanned for desperate hold, and the nervous tension of experimenting with a diaper had left her tired, but at least she no longer felt stressed out. She could certainly understand how her son could take at least a modicum of comfort from wearing these. Sue could only try to imagine what it must be like for Danny to be caught short in public, feeling a big accident about to overwhelm him, but being completely powerless to prevent it. It must be horrible. Way worse than just leaking a bit when you coughed or sneezed. The feeling of impending doom would be terrible, but after her experiment, she could certainly understand why he took some comfort in wearing a diaper, as it definitely would inspire the boy with more confidence. The reason that he and Amy sometimes allowed themselves their "pre-emptive" strikes definitely made more sense to her now.

As her pulse rate continued to gradually return to normal, she sighed, her earlier worry and anxiety now quickly dissipating. She really needed to have a shower, she told herself. But on her way back through the kitchen, she spied her smokes sitting on the bench where she'd left them, and she suddenly wanted one badly.

Knowing that her outside patio area was completely screened off and private didn't stop her from at first hesitating at the door, nervously sticking her head outside first to scan for witnesses. Not seeing any, she felt emboldened, and briskly stepped outside in nothing but her sleeveless workout top and her sagging diaper, and she crossed to the table, sitting in a chair with a wet, squelching sound, and felt a fresh wetness on her inner thigh. Looking down between her legs at her bare feet, she saw a couple of wet drops on the concrete beneath her chair, and resigned herself to the fact that sitting down had made her heavily saturated nappy leak a bit.

Ignoring it, she lit a cigarette with a shaking hand, and inhaled deeply, letting her lungs fill with smoke, and holding it in briefly, before exhaling it out like a dragon. As she relaxed and smoked, her spare hand found its way onto her diaper again, and she spread her legs to allow it better access. Sue smoked, relaxed, and prodded and squeezed at her nappy, pressing it firmly up against her sex, and rubbing it with increasing pressure.

"If only Pete were here," she mused. They could certainly have had some fun without the boy there, maybe doing "it" all over the house, just like they used to do back in the olden days, also known as B.C. Before children. Her rubbing increased in both pressure and intensity as she remembered.

She knew that her personal touch was working herself up, and she needed some release. Thinking about the waterproof vibrator that she kept in her bedside drawer, she smiled to herself, crushed out her butt, and hurried upstairs to get it. Pete had given it to her years ago, when he'd started to go away for work.

"Here honey," he'd said. "Something to remember me with while I'm away! Just don't get toooo attached to it."

She had named it "Plastic Pete," and it kept her sane while her husband was working.

Sue stood in front of her mirror, looking at her diapered reflection. Switching the sex toy on, she caressed her breasts with its vibrating tip, smiling as she saw her nipples getting hard, even through the sports bra that she was wearing. Uttering a soft groan, she ground her thighs firmly together, squeezing more pee from her sodden, sagging diaper, and feeling it trickling deliciously down her legs, making her stop, and wipe the pee away with her hand before it could reach the floor.

Sue hurried into her bathroom, only putting the buzzing toy down long enough to almost rip her shirt and bra off, and drop the heavy nappy onto the floor. She considered her thoughts as she waited impatiently for the shower to warm up before stepping in, Plastic Pete still buzzing merrily in her hand.

Before she could apply him to the part of her body that was already wet before she'd gotten in, she paused, feeling that it was necessary to understand her own thoughts before properly applying her little friend.

After careful consideration, and some internal debate, Sue decided that the actual diapers themselves didn't interest her in the slightest, nor did wetting herself, either deliberately or accidentally.

However, the feelings of naughtiness, safety, and security that a person could get from wearing and using one was very liberating, and a turn-on for that very reason. She had definitely enjoyed the freedom of just being able to let go at will, and the feeling of soft, spreading, puffy warmth against her sex had been divine! That's what had led her to start squeezing and pressing on her vagina with ever increasing vigour, and had led her to this very point. It wasn't actually the nappy or the wetting, but the physical feeling of being wet, and the childish naughtiness of just going potty in her pants that had started to arouse her.

Now, standing blissfully under the hot, running water, she felt like she could easily pee some more.

She delicately lowered her buzzing friend to the junction between her clit and her slit, and gently pressed it on, holding it firmly in place with a shiver. The buzzing pressure was heavenly, and she kept it there, stepping back out of the water to lay her forehead against the cool dry tiles on the opposite side of her shower, then she let go of her bladder, and pushed.

Hot urine spilled forth from her hidden opening, coating her fingers, and Plastic Pete with her bodies sticky waste water. It wasn't the first time that she'd ever gotten pee on her dildo, but it was the first time she'd ever done it on purpose, and it felt very, very good.

As she peed, she inserted the tip into her slippery cleft, gritting her teeth and squeezing her eyes tightly shut, as the pee trickled over her fingers, and the pink plastic shaft started pumping.

In less than a minute, she groaned aloud, dropping the vibrator onto the floor, as the biggest and best orgasm that she'd had in years pulsed through her, eventually sending her sliding almost bonelessly down the wall, to sit panting near the drain, Plastic Pete still buzzing happily away near her feet.

No longer stressed or tired, Sue allowed herself a slight grin of contentment.

