My Husband Ravages Me At The Log Cabin

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2021-01-19 13:40

It's a bright sunny day, there's no one about for dozens of miles in all directions and I'm watching my husband chopping wood. He's got his shirt off and I'm watching sweat drip down his chest, as he swings the axe through log after log and it turns me on so much: His bulging muscles, the strength, the power. I can feel how wet my white thong is.

I'm standing there in a flowery summer dress with a series of black buttons on the front. My hair's done up with a little red ribbon through it. My legs are bare, long and hairless and i'm wearing white thin socks and pink running trainers, with a thin white bra and white thong underneath that is; at this point, very wet. But not just because i'm turned on. I've been desperate to pee since waking up but my man won't let me go. He wouldn't let me when we got out of bed this morning, nor when we were getting dressed; not even after he made me drink a pint of orange juice with our cooked breakfast.

I've been getting more and more desperate, squirming around all morning and even as I watch him now, my legs are trembling from holding it. Little leaks have burst out in my thong once or twice, which have caused me to blush and finger myself furiously; though my husband hasn't seen yet. He's just waiting for me to approach him, as he knows I will.

Finally, I can't hold on much longer and gingerly approach him, as he stops chopping for a moment to look at me with his dark brown eyes:

'John, I need to go, you can't make me hold any longer' I insist, trying to sound tough; placing my arms on my hips.

He looks over me with those eyes of his, mentally undressing me, as I can feel my heartbeat quicken. Suddenly, he slams the axe down into the log and I feel my breath quicken. I've soaked my thong again. I can't tell if it's pee or arousal.

'John, please, this is serious, i'm bursting for the loo. Please let me go' I say, my voice sounding smaller with every word.

'And if I don't?'.

His reply is short, intense and gruff, yet the dark intensity to every word has me trembling and not just from desperation.

'What happens if I don't?' he asks again, as I stare at him fearfully.

He wants to hear me say it. I blush bright red, the words embarrass me; despite everything, and he knows it. He loves it, he wants it, he demands it.

'I'll have an accident' I say quietly.

He looks at me intensely and I can't avoid his gaze.

'I'll wet myself'.

He brings the axe down with a furious crash, splitting the log into three separate pieces, making me leap back with fright. The splinters fly over the ground, as I feel the thinnest tendril of pee snake down the back of hairless leg, my whole body shaking with desperation. He walks towards me, still holding the axe, as I feel unable to move. I'm sweating, trembling; rooted to the ground, as he stands in front of me.

'Are you scared of me?'.

The question runs down my spine and gives me chills, as I can't even look him in the eye.

'You should be'.

The words light a fire inside me and I gasp loudly as I watch him hold the axe inches in front of my chest, at the top of my dress. My shaking is now violent and I can feel a major loss of control from my fear, as several spurts of pee run down my legs and a small stream drips in-between my legs. He says nothing but in one swoop, cuts my dress in half down the seams, as I moan in shock and arousal. Before I can do anything else, he's thrown the axe to the side and grabbed me. My dress is thrown to the side and I leap onto him, our lips crashing together, my soaking wet thong and legs grinding into his cock and chest. He walks us forward several steps; still passionately kissing, as I run my hands over his sweaty body and through his hair.

I kiss into his neck and find a spot spot. His groan nearly makes me cum, as he pushes us both down to the ground, my back slamming into the grass. He has all the power over me and I love it, I want it, I need him to take me. Right here. RIGHT. NOW. But something else is going to happen first, as I feel myself spurt into my drenched thong again and I know i'm at my limit.

'John, I can't hold on'.

My voice is halfway between a whine, sob and moan; as every part of me craves him. His body rests in-between my legs, as he tears off his trousers, exposing his thick, long, hard, meaty cock.

'Then let go'.

Those words are all my body needs to hear and the last of my bladder control snaps. In seconds, I'm wetting myself like a little girl on the grass, my whole body shaking with lust and relief as pee runs down my legs, continues to drench my white thong and as I continue peeing, I feel his strong hands shred my white bra. The act causes me to snap from my desperate haze of relief, where I then scream in pleasure as his cock slides into my still peeing hairless pussy.

'Oh fuck John!'.

I don't know what else to say. Rational thought is rapidly leaving me. His cock grinding hard inside me as I pee is one of the most erotic things I have ever experienced. Its fucking incredible, the way his thickness fills me, spreads me, while I humiliate myself completely. My clit feels like it's on fire and every thrust, every movement of his fingers in gripping my tits, every kiss running down my neck: It feels like bliss.

'Fucking give it to me John, i'm fucking yours, give it to me!'.

All I can do is encourage this, indulge in it; pray it never ends. My piss is soaking my husband's cock as he pounds me and the lubrication is allowing him to slide deeper than ever before, pressing against the walls of my pussy, curving into my G-Spot as I feel myself approach what I know will be an unbelievable climax. I grip his muscles, run my nails down his back, try to thrust myself more but he's dominating me and everything I do just encourages him to take me even harder. To own me. To fuck me. To have me however he wants and that very thought is what sends me flying over the edge of ecstasy. The thought that my husband is fucking me, out in the open, as his beautiful wife wets herself like a little girl and he fucks her like a dirty bitch.

'I'M CUMMING!'.

There's nothing else I can say. Nothing else I can feel. The first wave of this orgasm hits me like a heatwave over every part of my body, sending the world into a void of colours, smells and senses. My husband's sweat. My throbbing, pissing pussy. His thick cock sliding inside my slickened body. I scream and moan and convulse, as I can feel him tighten and increase the pace, going impossibly fast, making me feel like my body's about to explode and then, I feel it. My husband's release has finally come and his semen fills my pussy, pee and cum mixing together as my voice becomes an impossibly high pitched whine. I can feel my legs slamming against the grass repeatedly as his cum hits the walls of my bussy and I fucking love it, his wet cock cumming in me has just made the orgasm even more powerful.

I lose myself to the waves of it, riding ecstasy after ecstasy: Screaming, moaning, convulsing. It is like nothing I have ever felt. I have given myself completely to my man and he has done the same to me. We moan in a mutual climax on unparalleled pleasure, slipping our tongues deep down the others throat, trying to join our bodies even closer as we ride out this moment. Slowly, second-by-second, my climax descends and the waves of pleasure become tingles and finally; a warm afterglow. It radiates through every part of me, like sunlight is bursting from my skin.

My husband retracts from me and I lay over his chest, both of us covered in me pee, as we breathe heavily together for several minutes. He slaps my ass a handful of times, causing me to grin and sink deeper into our cuddle; as he holds me tight. The moment is perfect, silence surrounds us like a blanket and for this moment, this single, perfect moment in time...

We are as happy as two people can ever be.

