Desperate Journey Home

Author: Inactive :(

*000*2015-07-30 04:56

After posting my Omorashi fiction about Kade and Blake, I decided to start working on another story. This one is about Kade and my fursona Scarlet, and their experience while they were on their way to Scarlet's house to work on a school project.

In case you were wondering what the characters in this story look like, I have a couple of reference sheets. :3

Scarlet: http://www.chickensmoothie.com/oekaki/image/image.php?id=2332369&size=large&format=auto&rev=1437543480

Kade: http://www.chickensmoothie.com/oekaki/image/image.php?id=2332024&size=large&format=auto&rev=1437462520

(Lineart is not mine; I used a free lineart on Chicken Smoothie)

###

The hallways were crowded with students as they made their way to the nearest exit. The fire alarm had just went off, and everyone headed out the doors and joined their classes in the field across the road. Scarlet and Kade followed their class to their spot under a tree, where they all sat down and the teacher took attendance.

"In this case, we probably won't get to finish our Chemistry project in time," Scarlet mentioned.

"Darn fire," Kade said. "All we had to do was add our finishing touches, and a couple more pictures."

"Maybe we can work on it before school tomorrow," suggested Scarlet. "Maybe we'll have time?"

"Probably not. I get to school only a few minutes before the bell."

It was more than halfway through eighth hour, and the fire alarm had interrupted them as they were working on their project. At this rate, they would probably have to hand in their project either late or unfinished. Scarlet was the type of girl who preferred to get things finished, but Kade wanted to get the project in on time.

"Maybe we could work on it at your house," said Kade. "I'll have to call my mom first."

As Kade was on the phone with her mother, Scarlet was suddenly aware of her urge to use the bathroom. She hadn't gone since before third hour, and she'd drank a bottle of Gatorade at lunch. There were also occasional visits to the drinking fountain, and she could feel the liquids starting to gradually fill her bladder. Hopefully, there would be enough time to use the bathroom after school. If not, she hoped she could make it home dry.

"She approves," Kade said, after hanging up and putting her phone in her pocket. She was also feeling the need to pee; she first started feeling the need during the previous hour, but didn't have time to use the bathroom, otherwise she'd be late to eighth hour. At the very moment, she could feel herself growing more desperate by the second.

"Awesome," Scarlet replied, pressing her legs together in hopes her desperation wouldn't be noticed. She usually enjoyed being this desperate, but this time she was in public and nearly everyone she knew would see her embarrassment if she wet herself.

Kade noticed Blake nearby, hanging out with his friends from eighth hour gym class. "I'm gonna go talk to Blake," she said to Scarlet. "I'll be right back."

"Okay," Scarlet replied, crossing her legs. After Kade had gotten up, she glanced over and saw her crossing her legs a little bit as she talked to Blake. Is she desperate, too? She silently asked herself. The sound of a fire truck was heard in the distance, and finally it approached the school. After a few minutes, Kade returned to where Scarlet was sitting.

"Apparently there's no fire," Kade said. "Blake and his friends were playing basketball in gym class, and the ball hit the fire alarm thing."

"Good, then hopefully we can go back inside real soon," Scarlet commented. "I really have to pee."

"Me too, I had to go last hour but I didn't have enough time between classes."

Within ten minutes later, the principal, and one of the firemen, announced that everyone could go back inside. Relieved, Kade followed Scarlet as they ran inside to grab their things from their classroom.

"What time is it?" Kade asked, as they were heading down the hallway to the classroom.

Scarlet looked at her watch, then was disappointed. "3:01. The last bell already rang, and the buses should be here to pick us up any minute."

"Darn, not enough time to use the bathroom."

They arrived at the classroom, packed up their things, and ran outside, where everyone was lining up to get on their bus. They quickly made their way to their bus, got on, and sat down.

"How long is it until your stop?" Kade asked.

"Twenty minutes," Scarlet replied. "Do you think you can wait that long?"

"I'm not sure," Kade said, biting her lip.

"Me neither, I drank a bunch of Gatorade at lunch and haven't gone since third hour."

As the bus headed down the road, Kade suddenly brought her paw to her crotch. "I hope I can make it twenty minutes," she said, worriedly.

Scarlet had her legs crossed tightly. "Me, too."

At first, they kept rather subtle about their situation, as the bus was somewhat crowded. But after a few stops, they were almost bouncing in their seat. Scarlet wasn't moving as much as Kade, though. She was a little bit turned on, watching her cross her legs and hearing her subtle moans of desperation. Normally, she wasn't into female desperation, but this time she was quite turned on. Maybe it was the fact that she was seeing this in real life. Usually, she only saw desperation in videos online.

When they arrived at the stop Scarlet got off at, they made their way down the aisle, following everyone else who was getting off. Kade paused for a second to cross her legs, then hurriedly followed Scarlet down the steps and onto the ground.

"My house is about four minutes away," Scarlet told Kade. "Three if we take the shortcut."

After the bus was out of sight, Kade moaned and paused to cross her legs. Scarlet put her paw on her crotch, crossing her legs as well. They were both out of sight from the others, who had walked on ahead, not noticing what was going on.

They made their way down the road, pausing about every thirty seconds to cross their legs and gain control. Scarlet was used to holding for so long and had a rather strong bladder, but Kade was on the verge of wetting herself. Suddenly she felt a dribble escape and knew she probably wouldn't make it to Scarlet's house.

"I'm not sure if I can hold on much longer," said Kade, as she paused to cross her legs tightly.

"You sure?" Scarlet asked.

Kade felt a leak. "I'm pretty sure..." she gasped as another leak escaped. Scarlet could see a small wet spot growing on the crotch of Kade's shorts. Seeing this, she felt herself dribble and put her paw between her legs.

"I just leaked a little," she said. "I'm not far off either."

Kade moaned with desperation and crossed her legs as tight as she could, both paws in her crotch. "I can't move...I'll lose control..."

"Come on, you can do it."

Keeping her paws where they were, she uncrossed her legs and took a few steps forward. Before long, Scarlet's house was in sight. But Kade knew she wouldn't make it. She stopped in her tracks and crossed her legs again, moaning. "I'm about to...oh gosh..."

She felt herself losing control, spurts making their way out and staining her shorts, running down her legs. Finally she gave up, stood still, and flooded her shorts. Pee was streaming down her legs and making a puddle on the ground.

Watching Kade lose control was too much for Scarlet, and she could feel her shorts getting soaked as well, and making a second puddle on the ground. Both of them let out a sigh of relief, as their streams began to slow down, before coming to a stop. Scarlet took a deep breath, relieved that her bladder was now empty, and turned on after what happened.

"You can borrow one of my pairs of shorts," Scarlet offered.

"Thanks," said Kade.

They approached Scarlet's front door and walked inside. Her brother, Kodi, walked into the living room, and saw them in their wet shorts.

"Heh, I thought I was the one with a weak bladder," He commended. Scarlet gave him the middle finger, and Kade giggled as they headed down the hallway to the bathroom.

