Holly

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-04-22 06:16

"Kira, how much longer?" I whispered to my girlfriend. We were in the backseat of Danny's Mitsubishi, heading back into town after a woods party with him and his younger brother. A woods party was very popular among kids our age- a bunch of 14-19 year olds going out into the woods with milk crates and beer, sometimes marijuana. We would start a bonfire and drink and smoke and laugh for hours, not going home until the morning hours.

"Not too long..." She glanced at the way I was seated- my sneaker resting underneath me, the heel pressing into my crotch. "You need the toilet." She said, smiling.

I nodded. "I've broken the seal, and I didn't go before we left." I had been drinking beer all night, and it was hard on my sixteen year old bladder.

Kira reached out and lightly grazed my lower stomach with her hand. "I can feel your bladder." She whispered.

I knocked her hand away and squirmed, pushing myself into the heel of my sneaker. "Don't, I'll piss!" I hissed at her.

"Are you alright back there?" Danny asked from the front seat.

"Sure," Kira replied, "Holly just needs a piss."

Danny and his brother locked eyes, burst out laughing and began chanting "BROKE THE SEAL! ORE! ORE!" and his brother clapped his hands together like the animal.

I couldn't help but laugh, and a shot of pee shot into my knickers. I quickly shoved my fingers against my pee hole and told Danny, "If you don't stop making me laugh, I'm going to mess your car!"

We settled down and Danny turned the music up. Kira shifted toward me in the backseat and whispered, "I bet I could help you hold it."

When I don't respond, she gently unbuckles my jeans and pulls down the zipper. "Your knickers are wet." She remarked, "is that from wee or something else?"

I bit my lip and answered, "It's piss, Kira."

She used her other hand to moved my foot from under me, and immediately pressed her fingers against me to keep the flood back. She then began rubbing me through my damp underwear. My sensations were heightened, whether due to my full bladder, or the alcohol i had consumed. She began to rub faster as my body responded to her touch. I leaned in and whispered, "If you don't stop I'm going to cum."

"Good" Kira whispered back, rubbing faster.

I gripped her thigh with my hand as I tried my best to be quiet. My body arched as I came, and a small moan escaped me, which thank goodness, the music masked. Kira removed her hand from my jeans, but left me unbuttoned.

As soon as my nether regions had calmed down, I was desperate once again. I held myself mercilessly. Eventually, I told Kira, "I can't hold it."

"There's nowhere to stop, it's three in the morning, sweet."

"I know." I grimaced, rocking back and forth. The pressure in my stomach was unbearable, and my muscles weak from beer.

"Just let a little out, and then try to make it home."

I shook my head. "I won't be able to stop it." I bit my lip as a warm spurt escaped, lasting a few seconds. I could feel the dampness of my jeans on my fingers.

Danny chose then to turn around, and seeing the state I was in, he lowered the radio and said "You weren't kidding. You'll be okay?"

I shook my head. "I'm bursting."

Kira placed her hand on my thigh and gave it a comforting squeeze.

I began to leak again, this time for longer. My pants were becoming quite wet, and so was the seat, I'm sure.

"I'm wetting myself; It keeps coming out." I whispered to Kira.

"Danny, we need to stop."

"There's nowhere to stop, you ninny." He retorted.

Another spurt escaped, and I just couldn't stop it. I let out a small cry as the warmth spread under my bum and to my thighs, soaking into the car seat and eventually reaching my knees. I emptied myself uncontrollably; it felt like gallons of piss. An audible hiss could be heard the entire time, and all Danny said was, "It's alright, Holly, happens to the best of us."

Kira rubbed my back with her hand as I finished relieving myself. It felt better than when I had cum.

"Feel better at least?" Kira murmured, and I nodded. "Good, because when we get home, I might have to ravish you."

