Dungeons & Desperation - a CYOA

Author: anonymous guy choc

*000*2014-06-15 06:32

(quick recap of what I write below if tldr)

{{:

I'm going to make a fantasy choose your own adventure game inspired by dungeons and dragons. You'll play the part of a new adventurer girl set out on her own in the harsh, unforgiving, bathroom-rare kingdom of Yellowstream. Your first task is to choose a name, race, and class from the list at the bottom of this post.

}}

Picture a world lost to time.

A world of wizards and warlocks, of adventure and altruism, of Fighters and firelords, of Dragons and... desperation? Well, I suppose even noble heroes have to pee once in a while.

But what is this world? and who are you? What are you even doing here?

I'm an adventurer!

An adventurer? You're nothing but a formless spirit.

Okay... well... I'm going to be an adventurer once character creation is over with.

Ah. But who's playing this game?

That would be them.

Oh! Hello. We're in a bit of a bind. My name is fate; I decide the whims of the world, as well as directing souls into new bodies. It seems today that you lot have your chance at my job. Don't get too haughty now; You're only going to be directing this one.

Hello!

First thing's first. She needs a name and a body. Since there's a few of you we'll put this to a vote; in the case of a tie I'll break it. The name can be whatever you wish so impress me, and she'll also need a race and adventuring class. You have these to pick from:

Race Selection

Human - Not very special. Has the best luck. Bladder capacity: standard.

Elf - 1 extra minor spell known (regardless of class.) can see in darkness, automatically trained in all bows. can run faster than all other races. Bladder capacity: Low

Dwarf - Tough, but not very likable. Can see in darkness, hates open spaces, loves closed spaces, special affinity for stonework. Bladder capacity: high

Gnome - Charming, but brittle and weak. Special affinity for illusions. Can perform minor magic tricks regardless of class. notably smaller than humans. Bladder capacity: low

Tiefling (part demon) - quick and smart, yet no one likes you (wonder why.) Evil taints soul, making you more likely to do harsh things. Can see in dim light. Resistance to fire. bad luck. bladder capacity: standard

Class Selection

Fighter - Trained to wear heavy armor and fight will all manner of weapons at close or long range.

Wizard - Long studies have made you a spellcasting powerhouse. You are the undisputed master of the arcane.

Rogue - Time on the streets has given you the power to strike quickly, move quicker, and take what you want by any means necessary.

Cleric - You call upon divine magic to smite your foes and heal your friends.

Psion - You are a conduit of psychic magic. Where wizards spend long hours studying formulas and writings, you spend an eqaul time meditating and focusing your inner power to use your mind as the greatest weapon you have.

(note: I may do a few drawings for this, but it will mostly be written. and don't worry; the main focus will of course be on desperation and wetting. I will try to update this a minimum of once a week.)

*011*2014-06-15 19:33

Did not expect this kind of turn out, however i did kinda expect elf. :P

Current votes are as follows:

Race selection

Gnome: 1

Elf: 7

Tiefling: 1

Class selection

Rogue: 2

Psion: 7

I'll leave this up for a day or so and we should have our character ready soon.

Yay! I wanna get my body!

Patience unformed. Patience.

You're gonna make me wait a lot, aren't you?

{{:

Rainyday

Tiefling looks like the most interesting race

Tiefling Cleric would be really interesting, but Rogue would also woorrkk ouuutt

Name cannot be decided until we know whooo we aaarrree

(Also I've added this story to the list

)

}}

I did not know there was a list. I'll have to check that out.

*014*2014-06-15 21:35

{{:

I vote for Klara, the dwarven cleric!

What rulebook are psions from?

}}

Psions are in player's handbook 3 for 4E, as well as 3 other psionic classes.

*020*2014-06-17 02:20

Alright I think it's about time we wrapped up this portion of character creation. The votes are in and Elven Psion has won by a landslide.

Ooh. Can I read people's minds? Or use telekinesis? or -

Not yet unformed. Two more things before we can get going. #1 you still need a name. #2 I've got to select your parents.

Oh right!

Yes. So, we need a name for ourselves and also a bit about our ancestry. I'll give you a few premade options but if you can come up with something better then by all means give it to me.

Parental selection:

Farmers in an old village tucked away in the woods. (extra toughness and nature skills. Starting gold: low)

Nobles among a proud and glorious city. (bonuses to diplomacy and charm, but a penalty to general knowledge of the world. Starting gold: highest.)

Beggars on the street. (bonuses to sneaking, thievery, and intimidation. starting gold: lowest.)

Merchants among a caravan. (bonus to barter and start with a map of the world. starting gold: high.)

Fellow Psions in a monastery. (More powerful psionic magic. bonus to arcane knowledge. Starting gold: 0.)

Members of the city guard. (added weaponskill. bonus to toughness. starting gold: average.)

