Lea's Despration

Author: Mihataki

*000*2010-07-11 00:42

Disclamer: I do not own Kingdom hearts or any of the characters within this fic. They are own by disney and Squarenix. This is in fact a male omorashi fic. You have been warned.

Why didn't Lea go to the bathroom when he first felt the need? The young redhead knew he had to go halfway during his last period, but chose to wait until he got home. What he didn't know was that his parents and Isa's parents had decided to go out for the evening, forcing Lea to go sleep over at his friends house. Normally, that wouldn't have been a problem, but going to Isa's house meant having to go on the train. So there was no time to go to the bathroom after classes were over. And so began Lea's desperate wait for the bathroom.

It wouldn't have been so bad if Lea could have sat down in a seat, but unfortunately for him, all the seats were taken, meaning the boy had to stand through the train ride. This meant he had to try to control two things. One being his balance; which took a lot of effort in a moving train, the other was his bladder. The occasional bump caused him to jerk around a bit, but his control was still good, even if it felt like he was about to burst from the pressure in his lower abdomen. He was just glad that the trip from the train station to Isa's home wasn't that long.

Lea now stood in Isa's kitchen. To his despair, Isa had beaten him to the bathroom. Now his bladder was at it's limit, and Lea didn't know how much longer he could hold his pee in for. He tried his best to keep himself from thinking about it, but the urges were just growing stronger. The boy rub his stomach with one hand as he held onto his penis with the other thru his pants, wiggling around and crossing his legs in hopes that he wouldn't have an accident.

Fifteen minutes had already past since Isa had gone to the bathroom, and Lea was sure his friend had to be done soon. The redheaded boy was now standing completely still. His knees were shaking underneath him as he tried so hard to focus on not wetting himself. As soon as he took one step, he felt little bit of pee squirt out from is penis. That was when he realized there was no stopping it now. Instead of resisting, lea relaxed himself to let himself go.

At first, the pee came out in very tiny spurts. They would hit the fabric of Lea's boxers, He tried to relax more to let out more of his need. Success! Though it was a slow stream, the urine started making it's way into the fabric of Lea's beige Khaki's and gently in slow drips down his legs.

Lea grabbed hold of his crotch a little tighter, feeling the pee gently fall into his hand. More of it made down his legs slow;y reaching his socks and going over his feet; however, it still wasn't enough. Lea wanted to be emptied of pee, so he relaxed himself some more and took in a deep breath.

Now his bladder was emptying itself at an amazing rate. The urine actually was spraying from the bottom of Lea's pants and making it's way onto Isa's kitchen floor. The puddle grew at his feet into a miniature pond.

When the last of it squirted out of his cock, Lea felt so good. Aroused even! But as he looked at the puddle, a sudden shame washed over him. What would Is think once he would see this mess? The guilt of knowing Isa would most likely be the one to clean it up made Lea bite onto his lip and he dropped onto his knees into his mess.

“Lea?” Isa's voice called out. “Are you feeling okay?” Lea looked up and saw his best friend looking so very worried about him. The redheaded boy looked away and fought back a few tears.

“Isa... I'm so sorry. I tried so hard to hold it... but it was just too much! I couldn't-” Lea felt a hand take hold of his, and saw a gentle smile wash over his friend.

“It's okay. I'll just go run a bath for you. After that we can have dinner.”

