Hitachiin twins

Author: Secretboy

*000*2015-02-17 02:24

This is a roleplay I did with a friend over kik, he wants to be referenced as fandom_yaoi_roleplayer. He's Kaoru and I'm Hikaru. If you guys like it I'll post more of it.

Kaoru was sleeping quietly, It was quite early in the morning and they didn't have school considering they were on break. The slight jingle of Kaoru's phone could be heard which was followed by a loud buzzing. The younger twin furrowed his eyebrows and turned over "Hikaru...." He whined out, keeping his eyes closed as he was still tired "can you answer it?" He questioned, putting the pillow over his own head to try and avoid the annoying ringing of his phone, turning over as he stole most of the blankets from over Hikaru in hopes that the cold air would wake him up faster

Hikaru felt cold air hit him and groaned. He pulled them back and tried to go back to sleep but was instantly aware of a desperate need to pee.

Kaoru had to go to the bathroom too but he really didn't want to get up, the warmth instantly made him fall back asleep. He was really tired. Kaoru squirmed a little but since he had fallen asleep he couldn't hold it for very long because he wasn't able to hold his bladder as he was asleep. His eyebrows furrowed lightly as the warm liquid began to leak out of him, a small groan leaving him before a deep blush of realization spread over his face and a warm puddle formed under him. Kaoru squeaked and quickly sat up "o-oh gosh....I knew I shouldn't have drank all that water before bed..." He whimpered, biting his lip as he looked away shyly

Hikaru watched Kaoru blush as he peed and felt his heart melt.

"It's Ok, Kaoru." Hikaru placed a hand on Kaoru's shoulder and felt a strong twinge in his own bladder.

"Would it make you feel better if I peed my pants too?

He bit his lip slightly and looked down shyly, the front of his boxers soaked as well as the sheets under him. Kaoru had quite a small bladder so this happened quite a bit when he drank too much. Kaoru blushed even deeper at the others comment and he slowly nodded "I-I guess so...." He squeaked out embarrassed before looking over at the other shyly

Hikaru had to put so much effort into taking his eyes of Kaoru's wet boxers.

"Ok, little brother." Hikaru teased, and released his bladder, and watch pee pool under him. It was a lot bigger than Kaoru's, because despite being twins he had a much bigger bladder.

"That better?"

He watched, not thinking he would actually do it. His eyes widened slightly and he nodded a little "y-yes...." Kaoru stuttered out, squirming a little as his wet boxers stuck to his skin. The younger twin bit his lip embarrassed, kinda enjoying the warmth of it. He sighed softly "the sheets will have to be cleaned now...."

"Don't worry, the maids can so it." Hikaru reached our and ruffled his brothers hair.

"What do you want to do today Kaoru?"

Kaoru nodded softly at Hikaru's comment and he smiled softly, feeling a bit better now but he was still embarrassed about the fact he had wet the bed on accident. He spread his legs a little as he was still sitting up, trying to make the stickiness less uncomfortable. "I-I'm not sure...." He said softly before thinking for a moment "is there anything you'd like to do?"

"Would you like to go an amusement park? There's a new one in Tokyo." Hikaru said.

"Why don't you take those wet undies off buddy?" Hikaru said, taking his own wet boxers off.

He nodded slightly "I suppose that sounds ok....should we invite someone? Or do you want to just go together?" Kaoru asked before blushing and lifting himself a little, peeling the wet boxers off of himself and setting them aside, moving out of the puddle that was under him. He looked down at his legs which were practically soaked "I-I think I need to take a shower though...." He mumbled, biting his lower lip once again

"Just us Kaoru." Hikaru said, wrapping an arm around his brother.

"Let's go shower together." He said leading Kaoru into their huge bathroom and turning the shower on. He got in and turned to Kaoru.

"You coming?"

He nodded and followed the other, watching him step inside. He nodded once again in response to the other and he stepped inside. Kaoru was used to showering with him so he wasn't too embarrassed by it. He huffed and stepped under the water, lifting one of his legs slightly as he started to wash it

"Let me." Hikaru cooed, reaching over to wash Kaoru's legs.

He smiled softly and blushed shyly "t-thanks...." He said embarrassed as he looked down at his twin, spreading his legs a little to make it easier

"No problem." Hikaru finished washing Kaoru and jumped out if the shower.

"Let's go get changed!" He grinned.

He giggled softly and smiled, nodding as he followed his brother out of the shower happily, feeling less embarrassed about his incident now. Kaoru reached over and turned off the water, handing his brother a towl

"Thanks." Hikaru said, taking the towel from his brother.

"Here." Hikaru tossed Kaoru a green shirt and khaki pants as he put on an almost identical.

He dried off and smiled "thank you." He said, slipping on the shirt before blushing and scratching the back of his neck "c-can you had me a new pair of boxers?" Kaoru stuttered before looking down embarrassed for asking

"Of course." Hikaru through his brother a pair. He pulled his clothes on,

"Ready to go?"

"Almost" he commented before slipping on the boxers and slipping on the khaki's "now I am." He nodded, smiling softly

Hikaru grabbed Kaoru's hand and grabbed his hand and out to the limo.

He handed Kaoru a bottle of coke and took a chug of his own.

He followed him happily and chuckled a little, holding the coke with one hand. Kaoru looked at it nervously, not wanting to drink too much knowing he would make a mess of himself again. He shrugged and reassured himself that he could hold it till they got there if he really had to go. Kaoru drank most of it in just a few chugs before looking over at his brother

Hikaru wiped his mouth as he finished his coke.

"Want to stop somewhere for breakfast?" He asked, stretching lazily.

Kaoru did the same as he finished his own "hmm...." He thought for a moment before shrugging lightly "if you want to. I'm not really hungry." He said, smiling at the other

"Liar! I'm starving! We'll just stop and the drive thru then, it's a long ride." Hikaru said, leaning forward to give these instructions to the driver.

"Two orders of hot cakes and two cokes." Hikaru ordered for both of them.

He pouted "hey don't call me a liar!" Kaoru huffed "just because you're hungry doesn't mean I am...." He giggled, scooting closer to his brother and leaning back. Kaoru whined and nuzzled his brothers shoulder when he ordered the coke "Hikaru.....y-you know what's going to happen if I drink to much...." He mumbled, looking down embarrassed

"Yeah you do get pretty hyper Kaoru, but so do I." Hikaru laughed, handing the food and large coke to Kaotu.

He gulped slightly and scratched the back of his neck nervously, that wasn't what he meant...kaoru huffed and quietly started to eat, finishing his coke soon after

Hikaru wolfed his food down. Then pounced on Kaoru.

"Are you excited??

He giggled a little and looked up at him "yeah....we haven't been there in a long time" He smiled, although, he was extremely nervous. Kaoru tried to force himself to hold it, not wanting to wet himself before they even got there

Hikaru grinned, feeling very childish.

"Tickle fight!" He screamed, tickling Kaoru on his belly and under his arms,

Kaoru squeaked slightly. He laughed cutely and tried to push the other male off of him "h-hikaru....come o-on!" He laughed out, his knees buckling as he squirmed around a little

"NEVER!" Hikaru yelled, moving to Kaoru's weakest spot, his feet.

Kaoru laughed a bit louder and pressed his thighs together tightly, close to peeing his pants "Hikaru....s-stop!" He squeaked, panting a little as he laughed a bit more

Hikaru laughed harder, continuing to tickle his brother.

"I always loved this." Hikaru said. Tickling Kaoru with one hand and rifling his hair with the other.

His hands quickly cupped over his crotch as he squeaked slightly "I-I'm going too....nnh~" he trailed off before letting out a slight moan, he gripped on to his crotch a bit but he couldn't hold it. His face flushed red as the warm liquid trickled down his pant legs and into his shoes, the front of his pants and his hands getting soaked as he tried to make himself stop, his hands grabbing at his wet crotch as he tried to stop the stream

*002*2015-02-22 01:48

{{: 

This is so sweet

}}

Seeing as you seem to like it, I decided to post some more. :)

"Kaoru..." Hikaru said gently. He wrapped his arms hesitantly around the younger twin.

"I'm sorry Kaoru."

He moaned a little "nnh~...s-so warm...." He mumbled out shyly, not wanting to admit that it felt pretty good. Kaoru's hands stayed at his crotch area as he bit his lower lip, letting it all just flow out of him, a puddle starting to form on the seat and floor underneath him

"Kaoru..." Hikaru's eyes widened.

"You like this?" Hikaru asked in disbelief.

Kaoru's eyes widened and he looked at the other embarrassed, his face flushing red at the comment "n-no.....it just feels g-good letting it out after having to pee so bad..." He squeaked, looking down shyly. He thought foreshore if the other found out he would be weirded out by him

"Oh..." Hikaru was disappointed. He suddenly released his bladder pee spreading down his legs and pooling on the chair.

"Because I do, Kaoru."

Kaoru watched him shyly and his eyes widened slightly. Then bit his lower lip as he looked down at the others pants, finally admitting it "t-then I guess we really are identical.....I was afraid you would think I was weird..." Kaoru said embarrassed, scooting closer to the other male

Hikaru wrapped his arm around Kaoru,

"Of course we are," he said softly pulling him into an embrace.

He wrapped his arms around him happily and blushed deeper, hiding his face away from the other male shyly. He was still pretty embarrassed

"Shall I get you out of those wet clothes?" Hikaru I suggested, quickly pulling his own clothes off and sitting naked in the back of the limo.

Kaoru bit his lip as he watched his older twin take off his clothes, it was still pretty embarrassing for him to watch even though they got naked in front of each other all the time. Kaoru thought for a moment before nodding a little "o-ok...."

Hikaru smiled and advanced towards Kaoru, slipping his shirt off him, and moving down to his belt. He unbuckled it slowly, an then began to pull his soaked pants off.

He bit his lip and looked away shyly, getting quite embarrassed from it. "Thanks...." He mumbled quietly, obviously extremely embarrassed about it

Hikaru just smiled in response and he caressed Kaoru's underwear off.

"I still think I'm bigger." He laughed.

Kaoru rolled his eyes and blushed more. He climbed up in the others lap "let's measure then." He chuckled

Hikaru blushed as Kaoru climbed onto his lap. "Ok..." He grinned.

"But you know Kaoru, we have to be hard to measure properly..."

"Welll, what are you waiting for Kaoru? Do you need help?" Hikaru cooed.

He blushed deeply "I-I don't need help..." The younger twin squeaked. He gulped slightly and wrapped a hand around his member shyly "you're doing your own...." Kaoru said while blushing, even more embarrassed by the fact he was on Hikaru's lap

"Well of course I can only do one at a time, silly." Hikaru blushed.

"I was thinking we could do each other?"

Kaoru gulped slightly before moving his hand off his own "oh....o-ok." He said embarrassed before reaching out and wrapping his hand around the others member shyly

Hikaru smiled and reached out, wrapping his hand around Kaoru's member. He started softly stroking it.

He looked down embarrassed, gently starting to pump the others length. Kaoru hid his face a bit and let out a quiet moan before biting his lower lip shyly

