Gone Away - Page 3

Author: MagicMike123

*050*2015-12-06 23:05

{{:

I dont think making someone hold it in is going to increase bladder strength. maybe it's just slavery. LIKE AMERICA!

}}

I think it could in some cases, but making someone repeatedly hold it could probably give them a UTI, and might (for a small amount of time) decrease how much they can hold. I was already thinking that when I was writing it, but then I thought, what the hell does Becky know?

*055*2016-01-03 04:45

{{:

Still waiting for an update on this. Hope one comes soon.

}}

I am trying to find time to push one out, I've been really busy recently but I will get one out soon.

*058*2016-01-03 19:27

I just wanted to let you guys know, I have just started work on chapter 5. I do have an ending in mind, although you guys are going to need to wait a few more chapters for that. Chapter 5 should be out in the next two or three days. Stay tuned and thank you all for being patient. I am glad you are enjoying it so far. Remember to check back soon.

*061*2016-01-03 22:07

{{:

I find this story interesting as I enjoy Becky teasing Alyssa would love to see if. All this holding that Alyssa is doing somehow leads to her wetting more often say. Once the two weeks are done as her bladder muscles might be weakened some. I'm not sure if you take ideas but I'd find it fun that say Becky let's Alyssa invite a friend over at some point which could lead to Becky having fun with the friend and Alyssa for a chapter.

}}

I might do something with that idea, thank you. I know it would be good for Alyssa to have a friend come over, who wants to be almost completely alone for two weeks? I was thinking about how all the holding could weaken the bladder, and how she might run in to problems once she gets back, such as incontinence during the night and day.

*063*2016-01-11 22:41

*Here's the next installment, a following one should come this weekend or during next week. Enjoy.

Gone Away

Chapter 5: At Night

Becky brought Alyssa down stairs, locking the door. She really hoped that she could hold it. She could only imagine what tomorrow would bring. Holding it in public, she cringed at the thought. She prayed no one she knew would be at the mall. But. Another thought crossed her mind. Hours of being in public, out of the house. But what did that grant her? It granted her to the ability to run like hell for help. With that many people, someone would have to help her. She could find security, and if they didn’t help her, she had another plan in mind. If she did find someone she knew, she could always run to them. They would not be fooled by any excuses Becky prompted them with.

Alyssa assumed she would be visiting the local mall. Springs mall. She knew a lot of her friends shopped there, and surely they would help her.

Now she had a plan. All she needed to do was to act on it.

Alyssa quickly felt her bladder filling up, with over an hour still left. Alyssa was worried she would not make it, especially considering her recent accidents. Her bladder had grown tired of the constant holding and it seemed like it became harder to hold it, while more and more was expected from Alyssa’s bladder.

After only ten more minutes, her bladder felt full. Alyssa really hoped she would not have to be put in diapers, but she started to feel something else building along with her need to pee, the urge to poop. Luckily Alyssa could hold off pooping for a fair amount of time, but she found that when she really needed to go, she had to go, as her body usually had loose movements. That would be a problem, but she was sure she could wait, at least until the break she had in an hour.

Alyssa’s thoughts were interrupted by a sharp prong to her bladder, forcing her to dance around a bit to regain her bladder strength. Her bladder really started to feel full. She wondered if when Becky went out for a bit, she could take a break and use one of those diapers on the shelf. The package for one of them was open and she was sure it would go easily unnoticed by Becky if Alyssa slipped a diaper. It really depended on how much she was given to drink, Becky would definitely notice if Alyssa went up to pee and came out dry.

Alyssa was hit with another prong, one that warranted grabbing herself. She wished she could be a boy, able to grab themselves with much more effect, or at least she thought. How did she end up like this? Why did she have to end up with the sadistic baby sitter who was all about pee, of all things? Why her? Why? She just had to hope for tomorrow, and she really did hope that she could get away, and she prayed she did not have an accident in public. And if anyone saw her… That would surely be the end of her.

Alyssa’s bladder really started to fill, and she started to fidget. She had once again more liquid in her bladder than she could handle. She now had about 45 minutes of holding left. Her bladder felt full and started to hurt. A small leak developed, dampening Alyssa’s panties. Alyssa hiked up the leg of her jean shorts, and inspected her panties, only to find a small wet spot on the front. Just as she was putting the leg back down, a spurt came out. She grabbed her crotch, another small wet patch developing on the leg of her shorts. Alyssa crossed her legs, and jammed her hand back in her crotch, holding it firmly.

After another 25 minutes, with only 20 minutes left, her bladder was bulging. Alyssa had to continuously dance around to contain all of her urine. She now had a large wet patch on her crotch, and she was slowly leaking out. Only 20 more minutes and she could pee, she just hoped she could last the night. Alyssa’s bladder tingled, pee forced against her urethra, trying to almost pry it open. Her bladder had a large bulge, crushed by Alyssa’s tight locked belt. Alyssa crossed her legs, regaining control slowly. Alyssa’s bladder was at maximum capacity. 20 minutes later, with a large wet patch on her crotch.

“Okay Alyssa, let’s go use the bathroom”, said Becky, as shew came down the stairs.

Just the thought made Alyssa spurt, a few drops dripping down Alyssa’s legs as she was led upstairs. When Becky unlocked Alyssa, she released a powerful torrent, pee splashing back up on her behind. When she was done, Alyssa was given her two glasses of water before bed, and was put down to sleep, her bladder filling as she fell in to a deep sleep.

*066*2016-01-11 23:53

{{:

That was a very good chapter

}}

{{:

I really really like this story

}}

Thank you. There is plenty more on the way.

*070*2016-02-01 02:39

Here's the next chapter, sorry for the long wait. Enjoy.

Gone Away

Chapter 6: The Mall

Alyssa awoke with a startle. Pee was trying to force itself out of Alyssa’s urethra, Alyssa jamming her finger in her crotch to stop it. It appeared those two glasses before bed had really gotten to her. Instead of being easier, it sometimes felt that it was becoming increasingly hard to hold an amount she could normally hold for longer. It also appeared that she had to use her extremities to hold herself more often, not being able to rely as much on her bladder muscles. This was troubling to Alyssa, as she was only a few days in to holding, and Becky was going to expect her to hold much more than she already could. She was unsure how she would survive the next week and a half. She just had to persevere. In a little while, Becky came down.

“Good morning Alyssa”, she said in a cheery voice.

“Becky”, Alyssa responded, “Please hurry, let me out I am about to have an accident”.

Becky came over and unlocked Alyssa’s crib, Alyssa getting out and holding herself. Other than the locked pair of jean shorts, Alyssa stood naked.

“I came down before to check on you, and you were squirming in your sleep”, Becky said.

“Okay that’s fine, just please let me pee!”, Alyssa responded.

Becky took Alyssa to the toilet, unlocked her, and let her go. Alyssa sprayed out a forceful stream in to the toilet that lasted for almost a minute, and then finished up. She took a nice long shower where she let the rest that accumulated up in her bladder down the drain. It felt so amazing to be able to pee freely for once in the last few days. And there it was again. She felt the urge to poop. This was quite troubling, as she was going to be out at the mall for hours. Hopefully she could go when she got back.

When Alyssa got out of the shower, Becky dried her hair and body with a towel. Alyssa still felt a little funny that her babysitter was drying her nude body with a towel, even after all that had already happened.

As Becky was about to bring Alyssa back downstairs, Alyssa stopped her.

“Becky, what if I needed to poop while we were shopping today?” Alyssa asked.

“You would have to hold it”, Becky responded, “you know that I said you are only allowed to poop during the scheduled bathroom breaks”.

“I’m worried, because I really have to poop now”, Alyssa said.

“Well, that’s just too bad, I wouldn’t have stopped you from going before your shower” Becky replied.

I didn’t have to go before my shower.

Alyssa frowned at her thoughts.

Becky’s thoughts started to brew, now knowing Alyssa had to use the bathroom…

It wasn’t likely that Alyssa would mess herself at the mall, but she knew with a large meal, snacks, and the help of some foreign substances, that she would indeed witness some serious suffering on Alyssa’s part. Becky was aroused just at the thought.

After Alyssa was dressed and locked back up, she was given a full bottle of water at breakfast, and a small bottle of juice for the ride. As Alyssa stepped outside, she felt the hot sun on her skin. It had been a few days since she had last felt the amazing feeling. It was just a shame that she would have to spend her nice day needing to pee, and feeling like her body was going to explode from not pooping in a few days.

Becky buckled Alyssa in to the backseat, and they took off for the mall. About 15 minutes in, Becky had had Alyssa finish her bottle of juice. Soon, she spoke up.

“Umm, Becky, we passed the mall miles ago” Alyssa said.

“I know, we’re going to a different one, next town over”, Becky responded.

Alyssa sighed with relief, that meant that she would not run in to any friends. But… That also meant that she would have less of a chance of people helping her, no one she knew, all strangers.

When they arrived, Becky got out and walked over to Alyssa’s side of the car.

She spoke sternly,

“Alyssa, do not try to pull anything, I swear, I will put you on water torture until your bladder pops, I swear to god, now let’s go”.

Alyssa and Becky walked in to the mall, her bladder already filling.

“Becky, where are we going first?”.

“Food court”, Becky replied.

“Wait, but I thought we were going shopping first”, Alyssa said.

“I had a change of mind while we were driving, I thought, what’s the fun of having a full bladder just on the way home, and not during the trip?”, Becky responded.

They walked in to the food court, and Becky bought Alyssa a large lemonade and pretzel. After she paid, they went to sit back down at a small table in the corner of the food court.

Alyssa took a bite of her pretzel, and then sat for a few moments.

“What do you think you’re doing?”, Becky asked sternly.

“Eating”, Alyssa replied, confused.

“Drink, did you think I was going to let you drink half of it and have you throw it away? I want that entire thing finished in the next ten minutes”, Becky said.

Alyssa became worried, but she had to obey Becky.

Alyssa started to gulp down the drink, beads of water appearing on her cup. She then finished it, along with her pretzel.

“Okay, now let’s go shopping”, Becky said.

Becky and Alyssa went to the first store and picked out a few pairs of jean shorts. Becky took Alyssa in to the changing room, which was luckily mostly empty.

“Alyssa, you know what to do”.

Alyssa took her pants off, and put them on the bench.

“Lie down”, Becky said.

Alyssa lied down on the bench, Becky pulling up her shirt, and pushing on her bladder. It made her need to pee, but Alyssa was still fine for the moment, but her stomach hurt as she felt her bladder continue to fill up.

Becky felt Alyssa’s crotch, checking for wetness.

“Good”, Becky said, “now let’s just hope you stay that way”.

*072*2016-02-01 02:56

{{:

Hope she can make it without messing herself, as I'd rather see her wet herself which is what I normally prefer.

}}

I am probably not going to have her mess for a few episodes, in the next one I think I am going to have her make it to a toilet so she doesn't mess, but I can't say that for her bladder

*074*2016-02-21 01:15

Sorry it's been so long since the last update came out guys. I haven't been able to work on it for a while, but another chapter should be out by tomorrow. Thank you for being patient, stay tuned!

