Surprising memories; unknown desires

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2012-08-27 02:32

It was getting dark by the time the police apprehended the bank robbers and the lockdown at Northwest High school was cancelled. Endless lines led to crowded bathrooms. Not a few male students showed telltale dark stains in the crotches of their trousers. Some jokes about it; most hung their heads and kept their hands in their pockets. You couldn't tell about the girls; they wore skirts; but Kaylie knew she was not the only one with wet panties.

Presently the school buses arrived and the school emptied. Students were walking funny and the bus quickly began to smell like pee. Kaylie would be glad to get home. Still, certain feelings lingered. As terrified as she had been of peeing her panties, when she finally did it out of desperation deliberately, it was a surprisingly exillerating feeling. Of course, the relief was Heavenly; but the spreading warmth between her legs and under her bottom was strangely titillating. Yes, Kaylie had to admit, she had enjoyed peeing her panties. "Am I wierd?" she wondered.

Then there was Lloyd. He was so cute holding himself and gritting his teeth. And when he finally peed his pants, he looked so pitiful, Kaylie almost wanted to hug and comfort him. And his wet pants: Great Scott how hot he was with pee stains spreading down his pants legs. Kaylie wondered what it felt like when a boy peed his pants. A boy's penis served him, both for urination, and for sex. Was there a connection? Did a boy get sexually aroused when he peed his pants? Did he get hard; cum? And when a boy felt sexually aroused, did that make him have to pee? Was he likely to pee himself in sexual situations.

Kaylie knew that sex made her have to pee. Once Jason, an early boyfriend, had kissed her goodnight, and she had squirted pee in her panties, until a drop actually ran down her right leg. She remembered the occasion well. She was mortified and thrilled at the same time. Had Jason peed a little in his pants, too. Kaylie would like to think so.

Kaylie got home just as the evening news was blaring details of the bank robbery and school lockdown. The media didn't know the half of it, she mused.

Kaylie had to explain that she was fine over and over again, before her Mom and Dad actually began to calm down. By then it was nearly nine o'clock. Kaylie yawned and headed off to bed, glad to be hitting the sheets early. She was exhausted.

As Kaylie lay in bed, however, sleep eluded her. Images of the aweful day kept streaming through her mind, always coming back to Lloyd and his so-wet pants. Kaylie giggled to herself. Lloyd was really cute in wet pants, she mused. The lingering thought tingled between Kaylie's legs.

As sleep slowly stole over Kaylie's senses, imagination began to enhance reality. In Kaylie's mind, she was touching Lloyd's wet pants. She was holding his crotch. He was peeing; the warm wetness felt good in her hand. Great Scott, Kaylie awoke with a start; she hadn't touched Lloyd's wet pants...had she. She would like to have touch them, to feel Lloyd's buldge, to feel him peeing his pants. Whooo! though Kaylie, I'm getting wierder by the hour.

Her next descent toward sleep's oblivion foundf Kaylie's hand actually in Lloyd's pants. She was cupping his penis. She felt his pee stream.

Kaylie sat bolt upright in bed. What the hell was happening to her? O no, Kaylie thought; have I wet the bed. She felt between her legs: The sheet was dry, but her public hair was wet and gooey. Good grief, thought Kaylie; I'm having an orgasm over a boy peeing his pants. But she was, and it felt so good. And then sleep came so easily.

