Jail Time

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2014-06-17 06:20

Its not so bad... I mean its only a little cold and at least I've got a pillow right? Who am I kidding this cell is awful. I can't believe I ended up in here! I mean I hold down a job,I pay my bills and all in all I'm a completely responsible young adult. I just had a few drinks right? I didn't hit anything either. I don't get why they had to make such a big deal out of it. My god, its like the cops honestly have nothing better to do then harass a pretty young brunette like me. Albiet I probably shouldn't have hit on the hot younger cop when he first talked to me. I wouldn't mind so much if the cell were a little more private. I squirm a little as I sat down on the cold metal bed. The problem with getting taken in for being a little drunk is that it doesn't take long for your body to process the fluid part of the beverages. That on top of the severe lack of privacy leads to a rather painful situation.

"Everyone sees you squirming babe! Why don't you go piss so we can see that pretty little ass of yours!" The man in the cell across from me chuckles gruffly. I stiffen. This asshat was why I was stuck in my current position.

"Go to hell!" I slur slightly, still a little drunk. I'm so mad at myself right now. I really should have just gotten a cab. Now my car is going to get impounded, my roommate is gonna be pissed and if they don't let me out soon that's not the only thing that's gonna be pissed. I look at my pants and sigh. I don't have a choice if I don't go soon my bladder is gonna make up my mind for me and the first thing to get wet will be these pants and nothing could be more embarrassing. I really hope my roommate will show up soon. She didn't answer the one call they allowed me and I sigh. "Fuck.." I whisper. I feel a lump form in my throat. "dammit."

I shove a hand between my legs and start kneading my crotch. Why did this have to happen?!

"Bitch got some fight in her... I wouldn't mind playing with you babe." The creepy guy across the way said seductively. "Look boys! She's so turned on she cant keep her hand off her crotch!"

I look away. I have an overwhelming desire to scream. I start to cry. I cry silently though and I turn away from the horny jerk on the other side so he cant see that he's getting to me. It doesn't take long before I start to loose control of my bladder though and with very little warning my prison pants are suddenly growing darker. "No no no no no no.." I whisper still trying to fight it.

"Dammit Rachel! I thought we agreed no more drinking and driving!" My roomate's voice sounds through the hall.

"She's in that cell there." A young man's voice sounds.

Fuck its the cop from earlier, that I hit on... I stiffen when I hear my room mate and slump over my emotions suddenly growing to strong.

"I'm sorry Dana its just I.. I"m sorry.." I say slowly.

Dana sighs "Come over here the cell is unlocked."

Slowly with great hesitation I stand and make my way over. Dana just shakes her head. "I know you're going through a hard time girl but look at yourself. Come on. We need to get you home."

I nod with a sad blush and a tear stained face. "I'm sorry."

Dana just shakes her head. "Its ok honey... Its ok..."

