Dark Souls: desperate battles - Page 2

Author: Monado Boy

*025*2015-08-19 01:29

{{: 

That is true, but Anor Londo is pretty deep as a whole, so there's a lot you could fit into it even if it's not specific to Ornstein or Smough.

I mean, Ornstein himself does have quite a lot going for him. Not so sure about Smough though...

}}

True, the main thing I could work on though is what Orestien and Smough think of each other (you know, Orestien showing respect when Smough dies and Smough finishing Orestien off), might get them to finish each other off XD nah

*026*2015-08-24 03:08

Before anyone says anything between the last chapter and this chapter is when Natasa got the peculiar doll. I'll be honest, I'm too lazy to write about her going back through the NUA just to fight the stray demon, two black knights and Oscar just to get a doll.

With that out of the way; Sen's Fortress and I have a confession to make. Sen's Fortress is the only location I hate MORE than Blight town. This is because of a number of reasons, mostly the swinging axes and snakes that take a truck's worth of damage before going down.

Anyway, let's do this and let's hope that Natasa has a better time going through this place than I ever do.

___

Chapter 7: Sen's Fortress

Natasa looked up at the towering castle before her. She heard sounds from within, unsettling noises. Nonetheless she ventured in, feeling the ground beneath her foot sink slightly, she help up her shield as she saw the arrows, blocking them with ease.

"Ok, traps, ominous noises and it's a fortress. This place feels like it's going to be a challenge. Where are you when I need you Zaviary?"

Natasa continued on until she came to a large room with no ceiling and large axes swinging from beams across narrow walkways. She managed to cross the first one with ease, timing her steps and tricking a large humanoid serpent to fall off the side of the walk way. She then felt a strange kind of energy hit her and she was forced forward onto the gound, a form of magical electricity sending a wave of pain through her nerves.

After making her way past another narrow walkway and another serpent man. Natasa found herself walking through some more rooms, dodging another arrow trap and running past a boulder that probably would of crushed her if she touched it. She managed to get past the boulder and took a few deep breaths. She'd already been through hell and the fortress just seemed to keep on throwing it's worst at her. She took several large gulps from her estus flask, thankful that she'd been able to survive to this point. She kept on going.

More boulders met Natasa as she tried desperately to survive in the unforgiving fortress. She even had her head nearly bitten off by a chest that grew arms and legs when she accidently hit it with her sword (she'd dodged into a side room to avoid a boulder and had let the blade's handle slip out of her hand.) Needless to say once she got past even more narrow walkways, swinging axes and several more serpent men, she was happy to see the sun again.

Her bladder was starting to ache again. She'd drained her estus flask trying to recover from her injuries and still had a number of small slashes across her sword arm. She didn't know what to do after she rested at the bonfire. She could heal any injuries and fill her bladder more or she could push on with her injuries and risk them holding her back. She soon had an answer when a cannon ball hit the ground behind her and she was engulfed in flames.Once she'd managed to extinguish the flames by rolling around she instinctively drank from her flask and felt the burns slowly fade. She also felt her bladder reach it's maximum capacity. She crossed her legs for a second before realising that a second cannon ball may be ready to be launched at her location. She continued on. She eventually made it to another fog door. She knew whatever she'd face here would be leagues ahead of what she'd fought before.

She pushed through the wall and walked forward. She was suddenly sent backwards against the fog wall, now was hard as brick by a shock wave. She saw what had attacked her, her heart dropping as she saw the form of the iron golem. She rushed forward, striking the golem when she could, she drank from her estus flask again, feeling her bladder ache in protest. She saw the Golem's axe being raised above her, readying a strike. She had maybe three seconds before it would swing down and, if she was still in the same area, she's be split in half. She decided now was the time to let go.

As she relaxed her bladder she lunged sideways, now unburdened by her bladder she was able to focus on the colossus before her. She'd already got a few swings to the automaton's legs and she could see it had somewhat effected it. She didn't know what drove her to do it, but she held the sword above her head and brought it down to the ground. A beam of flame erupted from the blade, forcing the golem backwards to the edge of the fortress' roof. The golem lost it's balance and began falling backwards. Natasa felt the roof shaking as the golem's weight left it's surface. She got as low as possible and grabbed onto anything she could incase the roof collapsed from the sudden change. Luckily it didn't and the Golem fell to the trees below. Natasa was too distracted to notice that her armour was perfectly dry, the heat from the blade completely drying her and causing all liquid to evaporate.

Natasa then had something else on her mind; Why was she suddenly being grabbed by some strange bat like demons and why were they carrying her into the sky?

*028*2015-08-31 04:59

Ok, this fanfic has been left for too long. Unfortunately I'm going back to school soon so updates might end up being weekly, sorry about that, I hate the education system as much as you.

Also, I'm splitting Anor Londo into two parts, mostly because IT'S LONG AS HELL! This place is annoyingly hard so I'm cutting it off at the painting, going through that and then continuing. Happy? TOO BAD, that's how it's happening.

So, enjoy, no one reads this anyway.

___

Chapter 8: Anor Londo, part one.

Natasa was dropped, roughly, onto the stone floor. Her gaze however, never hit it. She was too mesmerized by the golden city before her. The shining city of Anor Londo, the city of the gods. She ran down the steps, eager to explore.

She made it down three sets of steps before having to dodge a large halberd. Luckily she'd dodged into a large hallway and immediately set off running. The battle with the Iron golem had left her exhausted and she knew she stood little chance in combat. She ran, dodging into another hallway as she saw a pair of large sentries lumbering towards her. She found herself at the top of a staircase, the bottom covered in a familiar glow.

As Natasa made her way down, she spotted a person leaning against the wall, armour covering her form, although obviously female.

"Welcome, please, rest, that is what the bonfire is for, is it not?"

Natasa wordlessly sat at the bonfire, feeling it's warmth envelop and rejuvenate her. She allowed a silent sigh.

'What am I still doing on this quest? I've rung two bells and discovered a city that apparently holds the gods. They'd probably just smite me for not following them.'

Natasa stood up and silently nodded to the armoured figure.The figure appeared to look down slightly. "Your armour is stained. May I suggest finding a cleaner set before meeting the one who rules here, It would be insulting to show oneself in such a state to a god." The Darkmoon knightess was reminded of an encounter the she'd had with her lord in that very situation, she wished not to relive the shame, yes he'd been understanding but he'd also been harsh. It was her position of firekeeper that kept her a knight, aswell as a member of the Darkmoon, she cherished this role with her life.

Natasa wanted to punch this arrogant little bi- No, she controlled her anger, she was a fire keeper and had just allowed her a place to safely rest, she would not repay her kindness with abuse. She begun up the steps and headed straight, figuring that the largest building would be the best to explore. She stepped onto an elevator, descending to another set of steps. She soon met a familiar face. This, however, was not Zav, it was a gargoyle. The gargoyle charged forward and attempted to breath lightning down upon her, she dodged and leapt into the air, striking it's tail and breaking the axe on it's tip. The stone beast roared in rage before swinging it's halberd around in an attempt to hit Natasa. She ducked and stuck her blade into the beast's neck, causing it to go ridged and fall, breaking around the sword.

"One less of those things, good." Natasa saw that the path ahead was blocked (BY THE WORST ELEVATOR IN GAMING HISTORY), she decided to climb onto the building next to her and see if she could find a way up to it. (Seriously, it's an elevator you can't call on one end, it's like the portraits in Harry Potter, don't know the password, TOO BAD, YOU'RE STUCK.) She found a narrow beam and made her way up it, narrowly avoiding falling off into the seemingly endless abyss below.

She entered through a broken window and was immediately set upon by a group of figures draped in white. Natasa hurriedly climbed a ladder to her left, knowing that the hoard was too great for her to handle. She found herself having to rush across the narrowest walkways she would encounter on her journey while dodging thrown knives. One eventually hit her into the side, pain rushing through her as she pulled the blade out. The force of the impact and pulling the knife out was enough to knock her off balance, she fell from her walkway and grasped a chandelier, dangling above a sheer drop. A familiar red blur formed on the walk way above her, Zav.

He gave her a look, a difficult look to understand. It was a mix of sorrow and determination. She saw him grab his sword and swing it. She, along with the chandelier were sent plummeting towards the cathedral's floor.

A figure picked her barely breathing form off the ground a few minutes later. He walked over to a large painting on the far side of the room. He spared her a single glance more before pushing her through. He'd noticed that the impact had caused her great pain, she would live, as much as one can live in these lands. The figure thought of his father, of what he'd accomplished.....maybe that wasn't the right word... what he'd manipulated for his own again, what he'd hidden and what he'd cheated and killed to get. The figure let out a sigh, barely audible.

Maybe it was time to end this whole charade, to let Anor Londo's true form be revealed. His father would never return, his sister was gone and his eldest sibling still lived and was close, but he dared not meet him, lest he invoke his wrath. The figure lay down his bow, arrow and a copy of his most powerful miracle. If she managed to escape her only hope, she'd receive these gifts, then she may stand a chance against what was to come. The figure left the cathedral, his head bowed low as he, for the first time in eternity, muttered a blessing. Anor Londo began to dim and was suddenly plunged into darkness. Qwyndolin had abandoned the city. It's final god, gone.

*030*2015-09-12 03:01

My mind set two weeks ago: I'll try out Omegle, just for tonight, might get a good roleplay in, then when I'm free I can write out the next chapter of DS: DB

It's now two weeks later and I've lost all respect for myself. So, here's the next chapter, completely off the top of my head (like the rest of them) and I hope you'll enjoy it, maybe, possibly, kinda, in an ironic way.

___

Chapter nine: The painted world of Ariamis.

Natasa was on the verge of something she'd never known before; complete death. The thought would have scared her if it wasn't for the fact that she was currently out cold.

Elsewhere in the painted world, a being with no right to exist could tell that something had changed. The forbidden creature, sensing something familiar amongst the world, decided to see who the latest intruder to the world may be. Priscilla was greeted by her guard as she exited her tower, if it could even be called that. The guard stood aside, his sanity gone, yet a sense, an instinct, to protect and serve her lingered, urging him to stop any who chose to raise a blade against her. Priscilla continued, greeting the hollows and harpies as she went. While most had lost their mind, they seemed to be like normal humans to her, civil and caring.

Priscilla eventually made her way to the main courtyard. It was almost infested with those strange mounds of flesh and spears. Priscilla avoided them, as they did with her. She soon found her way to the intruder. She found Natasa, half hanging over the edge of the entry bridge. She asked a hollow to bring her to safety as the bridge wouldn't hold her form. The hollow ventured to the far end, a blur of a memory crossing it's mind, an axe in it's hand, a shield in the other, a suit of steel and a sense of adventure. All were now corroded. The hollow brought Natasa to Priscilla and, due to another request, carried Natasa's form to Priscilla's tower.

Priscilla was sealed in the painted world for two reasons; she was a crossbreed, her father an albino dragon, her mother believed to be a deity. The other reason she was sealed away was an ability she had: Life drain. Priscilla had great control over this power, but she'd never attempted to use it to heal, to give another her health. She knew this person was in pain, but the possible outcomes could be disastrous, nonetheless, she had to try.

Priscilla positioned the tip of her scythe to Natasa's chest, right above her faintly beating heart. She quickly forced the tip of the blade into said organ and a strange energy started to appear, almost flowing through the scythe. Priscilla felt weak, heer body ached and every part of her seemed like it was trying to shut down. She kept on trying to heal her. Priscilla felt a particular pain in her bladder, the trauma the life drain was having on her was weakening her, this seemed to have spread to her bladder as well. She kept trying to heal Natasa as she held back her urine. The struggle getting tougher with each passing moment. After what seemed like an hour of healing and holding, Priscilla saw Natasa's eyes snap open and immediately stopped healing her, collapsing to the ground. She was exhausted, she was weak, and she had just lost control.

Priscilla knelt there, her scythe keeping her steady as she felt relief wash over her, both from her bladder and from the fact that Natasa was starting to move; a good sign. Priscilla didn't care that she'd lost control, she'd saved a life, that was worth it. She felt embarrassed, but who was going to say anything? The intruder would have been to stunned to remember and the hollows, harpies and guard wouldn't have dared say anything to her about the matter.

Natasa's sight slowly returned to her, a dim light seemed to illuminate the area. She sat up and was greeted with the sight of a large fluffy woman with a tail wetting herself. Natasa closed her eyes, slapped herself, and looked again. There was, indeed, a large fluffy woman who appeared to be wetting herself without a care in the world.

After a short period of silence, apart from the odd soft moan from Priscilla, Natasa made herself know with a quiet "Umm.....hello?"

Priscilla instantly started apologising, almost as if she'd greatly insulted Natasa. She laughed it off and the two started greeting each other. The interaction wasn't unlike with Qualaag; unsure at first but gradually more comfortable with each other. Natasa was directed to the ledge at the back of the tower when she asked how to return to her world. Before she departed though, she gave Priscilla a parting gift; her doll, the crossbreed's eyes lighting up instantly and hugging the doll in an almost child like manner.

Natasa waved goodbye to her new friend, a new gift of her own in her possession. Natasa grasped the dagger's handle as she fell, her conciousness again fading, only this time, she still felt life clinging to her. She wondered how many times she'd have that feeling before it ended for good.

*034*2015-09-16 19:18

{{: 

This is Awsome I can't wait to read more

}}

Sorry mate XD I'm not the best at literature tbh. I just started doing this because I had a crazy idea and wanted to run with it so expect spelling and grammar mistakes, I honestly don't mean to make them.

*038*2015-09-18 22:11

{{: 

It really is, I'm just a pain in the bum and like to point out little mistakes.

}}

I understand, and thanks, I know I'll probably never learn but if it wasn't for people pointing out the flaws it wouldn't improve XD. I'm probably going to update this later tonight so look out for that. I'll also have an announcement of sorts, a way to give the fans (wow, never thought I'd say something like that XD) a way to.....well, I won't spoil it ;)

See you all later tonight XD

*039*2015-09-19 21:10

Ok, I admit, I dropped the ball on this one, mostly because of school forcing my to fall asleep early and miss my usual upload time. So, I think it's only fair I upload this one a bit earlier than usual as compensation, sound fair? Doesn't matter, it's happening.

Also, after this chapter, I want you guys to decide something: Where does this fanfic go next? For those that haven't played the game, when you gain the lord vessel you're sent to collect the lord souls. There are four to collect; Gravelord Nito, The witch of Izelith (feel free to blame me for misspelling the game's locations and characters, I'm not exactly bringing up a walkthrough just for a fanfic XD), The four kings and Seath the scaleless. I want you readers to comment which you want to do, the one with the most votes is what we go for first, then we go for the second and so on.

Now, this also brings into question the DLC of the game. It's happening, don't worry, I'm gonna tackle that after Natasa obtains a certain item (those who've played the DLC know it already.) Once that happens, we go after the DLC.

Ok, after what has to be my longest opening to date, here's the continuation of Anor Londo.

___

Chapter 10: Anor Londo (Dark)

Natasa hit the cold marble floor of the cathedral, the bright city of Anor Londo now in a state of complete darkness. She pushed herself up, backing away towards the painted world again as she saw a group of about seven painting guardians watching her. They didn't react, just stared. She took a step forward and they still did not react. She decided to leave the cathedral, the guardians simply watching her. They feared her. She'd escaped the painted world, she was clearly dangerous, even more so than the half breed who resided within.

Natasa come to a lever, pulling it somehow caused the elevator to descend, turning to face the platform she was standing on. She stepped forward, reaching another lever and turning it all the way, it started to climb again. When the elevator reached the top of it's climb Natasa stepped off towards the castle. A chill crossed her, nothing seemed to move. She was completely untouchable to everything. The bat demons backed away, the silver knights simply stepped out of her way and the sentinels simply stood motionless. As Natasa reached a stairway after a large hall she heard the sound of a hammer striking metal. A blacksmith.

She took advantage of the blacksmith to improve her weapons, the giant seeming hesitant to work on her Priscilla's dagger but improved it nonetheless. The giant started telling her of the four knights of Gwyn and what fate had befallen them. Artorias had been corrupted by the very abyss that he'd stopped from corrupting the kingdom, Hawkeye Gough had retired from his role and lived out his life as a simple wood carver, Ciaran had tended to Artorias' grave, being the only one allowed to visit it until her dying day, and Dragon slayer Orestien had stayed to protect the princess of the sun; Gwynevere. Natasa soon set off again after being gifted a small ring with a hawk engraved upon it, having a feeling she'd meet the dragon slayer fairly soon. She was correct.

Orestien stood at the far end of a hall connected to the larger one. A larger man stood next to him, both of them confused and anxious. Natasa approached them, they took notice of her. Had it of been any other situation they would of attacked her without hesitation, but this was clearly more important to them. Orestien was the first to speak.

"I do not know why you have arrived here hollow, but I commend your bravery, not many would dare enter this place. I am Orestien, leader of the knights of Lord Gwyn and this is Smough, executioner of Gwyn."

Smough gave a small wave, seemingly less formal than Orestien, almost childish. Natasa asked them what had happened to the city, they questioned her the same. Eventually the trio were interrupted from their questions by an answer, the fire keeper entered the hall.

"Lord Gwyndolin has abandoned the city." She sounded on the verge of tears.

Orestien seemed to be the most effected by the news, besides the darkmoon knightress. He collapsed onto his knees, his spear dropping to the ground with a clank that echoed around the empty room. Anor Londo was dead. Natasa noticed a pair of elevators at the far side of the room from the entrance, she advanced. She eventually came to a room with a bonfire in front of it. She entered and found a strange bowl like object, apart from that, the room was empty.

"The lord vessel.....so the lady was an illusion." Orestien stood in the doorway behind her, flanked by Smough. Orestien removed his helmet and dropped it to the floor. "So this is the true form of the city I've protected." He spat on his helmet before kicking it across the room. "LIED TO, PLAYED AS A PAWN BY THE DAMNED GOD!" He unleashed a shockwave of lightning from his spear, burning the walls and floor around him.

"Orestien, don't worry about it, there's nothing we can do now." Smough's voice was gentle yet deep. If it wasn't for his size and his hammer he would have seemed like a harmless giant. "The only thing we can do now is leave and work from there."

"Says a carefree cannibal! What use is it now? The lady is gone, our comrades dead, it's all lost." Orestien once again dropped to his knees before looking to Natasa. "Maybe you can do something for me? There is a place in this land known as the Kilm of the first flame, collect the lord souls and fill the lord vessel, go there and find Lord Gwyn. once you do, kill him."

Natasa was taken aback, he wanted her to kill the lord of Sunlight? she was never religious but she knew of his power. She shivered slightly, out of both fear and cold. She nodded against her better judgement. Orestien caught a glimpse of the dagger she had on her belt. "That dagger, use it against Gwyn, it's occult powers should harm him greatly." She could see the fury in his eyes, at himself or at Gwyn she couldn't tell.

She went to the bonfire and rested, touched the lord vessel and felt as through she was being lifted to somewhere else. Before she left Orestien gave her something. " Have this, my ring, it will help you, improve your abilities. hopefully you can put it to good use." He backed away and bowed slightly, Smough giving her a wave behind him before she felt herself being completely lifted and pulled elsewhere. The last thing she heard was Orestien wishing her luck.

___

Yes, no omorashi in this chapter, sorry, I just wanted to focus more of character development. So, like I said at the start: Vote on who you want to see Natasa fight first, Nito, Seath, The four kings or TwoI. I'm not going to set a date for the voting to end so whenever my next chapter is put up is the dead line, I'll read the votes beforehand obviously.

Oh, and Natasa equip the hawk and leo rings, and yes, she's also going to get the other two aswell and use them at the same time, my fanfic, my rules XD

*044*2015-09-25 23:36

Ok, I guess Nito is next. I'm not going to rush through everything to Nito right away. this time it's the catacombs, next it's the tomb of the giants.

Anyway, enjoy the chapter and maybe one day I'll use "its" in the right context. (that joke is for one person and you know who you are XD )

___

Chapter 11: The catacombs

Natasa soon felt herself resting on the warm ground around a familiar bonfire. The glow of Firelink returning her to conciousness. She looked around, not noticing many changes. That was, however, apart from a large snake face down on the ground. Natasa gave the giant serpent a hard kick before stepping back. The serpent rose, before coming back down, it's teeth like a yellow tinted guillotine, and swallowed Natasa before dragging her below to the depths (not the sewers.)

Natasa was soon spat out onto a hard stone floor. "Go forth barer of the lord vessel, and place the vessel upon it's perch." Natasa did as she was told, wordlessly. A dim fire was soon glowing from the golden basin. Natasa didn't need further instructions. She was soon being warped again. She returned to Firelink and decided to pick a random direction. That direction took here behind the shrine.....and to a swift end from a giant skeleton. Returning to Firelink shrine's bonfire again Natasa let out a small yell of anger. She rushed at the graveyard again and managed to get into an expansive cave system full of skeletons. Out of the graveyard, into the catacombs.

The winding tunnels soon entered to a large cavern. Below here Natasa could hear the clinking of bones and wood. A familiar red blur appeared next to her. "Hello again Natasa, I see we've both progressed on our adventure. However yours has changed dramatically." Natasa nodded and started forward, thankful she'd have help through this next area. That was until Zav pushed her off a ledge onto another one far below. He jumped down after her.

The large drop hit Natasa's bladder hard. She realised she hadn't gone in several hours and was suddenly feeling very full again. Against her better judgement she drank from her estus flask to heal her injuries. Zav did the same. Natasa looked below her. A hoard of skeletons with spiked wooden wheels glared up at her from the darkness. Zav ran off the edge, almost as if he knew exactly what to do. Natasa followed, attempting to keep up and hold back the flood at the same time. They both came to a fog wall and pushed through it. The skeletons hit the wall as hard as they could but their blows simply bounced off. Natasa, forgetting all of her embarrassment, grasped herself with both hands and stood rooted to the spot. Zav smirked, remembering how she looked back in lower undead burg. He continued on and soon dropped off a ledge, making next to no noise from the small drop.

Natasa made to follow him and made it to the ledge. He motioned for her to follow and to stay quiet. Again Natasa felt a shock of pain from her bladder. She lowered herself as carefully as she could onto the edge of the drop and slid off. A strange cloaked figure was on the other side of the room. Zav began to creep closer, his greatsword at the ready in his hands. Natasa crept closer aswell, one hand clutching her dagger, the other herself. Halfway across the room Natasa stopped. They were both in a small pool of water and Natasa had felt herself leak. The leak was soon followed by a stream. Zav rushed forward, forgetting stealth and trying to act as a shield for Natasa. He couldn't lose another one.....

Zav swung his greatsword over his shoulder into Pinwheel's arm, causing the being to screech in pain and for one of it's masks to split. Another swing shattered another mask. Zav was then catapulted back by a large orb of energy. Pinwheel stood over him at the far end of the room. watching him, his remaining mask staring at him wuth it's empty eyes. Zav closed his eyes, waiting for another blast of strong arcaine power. It never happened. Natasa was on the other side of Pinwheel, Priscilla's dagger forced through the twisted being's remaining head and her stream of urine still flowing.

Pinwheel soon started to turn to ash, nothing but it's final mask and a small mark remaining. The mark disappeared and suddenly Natasa felt a great warmth within herself. She picked up the mask and looked at it, it's dull brown colour being mundane in Natasa's eyes. She kept it nonetheless. Zav had already faded, a gift left for her in his place. Natasa changed into the new armour set. The armour felt light weight and sturdy. perfect for her fighting style.

Natasa pushed on, but soon found herself surrounded by the sounds of large clicking bones and complete darkness.

___

Well, there you go. One of the least interesting areas done. Plese continue voting for the next one of the lords to be tackled, you have until I beat Nito to vote.

Also, the armour that Natasa got is completely up to you, enjoy your mental image of her in *insert armour set here* .

See you all next update.

*046*2015-10-05 19:34

Sorry for the extra day delay, I was busy playing Monster hunter 4 ultimate, I'm not gonna lie to you guys.

Ok, So next up is the tomb of the giants and It's that time again. I want you guys voting on the next boss we take next. The choices are; Seath the scaleless, The with of Izeleth or The four kings.

Voting start from this chapter to my next update so most likely a week.

Either way, time for the next chapter.

___

Chapter 12: The tomb of the Giants.

Natasa heard the grinding of bone and saw nothing but darkness. She had fallen a short way into the dark caves and was currently being carried by something, most likely skeletal. She soon found out. The hulking mass of bones carried her through the darkness and into a lighter area, eventually passing through an area full of what seemed to be copies of Pinwheel. This area lead to a small fog wall that the skeleton put her down in front of. She knew her first challenge was beyond the door.

The long trek through the darkness had left Natasa thirsty and she had drank from her estus flask many times. Only a few drops remained. She entered, feeling her bladder ache. Inside the fog wall Natasa was met with two faces, one in iron and covered in the glow of the sun, the other with a light red radiating off him. Both greeted her, the interactions being noticeable more friendly than when all three of them were in the depths.

"We've been here awhile. They know one of us is going to end their lord's life." Zav still spoke with the calmness of when they first met. Solaire stood there, gesturing to the hole and chuckled. "I believe we are being challenged. It is believed that the bearers of the the three lord souls have either lost their mind or have been corrupted by the chaos. That is to say, two of them have, Nito still remains sane and ready to fight!" Solaire spoke with the excitement of a child given a present. "You forget the fourth soul collected by the furtive pygmy, the dark soul that all humanity has a shard of."

Zav walked off the edge and landed in the chamber below, followed by Solaire, shrugging and muttering about cheering up. Natasa gave herself a squeeze and dropped down after them, accepting that she'd wet herself in this battle, she'd started to notice that pattern halfway through the Iron golem fight and had long since accepted it.

The trio advanced on a large coffin, in front of which stood Nito, the countless skeletons that made up his form clicking as they watched them approach. Zav was the first to strike. He thrust his greatsword into the skeletons, the bone shattering as the steel pierced the shroud of darkness around them. Solaire threw great lighting spears into the mass, the effected skeletons dropping to the ground. The followers of Nito stood there, watching silently, their bones still. Natasa clambered up Nito's sword, the being almost immobile and brought her dagger down into the skull of the central skeleton. Natasa was suddenly enveloped in light.

Natasa stood there, shocked by the sudden change. She stood above Nito's still form, a single skeleton that was no bigger than a normal human's. Nito suddenly sat up, shocking Natasa and causing her to lose control. Clambering up the blade and bringing her own down upon Nito had been surprisingly exhausting and she didn't care arymore, she just wanted it to end and to focus on more important details, like the fact the lord of death was stood before her.

Nito, now stood upright, laughing for the first time in centuries. He'd never expected the one to finish him would have wet herself like a mere child after she killed him. "So..." He said, his voice that of an old man. "I believe you have many questions. I believe I have many answers. Let us begin: This is my true form. I was the first of the dead, but not the only one to die before the founding of the lord souls, thus, I controlled all of the bones you and your allied have felled. I also believe that you want to know about my lord soul? I am gifting it to you after all."

Natasa realised now that she had been allowed to kill Nito, he'd simply left his form to die in order to make her task easier. "I am, as you know, the lord of death. I command it, but I do not control it. That was the work of my necromancers, until one of them took his duties too far. I believe you are also wondering why I am still sane despite the fact that my fellow lords have become fools. It is because of our souls, the one of death and the one of darkness. Their souls are fading, just as the flame and the light are fading, the death and darkness are growing, that is why I have retained my sanity."

Nito went on to explain the war between the lords and the dragons and how the gods had been nothing but fools. "Now, the only strong souls left is dark. I will not mourn my allies, I finished with that long ago. May your struggles be light and the rays of the sun be what guide you, until they fade that is." Nito suddenly started to crumble.

Natasa woke up in the spot that Nito had been, Solaire and Zav standing over her looking worried. "Way to finish off a lord, although I believe he may have been going easy on us. Also, you may want to change, you wet yourself as Nito crumbled and you just went limp for about five minutes there." Natasa didn't even blush, both had seen her in this state before in worse conditions. She stood up, dusted herself off and looked around, the skeletons now bowed, frozen in time.

All three rested at the bonfire and soon went their separate ways. Natasa reappeared at Firelink, her next target clear in her mind. She set off, hoping that Zav and Solaire would be safe until they met again.

___

Ok, another chapter down and another boss felled. Before I get asked, YES, the whole "talking to the boss after they die thing" is inspired by assassin's creed, it's going to be a recurring theme from now on. Ok, voting starts NOW! GO, VOTE! DO IT! THE STORY DEPENDS ON YOU!!!! XD

See you all next chapter.

*049*2015-10-12 20:58

THE PERSON HAS SPOKEN!

Seath it is.

Enough intro, I've wasted enough time with this, which is to say none, which is to say I've spent the last week doing nothing productive. Yes, I am typing like this because I am rereading Homestuck so yes, the humour and writing style of Hussie has rubbed off onto me, I apologise.

Anyway, DUKE'S ARCHIVES, GO!

___

Chapter 13: The Duke's archives part one.

Natasa warped to the shadowed land of Anor Londo, the darkness still obscuring anything outside of a small range beyond the bonfire. A familiar figure stood against the wall near the bonfire.

"Welcome back to this damned city." The Darkmoon knightess had a bitter tone to her words, Natasa couldn't blame her. Her lord had abandoned the once bright city and now she herself was seen as a thing to be feared. Natasa soon left and headed in a different direction from her first time in the city. Instinct seemed to be what lead her, she couldn't quite figure out what it was but something seemed natural to this. She continued until she passed a gate with a faint aura of an orange glow, as if the gate had once held such an aura.

She rushed to the end of a large corridor, dodging armoured boars as she went. They wouldn't have posed much of a challenge anyway. Eventually Natasa found herself at the top of an elevator, a large blue crystal being stood before her. It lunged, hitting the ground hard and showering Natasa in shards of crystal. She was cut deep as she was caught off guard by the mass' agility. She quickly turned and delivered a flurry of slashes to the golem until it had been reduced to powder.

Within the golem had been a pendent, It appeared to be broken, Natasa pocketed the pendent, broken items were just as useful as working items in this land. She continued, the hollows she encountered seeming docile, like they didn't know she was there. She eventually made it to a second elevator and went up, being lead by an increasing amount of crystals. A fog door met her at the top. She entered and was met with a flash of white and pain. She was sent skyward, soon being impaled by a large, sharp crystal jutting out from the ceiling. Natasa noticed a large white form before blacking out and fading back to the bonfire. A large shape known to be feared by instinct: A dragon.

