The Joys of High School, Pt. 2 (short)

Author: cjm3rcl1n3

*000*2012-04-21 18:08

Part 2:

Jake didn’t usually plan his naughty wetting; it was, more often than not, an opportunistic pee, especially when he held it in longer than he should, sometimes to the point of being in pain.

One day, when he was enjoying dinner at a decent restaurant, he didn’t want to bother wasting time going to the men’s room when he needed a pee. Since he had a table to himself with a tablecloth on it, and there was hardly anybody around, the closest being some yards away, Jake decided to pee in secret, under his table.

Unzipping his pants with one hand, he pretended to continue eating with the other, to throw off anybody suspecting him, even though nobody was paying him the slightest bit of attention. You could never be too careful when performing naughty acts in public. He also kept an eye out for employees, especially his waitress. As cute as the girl was, he did not want her to run away screaming, or worse, reporting him to management, or, more importantly, the police. He was seriously considering finding out if she was single, but would hold off telling her about his fetish for a long while, until she seemed ready to listen, without thinking he was some kind of sick freak, as so many people thought.

Pulling out his cock, he let it hang between his legs, aiming its tip, as best as he could, at the carpeted floor. Still pretending to eat, and watching for any trouble, Jake released the hold on his bladder, enjoying the feel of his effluent as it coursed its way from his bladder, down his urethra, and finally exiting out his pee slit. Over the mild drone of chatting and muzak and the constant clack of silverware on dishes and glasses clinking, Jake could barely even hear the sound of his pee as it covered the carpet between his feet and almost immediately started to cool. His hidden pee took nearly a minute-and-a-half before slowing down, then coming to an end.

After shaking the last few drops from his glans, he tucked his engorging penis back into his pants, with difficulty, since he was getting hard. Not a moment too soon, for just as he brought his hand back to his drink, his über-cute waitress came back to see how he was doing. Jake didn't think that she suspected him. She certainly didn't look at him askance in a bad way. As a matter of fact, he noticed that she might be looking interested in him, never noticing the slight hint of wetness trailing down her slender legs.

He decided to chat her up, and ask her if she was seeing someone, and to his delight, she had been single for a long while, saying she had troubles finding a guy that wasn't either a jerk or a loser. Even better, she was ending her shift in an hour, so they agreed to hook up later, to learn more about each other. And maybe something better might come up!

