Omo based fiction

Author: Rain_Attica

*000*2015-08-16 12:35

Hello, everybody. My name is Attica. Clearly, that isn't my real name, but that's what I would like to be known as. I've been a long time lurker, first time poster. I understand that perhaps this post would be better suited in the introductions page, but I wanted to post it here for a specific reason. I've lurked for a long time, because I liked what this website had to offer, the videos, pictures, and such. But I felt I had nothing to contribute, so I never made an account. I'd like to change that. I've had this itch, to write creatively, and incorporate an omorashi theme.

Before I get on to the main topic of this thread, I want to tell everyone how grateful I am- that you all exist. For a long time, I believed there was something wrong with me, for having sexual desires like these. I believed I was sick, twisted, wrong in the head. The secret of my desires has driven me mad, kept me awake at night, for years, because I believed that I would never fit into society. I believed that I was ill, and needed to be cured. I spent lots of time trying to break myself of this habit- only to slowly realize that it was natural, and that there were other people who felt the same way I do.

It is liberating, knowing that people exist who validate my desires- knowing that you all feel the same way. It brings me a peace, to be able to tell someone, anyone, that I enjoy it when I wet myself, or when other people wet themselves, that I find it sexually pleasing. I might not ever be able to tell anyone, not my family, my close friends, that I have these desires, but the fact that I may tell complete strangers over the internet brings me relief in a way that I could have never comprehended without you.

I like to write. I haven't written a book- although I would like to change that, someday, perhaps soon- but I have roleplayed for nearly ten years now, on online forums and games. I have done plenty of erotic roleplaying as well. It has been surprising for me- the number of people I have found who have been willing to accept, or perhaps even share my fetishes. However, I haven't been able to fully satisfy the itch to write, with a few wetting-based sex scenes, and so I come here.

I plan to use this forum, this post specifically, to write works of fiction, that have an erotic, omorashi theme. The thing about my writing, is that it doesn't necessarily fully involve wetting and sex- those are simply themes, that are a part of the story. For the main part, my stories will be non-erotic. I hope that people- you people- will find them to be gripping, emotional, intense, and entertaining. Many of my writing themes incorporate conflict, struggle, and violence. But in the end, many of my characters have a deeply sexual nature, and their sexual nature has a urine twist to it. But I want to make it absolutely clear, that my stories are violent, and sometimes graphic in design. They are often tragic, and not for the faint of heart.

I don't plan on writing a whole story, not at first- I do have a plan, and I am sticking to it. I will write a few scenes at a time. Sometimes scenes will 'stand alone'- they won't have a chapter two, they'll be written simply because I feel like it- other times, the 'chapters' that I write will be a part of a long, ongoing theme, perhaps even long enough to fill a book I would be happy to publish and sell on the shelves of Barnes and Noble if they didn't reveal my sexual desires that would be inappropriate for the public, and embarrassing to put my name behind. It's a shame- that I have to be ashamed of this- but I am, and I am sorry if that offends anyone.

I've roleplayed in online games for awhile. I have come to realize that the normal world, the 2015 earth that we live on, bores me. I don't have the time, or patience, to create an entire world on my own, simply to satisfy my creative itch to write about people who pee in their pants- so I'll be using worlds that already exist, that I have already roleplayed in. I have done a lot of roleplaying in World of Warcraft, and also Star Wars: The Old Republic, so several of my stories will have their historical base in those universes. If the 'chapter' I write about involves 'unique' races from those two worlds, I'll post a picture for reference.

I also want to make it clear that the erotic theme in many of these stories will contain nudity and sex. I remember reading, when I made this account, that posting sexual pictures is a no-no: I assume this rule applies to stories as well. However, after all my lurking, I have a feeling that most of you won't care about that... if that's a problem, I would be happy to discuss it with any moderators. I also want to make my fetishes clear. I enjoy it when women wet themselves. I don't plan on writing about males- many, if not all of the romantic scenes in my stories will take place between two (or more) women- I don't write men very well. Furthermore, my fetish for omorashi also includes when females soil themselves. I won't write about that right away, but if I receive permission, and enough encouragement, my characters might start pooping their panties as well.

I suppose this tidbit is a bit conceited, and perhaps arrogant of me, but if any aspiring artists read my stories and find themselves to be inspired, I would be absolutely -thrilled- if you would like to draw a picture out of one of my scenes and post it on this thread. I actually am hoping that this might be the case- I enjoy my own writing, and other people's writing, of course, but having my writing brought to life in a picture... that would be so incredible. I would be grateful beyond words, regardless of the artist's level of skill, if anyone wanted to make a picture out of the things I write. It would be the ultimate compliment to me, and a part of me is writing all this in hopes that might happen.

Before I begin, one last thing I want to say, is if anybody spots any mistakes in my writing, or if they have any criticisms, support, or advice to offer, I would be very happy to listen to anything anyone has to say!

With that, I think I want to start this off with the first chapter out of the ongoing plot I plan on writing about. Here goes...

__________________________________________________________________________________________

TL:DR- HERE'S THE STORY

(This story takes place in the World of Warcraft universe. The main character is a Draenei: Here is a picture. THIS IS NOT MY CHARACTER.)

The Death-God's Pet

Chapter 1

Ella always thought she had a firm grasp on the way the world worked.

She was young, to be sure, but she was well educated- not with any help from her family, of course. She had paid her own way through schooling. She had run errands, worked odd jobs, even done a few things she wasn't proud of- but she was a well educated woman, proficient in magic, or at least she thought, and that was a source of pride for her. She had been able to wield fire for a long time, and it had helped her through many a tight spot. Twenty-three years, a long time for a human, she had been on this planet, and she thought she had seen it all.

Ella lived in a world where the rich get richer, the poor die poor, and where men and women alike all wanted to fuck her. Sure, she was pretty, what with her golden tan skin, her flowing, wavy brown hair, her sparkling blue eyes, and her satisfying, though not overly excessive curves; but perhaps it was simply the idea of fucking an educated woman that enticed the people who hit on her. Ella had learned a long time ago how to use that to her own advantage- specifically, in order to get free drinks. And here she was, sitting in the tavern, about four mugs of mead into her night, wondering what would happen next.

Then she saw her.

Sitting across the bar, with a glass of wine, looking refined- Ella was educated, of course, but she wasn't -nearly- as refined looking as the draenei woman she saw sitting on the other side of the tavern with her glass. That woman looked like a diamond among coals. Compared to everyone else, she stood out, and it was obvious, the number of men trying to talk to her. She waved them away as if they didn't exist, and to Ella, that was exciting. Ella had always been attracted to power, and it was clear this woman was very powerful. It took a bit of courage- but eventually, the tawny haired human girl worked her way over and sat down next to this elegant looking woman.

Her hair was white, like driven snow, done up in a bun with a ponytail, with a hair tie embedded with gems. She wore a white silken dress, as brilliant and clean as her own skin, white and pale for a draenei. Her eyes were like two glimmering sapphires in the darkness, and Ella wanted them. She had experimented a lot, in her life, and had come to understand she enjoyed sex with other women. She wasn't adverse to men- she still enjoyed a good dicking as much as the next woman, but other women held a special place in her heart. The softness of their lips, the tenderness of their fingers... and this draenei woman, her lips, painted with blue lipstick, looked very soft.

Ella gave her a little wave. "H-hi," She said, with a flustered little blush on her cheeks. ~Good job,~ She thought to herself, ~No, Ella, you don't sound awkward at all! You idiot.~ Her worries were for naught, however. She saw the richly decorated draenei look her over. That pale woman, a smile split her face, and it looked... strange. She had been beautiful before, but now she seemed... intimidating. With that smile, Ella saw herself, within her minds eye, naked before the woman, exposed before this pale beauty, every one of her features and flaws exposed for examination. And then she gave her a wink.

"Well. Aren't you the most darling little thing?" She asked. Her voice dripped with nobility and intellect. Even this, such a simple thing as her voice, the human girl found arousing. "T-that's very sweet of you to say," She responded, hiding her embarrassment behind her mug of cheap mead. The draenei woman reached over- and took it from her. Setting it on the counter behind her, she snapped her fingers a few times, and the bartender came over with a second glass of red. "There's no need to drink something like that, when you're speaking with me," she said, confidently, arrogantly. "Please. Let me buy you a drink," the pale, alien looking woman said as the glass of red was handed to Ella. It was less of a request, and more of a demand. The human girl realized this, and took it obediently. "Thank you."

The pale draenei woman swirled her wine in its glass. "What's your name, darling?" She asked, her voice dripping with sickly sweet intent. The human girl blushed again, just at the sensation she felt from this enchanting woman's voice. "Ella," She replied nervously. The pale woman gave a little chuckle. "Ella... what a pretty name. Miss Ella, you may call me Excella," She said, as if giving the human girl permission to call her this, rather than simply saying her own name. "Excella Vidalla. It's such a pleasure to make your acquaintance." Ella took a cautious sip of her wine. It was bitter, but she could tell it was clearly well aged, and expensive. "T-the pleasure is all mine," She replied, getting back her confidence. Then, the draenei asked her another question. "Tell me, Ella... look around, at all the people in this tavern. Look at me, and consider yourself. Who do you think has the power, here?"

The human girl developed a confused expression on her face. "I-I'm sorry?" She asked, finding the question off putting. "You heard me," her new friend replied, taking a sip of her wine. Ella glanced around, looking at all the patrons of the bar, as she had been told. "I... I suppose you do?" She asked, her response more of a question than a statement. Excella nodded with approval at the response. "You're right, I do. But, can you tell me -why- I have the power here?"

Ella couldn't figure a response to that. There were many reasons she could have given- the draenei's beautiful body, her attitude, her obvious affluence; but she didn't say anything. Excella understood this. "The reasons are many. It could be because of my appearance- the diamonds I wear, the shape of my bosom. Perhaps it could be because of the gold I carry in my purse. But, you know, deep inside, that the reason is simple. It's because I hold more power, than anyone else in this room. It's because I could kill you- I could kill you, and everyone else in this bar. I have the physical power to do that. And, when it is all over- I could pay off the guards, and get off scot-free."

The human girl was a little more than intimidated- she shivered in her seat. But she felt strange. This sensation, that she felt, knowing the amount of power this woman she approached, had; it made her frightened, of course, but more so, she was intrigued... and aroused. Ella hadn't known herself as a woman attracted to power, not until this moment- but she realized, quickly, the amount of control this draenei woman held over her destiny, made her moist between the thighs, and she couldn't explain why. She soon came to realize something else- the fear, that she felt... or perhaps, it was all the mead she had to drink- it made her feel the urge to urinate. "That's... fascinating." She said, shuffling in her chair.

Excella raised her eyebrow in amusement, watching the girl's uncomfortable shifting. "What's wrong?" She asked, as if she didn't already know. "I, um..." Ella was reluctant to respond. "Come, now, don't be shy," the draenei woman said with a smirk. "Tell me what's wrong."

"I... I uhm, I need to, ah... go..." She said, standing up and preparing to walk out back to the outhouses. Excella stood with her. "What do you mean?" She asked, clearly amused by drawing out the situation. Ella shuffled again on the spot. "You know... I have to, uhm..." She started to shift away, walking toward the door. Excella stopped, and took her by the waist, holding both hands against her. "You have to what?" She asked again, as if she didn't already know the answer. Ella was so red in the face, she looked as if her head was about to explode. "I-I... I have to... r-relieve myself..." She murmured, quietly, so the other patrons wouldn't hear. Excella smiled.

"I know," She said simply, refusing to let the human woman go. She struggled a little to get away, but not so much as to break the draenei's grasp. "T-then let me go?" She asked, with a hopeful smile. Excella shook her head. "Look at you. Only a few drinks, and you need to go so badly. What a lightweight you are," She teased, stroking the girl's hair. "Why don't you just wet yourself?" She asked.

Ella felt a pang of pleasure between her thighs at those words. It was absurd, the idea of it- but the amount of control the draenei had over her, and the humiliation of the act- wetting herself, in those tight blue jeans she wore... she fantasized about the idea, but shook her head at the same time. "N-no..." She murmured, squeezing her thighs together. The more she thought about it, the worse she had to pee. "I-I couldn't!" She protested, struggling to get free again. Excella held her hips still. Ella couldn't get free- it wasn't a matter of obedience at that point. The pale draenei woman was physically stronger than her, by quite a bit it seemed, and she wouldn't let her go. "Do it," she whispered into her ear. "Wet yourself like the little baby you are. People wet their pants all the time at bars. It just happens. Nobody will remember the next night."

(TL:DR x2: HERE'S THE PART WHERE SHE PEES)

Ella screwed her eyes shut tight, biting her lip at the knowledge that there was no escape from this. She felt the draenei's power, so close to her- she knew her magic would not save her from this fate. Excella had decided her fate, and there was no escaping it. A faint little sob escaped her lips as she felt the warmth between her legs. An apple-sized dark patch showed up on her jeans, between her legs. The draenei woman cooed in her ear. "You're doing it," She said, as she reached down and felt that wet patch. "You already started. Everybody can see," She murmured seductively in her ear. "Just let go. You know you can't control yourself. It's okay, pet. Wet yourself. Lose control. You can't help it, I understand. Go to the bathroom in your pants. I'll take care of you," She continued to whisper into her ear.

Ella whimpered as she tried to hold the flood back. It was inevitable, at this point- she didn't realize how badly she had to go, until she was being urged to do it. "I-I don't want to," She whimpered pathetically. "I don't want to... piss myself... i-it's embarrassing..." She said, looking to the side. Excella swatted her bottom in response to that, already taking control. "You think it's embarrassing for you?" She asked, kissing the woman on the neck. "Think of me... if anyone remembers this night, they'll know me as the woman who took home the girl who wet her pants. But I don't mind," She said as she stroked Ella's hair. "I don't care what they think, and you shouldn't either. You should care about what I think- and I think you should pee. It's not healthy to keep it in, pet..."

Ella gave a whine of protest, as she was unable to hold it back. She gave a little gasp- whether it was out of surprise, or pleasure, she wasn't sure- as she started to lose control. "O-oh... oh no...." She whimpered, as that apple sized patch began to grow, dark rivulets streaming down the back of her thighs. "I-I'm doing it... I'm doing it, ohhh, oh E-Excella..." She was fully aware at this point that she was getting turned on- she was humiliated, angry, but the sensation of warmth and wetness flowing down her legs... excited her. "I-I'm peeing, oh, I'm peeing, I'm doing it, nnnhh, I-i'm wetting myself!"

Excella cooed again, kissing the side of the human woman's neck. "It's okay, sweetheart." She said reassuringly, gripping Ella's bottom, running her fingers up and down the back of her thighs, feeling that warm, glistening wetness. "You're just a little baby. It's okay. You can't help it... just go, just wet your pants, like the pissy baby you are..." She murmured soft words of compassion into Ella's ears, as she used her pants as a bathroom. The rivulets all started to form together, creating a great wet patch down the back of her legs, running to her knees, starting to run down to her ankles, dripping onto the floor, a puddle forming underneath her. Ella moaned and sobbed at the same time, humiliated, and aroused simultaneously. Many patrons of the bar were watching her, some laughing, some astounded. The human girl whimpered as the last drops of her bladder went into her panties.

"I did it... I... I can't believe you made me do that, y-you, you made me wet my pants!" She said, in shock and anger. Excella shushed her.

"You'll be alright. Now come with me," She said, taking the human girl's hand and leading her out of the bar. The act was shocking- but it wasn't a showstopper. Pretty soon, people were drinking, flirting, acting as if it had never even happened- and the two women were out of the tavern, walking up the cobblestone road.

~~~

A short while down the road, Ella stopped. She wouldn't move, even as Excella gripped her hand and tried to drag her along. "What's wrong?"

The pale, alien looking woman asked. Ella pouted. "I can't believe you did that," Her anger showing through more so than her arousal. "You made me wet my pants. I've never been so humiliated in my life." The draenei woman pursed the corner of her lip, trying to figure out the situation, before she smiled, as if knowing what to do.

"Would you like to see me do it?" She asked.

Ella gave her a confused look. "What?" She asked, but there was no point. Excella was going to do it anyway. Her white outfit lit up by the glimmering moonlight, she went over to the fence that bordered the side of the road. "Watch me," she ordered, as she bent over, hanging onto the fence for support, lifting her tail straight up into the air, her dress-covered bottom exposed for Ella to see. The human girl blushed at the sight, but couldn't look away. "What are you doing?" She asked. Excella responded with a little moan, and suddenly, a damp patch appeared on her dress, inches below her tail, right on her ass. She was peeing.

Ella gasped and walked over. "Y-you..." She murmured. Excella looked back over her shoulder. "That's right, honey," She said. "I'll wet myself too. Would that make you feel better? Go on. Go ahead and touch," She said, turning to face forward again. Ella reluctantly reached over, as if she was afraid her hand would be swatted away, reaching for Excella's bottom. She took it in her hand, cupping it, feeling her ass and stroking her fingers over the wetness. The draenei woman moaned. "That feels good..." She murmured. "You, touching me. Go... ngh, ahead..." she said, giving her permission as she continued to wet.

Ella would be able to see that wet patch grow bigger, and bigger, as the draenei shamelessly peed in her dress. "Y-you... you're wetting yourself!" She said in shock. "Why... why would you do that?" "To, mmmn, make you feel better, of course..." She said with a gasp as she emptied her bladder into her dress, that wet patch working its way down the back of her thighs. "And... because, I like it. I like it, Ella. I enjoy using my panties as a bathroom. It feels good... I even enjoy soiling my panties, but I'll save that for our third date," She said, looking over her shoulder and winking at the girl.

The human girl looked amazed. "I-I can't believe it!" She said, as she unconsciously brought her hand between her thighs, stroking herself through her pissed in jeans. "It... it's so lewd! It's so unacceptable!" She said as she used her free hand to fondle and squeeze the draenei's butt. "You really... you really like to wet yourself?"

"I do," Excella responded with a sigh. Ella would hear her pee pitter-patter onto the cobblestones below, as the wet patch on her dress fully extended to her ankles. "And soon, you will too. I know what you desire, girl. I know you want me. I know you would be aroused, you would cum for me, if I made you my pet, and I intend to do that. Soon, you'll wet your pants every day. You'll wake up, and pee in your sheets. You'll pee yourself, and won't even realize you had to go. That will be my gift to you- complete loss of control. I will control every aspect of your life- and you will pee whenever your bladder releases. You will wet your pants more than you even did as a child," She said with a sigh as the last few drops dribbled out of her pussy and into her panties. She straightened herself up.

"You've already agreed to it, whether you realize it or not- you will become a shameless wetter, and I will wet for you too, because I love you, even though we just met. I already know what you are- what you desire. You will be my pet. I will be your mistress. And we will piss all we want, and nobody will stop us-

Because I have the power to do whatever I want."

~~~

END OF CHAPTER ONE

*004*2015-08-20 10:06

The Death-God's Pet

Chapter 2

(This next chapter will contain a little wetting, but it will not be the focus of the chapter. This chapter will also contain sex, so I will put an explicit/spoiler warning after this point.)

Explicit Content

The night was growing a bit older. It was late, and the moon was high in the sky, when the pair of wet women came to a steel gate, embellished with intricate triangular patterns. The center of the gate had an interesting symbol on it- the open palm of a hand, all five fingers pointing toward the sky, with an open eye in the center of the palm. Ella looked at it with a bit of concern, looking past the gate at what lay beyond. It was a mansion- literally, a mansion. It was massive. It must have been four or five stories, at least a hundred rooms, with a garden, servants quarters... it was practically a town, in and of its own right. "You... you live here?" She asked the dominating draenei who had made her wet herself. "Do you work here or something?" She asked.

Excella laughed at her, that haughty sort of laugh a high born person would have. "Don't be silly, girl. I own this mansion. I am Baroness Excella Vidalla. Everything that you see beyond these gates belongs to me. And soon, it will all belong to you, as well- that is..." She paused and looked down at her. Her species stood much taller than Ella's did- the human girl forced to look up, and see that amused, yet also diabolic grin on her lips. "...That is, if you will accept my offer." She put her hand on the gate- on that open palm, with the eye- and a second later, the gates parted, and the two of them made their way up the winding stone road to her home...

~~~

As the two of them met the massive, engraved double doors that served as the entrance to Excella's estate, the doorways opened for them automatically, and they stepped inside, their peed-in dress and leggings dripping a little onto the exquisite marble floor. This was Excella's grand hall- a great room with rosy marbled stone floor, leading up to a massive staircase perpendicular to a hall that extended down both ways of the second floor further than Ella could see. She was amazed- at the lavishness, the luxury this draenei woman lived in. A young woman came to greet them at the door.

Ella looked her over. This girl, she had blonde hair, tied up in a little ponytail. She wore your traditional maid's outfit, with stockings and garterbelts, a short little black skirt and corset. She was decently endowed- she didn't have MASSIVE breasts and thighs, but she wasn't flat chested or skinny. She was pleasant to look at, and Ella instantly knew that this would not be the last time she saw this servant girl. "Mistress," The blonde woman said, giving a deep, ingratiating bow. "Welcome home." As she straightened back up, her eyes wandered down, taking note of the damp state of Ella's trousers and Excella's skirt. "O-oh," She said, a little blush developing across her face.

"What's wrong, Seliyne?" The draenei woman asked, stepping forward and taking ahold of the young woman's chin. She seemed awfully forward with her servants. "It seems my guest and I have had an accident. Is this a problem for you? Do you have anything to say about it?" She said. Her words were intentionally needling... perhaps even a little dangerous. She was trying to tempt this poor blonde girl into saying the wrong thing, Ella could tell- she felt sorry for her. But she worried... what kind of punishment would the draenei give out to her if she didn't say the right thing?

Luckily for Seliyne, she knew what to say. She shook her head vigorously. "N-no mistress! It's no problem at all! I-In fact, I also have had an accident!" She responded quickly. Ella could hear the sound of urine pitter-pattering on the marble floor as the blonde woman Seliyne forced it out of her, intentionally wetting her panties as quickly as she could, hot yellowish streams running down the inside of her thighs and legs, staining her stockings, pooling around her black high-heels. Excella turned her eyes down and watched as the serving girl shamelessly and purposefully wet herself, and smiled at the result. "Good," She murmured. "It is improper for a woman of your position to think herself better than us."

Excella let go of the human girl's chin and started to trot past her, as if she didn't exist. Ella followed after her obediently, confused as to what had just happened, but understanding that it would probably be explained in time. "Go clean yourself up," The draenei dominatrix ordered with a casual flick of her wrist. "And then draw us a bath. As it was so obvious to you, we've wet ourselves. Hurry now. If I get a rash, it will be on your head." The blonde woman stood straight upright and gave another ingratiating bow to Excella, as she rushed up the stairs to take care of their bath. Ella looked at this woman she had only met this night with confusion, and concern.

"What was that all about?" She asked cautiously. "Why did you have to treat her that way? Is that how you treat all of your servants?" She seemed just a little indignant. Ella was the quiet, and submissive type, not keen on fighting, but she knew better than to sit back and let things that outraged her just go on. She enjoyed a dominating woman in bed- but not a woman that treated other people like they were garbage. Excella shook her head. "I love my servants, pet. I love them all, though I would love you more. I treat each of them as I would treat my family. But that woman-" She said, pointing her finger accusingly at nothing in particular, as if she were pointing at Seliyne herself- "That woman is new. And I do not trust her. Did she give off that kind of vibe to you, my dear? As if she could be trusted?" Excella asked, turning and looking back at her new human friend as they ascended the stairs.

Ella gave a blush of embarrassment, unable to shake the feeling she was being played. "Well... I don't know..." She murmured cautiously. "She didn't seem all that bad to me... but..." She sighed and shook her head. It seemed clear this draenei lead a confusing life, living in a world of subtleties, of domination and submission, and that she would likely never fully understand. Excella gave her a comforting squeeze on the shoulder. "She does seem like a good little pet. But my feelings have never been wrong. I am suspicious of her, and I will treat her as I see fit until she proves to be worth my love- just as you have."

~~~

A short while later, after walking down several hallways, twists and turns here and there, a spiral staircase leading upstairs, Excella pushed open a large wooden door and guided the two of them into an elegant looking bathroom. There were all kinds of mirrors and sinks, fancy towels and face creams, soaps, and shampoos... not to mention that the entire bathroom seemed to all be carved out of the same piece of massive, smooth white stone. The center of the room held a bathtub- a large depression in the floor, with a diameter of at least twelve feet. The serving girl had already drawn their bath, hot and steaming, with foamy pink bubbles covering the surface. She was bent over- panties still wet, Ella would notice- testing the water with her hand, as she noticed the two of them come inside. She stood and bowed again, and then left, like a little ghost, leaving the two of them alone in the room.

Excella gave a sigh of relief as she cast off her peed-in dress, letting it pool around her hooves and stepping out of it. She dropped her panties, undid her bra, and in no time at all she was completely naked. She had petite, dark blue nipples, which contrasted nicely with the paleness of her whitish-blue breasts. Ella blushed at the sight of her. Excella looked over her shoulder and smiled at the other woman's embarrassment, as if pleased by it, as she stepped down and settled into the bath with a pleased little moan. "Mmmm... come in, dear. It's just the right temperature," She said.

Ella was a bit shy about it. She wasn't stupid- she knew that this draenei woman clearly wanted to dominate her, to make her into her pet, and become her mistress. But still, she couldn't help but blush.... she desired this, to be certain- the idea that this woman could swoop in, give her a life of luxury, make her want for nothing, and all Ella had to do was submit to her, to say 'yes mistress', and let her fuck her... the concept actually made her a little aroused.

She was still unsure of the matter- despite being submissive, she was a little proud. Perhaps this Excella woman would be just the mistress she needed, to learn a little hubris... to make her feel loved. Ella began to strip. She pulled her shirt up and over her head- her breasts bouncing free. Her nipples were a bit larger than Excella's, a pale pink in the candlelight of their bath. She dropped her pissed in trousers, and stepped naked into the bath, alongside the other woman. She moaned at the delightful feel of the hot water cleaning her thighs, the silky sensation of the soaps in the water...

Excella smiled as her soon-to-be pet stepped into the bath next to her. There was a little ridge around the inner ring, for the two of them to sit on. She snapped her fingers a few times, and a female servant entered with a tray, with two glasses of champagne. Excella took one- Ella shook her head, waving away the other. She didn't feel like drinking anymore. The draenei woman took a sip of her glass, smacking her lips. "Delightful," she said. "Thank you, my dear." The serving girl gave a bow, and slipped out of the room.

Excella sat her drink down on the edge of the bath and made her move. She straddled her thigh over Ella's lap, holding her hands against the edge of the tub, looking down at the tawny haired human girl, who blushed at her forwardness. "Do you like it?" She asked. She leaned in to kiss her- Ella didn't resist. "Do you like what you see? All of it will be yours." Excella kissed her again. "Everything here. You will want for naught. All you need to do is submit. I want you... Ella." She said, rolling the human girl's name off the tip of her tongue like it was a decadent treat. The human girl fidgeted just a little bit. "W-why me?" She had the nerve to ask. "What is it about me that's so special?"

Excella pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes, as if this question was unexpected. "You'd be the first to ask," She murmured. "Most simply consider themselves lucky and say yes. If you really want to know..." She sighed, and brushed the human girl's hair with her hand. "That would be one of the reasons. I want you, because you don't seem like the type to just fall to my hooves, because I have money. I want you because you seem intelligent... refined... and because it would be a pleasure to break you. But, mostly?" She asked, with a cock of her head. "It's because I sense what your desires are. It's because I know, you won't wet yourself just because I want you to, just for my money. I know that you'll do it because it pleases you, sexually."

Ella was taken aback by that. She had never explored the idea of this kind of sexuality before. She had exposed herself to some kinks, true, but never urine- and never like this. But she had to admit... that humiliation she felt, back at the tavern... the sensation of warmth spreading down her lap, the back of her thighs... the relief of finally peeing when she had held it so long... she did enjoy it. She remembered being turned on. Why did she feel this way...?

Excella didn't give her time to answer. "You can explore that sensation all you want," She murmured quietly. "With me. You can do anything you want. Nobody will judge you. And I will always love you. You can pee any time you want... see?" She said. The draenei woman closed her eyes. A moment later, Ella would feel a hot stream pushing against her belly, under the water- Excella was peeing in the tub- onto her! The human girl was humiliated, at first, but... she came to realize how erotic it was. She blushed as she started to pee into the water as well, emptying the liquor that had refilled her bladder during their walk up. She gave a moaning sigh of relief, and touched herself just a little. "It does feel good," She replied. The draenei woman smiled and nodded. "It does."

She emptied her bladder, and then sat down back next to Ella, holding her a bit closely, her arm around her shoulders. The human girl glanced around, trying not to admit that she wanted this woman she had only met a few hours ago. She noticed a painting on the wall- a great big portrait of a draenei woman. It wasn't Excella, but it did look a bit like her- lavished in jewelry, wearing a fancy purple dress. "Who is that?" She asked, raising her hand out of the water to gesture to the picture on the wall.

Excella turned and looked up at the portrait. She gave it a faint smile- as if it had some kind of warm memory, for her. "That is the previous baroness of this estate," She replied. "Baroness Syra Vidalla. She owned all of this before I did. You will pay her the utmost respect at all times," She began to order. "Whenever you see her portrait in the hallway, you will bow to her. You will never mutter her name unless I give you permission."

Ella glanced over to the draenei, looking a little nervous. "W-what about right now?" She asked, starting to raise out of the water, bubbles dropping off her chest. "Should I bow to her now?" She asked. Excella pulled her back down, to sit in the bath once more. She shook her head. "No," She responded. "There is no need. To be naked before her is to reveal yourself fully- to hide not a bit of yourself. It is the ultimate form of respect. And I must admit, I have known this woman, and she would be pleased by the sight of your naked body," She said, looking down at Ella's chest with a smirk. "I know that I am."

Ella returned the smirk. She was starting to become more comfortable with this woman. "...I think I'm clean now," She said, as she stood up. Water ran down her body and dripped into the tub. Excella stood with her as they both stepped out, onto the smooth white stone floor. "I agree. Lets retire for the night," She replied. "You may sleep in my bed, if you wish." "I had intended it," Ella said cheekily. The draenei woman stepped to the side and got a big, fluffy white towel, wrapping her newest conquest in it. It was warm and soft, and Ella was pleased by the feel of it on her skin. Excella wrapped herself in another one, and the two of them set off down the hallway to her bedroom.

~~~

Excella's bedroom was just as lavish and elegant as the rest of her home- floor covered from wall to wall with a fancy red carpet, bookshelves lining the walls, stained glass windows leading out to a balcony high above the forest below. A fire crackled in the fireplace nearby her bed, a massive round mattress, with four posters holding up curtains that would shut out the daylight in the coming morning. The room was massive, and so it echoed- every time that Ella moaned.

She laid on her back in the middle of the bed, gripping the sheets, her hair wild and splayed out across the mattress, as she rolled her head from side to side, moaning with pleasure. Her legs were spread, knees pulled up, heels digging against the blankets as Excella pleasured her with her lips. The draenei woman dragged her tender tongue across the human girl's already moist nethers, from the bottom to the top, working her tongue against the upper seam of her pussy as she held her thighs apart with both hands. "O-ooooh, oh yes, oh, mistress!" The human girl cried, writhing and bucking her hips against her lover's mouth. Excella slipped her tongue inside, as deep as she could, wriggling it inside of her, dragging the tip along her upper seam as she tried to find her clitoris. "Does it feel good?" She asked with a smirk, licking the cum off her lower lip. Ella whimpered and nodded, squeezing the sheets even tighter.

"Y-yes... yes, oh it feels good, m-mmmnh!" She cried as she arched her back, a blush of lust burning red on her cheeks. The draenei woman slid two of her fingers inside her newest pet as she licked and kissed at her slit, her lips getting messier and more urgent as the moments passed. Ella bit her lip and cried out as Excella's lips found her clitoris, suckling gently upon it, flicking it repeatedly with the tip of her tongue. "U-unnnh, mistress, oh yes, j-just like that!" She gasped, kicking her feet out just a little in response. Excella loved this part- of course she enjoyed the sex, but the knowledge that something as simple as her tongue was turning this human into her quivering, willing, cumming slave- that sort of domination was of special interest to her.

It didn't take Excella long- Ella had been all pent up, needing this release, her heart racing as she grew hotter and wetter between the thighs from her mistresses attentions.

She had been toyed with for so long, taunted and teased, she remembered the humiliation she had felt when she had wet herself, the memory still fresh in her mind. That sensation, the pee dripping down her ankles, pooling around her feet, she recalled it and gave a squeal of delight as her mistress suckled and kissed softly at her clitoris. Her inner eyebrows turned up a little, she screwed her eyes shut and let her mouth hang open, tongue lolling out just a little.

"U-unnnh, ooooh, m-mistress, mistress I'm gonna, nnnhh, y-you're making me, a-ahh, oooh, oh mistress, I-i'm gonna, I'm gunna..." She bucked her hips against

Excella's lips one more time, as she started to gush cum in a writhing, wild orgasm, squealing her love for all of the mansion to hear. "U-unnnh, yes, yes, yes, YES, OOOOH, OH YES, MISTRESS, JUST LIKE THAT! DON'T, UNNHH, DON'T STOP! OOOOOOOOHHHH!!~<3"

And just like that, it was over. Excella pushed herself up, wiping her lips off with the back of her hand. She crawled her way up the bed, to lay alongside of her conquest, leaning in to kiss her on the lips as she ran her hand up and down the inside of her thigh, trying to keep that orgasmic feeling going as long as possible. "Did you enjoy that?" She asked with a condescending smirk, as if the answer wasn't already obvious. Ella panted with exhaustion, turning her head to the side to face her lover. "Y-yes... it was good..." She gasped out, still out of breath from the experience. Excella smiled her approval, taking the sheets and pulling them over top of them. She reached up and grabbed a few pillows, lifting her head and placing one underneath- guiding the human woman into her embrace, so that she could rest her head on her pillowy breasts.

Ella's eyes were half lidded, her body exhausted from the release of all her pent up sexual urges. Her mistress cooed softly into her ear, petting her hair fondly. "We'll do it again in the morning," She assured you. "We'll wake up, and we'll wet the bed. And then we'll fuck, right in our piss puddle," The draenei said with a giggle. "Would you like that?" Ella only nodded her head in response. She was too tired to reply. The draenei girl pulled a cord, and the curtains of the four-poster bed fell shut around them, and they were immersed in darkness.

As Ella's eyes began to shut, she felt the strangest thing. It was like a scratching, at the back of her mind- this bizarre, uncomfortable itch. She could hear whispering, like a thousand voices at once in her head, all speaking at the same time, saying the same words, with the same tone of voice. "You've done it now," It whispered into her head. "Plunged head first down the rabbit hole. It only gets darker, from here."

"What was that?" Ella asked as she raised her head, looking around in search of whoever had whispered to her, unaware that it was all in her head. Excella opened her eyes, and pursed her lips in concern. "It was nothing, my love." She murmured soothingly, petting her hair once more.

"...Go to sleep, now."

END OF CHAPTER TWO

*006*2015-08-22 07:52

I'm so glad you like it! Is there anything in particular you like or dislike? I would greatly appreciate any constructive criticism.

*008*2015-08-23 00:52

{{:

Wait, what?

}}

Oops! Thank you for catching that. I should have used a different phrase... Ella is attracted to power- PHYSICAL power, might, magical power- but she is not attracted to affluence or wealth.

*009*2015-08-23 01:05

Er... does anyone know how I can edit my post to fix that error? Do I have to have my posting restriction lifted first? Sorry, I'm new here clearly

*011*2015-08-24 14:44

{{:

If this where in the fiction section, you could edit at any time. Since this is a thread in the Fiction/Fanfiction topic, you really can't, even if you were a higher rank you would only get 24 hours to edit. Sorry about that :/

Also, this story is interesting. I haven't finished since it's rather long, but I'm getting there.

}}

Thank you for explaining that to me! I suppose it will have to stay up there, as a testament to my humanity, and capability for error. It will be a reminder of my hubris, and not to make the same mistake again.

I'm glad you find this story interesting. I hope that it continues to be interesting as I update. As I have said before, I would love to hear any criticisms you have.

I am also open to requests about short stories not involving this topic. I recently got a request to write about Satele Shan from the Star Wars universe having an accident... I'll have that one up soon, it should be fun. It may take me some time, but I would be happy to fulfill most requests.

Although I have a penchant for writing my own original characters... but a writer must be challenged if they wish to get any better at their craft.

*015*2015-09-21 03:50

I apologize, things have been very busy for me lately and I haven't found the time or the creative drive to write. Soon things should settle down and I'll post a few new stories. First I'll do one featuring Satele Shan, as requested... I only know about her in the MMO, I've never actually played KOTOR, to my great shame. After that I had an idea with some original characters... it might be a little violent and extreme... also set in the Star Wars universe. Then I plan to do the third chapter of the story I already started.

I'm so sorry it's been so long...

*016*2015-09-24 10:02

This is a short, stand-alone fiction I'm writing by request of Daveshuyi. It has no relation to my previous chapters, and likely will not be continued after this. It involves the Grand Master of the Jedi Order, Satele Shan, and will contain desperation and female wetting. I'm also going to include my own original character, just to help along the story. I hope that's not a problem.

The Grand Master's Accident

"Regardless of what you say, Master Orgus, we simply cannot afford to provide relief for the people of Balmorra!" Master Kaedan said, as always stressing caution and patience. Master

Kaedan was wise, of course, but the man never seemed to want to take action. It would have been frustrating, if he didn't make such a good point. "The peace treaty is already unstable as it is, and Balmorra is under imperial occupation! We would risk re-igniting the war, and we simply don't have the resources! The Order must stay neutral in these things."

"Those people are suffering, Jaric," Replied Master Orgus Din. He was always a bit unconventional, a little rough around the edges, but his heart was in the right place. If only he could come up with a good excuse, Satele would have gladly taken his side. "The Imperials slaughter and enslave them. We must send relief. The republic is already backing the rebellion with munitions and supplies. They would benefit greatly from the wisdom of a Jedi tactician on the field."

"We can't just go around babysitting the republic! Did you forget why we came to Tython in the first place? To rediscover our roots, draw inspiration from the first Jedi, and more importantly, to recover from the devastation of the assault on the Jedi temple! We just don't have the resources, Orgus!"

Satele just wanted the argument to come to an end. She had her thighs crossed, sitting back and listening to the counsel of each jedi master quietly. On the outside, she seemed as composed and logical as ever, but inside she was growing more and more impatient. These discussions always went on for hours, and nothing ever really got done. One Jedi argues for action, the other argues against it, and they bicker back and forth as if they were never taught how to have a civilized meeting in their lives. The Grand Master would never make these thoughts known, of course- and it wasn't as if she disliked the meetings. She held great respect for her fellow masters and their opinions, and more often than it seemed, things got done. Right now, however, she was more concerned with the amount of tea she had before the meeting. She squeezed her thighs shut a little tighter.

"Last I recalled, Jaric, it was our job to be peacekeepers. Our relations with the galactic senate are tenuous enough as it is. If we can't offer the Balmorrans aid, and a seat in the senate-"

"Enough," Satele said, her authoritative and assured voice echoing throughout the chamber. "Clearly this is a matter that must be handled delicately. It would be foolhardy to make any decisions right this second. I believe it is in the order's best interest to provide aid, but Master Orgus makes an excellent point. We must gather more information before we can make a decision. To that end, I'm drawing this discussion to a close. We will meditate on this, and come back to it again in the near future."

The two wrinkled Masters turned to listen to her. Kaedan seemed upset that the discussion was still on the table, but Orgus Din nodded his head in approval at Satele's motion. Perhaps he just wanted to get the meeting over with. It was obvious he never enjoyed council discussions as much as the other Masters. "A wise decision, Grand Master," he said as he scooted out his chair. Satele did the same and left the chambers, in just a bit of a hurry. She sighed with relief as she headed down the hall.

Embarrassing as it was, even for a trained and tested Jedi as herself, she found she simply could not concentrate with the growing pressure in her bladder. Constantly sipping tea was one way to get through the lengthy council sessions, but it always backfired on her like this. She was a Jedi Master. Something as simple as a full bladder should not bother her. But it had been hours since she needed to go... she dismissed the thought. It would not do well to judge herself over this. Caring for the body was a necessity, and the body's functions were not a thing to be ashamed of.

She made her way down the descending ramp to the bottom floor- each step down bouncing her bulging full bladder uncomfortably- and rounded the corner to her private chambers.

For a moment, she experienced that overwhelming need, the way a person feels when they need to relieve themselves badly and are within inches of a bathroom- when she entered her chambers and found them occupied. A maintenance crew was inside with an astromech droid checking the pipes. "What's going on here?" She asked, unable to hide a hint of annoyance and impatience in her voice. "Sorry, Master," one of the crewmen said with a curt, respectful bow. "Something's wrong with the pipes. There's too much backflow, and the pressure regulator's-"

"I see," She said as she raised her hand up, stopping the man mid sentence. She didn't care about the technological jargon at this moment. "I thank you for keeping everything in order.

In the future, though, I ask that you run this by me before you come into my chambers to make repairs. Will you be done any time soon?"

"As you say, Grand Master. This might take a little while. Again, I'm sorry for the inconvenience." Satele pursed her lips in her trademark expression of concern. "Very well," She responded. She didn't even give a proper farewell as she turned on her heel and walked back out of the room. She bit her lip a little when nobody was watching. As the door shut behind her, she bent over double, rather shamefully pressing both her hands into her crotch. "Oooh..." She groaned as the pressure became unbearable. She gathered her composure and moved along. She would have to use the public facilities, it seemed.

Only, when she arrived there, she found herself encountering another strange situation. A Jedi Master, male, was standing in the women's restroom with his arms crossed across his chest sternly, watching a group of young padawan learners on their hands and knees, painstakingly scrubbing each toilet and sink and inch of the floor with... toothbrushes. "What's the meaning of this?" She asked, becoming increasingly annoyed with each little obstacle. It wasn't the Jedi way, to lose her composure like this, but she needed to PEE, bad! The master turned to look at her, giving her a respectful bow. She returned the gesture, grunting slightly at the pressure it put on her abdomen.

"Grand Master. These are my padawans, here, and I am giving them a lesson in patience," he said, gesturing to the gifted boys and girls cleaning the room. "I caught a few of them attempting to plagiarize the writings of the venerable Jedi Master Vodo-Siosk Baas. I had hoped that an intimate experience with the archives would teach them the importance of patience, as well as show them what it means to be a Jedi, but they chose the easy route. Remember always, that the quick and easy way is the path to the dark side, padawans!" He said, raising his voice at his grumbling students. "I assure you, when they are done, Grand Master, you should be able to see your own reflection on every surface of this room."

Satele narrowed her eyes. This was becoming absurd. This kind of punishment for cheating was preposterous, yet... it was each master's right to teach their pupils however they see fit.

"I should hope your students will understand the meaning of patience after this," She said, turning on her heel and leaving in an improper display of impatience. She gritted her teeth a little. Her urge was becoming more and more unbearably overwhelming, and left with little choice, she left the temple and decided the only way she would find relief was in the woods of Tython.

She trotted her way down the front staircase, past all the training grounds where initiates with vibroswords were learning to block blaster bolts, past the initiates meditating in the waterfalls, deeper and deeper into the woods. After having gone a distance she considered satisfactory to ensure privacy, she gave one last cursory glance around, before finding a tree and starting to undo her belt. Sweet relief would come in just a moment. She hadn't felt so desperate in a long time. It was unbecoming, of a woman her age, much less a Jedi Master, to squat and pee on a tree, but at this point she simply didn't care. And then-

"G-grand Master Satele?" She heard a voice behind her. She quickly did her belt back up and turned on her heel sharply. Behind her was a little padawan learner- a young girl, Mirilan by the look of her, bright white hair and orangish-green skin, with cultural tattoos dotting underneath her bright yellow eyes like little freckles. She was young, and clearly very inexperienced, and should not have been out here. "Padawan, what are you doing so deep in the woods?" She asked. "There are wild beasts out here."

"A... A jedi must not fear," She said nervously. She was clearly a bit afraid, but she wasn't wrong. "My master has given me a very important mission!" She said, her voice squeaky and adorable. She was so very young... "He told me, umm, to go, and to find some mushroom. Umm, but I can't remember what kind of mushroom... I think it was blue... no, wait, it was green! And it glows? I don't know..." She said, putting a finger to her lips as she mused aloud. Young, innocent, and a bit dimwitted. But she exuded force, in a way Satele had not seen in a long time. This silly little girl would one day become a powerful jedi, the Grand Master could feel it in the force. But she didn't care right now. At this moment, all she was, was one more obstacle between her and the sweet, sweet relief she simply MUST have!

She sucked in air and gave a sigh, willing herself to be patient. "Padawan, what is your name?" She asked. The white haired girl blushed at being asked directly by the Grand Master of the Jedi Order who she was. "U-umm, it's Xeni," She said. "Oh!" She bowed suddenly, as if she had forgotten to do it earlier. "Padawan Xeni. Pleased to meet you, Master!" She said. Satele puckered the corner of her lip into a smirk at this girl's behavior. "Padawan Xeni. I understand your master has given you a task, but you must return to the temple. It is far too dangerous out here, and I must take care of an urgent matter. Alone," She said, turning and starting to walk away. The girl trotted up and followed her.

"What is it!?" She asked excitedly, the prospect of a mission that concerned even the great Satele Shan making her eager. "M-maybe I can help!" She said. Satele grunted in discomfort as she was forced to stop and talk again. "Padawan, you can't help me with this," She said, her patience running thin. She was barely managing to hold on at this point. She continued to trot away, and once again, the girl followed. "H-how do you know that?" She asked, a bit impetuously. "Maybe I can!"

"Padawan, you must-" Satele said, and then she stopped, groaning and holding onto a nearby tree for support as she bent over. "...Master?" The mirilan girl asked, cocking her head to the side curiously. "Is everything alright? You look like you're in pain..." Satele shook her head. "I'm fine, Padawan, just-" She stopped and bent over double again. This was it. She was at her absolute limit. She could feel it. She couldn't move an inch from this spot, or she would pee. She couldn't even reach down to undo her belt and pull her pants down. A blush streaked across her face just for a moment as she realized what was about to happen. "Just... please, turn away," She said, her thighs trembling, the bulge of her bladder in her lower belly trembling. Xeni couldn't look away, she was so concerned, having no understanding of what was going on.

Then Satele could feel it. She gasped a little as she felt hot wetness between her thighs, spreading across her lap. Time was up, and her tolerance had been pushed to the limit. "No, no..." She murmured as she started to spurt again and again into her panties. The other girl gasped and covered her mouth as she saw what was happening. Satele's amber-brown pants started to darken under her butt, rivulets started to run down the back of her thighs. She could feel the warm wetness soaking down the inside of her legs, and she couldn't do anything more about it. There was no avoiding it- she HAD to wet her pants! 

After moments of struggling, she realized it was futile, and just gave in. Satele groaned with glorious relief as she let go fully, a hissing stream hitting her panties as she shamelessly wet herself, waterfalls of urine rushing down the inside of her legs, soaking her pants. The wet patch went down her thighs, to her knees, down the front and backs of her shins, into her boots... she was embarrassed, of course, but the relief had never felt so good. She almost felt sexually pleasured- she had to quickly remind herself that sexual pleasure was not an indulgence meant for Jedi. She sighed as the last drops trickled out of her, and turned to face the padawan who had interrupted her and forced her to pee herself.

"Well... are you satisfied?" She asked. The padawan shook her head. "M-Master, I'm so sorry, I didn't know! I-I didn't mean to, I..." She didn't know what to do. Satele shook her head. "Do not trouble yourself. You couldn't have known," She said with a sigh as she looked down at herself and examined the damage. Her lap was totally soaked with pee. "...This does leave us in an awkward situation, padawan. It is not right of me to ask this of you... it is not my personal pride, but the reputation of the Jedi Order as a whole that is at stake here. I must ask you to keep this a secret. If it were made public knowledge that the Grand Master of the Jedi order..." She swallowed, embarrassed at just saying the words. "...soiled her pants... it would damage our credibility as an order."

The Mirilan girl nodded her head over and over in understanding. "O-of course!" She said. "Of course I wouldn't tell anybody! I-I promise!" She said. Satele sighed and nodded. "Thank you. It goes against the code to ask a padawan learner to keep a secret. I'm sorry it had to come to this." Xeni was blushing, embarrassed for HER at this point. Then, her mouth went open into a little 'o' of surprise, as she got an idea. "I know what to do!" She said. "I'll go pee in my pants too!" Satele narrowed her eyebrows in concern. "Padawan, that isn't necessary, I wouldn't ask that of you-..."

But at this point, it was too late. The white haired girl clutched her hands into fists, holding them up near her chin, screwing her eyes shut as she tried to force herself to go. She trembled for a little bit- it wasn't easy to wet yourself when you spent most of your life being taught that it wasn't allowed. Then she gasped and looked down as her tight, golden training leggings started to darken. She whimpered as she peed, an apple sized wet patch between her legs growing bigger and bigger across her lap and down the inside of her legs, dripping off her knees onto the ground. 

She unconsciously had her knees knocking together, her feet spread apart, sighing with relief as she wet herself, too. She wiped her brow off with the back of her hand as the golden rivulets slowed to a trickle. Her pants were very wet, and it was obvious she had an accident, but she wasn't nearly as soaked as the desperate Grand Master was. "T-there!" She said, smiling back at Satele. "Now, I'll keep your accident a secret, if you keep mine a secret." She was practically bubbly, not the least bit ashamed of purposefully wetting her pants like a little girl.

Satele was concerned, even more embarrassed she had to be 'helped' like this. "Padawan, you didn't need to do that," She scolded a little. But then she smiled back. "But it would be rude of me not to thank you, for trying to make me feel better." She glanced around, trying to see if anybody else had seen them. "Come with me, Padawan Xeni. Let us meditate underneath a waterfall awhile. I will help you refine your connection to the force, and after we are done, nobody will know what has happened here today."

The padawan gasped in awe at having a personal meditation session with the Grand Master. "Yes, Master!" She said cheerily as she bounced along after Satele. "It would be an honor!"

*019*2015-09-25 07:11

{{:

That was the most amazing story i have everread on this site!!!! Please do more star wars!!

}}

{{:

That was so Awsome and sweet of the hound ladies night to do to help the grand master

}}

Thank you so much for your comments! I'm so glad whenever my writing makes people happy. I certainly plan to do more star wars in the future.

I don't mean to sound condescending, but... English isn't your first language, is it Minervafan110?

*020*2015-09-25 10:59

This next story takes place in the star wars universe, and will completely involve only my original characters. It may be a little bit graphic. It will involve sex and nudity. It will also involve violence and torture. It also will involve a character of a species known as Twi'lek- Here is a picture below. This Twi'lek is red- in my story, the twi'lek involved is blue.

The Subjugation of Arcadia Banes

Her name was Ciper Thirteen.

Once upon a time, she had many different names. Before she was Ciper Thirteen, she was Watcher Eight. Before she was Watcher Eight, she was Minder Eleven. Before she was Minder Eleven, she was a girl named Mizori Maqis. She was pathetic back then. She didn't know her place, she didn't know what it meant to be who she was. She was unaware of her particular talents- skills picked up over time, living as a homeless Twi'lek vagrant on the streets of Nar Shadda. She didn't realize her talents could be put to use- her ability to sense when someone was watching her, her ability to sense what a person was deep down inside. She thought that everybody had those talents- she thought it was what she had to do to survive.

Mizori Maqis was both right and wrong. She had to have these talents to live, homeless and desperate as she was, but not everybody had them.

She came to understand, with the right influence, that she was gifted- that the simple, sad life she lived was being watched, analyzed, scrutinized, every single day by Imperial Intelligence recruiters. She was special. The first day she was told this, the day that she would come out of her life of scrounging off nutrient paste and ration bars, was the first day she came to understand what a Sith was.

The Sith were the pinnacle of existence. They were gods and goddesses, as far as Mizori Maqis, now known as Cipher Thirteen, was concerned.

They were the ultimate, the unstoppable, the unknowable force behind the Sith Empire. They were the reason she existed in the first place- her true calling. Living in the empire was easy. The other aliens, Twi'lek forced by society into bar dancing, other species forced into menial, mindless positions, they didn't understand. They didn't come to realize that all they were, to the Sith, were simply animals. Objects to be used. But Mizori Maqis knew, she knew her position so well.

The other agents, they despised the Sith, considering them to be distractions. Cipher Thirteen didn't. The other agents, they only wanted to get their job done, they only wanted to get a paycheck and go home. Cipher Thirteen didn't. The other agents thought they would spend the entirety of their lives, cleaning up after the Sith's messes- Mizori Maqis didn't. She knew the truth- she lived to serve. And she would be a good little servant, oh yes- she knew the rewards that would come, for ingratiating herself to the ultimate power in the universe.

The Sith were dark, and twisted- they thrived off pain, off fear and suffering. So did she. They were sadistic, egotistic- so was she. They knew exactly what they wanted, and would accept nothing less than perfection- neither would she. Mizori Maqis felt, deep in her heart, that she was truly Sith. She knew what they wanted, deep down in their hearts. She thought she knew what they deserved- true, and ultimate power. It was her failure, that she was not force sensitive. It was her fault, she couldn't be Sith. 

She hated herself for it, hated, HATED- Her hate was so strong, all it did was drive her to be greater. She began as a simple Minder. Yes, she would work her way through the ranks. Always ambitious, her position tracking people did not last long. Soon she was ordering others around, telling them how best to torture their subjects into giving up choice bits of information. But that wasn't good enough. Keeper saw her potential, and knew the blue Twi'lek Mizori Maqis would serve Intelligence better by doing the torture herself.

And so she did.

Torture came naturally to her- all that time, living on the streets, beaten up by thugs, cast aside by the law, she had so much hate, hate, HATE built up inside of her, hurting other people came easily. She knew just the right tools, and when to use them- when to use violence, when to barter, when to be diplomatic, when to use her sexuality- and she was a sexual creature. It was an easy tool to use, her body- she was attractive. She might have been a starved, dirty street rat when she was young, but living on Intelligence's credits had given her a wonderful body. Curvaceous, supple, soft, her eyebrows naturally slanted into that aggressive, dominatrix expression that men and women alike found oh so irresistible- her breasts full, but not obscenely large- her bottom well shaped, but not absurdly thick- she was the ideal average of feminine beauty. It served her well. It would continue to serve her well.

Today was a day like any other- serving her chosen master, like the obedient tool she was. Her holocommunicator beeped with an incoming message, and she did not bother to answer it. She knew who it was- somehow, inside her mind, she could feel it. Instead she quickly went over, from Intelligence Headquarters, down towards the inner sanctum of the Sith. Her master was calling her, she knew it, she wanted to serve him, she was overjoyed to serve him, felt her panties grow damp simply at the concept of serving him, she would have done anything for him, crossed half the galaxy simply to bring him a glass of water, she loved him so. Mizori Maqis was obsessed with him, and that was exactly how he wanted it.

As she came into the entrance of his dominion, she felt his power. She gave a futile cry of pain as she was crippled by it, forced to walk hunched over. She went deeper, deeper into this Sith's domain. His chambers were intentionally constructed to feel twisting and ominous, to feel wrong, as if she were walking on the walls, in the wrong place, designed as if she were descending into hell. The closer she got, the more pressure she felt, on her back, and it forced her to bow. She got closer, and it forced her onto her knees, to crawl. She had to crawl, like a child, closer and closer to her master, the power of his force was so overwhelming. Her master's power was in gravity- the force he exuded created a gravitational effect so strong she could not keep on her knees. It made her damper. Her little Intelligence supplied skirt, so short, anyone who was watching or standing behind her would have seen her cotton panties, damp with lust for this Sith, she loved him so.

She was forced to crawl, further and further into his sanctum, until the pressure upon her became unbearable. Now, was her favorite part. It was humiliating, degrading... it made her feel like the animal she truly was, the pathetic alien she was. She trembled and gave a cry of both lust and pain, the pressure was so much. She felt the warmth first, whimpering and whining the whole while. "U-uunnnh, ohh, oh master, ooooh, oh..." She gasped and sighed, as she felt her bladder emptying itself from the pressure.

"Nnnnh, I-I can't, oooh, I can't hold on, a-ahhh, master, oh master, your power, u-uuunnh, oooh!" She threw her head back, lekku flung over her shoulders, as she was forced to wet herself. Her panties grew hot and damp with her urine, her golden fluids running through the white cotton panties into her black uniform skirt, drenching the insides of her thighs, running all over her legs, down to her knees, where it pooled around her, below her, around her knees and legs, as she was forced onto her hands and knees. She moaned with pleasure from the sensation of being forced to urinate in her skirt, and kept on crawling.

The closer and closer she got, the more overwhelming her master's power became. She trembled, shuddered as she reached the end of her limit. This was when the second humiliation began. It was not the first, and it would not be the last. She whimpered, and shivered, as the fear began to enter her mind. She had been well acquainted with the Sith- she knew the internal horror a single Darth could create, simply by being, but it never ceased to overwhelm her. She grunted and gave a moan of despair, as she felt her panties start to tent. 

"N-nnnh, a-ahh, master, I-I'm doing it, I can't control..." She murmured, as the tent in her panties grew bigger, and bigger. Wetting herself was not enough- the terror, at this point, forced her to soil herself. Mizori Maqis felt the tent in her panties mush into a mound, and she both moaned with pleasure and sobbed with terror as she was forced to soil herself. She groaned as she crawled a bit further, and was forced by the sheer gravity of his force onto her belly, feeling the feces in her panties sagging and dragging along behind her. She would have to crawl like a snake, skirt soaked in urine, panties filled with feces, closer and closer to her master.

Soon, she arrived at him, still forced onto the ground, grovelling before him. "Master," She called, desperately, obediently, feeling her pussy quiver and gush cum into her underpants simply at being in the presence of him. "My master, my lord, Darth Infinitus, I am here," She murmured, her cheek forced against the cold durasteel floor. "I obey, master. I am here at your call."

Darth Infinitus cast an imposing presence. His robes, red, embroidered with dark and unknown black runes, sitting in his throne with his hands upon the arm rests, the force flowing from him as if he were unable to stop it. His face was unseen, a large, conical mask covering his head, a great big hole in the middle of the mask being his only outlet to the world outside his mind. He could not smell the humiliation he had put his willing, obedient servant through, but he knew she had done it. He paid it no attention. She would not be the first, nor the last, to void their bowels into their pants at his presence. "Cipher Thirteen," he said, his voice echoing throughout the chamber, creating the illusion that there was only him, only his voice, nothing else to distract the soiled twi'lek woman from his presence. "You remain as obedient as ever. Continue to serve me as you have, and you will be rewarded as you deserve."

Mizori Maqis shuddered and felt herself gush cum into her panties in a second orgasm, simply at his words. She could not contain herself in his presence. "How may I serve you, your worship?" She asked, still forced against the floor.

"There is a betrayer, among the Sith," He boomed, his voice filling her ears like a toxic liquid. "A Sith who would work against us- who would disrupt the Dark Council." As he spoke, he gripped the arms of his throne more tightly, incensed with rage at the mere thought of this betrayer among them. "We only know her as Darth Mist," He said. "You will find her. You will pry her secrets from her, learn who she is, and tell those secrets to me. And then, you will destroy her. But more importantly-" 

He raised his hand, as if to halt any thought Mizori Maqis had in her pathetic little head- and she did not think, only listened, and obeyed. "More importantly, you will break her. Humiliate, destroy her soul. Make her pay, for even the thought, of betraying our glorious order. Her secrets are a secondary objective- Cipher Thirteen, you will break this woman into pieces. Shatter her, make her your slave, and then, when you are done, you will deliver her to us," He finished, letting his hand fall back down to the throne and grip the arm of the chair once again. "And we will kill her."

"Yes, master," His willing twi'lek slave replied, her cheek still pushed against the floor. He raised his hand to her, forcing her mind to stop- he was not finished. "This woman, Darth Mist, has proven difficult to capture. Three agents, like yourself, have been sent to capture her. They have returned to us, sliced into millimeter sized chunks," He warned her. "You will not fail me, or you will die. And it will not be at my hand."

"Of course, Master," She replied, still grovelling. "I shall not fail you."

And so she would not.

Mizori Maqis would next find herself sitting upon a terrace, in Kaas City, the great city of Dromund Kaas. Wanted by the sith as she was, this Sith,

"Darth Mist" as she was called, was allowed to come and go as she pleased. No imperial security would stop her- she was a Sith, and had authority over there. Cipher Thirteen tracked her carefully through the sights of her sniper rifle. This woman carried herself carefully. She was covered, from head to toe, not an inch of her skin exposed, absolutely no risk to her identity. She wore flowing, purple and blue robes, embroidered with lightning marks, as was customary for a sorceress as herself.

She wore a mask, which completely covered her head and face, engraved with the pattern of a human brain, covered with a face-plate and adorned with blue feathers. For anyone else, the face plate would get in the way. But this woman was clearly strong in the dark side- every step she took was deliberate and paced. She began to cross the lone, abandoned bridge that Mizori Maqis had been posted at, and the blue Twi'lek tracked her with the rifle. She was ready to fire- it would all be over in moments.

Suddenly, this robed Darth turned her head, and looked- it was impossible to tell where her eyes were, but it was obvious she was staring straight at Cipher Thirteen and her sniper rifle. Mizori was unnerved, and pulled the trigger- the sedative dart landing straight in the other woman's neck. She stayed standing, staring at the woman with the unknown expression of rage and guilt- and Mizori suddenly felt ashamed, as if she were doing something wrong, as she fired again and again, filling the woman with three, four, five sedative darts.

The robed Darth, she continued to stare- even as her knees went weak, her legs collapsed under her, and she fell to the floor, completely unconscious, her face stayed transfixed upon Mizori Maqis, and the Twi'lek shuddered. She felt the urge to wet herself again, as she felt whenever she entered Darth Infinitus' chambers. But she resisted it. Later, she collected the body of the unconscious woman... and dragged her to her ship. She would interrogate her in the deep of space, between two systems, wholly untracable and alone.

There, and only there, would the torture begin.

((I would love to continue this story and see it to it's end, but I'm simply too tired to continue writing. I will write part 2 next. Please, let me know what you think so far!))

*023*2015-09-27 07:23

{{:

Please more! You write so well!!!

Although messing is not really my thing

}}

I'm afraid to admit that messing will become more and more prominent in my stories, but I'll be sure to do a few where there's only pee, just for you, and others who agree with you. Next up is Part 2 of The Subjugation of Arcadia Banes. We'll see if I have time for that tonight

*026*2015-10-06 21:11

{{:

Thank you for these fine contributions, and for bringing Sateele Shan to my attention. I'm typically interested in fear accidents, but you've done a such a good job communicating the humiliation of these 'normal' accidents that I have to applaud you.

If you're interested in messing, there's a fair number of us who would like to see Sateele Shan having a messing accident (perhaps even from fear). You might find the fear angle a bit far-fetched for a Jedi, but the angle we take is that it's additionally humiliating to have failed so utterly to purge herself of fear.

}}

My, what an honor! To have the great livinginfinite themselves commenting on my stories. I've known about your work even before I knew about this website, it's really fantastic stuff. I appreciate your approach to your artwork, it has a rather impressionist sort of appeal to it. Honestly, it belongs in a gallery.

Fear wetting is one thing, but I've never written any fear soiling. I'll take it as a challenge, and try to incorporate it. I already have an idea for a Satele incident that seems to be so badly wanted... but before that, I'd like to finish the current story I'm working on. It's a four-part story, so I still have 3 parts left to go. Maybe I will finish the second part tonight.

Just for you, I'll include a fear soiling in it. I think I can work it in quite nicely, considering it revolves heavily around torture and mind control.

Perhaps it is too much to ask, but I would be grateful if you would consider doing a picture of some of my original characters. Maybe from the next segment of my story, the topic seems to be down your alley. Of course, I understand you're probably busy with other commissions, though!

