Ashly the Marine Biologist

Author: alleycat89

*000*2011-09-09 17:53

Here is a story I wrote about an intern marine biologist Ashly and her first experience. I will post additional stories about females in various job positions that limit the ability to urinate over the next few days.

CONTAINS: Male/Female Desperation, Intentional Urination, Wetting

5am - Ashly had always loved the ocean. In the summer her family would often vacation at one of the local beaches and she liked walking along the shore line, listening to the surf and examining the creatures that would wash up on the shore.

It would come as no surprise then that Ashly had chosen a path as a marine biologist for her college coursework. Now in her senior year, she was spending an internship with a prestigious company on the west coast, with the hopes of landing a job with them after her schooling was complete.

She had been working for them for about a month when her boss came up to her and asked her how she felt about going on a submersible operation.

Some of the scientists were going to go examine one of the local coral beds in the company's mini-sub. Of course Ashly jumped at the opportunity!

The group was leaving early in the morning and Ashly was down at the dock promptly at 6am to meet everyone and get ready. On the excursion were two male scientists, Alvin (45) and John (36); a female scientist, Melissa (27) ; and Ashly (22). As it was a cool morning Ashly had worn a tank top and stretch jeans. Melissa was dressed similarly in a pair of form fitting white pants and a sweater. The two guys were wearing polo shirts and jeans.

6am - Ashly, Alvin, John, and Melissa boarded the excursion vessel and headed out to sea. The waters were calm and the sky was shaping up to be clear. About 45 minutes later they arrived at the dive site.

6:45am -

JOHN: OK, we'll be ready to dive in about 10 minutes. Ashly, we'll get you in first and help you and then the three of us will get in behind you.

ASHLY: Sounds good. I'm so excited about this!

Ashly thought for a moment, and although she was shy decided she had best ask about facilities before they get into the sub -- where she was sure there was nothing. "Hey, before I get in, I should probably go to the bathroom, where can I do that?"

ALVIN: This is one of our smaller ships and doesn't really have proper facilities, but there is a makeshift bathroom over there behind that wall. You'll find a bucket you can use and there should be toilet paper.

Ashly thanked Alvin and hurried off behind the wall. For a moment she hesitated but then figured she had best try. She pulled down her jeans and pink panties and hovered over the bucket... for a minute... then two. She had never peed in a bucket before and this wasn't easy. Finally she just gave up and pulled her pants back up. She didn't need to go that bad anyway, it was just a precaution.

Ashly quickly hurried back to the group.

MELISSA: There you are! We thought maybe you had gone over board. Hurry up then, lets get you in.

Melissa was positioned in the back left corner of the sub, which was comprised on the sides and front entirely of glass. She took her seat and John climbed in beside her. Then Melissa and Alvin climbed in in the front.

ALVIN: OK, don't be alarmed, there will be a small bump as the ship releases us into the water.

And with that the sub was now operating on its own power, free of any kind of tether line.

ASHLY: How deep are we going?

JOHN: About 100 feet down.

ASHLY: You don't know how excited I am to be here with you guys.

7:30am - The sub had now descended to the operating depth and Alvin and Melissa were operating some claw arms on the front and collecting samples. Alvin was explaining things to Ashly who was fully engrossed in the situation. At this point Ashly's bladder was a little full, but nothing anyone would worry about.

8:00am - Now one hour into the undersea excursion the scientists had traversed part of the undersea coral bed.

MELISSA: Ashly, now we're going to go look at one of the habitats of some of the local fish. There have been some reports of disease in this area. It's about half a mile to our east and another 50 feet down.

As the craft propelled along Ashly looked out the windows at the ocean life and landscape. She knew she had picked the right career choice!

8:45am - The sub arrived at the underwater rock ledge where the fish lived. Now just about three hours into the trip, Ashly was feeling a need to pee -- but knowing there was nothing in the sub she thought it silly to ask... and she surely didn't want to seem uninterested by asking how much longer they'd be underwater so she just crossed her legs and silently held her water.

9:00am - As the sub was maneuvering around a rock wall while Alvin was trying to point one of the headlamps into a rock cove there was a loud thud, followed by a scraping noise and then a down pitched wurring noise followed by complete silence except for a little bit of ocean water burble.

JOHN: I think we just hit our main engine on one of these rocks.

ALVIN: That's not good. Do we still have radio contact with the surface?

MELISSA: Yes, let me get ahold of them.

Melissa spoke with the crew on the ship and let them know where they were and the issue plagueing them.

John and Alvin tried to get the motor running again, but without success.

ASHLY: Are we going to be OK? I mean, do we have enough air?

JOHN: Yes, air won't be a problem. The system has a large reserve battery to power the re-breather system.

MELISSA: The crew says they are going to go back to shore and get one of the larger boats with a pull line on it. It's going to be about 45 minutes back and probably another hour and a half until they get the other boat loaded up and back to us. We should be fine though in that period of time, we'll just get to know each other better.

9:30am - By now Ashly was acutely aware of her need to empty her bladder and was not looking forward to waiting another hour or two until she could pee.

ASHLY: Does this happen often?

JOHN: Ha, no. I've been doing this for 30 years and this is the first time I've been stuck at the bottom in a sub.

The crew passed time by talking about their past and their career aspirations. Ashly crossed her legs tightly and applied pressure to her crotch whenever she thoughts no one was looking. She thought she might have seen a bit of desperation in the eyes of Melissa as well, but wasn't sure. The conversation began to slow as each of them gazed out the window wondering how long it would be until their rescue arrived.

10am - Now 4 hours since Ashly had lasted urinated, her bladder was extremely full and beginning to protest. None the less she knew there was no bathroom here so saw no point in meantioning it. Instead, she undid the top button of her jeans to relieve a little pressure on her tummy. It helped a bit but not much.

ALVIN: Gosh, I'm sorry guys and gals, I wasn't planning on being down here this long. I've really got to pee, I hope you don't mind if I use this bottle?

Alvin produced a juice bottle, presumably left over from his breakfast.

JOHN: Hey, you gotta do what you gotta do. I'm not doing great, but I'm not that bad yet.

Melissa gave Alvin a bit of a glare. ALVIN: Hey, do you have a better idea?

With that he pulled out his penis and began to pee into the bottle.

Ashly had a clear view of the entire event and was not excited at all. In fact the site of Alvin getting his much needed relief and no chance for herself made her need all the more great. She had to muster up all of her strength to keep her pants dry. About that time Melissa shouted out, "and just what are us girls suppose to do? We've got bladders too you know!".

JOHN: I dunno, can you find something to pee into?

Apparently Melissa had been just as desperate as Ashly but had been hiding it very well.

MELISSA: I don't care how long I've worked with you, I'm not bearing my privates!

JOHN: Fine, suit yourself. You can find a container to pee into, or sit there in agony.

Unfortunately there was a third option he didn't meantion. And neither Ashly or Melissa wanted to think about it. But there were definite limits to their bladder capacities and both of them were reaching it.

The radio crackled: We are about 15 minutes out from your location now.

Melissa answered with a bit of a strained voice, "Thank you. Please hurry, we have a situation developing here... nothing life or death, just biological."

"We'll be there as soon as we can," replied the radio.

At 10:25 the first flood began. Ashly was surprised it wasn't her. Melissa left out a small gasp, put her one hand over her mouth and the other jammed deep into her womanhood. "I think I just peed a little", Melissa confided in Ashly. "We're both in this together," said Ashly, "although if there was anything to pee into, I'd be using it about this time!"

Overhearing Ashly, Alvin dug around a bit and produced a small flask. "you can use this if you'd like", he said. It would be better than wetting your pants.

Ashly thought about it for a moment. She hardly knew these guys and she didn't fancy showing herself off to them, but what other option did she have? "Thanks", she said, as she took the flash from Alvin.

Ashly got up on her seat... hesitated for a moment and then pulled her jeans down just enough to uncover her pink panties. "OK", she thought... now for my underwear. Being in this position with her pants down her bladder protested and sent a small shot of pee out of her urethra through her panties! There was an audible splatter on the seat below her and she instantly turned beat red, but said nothing in hopes no one else had noticed.

She quickly pulled her panties down, now bearing her pussy to every on the small craft. There was to be no privacy, and Ashly now understood why Melissa was so resistive to urinating here. Both of the guys could clearly see Ashly's shaved twat even if they tried not to.

Ashly positioned the flask under her pee hole and relaxed her bladder. At first nothing came. A horrifying reality! Her bladder was so full and yet nothing was coming out.

Melissa was trying to think about what Ashly was doing. There was no way she was going to do that. She HAD to wait... even as she felt the dampness in her yellow thong from her previous leak.

Ashly finally managed to get her stream moving and urinated for a least a minute. Filling the flask completely. Melissa left out a little whimper as the sight of Ashly getting sweet relief caused her bladder to go over the limit and release another -- longer spurt of hot urine. Her thong was now soaked and her pants were beginning to get wet. She knew she had no choice.

ASHLY: So now what do I do with this? she asked completely beat red.

ALVIN: Hand it here, I'll put a lid on it and we'll just pretend this didn't happen.

ASHLY: Thanks, you're so kind.

MELISSA: OK... I wasn't going to do this... this is totally killing my pride and dignity, but I have to pee. Is there anything else in here?

Alvin and John looked around the craft.

JOHN: I think Ashly used the last available container.

"CRAP!", said Melissa - her face turning a shade of pink and tears welling up in her eyes as she said, "I don't think I can wait until we get to the surface".

Ashly tried to comfort her. John looked at the crotch of Melissa's pants as Melissa lost control again releasing a 3 second long deluge into her white pants. Melissa's thong was now clearly visible behind her tight white pants.

ALVIN: Melissa, you're going to pee either way, why not just pee on the floor of the sub? I know it's disgusting, but you'll at least save your pants from further damage -- and well that's where it's going to end up anyway.

MELISSA: I can't... I just can't... out of principle.

Melissa shoved her hands deep into her crotch. It was throbbing and undulating with her incredible urge to urinate and her desire to hold it in.

RADIO: We are now ready to drop the line to you.

JOHN: We are waiting to accept it.

"OH YES!", shouted Melissa, "only a little longer now."

Now over 4 and a half hours since they had left shore, Melissa was uncertain if she could hold it another 10 minutes... but wetting herself any more was not an option.

As the line was dropped down.. Alvin and John helped guide it into position.

RADIO: OK, we're going to pull you up now. Due to the concern with damage, it's going to be slow moving but we'll get you to the top.

Fighting back tears and with one hand massaging her pussy Melissa asked into the radio, "how long is slow?"

RADIO: Probably 20-30 minutes.

With that Melissa broke down into a full out cry knowing there was no way she would be maintaining her dignity. And with that her bladder had had enough. A flood escaped through her thong into her white pants, pooling down her legs and leaving an aroma throughout the entire sub.

This was not something Melissa had planned on... and now not only was it bad enough that she had wet pants, her yellow thong and white pants hit nothing from the imagination.

"Wow! I never knew you weren't a natural blonde!", Alvin joked as he looked at the neatly shaved mound now clearly visible at Melissa's crotch.

"Don't... just don't", said Melissa, now crying with her face hidden behind her hands. She tried to maintain her dignity by crossing her legs, but knew she would eventually have to get out of the sub in front of her other co-workers.

About this time the sub was making it to the surface. And Ashly was thankful, as her bladder was beginning to fill again.

*004*2011-09-23 16:54

{{: 

I really liked that story. It was different. I like the twist that the other girl peed her pants and not the first girl. Thank you for sharing nice work.

}}

No problem. I'll try some more here when I have some time to write.

