For the Boyfriend

Author: DearPrince

*000*2013-03-16 21:58

(MALE DESPERATON, NO WETTING!)

Echizen Ryoma squirmed on the smooth covers, every inch of his body begging to release the pee inside of him. He felt like he was holding a large lake inside his overfull bladder, and at the thought, he moaned and squeezed his crotch tightly with both hands. He couldn't believe what his stupid boyfriend was doing, accidentally locking both bathrooms like this. Ryoma writhed on the bed, his thighs squeezed together as tightly as humanly possible, his legs permanently crossed. He most definitely regretted drinking that extra large milkshake, along with those two water bottles - but, it was Momoshiro's fault! His boyfriend had insisted he drink, apparently concerned about his dehydration on such a hot day.

Momoshiro loomed over top of him, a grin on his face, his violet eyes dancing with excitement. "So hot," he whispered under his breath, watching as Ryoma squeezed himself tightly.

Ryoma moaned, "You think this is hot? I'm going to wet the bed any second now!"

Momoshiro's smile grew at the thought of the hot urine spilling over Ryoma's slender thighs, wetting the entire bed. He would have loved to see Ryoma have an accident, but Momoshiro was too nice to give into his desires. He knew Ryoma would be embarrassed beyond belief if he wet himself, so Momoshiro's plan was to let him go the very last minute, when he just couldn't hold on any longer. Momoshiro's lips quirked as he watched Ryoma roll over to his side, pushing his legs together tightly, both hands still permanently jammed between his thighs.

"Echizen," Momoshiro breathed huskily. "I just wanted to tell you, I find it really, really sexy that you have to pee like this."

Ryoma blinked at his boyfriend in disbelief - this was definitely new. He didn't know Momoshiro was into pee desperation or whatever. Before the boy could dwell on it, however, a strong urge, stronger than any ones he'd had so far, took over his body. He moaned in agony as a small squirt escaped into his boxers. With determination, Ryoma held his crotch even tighter, resolving not to let anymore out. He shifted on the bed.

"Momo-senpai..." he whimpered, clutching the front of his black shorts tightly. "When did you say the people were coming to unlock the bathroom?"

Momoshiro paused for a moment, and a guilty look appeared on his face. He touched the key around his neck, and bit his lip. "Um, actually Echizen, I - uh - locked the bathrooms on purpose. I wanted to see you desperate and...well, I knew you would never willingly do it for me, but I really wanted to see it just once, you know? I know, I'm a horrible boyfriend, but gaah, you're just so cute when you're bursting to pee..."

Momoshiro trailed off as he noticed Ryoma was glaring at him darkly, gold eyes flashing with irritation. "I can't believe you," he snapped, but before he could scold his boyfriend further, Ryoma suddenly made an odd noise and cursed, curling himself into a ball and shuddering. His whole body trembled from the effort of holding it all in. Momoshiro saw a trickle of pee slide down Ryoma's leg, and knew the boy was on the verge of losing it.

"Echizen-"

"Momo-senpai," the boy shivered all over, and squeezed himself for all it was worth. Another long spurt escaped, and he moaned. "Unlock the freaking bathroom now! I don't wanna have an accident!"

Momoshiro froze, his lips parted slightly. He knew he had promised himself he would unlock the bathroom when Ryoma was on the verge of losing it, but as his boyfriend lay there squirming, he felt like he couldn't move. He just wanted to keep watching him, the way he would twist and moan sexily. And so, Momoshiro just stared at Ryoma with wide eyes, watching as another long stream escaped through Ryoma's shorts and down his legs.

"Momo-senpai," Ryoma begged, and he pushed his quivering thighs together even harder, his hand buried in between. "Please unlock it, I - ohh, I c-can't..."

Momoshiro snapped out of his daze as he saw tears forming in Ryoma's eyes from the pressure of holding everything back. He shook his head and quickly caressed the tears with his thumb. "Don't cry Echizen, please, don't cry..." If there was one thing Momoshiro had a weakness to, it was his boyfriend in pain. Even though it was beyond hot to see Ryoma squirm, he never, ever wanted Ryoma to be pain.

"Okay, okay, I'll unlock it..." he whispered, and Ryoma only shuddered in response.

Momoshiro carefully scooped Ryoma into the arms, knowing he was beyond walking. Ryoma squirmed and wriggled in his arms, trying to hold on for just a second longer. Momoshiro could see how hard he was clutching the front of his shorts, and he bit his lip, because he hoped it didn't hurt how hard he was holding. Momoshiro sighed as he fumbled for his key to unlock the door. He could hear each of Ryoma's pronounced whimpers and moans, and he knew he was 'this' close to losing it.

"Hurry, hurry...I can't..."

Ryoma coiled as more pee shot out. He pulled at the waistband of his shorts and gripped himself through his boxers instead, watching as Momoshiro unlocked the front door. The sight of the toilet was almost too much for Ryoma, and he let out a loud groan as his bladder pushed and throbbed to release. Momoshiro gently set him down in front of the toilet, and Ryoma removed his hands rapidly to pull down his shorts.

Pee splattered onto the tile floor and Ryoma quickly aimed for the toilet bowl, his whole body shuddering with relief. "Oh. My. God. This feels so gooo-oood," he threw his head back and relaxed as pee streamed out, hard and furious. Momoshiro watched in awe as the clear liquid gushed out, the stream never dying down for a second.

"Woah, it's like the Niagara falls," Momoshiro exclaimed.

Ryoma snapped, "Shut up! This is your fault!"

Momoshiro just grinned, still fascinated by how hard Ryoma was peeing. Eventually, after a long time, Ryoma's stream trickled to a stop. Ryoma just stood there, breathing heavily after that long holding session. His bladder ached a bit from being so full, but Ryoma could care less at this point. He was free, and relieved, and that was all he cared about. He never, ever wanted to experience needing to pee so badly again. At the thought, his eyebrows knotted angrily and he whipped around to face his boyfriend.

"You!" Ryoma declared, gold eyes furious. "This is absolutely all your fault. How could you lock the bathrooms on me? You knew I needed to go badly!"

"I'm into it, okay?" Momoshiro said weakly, holding up his hands. "I won't do it that much..."

Ryoma blinked at him in bewilderment. "You won't do it that much? You're never doing it again!"

Momoshiro just smiled brightly, patting the cute boy on the head. Honestly, he got even more cuter when he was mad, because he tried to seem all angry, but he actually ended up pouting. If there was one thing Momoshiro knew, he was most definitely doing that again. Not for a little while, but when Ryoma was caught off guard, he would make sure the boy was desperate to pee. Since Ryoma had a pride and hated being embarrassed, he wouldn't go as far to make him have an accident, but definitely desperate...

"We'll just see about that," Momoshiro whispered, kissing him lightly on the cheek. Ryoma blushed, still furious, "You're so weird, Momo-senpai!"

"And yet you love me," Momoshiro sang in reply.

