Kisame Omorashi

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2013-09-08 18:39

In which Kisame gets captured by The Leaf Village and Ibiki decides to use a new interrogation technique, much to the chagrin of his daughter.

It had been the usual day for him; he’d been on a mission with his partner Itachi when it had happened. Somehow, he didn’t know how, but somehow, four Leaf ANBU had ambushed them and used a jutsu on Itachi to pretty much turn the effects of his mangyekou around so that he was caught in it instead and a jutsu was placed on him that completely immobilised him enough for them to carry him back to the Leaf Village, which put him in his current position. Tied up in…what appeared to be a torture chair and left alone in a dark room for several hours.

It wasn’t that he was afraid of the dark, as a shark he liked the dark more than he liked the light, but being tied to a chair, where you can’t move anything, wasn’t all that comfortable. Especially since his body decided that it was going to create an itch, in a place where it would be improper and impolite to scratch if in the company of someone else. Yes, Hoshigaki Kisame was sat in the interrogation room of the Hidden Leaf Village’s one interrogational expert and he was thinking about how wonderful it would be if he could scratch his balls.

He tried to wiggle around on the seat to at least try to get some friction on his scrotum to ease the incessant itch, but it wasn’t easy when you could hardly move. A deep growl filled the room as he was forced to sit there while the itch got worse and worse. He just about gave up hope when the door opened, sending bright yellow light streaming into the room and making him close his eyes a little at the sight of such brightness. A figure appeared in the doorway, one that…were Kisame a lesser shinobi, would have him shrinking in his seat.

The figure stepped into the room and the door closed again, before a light in the room turned on and Morino Ibiki was stood there, cracking his knuckles and giving a wry smile to the shark nin. the scars running along his face, showed that he was definately used to being interrogated, but then...if he hadn't, Kisame guessed, he wouldn't be Konoha's leading interrogation specialist. What appeared to be strange though, was that there didn't seem to be any intruments that would be used to 'interrogate' him.

"Shall we start?" Ibiki asked.

Kisame felt like laughing, but all that came out was a small chuckle, which lead Ibiki to raise an eyebrow.

"I don't think you'll be laughing in a minute Hoshigaki" he stated.

Kisame's chuckle did indeed turn into a laugh and this caused Ibiki to furrow his brow.

"What's so funny?" He questioned.

The blue skinned shark-nin shook his head and continued to laugh at the interrogation specialist. It wasn't like he was going to get anything out of the former mist-nin, the one who was aptly named The monster of the mist. But still, the man could definately try to do so. Ibiki narrowed his eyes and began forming hand seals, casting a jutsu over the shark nin that, at first, caused a twinge in the lower abdomen of said blue skinned ninja. Kisame stopped his laughing at this feeling and threw a curious look towards the scarred ninja in front of him.

"Just what do you hope to accomplish by doing this?" He asked.

Ibiki smiled a sick and sadistic smile.

"You will talk, by the end of the day, you will be begging to tell me everything just so you can relieve yourself" he replied.

Kisame's eyes went wide at this, but then they went back to normal. So he intended to make him what...desperate to use the bathroom so he would talk. Pfft, like that would ever happen. Every six months, the Akatsuki were forced to go through an endurance test, see who could hold their urine the longest and though Kisame never actually 'won' those 'contests', he always put up a good show and held it for as long as he could. So this would be easy, he could put all he'd learned from those endurance tests into good use now.*

~*~*~*~*~

A few hours later, Kisame was beginning to feel the effects of the jutsu that had been cast on him, his bladder had begun to fill a short while ago and it seemed to the former mist nin, that the jutsu was designed to accelerate the process, which in result, was beginning to make Kisame a little uncomfortable. It wasn't anything he couldn't handle, it was just a niggling feeling at the back of his mind that was telling him that he needed to urinate. For the past few hours, Ibiki had been in the room and watching him with an intent gaze, which, was almost nerve wrecking and would have been if Kisame hadn't known the gazes of both Uchiha Itachi and Uchiha Madara. Kisame subtly readjusted himself in his seat, not because he was getting desperate to use the can, but because his buttocks were going numb from being sat down for too long.

A sigh escaped the blue-skinned shark-nin as he sat there, it was quite boring really, just being sat in a room, tied to a chair while you were watched by an interrogation specialist, who had cast a stupid jutsu on you that was supposed to accelerate the need to urinate. Another sigh passed his thin lips as he sat there, instead of just looking around the room once again, considering he'd pretty much memorised the entire room, down to every last crack in the cieling and every last cobweb in the corners, he decided to close his eyes. He may as well get some shut eye, because this was gonna take a while and quite frankly, he was bored to tears.

*~*~*~*~*~

Another few hours went past and now Kisame was beginning to feel a pressure on his bladder. The acceleration jutsu was definately doing its job and as the minutes passed, he could feel his bladder filling up just that little bit more. If this feeling wasn't enough, Ibiki had decided to leave the room, but before he'd left, he'd cast another jutsu, which made the water pipe behind Kisame crack a little, well, enough for droplets of water to escape and, because of the constant dripping for about an hour and a half, there was a small puddle on the floor, because of which, when each drop fell and landed in the puddle, Kisame could hear the 'Splish, splish, splish' of each one. Couple this with his ever growing need to pee, it was beginning to get very uncomfortable for him. However, he wouldn't give up, he would not tell this pathetic little village anything about the Akatsuki or its plans, there was just no way, that was out...of...the...question.

Slowly but surely, the pressure was increasing on his bladder, thus causing his manhood to rise with it, which inevitably caused another uncomfortable situation. As if needing the loo wasn't enough, he now had an erection which was slowly beginning to strain against his pants. A small blush appeared on his cheeks as, he was by no means small in that department and the largeness of his male anatomy was overwhelming for his ninpants. It was at times like these, that he usually had his cloak on, so any erections he got, weren't seen by anyone, but alas, his cloak had been taken from him before he'd been placed in this room, so there was nothing to hide the ever pitching tent. Still though, he didn't make a sound, he wouldn't give up any information at all, his iron will was too stubborn for that.

*~*~*~*~*~

Soon Ibiki returned to the room and he was stripped of all of his clothing before the painful side of the interrogation was conducted, each bit of pain was rewarded with either a grunt or a hiss, no other sounds were made, but...Kisame noticed...with every bit of pain he experienced, his need for the bathroom increased tenfold. When Ibiki had finished with the physical interrogation, he left the room, leaving Kisame to squirm a little with the discomfort in his bladder. Kami did he need to pee right now, but no...he wouldn't give up the secrets of the Akatsuki, that was a definate no-go. He was surprised when a young woman entered the room after Ibiki left and he was even more surprised when the young woman began to speak to him as she worked on healing his wounds.

"I'm sorry for all my father's doing to you, he's not known for his tact" she said.

Kisame was...well, he was definately shocked. This girl was Morino Ibiki's daughter? He gave her a large grin and nodded, though it was definately out of shock that he was replying. For the time being, he forgot about his need to urinate and concentrated only on the feel of this beautiful young woman's hands on his body. As he looked at her, he could see the small blush on her features and a small chuckle left him.

"What's the matter medic-chan, never seen a naked male body before?" He asked.

She looked at him and raised an eyebrow, before a small chuckle fell past her own lips.

"Hai, I have seen a naked male body before and your erection certainly isn't the first I've seen" she replied.

Kisame chuckled again and just sit back and let her do her work, closing his eyes for a brief moment, before opening them again.

"Do you know who I am medic-chan?" He questioned.

The young woman looked up at him from where she was working and nodded.

"Hai, you are Hoshigaki Kisame, formerly of the mist" she answered.

Kisame nodded, so the girl knew who he was, yet she didn't seem to be cowering in his presence and nor did she seem fazed by his skin or how he looked. But then again, he thought, she wasn't here to appraise his body or his looks, she was here only to heal him when necessary, so that Ibiki could get back to torturing him. Soon, the young medic was done with her work and she nodded to Ibiki who was stood at the door. Said man, nodded at some people outside and two shinobi came in, unstrapping Kisame from the chair and standing him up, taking him over to the wall opposite him and chaining him up there. Of course, once he was on a vertical base, gravity decided to do its worst and Kisame's need to pee was intensifyed times a hundred and he found himself grunting and trying to bend over to try and ease the pressure. What he didn't see was that, the young medic had given her father a disapproving look when she'd realised what Ibiki had done.

"Morino-San, could I have a word outside?" She asked.

Ibiki nodded and watched as the young woman walked outside, before following her out and closing the door behind him, knowing that with the state Kisame was in, he wouldn't be able to fight off a mouse, let alone two jonin shinobi.

"What is it Emi?" He asked.

Morino Emi looked at her father and raised an eyebrow.

"Really, you used that technique on him? Dad, that's not fair, even by your standards" she stated.

Ibiki shrugged his shoulders.

"How else'm I supposed to get him to talk Emi? He's an S-Class criminal for Kami's sake, just normal pain won't work on him" he argued.

Emi shook her head and sighed.

"But dad, you could quite easily kill him" she insisted.

Ibiki looked at her and raised an eyebrow. He knew that holding your urine was bad, but bad enough to kill someone? That was something he thought wasn't possible from just holding your pee. Emi sighed and shook her head.

"If you hold your urine for too long, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria, which could easily be absorbed into the blood and cause a blood infection like septicemia, which is a killer" she explained.

Ibiki nodded, but the argument still stood, if Kisame died, no-one would miss him and it would be one of the Akatsuki out of the way. He couldn't understand why Emi cared so much about the criminals that came in here, but he guessed it was something to do with being a medic. He sighed and shook his head, before looking down at his daughter again.

"He'll hold it until I say he can go" he said.

This made Emi shake her head in exasperation.

"Then let me sit in on the interrogation so I can tell you if he's had enough of holding it. If you want to get information out of him dad, he needs to be alive" she stated.

Ibiki was rather unhappy with having his daughter witnessing such violence that he was committing against a criminal, but she did have a point about the whole alive and information thing. He sighed and nodded, turning back towards the door and opening it, walking through and looking at Kisame, before once again beginning the physical interrogation.

*~*~*~*~*~

A few more hours passed and Kisame still hadn't said anything to Ibiki and Emi had told her father that Kisame couldn't take anymore of the torture, especially not to his bladder. Ibiki had given a growl and had told one of the male shinobi to come in and let the criminal down. Of course, once the male shinobi had done that, Kisame fell to his knees and his fingernails dug into the ground in front of him with obvious need. Emi looked at the male shinobi and told him that he could leave, which he was apprehensive about, but Emi reassured him and he left. Kisame, thinking that he was all alone, having not heard Emi tell the other shinobi to leave because of the pounding in his ears and the throbbing of his bladder, openly gripped his member to stop anything from coming out. About now would be when he would've given up in the endurance test in the Akatsuki and he would've already relieved himself into the bucket, but right now, he was struggling to keep it all inside.

He gave a groan as his bladder contracted, forcing a spurt of urine though his partly closed off urethra. A blush spread over his cheeks as he heard the spurt hit the floor with a 'Splat'. He looked up to see the shining little puddle of his own urine taunting him and mocking him, he felt as if it were trying to coax him to let go. He almost did, until he heard noise in the room and looked up to see that pretty little medic tidying things up a little. He gave another groan, there was no way he was going to piss in front of her, wetting in front of a group of guys, he could handle, but...wetting in front of a woman. As long as he had a say in it, that would never happen. Another groan made its way past his lips and he clenched himself more as he felt his bladder spasm again. By now, he was panting and sweating with the exertion of having to hold it in as well as the pain of all the 'treatments' he'd been given by Ibiki.

Suddenly, his bladder contracted violently and another spurt left him, a longer spurt. He groaned yet again and this time, he heard footsteps coming towards him, before he felt a hand on his bare back and felt the young medic kneel next to him.

"Kisame-san, would you like a bowl?" She asked.

The blue-skinned shark nin looked up at the woman and gave a small nod. The woman nodded too and got up, retrieving a bowl from the side and coming to place it in front of him, before she went to do another job. Kisame groaned even more and pulled the bowl closer to him, aiming himself into it and letting go, only to find, that when he actually wanted to relieve himself, he couldn't. He let out a growl of frustration and desperation and he looked up in time to see the young woman just looking at him.

"Is there something wrong Kisame-San?" She asked.

He looked at her and growled.

"What bloody jutsu did your father use on me?" He questioned.

He watched as her brow furrowed and she came to sit next to him.

"It was a simple acceleration jutsu that was used on your already filling bladder" she replied.

She looked him over and saw that his lower abdomen was bulging like no tomorrow, which meant that his bladder was extremely full. If he didn't go now, there was a chance he would stretch his bladder and that could cause him to lose the ability to know when he needed to go. She looked around and then sighed.

"I'll go and get my dad" she stated.

She got up and walked to the door, peeking out of it to see that her father was missing.

"Genma, where's my father?" She asked.

The womanizing shinobi looked at her and gave a hint of a smile.

"He went to see the hokage about what sweet nothing he got from the prisoner, did you want him?" He asked back.

Emi nodded.

"Yes, the stupid bloke forgot to release the jutsu on the prisoner" she stated.

Genma shrugged.

"So?" He asked.

Emi shook her head.

"Watch him while I go and get my father" she ordered.

Genma chuckled and saluted her mockingly, stepping into the room while the young woman went to get her father.

*~*~*~*~*~

Twenty minutes passed and Emi hadn't returned with Ibiki, Kisame was beyond desperate now, so much so, he was now squirting every time he took a breath. This wasn't good at all, he groaned as a particularly painful contraction of his bladder caused a very long spurt to escape him, a spurt that lasted about three seconds. He could feel that his bladder was beginning to give up the fight to keep it all in and he had a right mind to just let it, but he couldn't, even if he wanted to, because of this damned jutsu, he couldn't urinate freely, it seemed the only way he could relieve himself, was if he did it involuntarily. He groaned again and started rocking on his knees, his hands gripping his erection tightly as he did.

Soon, Emi and Ibiki returned to the room and Ibiki dispelled the jutsu, causing Kisame to yell out as an even longer spurt escaped him. Ibiki motioned for Genma to leave the room, which he did, then Ibiki himself left the room. Emi went back over to what she was doing and continued to do it, before she heard Kisame give another groan and then she heard the sound of fluid hitting the bowl. She gave a small smile when she heard Kisame's satisfied sigh as he was able to finally release his urine.

"This'll all be done again tomorrow" she muttered.

Kisame heard it and looked up at her, he found her smiling down at him.

"I'll ask my dad if I can interrogate you tomorrow, it won't be as bad as this" she stated.

Kisame gave her a small smile and finished peeing.

