Daenerys Targaryen : Game Of Thrones

Author: Pain

*000*2015-09-25 08:30

A Song Of Ice And Fire

Daenerys Targaryen sipped from the golden goblet of wine as she thought of what the night had in store for her.

Infiltrating the city of Yunkai wouldn’t be an easy task, and for all she knew, she was risking the lives of Ser Jorah and Grey Worm by agreeing to send them with Daario Naharis.

The three men were to go into the city through the back gate, where Daario would lead Jorah and Grey Worm along with him through the back streets, so they could open the front gates for the Unsullied army to enter and invade the city.

Daenerys felt anxious at the prospect of losing her two best men. She didn’t trust Daario and for one thing, he might lead Jorah and Grey Worm to the slaughter and then cut the head of her army.

Then she would be left with nothing and her dream of conquering Westeros would be lost forever. The kind of stress and tension this thought brought upon her was beyond words. She tossed back another goblet of wine before asking Missandei to refill it for her.

“Maybe, you shouldn’t drink anymore, Your Grace,” Missandei said.

“It will be fine, I’m just worried for Ser Jorah and Grey Worm…” Daenerys said as she took another sip.

“Your worry is reasonable, my lady. Soon it will grow dark and Ser Jorah and Grey Worm will leave for Yunkai, maybe until then, you should get some rest,” the young helper girl suggested.

“No, how can I rest when my men are about to go out there and risk their lives for me?,” Daenerys replied as she paced up and down in her tent.

Understanding the delicateness of the situation, Missandei thought it would be better to leave the Queen alone for a while, until she calms down a bit. She walked out of the tent, leaving The Mother of Dragons on her own.

Daenerys poured herself some more wine, before sitting down on the divan. She felt a certain heaviness in her bladder but chose to ignore it. Her head had started to ache after all the wine and her eyes had begun to feel heavy. She laid down on the divan and closed her eyes and before she knew, her exhausted body pulled her into deep sleep.

When Daenerys had first seen Yunkai from a hill top far outside the city, she was left awestruck at the beauty and the architecture of it. But when Ser Jorah told her about the 200,000 slaves that were being held captive behind those beautiful walls, her heart bled for them. She wanted to liberate those slaves, at all costs. She couldn’t bear the thought of poor children and women suffering at the hands of a few brutal lords.

She had immediately sent a man to the city gates to tell the slavers that she would receive them at her camp and accept their surrender. On the other side, she also readied herself to invade the city if they were to turn down her offer.

Speaker of Savages, Razdal mo Eraz from Yunkai, did come along at the Khaleesi’s camp to offer terms of peace, with boxes full of gold bars as gifts for her. But Daenerys being firm in her place, declined his offer and threatened to attack the city if they refused to set the slaves free. Realizing that his chance to strike a deal with Daenerys had fallen apart, Razdal returned to his city, disappointed.

It didn’t take long for Daenerys to find out that the city of Yunkai had hired a company of sell-swords called the Second Sons, led by a Braavosi named Mero, The Titan’s Bastard. They were a horde of armed and mounted men, about 2,000 in strength. Despite warnings from Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah, Daenerys made it clear that she wished to meet the leader of Yunkai’s appointed cavalry.

When the captains of the Second Sons, Mero of Braavos, Prendahl na Ghezn and Daario Naharis came to meet Daenerys, she asked them if they would fight for her. Although they refused at first, Khaleesi’s offer to pay them more gold than Yunkai made them reconsider their options. With a promise to return with the final verdict in two days, the three men left.

Later that night while Daenerys was in her bath tub, Daario Naharis sneaked into her tent and requested her to let him join her army. As a proof of his loyalty, he offered Khaleesi the heads of his partners Mero and Prendahl, that he had carried with him in a sack.

Daario then swore his loyalty to her and told her that the entire company of Second Sons was hers to command.

The next day, Daario Naharis proposed a plan to infiltrate the city of Yunkai, that Ser Barristan and Ser Jorah agreed upon. Although Daenerys trusted her men’s wisdom, she wasn’t sure of Daario.

###

A few hours later, Daenerys stirred awake. It took her a moment to orient herself to the unfamiliar tent and the barely familiar man standing at a distance. She was quick to recognize Ser Barristan, but her mind was soon overcome by a much more pressing need.

She had to pee, bad.

“Missandei, could you please bring me my chamber pot?” Daenerys asked as she held her bladder before sitting back up. It felt full and swollen and a distinct bladder bulge was peeking out of her tight paper silk ‘dragonscale’ wrap dress.

“I’m sorry, My Grace but I forgot to bring back your chamber pot after I emptied it and kept it for drying in the sun this afternoon ,” Missandei replied softly.

“Oh, never mind, I’ll just go outside…” Daenerys said as she got up from the divan and began to walk towards the exit of her tent.

“I’m sorry, Your Grace, but you can’t go outside, it’s too dangerous,” Ser Barristan held his hand wide to stop her, “Ser Jorah and Grey Worm have left for Yunkai with Daario Naharis. The Yunkish may retaliate any moment if they find out that we have tried to infiltrate their city. We can expect a war to break out under such circumstances. It is best for you to stay inside the tent, at least you won’t be visible to them from here.”

“But…” she began to say.

“I am sorry, but as the Queen’s guard, I have no choice, I can’t let you step out…” Ser Barristan stated in his firm voice.

“Hmm…” Daenerys nodded reluctantly and walked back to the divan with her thighs pressed together. She crossed her legs as soon as she found herself seated and took a deep breath. Her bladder was aching and she didn’t know what to do.

If she had a chamber pot, she would have pissed in it hours ago. If she had been travelling like this, she would have jumped off her horse and ran behind a bush without even waiting to tell anyone where she was going.

Squeezing her thighs together carefully, Daenerys asked. “Ser Barristan?”

“Yes, My Lady?” the old man said.

“How long do you think will it be, before it’s safe to step outside?”

“I don’t know, Your Grace.”

Her body shuddered a bit, “Is…is there a way that you can get me a chamber pot?” Khaleesi asked Missande, fighting to keep her voice from shaking.

“We don’t have any spare ones and Ser Barristan won’t let me step out to get yours,” Missande replied, “Do you need to go bad?”

Daenerys’s cheecks flushed red when she heard this. She was Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, The Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of The Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, how could she let anyone know that she had to piss this bad, that would be so embarrassing.

“No, I was just asking, I’m fine..” Daenerys dejectedly smiled at Missandei.

Khaleesi bit her lower lip. She was growing worried now. She didn’t know how much longer she could last out like this. The waistband of her form fitting trousers was beginning to cut into her bladder, which was still expanding to contain all the liquid she had consumed.

Daenerys rubbed her outer thigh and held her breath for a split second. She couldn’t remember the last time she had to piss this bad. She hoped Ser Barristan and Missandei, wouldn’t notice her tense legs as she wriggled slightly, trying to find a more secure position.

After a few minutes, Daenerys was squirming more regularly. She tried to concentrate on other things – the beautiful landscapes that she had come across while traveling, about the miserable lives of the slaves that were trapped in Yunkai, her three majestic dragons but it wasn’t working.

Hours passed and Ser Barristan stood firm at the opening of the tent. Daenerys was growing restless now. She had to piss like a horse but couldn’t step out to relieve herself in her guard’s presence.

“S-Ser Barristan, do you think I can go out now?” Daenerys asked.

“No, Your Grace, it’s unsafe, I suggest you stay here until Ser Jorah and Grey Worm come back from their mission…” the old man replied.

Daenerys’s eyes widened in horror as she heard this. She didn’t know if she could wait any longer. She had to piss so bad that she was ready to give anything for it.

Khaleesi slid her hand near her crotch, steeling herself from squeezing between her legs. She lowered her head and exhaled slowly, closing her eyes shut.

Just then, she felt a quick spurt of urine escape, and she placed a hand over her mouth to suppress her squeal. She crossed her legs tighter and jammed her other hand into her crotch, holding tightly to regain control.

Another few minutes passed and a several more drops of urine managed to escape her tightly shut wee hole. Her muscles were beginning to shake from the effort of holding, she had to ask Ser Barristan to let her go now, or else she would wet herself.

“We’ve been waiting a long time…” Daenerys said as she rose from the divan and walked towards Ser Barristan, her bladder threatening to explode with every step, “Haven’t we?”

The old guy tilted his head and frowned his brows and lips, holding a cup of wine in his hand.

“I don’t know, you tell me, how long does it take to sack a city?” she asked, concern clearly spilling from her voice and face. She had to piss so bad that she didn’t care if Ser Jorah and Grey Worm failed in their mission. All she wanted was an opportunity to release the lake of urine inside her.

Just then Ser Barristan heard the sound of footsteps approaching their tent and he turned around to see Ser Jorah and Grey Worm walk in. The army of the Unsullied marched past the tent as Jorah said, looking towards Khaleesi, “ It was just as you said. They did not believe until it was too late. Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered.”

Daenerys couldn’t believe herself, her two most valuable men had returned safe and sound, and most of all, she couldn’t believe that they had finally won the city of Yunkai. For a brief moment, she forgot about her immense need to piss. She was so happy that their plan had finally come to fruition.

“And Daario Naharis?” Daenerys looked at Jorah. They both stared at each other for a moment before the man in question walked in.

His face covered in blood, Daario knelt before Daenerys and laid a white cloak on his bent leg to reveal a design on the cloth. It was a face, with a crown on it, “The city is yours, my queen ,” he said.

Daenerys smiled. Now she could free all the slaves who were trapped in the city, who had waited so long for their day of freedom. Now she could finally put an end to their miseries and sufferings, and give them a chance to live their lives.

But before that, she needed to piss, right now!

“Excuse me, gentlemen, I’d like to ask your pardon,” Daenerys said with a hand placed on her throbbing bladder as she moved forward to walk out of the tent. But before she could step out another long stream escaped her tired sphincters and formed a wet patch on the crotch of her pants.

“Oh no!” Daenerys gasped as she felt herself beginning to lose control.

“What’s the matter My Lady?” Ser Jorah asked, walking towards her.

“Nothing, it’s nothing…” Daenerys replied, breathing heavily as she stood there with her legs crossed tight, trying with every ounce of strength in her body to keep her flood in.

But it was too late by now, the pressure was extremely high for her to contain any longer and Daenerys feared that she might lose control if she tried to take another step.

Tears rolled down her face as long spurts of piss escaped her. It was then that the men standing there noticed the wet patch growing around the crotch of her pants.

“Please don’t look,” Daenerys cried out as she covered her face with her hands. She fought for a few more seconds before her exhausted sphincters completely gave out and her urine exploded out of her. A puddle of piss started to form beneath her feet and the wetness of her crotch grew towards her trembling knees.

Daenerys was having an accident.

“My Lady,” Missandei sighed as she saw the huge puddle forming around Khaleesi’s feet.

Daenerys tried her best to close her wee hole so she could run away from there but her body refused to obey. She felt like the spectacle would never end as she stood there, weeing for ages.

Daenerys just stood there even after she was done urinating. She couldn’t move, it was as if her legs had stopped working. She could feel her warm urine around her feet and also how her damp pants were clinging to her skin. She just stood there crying.

“Gentlemen, if you all could give Khaleesi some privacy,” Missandei said.

Hearing this, all the four men left the tent, leaving the two women alone.

Daenerys broke down into the warm pool of her urine, further soaking her pants.

“Your Grace, it’s okay, come let’s get you changed…” Missandei spoke softly.

Daenerys didn’t respond to her words. She just couldn’t stop crying now. She wanted nothing more than to dissolve in her own urine and tears.

“I’m sorry My Lady, it was my fault,” Missandei said gently.

“N-No, it wasn’t… it was nobody’s fault,” Daenerys said as she continued to sob.

“Come now, Your Grace, we must get you out of these wet clothes…” the helper girl said, holding Daenerys by her arms and helping her get up.

After Khaleesi changed out of her urine stained clothes, she, Ser Barristan, Ser Jorah, Daario Naharis and Grey Worm celebrated their victory over Yunkai with a feast.

Daenerys was apprehensive about attending the feast just after having such a humiliating accident in front of her men but then she realized something. She realized that these men loved her for being a Queen who wasn’t a royal arse, they loved her for being the people’s Queen. They loved her for who she was.

And after all she couldn’t let herself fall back now. There were cities to conquer, many lives to liberate. And most of all, across the narrow sea, Westeros awaited her.

*007*2015-09-27 04:30

Thank you everybody for the kind words!

{{:

Ooohhhh man, that did it. My Writer Senses are tingling... get hype

}}

Okay Bulge_Lover, you've managed to gather a lot of hype! Can't wait to read the story! :)

