Date Panic! 2 - Page 8

Author: OmoCommando

*189*2014-06-20 06:20

"Thirsty, huh? Here, I have a small bottle of water on me."

You hand the bottle over to Emma, and she accepts it gratefully. She unscrews the lid and takes a big chug.

Items lost: Water bottle (full)

Items gained: Water bottle (half-full)

"Thank you very much!" Emma says to you. She hands you back the water bottle. It's still about half-full.

With your date at your side, you walk over to the table in the middle to get a better look at the items laid on top of it.

You see a spoon, fork and knife near the corner. A single candle, an unlit torch, and wooden box. As any good adventurer would, you immediately try and open the box.

But it's locked. God only knows where the key might be... if it's even here.

You have enough room in your inventory to take five more items with you.

What will you do next? (take or discard items as well)

> Examine cabinet 1

> Examine cabinet 2

> Go through the wooden door

> Go through the iron door

> Check on Emma

> Other

Current Trust Level: Comfortable

Current Fear Level: Cautious

A new mechanic, introduced because of the apprehensiveness associated with this story, your date's fear level is a reflection of how afraid they are, given her circumstance. The worse this level becomes, the more erratic your date's behaviour will be, resulting in an inability to move, loss of bodily control, or in the worst case scenario, she may panic and run. The fear level can be increased in many ways, such as being in near or total darkness, being startled, or being chased by... something. Words and affection can sometimes console a frantic girl, but they only go so far. To bring down a high fear level, things such as drinks or finding treasure go a long way.

*191*2014-06-20 06:28

"Um, I'm okay for now. I wonder what's in those cabinets though..."

