Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 13

Author: Alexxx

*310*2013-10-17 04:29

(Nova POV)

“Hey…so, do you wanna, you know, get out of here?”

“W-what?”

“I’ve never been with a fire-breather before.” The Raichu purred, her jolting tail trailing behind her.

“W-what do you mean?”

“Making electricity.” Her tail crackled, as she moved towards me predatorily.

“I, um, I don’t know how-”

“I’ll teach you.” Her tail coiled around one of my legs, trapping me in place. With a sultry gaze she placed her paw on my chest, and another behind me. Her breath felt hot against my face, and smelled of strongly of the fermented lake. Slowly she closed the distance between us, but despite my squirming she held me firmly in place.

“Hey! Get off him you bitch!” I heard a scream in the crowd. The Raichu whipped around, outraged. Myst stood a few feet away bristling as dark energy pulsing around her.

“What did you just call me!?” Raichu spat.

Myst! What are you doing!?

###

(Myst POV)

“I called you a bitch.”

She was over twice my height, and the reach of her tail was double the size of my entire body. She stood up on her hind legs, and I noticed her coat had no traces of dust or debris.

‘She must be a trainer’s Pokémon.’ I reasoned. ‘And a pampered one at that.’

She lunged towards my illusion, but struck nothing but air. I reappeared behind her and bashed her with my fist.

“Arrgh!” She cried, and lashed out with her tail. It struck me in my throat, and I recoiled, wincing. She grimaced, her electric pouches crackling angrily, preparing to strike.

Just as the electricity bolted for me, I struck with my own black energy. It smashed against her fur, and caused her to fall to the forest floor.

She didn’t get up.

I brushed myself off, and for once, noticed my disheveled state. My coat was a mess of dirt and grass, and I hadn’t groomed myself since the previous night. My fur stood up at odd angles, and I looked wilder than half the actual wild Pokémon here.

Nova looked awkwardly at the fainted Raichu, then back towards me. “Um…”

I raced up and tried to press my muzzle to his, but he held me back with a forceful paw.

“What are you doing?” He asked, his normally timid eyes devoid of fear, and filled with a cool anger.

“I…I wanted to dance with you.” I mumbled.

“Then you should have said something earlier.” Nova barked. “You just knocked out the person I was dancing with! You could have just waited.”

Even though the haze of alcohol, I felt a pit at the base of my stomach. I bowed, ashamed.

“Don’t be sad!” Nova chirped, lightly grabbing my paw. “Just be more careful! Here, we can dance now, okay? No tears…”

Nova lifted me up on my hind legs, and started a clumsy waltz, even though there was no music. I shuddered at the heat of his face on mine.

At last, I couldn’t stand it, and I turned to kiss him as he leaned down, supporting me with his arm.

Unfortunately, he had more leverage, and simply lowered me slightly to avoid the kiss. I blinked, and looked back at him with a hurt, haughty expression.

“Not now.” Nova shook his head, the fire in his eyes returning.

“Why?” I pouted, injured by his rejection.

“Because the Lake is making you act like this.” Nova shook his head. “You wouldn’t be like this normally. If you kiss me now, it’ll be meaningless.”

“As if the lake could conjure a hundred memories of us rolling carefree in the grass, and render them ‘meaningless’.”

Nova blinked at my recollection, surprised at my lucidity.

“As if the lake could recreate a month’s full of memories, of wanting you by my side.” I continued, tears once again burning in the corner of my eyes.

“This…this isn’t recent?” Nova stared quietly, his timid sapphire eyes once again adorning his face.

“No…” I closed the distance between us, and supported myself on my back legs by placing my front legs on his chest.

“And this isn’t the Lake…?” Nova whispered, his hot breath warming my cheeks.

“No amount of the Lake could make this act meaningless.” I whispered in reply, and pressed my mouth to his. He didn’t resist, and supported me with a paw, stabilizing my awkward positioning.

“WOOHOO! GET SOME!” Someone in the crowd laughed. I responded with a raised middle claw to them behind Nova’s back.

“And you’ll promise you’ll remember this tomorrow?” Nova asked hesitantly, breaking from the kiss.

“I couldn’t forget this even if I wanted to.” I smiled, eager to taste his lips once more.

###

“And GIVE IT UP for the Darkness Withiiiiin!” Charmeleon boomed once more, and we all screamed in approval as a Scrafty, a Murkrow, two Loudred, and a Spiritomb took the stage.

“Thank you, thank you!” The Scrafty grinned, soaking in the approval from the roaring mass. “This one’s a tribute to Darkrai, as we wish You success on your quest for vengince.” The Scrafty took a deep breath.

A warning, to the people,

The good and the evil,

This is war…

The song started slowly, with the Loudred only giving off a fraction of their pulsating sound. It was a hauntingly quiet melody, but it still inspired action. I could feel it building up, and the tension was palpable in the crowd.

It’s the moment of truth, the moment to lie,

The moment to live and the moment to die!

It’s the moment to fight, the moment to fight.

To fight! To fight! To FIIIIIGHT!

Everyone shook to the beat of the song, but the dark Pokémon in the audience especially felt a connection to the music. Even I felt a strong kinship towards it as I danced with Nova. A shadowy figure emerged on the island, with glowing red eyes and dripping shadow.

To Our Leader! Our Pariah!

To Darkrai, our Messiah!

This is war!

Darkrai emerged, though I could tell it was just an illusion. The Darkrai battled the aberration in a force of illusionary strength.

To the right! To the Left!

We will fight to the death!

To the edge of the earth!

It’s a brave new worrrrrld!

At last the aberration was destroyed as the Darkrai ripped off its head. Fake blood dripped from the wound, and the Darkrai consumed it in a grisly display.

I do believe, In the night,

Raise your paws into the sky,

The fight is done,

The war is won,

Lift your paws up towards the One.

As a collective crowd, we all raised our hands to the bloody Darkrai. The Darkrai roared in approval, and disappeared into a puff of shadow.

The War is won,

The War is won!

“Cool song.” Nova grinned, right before he was sideswiped by Skarr’s wing. Skarr crash landed a few feet away, leaving a clean scar down Nova’s cheek. He quickly recovered, eyeing both Nova and myself with wild, crazed eyes.

“Apologies!” He screamed, looking at the slice across Nova’s face. “We must leave. NOW.”

“Why? What happened?” I asked, confused.

A crash reverberated right behind me as I felt the Charizard land.

“That was a reenactment.” Skarr gulped, already preparing to take off.

“Of what!?” I demanded.

“The death of Nightshade.” Skarr swallowed, hard. “At the hands of Darkrai.”

“You think-”

“I KNOW!” Skarr yelped, his normally stoic eyes wide with fear. “Josh is in danger. I’ll warn him now, you both get the others, and we’ll meet where we left Josh. From there, we’ll find him!”

Charizard and Skarr took to the air. I went to give Nova a confused look, but he wasn’t there.

“Come on!” He cried, already starting to run. “We need to find the others!”

###

(Josh POV, twelve hours earlier)

Sandy grinned ear to ear. I already regretted telling her about my plans for tonight, and I could see her mocking smile stretch across her face.

“So, you excited for your date?”

“It’s not a date.” I groaned, walking with Sandy in the sunlight forest.

“Two guys at a play. It’s going to be so romantic.” Sandy grinned her evil grin. “The lights will be dimmed low; just you and him, with his hand lying haphazardly on the arm rest…maybe you’ll both bump into each other by accident, blush a bit, apologize…”

“I’m not gay!”

“I didn’t say you were.” Sandy smirked. “Uh-oh. Am I pressing against repressed feelings?”

“Auuughhhh…”

“It’s okay. You can tell me anything.”

“You know, for being my girlfriend, you sure are open to me dating other people.” I deadpanned.

“Only guys.” Sandy corrected, twirling her hair with a finger. “If you dated another girl I’d be jealous. But if you brought another guy home, who knows~”

I rolled my eyes.

“So what’s he liiikkeeee…?”

“I don’t know!” I stomped my foot childishly. “I just know he’s a good trainer and that he likes plays! I didn’t want to go alone…” I trailed off.

“So, we talking blond, red-head…?” Sandy prodded.

“I’m not GAY FOR ETHAN!” I shouted. Sandy cackled.

“Alright, alright, I’ll stop.” Sandy’s grin slowly faded. “But, you have to answer something for me.”

“Fine, what?” I sighed, exasperated.

“Why don’t you want Static to evolve?”

I hadn’t expected that question, and I was completely caught. My eyes widened, and my mind completely blanked.

“You kind of freaked today.” Sandy bit the inside of her cheek in thought. “I mean, I lied for you, but I didn’t even know why. And that’s fine, I trust you, but…I suppose I want to know the reason.”

“…Wow.” I exhaled. “Um, yeah, I guess I owe you an explanation, huh? I just…” I took a breath to calm my nerves. “I suppose I haven’t told anyone this, even Static. And I tell Static everything.”

“Well, go on.” Sandy encouraged.

I puffed out my cheeks. “Alright. Ever since I caught Static – using the word ‘caught’ loosely – he’s always been fiercely competitive. We meshed together perfectly even from the start, and we would stay up late training and improving. Even from the beginning he was always impatient to evolve. To get better, stronger. And I would always tell him no.”

“Why?” Sandy asked.

“Well, back then, because of his moves.” I shrugged. “If he evolved at a low level, he would have bad moves as a Raichu. He needed to get more experience before evolving.”

“But now he’s over level sixty.” Sandy replied.

“…Yes.” I admitted, albeit reluctantly.

“So…? Why haven’t you evolved him?”

“Well, things got more…complicated over time.” I frowned.

“Explain?”

“I learned more about Pokémon statistics over time. Static and I got closer. I didn’t see him as a pet anymore, or even as a Pokémon. I saw him as an equal, a friend. I liked spending time with him, even when it wasn’t training. I liked when he would climb up on my shoulder, or take naps between classes in my backpack. As a Raichu, all of that would change.”

“You don’t know that for certain.” Sandy accused.

“Except I do! As a Raichu, all of Static’s moves would be terrible! Even if he could hit harder and be faster, Static wouldn’t have the advantage of his light ball anymore. That means as a Raichu, he would actually be slower and hit weaker. He could learn new moves sure, but none that were worth replacing. He would be too heavy to carry and to fit in my backpack, and worst of all, he would change, mentally. He wouldn’t be the same Static that I grew up with, fed, played with, and loved. He would be something else, something…different. After what happened with Overdose-”

“Static wouldn’t end up like him.” Sandy cut me off.

“-But everyone knows Pikachu get more aggressive when they evolve! You already know how he gets if he doesn’t battle every so often. Picture that all the time! He wouldn’t be the same…” I sighed, and looked down at the fresh grass.

“You don’t know that.”

“I know that Static doesn’t know that.”

“What?” Sandy gave me a quizzical look.

“Listen. Static isn’t the best at planning ahead. He’s smart, but…he’s not always in the moment.”

“What do you mean?”

“Static wants to evolve because he wants to be stronger. He wants to improve, to get better. He doesn’t realize that evolving would actually make him worse. Or that he couldn’t sleep in my backpack anymore, or that he might be angry all the time, or he could change into a totally different person. He wouldn’t want to evolve if he knew…”

“You don’t have the right to decide that for him.” Sandy said quietly. Her words hurt because they rang with truth.

I winced. “Would it be better if I evolved him, and he regretted it the rest of his life?”

Sandy gave me a cool, silent stare. It wasn’t anger or repulsion, more of…disappointment. “It would be better if you gave him the choice, and presented your perspective.”

“You’re not supposed to be the smart one.” I pouted.

“I’m not.” Sandy gave me a weary grin. “You already knew that.”

“Yeah, well-”

“Hey!” Sandy said suddenly, giving me a quick kiss on the cheek. “I really do have to leave. I have a battle at six, not an important one per say, but I do have to be there.”

I stared at her for a long moment. “How are you going to get there?”

“Fly? Duh.” Sandy shrugged.

“On…?”

“On my Charizard?” Sandy gave me an odd look. Suddenly her eyes flew open. “SHIT! Charizard’s with your Pokemon at the lake! I’m going to miss my battle! It’s supposed to be TELEVISED!”

“Okay, calm down.” I reasoned. “There are other ways to get to the islands. Maybe by boat? Plane?”

“No wait, I’m fine.” Sandy sighed, relieved. “I can just get another flying type out of the computer. Wow, it’s just been so long since I’ve even touched the P.C.” Sandy laughed.

Personally, I never liked the idea of putting Pokémon in a computer. They’ve described it as similar to being in a Pokéball, but to me it seems so…impersonal. As if Pokémon could be reduced to bits of data. I especially disliked the idea of someone owning dozens of Pokémon. Perchance forgetting about one or two, and letting years go by without giving it food, or sunlight. I shuttered.

Still, in her case it was different. She wasn’t the one who owned these Pokémon after all; she was just allowed to use them. The Battle Factory itself was the one that rented these, and she merely had access.

“So, where’s the nearest center, then?” I asked.

“…From here? Maybe…Vermilion?”

“That’s nearly ten miles!”

“I’m in shape!” Sandy smirked, jumping in place.

“It’s nearly noon! And it’ll take you at least four hours to fly there. You think we can run ten miles in two hours?”

“Not us; you have a date to catch.” Sandy stuck out her tongue.

“Oh. I feel bad leaving you to run ten miles without any Pokémon. Are you sur-”

“I’ll be fine.” Sandy waved me off.

“Are you sure? I don’t want you getting hurt-”

“You’ll just have to make it up some other way sometime.” Sandy kissed me quickly, threw on her pack, and hopped in place. “Alright, see you! Text me how your date goes!”

“Will d-, auuugh.” I groaned. Sandy ran away, laughing.

“See you!” She yelled, already tearing through the sparse forest.

“See you.” I grinned, my voice echoing through the trees.

###

Silence, only broken by the soft turn of a page. The wrinkle of paper, and the light wind against my face. How long had it been since I had the luxury of a good book?

My attention flicked to my wrist, and onto my ever moving watch. It was nearly time for the play, but I still had a few minutes left. Satisfied, I continued reading.

###

“Sorry I’m late!” I panted. Ethan stood nonchalantly by the door, the dark circles around his eyes ever present.

“You’re not late; the show doesn’t star for another ten minutes.” Ethan shrugged tiredly.

“Yeah, but I like getting to placed early. I just lost track of time.” I lied. Honestly I just didn’t want to stop reading until the last possible second.

“Don’t worry about it. Take a second to catch your breath, and then we’ll find our seats.”

I was excited, despite my reluctance to leave my precious books. The play’s narrative was one I hadn’t seen before, and it was one I was eager to finally experience. I knew the battles likely wouldn’t be very entertaining, but you do what you can.

After a moment, Ethan and I found our seats.

“You know what’s the best about these types of plays?” Ethan nudged me.

“What?”

“No singing.” He laughed lightly, flicking though his program.

“Oh I disagree.” I pouted. “Music can really add to a performance!”

“Some performances.” Ethan pointed out. “And some really can pull it off, but others are simply nauseating. Especially the ones that try to incorporate Pokémon for the vocals. I know its racist, but unless the Pokémon singing is an instrument itself, like Chimecho or Bronzong or something, it’s going to turn out poorly. I can only hear something say the same word over and over before it becomes nauseating.”

“Eh. Some Pokémon can become background vocals nicely.” I argued. “And the world would have a lot more insomniacs if people hadn’t recorded all those Jigglypuff albums.”

“Uhh, don’t mention insomnia.” Ethan groaned. The room darkened gradually, and a hush fell over the audience. Slowly an orchestra began to play, and bright lights adorned the stage.

*315*2013-10-19 19:23

(Hmmmm. Well, remember, I write things sometimes a month in advance so my editor has time to review them, so I know I don't have omorashi too soon...

...instead of trying to cram an omo scene where it wouldn't really belong, would it be okay if I instead take a bit to get there (2/3 posts) then have a really good, long one? :3)

*320*2013-10-23 19:02

{{:

I was wondering if I could use poke'speak in one of my stories I would give you full credit for it. Awesome story by the way its the whole reason I joined the site }}

(Absolutely! And thank you all so much for your support, I love you all :3)

(Also, someone made me an Overdose plushy

! It's so creepy and awesome! Anyway, on to the story!)

###

(Overdose POV)

"I used to still see him, you know. My trainer. It’s difficult, not…not having him around anymore. There are some days where I think it would be nicer if I still saw him around, even if he wasn’t real. Just his…image, the feeling of him there. It’s…nice." The Munchlax bowed his head quietly.

He had trouble taking his medication for stress induced schizophrenia. The kid saw his trainer die, just a spray of blood and an ambulance. No one should have to go through that.

No one could blame him for going a bit insane.

"Thank you, Lax." Nora nodded. She was our nurse and therapist, and sat with us all during these sessions. The Munchlax bowed his head, swallowing the more intense emotions going through his mind. Everyone in the circle clapped, but not the clapping of amusement, or happiness. It was recognition; he had accomplished something. He had taken the first steps towards recovery, and was, slowly, fixing himself. Picking back up the pieces that had shattered on that fateful day.

"Overdose? Would you like to say anything?"

I had never spoken to Nora, or to any of the facility for that matter. Yet, her tone wasn’t mocking or belittling, it was…

…Patient.

I shook my head.

"Alright, this was a productive session everyone!" Nora smiled, clapping her hands together. "I’ll see you all tomorrow, same time. Thanks for sharing everyone! Oh, and Overdose." Nora turned her attention to me just as I was leaving the room. "I would like to talk to you about your medication."

Talk. I would’ve laughed in her face, but I wasn’t in the mood.

"Right now you are being force-fed medication that prevent you from hurting the staff." The nurse reiterated. "Are you okay with that?"

I wasn’t. At first I fought them with everything I had and they had to put me under in order for me to take the meds. After the first week though, I just accepted it. I couldn’t stop them anyway.

I shrugged.

"You haven’t shown any aggressive nature recently." the nurse noted. I stared back with hollow, black eyes. "Do you think you still need the medication?"

I didn’t really care. I wasn’t in the mood to hurt anyone anyway. I shrugged again.

"Why won’t you talk, Overdose?" The nurse pondered, tilting her head at me with curiosity. "You talked on the way here. We know you can. Volt says you talk to him in your room. Why won’t you talk to me?"

It’s not about you. It’s about what you represent. What you are trying to accomplish. My silence isn’t directed at you; if anything, you’re…

You’re helping. Why don’t you see that?

"You’re strong, Overdose." The nurse nodded. "I just wish-"

"I’m not strong." I laughed, interrupting her. I couldn’t help myself; the phrase was just too absurd.

The nurse blinked, surprised at hearing my thoughts. I don’t think she had ever heard them before.

"I’m not strong. If I was, I wouldn’t be here." I replied simply, letting my eyes glaze over.

"Why don’t you think you’re strong?" the nurse asked, bringing up a chair.

I shrugged again.

"Come on." Nora prodded. "I like talking with you. I want know more. Please?"

I smirked. I hated this place, I hated the staff, but…I didn’t hate her. She actually seemed to care about us, about all of our problems and messed up lives. She cared about me.

"…Sure." I relented, looking away.

"Why don’t you think you’re strong?" She asked again, patiently.

"Just…because, I guess." I grimaced.

"Because you’re here?" the nurse questioned.

"Because I don’t talk." I responded. I didn’t expect to say that, it just did.

"Why does that make you weak?"

"Because I don’t want to talk. I don’t want to acknowledge you, or anyone else. That makes you real. That makes all of this real." I took a slow breath.

"Why don’t you want this to be real?"

"Because if it’s real, that means all of this has happened. That means Munchlax’ trainer really did die, that means Volt really is messed up, and that means I’m also messed up, I’m broken, and all those people I hurt, those people, all of them, oh god…" I dry heaved as warm tears hit my paw, and I realized I was shielding my face.

"It’s okay." The nurse wrapped her arm around me. I pushed it off instinctively, and flinched away.

"How is this ‘okay’!?" I laughed a sickeningly broken laugh, mixed with sobs. "I hurt people! I snapped their bones, made them bleed, and made them beg for me to end them! How-" I gagged again, quickly covering my mouth with a paw.

After a moment it stopped, and I was able to calm myself back down.

"How can any of this ever be okay?" I asked simply, thoughts shaking with sobs. "I’m defined by sin. My name conjures thoughts of suicide. I am evil; I am pain, suffering, and sadism. I’m sure I killed people down there. There isn’t coming back from this. The only good now is ridding the world of this terrible person I’ve-"

"Don’t talk like that." the nurse scolded.

"It’s true!" I yelled, exasperated.

"You don’t have to be defined by your past."

"You don’t know…" whatever thoughts I had were lost in a sea of sobs. I couldn’t help shaking, and kept repeating ‘you don’t know’ as I shivered in her arms. How could she know? How could she hold me if she knew the damage I had caused? How could she help someone like me, who had ruined so many lives? Who had caused so much misery, and who has brought so much pain into the world?

How could she, how could anyone help me?

###

(Josh POV)

The lights nearly blinded me, jolting everyone out of the immersion of the play. The intermission. I blinked and stretched in my seat, and Ethan let out a large yawn.

The play had been excellent so far. It was about a trainer whom had accidentally been injured in a fight, and been put into a coma. His Pokémon had agreed to quest for him, and to earn badges without their trainer at all. A Ditto was the team’s leader, and he took the shape and guise of the trainer at gyms. The intermission occurred right when the trainer’s health had taken a turn for the worst, just after his team had obtained all eight badges.

I looked at Ethan. His eyes were half closed, and he looked displeased.

“Hey, you like the play?” I prodded.

“Yeah, it’s great.” He shrugged in a low monotone. He said it with such a lack of enthusiasm that it could’ve been mistaken for sarcasm.

“You…look a bit tired.”

Ethan turned to me and snorted a laugh. “Yeah, that’s what not sleeping for four days’ll do to you.”

“What!?”

“I have night terrors.” Ethan turned away and rubbed his eyes. “It’s recent; I don’t know what brought it on. The first few nights were terrible; I felt myself ripped in half, crushed by two opposing walls, drown, burn alive in magma…” He shuttered. “I know I need to sleep, but my body just won’t let me. It knows what waits when I close my eyes.”

“Did anything particularly traumatic happen to you recently?” I asked.

“No! Nothing. I had a bad hot dog a few days ago, but that was it!” Ethan looked down angrily. “It’s gotten to the point where I need to just bite the bullet and by some sleep powder for myself. I know the nightmares will be terrible, but it beats not sleeping.”

“Maybe you can hire a trainer with a psychic type to get rid of your dreams?” I suggested.

“Hey, now that’s a thought.” Ethan nodded. “Do you know of anyone around here with a Pokémon that knows Dream Eater?”

“Not off the top of my head.” I frowned.

“No worries; the Dream Eater thing was still an awesome idea.” Ethan offered. “What time is it?”

“We probably have five minutes left in the intermission.”

“Enough for a small nap…” Ethan mumbled closing his eyes. “Wake me when the play starts, will you?”

###

“Then shall death itself be undone!”

“Stop, you fool! You don’t understand what wrath you could possibly be provoking!”

“Don’t interrupt me! If he can’t wake up by himself then we’ll do it by force!”

“Those runes! You plan on waking Darkrai!? You can’t comprehend his power! Don’t complete the-”

“YOU RANG?” A wave of terror struck my gut, and made me double over in surprise. Ethan screamed, and dove under his seat. The actors stood in mid-scene, staring at the dark entity that had materialized in front of them. Someone in the pit crew bolted towards the exit.

“May the one who callsss himssself ‘NightSsshade’ please come forward.” The entity asked politely, his glowing red eyes scanning over the quivering audience. “Come now. Not all of you need die tonight.”

Why was he looking for me? What had I done!?

The actors on stage ran for behind the curtains. The black mist smirked, and then snapped his fingers. All of the doors sealed themselves, and all of the lights shut off in sync to the sound of shattering glass. A certain purple light emanated from the being himself, allowing us scarcely enough light to see.

“I grow weary ssssearching for the one that mocks the darknesssss…” The entity droned, looking over the audience once more. “…and I’m going to ssstart killing. Ssshall I ssstart with the back row, or front?”

I stood up. The entire audience turned to look at me, including the black aberration. I cringed, knowing that this would be how I die. I didn’t even have Pokémon to defend me.

The being slowly brought two of its misty appendages together, creating a mocking, slow clap. “Bravo, hero. Ssssacrificing your life so that othersss may live. Truly noble. Come up here, will you? I want everyone to remember your face.”

Somehow despite the wobbling in my knees I made my way to the stage. With every step I felt the growing fear writhing in my gut. I ground my teeth, and stepped on the stage.

“Behold! Your ssssavior.” Darkrai’s mocking tone echoed through the auditorium. “Any last wordsss for our membersss in the audience?”

I shook my head, petrified.

“Very well.” The doors to the auditorium swung open. “The ressst of you may leave. For thossse that wish to watch the after ssshow however, feel free to ssssstay and watch...”

Everyone fled, save Ethan, whom I saw hiding from behind a chair. Darkrai smirked, and turned to me again.

“Do you fear me, NightSsshade?” The black being pondered, running a very real black bladed finger across my throat. “Do you fear the darknessss?”

“…Yes.” I choked.

“Do you fear death?” He asked, tilting his head curiously.

“Y-yes.” I answered.

“Good. You should fear both.” Darkrai drew back his hand, pulsing with black energy. “They’re not mutually exclusssive.”

Suddenly a shoe collided with Darkrai’s head, and bounced to a halt. The shadow whirled to face the culprit just as another shoe struck his face.

“RUN, YOU IDIOT!” Ethan screamed, shoeless, and also running for the exit.

I turned to bolt, but Darkrai snatched the cuff of my shirt, choking me and holding me in place. With his second hand, he directed his dark energy to Ethan, and pulled him onto the stage.

“And now you both mussst die.” Darkrai held us immobile with one hand, and created a floating, serrated black sword with his other. “Goodnight, NightSsshade and his friend. Ssssweet dreamsss…”

###

I waited a terrible second. Then another. After what seemed like an eternity I looked up, but didn’t see Darkrai. In his place, a beautiful angel floated effortlessly, glowing with radiant pink light. It lacked wings, instead favoring two large pointed ears, and a flowing pink tail.

“W…what…?” I murmured, looking up in wonder at the creature in awe.

"You failed." It replied simply, looking down at me with dull, azure eyes. It didn’t escape my notice that it was able to talk with me despite the fact that I wasn’t wearing my Pokespeak.

“What?” Ethan asked, blinking as if he came out of a dream.

"He failed." The new, pink entity explained, pointing a paw at me.

“What do you mean I failed?” I asked, feeling a bit of my confidence return.

"Well, you were brave, which was a plus. Very inspiring." The being’s pink tail whipped back and forth. "But you would have died. And that’s a big ‘F’. You were supposed to use the Masterball on me."

I blinked. “What?”

"What? What? What?" The creature mocked, flailing it’s arms. It giggled softly afterwards; its laughter sounded melodic, like a harp. "You sound like newborns."

"What are you?"

"I am the nine hundred and seventieth rendition. I am one of the Ancients. I serve as Mewtwo’s right hand in securing the peace between Pokémon and humans, and ensuring the treaty forged between us does not go awry. I am the origin, the spark; I am what allowed for life to exist on this planet. I am creation."

The being pressed it’s forehead to my own, and laughed when I shrunk away. "But you, Josh? You can just call me Mew."

*322*2013-10-31 20:41

(No Omorashi this update, but expect some next time! :3)

“Mew!?” Ethan blinked, recoiling.

“Why have you come?” I asked, trying to sound braver then I felt.

"The Masterball serves as a…deterrent…for the peace between our kinds." Mew floated away, distracted by a speck of light. "The Ancients – Arceus, Mewtwo, Kyogre, Groudon, Rayuaza…" Mew waved its paw lazily. "You get the idea. Each has untold power. If a human were to control and command one of us without our permission, they could wreak havoc onto the world. Mewtwo alone could destroy entire cities! Much less

Kyogre or Groudon, either of which could destroy the entire world if they so desired."

“You would have the Masterball destroyed, then?” I clarified. Mew grinned, and wagged a finger at me.

"Not so fast." It purred, eyeing its tail. "We can’t just blatantly destroy such valuable human technology, can we? It would present us in a bad light to the public, and it would violate the Treaty of Concord."

Mew began floating in circles, chasing its own tail.

“Um.” I interjected. It was hard to take Mew seriously, even though it did have valid and intelligent points. “So then, what is your plan?”

"Deactivate the Masterball." Mew finally caught its tail, and nibbled on the end of it triumphantly.

“But doesn’t that count as destroying it?” I pondered.

“Yeah, hacking it wouldn’t solve anything.” Ethan interjected.

"Not hacking, deactivate. Have it capture a Pokémon, and thus revert back to being a regular Pokéball."

“So you plan to make me capture a random Pokémon?” I asked. “That doesn’t solve-”

“Wait, you have a Masterball?” Ethan looked at me incredulously.

“Yeah.”

“How did you even-”

"Not important now." Mew interrupted. "Now, this is only the first dilemma. The second is your guise as NightShade. Darkrai actually does intend on killing you for that, you know. He views it as you mocking him." Mew frowned. "And unfortunately for you, he’s much less theatrical than little old me."

“You’re NightShade too!?” Ethan deadpanned.

“Later!” I hissed, and then turned back to Mew. “What do you suggest, then? How can I defend myself?”

"Well, according to our treaty, Darkrai actually isn’t allowed to harm you, or any human. This transgression he is planning directly contradicts our treaty, and puts peace between humans and Pokémon in jeopardy. In fact, he’s been stalking you for a few days now, resting near Ethan’s residence."

“Wait, what?” Ethan blinked angrily.

“So…what is your plan?” I asked.

"Two birds." Mew’s eyes grew misty. “This iteration of myself must act as a sacrifice.”

“I’m sorry?”

"We have two problems. One, the Masterball must catch one Pokémon of the wielder’s choice. Two, Darkrai must not succeed in killing you. I was the obvious choice; as I am forever in a cycle of rebirth. This life must be given into servitude to protect the treaty, and through it, Pokémon and humankind."

I was silent for a long time as I processed what had been said.

“So…he’s going to capture you, then?” Ethan clarified.

"Yes." Mew nodded.

“Wow.” Ethan reeled.

“I thank you for your offer…” I began. “…but I won’t enslave one of the Ancients simply because it is within my power. If you wish to protect me

I would welcome your assistance, but I don’t plan on forcing you to live with me if it is not what you wish. Protect me and a deal is struck; I’ll break the Masterball myself once Darkrai isn’t a threat to us anymore.”

Mew smiled. The very air around us seemed to warm, like a fireplace on a cool, winter’s night.

“…So?” I prodded, after a moment of silence.

"So? You passed." Mew grinned, laughing its melodious laugh. "Turns out, you didn’t even fail in the first place."

###

"You are sleep deprived."

We walked out of the Pokémon Pageant, which was completely deserted. A part of me wondered if I would be responsible for damages, since the

Pokémon that had caused mass chaos and panic was technically my own. Oops.

“Yup.” Ethan answered, nodding sleepily.

"I can help you with that, if you wish." Mew offered.

“How?”

Mew let out a large yawn. I instantly recognized what was happening, and shut my eyes and smashed my hands over my ears. Ethan wasn’t so lucky. He looked at Mew inquisitively before letting out a yawn in turn…

…and then fell to the floor, unconscious.

Mew looked at me with confusion when I opened my eyes again.

"I wasn’t aiming for you." It said simply.

“Ethan could’ve been hurt!” I berated.

"Nuh-ah." Mew countered. "I caught him."

Sure enough, Ethan was floating slightly above the ground.

“…Still. You have to ask people before you do things like that.” I frowned.

"He was badly sleep deprived. Ethan had no business making choices for himself. Did you know that long term sleep deprivation is fatal in humans?"

“That’s…that’s for a really long time. Like, weeks-”

"With proper care and nutrition, death will occur in eleven days, two hours, three minutes, and four seconds." Mew rattled. "For a male of your size, if you choose to stop sleeping."

“We were talking about Ethan-”

"For Ethan, the time was reduced to six days, twelve hours, and eighteen minutes exactly." Mew nodded. "Normally he could last longer, but he was not as well-nourished as you."

“Well-nourished?” Suddenly I became self-conscious. “What do you mean?”

"For someone of your current age, you eat better than eighty seven percent of the population, however, you eat less fruits then ninety nine of the population, and are currently slightly dehydrated. Given your current diet, you will contract scurvy in thirteen years, twenty seven days, and nineteen hours, with a margin of error of less than two point eight seven percent."

Well, I did give most of my fruits to Static. He always did like them more than I did.

I shook my head, clearing my thoughts. “Wait. What are we going to do with Ethan? He’s unconscious; we can’t just leave him-”

"His house is point nine three of your miles away, in that direction." Mew pointed behind the Pokémon pageant."

“How do you know all of this?” I frowned, concerned.

"I have existed through several cycles of life. I retain fragments of memories of past lives, which are compiled in my current outlook."

“I mean like, the specifics. My diet, and Ethan’s house.”

"I read your minds."

“That is NOT OKAY-”

I bit my tongue. It was hard not to belittle Mew; I kept having to remind myself that it was more powerful than I could possibly image, even if in this form it could, in theory, be beaten. I swallowed my criticism of mind-reading, and we continued carrying Ethan. Or rather, Mew continued carrying Ethan with telekinesis.

"Calm yourself; I learned early on about the privacy of mortals, and how much it means to them. I will not delve where it would be inappropriate to do so."

“Oh. Well, okay then…”

"Really? “Just talked”? That’s how you explain what you and Sandy do to Static?" Mew laughed harmoniously.

“Hey! Don’t do that!” I blushed fiercely, glaring at Mew. “Those thoughts are personal!”

“I’m a god.” Mew grinned. “And the world is my playground. I do as I wish, for none will oppose me.”

“Yeah, well…I’m your trainer.”

Mew looked at me, smirking with its turquoise eyes. It didn’t challenge my statement, and politely waited for me to continue.

“And I’m telling you that it’s rude, to, um…”

Mew still didn’t interrupt, and stared at me curiously.

“…to read people without their permission.”

Mew floated silently beside me for a moment. "You fashion yourself as my trainer, then?"

“…Yes.” I nodded.

"You think you own me?"

I choose my words carefully. “…I think we have similar ideals, and…we would be better as partners.”

"You think you can control me?"

“I don’t think anything can control you but you.” I spoke honestly. I was rewarded with another musical laugh.

"You choose your words carefully." Mew noted, looking around the darkened city curiously as we passed through.

“I know their power.” I shrugged. “To wound and to mend, to cut, to heal.”

We got to Ethan’s house, and I tried the door.

“Locked.” I grimaced.

"The second story bathroom window is unlocked." Mew noted.

“How are we going to-” I turned to Mew, who was already levitating Ethan though the window.

"In another life-" Mew frowned, trying to position Ethan’s body correctly, "-I actually knew how to teleport objects through space, which would make this task so much simpler."

At last Mew got it, and placed Ethan in his bed…or so Mew said. I couldn’t see for myself, so I chose to trust my new partner.

We stood outside taking in each other’s presence for a moment in the light of the rising moon. Mew’s playful smirk was gone, replaced with a look of calm reverence.

"So, you are my trainer then?" Mew looked me up and down, judging me.

“Yes.” I nodded assertively.

"…That means you have to feed me." Mew giggled, poking me playfully with its tail.

“Yes.” I laughed.

"I want a star fruit." Mew stated.

“I don’t think the shops have those.”

"I want a lychee then." Mew corrected.

“I, um, I don’t know what that is. And I don’t think they have that either.”

"Mmmm." Mew frowned. "What do the shops in this time have?"

“We have Sinnoh food?” I offered.

"Sinnoh." Mew sighed contentedly. "It has been many lives since I’ve had the pleasure of Sinnoh cuisine. I miss the noodles."

“Would you like some of those?”

"Yes. Yes I would." Mew nodded, and we began making our way to the shops. How would I explain to the store keeper that I had captured a mew?

###

“You must be hungry.”

“The second one’s for a friend. He’s a bit shy though.” I smirked, looking down at the ring of ultra balls on my belt.

“Ah, I understand. Enjoy!”

“Thanks, have a nice night.” I smiled to the cashier. The cool night air greeted me as I stepped out of the store.

"He?" My hat asked.

“I’m sorry?”

"You referenced me as a ‘he’ to the salesmen."

“Oh, I’m sorry. Would you prefer a different pronoun?”

"No. It’s just interesting seeing your interpretation." My hat giggled, melting off my head and transforming back into Mew.

“So…what are the limitations of your transformation ability?” I asked, offering Mew his noodles. Mew smiled in acceptance, but didn’t take the fork.

"I’m just as adaptable as a Ditto. I’m more imaginative, but it’s hard to do things on the fly. Simple things – a key, a hat – those are easy."

"What’s hard, then?"

Mew gulped a mouthful of noodles. "Like, say for instance a meteorite was headed for earth, and I had to stop it. If I had to stop it now, I couldn’t.

I couldn’t suddenly get super strength and push it aside, or have Mewtwo’s power to just break it with telekinesis. I’m not that strong. BUT, if I had some time and Mewtwo was there, or Rayquaza, I could just transform into them, then do it."

“Okay, I get that.”

Mew stuck his head in the bowl of noodles, and slurped loudly. "I think this is humanities finest achievement. The perfect blend of salt and sweetness."

“It’s even better with a fork.” I grinned, offering Mew the spare fork.

"Oh, contraire." Mew laughed. "The plastic takes away from the dish, plus it forces you to pace yourself. Just plunge your face in; it’s WAY better."

“I’ll take your word for it.” I laughed, talking a slow bite of the Sinnoh cuisine. Mew smirked and handed me an empty bowl, face happily coated in soy sauce.

“Wait. So if have trouble transforming into pokemon you can’t see, how did you transform into Darkrai?”

"Oh, that?" Mew asked. "I just saw him beforehand and used his form."

"Can you still do it?"

"It was recent…I think so?" Mew concentrated, taking the form of a slightly off-color Darkrai, with blue eyes. "This is…close, right?"

“I think he’s not completely black. Like, just a shade lighter.”

Mew became a shade lighter.

"And I THINK he had red eyes, or at least, like, dark pink."

Mew’s eyes became red.

“Yeah. I think that was it.”

Suddenly a Zorua flashed into existence in front of me, and tackled Mew. Mew spun around – still in Darkrai’s form – and thrashed violently, trying to throw the Zorua off. A Charmeleon dashed in front of me, shielding me from impact. A Charizard landed clumsily behind Mew, roaring violently with streaks of fire blasting out of her mouth. Static dashed up beside the Charmeleon, and a Wigglytuff hid behind me.

“What is going on!?”

The Charizard grappled Mew by the wisps of the Darkrai’s arms, holding him immobile. Skarr flew down and sliced Mew badly across the chest, opening up a large purple gash. Static and Nova both attacked, sending a spray of fire and electricity pulsing into the wound Skarr had opened up.

"Arrrgh!" Mew screamed.

“Everyone, stop!” I ordered.

Mew melted out of Charizard’s grip, and reformed into his normal form. His eyes shone with white for a moment, before he released a blast of energy, sending everything soaring backwards. Charizard was flung into the air, and the others crashed and rolled on the ground.

I crashed against the pavement hard, on my shoulder. Colors swirled around me, but I forced myself to stand. Static stood by my side, fur bristled and at the ready. The others simply stared at Mew.

"Urk..." Mew grimaced, clutching his chest. I walked over calmly, attempting convey a sense of rationality in the mix of all of this chaos. I sprayed

Mew with an antidote, and then gave him a potion. Mew nodded in thanks, and looked at the surrounding Pokémon that staring at him in awe.

"…Mew?" Skarr asked, in awe.

"It’s an illusion!" Myst growled.

"No more an illusion then the grass at your feet, or the shade of a tall tree." Mew smiled. Myst hesitantly pawed at Mew, poking him with a stubby black paw. Mew giggled.

"Mew…" Myst retreated, eyes full of wonder. Charizard bowed, along with Skarr. Charmander and Static stood at my side, confused, yet refusing to bow or yield their ground.

"Please. Your formalities are chivalrous, but misguided. I am your equal." Mew shrugged, floating in the air.

"Aren’t you…Darkrai?" Static asked, confused. Skarr groaned in the background.

"No, dear Pikachu. I am Mew, the nine hundred and seventieth rendition. I am eternal, and undying. I am the spark that has allowed life to exist upon this planet, and I am the Ancestor to all Pokémon on this earth." Mew smiled happily.

"It’s a legend, then?" Static turned to me, tugging on my jeans. "You caught a legend? That’s so badass! How’d you do it? I wasn’t even there!"

"Static…" I groaned. I realized this was the first impression my team would get of Mew, and I winced.

"We have to name you!" Nova clapped happily, slightly oblivious to the magnitude of the situation.

"Name me?" Mew asked, amused.

"Yeah! Like, something that defines you!" Nova chirped. "Like, I was named after…the um, the…the…" Nova blinked, holding his head.

"The star thing! The big one!" Myst suggested helpfully.

"Ttthat one!" Nova slurred.

"Are you both alright?" I blinked. Nova and Myst were acting strangely…sick, perhaps?

"They’re both drunk." Skarr groaned.

"How are you two drunk!?" I asked, frustrated. Myst shrunk back meekly, while Nova looked confused.

"Drunk?" He asked, wobbling slightly.

"Perhaps introductions – and naming – would be better performed in the morning, when we all have a better sense of clarity." Mew winked, and laughed his harmonious laugh.

It was late. The sun had long since set, and I could feel the weariness clutching at my eyelids. "Fair. Let’s get back to the forest, and I’ll put out best rolls for everyone. Myst and Nova?"

"Mmmm?" The duo looked at me with curiosity.

"I want you to drink half of this-" I held up a water bottle. "-before you go to sleep. You’ll thank me in the morning."

"For 'games' in the morning?" Nova looked at me and grinned a shrewd grin.

"No. This is for you not getting hungover."

"Huh?"

"Just drink it, Nova." Myst asserted.

"Okay. Goodnight Josh!" Nova chirped.

"Goodnight, Nova."

"Pleasant dreams."

"Goodnight, Skarr."

"Don’t get eaten by Darkrai!"

"I’ll try." I laughed. "Goodnight, Static."

"Sleep well."

"You too, Charizard." I nodded.

"…’Night." Wigglytuff mumbled.

"Goodnight, Wigglytuff."

"See you at dawn…" Myst sleepily thought.

"You as well. Goodnight, Myst. See you all tomorrow."

I crawled into my sleeping bag, mindful I had missed one important member of my team.

"Sleep well, Mew." I smiled.

"Actually, I don’t sleep." Mew spoke with a trace of sadness. "The bliss of unconsciousness is only available to me in the space between lives. I will keep watch, and ensure Darkrai does not encroach on us at this hour."

"Oh. Thank you." I nodded. "Well, okay, good night."

"That it is." Mew smiled up at the stars. "And a good night to you as well, Josh, my trainer."

