Fantasy pee holding combined with CNC

Author: BadWetGirl

*000*2025-02-15 18:37

Based off of a fantasy I have ...

A girl, brown hair and brown eyes Wakes up one day and decides to go online... She's in a horny mood and wants someone to help her become unpotty trained. She finds someone but after a month forgets about it until that person gets her consent to do what he wishes within her limits...

So one day ... She wakes up and realises she hasn't gone to the toilet since yesterday afternoon so she gets up off her bed and goes to the toilet but ... Realises it's locked, with a note. "Drink 2 litres of water or juice and put on the white jeans and white panties I have laid out for you (the girl allowed him to do this, everything here is consensual) and wear any shirt you wish with no bra".

She goes into her room and puts these clothes on... 4/10 desperate. Then she goes downstairs and sees some orange juice and water. She drinks 1 litre of water and 1 litre of Orange juice. She then attempts to check the downstairs toilet... It's locked. With a note. "Go drink some water, or go outside if you have already".

She goes outside. She texts this person and gets a response "Go shopping for me... Get some pink leggings, a diaper, clothes pins and water, I'll send over the money needed".

She receives the money and does as she is asked. She texts back after an hour (as this is how long it has been), now desperation is 6/10... "I'm done and pretty desperate to go to the toilet"

He responds. "No toilet for you. Drink up. Finish that bottle and go to this park (pins location 5 miles away)"

Obviously it's difficult to walk there so she texts back "Can I get a taxi?"

He responds "No. Walk."

So she drinks the water and walks... Long and lengthy pathway. 30 minutes pass and she's 1/3 of the way there... She leaks a little.

SHE texts... "Uhm, I leaked"

He responds "Bad girl! Finish the drink fully if you haven't already and run to the park. Tighten that belt on your jeans"

She does this... Desperation is at 8/10 now... She runs to the park... 20 minutes left and ... *Leak*... This time a bigger one.

She texts again "I leaked again..."

He says "Stop that. How far away are you?"

She drops her location. He's not far. He gets to her.

He takes her into a car and drives the 5 minutes to the semi abandoned park...

She's tied to a tree... There's not a lot of people but there is a risk...

He brings out the camera... Sets it up. Starts recording.

He brings a feather out and starts to take her shirt off and tickle her vigorously.

She starts leaking more ... Until she bursts ... Colouring the white jeans yellow ... She starts to leak onto the floor and even spurts some poo out...

He says "Naughty girl you are... You need a diaper now don't you? You can't even control yourself. Guess that's a week of diapers for you..."

He takes the clothes off her and puts the diaper on. She is now not allowed to go to the toilet for a week except in the diaper.

By the end of this week, she is taken off diapers... Just to have an accident in her panties and be put in diapers for another week... She's so close to being unpotty trained but he won't allow this as he likes to see her desperate...

*001*2025-02-15 18:42

{{1 minute ago, cwetboy50 said:

Fuuuuuuk that fantasy is so hot

}}

I would love to do that irl with someone NGL

