Hermione the potion master - Page 2

Author: ola93

*033*2018-04-28 21:26

I am pleased to announce that after 'life happened' for much longer than expected things have returned to be much quieter again and I found time and interest to start writing on this story again. I hope people will still be interested. Obviously depending on how long it takes for votes to come in after I post a chapter, I plan to release a new chapter about every week.

I am going to start writing the next chapter now, so don't bother voting on the question from the last chapter anymore. If all goes well I finish writing the next chapter within a few hours. Then, hopefully OmoCommando is still willing to proofread for me (nothing to blame him for if he isn't off course 'though) and I won't have to find someone else to ask for that. If so, the next chapter should be up within a day or two, based on how fast he always replied when I wrote the previous chapters. If not, it may take a little longer as I don't want to upload anything that hasn't been proofread and will thus have to find someone else to do that for me.

For any loyal followers still interested: your patience will be rewarded. Hang on just a bit longer.

For any new readers: now is the time to start reading from the beginning if you want to read the next chapter when I'll put it up.

Now, back to business as usual: The votes that have come in are clearly for McGonagall letting them all go but something stopping them from just peacefully getting a stall immediatly. Someone may los control, some girls may need to use the boy's bathroom and some may need to use a sink. That's what I'll be working with.

*035*2018-04-29 21:41

At long last, here it is:

CHAPTER 6

Understanding what must have happened, professor McGonagall felt sorry for the girls and said: “Well, I can see potion's class has affected you one way or another, so I'll explain the assignment for the remainder of this afternoon after a short break for all of you to fix your modesty as much as possible” – she glanced at Ginny at that statement – “and relief your bladders, hurry up.”

McGonagall did not have to say that twice as Hermione, Padma, Susan and Fay rushed out of the classroom before she even finished telling them to hurry up. They were closely followed by a red-faced Ginny, who was covering her breast with her arm. Further behind them were some of the other girls who apparently wanted to do something about a horn they had grown or take the opportunity to relief themselves too or just wanted to fix their make up.

Hermione soon felt a small leak dampen her panties and realised she had to slow down if she wanted to avoid flooding the hallway on her way to the bathroom. Soon after, the other girls passed her and when Hermione reached the bathroom, she was joined by Ginny. However, Hermione was shocked much more by what was in front of her than by the fact that Ginny had caught up with her.

Susan was nowhere to be seen and a loud hiss coming from one of the stalls in the bathroom told Hermione that she went in there. Hermione realised in horror that they had all rushed to the nearest bathroom without thinking about the fact it had only two stalls.

What made matters worse, was the fact that Padma and Fay were both bobbing up and down with their legs crossed and a hand – two hands in Padma's case – in between them. Even worse, was the reason they were both still waiting: in front of the second stall was Peeves and he was singing:

“Girls are desperate to pee, but I will let them be. They always go whenever and never hold it, ever. But Peeves wants to teach them a lesson, and clogged a toilet for said lesson.”

Hermione groaned as she realised she would never be able to wait for both Padma and Fay to pee after each other, which was confirmed by another spurt shooting out of her and drenching her panties. “What do we do?” she gasped to Padma, who appeared to be in no better situation.

“Boy's room?” Padma suggested. Hermione was still able to think clearly enough to quickly ditch that idea ‘though: “It's magically protected-d. You'll grow a... member for a w-week if you pee in there-e” she stuttered.

Suddenly realizing she could go in there and stop any further embarrassment, Ginny did hurry into the boy's room and started stuffing toilet paper in her bra in the only stall in there (which was accompanied by two urinals). She felt ridiculous to push up her already quite generous breast like that, but it hid her horn as intended.

In the mean time, Hermione felt another dribble escape her and she realised two things: it went down her leg and she could not stop it. Knowing the dribble would soon turn into a torrent, she pushed through Susan and Fay – which resulted in angry gasps as it made both of them lose a little too – hitched up her skirt, jumped onto the sink and pulled her soaked panties aside just in time for her control to fail completely.

Despite the immense relief she felt, Hermione turned crimson as she realised not only Susan and Fay, but Peeves too were looking at her private parts as she uncontrollably released a gusher of pee. Just as she finished after a ridiculous short pee for how desperate she had been, Padma came out of the stall. Her jaw dropped but she was quickly pushed away by Fay who rused into the stall and let go of an equally strong but short pee.

Realizing she was already done and Susan was still waiting for her, Hermione quickly jumped off the sink and Susan immediately took it to repeat her performance. Afraid to get a rash, Hermione pulled her panties down from under her skirt and threw them in the bin.

Unwilling to open the bathroom door with Susan sitting naked on the sink, Hermione and Padma waited for the others to finish and soon the four of them left, terribly embarrassed but greatly relieved. In the hallway, they re-joined Ginny and some others who were just coming back from another bathroom.

Soon, everyone was back in class and they started practicing the spell to look through another's eyes for a second on their classmates. Although Hermione carefully thought about any step she took to avoid exposing herself, the first hour and a half went by pretty uneventful, which was until Hermione realised that despite not having drunken anything anymore, she needed to pee again already.

END OF CHAPTER 6

We will pick up with chapter 7 right after class.

Questions:

- How badly will Hermione, Fay and possibly others need to go after class and where will they go to do something about that and when will they go there?

- Hermione will start studying the creation of perfect polyjuice potion after class. Will she get a drink before going to the library as she is used to (after peeing) or is she trying to minimize strain on her tiny bladder and doesn't she drink anything for now?

- Will Hermione hop by the Gryffindor tower to get some clean panties and change her skirt (which has a small wet spot on it from where her hands were pressing it against her panties) or does she not waste any study time and does she head to thr library immediately?

As you may have guessed by the short time between my last post and this one, OmoCommando was still willing to proofread for me. However, he did tell me he is fairly busy with amongst other things the moderating of this site he does for us. Therefore, I want to thank him once more for his help in putting out to the part of this story published to date.

As a first attempt to find someone to help me out in the future, I'll just ask this here: is there anyone amongst the readers of this story who has got some time to read new parts of this story on a regular basis and give me feedback on them?

*037*2018-04-30 10:11

{{17 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Awesome! It's just awesome that the story continues.

I was quite sad when I got the feeling it would not be continued, I loved every single chapter!

Looking forward to the next one!!

}}

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn this story is excellent I am so loving it

}}

I'm glad you're still enjoying this story after all this time ;-), but could you answer the questions and/or make some ither suggestions too? I would really like to keep up the (already quite minimal) interactive aspect to what I write.

*039*2018-04-30 21:24

@sicarius4

@mynameissteven

@Thar

@Luna

Just a shout out to the people who have responded to this story previously and have still been active lately, so they may be interested in the update but are not following this thread (visibly, anymore).

*041*2018-05-06 22:14

CHAPTER 7

As she walked out of class, Hermione was still aware of a slight tingling in her bladder, but it had not gotten much worse and considering she wanted there was only an hour left before dinner and she wanted to make the most of the effects of the potion she had taken, she decided to ignore it. What she could not ignore, however, was her lack of underwear. She hurried back to the Gryffindor tower and felt relieved when she walked out of the girls’ dorm room well dressed again a minute later.

On her way out, Hermione grabbed a bottle of pumpkin juice from the fridge in the common room to drink while she would be studying in the library for the coming fifty minutes until she would need to head to the great hall for dinner. Upon reaching the library, she put her bag and her drink down at the table where she always sat down to study. She quickly took a gulp of her pumpkin juice, subtly squeezing her thighs together as her bladder reacted to the thought of having to contain more liquid – or at least that is what Hermione thought explained the sudden increase in her need to pee she felt.

Hermione then quickly started to look for any books that could contain any information on polyjuice potion other than the well known recipe for the way to brew it people applied nowadays, which she already knew and had brewed before of course. After only fifteen minutes, sooner than she had expected based on the many times she had visited the library before – she thought she had found anything of interest right now and settled down to start reading with:

- Famous potions, a history

- Challenges in potion making

- Failures in potion making

- and Ongoing research on potions.

Soon, really soon, thanks to the Celerlectioserum running through her vessels, Hermione found a couple of paragraphs in “Famous potions, a history” about the invention of polyjuice potion. Before she planned to start reading it, she reached for her bottle of pumpkin juice and took another gulp. Before she had even put her bottle back down, she suddenly felt a wave of urgency to pee overcome her, one that was much stronger than she could have expected based on the mild urge she had been feeling until seconds before. Hermione gasped quietly and jammed her legs together to stop herself from losing control right then and there. The wave soon passed and Hermione was able to relax a bit again, but her urge still felt much stronger than before she drunk that gulp of juice.

Then, it dawned on her: back in transfiguration class, Hermione had felt the shrinking of her bladder caused by the leech juice in her Celerlectioserum, which had also explained why she had needed to go again a bit already before that class had even finished. As she had not drunken anything since, however, she had not yet experienced the effects of the horse hair in the potion. What she had felt when she drunk those last two gulps of pumpkin juice, must have been caused by that. Anything she drunk was immediately turned into urine and reached her bladder in a fraction of a second.

For a moment, Hermione worried how she would handle that, but then she remembered she had studying to do. She could go pee on her way to dinner and she would be okay for the half hour she had left as long as she remembered not to drink any more of her pumpkin juice. Unconsciously tapping her foot, Hermione finally started reading and taking notes and faster than she had been able to ever before.

Barely ten minutes later, Hermione had worked her way through everything “Famous potion, a history” had to tell about polyjuice potion and she had learned all about the experiments done to invent it. Most important to her, was that in those days, the inventors had had no idea why the potion was not moving you to a place close the person whose body you copied, as the combination of ingredients suggested that should have been an effect of the potion too. It appeared like some of the ingredients just did not have to full effects they had in other potions.

Now completely focussed on her studying, Hermione opened, “Failures in potion making” next and... gulped down some more pumpkin juice... Again, it instantly got into her shrunken bladder, which cramped painfully in response to the sudden increase in the volume of pee within it. Hermione gasped for air as her hands shot to her crotch and she was barely able to stop a leak from escaping her control. When that wave of urgency caused by the sudden change had passed, Hermione was left with a very serious need to pee. Realising she would now have to interrupt her studying, she cursed herself for her mistake and quickly but carefully got up.

Hermione walked as fast as she could without hurting her full bladder too badly to the restroom near the entrance to the library. She was quite used to making that walk with a very full bladder, although she usually only made it in that state during weekends after studying for much longer. She sighed relieved when she noticed the bathroom with four stalls was completely empty and quickly went into a stall, sat down and let go. She peed a strong stream as she had expected judging by her great need to go, but was finished much sooner than was normal for her. She estimated her bladder was now able to hold only about a third of its normal capacity.

Relieved, Hermione hurried back to her place in the library and finally started working through “Failures in potion making”. Still reading fast, she soon found a whole chapter dedicated to failures during attempts at making polyjuice potion before the now standard recipe had been created, followed by another chapter on attempts to enhance that recipe to create the perfect polyjuice potion Hermione now wanted to create herself.

With only a few minutes to go before she would need to go to dinner, she read over her notes and soon noticed that every ingredient for which a substitute existed had been substituted and every possible order of adding the ingredients had been tried during previous attempts at brewing perfect polyjuice potion. Concluding she would need to find other ways to improve the brewing, Hermione placed the books she had read back where she found them and got permission from the librarian to borrow “Challenges in potion making” and “Ongoing research in potions”. She packed her bag, grabbed it to leave, but hesitated when she looked at the two thirds filled bottle of pumpkin juice she still had. She did feel a bit thirsty but... she certainly had reasons to avoid drinking for now.

END OF CHAPTER 7

- Does Hermione finish her pumpkin juice?

- Does Hermione pee on her way to the great hall?

- What will Hermione have for dinner?

*045*2018-05-08 16:05

Thanks for the kind replies, guys. You really got my mind going and I decided to write a short chapter on the train today. I have not found a new proofreader yet and have decided to continue without one for now. This does allow me to post whenever I feel like it too. On the other hand, I could be making mistakes. If you find any, please point them out to me. Now, without further ado, here's chapter 8.

CHAPTER 8

After thinking over the consequences for a moment, Hermione decided she could not just throw away a nice drink and she would be able to handle it. However, she decided she would need to avoid upsetting her bladder by gulping it all down too fast again. Also, she knew the small bottle held about 200mL more. She estimated her well trained bladder could hold close to a litre normally, so if her earlier estimation that she had held about a third of what she normally could was right, she should be fine.

Slowly but continuously, Hermione drank her juice. About halfway through it, she sensed some tingling in her bladder, but it was not too bad and she pushed on. When she finished the drink, she was well aware of an urge to pee, but just like she had hoped for, it was manageable. She threw away her empty bottle, grabbed her bag and finally set off towards the great hall. When she exited the library, she noticed the bathroom she had used just before and thought about going there again. Looking at her watch, she dismissed that idea and hurried to the great hall.

Hermione smiled when she sat down - facing Ron and besides Ginny, who was facing Harry – and noticed how Harry seemed to be unable to contain himself and keep from staring at Ginny's breast, still pushed up by the layers of toilet paper she had stuffed in her bra to hide the horn that had grown on her nipple from sight. Soon, Dumbledore summoned dinner to the tables and for a moment, Hermione was torn between having some roast beef with mac and cheese or some of the delicious looking pumpkin soup. An angry spasm in her bladder, made her dismiss the second option and she went for the beef.

During dinner, Harry and Ron kept talking about their day and Hermione was glad the others kept from focussing on her as it allowed her to uncross and recross her legs every once in a while without drawing too much attention to herself. However, when they finished their main courses, Ron asked: “Aren't you gonna drink anything today, Hermione?” For a moment, she did not know what to say. She was thirsty after eating the spicy beef and she was pretty sure Ron – who had had the same meat – would not believe her if she simply said she was not thirsty. On the other hand, she needed to pee too badly to be willing to drink much more and if her estimation was correct, another normal sized glass would be too much for her bladder.

END OF CHAPTER 8

The situation Hermione is now in has been created completely by the unanimous votes for Hermione finishing the pumpkin juice and not peeing before dinner. It's time for you to get creative and find away to save her from embarassment here. No closed questions this time, you can suggest whatever suggestion you think is the most suitable. I may or may not combine multiple ideas or just pick the one I like the most depending on the suggestions that come in.

*049*2018-05-11 22:06

Thanks for all the support again. Please remember any feedback is appreciated. Without further ado...

CHAPTER 9

Hermione decided she needed to distract Ron and make him forget he asked that question. Forcing herself to keep from moving her legs too obviously, she started ‘explaining’ some completely made a up theory about not drinking too much while she was under the effect of a potion. Soon enough, Ron looked at Harry helplessly and he quickly jumped into the conversation and changed the subject. Hermione gladly stopped talking and squeezed a hand between her legs under the table for a second to calm down her bladder. Not squirming around while her friends had been looking at her had really made her desperation spike and she was glad she had managed to do it without leaking.

Soon, dessert was served and Hermione – glad that there was a not liquid option despite her growing thirst – went for some cheese cake. When the tables were cleared, she quickly told her friends she was going to study some more and stiffly walked out of the great hall. Soon, Hermione reached the bathrooms closest to the great hall. However, even ‘though she could have expected it right after dinner, she was shocked to see there was a line.

Not willing to risk leaking by walking much further, Hermione saw no other option than to join the line. Soon, she could not help clearly showing her distress and she was constantly crossing and uncrossing her legs, bending forward or bobbing up and down. She really was not even sure she would make it anymore.

By the time Hermione got to the head of the line, she was very glad to be inside the ladies' room and out of sight of at least any boys, as she suddenly had to jam a hand between her legs to stop herself from leaking. In fact, she had been a little too late to stop herself from leaking completely and a small dribble had dampened her panties. However, she did not have any time to worry about that as a stall opened and Hermione rushed in. She just managed to get her underwear down and sit back on the toilet before releasing a torrent of pee, which – despite its force – went on for a ridiculously short time at the least in Hermione's eyes.

Finally relieved, Hermione hurried back to her dorm room to once again change her underwear. Still really thirsty, she stopped at the fridge in the common room on her way back out. Standing there, she hesitated for a moment. Soon, she came up with an idea and grabbed three bottles of pumpkin juice. However, she did not open any of them and instead put them in her bag for later use. Then, she set off towards the library.

Upon reaching the entrance to the library, Hermione took a turn and entered the ladies' room instead. She felt ridiculous to do so just after having peed, but entered a stall, put down her bag, pulled down her underwear and sat down on the toilet once again.

Then, she grabbed a bottle of pumpkin juice from her bag and started downing it. Soon enough, she felt her bladder fill again and just relaxed. Once she finished her juice, Hermione still felt a bit thirsty and – still peeing – downed another one. When she had finished that too, she realised she had been drinking slightly faster than she was peeing and her bladder had still filled a bit. After a few more seconds, she was empty again and got up. Finally, she felt ready to study and hurried into the library.

Hermione settled down at her favourite spot in the library, got her notes out and started reading ‘Challenges in potion making’. There was a whole chapter about polyjuice potion, but to her dismay, after reading for over an hour even with the effects of the potion still making her read really fast, she had to conclude the book just used more words to repeat what she already knew: the ingredients were theoretically correct and every order to add them in had been tried. Something else had to be changed.

Hermione gulped down some pumpkin juice again. She was careful not to drink too much or too fast this time, but she still felt a slight urge to pee again already when she put the bottle down. However, she ignored it and started reading in ‘Ongoing research in potions'. The book was ordered by method, forcing Hermione to read at least the start of each chapter to determine where any relevant information could be.

Two hours later, Hermione had found that different temperatures, ways of mixing ingredients and sometimes the proximity of bewitched objects during the brewing of a potion could influence the effects the ingredients had.

Glad that she had found some more options to think about, Hermione decided to call it a day and put her notes back in her bag and the books on the shelves.

Only when she got up, she noticed her half full bottle of pumpkin juice, which reminded her of her bladder situation. Sure, anything she drank since that afternoon had been processed straight away so her bladder was not really filling anymore when she wasn't drinking, but her muscles were still getting tired when they had to stay clamped for long periods of time and it had been over two hours since she had first noticed she had to pee again. For short, she had to pee again. Not terribly badly so, but she could definitely use a toilet now that she was thinking about it.

Deciding it would be a bad idea to drink it right now, Hermione put her bottle of pumpkin juice back in her bag and left the library. Walking passed the toilets, she thought about using them for a moment, but she decided she'd rather use the more luxurious ones back in the Gryffindor tower and continued walking there.

END OF CHAPTER 9

Chapter 10 will start with Hermione's arrival in the Gryffindor's common room, where she'll find one or more of her friends. Who will it be and how will they spend the remainder of the evening? I'm open to any suggestions once again here.

I do have some ideas for this myself, but I am not completely happy with any of them yet, so I'll either pick one based on your suggestions and possibly combine it with some of the suggestions, or just go with one of the suggestions instead of one of my own ideas if I like them more.

