New Gotham

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-04-01 02:32

I'm not really into super heroes (other than batman) but I thought I'd give this a spin so here ya go.

Gotham City had once been a rich city but since the death of my father it had fallen into the hands of criminals, people were afraid to show their faces, most of it became unlivable. Most of it. I grew up in uptown Gotham, one of the few places GCPD had managed to keep clean of filth like the joker. But lately crime has gotten higher with no one to protect the town. I want to make a change but I don’t know where to start…

“Madame Wayne?” Alfred asked as he walked into my room. He was tall and refined, but he was getting old, his hair was white and balding and wrinkles had grown more apparent since the first time I met him when I was conceived. Alfred was dying, there was little chance of him being around to see my seventeenth birthday next year and the thought broke my heart.

“Alfred, I’ve known you my whole life, I’m practically related to you, call me Selina.” I grinned, but it was forced and sad. I was named after my mother, also dead… but that was long before I grew conscious enough to even speak. She died before my first birthday in a car accident, only that’s not what really happened.

“Selina, I promised your grandfather to protect your father and failed three years ago, now I must risk failing your father. I need to show you something I should have a long time ago, before things had gotten this bad.” He coughed into his arm and looked at me miserably, he knew he was making a serious risk, but sometimes you have to sacrifice things, sometimes the ones you love, for a greater cause.

He led me through the large manor, the empty manor. It had many material things, but without my father, without my mother I never met and without my uncle and aunt Tim and Barbara Drake who was often away on business and soon to be without Alfred the place was lonely and sad. I strolled forward till Alfred stopped at an old grandfather clock that had been there since before I was born.

“Forgive me for doing this Bruce.” Alfred prayed to the heavens and I noticed a tear fall from his face. He pressed a hidden button and the clock slid to the side revealing a tunnel. “Come Selina, it is time you discover your legacy.” He sighed heavily as he clicked on a flashlight and led me down, deep into the bowels of Wayne Manor. I followed obediently despite my fear.

Finally we emerged into a dark cavern, suddenly lights blazed on revealing how massive the cavern was, and how little I knew of my father. The cavern was filled with amazing vehicles and gadgets and display cases with curious objects and souvenirs of my father’s amazing past. In the center of the cavern was a computer with the largest monitor I had ever seen and I gasped amazed.

“Where are we Alfred?” All though I knew, finally I realized who my father was. The man of legend: Batman.

“This Madame Wayne, is the Bat cave.” He said impressively before frowning again. “I fear you must become the new hero of Gotham, you must be the new Batgirl.” He said heartbroken at what he was leading me into.

“I can’t protect Gotham..” I protested weakly. “I’m just a teenage girl.”

“A teenage girl with more fighting experience than any grown male fighter, professional or not, more agility than and Olympic gymnast, more intelligent than most adults. You have been trained for this your whole life, crime fighting is in your blood, becoming the hero that Gotham needs is your legacy.

“I… I am to be the next Batgirl?” I asked a we approached the center of the room and we approached the computer.

“Yes, and now we design your suit since the old one is word.” He said softly. “Computer scan Selina Oracle Wayne.” Alfred said as the computer scanned my body while I stood still. “Now I trust you can design a sensible costume?” He asked me. I nodded. “Then I will have other things prepared for this evening.” And he headed deeper into the cave.

Suddenly an image of me was on the screen and I took in my current sight. I was tall, with long and fit legs. My body was well developed including my breasts. I had long dark hair that fell to my mid back and deep blue eyes. I was slender and not particular muscular, despite the fact I could easily take down men thrice my weight with relative ease.

I quickly designed a sexy, yet sensitive outfit. A tight fitting suit that showed off all my curves in black with a golden bat symbol across the chest and a short black and purple cape and a mask showing off only my chin up to my lips. The material was some sort of flexible and thin suit that was somehow tougher than Kevlar.

Alfred came back after I placed the suit on over me, it felt like a second skin as I moved through it with ease in the boots that were fashionable without the stupidity of high heels. My gloves went back just before my elbow and was covered in three metallic spikes on both end. “What do you think?” I asked.

“Very nice, now here are some weapons of choice, batarangs, exploding batarangs, grappling gun, smoke pellets, remote control batarangs and tazer knuckles as they are called.” He said.

“Tazer knuckles?” I asked. He simply placed a small extension to my gloves on my knuckles.

“Electrically charged brass knuckles.” He explained he explained giving me the rest of my gear. “Now go, joker is terrorizing Gotham… as always… stop him now.”

“Can I take the bat-mobile?” I asked hopefully despite the urgent tone in his voice.

“You don’t even have a license.” He cried exasperated.

“Fine,” I muttered as I left for the darker streets of Gotham.

I found myself perched on top of a abandoned building as I found my bladder filling as I stared down to the ground to find Joker and Harley Quinn working on something within an abandoned warehouse. I considered leaving to go to the bathroom, but I knew that’s not what my father would have one so I observed the going on of whatever they were doing using a sonic hearing feature within my helmet.

“So you are going to spread Arkham to the entire tri-city are of Gotham, Metropolis and Dakota?” Harley asked an unseen figure.

“Yes, and quarantine all the people within it, I already have the city convinced, with the help of a certain Lex Luthor that is.” A vaguely familiar voice replied.

“And we still get the run?” Joker asked happily.

“SO long as you can keep the power yourself, there is always the threat of someone trying to take that for themselves, but I will only supply you with the top notch weapons. I must be leaving now, do you have the toxin activated?”

“Yes, it’s set to go off in an hour near Wayne Manor.”

“Perfect once the uptown Gotham is destroyed nothing will stop me from taking over, soon the world will bow before me.”

I gasped. Wayne Manor? I felt myself grow enraged. “First I stop Joker, then I deactivate the bombs.” I said taking a breath I ignored my aching bladder as I leaped off the building my cape extending so that I glided through the large pane of glass with enough force to shatter it as I landed atop Harley Quinn in time to see a figure leaving the building.

“Batman?” Joker cried frightened. “… No… you’re a Batgirl… I could have some fun with you.” He cried pulling out a gun.

I leapt up quickly and dodged bullets flying around me in expert maneuvers. Each somersault sent a pang in my bladder as I began to tremble.

“Is the bat scared?” Joker asked as Harley rose to her feet.

“Not a chance.” I said through gritted teeth launching a batarang towards him, disarming the gun as I launched the grappling hook at the wall, sending me towards joker so that I rammed into him, knocking him to the ground. I smirked as I stood atop him.

“You’re a super villain?” I asked, my voice thick with sarcasm. I didn’t see Harley sneak up behind me, or see her slam her massive mallet into the back of my skull. I collapsed to the ground instantly.

I awoke hours later to find myself bound to a spinning wheel while joker next to a table of daggers. He picked one up and grinned, I thought of pulling off your mask but I thought this would be fun, a little foreplay until I get to see your pretty little face, you are pretty aren’t you? You don’t wear a mask to cover a seriously disfigured face do you?”

“Shut up!” I called angrily trying to get off the wheel but I was completely motionless much to the dismay of my throbbing bladder as I stared at him angrily. I groaned quietly as Harley Quinn approached me walking as seductively as she could to impress the Joker. She grabbed my foot and gave it a spin sending me in a spiral as the wheel picked up speed. I felt my bladder slowly weaken as the speed began to nauseate me. Then I heard the deathly frightening “thwack!” As a dagger landed in the wheel near my head.

My bladder released a violent spurt into my thin white panties as it trickled to my mid-thigh. I grit my teeth as another dagger landed in the wheel as another spurt soaked my panties and slithered down to my knee. Then there was a loud crash as the wall exploded as my bladder burst at the same time.

In flew a green lantern I didn’t recognize, a super…girl and a much younger looking superman, as well as a much younger looking wonder-woman in a different uniform. I stared at them confused as urine streamed in all directions as the wheel spun. The stream could be seen as it trickled down my abdomen, thighs and spread out around my hips and but until one warm stain of urine covered me in nearly every area from just below the golden bat to my knees and the wheel stopped and I found myself dazed and confused.

*003*2012-04-22 06:35

Super girl's perspective

I was floating in the warehouse while the greenlantern and super boy double teamed the joker and wonder girl easily battled Harley Quinn. My blue eyes began to glow red as I used my heat vision to free the bat girl from her trap. My eyes returned to normal as I flew to the girl. My golden hair flying behind me, as I landed in front of the urine soaked, disoriented girl. She looked at the S-shield on my long sleeve, tight fitting blue shirt that ended halfway down my torso, then down at my short red skirt that showed of a large amount of my long toned legs. I smiled at her sadly. "Are you ok?"

"Who are you?" She asked as she stood up dizzily.

:Super girl/Kara Kent. the other three are Conner Kent/Super Boy, Green Lantern, Kevin McDaniel (OC) WOnder Girl/Cassie Sandsmark." I said, speaking in a low tone so the criminals couldn't here. "And don't worry about wetting yourself, I may be the girl of steel but I don't nearly have a bladder of steel, neither does Cassie." I said giggling slightly as the Joker and Harley were quickly apprehended.

"We got to get to Wayne Manor!" The batgirl cried, urgency rang in her voice."

"Guys, to Wayne Manor now!" I cried and flew to the destination at bullet speed, Wonder Girl and Super Boy kept up, but The green Lantern was a little further behind as he helped carry the Bat Girl. I grimaced, wondering what I would fine at the Manor.

This chapter was short and just too see if you guys want the constant character switch or just a single character perspective, also any other suggestions are welcome

*005*2012-04-26 22:54

I flew faster than I ever imagined myself flying before and slammed to the ground in front of wayne Manor, before me was some large machinery, just as I began to approach it, it exploded in a cliche moment. I was launched back from the shockwave as a yellow green gas filled the air. My eyes went wide as the other heroes ebgan to appear before me. "Fall back, Joker Toxin!" I cried. I turned to fly away from the Manor when I noticed Batgirl resisting the green lantern energy in an attempt to fall into the gas?

"Alfred!" She screamed, thrashing her limbs as we flew away.

"Hold on, looks like I've got a citizen to save." I said, knowing I could survive the toxin and flew straight into the gaseous Manor. I landed in the main hall when I noticed him. Lex Luthor, donning a hazmat suit, in his right hand was a cane, with a led cover around the top. I raised an eye brow as I approached the notorious man. "Give me one reason not to slaughter you." I said through gritted teeth. My anger didn't know the restraint my cousin one knew, the cousin that died at the hand of Luthor and his kryptonite gun.

"How about this." He said, he pulled the cover off his cane and revealed a kryptonite diamond in the shape of a skull. He sneered as my strength fled my body and I collapsed in a heap. I absently noticed the gas approaching as Luthor stood before me. I gasped softly as the kryptonite had the usual effect on my bladder, urine flowed from my urethra, staining my white panties as it began to form a puddle around me, soaking my red mini-skirt. White flashed before my eyes as he slammed his cane into the side of my head, I fell to the ground.

"The old man is dead, he seemed quite happy to die though. He went laughing, of course that might be the joker toxin. Oh well, I have no time to deal with you, let's see if your strength can come back before the toxin over takes you though. Should be interesting, let me know what happens." HE said as he left the room and I found myself alone and exhausted. I struggled to my feet and forced myself to find the corpse of Alfred, to give him a proper burial for Bat girl. I dragged myself further into the house and found his dead body. I heaved him up as my strenght began to come back and flew out and found the other heroes a few buildings away while downtown Gotham was overtaken by the joker toxin. I looked out at it helplessly.

"Every other hero is dead, we're all that's left, we are the Justice league." I said to the other and turned to Batgirl. "And you're one of us."

Months had passed since the cities became nothing more than Arkham, the three most metropolitan cities, were now quarantined in order to protect the rest of the world from the terrorists the Justice league could no longer defeat. I looked at my reflection in the window of a building and noticed my bladder bulging slightly, I needed to pee, but something else needed my attention first. Ivy's child.

*007*2012-04-30 18:12

Well she was trained at different fighting techniques, no where as good as batman's skills but better than most, the only gadget she really used in this chapter was the grapple hook which is simple enough and there is a period of several months between her first time failing at crime fighting to the rest of the story where she has all but mastered her gadgets, the justice league information will be slowly eased in as a side story. Also it isn't super difficult to fight the joker who other than in the Christopher Nolan movies is actually quite weak and a bad fighter

