Lea and Jamie: Home

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2014-02-12 06:00

Jamie doesn’t know what to think, he hasn’t been punished in a whole week. He doesn’t like having to take charge of himself. He likes it better when Lea is home and tells him exactly what to do and when to do it. He was not built for independence. At least Lea will be home soon. He leaves for the airport to pick up his mistress.

Lea’s been on the plane for at least four hours and for the same amount of time she has refused to leave her seat. She can feel the pressure building in her abdomen. She’d give anything to be off this wretched flight and in her own bathroom. She hates small spaces, but there’s no other way to get from Seattle to New York in less than a day. She crosses her legs, pulling her skirt back over her knees. God she hates skirts even more than she hates this damn plane. Business travel is the worst.

Jamie can’t stand the droning boredom that comes with driving. He lets his mind wander to the fun he’ll have once Lea returns. He parks the car and wanders to baggage claim to wait for his love. He’s an hour early, but anywhere is better than home alone. He longs for her touch. He misses her demands, always knowing exactly what will make him squirm. He can’t wait for her to regain control over him.

Lea squirms in her seat, fastening her seatbelt for landing. Soon enough she will be home.

The airplane lands and soon enough people are let off. Lea grabs her carryon bag and walks up the isle toward the door. Now that she has walking to focus on she lets her mind wander to the fun she could have with her puppet when they get home.

Jamie spots Lea in the crowd and stands to rush toward her. He can see the stress melt from her face when she sees him. She grabs her bag from the conveyer and wanders toward her Jamie. She sets down her bags and embraces him. Just then she feels a twinge in her bladder causing her to let go and bend over, crossing her legs hard. She can feel a damp patch form in her panties.

After regaining control she fast walks to the car, dragging Jamie along. He feels at home already. She shoves her bags in the trunk and hops in the driver’s seat, barely letting Jamie close his door before speeding onto the freeway. They are home in less than ten minutes. Lea can feel herself slowly losing control. She parks and hops out, telling Jamie to grab her bags. She stands very still waiting for him. They run up the stairs, Lea’s bladder aching.

The second she gets inside she tosses her shoes in the closet and removes her skirt and stockings to reveal very damp cotton panties. She hurriedly puts on a pair of jeans and feels a spurt of warm pee immediately escape into her panties. Jamie reaches their bedroom finally and Lea commands him to lay on their bed.

He does as she says, knowing the fun that is about to be released upon him. Lea hops on the bed and straddles Jamie between her increasingly damp jeans. She can finally let go. Hot pee rushes from her, spreading over her thighs down onto Jamie’s abdomen. She can feel his manhood poking through his now damp jeans. She rocks her hips, feeling extraordinary relief as the pee continues rushing out of her body.

She leans down and kisses Jamie hard, trailing her lips down his neck. He pulls off his shirt and unbuttons his jeans, then removes her own shirt. She rock her hips, unable to control her lust. *implied scene* They collapse on the bed and sleep.

She wakes up first, shivering in the cold wet sheets. She shakes Jamie awake and says “Jamie clean up,” getting up from their soiled sheets and grabbing her damp clothes from the floor, dropping them in the laundry basket. She hops in the shower to warm up.

Jamie feels a familiar twinge in his bladder as he changes his jeans and he gathers their soiled sheets to do a load of laundry. He’s already changed once today, hopefully Lea doesn’t notice if he uses the toilet. He sneaks into their shared bathroom just as Lea opens the shower door. Damn. “What are you doing puppet? You can use the bathroom when I tell you to. Now get out of here so I can dry off in peace.”

Jamie does as he is told and sulks back to the livingroom. Lea puts on some comfortable jeans and a t-shirt. She catches Jamie in the livingroom holding his crotch, leaving a smirk on her face. “Oh does puppet need to pee?” She purrs.

She hand him a beer and tells him to drink up. She watches has he drinks grimacing. He won’t last long after having a diuretic like that.

About an hour passes and nothing eventful happens while they watch some television. Eventually though Jamie starts squirming more and more. Lea commands that he sit still so he tries his hardest, but not even her demand can keep his bladder from aching.

“To your corner puppet” Lea says. Jamie stands, causing a large spurt of pee to escape into his jeans. His hands dart to his crotch and grab hard at his wee hole. He still inches his way to the corner. Lea stands and saunters over with him. Jamie starts to sit, so Lea says “No, you may not sit.” Jamie whimpers and say “please mistress, I can’t hold it much longer, could I please at least sit?”

Lea ignores his request, too enticed by the damp patch she spies on his jeans. “You’ve been a bad boy puppet, you got your pants wet. For that you have stand like a little toy soldier. Hands to your side, feet pointed out.”

That was the straw that broke the camel’s back, removing his hands from his crotch the pee flows freely, soaking his jeans. He stands as he is told, but can’t help but tilt his head to the sky in relief. Lea watches as his pants glisten with pee. “Tsk, tsk, tsk. I’m afraid you’ll have to wear those pants all afternoon, as you forgot to start the laundry,” Lea says, sauntering to their bedroom to grab some towels to throw at Jamie.

“Clean up your mess and bring a towel to sit on while we watch a movie,” Lea says heading to the livingroom to find a terrible horror movie for them to watch.

