Multiple Sexy Female Asian Coworker`s Desperation! (Must Read!)

Author: Brenman 

*000*2019-02-27 08:15

I posted this in the other category as well, but I would like it to get as much readership as possible, if that's okay. 

So, this is something that happened to me when I was a teenage, working at a Japanese restaurant/sushi that had just recently opened in my little New England town. The restaurant's funding had been assembled by three gentlemen, Clarke, a middle aged, white businessmen, along with a couple older Japanese gentlemen who worked at the restaurant as the sushi chefs. A Japanese restaurant was a novelty in our town, and as we also had a full liquor bar, the place was quite a hit within just two or three months. 

It was my first job. I was only a teenager, in my second year of high school, and I was eager to work. At first, the job itself was rather slow, but I didn't mind, for I found myself surrounded for the first time with the beautiful Asian American girls who worked as waitresses at the restaurant. Prior to working there, I'd never payed much mind to Asian women, I had been naturally more attracted to white girls only since they were the majority of the girls in my town, but with this job, I quickly developed "Asian Fever" as I called it, or, a nearly fetishistic obsession with beautiful Asian women, that I developed nearly overnight. 

If you'd worked at this place, it was easy to see why. I was a teenaged boy, still a virgin at the time, and my hormones were raging at that phase in my life with animalistic ferocity. I was almost ashamed that I had taken to watching strictly Asian porn as a result of the effect that the beautiful Asian girls at the restaurant had on my young adolescent being. Let me describe the working atmosphere just a little bit more descriptively for you. 

The hostess at our restaurant was a beautiful, tanned, Japanese American girl named Helen, late 20s, and boy was Helen an absolute knockout! Helen's face was supremely beautiful in a very sexy, sultry way. Helen was thick and curvaceous in just the right places, thicker than any Asian girl I'd ever seen in real life or even on the internet. I normally had thought of Asian girls as being extremely thin, and while Helen was thin-waisted, nothing else about this Japanese beauty was thin. Helen's ass absolutely could have been nominated to be considered an official Wonder of the World. She had an enormous, perfectly round behind that jutted out behind her oh-so-enticingly. Up top she had two, big beautiful round breasts, easily D-cups, that loved to jiggle and bounce when she strolled through the main dining room to seat people.

Added to this was the fact that her signature outfit was a tiny, jet-black miniskirt that ended just barely below her crotch in front and just barely managed to cover that, beautiful round derriere that jutted out behind her. Up top, she always wore cleavage revealing tops that the old businessmen would drunkenly ogle as they sipped their drinks, waiting in Helen's foyer, to be seated. And that skirt, that ridiculous miniskirt revealed Helen's thick, beautifully toned, tanned, Japanese legs to scandalous levels. In fact, Helen's skirt was so small that often, when she would stroll across the entire length of the dining room to seat a family, by the time she made it to her table, her skirt would ride up far enough, that she would then have to step back into the kitchen (next to where I washed dishes!!!) and quickly pull her skirt back down, lest she show any lucky customers her pantied crotch or the bottoms of her luscious, beautiful butt cheeks.

She would tug her skirt back down in one quick motion, smiling innocently at me as she did so, as if not suspecting that I was going home every night with an uncontrollable hard on that I'd take care of quickly thinking of her, or that I always wished I could catch her just once to see what sort of panties she wore underneath that black, micro skirt. After adjusting her skirt, she would stride through the kitchen, back out to the foyer, as the entire male cooking staff would drink in the image of her lovely bottom, shashaying left and right as she made her way through the room. There was an Asian model she reminded me of, but I couldn't place who it was, Suki Herrera? 

Jenny was a Laotian American girl, early 20s, pretty faced, and very thin. She was thin enough apparently not to believe her lovely, perky, B-Cup tits needed a bra, and so she often wore thin cotton blouses that her lovely nipples loved to poke against for the world to see. This had never been a problem until the night that she was bumped into from behind by a customer, while she poured people glasses of water, and this resulted in her spilling water on her chest, and, to my mind, absolutely winning the non-existent wet-tshirt contest of the night. When she stepped back into the kitchen after soaking her shirt, my breathing quickened, my eyes widened, and my dick stiffened at the unbelievably sexy sight before me. 

Her think, white, cotton blouse had become entirely translucent and clung to beautiful B-Cup tits as though they were her skin, and revealed the entire shape and color of them, her beautiful dark nipples standing to attention. I couldn't believe my eyes, and was incredibly turned on when she walked right up to me with her beautiful breasts on display and asked me, seemingly non-chalantly, "How bad is the damage?". With a hard cock, and stammering, nervous, shakey breath, I could only reply, "It's...not bad" when, just then, our attractive, but stern, Asian American manager Sara walked up and said, 

"I've got an extra blaser in the car that you can wear. Let me go get it." 

Jenny stood, in more ways than one (hard nipples) next to me until Sara returned with her extra blazer, and I stood there, unbearably turned on, dying to suck on Jenny's perfect little tits, as I continued with my work and tried to to stare at her. 

Sara, our manager, early 30s, was attractive enough, but very stern and always tried to keep a professional air about her as she worked. She had a pretty face, and wore glasses along with woman's business suits, this almost had the effect of making her look like a sexy librarian, especially the thick black-rimmed spectacles she wore over her eyes, but, as she was my boss and had a reputation for being very stern and business oriented, I had developed sort of a mental block against seeing her as being very attractive. 

Cali was our bartender, and I really liked Cali, not so much in a "sex symbol" sort of way, more in a maternal sense, if you will. She was attractive enough, had a cute behind, and a pair of C-Cup (I think) tits to boot, but she had always gone out of her way to be a "good influence" on me whenever we interacted. I think because she was older than me, married, and planned to have kids, this cause her to sort of slip into "wise, responsible, caring adult, mode" around me. 

This even went so far as to her putting out a cigarette she'd been smoking when I pulled into the parking lot on way ready to work. "Never smoke." she told me. Little did she know I was smoking copious amounts of marijuana during that phase of my life. I liked Cali and felt comfortable talking to her about issues that had been troubling me. I had even confided to her that I hadn't had a lot of experience with girls and was still a virgin. She was very understanding about it, and I didn't feel embarrassed around her at all. 

When Cali got pregnant however, everybody saw her differently, for her figure underwent a massive transformation, her butt swelled up and pushed tight against her pants, her belly swelled up as well, obviously, and her tits, those glorious breasts she had seemed to inflate like water balloons. Cali didn't, however, buy any new clothing to accomodate her new proportions, and so her body was squeezed into her tiny outfit in scandalous ways, which she seemed not to notice. The entire male staff noticed however, and we often had to stifle coughs when Cali walked through the room, her huge ass, her bouncing glorious tits in her small, cleavage revealing top. Once, Clarke rounded a corner to quickly and ran right into her and without thinking blurted out, "Thank god for airbags right?!" as he bumped right into her big breasts. Then, embarrassed at what he'd said he asked, "How's the baby coming along Cali?" I'd never known a pregnant lady could be so sumptuously sexy, as Cali was. 

These were the circumstances of our wonderful Japanese restaurant. 

All of the employees had to share a single, "employee bathroom" which was a tiny room, about 5 by 6 feet in size, had a single toilet, a large, industrial sized plastic sink, and a couple of large mirrors on the walls. Clarke, the restaurant's owner forbid us from using the customer restrooms, claiming that it would seem unprofessional for customers to see us in the restroom and might even somehow "break the illusion/ambience of the dining experience" for them. 

And this worked out fine in the beginning, when the restaurant had just opened, and so wasn't busy, but after a couple months, when the restaurant's popularity blew up (I think because of the gorgeous girls working there, at least in part) we would be so busy, especially on weekends that there were a few times when on of the girls would quickly rush past me and my co-dishwasher John, uttering something like, "Gotta go!", or "Fuck, I have to pee!", and once, when the employee bathroom was occupied, I even saw one of the girls, Jenny, resort to holding her crotch as she danced subtly outside the bathroom. This is actually what awoke my desperation fetish, something I didn't even know existed until that point. 

The restaurant's popularity grew and grew, and the owner, Clarke, didn't understand the concept of "over-seating" and so, the girls were often overworked, distressed, and as I began to witness more and more, pushed increasingly to their, and their bladder's, limits. 

So, as we now often were extremely busy on Friday nights, it wasn’t a rare sight to see a pretty Asian girl rushing past me to get back to the employees toilet, that small, dinky little bathroom with it's single toilet, it's big plastic sink, it's oddly placed mirrors. 

This night, however, this lucky summer night, had a lot more in store for me, for reasons that defy explanation. It was just somehow the perfect storm of sexy Asian female piss desperation. 

The dinner shift had started at four that afternoon and by seven o’clock, the restaurant was slammed. We were all sweating in the kitchen with the effort it took to keep up with our work load, and a small degree of panic was visible in everybody’s eyes as we slaved away. Overall, there was something exhilarating about being so busy, like we were truly earning our keep at the town ‘s most popular restaurant, though there were moments when the stress was too much, and even made us a bit snappy at each other. 

At about seven o’clock, it had been three hours into the shift, and I could feel my bladder start to twinge with a growing need to urinate. Apparently, I wasn’t the only one however, for at just about 7:05 or so, Helen, our oh-so-curvy hostess quickly rounded the corner and my eyes grew wide with what I saw. At first, it was just the tell-tale jiggling of cleavage that I saw as she brushed past me with jerky movements and shaky breath. 

“Oh my godddd...” I heard her loudly exclaim. 

As I looked up, I saw a sight that I will never forget. Her breasts were nearly bouncing out of her low-cut top as she walked, nearly ran, up to the counter next to my sink and struggled with shaking hands to set down a couple of wine glasses without breaking them. Both of her hands then immediately flew to her crotch as she reached for her pussy, making her ridiculously short mini skirt fly up, past the restraint of her gloriously large, round, behind. Her face had a look of extreme distress, her eyes were snapped shut and her mouth hung open, and, for the first time, I, always curious about what sort of underwear our sexy fox of a hostess liked to wear, got an eyeful of her sexy black underwear as she rushed quickly by. 

In fact, thanks to her frantic crotch grabbing, her skirt had flung completely above her butt, revealing her sexy, black, lacy underwear, clinging tightly upon two of the most gloriously toned butt cheeks that I’d ever seen, in real life or even in porn. It was then that I remembered that it was Annie Thao, an asian model, that Helen’s figure reminded me of. Helen’s beautiful ass, those womanly, globular orbs of flesh jiggled and bounced as she ran past me to the employee bathroom. My dick immediately began to grow stiff. Her entire ass was exposed, save for the underwear, and I looked over to see if John had also seen what I had seen. When I looked over however, John was nowhere to be seen. “Poor him” I thought to myself as I couldn’t believe my luck at seeing our busty hostess lose all sense of composure as she was obviously dying for a piss. 

“Oh come on, please hurry!” I suddenly heard Helen exclaim, and I looked over to see her urgently stepping from foot to foot in the small hallway just outside the employee bathroom, and I realized at once that the tiny employee bathroom must currently have been occupied by John. 

“Oh goddd, oh my goddd!” Helen exclaimed as she proceeded to prance her shakey,, toned, tan legs up and down the small hallway just outside the bathroom, the clacking of her high heels on the tile floor loud and pronounced. Her hands still clung tightly to her black pantied crotch, and when she turned so she was facing away from me, her big, round, beautiful butt quivered with her frantic steps as she struggled to keep from wetting her tiny panties just before my eyes. I just couldn’t believe my luck!!! This girl was the “hot girl” among our workplace, and she was only one among many beauties. 

“Oh my goddd...oh my goddd...” she continually muttered to herself as she pranced to and fro, fingers clinging to her crotch. 

“What’s going on here?” asked the owner Clarke as he approached the scene of the desperate muttering. 

“I’m sorry, I just need to piss so badly, god it’s slammed out there. I really need to pissssss....” Helen moaned with embarrassed, desperate defeat in her voice, as she quickly tugged her skirt down over her beautiful behind with her left hand, obviously not wanting to show off her gorgeous ass to Clarke, while her right hand never strayed from her crotch. 

Finally, the bathroom door opened and John ambled from the bathroom as Helen exclaimed, 

“Oh come on!” and pushed her way past him, slamming the door behind her so fast it bounced back open, and Helen frantically fiddled with the lock, as Clarke, as if at a loss for words, just responded to the whole scene with, 

“I’ll watch the front til you get back out there Helen.” just as my dish machine finished and went quiet. 

Through the vent above me, I heard a long, drawn out, “Ooooaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh...” emitted from Helen’s mouth, that coincided with the sound of deep, powerful, thunderous pissing, as the liquid surged from Helen’s most private region, down into the water below. 

“Oh my godddddd....” I heard her mutter desperately through the vent, and she continued to whimper strained, desperate whimpers, “aaaahhhh”s and such as her bladder continued to empty itself with unbelievable volume and force into the water below. I was nearly entranced with the sound of it, when abruptly, my trance was broken when John asked, 

“What was Helen’s problem dude?” 

Helen had stopped moaning by then, but her urination still continued in a steady stream. 

“She really needed to pee dude. I think she was about to piss herself right in front of me, man. You shouldn’t take so long in the bathroom texting.” I said to John, feeling genuine empathy for Helen, seeing her in that desperate a condition. 

“Damn.” John replied in his usual, monotone way. 

Just then, the oh-so-gloriously pregnant Cali trounced quickly across the kitchen towards the employee bathroom, and arriving at it, proceeded to attempt to open the door, her breasts bouncing as she backed quickly away from the locked door and looked up at the clock. It was about 7:15 by this point. She looked quickly back at the restroom and paused for a moment before walking away, back out to the bar. 

Just as she left the room, the employee bathroom door opened up and Helen emerged from it, breathing a big sigh. She looked relieved but exhausted, and a bit red in the face. Her skirt was back in it’s normal position (which is to say, about an inch below her crotch in front and just barely covering the bottoms of her ass in back) and she strode confidently, with normal steps, down the kitchen and back out to the front desk while the entire male staff in back, alerted once again by the clacking of her heels, watched her bottom sway left and right as she walked out of the room. 

“There you go Helen!” Brian, one of the fry cooks called out to her with ambiguous meaning as she left the room. 

“She’s so fucking hot dude.” John said, watching her as she left. 

“Yeah, she sure is man.” I responded, my head still buzzing from the sheer sexiness of Helen’s burlesque show of desperation in the hallway as well as her subsequent moaning and Niagara Falls soundtrack I was treated to through the vent. “Could it really be this busy?”, I thought to myself, briefly reliving the memory of what I’d just witnessed, my dick now fully erect. 

It was my turn to bring the glass rack out to the bar now and I picked it up and made my way through the kitchen, carrying a full rack of glasses. I was treated to a quick sliver of Helen’s gorgeously tanned, Japanese legs through a crack in the curtain that led out to the front desk. I could hear the noisy chattering coming from the sea of customers inhabiting the restaurant that night, loud, joyous, and full of sushi and alcohol. 

I turned to the right doorway to make my way into the bar, and as I passed through the curtain, I was greeted with the sight of the top of Cali’s pink, HelloKitty underwear, visible just above the top of her black pants, pulled tight across her wonderfully large, still sexy, bottom. Her heaving cleavage bounced vigorously in her tight top as she shook up a cocktail in her cocktail shaker for a customer. Her bar was full, and one drunken businessman-looking guy watched her shake her drink (and a lot else) and exclaimed suddenly, 

“Well I think I like you even better pregnant, Cali!” 

Cali smiled as she poured the drink before asking, 

“What does that mean?” 

“Oh I don’t know.” the guy uttered and laughed to his buddies. He knew, and I knew, and I couldn’t blame him, there was something absolutely, sumptuously sexy about the swollenness of Cali’s pregnant figure, with her beautifully round butt pushing out tight against her pants and her jello-like breasts wiggling in her top as she tended her bar and made her drinks. Still, sexy as she was now, I couldn’t help but feel a little protective over her as she had always been so kind to me and now that she was pregnant as well, I couldn’t help but feel slightly angry at the drunken guy who’d made the comment, and slightly guilty myself for also ogling Cali’s pregnant curves. 

I set the glass rack down behind the bar and as I turned to go back to the kitchen, I saw that Cali was stepping from foot to foot as she entered something in the computer behind her bar. She looked almost frantic for a pee herself, and I felt even guiltier as I felt my dick twitch and start to stiffen again at the he sight of yet another desperate woman. The restaurant was just too damn busy tonight for anybody to have time enough to use the restroom, but I felt especially bad for Cali, a pregnant woman who clearly needed to relieve herself. 

She continued to step from foot to foot as I made my way past her, back to the kitchen. The cooks were all working their asses off and the smell of food was delicious as I crossed the kitchen back to my sink station. 

“It’s fucking slammed out there man.” I said to John, who was busy scrubbing pans with steel wool scrubbies. 

“Yeah man I can fucking tell, we’re slammed back here.” he replied. 

Jenny just then quickly rounded the corner. She had on a not-very-revealing black sweater on that night, and her usually perky, pokey nipples were not at all on display, but her cute, pretty face was still a sight for sore eyes. 

“Can you please help me?” she said with an anxious tone in her voice, and when I looked up to see what was the matter, I saw that there was nowhere for her to set down the wine glasses she was carrying, as the counter next to my sink was completely full of dishes. 

“I can’t wait.” She said, and set the glasses on top of a stack of plates. One of the glasses fell, however, and shattered with a crash as it hit the ground. 

“Fuck!” She said loudly, and so I smiled, and shushed her lightly. 

“Can you get this, I’ve gotta go...No I’ve got it, just get this counter cleared, I’ll go get the broom and dustpan!” she said. She went to grab the broom and dustpan, and I warned people not to step on the broken glass. When she got back with the broom she started hastily sweeping at the broken glass. 

“Slow down, you’re missing the dustpan.” I said to her. Her legs were moving around frantically, she too stepped from foot to foot. Sensing what was the matter, I asked, “Do you want me to do this while you go to the bathroom?” 

“No, I’m fine. I need the bathroom, yes, but I can finish this.” She dumped some glass into the garbage can and continued sweeping. Suddenly she dropped the metal dustpan with a loud clang, and her right hand flew to her crotch. 

“Oh my god I need to pee, I really have to go I’m sorry I’ll finish this in a moment.” she said breathlessly. And with that, hand still on her crotch, she rushed quickly over to the employee bathroom and slammed the door behind her. I didn’t get to hear very much as I’d just put another rack into the dish machine and it was doing it’s loud work while Jenny was in the restroom. I decided to help her out and finish sweeping the broken glass since she obviously was very busy, too busy to get a chance until now to relieve herself, and surely had to get back out to her tables when she was done in the bathroom. 

While she was still in the bathroom however, Cali comes rushing down the kitchen towards me and turned when she reached the bathroom door. Grabbing the door knob and pushing, she was again frustrated at finding it locked. 

“Oh what the hell is going on back here? The pregnant lady really needs the bathroom people!” she yelled. 

Cali leaned against the wall, crossed her arms across her enlarged bosom, and bounced on the spot. She smiled at John, not realizing that he was absolutely drinking in the image of her jiggling cleavage and her thick, bouncing thighs. As I finished sweeping up the glass, I felt bad for Cali, but, she hadn’t yet resorted to the desperate antics of Helen, or now Jenny, both of whom had been desperate enough to need to actually grab at their pussies, presumably so as not to piss themselves!!! Maybe Cali wasn’t quite so desperate yet, after all, they say just the tiniest amount of urine in a pregnant woman’s bladder can feel like a lot more than it really is, with the baby situated near a woman’s bladder region. 

“Sorry for yelling, I just really need to relieve myself.” Cali said to John and I, as we were situated closest to the employee bathroom. 

“Oh fuck it, I don’t have time!” Cali said as she rushed back out towards her bar. She left just a moment to soon, however, as just then the bathroom door opened, Jenny emerged, and walked back over towards my station. 

“I finished cleaning the glass, I’ll put the broom away just go back to your tables.” 

“Really?! But you’re busy too! I’m so sorry, you didn’t have to do that, I just really needed to pee, I hadn’t had a chance all night.” 

“It’s fine, don’t worry about it.” I said, and Jenny went back out to the dining room. “Man what a fucking night.” I thought to myself. Normally I’d be lucky to see a girl desperate for a piss once in a blue moon, never mind several in the same night. I looked over at John, who stood close to his sink, I think probably to hide his own erection, and I intuited that perhaps he also had a desperation fetish, or perhaps was discovering that he did tonight. 

Finally, still needing to pee myself, I took the opportunity to go to the bathroom myself now. While I was in the tiny employee bathroom, with its single toilet, it’s big plastic sink, and it’s oddly arranged mirrors, I struggled for a long moment to pee as my dick was still rock hard owing to the unbelievably sexy occurrences of the night, several stunningly gorgeous Asian girls dying for a piss all at once. 

When I was finally able to go, it took me about forty seconds to empty myself (long time, especially for me) and halfway through it, somebody knocked loudly on the door. I finally finished and opened the door to see our bespectacled, pretty, but stern, manager Sara, waiting outside with an annoyed look on her face. 

“Can I please have a turn now?” she said with annoyance, and I noticed her subtly stepping from foot to foot. 

“Can I wash my hands first?” I asked. 

Perhaps wanting to remain professional, or perhaps realizing she really had no cause for annoyance at me, her annoyed expression quickly turned to one of understanding and she answered, 

“Yes, please do.” 

I turned around and made my way to the sink, to wash my hands, and I realized, that where the mirror was situated, I could see Sara reflected in it, still stepping from foot to foot subtly, arms crossed tightly across her chest. As I turned on the tap however, her movements instantly became far less subtle. When the running water of the sink hit her eardrums, “Oh!” she exclaimed quietly, her eyes growing wide. She immediately bent at the knees, and her left hand flew quickly to her crotch. I turned back round to face her. 

“I’m sorry?” I said, pretending not to have heard her (as though she’d said something important), and seeing me, see her, my manager, who had always made an effort to be professional, now bent over with her hand squeezing desperately through her pantsuit pants at her pussy, she blushed a deep red with embarrassment and quickly removed her hand from her crotch and exclaimed in a whimpering voice, 

“Nothing, please hurry.” 

“What was that?” I said, feigning ignorance, the tap water still running strong, apparently a little too strong, as just then, she couldn’t prevent her left hand from flying back to her crotch as her knees bent again and her face looked inflamed with distress. 

“Please, I’m dying to pee!” She snapped, glowering at me, with anger in her eyes. This was the first time I’d ever seen Sara break her professional composure in any way, and here she was, my stern, but attractive manager, stammering from foot to foot frantically, with her hand clutching at her crotch through her pants. 

“Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t realize.” I said, as I turned the tap off and began to dry my hands with paper towels (a pointless move considering I was going back to wash dishes). 

“Oh, please hurry!” She said quietly in a whiny voice, and just as I stepped out, she rushed in past me and fiddled frantically with the screwy metal lock in the workout doorknob. As soon as I got back to my dish station, I heard a loud, seemingly passionate, by the sound of it, 

“Oooohhhhhhhhh....oh god yessssssss...ahhhhhhh...” accompanied once again by the loud, thunderous sound of pressurized liquid on liquid, being emitted from the greatest place on earth (and my manager’s!!!) into the toilet bowl beneath. She carried on like that for a while before finishing up with a trickle, washing her hands and exiting. She walked up to me, and I expected her to still be angry, but instead she just looked embarrassed and blushed as she said, 

“I’m sorry I snapped at you. As I’m sure you noticed, I needed the restroom quite urgently, and I took it out on you. It won’t happen again.” 

“It’s not a problem.” I said, and then, as she walked away, testing my luck, I said, 

“Maybe Clarke ought to invest in a second employee bathroom.” 

“Ha! Yeah, and then maybe I won’t almost piss myself in front of my dishwasher.” She then laughed out loud and smiled at me saying,” Did I really just say that?” before walking back out to the dining room. Wow, decorum flies right out the window when people are desperate for the toilet, I thought. What a strange, but fortunate, night it was. 

But little did I know, the best was still to come. 

About five minutes later, Jacob, another of the cooks, made his way to the employee bathroom as there was a slight lull in the cooking order flow. “Watch those two pans” he said to the other cooks. “I’m gonna be a minute.” It was still pretty busy for us dishwashers however, and I continued to spray at the plates with my power hose and John scrubbed and sprayed the pans behind me. As I stood there doing my work, joking with Jenny momentarily about not breaking any more glasses tonight, I realized that I’d entirely forgotten about Cali. She must be absolutely bursting by now, I thought. 

About a minute or two after Jacob had entered the bathroom, my intuitions proved to be correct. Cali comes rushing through the kitchen with stiff, quick steps and makes her way immediately to the bathroom. Realizing it’s locked, she immediately jams her hand in her crotch and leans hard against the hallway wall, bending at the knees. 

“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. I’m going to piss myself. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.” 

Her eyes are jammed tightly shut, her mouth hangs open, muttering in a strained, whimpering voice, and her hand is buried deep in her crotch. Just then, the dish machine finishes it’s cycle, and Cali’s ears are left with nothing but the loud, high pitched, metallic tinkling sound of John’s hose as he sprays his fry pans clean. 

“Oh god, could you please stop that for a second?! Please, I really don’t want to wet myself, oh godddd” she exclaims desperately at John who then abruptly stops what he’s doing, absorbing the full reality of Cali’s plight. Standing upright from the wall, both hands clutching her pussy, she begins to pace to and fro, up and down the little hallway just outside the employee bathroom. She then pounds on the bathroom door. 

“Please hurry up in there!” she yells as she continued to pace the hallway. With both hands squeezing her crotch tightly, she was pulling the material of her pants tightly enough against her gloriously round butt cheeks that the fabric had become somewhat see-through, and I could clearly make out the HelloKittys on her pink panties beneath. Oh to be one of those cartoon cats at that moment, clinging to Cali’s beautiful derrière, or perhaps being clawed to death by her fingernails around front as they squeezed her straining little pussy, trying to hold back the floodgates... Hands glued to her crotch, breasts jiggling with her every frantic step, I feel like my dick is just about to tear through my pants, throbbing in arousal at what I’m seeing. I could tell that John was clearly aroused too, and was doing everything he could to hide it as he huddled close to his sink. 

“Oh god, what’s he doing in there?!!!” Cali then yelled, at nobody in particular. Seeing us watching her, her voice broke, and it almost seemed as if she might cry as she said to us, 

“I’m sorry, I’m just so desperate to peeeeee........” 

“Just go out back there, in the fucking parking lot.” John said, seeming to actually want to help Cali. 

“Too many people!” she exclaimed, “oh god I swear I’ve got two more minutes and that’s fucking it!” She yelled as she proceeded back through the kitchen, willing her hands away from her crotch as she did. Holy shit, I thought to myself, what the in the actual fuck was going on tonight? Why all at once? Was it really this much extra busier tonight? I was thinking these thoughts, willing away my erection with my mind before any of the girls were to notice me, when suddenly Clarke called out to me, from across the kitchen, 

“Alex, fill up the mop bucket, we’ve got a big spill in Cali’s bar!” Jesus Christ, did she fucking piss herself? I thought. I quickly learned she hadn’t, thank god, as I then heard Clarke mutter with annoyance, “A full fucking bottle of wine, broken and fucking wasted.” Just a bottle of wine, I thought. Jacob just exited the bathroom, and I grabbed the mop bucket and carried it back to the employee bathroom, and began to fill it up with floor cleaner. Just as it was filled, the bathroom door bursts open behind me and even slams me in the elbow. 

“Ow! Fuck!” I exclaimed, and as I turned, I saw that it was Cali, 

“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!” she’s repeating, desperately pulling her pants down, her beautiful, naked butt cheeks now fully exposed to my shocked, but horny eyes. Shutting the door behind her, not taking the time to fiddle with the lock, the door swings back open slightly, and as she notices me, she quickly covers her now naked pussy with her hands, while clawing at it desperately, her beautiful jet-black pubic hairs visible between her fingers. 

“GET OUT!!!!” she yells at me angrily. As I move to open the door however, she must have realized that she didn’t have second to spare and so she kicks the door shut and exclaims desperately, 

“JUST SHUT UP AND TURN AROUND AND DON’T LOOK!!!! And turn on the sink...please...I don’t want you to hear me!!!” 

She said this last part with great embarrassment as she stood there with her pants down at her ankles, her naked thighs quivering, her big beautiful ass exposed to me, her hands buried in her crotch. I felt positively like I was going to come in my pants right then and there, I’d never even seen a naked woman in real life up to that point in my life, and now here was Cali, a grown woman with her pants down, our sexy bartender, unintentionally exposing herself to her high school attending dish washer as she struggled not to piss all over herself in front of me. As I turned around to the sink, I saw immediately that I could see her in the mirror, and she didn’t even know it. She still stood there, with pussy-clutching fingers, big ass quivering, eyes squeezed shut in despair. 

“Turn on the fucking sink loud! Right now! Oh god I don’t want you to hear me pissssss…” 

This was a far cry from the kind, caring, maternal Cali that I always knew. I turned on the sink, but there was almost no water pressure at all, probably owing to John using his spray hose at his sink, or maybe he had the dish machine running at the same time. 

The water came from the faucet in just a tiny little trickle and poured down into the mop bucket, already filled with floor cleaner solution, still in the sink below. The resulting trickle, the sound of water on water, echoing off the plastic mop bucket sides, proved to be too much for Cali and she exclaimed, 

“Ohhh myyy godddd, What the fuuuuuckkkkkk!” as she plopped herself down on to the toilet bowl, her just a foot or so behind me, and let loose a thundering torrent of piss into the toilet below her, the noise and volume of which was about ten times that of the faucet trickling into the mop bucket. 

“Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh...oohhhh my gooooooooddddddddddddd.....” she exclaimed, and I watched in the mirror as her beautiful pussy issued a torrent of piss with the pressure of a fireman’s hose straight into the toilet bowl. My dick was dripping with precum, straining hard against my underwear as I looked further up in the mirror and saw her breasts heaving with her breathing and then the look on her face, that look, words can’t describe the expression of relief on Cali’s exhausted face, except to compare it to the look on the sculpted face of Bernini’s Ecstasy of Saint Teresa... 

Just then, the door, never fully closed was pushed open and Clarke unexpectedly got an eyeful of delicious pregnant Cali, pissing her heart out. 

“Pleeeeeeeeeeeease....” she cried desperately as she pushed the door closed again with her foot. Cali continued to moan and whimper desperate whimpers of relief and her stream, now about forty seconds in, was showing no signs of letting up. Still thundering heavily and powerfully into the bowl, I nearly unconsciously reached and touched myself through my pants, feeling my painful erection embarrassingly close to cumming in my pants. I just couldn’t help it, I’d never been so ridiculously, unbearably, turned on in my entire, teenaged, hormone-raging life. I squeezed my cock quickly through my pants as I looked in the mirror and saw that Cali was looking at me in the mirror and could see exactly what I was doing with myself. Embarrassed, I quickly pulled my hand away, but my rock hard cock was now caught in a painful position in my underwear. 

“Agh!” I said in pain as I buckled my hips to try to get more comfortable. Looking at my painful struggle, eyes flicking down to my swollen member straining against my pants, Cali asked me, 

“You need to do something about that?” as she still pissed noisily. 

“I’m sorry.” I said as I quickly reached down into my pants and adjusted my swollen cock do that it no longer hurt where it was. 

“Did I do that?” she asked, her gaze still fixated on my crotch. 

“I’m sorry.” Was all I could muster, humiliated, but in spite of myself, I was lightheaded now with deep, animalistic arousal still hearing Cali’s thunderous stream, and when I glanced once more into the mirror and saw once more her massive swollen tits, her pregnant belly, and her beautiful pissing pussy, I couldn’t hold back any longer. 

“Oooouuuugghhhhhh aaaggghhhh” I moaned as, without even touching myself, I felt myself pushed over the edge, and I shot my massive gooey load into my underwear. I was hugely embarrassed, and Cali looked disgusted at me. 

“Did you really just?.....” 

“I’m sorry, I just... I don’t know, I’m sorry...” was all I could saw as I came down from my post-orgasmic bliss. 

“Don’t you tell anyone and neither will I.” she then said. Her stream then died down into a trickle, and finishing up, she washed her hands. We both exited fand on the bathroom, about 30 seconds apart from one another, and I proceeded to go and mop up the wine bottle that had broken while continued doing her work. She avoided eye contact with me for the rest of the night and we didn’t speak another word to each other that night.

The next night that we worked together however, she winked at me and things got back to normal between us, though we never spoke another word about what happened that busy Friday night. Desperation sightings became more common at the restaurant as it grew in popularity among the town too, but that fateful Friday with Cali (and the others) was by far the most intense I ever experienced. This all happened within the span of about an hour and a half. Reader, believe it if you may, this was all 100% true, and I’d be happy to answer any further questions you may have about the incident(s). 

*006*2019-03-05 06:00

What was your favorite part? 

*008*2021-08-30 01:10

I will write more stories just as good for commissions. Message if interested. 

