Soaked to the Skin - Desperate for the job - A holding it in contest

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-02-06 22:53

To celebrate the release of 'Soaked to the Skin', my biggest ever collection of 100 watersports stories, I have a free story for you all and a special request alongside it.

I'm desperate for more reviews of my books on amazon $$ and to show my appreciation I'm offering a free watersports book to anyone who leaves a review, preferably 5/5 if you're kind enough! You don't even need to buy the book to leave a review.

See my website $$ for more details and to choose which book you'd like for free. If you have time to leave a review of any of my books on amazon I'll even write a special short story just for you if you'd like!

Anyway, enough promotion and on with the story of an interview with a difference. Whoever holds it in the longest gets the job but the losers might just want a very wet revenge...

Desperate For A Job

I really wanted the job, maybe that was why I walked home afterwards with the taste of another woman in my mouth. Maybe they'd conned me into it. Either way I was certain I'd got the job.

It had seemed like a standard interview at first, four of us in an office answering questions set by a middle aged woman behind the desk. It was all the usual, how I love the company, what would I bring here, same as countless other interviews but after being jobless for nearly two years I was getting desperate. I only went as my housemates insisted, even offering to help me prepare.

So anyway I got through that bit and then I asked if I could use their bathroom before the role-play part. The woman just smiled at me and said that needing the toilet would come in handy for the role-play. I frowned at that but didn't get chance to ask any more questions as we were ushered into a conference room, the tables and chairs pushed against the walls. We stood there as the woman turned and looked at each of us in turn.

"In this job you've got to spend hours, sometimes all day with clients, no breaks, no rest. I need someone who can last. I want to see which of you has the stamina to go all day. The person who wets themselves last gets the job," she said, grinning. "Nobody leaves this room until then. The camera will be watching."

Then she just walked out and locked the door behind her. The woman next to me hammered on it. "Hey, let us out." Nobody answered.

I looked round at the other candidates. Was this normal? If not what choice did we have? There were three others in there, did I say? A girl who looked about 19, not dressed formally, just in a thigh high skirt and a white tee shirt. There was a blonde woman about forty or fifty, looked upper class, thin, immaculate hair and makeup. Then there was the one by the door, angry looking, slightly chubby, large chested behind her buttoned up suit, wide hips, grey trousers. Lastly there was me. Could I win this? Was getting the job just a matter of holding it in?

If so I was in with a chance but I was also the only one already desperate. Or so I thought. It turned out the other three were as nervous as me so were all already dying to pee. The only thing in the conference room was a tray with a jug of water and several glasses, an additional torture when we were already needing to go.

"Are we really going to do this?" I asked.

Nobody replied at first but within a couple of minutes we were talking, this was our chance to at least distract ourselves by getting to know each other if we were going to be locked in here for a while. The young girl introduced herself as Jess, the older woman was Linda and the chubby one was called Louise. We chatted for a few more minutes as I sat on a chair, the others pacing up and down.

A voice came over the intercom. "This is taking too long. I would like you all to drink one full glass of water please."

There was a collective groan from round the room but grudgingly we all did as we had been instructed. I sipped at the ice cold water but the others seemed determined to get it over, gulping them all down in a single swallow. Jess gasped as she put the glass down. "I really need this job," she said. "My parents are going to kick me out if I don't start earning and they might even take my car off me."

It sounded like a lie and I said nothing, just watched her walk up and down the room, shuffling her feet and bouncing up and down on the spot slightly. Linda was quieter, holding her hand between her legs as she perched on the edge of a chair, whispering to herself.

"They can't do this to us," Louise said, "I'm going to pee myself if I don't get to a bathroom soon."

"Don't talk about bathrooms," Jess said. "That makes it worse."

I was tensing up my bladder as best I could but I was also getting surprisingly aroused by the sight before me. I have always had a thing about desperation, trying to hold in my pee for as long as possible, sometimes sitting in the bath naked with a burning need to go and holding it until it actually forces its way out of me. So to see three other people doing all they could to stop themselves wetting this office carpet was turning me on more than I wanted it to. I wanted to just focus on holding it in, getting the job, beating the others but instead I found myself wondering what it would be like to see these three naked, to see them peeing, to touch their hot streams.

"Ladies," said the voice over the tannoy after another torturous half hour had passed. "Please drink another glass of water and remove your trousers or skirts. We want to make sure nobody is cheating by letting some go into their underwear."

"You can't be serious," Linda said, but Jess had already unhooked her skirt and thrown it away, standing provocatively in a tiny black thong as if she couldn't care less. "Nothing in this," she said bluntly.

Louise took her trousers off next. "I don't want to," she said to Linda, "but I need this job." I looked at her panties, silky and luxurious, not what I was expecting. I took mine off, ashamedly revealing that I wasn't wearing any underwear, I never did, it made the excitement of holding in my pee all the stronger but I was regretting that today.

"Fine!" Linda snapped, "why not just tell us to strip naked and be done with it." She almost tore off her trousers, revealing see through pale knickers. I could see the outline of her pussy and my eyes kept being drawn back to it again and again.

Another twenty minutes passed, I was watching Jess's bottom as she wiggled on the spot, facing the wall when I heard Linda say quietly, "oh no."

I looked at her. She was frozen in the middle of the room as her panties suddenly went dark. Round the edges came a trickle of urine, the smell filling the air as the trickle became a gush, running down her legs and soaking the carpet. She pulled her panties aside and squatted to save her legs getting too wet and I stared open mouthed at the sight of this prim and proper businesswoman wetting on the floor of a conference room. The hiss of it falling from her was making my own pussy wet and I found it increasingly hard to resist touching myself despite the situation I was in. I forced myself to concentrate only to see Jess with her hand actually inside her thong. She was pressing her fingers to her pussy, squirming on the spot to try and stop herself from peeing. Louise was entranced by the wet patch on the carpet as Linda peeled off her wet panties and sat on the chair next to me.

"Guess I've not got the job," she said, shrugging.

"Never mind," I replied. "At least you can go home now."

She tried the door but it was still locked. Sitting next to me, we both looked at Louise as she began to turn bright red. She had begun to pee and we hadn't even noticed. It was dripping off the end of her chair and into the carpet. She kept her legs clamped together as if trying to stop it but to no avail. Finally she gave up and stood up, letting the last of it trickle down her legs to the floor. My clit was throbbing by now but I knew I had to remain professional despite the strong desire I had to touch myself. Jess now had an audience of three watching her as she paced up and down the room. I was only able to stop myself from peeing by biting my lip and shuffling in my seat, ignoring the pangs of pain from my overworked bladder.

Jess had tugged at her thong with her hand, pulling it up so it was now between her pussy lips, revealing them to us three. She looked at us as she almost cried in pain. "I really need to pee," she whined. "Oh god here it comes."

I gasped as she tore off her panties, coming over and jumping onto my lap. "I want you to go at the same time," she whispered but I shook my head. "I need this job!" she snapped as I felt my thigh dampen. She was peeing on me. I pushed her away but she returned, standing over me as piss gushed out of her open pussy. It hit my legs and made it even harder for me to hold it in but somehow I managed. Jess tried poking me in the stomach but I again pushed her away as the flow from her finally dried up.

The door unlocked at that moment and the interviewer stuck her head in. "You three may go. You, stay there."

The other three women picked up their clothes and left the room, all looking jealously back at me.

"Well done," the interviewer said after they'd gone. "My name is Sandra by the way. I'm pleased to tell you the job is yours. Any questions?"

"Just one," I replied. "Where's the bathroom?"

She laughed and pointed down the hall. I grabbed my trousers and pulled them on, moaning at the pain from my bladder. I ran down the hall and pushed open the bathroom door. Jess was standing in there, as if she'd been waiting for me.

"I hoped I'd see you here," she said. "Well done."

"What do you want?" I asked. I got no further as my arms were grabbed from behind. I turned to see Linda was holding me tightly. By her side Louise was undressing. I knew what they wanted to do but I half-heartedly tried to escape. "Let me go," I whispered but they ignored me and I was glad.

Jess began to strip before my eyes, in seconds she was naked and laying on the floor. "You know what to do," she said. Linda tore my clothes from me, leaving me naked and exposed for them to see.

I nodded as Linda shoved me forwards, making me crouch directly above Jess's open mouth. As her tongue reached out to touch my pussy, my bladder lost all control. I began to piss, all the pent up urine from the last few hours coming out in a single torrent of piss. It flowed directly into Jess's eager mouth as she continued to lick my pussy. I screamed with pleasure as Louise stood by my face, pushing her own pussy to my mouth, silencing me as I was forced to push my tongue inside her.

Linda watched at the doorway to make sure we weren't disturbed by anyone passing by. I kept peeing as I was licking Louise, the sensation of Jess's soft tongue on my clit was amazing. Within seconds I had orgasmed, a racking spasm racing through my body even as I continued to pee. I felt Jess squeezing my bottom hard, her nails digging in as Louise grabbed my head. All I could smell was her pussy as she cried out. "I'm going to cum," over and over. Moments later I felt her pussy contract round my mouth as an orgasm hit her. Under me I somehow knew Jess was now touching herself even as she licked me.

"Someone's coming," Linda hissed.

We all jumped up and ran into separate cubicles. I sat naked on the toilet listening as someone walked in, standing by the mirror. Whoever it was took their time and when I stepped out the others had all vanished. I was alone. Not that I was that bothered. After all, I would see them when I got home, they were my housemates after all.

Hope you enjoyed it!

Luna

