Thank you Commander (Part 2)

Author: masterminor

*000*2013-07-02 23:12

When we last left sam had begun to squirm during an all night lockdown drill. Cathy while conserned is turned on for she set this up.

Some more time had past and sam was squirming slightly more noticable. Cathy once again asked if she was ok. Sam had replied That she was fine.

Cathy then said that was obviously a lie and implored sam to share her deliema. Sam contemplated this still Squirming around.

Before blushing and admiting that she needed to pee but insisting she could hold it.

Cathy asked Sam how her Need had grown so fast for Rhapsodians only need the restroom about once a month.

Sam replied that she was human and they Urinated far more often. After this they both went silent and Cathy decided to read to give sam some privacy as to not embarrass her. When she'd finished the book she saw Sam move one of her hands and placed it on her thigh. You could tell she had

Been holding herself and that she wanted to still. Cathy asked sam if she knew this was a 24 hour lockdown drill. Sam replied no and

Looked rather frightend now. Cathy turned away and did some internet research on her communicator wristwatch known as her V-com. She researched how long human could hold it's bladder finding that it needed emptied sevral times a day on average.

And holding to long could cause a bladder infection or kidney problems. Cathy then asked sam if she still needed to pee. Sam replied Yes reclucently admiting a worse need then before. Cathy sugested Sam wet herself. And sam replied that she could not, not in front of her best friend. It was to embarassing. Cathy had told sam that she had no reason to be embarassed around her and

Pointed out that sooner or later she'd have no choice.

