The New Girl

Author: bes31

*000*2014-09-28 05:03

I’m attracted to two things, girls and desperation. This was a formidable group because A. Girls are always desperate, and B. They are only desperate around other girls. I’ve seen it myself, me and my girlfriends hanging out with some boys and they look fine, boys turn around they have their hands in their crotch like some elementary school-girl. I am aroused but hide it, they don’t know I’m Lesbian, and I would prefer to keep it that way.

“I have to pee sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bad!” one girl would exclaim in the group, the extension of the so is purposeful. She doesn’t need to go that bad, but she pretends to because alas, she wants to use the toilets now and doesn’t want to be told to wait a second.

“I’ll go to the bathroom with you Megan.” Another girl would respond. Here is the truth though, it’s pretty obvious that the girls are faking it. A desperate girl is also a girl who would push you up and down and ignore everyone so she can get to the bathroom. Desperate girls are, well, desperate. This disappoints me, I don’t get to see it enough.

There was one place where you could see a real desperation and not get murdered, so I raised my hand. “I’ll come to, I’ve been holding since like 2nd period.” The girls nod. I had to go badly, but I would wait until passing to relieve myself. I don’t love holding, but I sometimes feel obligated to do so.

My name is Elisa Studer and I go to school in a charter school in Columbus, Ohio. It’s one of middle-of-the-road public schools where for every Harvard grad, there is a murderer brought out of its iron gates. I was somewhere in the top, going places but I wasn’t getting much further than Ohio State. I was a clean kid, no drugs, no liquor. The only controversial element was kept secret to me. I doubt there would be any serious ramifications of me being a Lesbian, I was in Ohio for what that counts.

The two girls with me were two blondes that weren’t that smart but hard workers, there was Megan and Brianna. Megan was the original girl, a blonde stud, Brianna was her best friend. I was good friends but I was there just for the bathroom. I walked in posture and talked about things.

They stopped at the doorway and began to do my suspicion, this was no Bathroom trip, this was a gossip trip. They began spewing gossip like they were guns at war. Who was dating who, what was dating what, what happened to who. I was very annoyed by this, and desperate to a point, but I wanted to stay. I was their friends and me leaving wouldn’t look too good on the friend report. I was in a black miniskirt and a green blouse, and if you looked close enough my legs were shaking. I held posture, it wasn’t my first rodeo, and Brianna and Megan failed to notice the few shakes here and there, and soon they picked up on the fun.

“I have to pee so bad.” Megan spoke again, repeating her earlier, and still false, point.

“Me too, how about you Elisa.”

“I’m desperate to pee.” I spoke, the one telling the truth. I felt like running, but it was a few meters away. I wasn’t desperate, if I was desperate I would have left the conversation five minutes ago, when it started. But the girls weren’t walking towards the bathroom, they were walking towards their classes. Shit, the bell must have rang. I looked at my watch and I did not have time.

I walked to my next class, which was in this house. I had full intentions of grabbing the attention of the teacher and leaving. The teacher, a middle aged woman named Mrs. Fisher always allowed one at the beginning. I got in, put my books down and spoke. “Mrs. Fisher, may I please use the bathroom?”

Fisher looked at me, she was annoyed and pointed my vision to the front of the class. I followed her vision and looked around. I felt a finger point behind me.

It hit me like a pound of bricks. There was a girl behind me, giving me the permission of using the toilets before her. I looked back and saw this body, she was still, yet it was obvious that she was desperate, but she was more intent in hiding it. She was in a pair of jeans and a small t-shirt. She had large breasts, a nice round face and long black hair. She would look normal if it wasn’t for the fact that her thighs were clamped together, and she was viciously bobbing up and down. She made me look like a normal person to her level of desperation. Yet, she was permitting me to go first, as if I was the desperate one between the two.

I wanted to say no, but I knew that only one of us could go for the hour, and I wasn’t holding this for another hour. This girl, who I still didn’t know, was going to learn why you should act selfishly.

“Thank you.” I whispered and I ran. Actually, I walked. I didn’t have to go badly enough that I ran, I felt some urges to bend over at times and cursed myself rapidly that I let myself get this bad. Most of my feelings were for this girl, who I was automatically in love with. She was this mystery girl that was the extent of all my dreams. I needed to figure out a way to get her.

I would detail me using the bathroom, but this story isn’t about me. This is the story of Tracy Sheffield, the new girl at school that I loved and just got here from Cleveland, so I’ll skip ahead to when I get back and lock eyes with the new girl.

Tracy was right next to me, our desks parallel on the columns. She was too my right, and in this circumstance we started small talk. I was relieved and happy, she was still desperate. It was obvious that while I was gone she had asked Fisher permission to go as well, and was promptly denied. Poor girl, I should expect that sort of camaraderie again from her. She was squirming and I became very aroused.

“Hey, Tracy.” I whispered. She looked back, her face tense but trying to be calm. “Thank you.”

“Your welcome, but I’m regretting it.” We share a quiet laugh. I look at her again, and there is no way that she isn’t swarming with suitors in a weeks time. She was very hot, much hotter than me and yet she was natural, she never got any plastic surgery in Cleveland. I watched her, vividly, barely focusing on the school work. Her feet tapped the floor and her left hand slowly moved up, she held a pencil in her right hand, but her hand shook too much and she couldn’t write. Tracy pounded her head to the table, it was her first day and she was already incredibly desperate, what luck. The right hand had now joined the left and both were holding the pee inside of her.

I kept both of my hands above desk, so I don’t start touching myself subconsciously. I try to forget about her, Tracy’s legs were crossed over, she was bending back, her face expressed agony.

Then… The bell rang. An entire hour had passed though it felt like no time for me, to Tracy is must have to been ages. She jumps out of her seat and starts walking, I follow, but keep a close distance. I didn’t want her to know I was watching. She maintained composure, though it was obvious that one hand was perched at her crotch. She spotted the bathroom and scuffled in, a crowd would join her soon and she made it.

I was in love, and needed more. So I did something a little unethical, I stalked her, a bit. It was more like seeing her desperate more. I would leave my group of friends early every day, and enter the bathroom. I normally would have to go pretty badly and actually go, but I would also watch for Tracy to enter.

On the first day she did, she was in a green blouse and jeans. She scuffled into the stall next to mine. I listened as she began to piss. She pissed like a gusher, large, fierce, as if her bladder was connected to a hose. She would gasp and moan. I stayed in and listened.

Next day I didn’t catch her, and for the next week I didn’t. Some days she would use the bathroom when we got to class, some days she went some place else to relieve herself. I failed to see Tracy for a while until the Thursday of next week.

I did my rounds for Tracy once again, I went and still no sign of the mystery girl, and I decided it was a lost cause, I washed my hands and exited. Then I spotted her, she was in a long-flowing white dress to her toes. Her legs were a bit bent and one hand at her crotch. She had to go badly. She was also talking to one of the counselors of the school.

“So you want no changes to your schedule Tracy?” The man asked.

“That is correct.” Tracy spoke, quietly and quickly. She gave me a look of desperation, as if she was paging me that she was being held against her will by this counselor, and she had to go.

“That is great, now all we need to do is finalize your identification, come to my office please.” A normal desperate girl would exclaim that she was dying and take a break from the counselor, but Tracy was no desperate girl. She was a shy desperate girl that would piss herself before she went against her command. I loved that.

Tracy followed and I decided to wait on the bench for her to come back. It must have been 5 minutes when Tracy comes back. Now, can I stop her.

“Hey Tracy, whats up?” I ask her, knowing that she didn’t have the time for chit-chat. I had become good friends with the desperate girl, I have taken the position of showing her around the school.

“I’m…. good.” She says, “Just heading for the bathroom.”

“You have a second?” I speak, as if it was a final test of shyness.

“Uh… Yeah sure.” She did not, her knees were bent, her legs switching the weight back and forth, and her hand engulfed around her crotch.

“Do you want to be partners for the English assignment, the poster and such.” She looks at me and smiles.

“Sure.” She could piss herself right here but she kept talking, I felt like I held her fate in my hands. “What time?”

“We’ll set it up during class, now use the bathroom before you pee yourself.” She smiles and runs to the bathroom. I felt bad but now I was incredibly horny, so I didn’t mind. We did set it up, tomorrow at my house, after school.

We didn’t have English on Friday, so for the entire school day I never saw Tracy. I was in a blue blouse and mini-skirt, today was a big day and I couldn’t wait, I was giddy.

Tracy and I were supposed to meet in the front, and I patiently waited for her. It took 5 stressful minutes until she arrived. Tracy is in a red dress and flowed freely in the strong winds, her right hand held her dress from flying, revealing her underwear. She also had knee-socks and black slippers. She walked up to me and we hugged. She seemed fine, no pressure anywhere, she was laughing, moving around. Just fine, disappointedly fine.

There was one other problem, I needed to pee. In my excitement I forgot to go myself, not that I really needed to go, it might become a predicament later.

“So, let’s go to some big store and gets some supplies.” Tracy nodded to my order. We jumped into our car, it was a warm day in Columbus so we turned the AC. I offered Tracy a bottle of water, which she accepted. She took a few gulps and continued talking.

We started to drive, and I really needed to pee. I sat normally, driving my car to avoid any suspicion. Meanwhile, my thought process went something like this. If I wait any longer I might reveal the possibility of using the bathroom with Tracy, so I must go now.

“Tracy, I need to stop to use the bathroom, I’ll be a second.” I pulled into a gas station. “I’ll get some snacks as well.”

“I’ll stay here, it is okay.” I run in and run out, quickly using the bathroom and grabbing some sodas and snacks. In 5 minutes I jump back into the car and the bottle of water is empty, and she grabs a bottle of soda.

“I drink too much.” Tracy says between gulps, “I don’t want to be desperate again.” Oh she will. “I always seem to be desperate around you Elisa.” I stay silent, worried that she had caught on.

“What do you mean?”

“Well I attribute the two times I was the most desperate to you partially, one was my first day and one was yesterday. Yesterday was really bad, I hadn’t peed since 2 in the morning and had drank coffee. I run to the bathroom after math, get stopped by a counselor, have her boss me around for ten minutes and right as I was going to lose you stop me to do a conversation.” I grew pale in the face.

“I’m sorry, then.”

“Don’t be sorry, it was probably a coincidence. It is just that I’m too shy to people and it puts me in precarious positions, like an instinctual thing.”

We pulled into the store, and I feel like my plan might fall apart. She knew that she was too shy, maybe she will try to use the bathroom more and more. We jumped in and I decided to keep her busy.

“Stick with me Tracy, I’ll tell you to get specific stuff, and I would like to spend the least time possible.” She looks at me, and nods. We start walking towards the arts-and-crafts section.

We pick up items at a record pace, she is focused and shows no signs. We only stopped once, when she needed to fix her socks. Suddenly, she bended down all the way. I looked over to her and all I see is under her skirt, which had flung up. Her toned ass and blue panites.

“Be careful Tracy, you are flashing the security cameras.” Tracy laughs and holds down her skirt to no success, but covering most of the stuff. I get the image of Tracy, desperate beyond words kneeling in my bedroom, soaking those blue panties.

We were almost finished when Tracy speaks to me, “Have you seen the ladies room anywhere?”

“No.” She frowns but shows no agony. It was starting, and I was excited. Of course I knew where it was, in the far back, but she had no clue. She was just in from Cleveland.

“Okay.” We checked out and went back to the car, still nothing on the pee front from her. The request could have been precautionary thing.

“Have you gone after any boys yet?” I ask her and she stares back at me.

“No… I’m Lesbian.” Now I’m staring back at her.

“You’re Lesbian?!” I say back.

“Well, more Bisexual but no guys have gone for me in a while. You have a problem with that?”

“No,no.no.” I count back my steps, “I’m just surprised.”

“Why?”

“It’s just that….” I pause myself.

“That…” She keeps on.

“If I tell you something, could you keep it a secret to people.” She stares at me, and then breaks out laughing. The laugh was loud and out-of-control. I just looked at her.

“It isn’t 1960 Elisa, most guys cheer on Lesbianism.” I look unconvinced.

“I just don’t want some people to know.”

“Anyone that would care isn’t a good friend.” It was a good point, and I became quiet. Now, I’ve been withholding my plan from you guys so far, so this is what I’m doing to Tracy. I’m going to claim as we walk that my toilet is broken and that the others would have to go through my brother of my mother. Knowing her, she would reject those and slowly get more desperate without an available options. She would also be too shy to ask me for any alternatives. If Tracy doesn’t reach the tipping point until we finish this English poster, I take her to the park where we both pee outside and then go into a make-out session, a part that was supported by the fact that we were both lesbians.

It was on the car ride that I began to see the few knee twitches, the tense looks, the hand resting on her knee, but Tracy kept quiet.

My house was a solid middle-class house in the middle of a good neighborhood with a park right next to it. My house was at the end of the room, a messy girls room full of posters, clothes and perfume. Tracy wouldn’t mind. We entered the house and got to my room.

Like I suspected it took a while for Tracy to even mention her need. Tracy was a drawer, so on this English poster she did most of the work, I sometimes wrote tidbits on the poster or type out a section. At the pace we were at it would take us about two hours to complete. Tracy was quiet and focused in the middle of the room, she was lying down, drawing on her stomach in the middle of the room. I sometimes looked at her body, now that she was Lesbian, I wasn’t only attracted to her desperation, I was really attracted to her. Every turn, change, movement, every twitch of her leg turned me on.

I was on the edges, drinking a lot. I wanted to be really desperate for the final act, I started feeling the need again but it wasn’t severe. the clock was nearing 7:00 and we had been here for thirty minutes when the question popped up.

Tracy had stood up and had been dancing a bit, out of energy and not really from her bladder. Then she started to walk to a closed door in the side of the room. I wanted to stop her but suddenly I felt a sympathy and hesitated. And before I could come up with an excuse she had closed the door. I had lost, I had failed my one job.

But then there was a scream. And I look back and Tracy barrels back into the main room.

“What’s going on?” I asked with my newfound hope.

“There was a spider in the toilet.” I was saved by my least favorite thing, spiders, and Tracy’s as well.

“I’m sorry, are you afraid of spiders?” Tracy quickly nods. “I should have told you that there has been this spider infestation in our plumbing so there are a few spiders in the bathrooms.” I lie and Tracy goes pale in the face.

“All of the bathrooms?” I nod. “Shit, I really have to go though.” She was desperate. “Well, I can hold it for now.” Tracy jumps back down and keeps going. She is now drawing on her knees, and I can see her knees shaking and her body twitching. I was at the point where I was just watching her, not doing anything else. Tracy had grabbed a marker and began to drawing like there was no tomorrow. It was oddly similar, the marker in her left hand, her right hand forming an indentation of her crotch in the dress. Sometimes, as if I wasn’t there, she would reach under her dress to hold.

She had to go so bad that it made me forget about how bad I had to go. It was the type of desperation that came from drinking a lot, fast. The type that is sharp and painful, like a knife in my bladder. I had my hands around my mini-skirt as well. I kept waiting for Tracy to finish, for her hands to drop to her crotch and for her to beg me to find a place for relief, but she didn’t.

Tracy started to take momentary pauses, she would work, then stop, change position, bobble, curse under her breath and go back to drawing. It seemed this was every thirty seconds.

“Are you sure you don’t want to go to a bathroom, Tracy?” I was beginning to ruin my own plans for my relief. I was chained to my own pleasure, I knew that I wasn’t going to wet myself before this girl. I was in a brutal holding contest where only one side felt the pressure. Tracy looked up and shook her head.

“I want to finish this before I pee.” She kept going, and going, and each second peeled away at my own strength. I begin to rest my weight on the door, I wonder how she hasn’t noticed that I was so desperate, I was putting on a show for her. It was like I was being used as I was using her.

It was now 7:30, and I definitely wanted to hold this torrent of urine. I was in a prime position, if this plan was going to work I needed to pee with her. And finally, I was deeply afraid of spiders, I couldn’t go into the bathroom if there was one. The time ticked away at a snails pace.

“Elisa, please help me finish this so I can pee.” Tracy looked at me, I attempted to fix my posture.

“We can finish it later, you look like you are dying.” Out of the two us, she was the better off one. “We’ll go in the park across the street. Please, I’m begging you.” I stopped myself before it sounds like I’m the one in trouble. Tracy looked at and looked at the painting.

“I think we got far enough, let’s go pee. I’m so desperate.” Tracy stood and immediately crouched over, the weight and pressure coming back on her urethra. “Shit.” Tracy quietly spoke as she whimpered out of the room. I walked normally, attempting to forget the massive amounts of piss in me, Tracy wasn’t as lucky, she had both hands around her vagina like she was holding it for dear life.

It was 7:45, so the park was dark and lonely. A cold breeze fell through the area that included remnants of the earlier winds. We were two high-school girls whimpering in the cold night, in a cold park, with very full bladders, seeking relief.

I felt the tips of the scale beginning to fall against my favor, a warm spurt that arrived in my panties, the warmness of the liquid soothed the cold external regions. It was alarming but also comforting. Either way, it was far too cold out for a mini-skirt.

We crossed into the play-ground and ran for a grassy region a few meters away. I still wondered why Tracy made no mention of my desperation, was I that good.

“Okay, Elisa, stand guard while I pee.” Tracy turned away and though I was supposed to stand guard, I watched. With my hand holding myself I watched Tracy as she gently lifted the red dress to reveal her blue underwear. Unrolled the long black socks she had been wearing and gently rolled down her panties, revealing her firm ass to me. I grew horny beyond words and another spurt appeared. Then she started to pee, it was like a jet the way it flew out of her urethra. She moaned as the puddle formed around her, in perfect unison. My bladder began to bulge, kneeled down to try to take a hold of it, and luckily I did, though my panties were soaked by now. It took about a minute for her to get rid of all the piss inside of her, and I watched intently at the beautiful display of woman in front of me.

As she finished I turned around and heard her put on her long red dress, leaving the wet socks and panties (the socks had been in the piss landing course, unfortunately). Her face was relieved and happy, this massive amount of pressure relieved.

“Now, I need…”

“Let’s go for a walk or something.” Tracy interrupted me, “it’s so beautiful.” I felt like it was inevitable of me losing it, my miniskirt was beginning to be creased by the wriggling and bending over. “I need to apologize for something, Elisa. Hopefully you will understand.”

“Yeah.”

“I’m sorry for making you hold for this long.” I looked at her oddly, confused. “Ever since that first day when I first saw you, I had this vision of replicating that desperation you had, like a dream of mine. So I decided that during this project I will push you to your limits. That’s why I never bring up the fact that you have looked on the brim for the last 30 minutes, or faking that there was a spider in the bathroom, knowing you were afraid of spiders.” I looked at her confounded, amazed and puzzled.

“That is so funny because I was doing the same thing. That was why I never showed you to the other bathrooms in the house, why I made that lie of a spider infestation, why I never showed you the bathroom in the store. I was trying to see you at your limit.”

“Well, that wasn’t my limit, though this is yours.” I nodded, as I began to feel a loss of control.

“Oh no, no, no.” I separated myself from Tracy. My panties became ridiculously warm, like as if they were being soaked in soup. I instantly pulled down my mini-skirt, and watched as my panties got soaked in the torrent of liquid that came out of me. Tracy only could muster up a laugh. I have this dream of making her wet herself, and in the end I’m the one that wets herself

As I finish I roll of my panties and now I stand half-naked in the middle of a cold park. My crotch freezes from the wind and I shiver. Tracy extends her arm and takes me out of my crouch, and suddenly we are hugging.

I look at her, and she looks at me, and we both go in for the kiss. And needless to say, we didn’t get that project done on time.

