White Tights

Author: Humil

*000*2015-10-29 21:48

Hello everybody.

I'm a long time lurker looking to start being a bit more active. I've started a story, although it's a bit different to some of the other things that I've seen on this site. It's not strictly an omorashi story so much as a humiliation story which will have omo elements. The first chapter is predominantly about spanking. I did, however, check in the chat room and was told that it would still be suitable for this site.

Just to give everybody fair warning, this humiliation story will involve wetting (I don't think that will upset any here), spanking, nappies/diapers and reluctant nudity.

Please be gentle with feedback, this is my first time.

White Tights

Chapter one

Chloe Montague stood in the headmaster’s office with a look of smug satisfaction on her face. There were three other girls in the room with her. One, Sarah Daniels, was a prefect who was here to witness the punishment of the other two. Jessica Davis and Lily Kingston had been brought here because Chloe had informed Sarah that they were smoking in the bushes when they were supposed to be in class. Chloe had no problem with Jessica, but she took great delight in watching Lily squirm. They had never been particularly fond of each other, and this was just the latest occasion when Chloe had managed to get her in trouble. What was particularly thrilling for Chloe though, was that this was the first time she had been asked to attend the headmaster’s office as well, so she thought she would enjoy the show.

You see, at St Margaret’s, there are certain offences which have clear and determined punishments. Smoking on the school grounds was one such offence, and Chloe was well aware that Jessica and Lily would soon have their knickers pulled down for a bare bottom spanking, followed by six strokes of the cane. Chloe thought that witnessing Lily humbled while her knickers were down and she was punished like a child would be nothing short of exhilarating. Both Jessica and Lily knew what was coming, and certainly didn’t seem to be looking forward to it. Lily had been punished in this manner before, and while she could deal with the pain easily enough, the humiliation of being exposed, and having to assume demeaning positions was the thing that she hated.

Lily was just thinking that she would have to find a way to get back at Chloe when the door opened, and the headmaster strode in. The girls didn’t know his exact age, but he seemed young for a man of his position, which made it all the more humiliating to be punished by him.

‘It is very disappointing to have to resort to such punishments for three top year girls,’ he said solemnly.

‘Three?’ said Lily, ‘Only Lily and Jessica were smoking.’

‘They may have been the only ones smoking, but the only reason that you were aware that they were smoking when they should have been in class is because you were not in class yourself. You may not be getting the cane this morning, Chloe Montague, but I think your actions still warrant a bare bottom spanking.’

Chloe gasped in shock, while Lily smirked at the idea of Chloe finally getting punished for something. Not only would Chloe be spanked, but Lily would get to see the spectacle herself. She thought that this made her own impending punishment seem entirely worthwhile.

The headmaster pulled a chair in to the middle of the room and sat down on it.

‘Jessica, I’m very disappointed to see you here. I think I’ll start with you please. Place yourself over my lap.’

Jessica obediently did as she was told, and assumed the embarrassing position. Before she had a chance to fully settle into her position on the headmasters lap, he brought his hand down hard, hitting her bottom through her skirt. Again and again he brought his hand down, and apart from an occasional grunt, Jessica was incredibly well composed. After perhaps a minute of spanking over the skirt, the headmaster lifted it onto her back, exposing her flesh coloured tights, and her skimpy black thong beneath. Chloe could see through the tights that Jessica’s bottom had already started to turn red, and as Jessica realised that her skirt had been lifted, her cheeks flushed so that she appeared to be blushing at both ends. The spanking resumed over Jessica’s tights for some time, but she was obviously finding it harder to compose herself now, the assault on her bottom taking its toll. She was starting to fidget on the headmaster’s lap as he spanked her.

Chloe watched as the headmaster then hooked his thumbs into the waistband of Jessica’s tights and brought them down to just below her knees. With nothing but a thong covering her nether regions, Chloe could see the full extent of the crimson bloom on Jessica’s bottom. It was at this point, as Jessica’s skimpy knickers were exposed, that Chloe had a shocking realisation. When she got dressed for school that morning she hadn’t expected anybody to see her knickers. To say that she wasn’t wearing her best pair was something of an understatement. She suddenly felt absolutely mortified at the idea of the other girls seeing her knickers, let alone the headmaster.

As Chloe was having these thoughts, the spanking continued, and the slight fidgeting that Jessica had been guilty of before had become full blown wriggling. It was hard to believe that this girl had been seemingly unaffected by her spanking mere minutes ago. Next came the part that Chloe was truly dreading for herself. The headmaster unceremoniously yanked Jessica’s knickers down so that they rested at the same point as her tights, and immediately resumed spanking. Chloe realised with horror that as Jessica writhed on the headmaster’s lap, she was exposing herself to everybody in the room. Her legs flailed wildly, meaning that everybody present got a good look at the girl’s vagina and pubic hair. Her continual motion also meant that her arsehole was making a regular appearance. Chloe looked on with sympathy, and fear. She wasn’t sure that she could bear this terrible humiliation.

As Jessica’s spanking drew to a close, Chloe realised that there was something worse than the other girls seeing her knickers. Chloe’s boyfriend had recently convinced her that it would be ‘sexy’ if she shaved everything down below. Feeling somewhat foolish, Chloe had gone along with it, only to decide that it made her look incredibly juvenile. Her embarrassing knickers being talked about afterwards would be bad enough, but she would be relentlessly teased if word got out about her bald fanny.

As suddenly as it began, Jessica’s spanking was over. Her skirt was tucked into its own waistband, and she was told to stand with her hands on head. Her pubic mound was fully exposed to the room, and Chloe knew that she was in for an incredibly humiliating time when it was her turn. She was, however, granted a short reprieve when the headmaster asked for Lily next. Chloe had previously thought she would enjoy seeing this, but now that it was in front of her she couldn’t stop thinking about her turn.

Chloe could not stop thinking about what was to come and hardly noticed Lily’s spanking occurring right in front of her. She was deep in thought, desperately trying to think of a way out of being punished when a strange sound brought her out of her trance. She looked in front of her to see Lily draped over the headmaster’s lap with her skimpy red knickers down, but the headmaster had stopped and was looking at Chloe. Even Lily, exposed as she was, was looking at Chloe and smirking. Chloe looked down as the sound continued and realised with horror that it was coming from her.

‘Sir, it looks like Chloe has had a little accident,’ said Lily with mock concern.

‘I can see that Lily, but your punishment isn’t finished yet. Sarah go to the office and get the white tights.’

As the last slaps came down on Lily’s naked bottom, she stared intently at Chloe, grinning from ear to ear.

*002*2015-10-29 22:44

That's very kind of you to say. Hopefully when some more people have seen it I'll get a bit more feedback.

Feel free to offer constructive criticism, but please be kind.

Chapter two is a bit shorter than chapter one.

Chapter two

Now would be a good time to point out another one of the offences which has a clear and determined punishment. You see, at St Margaret’s the uniform policy dictates that all girls wear tights under their skirts. Most girls opt for either black or flesh-coloured tights, while a few go for grey ones. The girls never chose to wear white tights, because they are used as a method of a most humiliating punishment.

If a girl has an accident in her knickers, she is spanked and made to wear a nappy. This method of punishment was designed to humiliate the girl, but some girls were able to complete the punishment without their peers ever finding out. When the headmaster started at the school four years ago, he adapted the punishment to ensure that this did not happen. Now a pair of white tights accompany the nappy. This means when a girl is in white tights, everybody knows that not only has she had an accident, but that she is also wearing a nappy under her skirt. Because of the nature of the punishment, it is more demeaning the older the girls get.

There are usually a few girls in each year who suffer the punishment in year 7, and sometimes an unlucky girl or two who suffer it in year 8. One unlucky girl even suffered the embarrassment of the white tights at the beginning of year 10, at the age of 14. Chloe Montague is in year 13. She is 17 years old, and now knows that the entire school will find out that she wet herself in the headmaster’s office.

Chloe’s face burned with shame. She could feel the urine in her knickers, and pooling in her shoes. Her flesh-coloured tights were sticking to her thighs and she was standing in a puddle. As Lily removed herself from the headmaster’s lap and stood alongside Jessica, displaying her dark pubic curls, she seemed completely unfazed by the spanking she had just received. While Sarah was gone from the office, the headmaster decided to finish punishing the two girls he had already started with.

Jessica was told to place her palms on the headmaster’s desk, lean forward and put her feet apart. Jessica was once again displaying all her charms to everybody in the office. The headmaster opened an old cabinet and withdrew his cane from within. He raised it up in the air, and brought it down hard on Jessica’s bottom, leaving a clear, thin mark. He repeated this, but the second time the cane came down Jessica shrieked and put her hands to her backside.

‘Put your hands back on the desk now!’ bellowed the headmaster. ‘If that happens again we will start your punishment from the very beginning!’

Jessica complied as swiftly as she could, and the cane came down again. Chloe could hear sniffling, and knew the girl was crying. As the final three strokes of the cane came down upon her glowing bottom, the sniffling turned into full blown sobs. When it was over, she was ordered to stand back in position, and was clearly a bit embarrassed to have been brought to tears in front of the other girls.

As Lily took her turn assuming the position, Chloe became increasingly aware of a coldness in her knickers, down her legs, and in her shoes. Her urine had cooled down, and was now very uncomfortable. What made her more uncomfortable was knowing that after Lily had been caned, it was time for her punishment, and she wasn’t sure if she could bear it. She was still trying to think of ways out of it as the headmaster raised the cane, and brought it down hard on Lily’s scorching bottom. He gave her another five strokes, but Lily didn’t so much as flinch. She had endured this punishment before, and there was no glistening of tears in her eyes when she resumed her position, knickers at half mast, next to Jessica.

‘I have to say Chloe, I think by now you should be able to control your bodily functions. You’re 17 years old,’ the headmaster said patronisingly.

‘Please sir, it was just one accident sir. Please don’t make me wear the white tights. I’m too old,’ Chloe pleaded.

‘You are too old Chloe. Too old to be wetting yourself like a toddler. Too old to need the white tights and the nappy that goes with them. However, you’ve shown me today you aren’t capable of acting your age, so you will be treated as one of the younger girls.’

At that moment, Sarah re-entered the room holding a large plastic box with a lid.

‘Thank you Sarah,’ said the headmaster, ‘Just pop it down over there, Chloe needs to have her spanking first.’

Behind the headmaster, Lily was beaming with glee.

*004*2015-10-30 01:30

Last update for tonight I'm afraid. I have to be at work in about six and a half hours.

If anybody else is enjoying this or has any pointers, please let me know.

Chapter three

The headmaster returned to the cabinet which he had retrieved the cane from, and removed a thick towel. He sat on the chair in the centre of the room and draped the towel over his lap.

‘Chloe, you know what you need to do.’

Chloe was rooted to the spot, seemingly unable to move. She had already thoroughly disgraced herself in front of the other girls. Could she really allow herself to be spanked as well? The girls would see her knickers, which were embarrassing enough before she had pissed in them. They would see her bald pussy, and from the sound of it they would see her put back in nappies for the first time since she was a toddler.

‘Sir is this really necessary?’ Chloe asked pleadingly.

‘Do you need the cane as well?’ The headmaster asked.

‘No sir.’

Chloe grudgingly walked towards him, painfully aware of the urine sloshing in her shoes. She draped herself over the towel and braced herself. Chloe had never been spanked before, and she realised within a few slaps that she did not have anywhere near the pain tolerance that the other girls possessed. She was flailing and kicking her legs before the headmaster had even lifted her skirt. One of her shoes was flung across the room, exposing the drenched foot of her flesh-coloured tights. Chloe could feel a rush of blood to her face as she felt the headmaster begin to lift her skirt. The colour of her tights meant that her knickers were clearly visible beneath them, and Lily couldn’t help but giggle as Chloe’s piss-saturated, bright yellow, Spongebob knickers came into view.

The spanking continued over Chloe’s wet tights, and her cheeks flushed with fresh humiliation as she heard Lily’s giggles over the noise of her own bottom being struck again and again. Chloe was sure that when the other girls were being spanked, each stage of the spanking lasted around a minute. Now that she was the one being spanked it seemed to go on for much longer. Eventually, she felt the headmaster’s thumbs hook the waistband of her tights and pull them down her legs. Chloe was acutely aware that her knickers would be next. As embarrassing as they were, she was also grateful for the cover they were currently providing. As more and more blows rained down on her now scantily clad buttocks, the headmaster began to chastise her. Every other word seemed to be accentuated with a sharp sting to her rear.

‘It’s bad enough that some of the younger girls can’t control themselves, but you are 17 years old!’ he bellowed. ‘You’ve gone and wet yourself like a baby, but don’t you worry young lady. We know just how to deal with girls who still wet their knickers at St Margaret’s!’

As he finished that sentence, Chloe felt her knickers yanked unceremoniously down her legs, and realising that Sarah now had a clear view of her hairless pussy, desperately tried to clamber off of the headmaster’s lap and pull her knickers back up. She got as far as standing up before both of her wrists were brought up over her head, held in one of the headmaster’s strong hands. As he continued to spank her bare bottom in a standing position, Chloe realised she had made a grave error. Not only had she angered the man who was spanking her even further, by standing up she had given Jessica and Lily a perfect view of her bald fanny, and was now completely powerless to cover it up in any way. Her arms stayed lodged over her head and her piss-stained knickers hung hopelessly at mid thigh. As the slaps continued on her naked bottom, she heard Lily whisper to Jessica,

‘Look, little miss pissy pants doesn’t even have any pubes! She’s such a baby!’

These words were the final straw for Chloe, who now began to openly sob, crying tears of shame.

When the headmaster had finished punishing Chloe’s poor defenceless bottom, he told Jessica and Lily that they could get dressed. The girls didn’t waste any time in pulling up their knickers and tights and letting their skirts fall into their usual position. Jessica was still a little puffy eyed from crying, but Lily looked as if she hadn’t suffered in the slightest and was thoroughly enjoying herself.

‘Sarah, help Chloe out of her wet things,’ instructed the headmaster.

Sarah approached Chloe with a plastic bag which was already containing the shoe which she had lost during her spanking. Sarah then bent down to retrieve Chloe’s other shoe, as the humiliated girl gingerly stepped out of it. This shoe joined its twin in the plastic bag. Next, in one swift motion Sarah pulled the girl’s tights and knickers down to her feet, and had her step out of them. Finally, Chloe’s wet skirt was unzipped and removed, and placed into the plastic bag with the other items. Chloe stood completely naked from the waist down, cheeks burning bright with humiliation as her urine-streaked legs, hairless pussy and bright red bum were on display for those around her to see.

‘Sarah, bring me the box please. Let’s get Chloe into her nappy.’

*008*2015-10-30 14:50

Well, this hasn't exactly turned out the way I expected. I was planning on having the opening chapter take place in the office, and then have chapter two be about facing the rest of the class. However, I've spent four chapters in the office.

I'm glad that the feedback so far has been positive. If there is something that you would like to see in future chapters, it's worth asking because it might be something I'm quite happy to write in but wouldn't have thought of.

Anyway, please enjoy.

Chapter four

The headmaster opened the box and pulled out a packet of Huggies baby wipes. He gave them to Sarah.

‘See that she’s completely clean before we go any further,’ he instructed.

Sarah then took a couple of wipes from the packet, and started at Chloe’s feet. As the cold wipes worked their way up Chloe’s legs, she realised that Sarah was going to wipe her most private areas. Just before Sarah got to the top of Chloe’s legs, she discarded the wipes and got a fresh one from the packet.

‘I might need a few wipes for this next bit, she’s absolutely covered in wee,’ stated Sarah to nobody in particular. All the while, Lily was grinning like a Cheshire cat. As the cold baby wipe touched the delicate folds of Chloe’s vagina, she shuddered. Undeterred, Sarah rubbed the wipe over Chloe’s pussy, roughly, several times, making sure it was very clean. When Sarah discarded that wipe, Chloe thought that the wiping ordeal was over, but she was wrong. Just as she started to relax she felt another cool baby wipe on her stinging bum cheek. Once again, Sarah was not overly gentle, and roughly wiped both cheeks to ensure they were free of urine. What came next was truly unexpected, not only by Chloe, but also by Jessica and Lily. Chloe’s eyes went wide as Sarah parted her cheeks and roughly wiped her crack, paying particular attention to her tight arsehole. Sarah then came to the front of Chloe and produced the wipe for all to see. There was a distinct brown mark on it.

‘I think some time in nappies will do the girl good,’ stated Sarah.

Lily couldn’t control her laughter, and even Jessica, who had appeared sympathetic until now, was smirking at Chloe.

‘That truly is disgusting Chloe,’ said the headmaster with condemnation. ‘Usually girls who are punished with the white tights must wear them for a week. However, given your age, and your clear lack of self-control, I think it would be best if you wore them for the whole term.’

Chloe simply looked down at the floor hoping that it would swallow her up.

The headmaster returned to box and withdrew a pink changing mat. It was juvenile in design, but clearly large enough for children who should be long out of nappies. Despite this, Chloe realised that it wasn’t designed for girls as old as 17. The headmaster moved the chair from the middle of the room, and replaced it with the changing mat.

‘Lie down Chloe.’

By this point, Chloe had no more fight left in her. She resigned herself to her fate, and lay on her back, legs closed.

‘Jessica, Lily and Sarah, I want you to watch this and let it serve as a stark reminder for you. At St Margaret’s, girls who behave like babies are treated like babies,’ stated the headmaster as if it was the most normal thing in the world. The girls gathered round to see the spectacle of 17 year old Chloe being put into a nappy by the headmaster.

‘Open your legs Chloe,’ said the headmaster sternly.

Chloe reluctantly complied, giving everybody their best view yet of her completely hairless pussy. The headmaster left her in that position, with the girls leering at her while he went back to the box.

‘I can’t wait to get you back to class Chloe,’ sneered Lily.

The headmaster returned with two items that got Chloe’s heart racing in a frantic panic. She knew there was nothing she could do, but she desperately wanted to run away, even if it meant running through the hallways of the school with her humiliating fanny and freshly spanked arse on show. Anything but the nappy. But she didn’t run. As the headmaster unfolded the nappy, she actually complied with him as he told her lift up so he could slide it underneath her. Next he picked up the other item he’d brought from the box, a bottle of baby powder.

He liberally sprinkled it between Chloe’s legs, before grabbing both of her ankles in one hand and lifting them up so that he could powder her bum. Chloe cried fresh tears as she realised how juvenile she must look. The fact that Lily was here to see it all only made things ten times worse. The headmaster lowered her legs and spread them apart again, before bringing the front of the nappy up. Chloe should have been relieved to no longer be exposed, but this somehow seemed worse. As the headmaster started to do up the tabs to secure the nappy in place, he started speaking.

‘To ensure that there is no claim of confusion at a later stage, allow me to make things quite clear now. You are not, under any circumstances, to remove your nappy, or the tights that will be placed on you in a moment. Not while you are at school. I will be sending a letter home suggesting to your parents that the same rules apply at home. Only a member of teaching staff or a prefect can remove them for you, and they are under no obligation to do so. You should also be aware, that any teacher or prefect can check, change or remove your nappy at any point they chose. Failure to comply with these rules may result in my devising an even more humiliating punishment method, and I should warn you that I am incredibly imaginative.’

With his lecture complete, the headmaster motioned for Sarah to fetch the white tights. These tights would let anybody who saw Chloe know that she had suffered an embarrassing accident, and that she was now wearing a nappy. As Sarah helped Chloe into the tights, the full impact of what he had said hit home. She wasn’t on particularly good terms with any of the prefects, and the teachers were notorious for their lack of compassion when it came to girls wearing white tights. Chloe suspected that her humiliation was only just beginning, and the headmaster had told her that she would be treated like this for the whole term! At least her father wouldn’t go in for doing it at home. At least, Chloe hoped that he wouldn’t. As Chloe stood there, her nappy clearly visible under her tights, Sarah’s voice pulled her away from her thoughts.

‘Chloe, put these on, we need to get you back to class.’

Sarah was holding out a fresh school skirt and a pair of Mary-Jane shoes.

‘Yes, put them on Chloe,’ chided Lily, ‘You wouldn’t want everybody to see your nappy would you?’

*009*2015-10-30 18:19

Hi everybody. I realise I've been churning out the chapters fairly quickly. I started less than 24 hours ago and I'm nearly five thousand words in.

I just feel the need to be straight up with you and say that I will not be able to maintain this pace. I've been on half term this week so I've had substantially less working hours. Next week the workload will increase dramatically but I will try to keep it going.

Anyway, with that said, here's Chapter 5.

Chapter five

Sarah escorted the other girls back to class. Chloe’s first instinct was to beg the girls not to tell anybody about what happened, but the moment her classmates saw her tights, they would know exactly what happened. Lily couldn’t be more delighted.

‘I suppose you’re sorry that you told on us now, aren’t you?’ Lilly said

Turning away from her to face Jessica, Chloe said, ‘I am sorry that I got you in trouble Jessica. I don’t have a problem with you. I’m sorry you were spanked.’

‘Well I’m not sorry that you were. When the other girls find out that you were so scared of a spanking that you pissed yourself, you’ll be the laughing stock of the school,’ Jessica replied.

‘Please, don’t tell people about it. They’ll see the tights and they’ll already know that I, that I … that I wet myself. Isn’t that embarrassing enough?’ asked Chloe.

‘I don’t think so,’ sneered Lily. ‘I think they need to know that you were so scared of a little spanking that you couldn’t help piddling in your knickers. I think they need to know that you still wear Spongebob knickers, and that you can’t even wipe your own arse properly. I bet if we checked those knickers there would be skid marks to go with the piss-stains!’

‘Personally, I thought the baby fanny was a really nice touch. I can’t believe you don’t have any pubes. Late bloomer are we?’ Jessica teased. With her ordeal over, it seemed that Jessica was latching onto Chloe’s suffering almost as much as Lily.

‘Now, now girls,’ interrupted Sarah, ‘by all means tell the other girls about her pathetic knickers, and her filthy crack, but don’t tell them about her bald fanny.’

‘Thank you,’ said Chloe, surprised by Sarah’s show of mercy.

‘Don’t thank me Chloe. The only reason I don’t want them to tell anybody about that is because I want to have everybody see it for themselves when I change your pissy nappy.’

‘What do you mean?’ asked Chloe, panicking.

‘Well, weren’t you listening to the headmaster? As a prefect I can check, change or remove your nappy any time I want. I think I’m going to enjoy changing your pissy nappy in front of the entire class.’

‘I won’t wet the nappy. I’m not a baby.’ Chloe said adamantly.

‘Chloe, I don’t think you quite understand your situation. Unless a prefect or teacher takes your nappy off for you, you don’t get to use a toilet. Most girls would risk having an accident if they couldn’t use the toilet all day, but you’ve already shown us you don’t have the bladder control that most girls do. I bet you’ll be in your third or fourth nappy by the end of the day.’

‘I will not wet myself,’ Chloe claimed, her resolve deepened by the knowledge that all three girls wanted to see her humiliated.

‘You did it not half an hour ago,’ said Jessica, ‘I don’t think you’ll last the day.’

The conversation died down as the girls approached the classroom. Chloe was suddenly very aware of her current attire. She could feel the nappy pushing up into her fanny as she walked, and could smell the copious amount of baby powder the headmaster had used on her. She was also aware that the shoes she had been given were probably the most juvenile kind available. But the tights were her main problem. She could easily explain away the shoes, say that she thought they were cute or something. She could blame the smell of the baby powder on somebody else, and her nappy was covered by her skirt. She may even have been able to bribe the other girls not to say anything, but the tights would give her away in a second.

Lily entered the classroom first. Chloe could feel butterflies in her stomach. She stopped just outside the door.

‘Why are you late Lily?’ asked Miss Stockwell, the teacher.

‘Sorry Miss,’ said Lily, ‘We had to help because Chloe had a little accident.’

Chloe felt herself freeze just outside the doorway. She knew that after Lily’s comment all eyes would be watching. She was considering just walking away from the classroom, out of school, and going straight home, when she felt a hand on the bottom of her back shove her forward into the classroom.

*011*2015-10-30 18:31

I'm all about the humiliation aspect myself, and I can't think of much that's more embarrassing than a messy accident.

That being said, I know that a lot of users aren't so into it. It's something that might get introduced at some point down the line, but I don't want to scare people off before it really gets going. With this being my first story I'm really keen for more feedback, and I obviously won't get that if nobody wants to read it.

However, if loads of people come into the thread and say that it's what they want to see, it might speed things along.

*014*2015-10-30 22:07

That's a very substantial prize.

*016*2015-10-31 14:31

Once again, I welcome all feedback, even if it's just telling me you'd like to see more, or telling me things you would or would not like to see in future.

Here's the next chapter.

Chapter six

There was a moment of stunned silence as the girls in the class drank in the sight before them. The truth was that Chloe wasn’t overly popular. Some of the girls were jealous of her natural good looks, others weren’t particularly fond of her because she was a renowned tattle-tale. Here she was, in front of them, in the dreaded white tights reserved for girls who couldn’t keep their knickers clean and dry. That moment seemed to Chloe as if it lasted forever, and it dawned on her that she was by far the oldest girl to have ever been subjected to that punishment. Katy Flynn had been punished in the same way in year 10, but that was three years ago and she at least had the excuse that an upset stomach had led to her week in nappies.

Eventually, the silence was ended by a tremendous uproar of laughter. Chloe could feel her already crimson face burn even brighter than before. She wished she had just left the school when she had the chance. Sure, the other girls would find out from Lily, Jessica and Sarah, but at least she wouldn’t have to face them. Soon, the comments started.

‘Oh my god! Is she really wearing a nappy under there do you think?’

‘Do you think she pissed or shat herself? Maybe it was both!’

‘Oh dear, it looks like the little baby is going to cwy!’

The comment about Chloe crying wasn’t wrong. She felt fresh tears of shame streaming down her cheeks.

‘Enough!’ shouted Miss Stockwell over the din. ‘Come and sit down girls and do it quickly and quietly. I don’t want any more disruption. Those of you who have questions about Chloe’s unfortunate predicament can ask them at break time.’

‘Questions about my unfortunate predicament?’ thought Chloe. ‘Does she honestly think the other girls just have a passing curiosity about how I ended up in a nappy? It’ll be the talk of the school by the end of break time.’

‘Cute shoes,’ remarked Katy Flynn as she walked past her to get to her seat near the back of the class. Sarah sat behind Chloe, while Lily and Jessica took their places nearer the front.

As Miss Stockwell started to explain about Macbeth’s transformation from a brave and heroic figure into a weak and desperate villain, Chloe noticed that Lily and Jessica were talking to the girls sat near them, who would glance in her direction and giggle. She tried not to move around too much, worried that her nappy would be noisy. It did seem that the one benefit of the tights was that they compressed the nappy, meaning that it didn’t make much noise. It did, however, push the soft lining of the nappy up against her fanny and into her crack which served as a constant reminder of the shameful garment. She was brought back to the real world when Alice, the girl next her turned and spoke in a whisper.

‘So was it an ickle piddle or stinkyjobs?’ she asked in a mocking tone.

‘Huh?’ responded Chloe, surprised.

‘Well did you wet yourself or crap yourself?’ Alice asked.

‘You could say there was a bit of both,’ said Sarah leaning in from behind.

‘There was not! It was just a bit of wee!’ said Chloe, louder than she’s meant to. Some of the other girls heard her and giggled.

‘Well,’ said Sarah, ‘I had the job of cleaning little miss pissypants up before she had her nappy put on, and let’s just say, the baby wipes had poo on them when I’d finished.’

‘So you did crap yourself!’ Alice exclaimed.

‘No I didn’t,’ Chloe gasped. ‘I just, well, I might not have wiped thoroughly enough.’

Alice looked at Chloe with a kind of vindictive glee. ‘So you pissed your knickers and you had a pooey bum! No wonder the headmaster gave you a week in nappies!’

‘Oh, it isn’t for a week,’ said Sarah. ‘She’s in them for the whole term. Though I don’t think they’ll take much getting use to for her. Her knickers weren’t exactly the most grown up anyway.’

‘The whole term? Chloe, you’ll have forgotten what it feels like to wear knickers by the time you can wear them again.’ Chloe already felt that grown-up underwear was a thing of the past. It seemed a lifetime ago that she and her friend Sophie had gone shopping for provocative underwear to impress their boyfriends, but it had only been a couple of days.

‘Sarah, what was wrong with her knickers then?’ asked Alice.

‘Please stop. You know that I’m wearing … well that I’m not wearing knickers now. Isn’t that bad enough?’

‘Well,’ said Sarah, completely ignoring Chloe’s protests, ‘other than the fact that they were soaked in urine, they were something you might expect a five year old to wear.’

‘Did they have Disney princesses on or something?’ Asked Alice.

‘Not Disney princesses, no. But ask yourself Alice, who lives in a pineapple under the sea?’

‘She was wearing Spongebob knickers!’ shouted Alice.

The whole class started laughing again. Miss Stockwell was clearly getting annoyed.

‘We’ll have no more talk of Chloe’s knickers.’ She shouted. ‘It’s not relevant to our learning, and we all know full well what she’s wearing under her skirt so there is nothing to be gained by discussing it.’

Chloe was beginning to feel that she couldn’t possibly be more humiliated than she already had been today. It wasn’t so long ago that she had been standing smugly in the headmaster’s office, excited at the prospect of seeing Lily humbled by being spanked with her knickers down. Right now, she’d give just about anything to trade places with Lily. That, however, was impossible, and to make matters worse Chloe was beginning to become aware of a growing need to pee.

*019*2015-10-31 17:31

I hope people are still enjoying it even though there's not really been any desperation for the toilet so far. There's a bit more in the next chapter. Also, any humiliation fans who know the shame that some people feel when forced to say certain things might like the next chapter. I know that two of my partners have found it more embarrassing to admit that they wet themselves, especially if they have to use certain words or phrases, than the actual act of wetting in their pants.

Anyway, new chapter up very soon.

Just had to proof read it, but here it is, chapter seven:

Chapter seven

Chloe had meant what she had said earlier. While she may have disgraced herself in the headmaster’s office, she had absolutely no intention of wetting her nappy. She raised her hand, and Miss Stockwell looked at her expectantly.

‘Please may I go to the toilet Miss?’

‘Don’t you think you’ve missed enough of my class already Chloe?’

‘I’m sorry Miss. I wouldn’t ask if I wasn’t desperate.’ As if to accentuate her need, Chloe uncrossed and re-crossed her white-tight clad legs.

‘Well my understanding of it Chloe, is that you aren’t allowed to take off those tights, or your nappy.’ The word nappy got fresh laughter from the class.

‘Miss, you’re allowed to take them off for me,’ Chloe replied.

‘Let me make something very clear to you Chloe. The reason I teach sixth form girls rather than reception children is because I have absolutely no desire to change nappies, clean up messes or potty train late developers. I will not, at any point, be taking off your nappy. You can either hold on until break time and try your luck with one of the prefects, or you can go in your nappy right now, but allow me to be quite clear that I will not be changing it. I’m not paid enough for that kind of work. Is that clear?’

‘Yes Miss.’

The fact that the whole class knew that Chloe needed to pee had made her situation even more interesting to them. Chloe decided that she would try to hold on until break time. She was still adamant that she would be dry by the end of the day.

When break time came, the pupil toilets were busy, as was usual. On top of all the girls who genuinely needed to use the facilities, there were always the girls who went in for a crafty cigarette or to have a bitchy gossip session. Stood outside the door were two prefects. Chloe went to enter the toilet but the taller prefect put her arm in front of the door.

‘Where do you think you’re going?’ the girl asked her.

‘Please let me through, I need to go to the toilet,’ Chloe pleaded.

‘Well you can’t, can you? Not unless you can persuade a prefect to pull your tights down and remove. Your. Nappy.’ She said each of these last three words slowly and deliberately, taking great delight in the fact that it was obviously making Chloe uncomfortable. It was also drawing something of a crowd.

‘Could you do it for me?’ asked Chloe.

‘You’re wearing a nappy. If you use it, I’ll change you. That’s my best offer.’

‘Well there’s no need to be mean,’ said Sarah, emerging from the crowd. ‘I could help you Chloe. But you’d have to ask very, very nicely.’

‘Please Sarah, please take it off,’ Chloe begged.

‘Well I think you can ask much more nicely than that. In fact, I’ve written down how I think you should ask. If you read every word on this piece of paper, I’ll take you to the toilet and let you pee. I promise.’

Chloe took the piece of paper and looked at it.

‘Sarah, I don’t want to say this.’

‘Well it seems to me that it’s say those words or wet yourself. If you’re going to read it use a nice clear voice, and speak up. I want everybody to hear. I won’t repeat my offer,’ said Sarah with a hint of malice. ‘Going once, going twice.’

‘Wait! I’ll do it. I’ll do it,’ said Chloe with a look of defeat on her face. By now the crowd had grown bigger, and she realised the longer she delayed the bigger it would get. Surely saying some words couldn’t be more humiliating than wetting herself?

‘Sarah, you are so kind and beautiful,’ Chloe read, ‘and I fancy the pants off you. Would you please take me to the potty, pull down my punishment tights, take off my nappy and let me do wee wees like a big girl? Afterwards I would like you to wipe my lulu and check my naughty botty for more poo stains.’ The crowd erupted into guffawing laughter, and Chloe thought it may have been easier to simply wet herself.

‘Well, seeing as you asked so nicely,’ Sarah said. She took Chloe by the hand and took her into the toilets. She opened one of the stalls and gestured with her hand.

‘I need you to take my … to take it off,’ said Chloe.

‘To take off your nappy? No way.’

‘But you said that you would. You promised that if I read out that sheet of paper that you would do it!’ Chloe cried.

‘You obviously weren’t paying attention. I said that I would take you to the toilet and let you pee. I never said anything about removing your tights or nappy,’ Sarah said, proud of her deception. The other girls in the toilets were laughing now.

‘Fine!’ said Chloe, knowing that there would be no persuading Sarah. ‘I’ll just hold it.’

‘Good luck with that,’ said Sarah, ‘from the way you’re squirming I don’t think you’ll be holding on too much longer. Don’t think that you’ll be able to hide it when you eventually do wet yourself either, I’ll be checking.’ As she said this, Sarah backed into the toilet stall herself, and added insult to injury by hiking up her skirt, pulling down her black tights and pink knickers and sitting on the toilet. As her stream hit the porcelain, she smiled at Chloe. The sight of seeing another girl peeing made Chloe’s need feel that much worse, and she stormed out of the toilet in frustration.

I hope people are enjoying this. Does this community have a whole lot of lurkers? It's only since I've started posting more actively myself that I've noticed the amount of views a topic gets compared to the number of comments or even positive respect point things shows a pretty large difference.

*021*2015-10-31 17:41

I find it really odd that saying things in certain ways is particularly humiliating for girls (in my experience). I tried to incorporate some of that into chapter seven and get the omo element built back in. I've got an idea of some things that are in store for Chloe, but as I've said before, if anybody wants to throw any ideas my way I'd appreciate it even if I don't end up using them. I think it's incredibly interesting to talk about the elements that we do or don't like, and sometimes try to discover why.

*022*2015-10-31 20:29

I'm really enjoying writing this story. I hope that others are enjoying it too. Feel free to offer thoughts and other humiliations that Chloe might suffer. There are long term plans to have messing feature, as well as potty humiliation and possibly some sexual practices (if that is permitted) but there is no messing in this chapter.

Chapter eight

As Chloe walked down the corridor towards her next class, she turned a lot of heads. She was painfully aware that all eyes were on her and her bright white legs. There were sniggers from both sides of the hallway, and it didn’t take long for the comments to start.

‘Isn’t she in year 13? A bit too old to still be having accidents don’t you think?’

‘She’ll never live this down.’

‘I heard she was so scared of a spanking that she just stood there and peed all over herself.’

‘Not what I heard. I heard she crapped herself and it all ran down her legs.’

‘Do you think she’s had to have her nappy changed yet? That’s got to be the worst bit.’

Chloe did her best to ignore the comments but she still felt a deep shame. She didn’t feel it was worth pointing out to anybody that she hadn’t actually messed herself. It would feel a bit hollow if she had to follow it up by admitting that she did wet herself like a child. One comment cut through all the others and stopped Chloe in her tracks.

‘Holy shit Mia, is that your sister?’

###

Chloe hadn’t even considered the possibility that she might run into her sister, or rather, her step-sister. Chloe’s mother had died while Chloe was quite young. Chloe and her father had been on their own for some time, but just over two years ago her father had re-married. Chloe was glad to see her father happy, but always felt that her step-mother didn’t particularly like her. On more than one occasion her step-mother had threatened to take Chloe over her knee and pull her knickers down, but her father had always come to her defence.

Mia was not so lucky. Her mother regularly spanked her for any perceived slight, and Mia resented the fact that Chloe wasn’t treated in the same way. To make matters worse, Mia’s mother had no qualms about spanking her bare bottom in front of Chloe or her father. Being only a year younger than Chloe, Mia felt that she was too old to be spanked, especially with her knickers down. The difference in the way they were treated meant that Mia always felt very much the younger sister, but that was about to change.

###

‘What the hell did you do?’ Mia exclaimed, shocked to see her sister hopping from foot to foot and trying not to squeeze her privates while wearing a pair of bright white tights.

‘Please, don’t make me say it,’ pleaded Chloe.

‘Are you wearing a nappy under those?’ Mia asked, still struggling to take it all in.

‘Would you like to see it?’ interrupted Sarah.

‘What are you talking about?’ asked Mia.

‘As a prefect I can change, check or remove Chloe’s nappy. I’m wondering if it might be time to check if she’s had a widdle accident yet,’ said Sarah.

‘Please Sarah, not here. Not in front of all these people,’ begged Chloe.

‘Don’t look so upset Chloe, I’m only looking out for you. It would be a terrible shame if you got a nasty case of nappy rash now wouldn’t it?’

A crowd had formed around them, and a chant began.

‘Check her! Check her! Check her!’

‘How could I not give all these people what they want?’ asked Sarah in a mocking tone.

At that moment Chloe was overcome by the power of her urge to pee. As she bent forward in an effort to retain control, Sarah raised her skirt, and the crowd gasped as her nappy came into view through her white tights.

‘Please Sarah, please don’t do this!’ Chloe pleaded hopelessly.

Sarah rolled the top of Chloe’s tights down until they rested just above her knees. Chloe’s nappy was now completely exposed to the crowd and she blushed furiously.

‘She’s dry Sarah. Pull her tights back up,’ said Mia, feeling obliged to stand up for Chloe, despite the fact that part of her was enjoying the spectacle. She was getting something of a thrill from watching her ‘big’ sister having her nappy exposed in front of all these people, and it was made even more exciting by the fact that Mia could see that Chloe was on the verge of flooding her nappy in front of everybody.

‘Hmm it looks dry, but I didn’t get to be a prefect by doing jobs half-heartedly. I’d better do a more thorough check,’ said Sarah. She was trying to buy as much time as possible. She wanted Chloe to piss herself while her nappy was exposed like this, to maximise her shame. She caught Chloe off guard by sticking her finger into one of the leg holes of Chloe’s nappy and feeling her vagina.

‘She’s dry for now, but I’m not sure for how long,’ laughed Sarah.

Chloe was still on the verge of having a humiliating accident in front of everybody when Mia came to her defence again.

‘Come on Sarah. That’s enough. Pull her tights back up, you’ve had your fun.’

‘Not yet Mia. When you’ve got a dirty girl with no self-control it’s not good enough just to check if she’s wet. We need to check you for poo poos as well don’t we Chole?’

With that she put her hand down the back of Chloe’s nappy, and ran her finger down Chole’s crack. She played to the crowd as if she was checking Chloe’s nappy, but really she was just annoyed that Chloe hadn’t wet herself, and used this as an opportunity to get at her. She found Chloe’s tight little arsehole and pushed her finger in. Chloe let out a gasp at the unexpected intrusion, and for the first time felt herself leak into her nappy. Luckily for Chloe the leak wasn’t too bad, but she was sure if Sarah checked the front again she would insist it was changing time. After lingering inside Chloe for a few seconds, Sarah brought her hand out, patted Chloe on the head and congratulated her for keeping her nappy clean.

‘Is that baby powder on hand?’ someone in the crowd muttered.

‘Oh yes, she’s very well powdered in there,’ said Sarah, ‘just like the baby she is.’

Defeated for the moment, Sarah took her sweet time pulling Chloe’s tights up, gave the front of her tights-covered nappy a squeeze, and let Chloe’s skirt fall back down. Chloe, aware that she had started to wet herself for the second time today, realised that she would very soon have to endure the humiliation of having her wet nappy changed. She only hoped that not many people were around to see it.

