The perfect boyfriend - a fanfic/story - Page 2

Author: Little Widow

*025*2013-03-17 22:12

Okay gang, this is where it gets really serious/sad. :( BUT it will all be worth it, Promise. :) PS: if you've read this, please let me know. It's getting awkward being the only one responding to this! :P

Episode 35: The unthinkable.

WEEKS LATER...

KATIE'S POV:

I was at the beach with Kendall. The sand under my bum was so warm, and then on top of me his pee was so hot... So hot...

END KATIE POV AND BACKTRACK A FEW MINUTES....

Kendall woke up to the feeling of a warm bed.

Oh crap, he thought. He slid under the blanket, but it wasn't pee; it was blood. He woke Katie up.

"Morning baby daddy," She said, smiling. He didn't say anything. "What's wrong?"

"You're bleeding," He said. Katie looked under the blanket. "Call Dr. Vitz," She said. Kendall grabbed his phone from at the head of the bed, and handed it to Katie. She explained the situation, and hung up.

"Get dressed," she said, tossing Kendall a pair of jeans that were hanging on the footboard. "We're going to the hospital."

Kendall didn't argue, and pulled them on. Katie grabbed some clothes and locked the door. She didn't mind changing in front of Kendall anymore, since they had seen each other naked before, and besides, he never said anything.

"Wait a second," he said as she started to slip off her shorts. He unlocked the door and left. He came back a few seconds later and handed her something; a pad. "Just... so we don't get blood everywhere," He said softly. Katie nodded. She continued changing.

"Thanks," She whispered. Kendall took her hands.

"Are you going to hurt yourself?" he asked. Katie nodded. He held her hands, and the walked out to the living room.

"Mom!" Kendall shouted. She was downstairs in a flash. "We are going to the hospital."

"Are you okay?" She asked Katie. She didn't answer. Kendall explained. Mrs. Knight silently grabbed her keys and purse, and Kendall walked with Katie out the front door.

OB/GYN OFFICE.

"Alright, let's see what's going on," The ultrasound tech said, holding a doppler. Kendall had let Katie's hand go, but she was squeezing it while whispering Hail Mary's. Kendall was saying them mentally. The tech moved the wand around on Katie's uterus, but... nothing.

"Hm, let me get the doctor," the tech said. Kendall looked at Katie, who had closed her eyes.

"Alright, let's have a look at what's going on!" She said too cheery. Katie never opened her eyes. Kendall focused on the screen, hoping that they found something, anything, that indicated life. Nothing.

"I'm so sorry," the doctor said to Kendall. "She's lost the baby. I'll give you two a minute." She and the tech left. Katie opened her eyes. She looked at Kendall, who was choked up himself. He stood up and wrapped his arms around her, and they both burst into tears.

###

Logan, Carlos, and little Katy were all waiting when they walked in the front door. Kendall had let it all out at the doctor's office, and on the way home, but Katie was going back and forth between numb and crying.

"What did the doctor say?" Logan asked. Katie burst into tears again. Everyone smushed her into a group hug. Carlos even let out a few tears. As soon as they let go, Katie went back to numb. She untangled herself from Kendall's fingers and went to the bedroom. She curled up in a ball on the bed. Kendall laid down next to her. They didn't move until Logan came to bed, and that was only to change for bed. That night, Katie kept tossing and turning, and often woke up screaming.

The next day, Katie was just... numb. She didn't do hardly anything. Finally Kendall just picked her up and brought her to the living room to watch TV. At about noon, Camille and Logan walked in. Camille ran over to her cousin and hugged her. That broke Katie, and she and Camille started sobbing and apologizing and crying and saying things and just crying.

"I'm so sorry for everything!" Camille finally said, settling down. "I was wrong to judge you. I... I'm not one hundred percent on board, but I'm willing to accept it."

"Thank you," Katie said, emotionless. Camille looked at her cousin hard, and knew that this was going to take time. Just like everything else had. She got up and followed Logan into his room. Kendall got up, and suddenly Katie spoke; "Don't leave me!"

Episode 36: Right around.

Suddenly Katie cried out; "Don't leave me!"

"I'm not," He said. "I'm just going to the bathroom, I promise." He kissed her forehead, and left. Katie suddenly realized she was hungry. She got up and fixed herself a peanut butter sandwich and a glass of soy milk. Kendall was happy to see that when he walked out of the bathroom.

"You feel any different?" He asked.

"Just... Hungry," she said.

"It's a start," Kendall said. He grabbed her meds from the plastic box they had sat in for a month. "At least take the pristiq," he said, handing her a red pill. Katie chugged it down with the rest of her soy milk. She felt better, even smiled once. Camilled invited her over for dinner the next night, and she accepted.

"Mmm! Smells good in here," Katie said, walking in the front door. She walked over to the kitchen and hugged Camille. "I missed you sissy."

"I missed you too," She said. "You've been here so long I forgot how empty it was without you!"

"So what ya makin?" Katie asked.

"Pasta," Camille said. "Come on, the noodles are done." They sat down and prayed together, and started eating. It was the best meal Katie had had since she had been kicked out.

"So, how are things between you and Kendall?" Camille asked as they were finishing up.

"Good," Katie said. "I mean we haven't really been able to do anything since... you know. But..."

"Yeah," Camille said. "I... I miss you living with me."

"I... miss having you around sissy."

"But if you're happy living with Kendall... Than stay with him. It's important to me that you're happy."

"Camille.... I wish I could live with both of you," Katie said. "I mean... I love you. We're family. You've been my big sister since... Since my own mom kicked me out. But... Kendall... I love him. I know I do."

"And I get that," Camille said. "And honestly, you two need each other right now. After what's happened, you both need each other to grieve, and to heal."

"Thanks sissy," Katie said. "But can I come visit again?"

"Any time Kiddo," Camille said, mussing Katie's hair. They did the dishes and talked for a little bit, until Katie decided to go back down to the apartment.

"I love you sissy," Katie said, hugging her cousin.

"Love you too Kiddo," Camille said. Katie smiled. Somehow things were going right, At least, until she walked into the crib.

*026*2013-03-19 00:56

Okay, this is still the deep/sad/heavy stuff. It was all written during a really dark phase I was going through. But after this It gets really good, with more omo. ;) PLEASE TELL ME IF I INDUCE ANY TEARS HERE.

Episode 37: Rock bottom.

Katie walked into the crib, which was seemingly empty. Then she heard something: Someone puking. She walked over to the bathroom door and listened. She knew the breathing anywhere; it was Kendall! She had to hold on to the counter for support. What the HELL was happening here?! She texted Camille frantically. In five minutes, she had everyone heading up to 4J for an intervention. Kendall came out.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"I think the bigger question is, what the HELL are you doing puking?" Katie retorted.

"I ate some bad cheese for dinner," Kendall fibbed.

"Liar," Katie said. "Kendall... Tell me the truth. I..."

"I was purging!" He snapped. "I was purging. I binged on the bag of chicken nuggets and then made myself puke them all up because I feel like shit. No, lower than shit. It's my fault that you lost the baby, it's my fault your cousin hated you, it's... it's all my fault!" Kendall was in tears. Katie hugged him, holding on for dear life.

"Kendall none of this is your fault!" Katie said, crying herself. "NONE of it! Why? Why? How could that possibly fix ANY of our problems?! How can you tell me not to hurt myself when you're doing the same thing?! Kendall... this is insane!" Katie was hysterical now. "You're coming with me!"

"Where?!" He asked, still in tears.

"Upstairs!" Katie answered. "March!"

4J.....

When Katie and Kendall walked through the door, Logan, Carlos, James, Camille, and Mrs. Knight were waiting for them.

"Where's little Katy?" Kendall asked, raspy.

"I sent her down to play with Tyler," Mrs. Knight said. "Sit." Kendall sank into a chair, and Katie sat down by his feet.

"....How long has this been going on?" James asked.

"This is the first time since I found out Katie was pregnant," Kendall choked out. "Before that.... Every night after you guys went to bed." Logan's eyes grew huge. "And before that.... Whenever I felt bad." Katie's eyes watered, but she just sat there, slipping her fingers into Kendall's.

"Kendall.... Why? Why would you ever think this was okay?!" Camille asked.

"I don't know!" He tried to shout. "It just... It worked! It made the pain go away!"

"Kendall... This isn't safe," Mrs. Knight said. "We... I'm looking into rehab!"

"Mom-"

"No Kendall! This isn't safe, and if this has been going on for years, you need HELP. More than I can give you! And my decision is FINAL." No one made any noise. Kendall just held his head in his hands, wondering where he went wrong. Katie just... stood there. She wasn't crying, she wasn't emotional, she just... hugged Kendall. That night, Logan was assigned to escort Kendall to the bathroom until further notice. The next few days, Katie, Kendall, and Mrs. Knight spent at the studio, making preparations for Kendall to enter rehab. Katie rarely left his side, and when she did, it was only because she absolutely had to.

THURSDAY.

Kendall was leaving tomorrow for rehab. Logan was sleeping on the sofa so that he and Katie could enjoy their last night together.

"I don't know how I'm going to get by without you," She whispered.

"Same here," He said. "But I swear, when I get back you're going to see a different man."

"Will he still pee on me when I ask?" She wondered.

"And lick you clean," Kendall answered. "May I?"

"Always," Katie said. she stood up, and ripped her clothes off. Kendall only had his boxers on, so he yanked them off, and... well you get the picture. And like always, he licked her clean.

MORNING.

Mrs. Knight walked into the room, and saw the clothes on the floor. She flipped the overhead light on. "Wake up Kendall!" She said. "We're leaving in an hour." She walked out of the room as he sat up. He looked at Katie.

"I don't want you to go," she said. "I know you have to, but... I don't want you to."

"It's just a few months," He said. "Now come on. We both need a shower." Katie smiled at that thought. She pulled on the clothes she had taken off before bed, and followed Kendall to the bathroom.

Episode 38: Temporary goodbye.

Kendall started the water, and looked at Katie. She was already disappearing. Kendall walked over and kissed her.

"Don't make me worry about you," he whispered. "Come on, the water's getting cold." They took the world's horniest shower and then got dressed and ate breakfast. Then Mrs. Knight came downstairs with Katy, who was carrying a bag.

"Why are-"

"We're kind of moving out there for a little while," Katy said to Kendall. "Mom wants to be near you, and honestly, I have no choice as a minor. Camille is coming with too, in her car, so she and Katie can get home." Katie swallowed hard. She felt abandonment all over again. Kendall walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her. Too soon, Camille was there and they left the apartment. Katie didn't know how she was going to come back after this. She and Kendall spent the whole ride to the treatment facility in each other's arms. Camille followed behind Mrs. Knight in her car. Too soon, they were there.

"Promise me you won't do anything insane while I'm gone," Kendall begged. Katie didn't answer. "I... I couldn't live without you. I love you so much, and... and I want to be there for you when I get out. Promise me you won't hurt yourself, you'll take your meds, and you won't try anything insane. PLEASE." Katie looked into Kendall's eyes.

"I promise," She said. Kendall kissed her passionately.

"I'll be back before you know it," He said. "This is just a temporary goodbye. I promise." Mrs. Knight knocked on the window. It was time. Kendall hopped out of the van, and turned around so Katie wouldn't see him cry.

*027*2013-03-19 21:27

Thank you for bearing with the heavy stuff. It will now pay off with some cute bedwetting. ;) You're welcome.

Episode 39: No going back.

Katie got into Camille's car and burst into tears. Camille hugged her, but she just let her cry.

"There is no way I'll make it four months without him!" Katie wailed.

"Yes you will," Camille said. "Sure it'll be hell, but you have me, Logan, Carlos, and even James is worried about you. You'll see." When Katie finally settled down some, Camille started the car. Even though it was only 11 AM, they decided to stop at McDonald's and get some food. Katie ate half of her burger and all her fries, and then just plugged in her earphones. She started looking for a good song when she realized Kendall had downloaded something new on there. She immediately tapped it.

"Hey," His voice said. "I know you're going to miss me like crazy. And I'm gonna miss you like crazy. But this is for both of us, to help close the gap." And he started to play his guitar and sing. The song was one of Katie's favorites; A Little Bit Longer.

"I'm counting the days until we're together again," Kendall's voice said after he was done. "I love you more than the air I breathe." And the track ended. Katie was choked up. She listened to the track the rest of the way home. In fact, she didn't even realize she had fallen asleep until Camille woke her up.

"Hey," she said softly. "We're home." Katie looked around. They were in the parking garage of the palmwoods. "So, am I moving in with the boys or are you moving back home with me?"

"Camille.... We're staying with the boys," Katie said. Camille didn't argue. She just got out of the car and grabbed a bag. "I figured you would say that." they both walked into the palmwoods and over to the elevators. they took the short ride up to floor 2, and then the thirty second walk to 2J. When Katie opened the door, Logan was sitting right there waiting for them.

"You okay?" he asked Katie.

"Not even close," she answered. She grabbed a book and flopped down on the sofa. Camille noticed it was New Moon, and decided to leave her be. She and Logan snuck off to his room.

BED.

"Hey Logan, do you have any extra pillows?" Katie asked.

"No, but Carlos might," Logan said thoughtlessly. Katie moped out of the room and up the stairs to ask Carlos. Camille came in and slapped Logan.

"Are you crazy?!" She said. "She's asking for extra pillows because she's LONELY! She's trying to make it feel like there's an extra body in the bed!"

"Well how was I supposed to know that?" Logan argued.

UPSTAIRS...

"Carlos do you have any extra pillows?" Katie asked.

"Yeah, I-" He turned around to see Katie about in tears again. "Are you okay?"

"No!" Katie said, and she sunk to her knees crying.

Episode 40: Nightmares.

"It's okay!" Carlos said, hugging Katie. "Hey, James isn't going to be home until the morning, so why don't you sleep up here with me tonight?"

"You sure?" Katie asked, shocked.

"Totally. Come on," Carlos said. Katie followed him. She had never really been in his room before. "So you ready for bed?"

"Yeah," Katie whispered. Carlos crawled in before her and she curled up in a ball. They pulled the blankets up, and Katie let her mind drift, thinking mostly of the times she and Kendall had enjoyed golden showers with each other. Finally she slipped into a dream about her and Kendall, only this time she was in the background. He was purging again, only his stomach was completely empty, and all that was coming up was bile and blood. She tried to get to him as he passed out, but she couldn't. She sat upright screaming. Carlos flipped the light on.

"Katie! Katie, calm down!" He said. She stopped as soon as she realized she was awake.

"It was just a dream," Katie whispered to herself.

"Are you okay?" Carlos asked.

"Yeah," Katie said, tears overflowing her eyes. She buried her head in Carlos' chest and started sobbing. "He was purging and he was puking blood and he passed out and I couldn't get to him, and, and-"

"Shh," Carlos whispered, rubbing her back. "It was just a dream. Just a dream. He's not purging, I promise." Katie just laid there, crying off and on. She finally fell back asleep. Carlos laid there, thinking about what he had seen one time, when he swore he saw Kendall puking before a show. Then he thought about how upset Katie was. Katie. This sweet, beautiful, talented girl, who had the biggest heart, was scared to death for her boyfriend, who was his best friend. He lay there thinking about all of these things, but soon he fell asleep himself. The next time he woke up, Katie was still in his arms. She had rolled over a little, but she was still there. He looked at the clock. 6:30 AM. The alarm would be going off in thirty minutes. feeling exhausted, he snuggled down under the blanket with Katie and fell back asleep.

IN KATIE'S SUBCONSCIOUS.....

I was about to pee myself, yet none of these stalls had doors, and the ones that did were taken. Finally, I just let go, enjoying the warmth that spread down me. But then James walked in and was all, "OMG you pissed yourself! hahaha!" I then heard a beeping and left my subconscious...

END KATIE'S POV.

Carlos woke up a few minutes before the alarm was set to go off, and decided to just wait for Katie. He slowly started moving around when he felt it; the sheets were soaking wet! And they were WARM! Before he freaked out, he remembered Katie was in the bed.

Crap, he thought. How am I going to get out of this one? I can't freak out, I can't make her feel bad in any way, and she's probably going to cry. Man, she cries a lot. But I think I like that, because it means I get to hold her and make her feel better and OH MY GOSH I LIKE HER!!! Oh no. Kendall would KILL ME if I do anything! Kendall's going to kill me if I handle this wrong! GAH! MY BEST FRIEND'S GIRLFRIEND HAS PISSED MY BED!!!! WHAT AM I GOING TO DO??? Somewhere in his mental panic attack, the alarm clock went off and Katie woke up. Carlos held his breath as she slowly went down the same track he did. She looked at him.

"Hi," He said.

"I... I'm so sorry," Katie said, tears already forming in her eyes. "I didn't mean to-"

"Shh," Carlos said. "It's not your fault. So you drank too much before bed. Is it really the end of the world?" Katie hugged Carlos.

"I... Just.... I-"

"Shh," Carlos said. "Come on, let's get ready for the day. James is going to be home any minute." Katie nodded and hopped out of bed. Carlos tossed her a pair of his sweats so that she could at least escape a little bit of embarrassment. She slipped downstairs to get her meds and stuff while Carlos finished upstairs.

"Morning!" Camille sighed as she stared at Logan. "How did you sleep?"

"Horrible," Katie muttered. "I kept having nightmares about Kendall dying."

"He won't die," Logan said, not taking his eyes off of Camille.

"Did you two hook up last night?" Katie demanded as she pulled the soy milk out of the fridge. That snapped the two of them out of their trance.

"W-why would you say that?" Camille stuttered.

"Because after that time that Kendall and I did, we just couldn't take our eyes off of each other," Katie said. "Even when you were yelling at us."

"Um, is that really, uh..." James walked in then.

"Ah, so I'm not the only one who hooked up last night," He said, taking in Camille and Logan.

*028*2013-03-21 17:38

This gets even better now. ;) A teeny bit of humiliation. Although there is the ending... I'm not giving away any secrets. ;D OH! And I am stuck in my chair all day with orders not to get up other than to pee or go to bed. -.- So I think I'll post a lot today! :D Any objections must be made in the form of a reply. :P Enjoy these two chapters!

Episode 41: Secretive secrets.

"I see I'm not the only one who hooked up last night," James said happily as he took in Camille and Logan.

"God, I never saw anyone make this big of a deal when KATIE AND KENDALL hooked up!" Logan shouted. Katie blushed and ran to the bedroom.

"I hate both of you right now," Camille said, and she followed her. Carlos took in what was going on from upstairs, and decided to wait and just hid the stuff in the closet. But as he turned around, James was standing right there.

DOWNSTAIRS.

"Camille just go away!" Katie said from behind the locked door. She was still trying to change but realized she had forgotten a pad. Yes, she was still bleeding.

"Not until you come out here and talk to me!" Camille argued.

"What are you? My MOM?! Oh wait, that's right, I DON'T HAVE ONE," Katie snapped. She dug around under Kendall's bed and found what she was looking for.

"Ya see what you started?!" Camille shouted at Logan.

UPSTAIRS.

"Dude, just tell me!" James demanded.

"No!" Carlos shouted, and he stormed out of the room. He stomped down the stairs and out the front door. James looked at Katie, who was crying again already and Camille was holding her. Logan handed her a glass of milk and something else.... he walked back to his room then, and opened the closet door.

Episode 42: Awkward again.

James opened the closet and all the wet stuff fell out. He frowned, completly worried. He threw it into the hamper, piled some other clothes on top, and decided to do some laundry. Only one small problem; James had never done laundry before.

"Yo Katie!" He said when he came downstairs. "Wanna do some laundry?" Katie looked at Camille, who was sublty shaking her head no.

"Sure," She sighed, managing a weak smile.

LAUNDRY MAT IN THE BASEMENT OF THE PALMWOODS.

"So, why is Carlos in such a mood?" James asked innocently.

"Oh, I don't know," Katie fibbed. She felt bad now; she thought he was really mad at her.

"Well it might have something to do with this," James said, lifting up the pile of dirty socks he had put on top of the hamper. Katie gasped.

"How'd you find that?!" She asked.

"Oh it's easy when you go upstairs to get dressed and someone has hidden stuff in the closet," James said.

Katie took a deep breath. "What's it gonna take to keep you quiet?"

"Hmm, as tempting as that sounds... I'm not gonna tell anyone," James said. "I'm not THAT mean. I just... I wanted to make sure you were okay is all."

"I'm fine," Katie fibbed.

"No you're not," James said. "I can see it in your eyes."

"Well what do you want me to say, HMM? That I miss my boyfriend like crazy and I'd do ANYTHING to be with him? INCLUDING running a staple puller down my arm?"

"Whoa, chill," James said. "I'm not looking for trouble. I just... he kind of made a list of things to do to keep you safe. And I'm just trying to help keep an eye on you." Katie looked James. His eyes burned with nothing but concern and passion.

"I'm sorry," Katie said.

"It's cool," James said, smiling. "I'm just trying to keep an eye on you."

"Yeah, but we both know I'm not your favorite person," Katie said.

"But you're so special to all of us," James said. "I'm just... jealous you and Kendall are so happy together and all girls want from me is sex. I wish I had what you have."

"But you'll find it someday," Katie said. "People are jerks. Trust me, when the right girl comes along, she'll want more than sex. She'll want to know what makes you tick, she'll wanna make you smile that perfect smile, and every time you're sad, she'll make it all better. Trust me." James smiled at Katie.

"You're pretty amazing, you know?"

"I guess," Katie said, blushing.

"But... are you SURE you're okay? I mean, what HAPPENED last night?"

"I don't know," Katie sighed. "I guess I was just so worn out from all the nightmares about Kendall I just... I didn't hear my body's signals." Katie was blushing even redder now, not really wanting to discuss this with James of all people.

"It happens," James shrugged. The washer went off then, so Katie happily moved the load to the dryer.

"Is it cool if I go upstairs for a little while?" She asked. James nodded. Katie set up the soap for the next two loads and left. She looked back at James. Did they seriously just bond? It didn't matter. She went back up to the apartment, and found Camille and Logan sucking each other's faces. She tiptoed upstairs and into Carlos and James' room. She looked around on the desk and found what she wanted; a staple remover.

*029*2013-03-21 22:49

Told you I'd post today. ;) I really need something better to do with my time. :P Anyways, read the story! It's good for you! xD

Episode 43: The trick.

Katie opened the staple remover up wider, and rolled up her sleeves. She let out a few tears as she was about to start when someone opened the door.

"Put the staple puller down," a deep voice said. Carlos. Katie dropped it on the floor, and he ran over to her, grabbing her arms. "Did you do ANYTHING to yourself?" He asked. Katie shook her head, tears running down her face.

"I'm sorry I made you mad," Katie whispered.

"I'm not mad!" Carlos shouted. "Who-"

"James and I were doing laundry and he said you were mad at me," Katie explained.

"I'm not," Carlos said. "I'm a little pissed at what you just tried to do, but... I know what happened this morning wasn't your fault. It could happen to ANYONE. You were worn out and just couldn't hear your body. No big deal." He made Katie look up. "But this shit isn't gonna solve anything." Katie nodded. Carlos didn't let go of her hands until he was sure they weren't going to hurt her.

"So do you want to go down to the pool?" he asked.

"Why?" Katie asked. "so the Jennifer's can make fun of us and I can parade around in a swimsuit that makes me feel self conscious?"

"Come on, it beats sitting around here and watching Camille and Logan make out," Carlos said. Katie couldn't argue with that.

"....Alright," Katie said. She went downstairs to change but realized Camille and Logan were in the bedroom. She banged on the door and heard some rustling.

"Camille I just need my swimsuit," Katie said. Camille cracked the door and handed it to her. Katie went into the bathroom and changed. She then realized it was over; she had stopped bleeding, and her baby was completely gone. She let out a few tears, and then finished changing. when she came out of the bathroom, Carlos was waiting for her. James walked in as they were about to leave.

"Ooh! Can I come to the pool with you guys? Pleeease?" He begged.

"Sure," Katie and Carlos said. James changed faster than a blink of an eye, and in a matter of minutes they were down to the pool.

Episode 44: Waterbred.

As soon as they were outside, Carlos jumped in the water. James walked over to some chairs and applied some sunscreen and tanning oil, and Katie sat down next to him.

"Aren't you gonna dive in?" James asked. "It's like, a bazillion degrees outside."

"First off," Katie said, "This is NOTHING compared to Texas. And second... I can't swim." Just then, the Jennifer's came walking around the corner. "I'll be back." But as Katie got up, she messed with the Jennifer's pace.

"What's your problem FREAK?" Blonde Jennifer demanded.

"Nothing," Katie said, trying to stand tall.

"Well it looks like you're all ready to go for a swim," Curly-haired Jennifer said. "Let's help her girls." For three prisses, the Jennifer's were surprisingly strong. They were able to shove Katie into the pool. Wait, WHAT?!

"What is your problem!?" James demanded. "What did she ever do to you?"

"She was in our way," Blonde Jennifer said, and the three of them stalked off. Katie wasn't rising to the surface, so James dove in and pulled her up.

"Thanks for that," Katie gasped.

"Any time," James said. he climbed back out and continued tanning. Carlos swam over to her.

"You okay?" He asked. Katie nodded. "What's wrong?"

"How did you know?" Katie asked.

"Intuition," Carlos said. "Now spill."

"...I can't swim," Katie said, blushing. Carlos smiled.

"Hop on my back."

"Are you sure?"

"Totally." Katie climbed on, and Carlos swam around for a while. "So... I guess we need to fix this, hmm?"

"Fix what?" Katie asked.

"Um-"

"Oh. Yeah, I guess we should," Katie said, suddenly remembering.

"Guys!" James shouted. "Camille has dinner on the table! Let's go!" Carlos swam towards the shallow end and helped Katie off of his back.

"You should be able to stand here," he said. Katie set one foot on the bottom of the pool and then the other. She and Carlos dried off and went upstairs to the apartment. Camille had just set everything on the table and Logan was reading something. They all sat down and prayed and ate.

AFTER DINNER.

"So who wants to watch a movie?" Logan asked.

"As long as it isn't a romance movie," Katie, James, and Carlos declared.

"Fine, how about New Moon?" Camille suggested. Everyone agreed and she popped the movie into the DVD player. James popped a couple of bags of popcorn and poured them into a huge bowl, and the three upstairsies dove in.

"How can you still be hungry?" Logan asked.

"I don't know, but I'm not about to argue with my body," Carlos said with a mouthful. Camille started the movie, and James flipped off most of the lights. Katie and Carlos continued stuffing their faces. When the movie ended, it was almost midnight.

"Well, I'm beat," Camille said. Logan smiled, knowing he would get her tonight.

"Okay let me get my stuff before you two start being gross," Katie said. She ran to the room and pulled her bag out from under Kendall's bed. She figured it would probably be better if she kept it upstairs anyways. They all changed for bed and went to sleep.

THE NEXT MORNING...

Carlos woke up to the sound of fighting downstairs.

*030*2013-03-22 21:17

Alright I'm not sure if I'm gonna keep posting the rest of what I have or re-write the rest of it. Either way, I'll at least post the next chapter. :)

Episode 45: Up, down, inside out.

"...It's all YOUR fault!" Camille screeched.

"Well I'M not the one who demanded we have sex every minute of the night!" Logan argued.

"God Logan you are a MORON! I am PREGNANT! This movie-"

"What's that shouting?" Katie grumbled.

"I think Camille and Logan are trying to kill each other," Carlos answered. Katie sighed and heaved herself up out of bed. She opened the door and walked down the hallway to the top of the steps and screamed at the top of her lungs. That shut the two of them up.

"What was that for?!" Logan shouted, holding his ears.

"What the hell is going on?" Katie demanded. She started down the steps. "I do not enjoy waking up at - AHH!" Katie slipped on her pants leg and tumbled down the stairs. Camille and Logan ran over to her side and Carlos came too.

"Are you okay?" Camille asked.

"No! My leg hurts!" Katie cried. James was now up too, and trying to zip up some jeans.

"Here let me look," Carlos said. He took a look and it was completely black and blue. "Oh man we've got to get you to the hospital!" Camille clamped her hand over her mouth and sprinted towards the bathroom.

"We'll meet you guys there," Logan said. James and Carlos helped Katie get on her one good leg and the three of them hobbled down to the car.

HOSPITAL.

"How can I help you?" The lady at the desk asked.

"I think my leg is broken," Katie said. The lady gave James some paperwork and a pen and led them back to the exam room.

"Now what happened?" Katie explained everything and answered a few more questions, and then the nurse led the three of them back to the x-ray room. They took an x-ray of her leg and saw what was wrong: Her ankle was sprained.

THREE HOURS AND ONE BOOT LATER...

Katie slowly opened her eyes, and found herself in a bed. She sat up and felt a tug in her arm. They had put an IV in.

"Hey sleepy," Carlos said. "The doc got your leg all fixed up."

"What... Where's Camille? She said-"

"She's at some doctor," Carlos said. "And she made me swear not to tell you anything so she could explain it all." Katie laid back down, frustrated.

"How much longer until we can go home?" she asked.

"Well now that you're awake, they just need to run a quick test and you're free to go," Carlos answered happily. The nurse walked in then.

"Oh good! You're awake. Let me take that IV out of your arm so you can give me what I need," She said. She unhooked the IV and placed a band-aid over the spot it had been in her arm. "Now just give me a urine specimen and I'll have you out of here in twenty minutes!" Katie sighed and heaved herself up out of bed. The nurse and Carlos helped her over to the bathroom, and she shut the door. The nurse got called to a different room and left as James walked in.

"Hey man," He said with a mouth full of pudding. "Where's Katie?"

"Bathroom," Carlos said awkwardly. James just kept shoveling pudding into his mouth. "Dude where'd you get that?"

"Oh these really cute girls gave it to me in exchange for my phone number," James said. The nurse came back then and took the cup from Katie twenty minutes later, they were sent home.

*031*2013-04-14 22:12

I'm BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!! :D Yes, I'm reviving this. I'll try and put more omo in, but this thing is going to become whatever it wants. I actually think in a few chapters you'll enjoy what happens. Or at the very least be shocked. :P Whatever, just enjoy! :)

Episode 46: Jagged.

When James, Carlos and Katie got back to the apartment, everyone except James is starving. Carlos got Katie over to the sofa and started in on making food.

"Okay we have the stuff to make grilled cheese, mac and cheese, salads, or... Hot dogs," He said, raiding the fridge.

"I vote mac and cheese," Katie said, flipping through the TV channels. Carlos fixed them mac and cheese and handed Katie a bowl and they settled in on watching Avatar: the last airbender while they ate.

"So," Katie started as she shoveled the last bit of macaroni into her mouth. "Where are Camille and Logan?" Carlos swallowed noticeably.

"She made me promise not to tell you," he said. Just then, Camille and Logan walked in.

"How's your leg?" Camille said simply.

"It hurts," Katie said tensely. Carlos looked at the clock and realized it was time for more pain medicine. "What I'd like to know where you were." Camille looked at Logan, who nodded.

"Carlos, I think I saw your helement under James' bunk," Camille said. Carlos took the hint and left.

"I'm waiting," Katie said impatiently. Camille and Logan sat down next to her.

"We... I... Am having a baby," Camille said. "And... We think adoption might be the best plan for it." Katie just sat there, trying to process this. Her whimsical, doing everything possible to become a star actress, always wear a condom cousin was pregnant. PREGNANT. She had been pregnant, but lost the baby, yet her cousing got the fortune of carrying a child she didn't even want?! This was WAAY too much for Katie.

"Katie? Can I please have an answer?" Logan asked.

"Why? Why were you two so STUPID?! Did you not ONCE think of the life that may have become involved? I did! And why adoption? So you can run away from your problems?!" At this point Katie was screaming, not caring who she hurt. Camille was about to cry, and Logan wasn't going to stand for it.

"Okay that is IT!" Logan shouted. "You are the most annoying little twerp I have EVER met! I don't care what Kendall thinks about you!"

"Oh like YOU'RE the innocent one here! If it weren't for you she wouldn't be in this mess!" Katie shouted back.

And it went like that back and forth until Camille finally screamed, "ENOUGH! Katie you ARE being unfair about this and this baby IS your fault Logan! But I need BOTH of you to get through the next eight months because like it or not, there is a living, breathing person with fingernails inside me and he or she has to be dealt with!"

"Okay when Camille starts screaming I KNOW it's bad," Carlos said coming down the steps. "What's going on?" Everyone started talking at once, which made Carlos whistle to shut them all up.

"Alright upstairs," he said to Katie. She hopped up the steps and into the room she now shared with Carlos and James, and flopped down on Carlos' bed and burst into tears. James came down from his bed to try and console her.

"What's going on?" He asked innocently.

Episode 47: Misguided.

"What's going on?" James asked innocently.

"How could Camille be the one to have a baby!" Katie sobbed. "She doesn't even WANT one and yet when I do, I lose it!" Katie just kept sobbing and sobbing. all James did was hold her, deep in thought. when she finally calmed down a little, James finally began to speak.

"Maybe there's a reason why you lost the baby," he mused. "I mean, if you had still carried it, then we would have never known Kendall was purging and needed the help he's getting." Katie thought about that for a minute. "And if you hadn't lost the baby," James continued softly, "You and Camille might have never patched things up." Katie realized he was right.

"Maybe," She breathed, rubbing her eyes. "God I am such a LOSER!"

"You are not," James said firmly. "You just.... were shocked, and upset. I wouldn't have NEVER thought Logan would EVER be the one to get a girl pregnant."

"I have to go apologize," Katie said, forcing her heavy leg off the bed and hopping back down the stairs.

MEANWHILE........

"God I am such an IDIOT!" Logan said. "ONE TIME! If we had just used a condom..."

"Logan, it's just as much my fault," Camille said. "But that's not the point. The point is that I need you AND Katie right now! And she's had your back since day one, and you just act like she's some freak of nature! She is just as normal as you and me."

"But-"

"NO BUTTS," Camille declared. "You don't even give her a chance anymore. What did she EVER do to you?"

"She and Kendall are freaks! I just can't stand that she thinks it's sexy to pee all over someone and that Kendall agrees with it! And let's not forget that box full of pills out in the kitchen!" Logan argued. Katie was sitting on the sofa outside the room Logan and Camille now shared, listening to Logan call her out. It was the same as when her mom had done the same thing. Camille started yelling back, and when Logan came out of the room his nose was bleeding.

"Do you really think all of those things?" Katie demanded softly. Camille looked at Logan with her arms crossed. He sighed.

"I....... I just don't get it," Logan said. "How..... why... It just doesn't make sense to me."

"What don't you get?" Katie said. The next hour was spent in conversation, and by the end of it things were.... a little less awkward.

"Now see? This beats yelling at each other doesn't it?" Camille asked. Logan looked at Katie, who was still hiding inside herself. He sighed and went to go clean up the blood that was all over his face. This was going to be a LOOOOOOOONG process.

*032*2013-04-16 00:17

Alrighty roo! This one'll be fun, promise. :)

Episode 48: Buckle up or buckle down?

The next few days were tense. Logan was trying to have an open mind, but honestly, Katie still freaked him out. And Katie just sat on the couch and moped most of the time since she was hardly mobile with her heavy leg, losing or having to get Carlos to help her with almost every video game she tried to play.

THURSDAY NIGHT........

Katie was trying to hobble to the kitchen to make herself a sandwich when her phone rang. She didn't recognize the number, but she answered anyways.

"Hello?"

"Hey baby," Kendall said. Katie about passed out at the sound of his voice.

"OH MY GOD! Kendall are you okay?! Did you leave rehab? If you left rehab-"

"No, they just gave me permission to use the phone," He said. "You have no idea how crazy I've been without you."

"Same here," Katie said, choking back some tears.

"But you're the reason I keep pulling myself out of bed and do everything they say," Kendall said. "But enough about me and my sucky situation. What's been going on over there?"

"Um....... I fell down the stairs and broke my leg," Katie started. "And then there's the fact that Camille is pregnant."

"SHE'S WHAT?!" Kendall shouted. Katie fell over laughing at that. Kendall smiled, because that was the one thing he missed the most. "Sorry. But.... I didn't think Logan was the type to take that kind of a risk."

"Trust me, NONE of us did," Katie said, finally breathing normally. They talked for almost thirty minutes, mostly of sweet nothings, when someone came in the room and told Kendall to wrap it up.

"I don't want you to go," Katie whimpered.

"I know, but it won't be forever," Kendall said. "If I keep doing what I am I can call again soon."

"You promise?" Katie asked.

"I swear," Kendall said, making it a promise for himself. "I love you more than words."

"I love you more than air," Katie said. The line went dead. She stood there for a minute. She didn't think she would hear his voice again so soon, and that made her smile. She was so happy to hear it, hear how healthy it was. Camille and Logan walked in the front door then, interupting her daydream.

"Hey," Katie sighed.

"What's up?" Camille asked.

"....Kendall just called," She said happily. "He's.... doing well."

Logan's jaw dropped. "They let him-"

"Yes Logan, he had permission to call me," Katie said. "He said if he keeps doing as well as he is then he can call again." Camille walked over and hugged her cousin. This was the happiest she had been since Kendall had left.

"Well, since you're so happy..." Camille started, "We have something to tell you." Katie looked at her cousin and Logan. "We talked with my agent, and she says that shortly after the baby is due that I leave for promotion for the movie I just did. So... we all think adoption is the best course of action."

Episode 49: Dare ya!

"We think adoption is the best course of action," Camille said. Katie looked at her cousin and Logan, trying to see how THEY felt about this.

"And this is what you want?" Katie asked. Camille nodded.

"I can't be the mom I want to be right now. It isn't the right time..." Katie hugged her. She knew this would happen. At least Camille was being ethical about her unborn child.

BED.

"So I was thinking we could go out tomorrow," Carlos suggested. Katie stared at him awkwardly. "I don't mean it like that, I just meant like go do stuff and have fun and that kind of thing."

"Sorry," Katie muttered. "I'm just.. Not with it tonight."

"It's cool," Carlos said, smiling. "So...."

"Yes," Katie answered. She had really been wanting to get off the couch anyways. She put her iPhone in the dock and pressed play, her usual playlist resuming.

"Got the news today, doctor said I had to stay..."

"Question," Carlos said as he crawled under the blanket with Katie. "Why do you always listen to the Jonas Brothers?"

"They just... They'll always have a special place in my heart," Katie said. Carlos was about to ask her why, but she was already asleep. He wrapped his arms around her and did the same.

That night, Katie spent her dreams with Kendall, making out, hooking up... So much that she was talking in her sleep. Quite graphically too.

THE NEXT MORNING......

Katie slowly opened her eyes. That was the best she had slept all week. She rolled over, expecting to find Carlos right next to her, but he wasn't. She sat up and looked around, finding him up in James' bed.

"Hi," he said.

"What did I do?" Katie asked.

"I'll tell you later," Carlos said with a wink. He left the room, and when the door opened, Katie could smell the cinnamon rolls Camille was making. She and Carlos nearly ran over each other trying to get downstairs.

"Nice to see you two up before noon," Logan said, his face buried in a book. Katie rolled her eyes. James walked in.

"Camille, I LOVE YOU," He said, making a beeline for the cinnamon rolls. Katie nibbled at hers, her mind racing. What had she done subconsciously? They all ate and then Katie and Carlos flopped down on the couch.

"What did I do last night?" She finally demanded of Carlos. He looked around, making sure they were all alone.

"Let me answer that question with a question," He said devilishly. "What were you dreaming about?" Katie bit her lip, not really wanting to answer that question. "That bad, huh?"

"Not bad," Katie said quickly. "Just..... intimate. WHAT DID I DO?"

"You kept demanding more from me, and that it was so WARM," Carlos said. Katie blushed. "And then.... something about fullness?" Katie turned scarlet.

"Um..... I'm sorry," Katie managed. Carlos made her look at him.

"Sex dreams?"

"Crazy unmentionable sex dreams," She said. The subject dropped, and they spent the rest of the morning playing Mario Kart. Carlos won almost every single race. She had just lost ANOTHER race when James walked in.

"Katie, you SUCK at Mario Kart," He said with a mouth full of pretzels.

"Trade your phone number for food again?" Katie asked. James didn't answer.

"At least Mrs. Knight isn't here to keep me at home all night," James said, finishing his pretzels. "But this time she wants to take it slow." Katie smiled, hoping that this time it would be different for James.

"Okay I am so bored. what do you want to do?" Carlos asked.

"I don't know," Katie sighed. "I want to get off this couch." That gave Carlos an idea.

"Katie, how do you feel about scary movies?" He asked.

*033*2013-04-17 23:00

READ IT READ IT READ IT this is good for you and if you don't leave a reply a whale will attack you in your sleep tonight lol just read and enjoy! :)

Episode 50: YOU JUST GOT PWNED!

(AN: OMG PART FIFTY I AM FREAKING OUT AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!! :)

"How do you feel about Scary movies?" Carlos asked Katie. her smile turned to a grimace..

"How scary are we talking?" She asked.

MOVIE THEATER.

"Three tickets for paranormal activity Please," Carlos asked the lady at the ticket booth. She gave him the tickets, and they headed inside. Carlos sent Katie and James ahead to the theater to find seats while he grabbed some snacks. Katie hopped along on her crutches.

"So do you believe in ghosts?" James asked her.

"....Yeah, but I believe in certain things about ghosts," Katie said. "Like, some of them are just energy trying to make themselves known. While others are intelligent enough to manifest and do some pretty cool things. And some are very.... angry." (AN: Just some of my opinions. I watch Ghost Adventures lol) James stopped then. Katie noticed his hands were shaking a little.

"Are you actually scared?" Katie asked.

"Ha! I laugh at that! hahaha!" James said boldly. He opened the door for her and they found a place to seat. Carlos came in just before the movie started, arms loaded with junk food. He divied it up amongst them (Katie got a water bottle, a box of Reese's pieces, James got the Gummy bears, a large coke, and Carlos got the remainder of the haul, which was war heads, Fruit punch, and they all got a share of the popcorn bucket) and the movie started.

TWO-THIRDS THROUGH THE MOVIE.......

Katie was a little freaked out, but it wasn't that scary to her. But just to be nice, she pretended to be afraid and hide in Carlos' hoodie every once in a while. She looked over at James, and realized this was waaaay too scary for him. The next time something freaky happened, She buried her head inside of James' chest.

"You okay?" She whispered to him.

"Help!" He whispered back. Katie gave him a questioning look. He came closer to her ear to whisper.

"I...... This is too scary," he whispered. "Look at me!" Katie gave him a once over from head to toe when she saw the glisten from the screen lights; He'd pissed himself with fear. She thought for a minute, and then she had a plan.

"Take your jacket off and put it over your lap," Katie whispered. "How full is your soda cup?" Even in the dark it was clear James was blushing by the way he lowered his head.

"Empty," He answered. "Why?"

"Take the lid off and say it spilled," Katie said. "That should give your clothes enough time to dry. In the meantime, DON'T EAT. It'll make you thirsty, and-"

Suddenly the credits started rolling, and the lights started to come back on. James looked at Katie, who was racking her brain for a faster solution.

Episode 51: La La land.

Katie was racking her brain for a new plan and then it hit her: Her crutches! She was in the middle and Carlos was on the end by the isle, and he was too much of a gentlemen not to try and help her up.

"That was cool, wasn't it?" He asked Katie.

"Totally!" Katie agreed. "Can you help me with my crutches?" She said, squeezing James' leg. Carlos hopped up and grabbed the crutches from next to his seat and handed them to Katie. She steadied herself.

"You know what? Wait here, I'll go get the car and bring it up front," He said, and he ran off. Katie sighed.

"I owe you," James said.

"No you don't," Katie said. "You didn't tell anyone about me that one time, and I've got your back. So we're even." James smiled.

"But we just have one problem," He pointed out. "How am I gonna hide this?" He took his jacket off of his lap since the theater was empty, and Katie was shocked at what was underneath; his Jeans were completely soaked.

"Um........ I have no clue," She answered. James sighed.

"Well, I guess I'm just gonna have to push my luck," he said. They walked out to the car, and James climbed in the back with Katie. This wasn't the first time she was in a car with a hot guy who had pissed himself. But it was just a little bit different this time. Carlos noticed, but pretended not to. He knew how fragile James' ego was.

APARTMENT.

"I can see y'all had fun at the movies," Logan said when the gang walked in. James hid behind Katie, which REALLY made her mad.

"WHEN are you going to GROW UP and stop picking on me?!" She shouted at Logan. He looked at her, and sighed.

"I'm sorry, okay? Can we talk about this later?"

"No, I think NOW is a perfectly good time to-"

"Logan!" Camille called from the bedroom. Everyone came running, even James.

"What's wrong baby?" Logan asked. Camille was lying on her side, looking sick as a dog.

"Can you get me some more water?" She asked. She heaved into a bucket that was on the floor next to her. Logan held her hair out of her face.

"Baby you can't even keep that down," Logan sighed. Katie sent James and Carlos away and hopped over to her cousin.

"Hey sissy," she said.

"Hey kiddo," Camille said, and managed a weak smile.

"What's going on with you?" Katie asked.

"I don't know," Camille said, her smile fading. "Either Logan is a vampire or I've got some form of the flu."

"I told you I'm not a vampire," Logan said. Katie and Camille giggled at the twilight joke. Logan couldn't help but smile. "I'm sorry I was so mean to you Katie. Camille told me about........ your past, and I get everything a lot more now. And I'm sorry you had to go through all of that." Katie just stood there, awkwardly looking at Logan.

"Water please?" Camille begged Logan. He looked at her pale, weak body, and made a decision.

"I'll get you some water, but we're going to the emergency room," He said. He kissed her forehead, and motioned for Katie to follow him.

*034*2013-04-19 00:47

Hmm.... Well, I have nothing interesting to say up here today. I'm just gonna post one right now. so on with the story! lol

Episode 52: Shocked.

"I'll get you some water, but we're going to the emergency room," Logan said. He kissed Camille's forehead, and motioned for Katie to follow him out to the kitchen.

"How long has she been like this?" Katie asked.

"Since y'all left," Logan said. "And she was dilusional with fever when she told me about your.... family situation."

"What are you questioning?" Katie asked.

"Did you really cut yourself so much you passed out?" Logan asked. Katie nodded. "And you did this at work?" Katie nodded. Logan's eyes grew wide. "Wow. I had no idea."

"I don't like to think about it," Katie said softly. "Or talk about it. I still have the scars from when it happened."

"May I see?" Logan asked. Katie nodded, and lifted her shirt up to reveal a small portion of her stomach, covered in dark lines. Logan gasped.

"I know," Katie whispered.

Logan gulped. "Does Kendall-"

"He knows everything," Katie said. She was starting to get all teary just at the thought of it all. Logan hugged her suddenly.

"You are the strongest person I have ever met," He said. Katie just closed her eyes. Logan let go and went in to Camille, who was puking again. James came downstairs then, in a totally different outfit and mood. He also had a hamper full of clothes with him.

"Wanna go do some laundry?" He asked. Katie nodded and hopped over to him.

*035*2013-04-19 16:03

Okay these two are really short but kinda cute-ish. :3 PLEASE LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK IT'S GETTING AWKWARD BEING THE ONLY ONE POSTING ON THIS THREAD. Okay, story time lol

Episode 53: I got u!!! :P

"So now I know never to go see a horror movie with you," Katie joked lightly as she poured the soap into the washing machine. James didn't even smile. "Dude, it was a joke."

"I'm just...... I...."

"James it's no big deal," Katie said. "Your heart was racing, which meant your body was pumping more blood, and that blood had to be cleaned, and that therefore caused more waste for your kidneys to filter and then-"

"Okay too much information," James said, covering his ears. He couldn't help but smile though. Katie was like the little sister he didn't have, and all she was trying to do was make him feel better.

"There's that perfect smile," Katie said, hopping towards the dryer. "It's not that big of a deal. I mean..... The only reason I'm in your life right now is because I chose to help Kendall that one day at Rocque Records when he pissed himself. And it's not like I'm innocent here either."

"I guess," James said. "Still sucks though. Man I'm hungry!"

"As soon as we get the next load started we can go upstairs and figure out dinner, alright?" Katie asked. James nodded.

ONE LOAD OF LAUNDRY LATER......

"I still say we have pizza!" James pouted. Katie, Carlos and him were all in a debate over wether or not to order pizza or chinese food for dinner. So far Chinese food was winning.

"James we've had pizza three nights in a row," Katie whined. "I want something OTHER than a disk of greasy carbs and fats."

"And I personally want to learn how to use chopsticks," Carlos said. James gave in, and Carlos found the menu from the place Mrs. Knight always ordered from when Little Katy and her were in the mood.

DINNER.

"I have a question," James asked as he shoveled a fork of rice into his mouth. "Why do you two share a bed?"

Katie stopped eating. She looked over at Carlos.

"um, uh, I have been looking for the perfect teddy bear for months, and Katie just so happens to fit that category perfectly," Carlos stuttered.

"And Logan can't stand my stuffed platypus," Katie added.

"You don't even have that thing up there," James said.

"Well why do YOU care?" Katie yelled back.

"Sorry," James said defensively. "Just thought I'd ask." James took his plate to the sink and grabbed another water bottle out of the fridge.

"Dude, isn't that like, your fifteenth water bottle?"

"So what?!" James shouted, suddenly very angry. "It's my life! So what if I want to drink more water than normal? Huh?!"

"James, dude chill!" Carlos said. "I was just making an observation."

"Oh yeah?!" James shouted again. Katie hopped over and smacked him.

"Are you ready to calm down now?" She asked. James nodded, rubbing his cheek.

"I'm sorry," He said to Carlos. "I.... I'm gonna go to bed early."

"Alright," Carlos said. He turned back to eating, while Katie carefully watched James walk upstairs before returning to her rice.

Episode 54: I wanna play chess y'all! :P

Katie and Carlos finished eating and put the food away and flopped down on the couch.

"What do you think James' deal was?" Katie asked him.

Carlos shrugged. "You wanna watch a movie?" he asked.

"We always watch a movie," Katie said. "We should play a board game or something."

"Like what?" Carlos asked. Katie got an idea.

"Do you know how to play chess?" She asked. Carlos laughed at her.

"Yeah, THAT'S funny!" He hiccuped in between laughs.

"Well then I'M going to teach you!" She declared. Carlos just kept laughing. Katie sighed, grabbed her crutches and hopped down to the elevator.

LOBBY.

"Hello Mr. Bitters!" Katie said sweetly. She and Bitters were tight yo! :P

"Katie!" He squealed. He left his desk and hugged her. "I haven't seen you in forever! How are you?"

"Just fine," She said.

"What happened to your leg?" Bitters asked.

"I fell down the stairs in the apartment and broke my ankle," Katie said. Bitters realized something.

"You don't have any stairs in your apartment," He said. Katie bit her lip.

"I'm staying with some friends in 2J right now," she said. Bitters' eyes widened.

"The hockey-playing hooligans?!" He shouted.

"They are not hooligans!" Katie argued. "They are the sweetest people I have met since I came out here. Besides you that is. They.... They feel like the family I lost Mr. Bitters." Bitters couldn't help but soften at this. He had a soft spot for Katie.

"Well, I guess If they mean so much to you they can't be that bad," Bitters mused. "So what can I do for you on this fine evening?"

"I need to borrow the chess game please," Katie said. "I'm going to teach Carlos how to play." Bitters let a snort slip out, and Katie gave him the eye.

"Sorry," He said, handing Katie the board game.

"Thank you," she said, hugging Bitters before hopping back to the elevators.

*037*2013-04-19 16:40

{{: 

Please don't attack me in my sleep tonight...

I promise i'll read your latest posts in a little while, when things calm down here at work !

:)

}}

As long as you read no whales will attack :D

*039*2013-04-20 02:54

{{: 

Hmm, always so chaotic, this story... i need to go back further to understand, and maybe figure out who these guys are. Big Time Rush...

I guess it mimics the life of young crazy boy band guys, which is probably just as chaotic. In which case, you've captured it perfectly. :)

}}

THEY WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER OKAY???? XD I suggest googling them right away, it'll make this aaaaall so much clearer. And funnier. :3

*040*2013-04-20 21:16

It's time once again for another addition to this wonderful story! xD Yeah I'm just kinda hyper today. :3 Sorry they keep getting shorter and shorter! They're pre-written from last fall and I was uninspired at this point since my main character was in rehab and I was trying to develop three intertwining storylines and yeah just read it and quit listening to me. :P

Episode 55: Late night hooligans.

"Katie this is an old people game!" Carlos whined.

"Carlos quit acting like a baby! My BROTHER could play this at four years old and he could even beat me from time to time," Katie argued. "Now black or white?"

"....White," Carlos puffed, giving in. If it meant this much to Katie, he could suffer through it. Katie set up her pieces and Carlos copied her. Katie explained the rules, and moved her pawn.

THAT IS VERY BORING SO I WILL SKIP AHEAD ABOUT TWO HOURS.....

"I WIN!" Carlos shouted. "My bishop clearly is about to capture your king!"

"Only because you cheated and Moved him three spaces more than you should have!!" Katie argued back. James came bounding down the stairs then.

"SHUT THE F--- UP!!!!!!!" He screamed. That got their attention. "Thank you! It is after eleven at night and SOME of us would like to sleep! And Logan wants you to call him, Katie." Katie sighed and picked up her phone and dialed.

"Hey," Logan said happily when he answered. "I have good news and bad news."

"What's the bad news?" Katie asked tensely.

"Camille has the flu, and she got dehydrated, so they gave her some antibiotics and have her on an IV," Logan explained.

"And what could possibly be the good news?" Katie asked unhappily.

"We should be home by about two in the morning," Logan said, the smile on his face evident in his voice.

Katie rolled her eyes. "Is she okay right now?" she asked.

"Yeah, she's sleeping," Logan sighed.

"Go curl up next to her then," Katie said. "Text me when you leave, alright?"

"Will do," Logan said, and he hung up. Katie set her phone down.

"You okay?" Carlos asked. Katie shook her head, and he walked over to hug her. "Let's just go to bed, alright? I promise you, everything looks better in the morning." Katie nodded and pulled out her medicine.

BED.

...Nothing really happened until about the time Camille and Logan came home. Although most of it was upstairs. Katie and Carlos had somehow ended up tangled together and his thumb was in her mouth.

Episode 56: Not normal. at ALL.

As I said last time, Carlos' thumb had somehow ended up in Katie's mouth. He woke up slowly, and figured that out too. He slowly pulled it out, but Katie pulled his hand back over and stuck his thumb back in her mouth. Carlos sighed. He was gonna have to do this the hard way.

"Katie," He whispered in a sing-song voice. "Katie, wake up." Her eyes slowly opened half-way, and she realized who's thumb was really in her mouth.

"Oops," She whispered, still half asleep. She rolled over, stuck her own thumb into her mouth, and fell back asleep. Carlos untangled himself, and went down to raid the fridge.

DOWNSTAIRS

Logan and Camille were settling in as Carlos walked down the steps.

"What are you doing up?" Camille asked. Her voice was raspy but she looked a LOT better than after the gang got back from the movie.

"Your cousin's thumb ended up in my mouth and once I got it out I realized how hungry I was," Carlos explained. Camille just shrugged and dragged herself in to bed. Logan lingered in the kitchen, starving for some bacon.

"You wanna go to IHOP?" He asked Carlos. He agreed, pulling on the pants that were in the laundry basket on the floor.

NEXT MORNING AS EVERYONE WAS EATING BREAKFAST.......

"Katie you are a Kitchen GODESS," Logan said, literally licking his plate clean.

"I try," Katie said as she fixed herself a plate of waffles, drowning them in whipped cream. Carlos was washing up his plate and looked at the calendar.

"Why is Friday circled?" He asked.

"Oh, it's my nineteenth birthday," Katie said nonchalantly. (AN: I imagined we were all about eighteen in this story, me being the youngest lol) James dropped his fork on to his waffle, spattering Logan with whipped cream.

"WHAT?! Why didn't you tell us?!" He shouted.

"Lots of reasons," Katie shrugged. "Mostly because it's just another day without my family, another reminder of how much they hate me, and another day without Kendall." Speak of the devil, Katie's phone rang. She picked it up and answered.

"Hello?"

"Hey beautiful," Kendall said. Katie choked on her waffle.

"Hey! Oh my gosh we were just talking about you! Are you okay? What's going on? Are you-"

"Slooowwwwwww down," Kendall chuckled. "We have an hour this time. So what are you doing?"

"Eating waffles buried under mountains of whipped cream and berries and talking about how I don't want to celebrate my birthday on Friday," Katie said.

"What?! Why are you not gonna celebrate?" Kendall asked.

"Because it's just like any other day," Katie shrugged. "And besides, you won't be here, so it won't be fun." Kendall thought for a moment.

"What if I could fix that?" He mused.

"I'd be interested," Katie said, trying to hide her enthusiasm. But even Camille, who had just woken up knew she was enthralled with something. "How so?"

"Leave that to me," Kendall said. He and Katie spent the next hour just talking about all the little things. Camille, the people he had met, the songs he had written. Finally the nurse came in and told Kendall he needed to wrap it up.

"Promise me you'll at least do something special for your birthday?" Kendall asked before he got off.

"I'll eat some junk food, okay?" Katie said, trying to please her boyfriend. She was already missing Kendall.

"Trust me, I'll make SURE you enjoy it," Kendall said. "I love you."

"I love you too," Katie said. The line went dead, and she set her phone down.

*041*2013-04-21 00:26

I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY I'M JUST GONNA POST A BUNCH OF CHAPTERS RIGHT NOW! lol I'm bored and feel l don't contribute much, so let us begin with this marathon! :D

Episode 57: Magical and sparkly.

Katie set her phone down, staring at it for a few minutes. No one said anything, and just looked at her, waiting for a reaction. Katie finally looked up.

"Why does everyone always stare at me?!" She snapped. She hopped up the stairs and flopped down on Carlos' bed and burst into tears. She felt so alone without Kendall. He'd been everything she needed, and without him, she didn't know how to cope. She looked over at the desk and saw Carlos' pocket knife and slipped it into her back pocket. Carlos came in then.

"Hey," He said. Katie just laid there. He laid down next to her, and she rolled over away from him, sticking her thumb inside her mouth. Carlos chuckled.

"You know that was my thumb last night," He said. Katie blushed.

"It wasn't even a thumb in my dream," Katie said, crimson. Carlos was trying hard not to burst out laughing, knowing what she meant. "Sorry I freaked out. I just.... It's so hard to celebrate the day I was brought into a family without that family actually wanting me in their lives."

"It's cool," Carlos said. "But I kind of think you do have a family again. I mean, you have Camille, and Logan, me and James.... We all love you Katie. And we'd do anything for you. At least I would." Katie smiled to herself, and she hugged Carlos. He relished the moment.

"Thank you Carlos," Katie said. She tried to un-hug, but... "Um, Carlos? You can let go now."

"Oh," He said. "Sorry." Katie giggled.

I CAN'T GET PAST THIS PART SO I'M JUST GONNA SKIP TO TUESDAY NIGHT BEFORE BED.......

"Dude, seriously," Carlos said while Katie was getting ready for bed. "We were barely able to get the tickets and locket today without you wetting yourself, and you're STILL drinking?"

"Dude I'm THIRSTY," James whispered. "I know it seems stupid but I just can't help it I'm so damn thirsty!" And with that he finished off ANOTHER water bottle. Katie came back in the room and crawled into Carlos bed and was out in an instant.

"And I'M the one who should worry," James snorted. Carlos glared at him.

"SHE is-"

"Save me the lecture," James said, climbing up into his bunk. Carlos set the alarm for the morning and turned off the lamp. He snuggled down next to Katie.

JAMES' POV:

I looked down at Katie and Carlos. I wanted her just as much as he did! Her feet were PERFECT. Why was she responding to him more?! And.... What if Carlos was right? What if I WAS going to piss my bed? Well, there was only one way to find out. I let my head hit the pillow, and was out in an instant. I somehow ended up in the studio with the guys. We were singing for Griffin, and I was seriously about to piss myself. My harmonies got more and more complex, and required more and more breath.

Finally, It just took too much breath control, and as I belted out my part of the song, I completely pissed myself. And we weren't in the vocal booth with carpet. No, we were in the booth with hard wood floors. It didn't take long for me to soak my jeans and for a puddle to appear on the floor either. And as hard as I tried, I COULDN'T STOP wetting. Suddenly Logan was laughing at me, and then the other two started in, and then suddenly everyone was laughing at me. Even KATIE was there, laughing. I left my subconscious....

END JAMES' POV.

James' eyes flew open. He looked around himself. He was in his bed, no one was awake, and everything was fine. Or so he thought. He slid his legs up so his knees were in the air, and his feet were where his butt had been. The sheets were cold and wet. He sat up, and realized it: he HAD soaked himself.

Episode 58: Hit and Miss.

James had SOAKED himself.

"Shit," he whispered. He crawled down to the foot of his bed and looked at Katie and Carlos. She was sucking his thumb again, and they were both asleep. He let out a sigh, and started to pull the sheets off that side of the bed. He then crawled back to the other side of the bed and did the same. He wadded everything up, and climbed down with the huge wad in hand. He grabbed some new PJ's from his drawer in the dresser and left the room, going to shower. Unfortunately, the door wasn't very quiet and woke Katie up. She pulled Carlos' thumb out of her mouth, and sat up.

"What's going on?" Carlos whispered. Katie looked up at James' bed and saw it completely devoid of sheeting.

"Nothing," Katie whispered. "I'm just going to the bathroom, go back to sleep." Carlos nodded and laid his head back down. Katie slipped quietly out of bed and out the door. James was already downstairs and leaving. But she saw their laundry basket with the soap sitting by the door. She sighed and went downstairs to get it and bring it down to him.

LAUNDRY MAT IN BASEMENT.

"Dammit!" James shouted once he realized he'd forgotten the soap. He turned around to go get it, but he saw Katie standing there. She silently moved past him and put the soap in and started the washer. James sank to his knees, humiliated by the whole situation. Katie turned around and sat down next to him.

"It's okay," She cooed. James just laid his head on her shoulder, sobbing.

"I can't do this!" He cried. Katie rubbed his back, trying to make him feel better.

"Shh," She said. "It happens. It isn't the end of the world. I promise you it isn't. I'm not gonna tell anyone if that's your fear. This kind of thing just... happens sometimes. And.... I think it's sexy." James looked up at her.

Episode 59: Swap.

James looked up at Katie, and saw nothing but compassion in her.

"You can't possibly mean that!" He said, laying down on her legs. Katie sighed. She wasn't going to get through to him, so she just let him cry. They finally went back upstairs, and they just crashed on the sofa.

IN THE AM....

James woke up before Katie. He looked around, trying to remember how he had ended up on the sofa. Then it all hit him. The dream, the bed, Katie.... Katie!

"Shit!" James whispered. He felt around him, letting out a sigh of relief when he felt nothing. But then he remembered what she had said. He contemplated that, until he noticed Logan walk out of the bedroom then, in nothing more than a pair of underwear.

"Nice," James said, making Logan jump.

"God! Don't scare me like that!" he said. He had definitely looked better. "Camille was up all night, so leave me ALONE, got it?" James nodded. Logan went back into the bedroom, and the noise woke Katie up.

"What.. Why am I down here?" She asked. She saw James and remembered what had happened. She blushed and went to the kitchen to get her meds. James followed behind her.

"So... crazy night huh?" He offered, blushing. Katie just nodded. James made her look him in the eye. "Did you mean what you said last night?" Katie's eyes filled up with tears and she nodded. James hugged her and she buried her face in his shirt and started crying.

"Shh," He said. "It's not like I'm gonna judge you. You've never judged me. And.... I personally would love to eat your feet." Katie looked up at him.

"You m-mean that?" She asked. James nodded.

"You're feet are PERFECT," he said. "I'm a feet person. So.... I kinda get it. I mean we all have our things, right?"

"You have no idea how much that means to me," Katie whispered. Carlos walked downstairs then.

"Um, what the hell is going on?! You never came back upstairs!" He snapped.

"Sorry, Camille wanted me, and then Logan asked that I sleep down here in case she wanted me again," Katie lied smoothly.

"And why are YOU down here?" Carlos demanded of James.

"She wanted my company," He answered. Carlos rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, okay then. I'm going back to bed," Carlos muttered. When he was gone Katie and James burst out laughing.

"Keep it down!" Logan shouted.

Episode 60: Invisible? Never.

Katie giggled as she made breakfast, jumping when her phone rang. To her surprise it was Kelly.

"Hello?" She said.

"Katie, Gustavo wants you and the boys down here to work on a new song," She said.

"Alright, we'll be down there in about an hour, is that okay?"

"Sounds good," Kelly said, and she hung up. Katie turned to James. "Gustavo wants all of us down there to work on a new song."

"That's cool," James said. "I'll go tell Carlos." Katie nodded and went in to the bedroom. Camille was curled up in a ball next to Logan, who was asleep. They both looked exhausted, but she knew Gustavo would kill her if they all weren't there.

"Logan," Katie whispered. "Wake up." Logan's eyes fluttered open. "Gustavo wants us ALL at the studio."

"Alright," He groaned. "Can you help me with your cousin?"

"I'm awake," Camille said. "Can't he just stay here?"

"I don't think that's a good idea," Katie said. Camille groaned, and Katie sighed.

"Fine," Camille said, relinquishing her grasp on Logan. Katie left the room and grabbed her phone and pulled up a number she thought she never thought she'd dial; Lucy's. Camille was in no condition to be on her own.

THIS IS VERY BORING SO I GON' SKIP AHEAD TO THE STUDIO.....

"DOGS! And Katie," Gustavo barked once they entered the studio. "Since Kendall is in rehab, and I have a band doing nothing, Griffin has declared I make a remix of your last album with a guest artist on certain songs."

"Who's going to be the guest singer?!" Everyone asked excitedly.

"I'm looking at her," Gustavo said, staring straight at Katie.

*042*2013-04-22 00:54

Hmm.... been an amazing, awesome, perfect, flawless kind of day. ^_^ story time!

Episode 61: Covergirl.

"I'm looking at our guest artist," Gustavo said, staring right at Katie. Her jaw dropped to the floor.

"M-me?!" She squeaked.

"Kendall always said you could sing," Kelly answered. Katie swallowed hard and followed Gustavo and the guys into the booth.

"Now the song we are going to remix is Covergirl, and Katie is going to be harmonizing in random places," Gustavo ordered. Katie took a deep breath. Kendall always said that song reminded him of her. Gustavo pushed a few things on his sound board while Katie got her headphones on, and then he started the track.

"I don't know why you always get so insecure," Katie harmonized with Kendall's pre-recorded voice. "I wish you could see what I see, when you're looking in the mirror. And why don't you believe me when I say? That to me you get more beautiful, every day?"

"CUT!!" Gustavo shouted.

"What? that actually sounded good!" Katie argued.

"What the HELL is dripping from your nose?!" Katie felt her nose and looked at her hand: it was blood. "Stop it!"

"Yeah, cuz I can TOTALLY control involuntary bleeding from my nose!" Katie snapped back.

"You're sarcasm has come quite far," Gustavo muttered. Katie stepped out of the vocal booth and all three of the guys were around her in an instant, panicking.

"GUYS!" Katie shouted. "I'm fine. I just need something to absorb the blood." James ran after that, and Carlos sat down with Katie on the sofa. Logan just stood there awkwardly.

"Just go call Camille," Katie sighed, knowing he wanted to be there to take care of her. Logan didn't argue and stepped out of the room, and James nearly ran him over as he came back with the tissue box.

"Here!" He panted, completely out of breath. Katie grabbed a couple and tipped her head forward.

"Does this happen a lot?" Carlos asked.

"Not really," Katie said. "It just happens at freak times."

"Um, Katie?" Logan said. "Camille wants to talk to you." Katie took the phone.

"Hello?"

"Seems great minds think alike," Camille joked. "My nose let loose too." Katie couldn't help but laugh. Camille always knew what to say to make things less awkward. "So I hear you get some singing cred?"

"Yeah," Katie said. "Gustavo wants me to harmonize in random places on different songs."

"AHEM!" Gustavo shouted.

"And now he's mad at me," Katie sighed. "Here's Logan." She handed the phone back to Logan and he walked out of the room.

"So how are the plans coming together?" he asked.

*043*2013-04-24 23:55

You know you missed me! :P So WHO WANTS ANOTHER COUPLE OF CHAPTERS EH??? xD Promise you your gonna love everything I have coming for you in the near future. ;) Enjoy!

Episode 62: Cover girl covers up.

"How are the plans coming together?" Logan asked once he was out of the room.

"Quite nicely," Camille said. "I've got the guitar on hold at the music shop. All we gotta do is pick it up."

"And the party?" Logan asked.

"Well, we have two location choices," Camille said. "Either a thirty minute drive to the one here in LA, or an HOUR drive to the one in Burbank."

"Which one is better?" Logan asked.

"Burbank," Camille said. Logan sighed.

"Do the one in burbank then," He said. Gustavo called for him. "I gotta go."

"Alright, I'll see you when you get home baby," Camille said. As Logan walked back into the studio, Katie was sitting on a chair with a guitar, fiddling around with it.

"Cover time," Kelly said, handing Logan some music. He looked over at James and Carlos; They were looking at the same lyric sheets. Katie picked up the guitar, and randomly started playing her favorite song, singing along. Everyone stopped and listened when they heard her start....

Episode 63: My song.

"Got the news today, doctor said I had to stay, a little bit longer, and I'll be fine," Katie sang out in harmony with the guitar she had been given. Everyone stopped and stared as she got lost in the song, playing every note flawlessly. when she finished, Everyone just stared, then burst out cheering. Well, everyone except Gustavo, who suddenly silenced them.

"THAT," He shouted, "Was AMAZING." Katie's jaw dropped. She'd never once heard a nice word exit Gustavo's mouth willingly. "How would you like to be my go-to guitarist?" It was all Katie could do not to scream. She slowly nodded her head yes. Gustavo sent the boys home but Katie had to stay behind and help Kelly catch up on paperwork.

THIS IS VERY BORING. LATER THAT WEEK THEY TOOK OFF THE BOOT, AND NOW WE ARE GONNA SKIP AHEAD TO THURSDAY AFTERNOON..

"I don't know what time I'll be back," James said as he made some final adjustments to his outfit before heading out. "I'm kinda thinking it may be in the morning."

"That's cool with me," Katie and Carlos said, to engrossed in their game of checkers. James sighed.

"You can do this James," Katie said softly.

James smiled happily and skipped to the front door. "Bye!" He called.

"Bye!" Everyone shouted back.

"I feel like cooking," Camille said. "What does everyone want?"

"I dunno why but I want cheesecake," Logan said.

"I have a recipe for a taco cheesecake casserole thing," Camille said. Logan's mouth started watering, which made Camille smile. "Taco cheesecake it is then."

AT THE STORE.....

"We need some crackers, cream cheese, tomatoes, and- OH LOOK!" Camille said, pointing at some flowers. "These would look sooo pretty in the crib!"

"They'd also make a nice garnish," Logan said. Camille gave him a look and he gave her that sideways grin that made her melt. She kissed him and set the flowers in the cart.

"To the produce department!" Camille shouted heroically, and she started jogging towards that general direction.

"Wait up!" Logan called, riding the cart back to her. Camille was already looking for some good tomatoes.

"Can you get some green onions?" She asked Logan as she examined a mushy spot on her tomato.

"Sure." He kissed her and left. They went like that as they gathered things up in that area.

"Alright, now we need.... sour cream and cream cheese," Camille said, looking at her list. Logan followed behind her, thinking how sexy she was when she was on a mission.

"Next up is... Logan!" Camille said, and she clapped her hands in front of his face.

"Woah sorry!" He said. She gave him a look and he blushed.

"All we have left is tortilla chips and toilet paper," Camille said. She leaned in closer to him, just to see what would happen. She noticed the bulge in his pants and walked off towards the paper products.

Damn dat bitch is sexay, Logan thought to himself.

WHEN THEY GOT BACK IN THE CAR........

"Don't hate me," Camille said. "But... We have something else we NEED to do."

*044*2013-04-28 01:18

Hellooooo person reading this! :P We're getting to the good stuff.... ;) Trust me, you'll like this and the next update. ;D Enjoy!

Episode 64: Target practice.

"We have one other errand to run," Camille said hesitantly. "We need to get the stuff for the party tomorrow."

"I thought James already took care of that!" Logan whined.

"Well he was going to but he never did, so we need to, okay baby?" Camille begged.

"You know I can't say no to you," Logan sighed.

"Thanks babe," Camille said, kissing Logan on the cheek, and they drove off to the party store.

WHEN THEY GOT THERE.......

"Alright anything pink, sparkly, or pink AND sparkly works," Camille said as she grabbed a cart. "You get the plates and stuff and I'll get the balloons."

"No, I'LL get the balloons," Logan said. "You and Junior shouldn't be near the helium." Camille touched her stomach, which had began to bulge, protectively.

"Alright fine," Camille said, stomping off towards the themed plates. She then came across the perfect themeware: sequin princess. It was nothing but pink and/or sparkles. She spent maybe five minutes there. Logan placed the balloon order for the morning while Camille paid for the plates and the other things she had gathered up, and they left.

AFTER DINNER THAT NIGHT.....

"Camille you HAVE to start cooking more often," Carlos said. He had eaten five helpings of the cheesecake casserole.

"You really should Sissy," Katie said, clearing the table. "You're a really good cook."

"Thanks," Camille said. "But junior kind of makes it hard to cook with all the smells. He's very picky."

"Well he better be good to you," Logan said, wrapping his arms around Camille, and Carlos groaned.

"Oh come on Carlos," Katie said. "I'd give anything to have Kendall here to do that with me.."

"That reminds me, I have something to show you," Carlos said. "Come with me."

Episode 65: Shocker.

"Come with me," Carlos said. Katie followed him upstairs to the bedroom. Carlos closed the door behind them.

"What's this about?" Katie asked.

"I know you don't want to celebrate your birthday," Carlos started. "But I still wanna give you a present. So close your eyes." Katie did as she was told. Carlos dug around under a pile of things on the desk in the room and found what he had gotten Katie: a signed Jo Bro poster. He placed it on Katie's lap.

"Happy birthday." Katie opened her eyes, unrolling it and gasped.

"Thank you Carlos!" She squealed, and she hugged him. He smiled and hugged her back. This was the happiest he had seen her yet.

"You're welcome," He said.

"Thank you for everything," Katie said, un-hugging.

"Aw, you know I'd do anything for you," Carlos said sweetly. "Now YOU need to get to bed. You have a busy day tomorrow." Katie rolled her eyes. She didn't want to know what everyone was planning.

TWO IN THE MORNING......

The room was quiet, the only sounds being the soft music Katie had playing and the breathing of her and Carlos, when all of a sudden...

NO WE'RE NOT GONNA WORK THIS OUT TONIGHT! Katie's phone burst out loudly.

"Hello?" She groaned.

"Katie, I need a huge favor," James said tensely.

*045*2013-04-28 19:11

YAAAAAAY!!! :D This thing is popular now! lol, even if it wasn't I still love y'all. :P and the sudden growth in views has perfect timing too, it's about to get REEEEALLY interesting. ;) enjoy!!

Episode 66: Dirty dancing ;)

"Katie I need a huge favor," James said tensely.

"What's going on?" Katie asked, sitting up right.

"Who is it?" Carlos muttered, having woken up because Katie was gone.

"The girl I was with took me out clubbing and I stayed sober but I had to drag her home and somehow drunk Annie stayed dry, but I.... wasn't so lucky."

"Where are you now?" Katie asked, much more alert.

"I'm almost to the elevator," James said.

"Cover yourself with anything you can and I'll meet you at the front door okay?" Katie said.

"Okay," James said. "I'll see you in a few." And they hung up. Katie went over to the dresser.

"What is going on?" Carlos asked again.

"Nothing," Katie said, brushing him off.

"That's not true," Carlos said, grabbing her hand. "Tell me."

"I can't," Katie said.

"Why not?!" Carlos asked, frustrated.

"If you had a secret I would keep it, wouldn't I?" Katie snapped. Carlos nodded. "Then let me give James that same level of respect. I'll be back up in a little bit, okay?"

"Alright," Carlos sighed, flopping back down on the bed. Katie grabbed some clothes for James, and ran downstairs right as he was walking in the front door.

"Hey," She said softly.

"Hey," James answered, not looking at Katie.

"You know I meant what I said last time, right?" Katie reminded James.

"Yeah.... I'm just worried what Annie's gonna do in the morning." James untied the jacket, and Katie gasped, both from pleasure and shock. The entire front of his pants were soaked with urine, and it smelled so amazing to Katie.

"God you know how to make a perve horny," Katie joked. James couldn't help but chuckle. "Humor me?"

"Why not?" James shrugged. Katie led him into the bathroom and closed the door.

"How full are you?" She asked him.

"Why don't you find out?" James said, completely getting into it. Katie sat James down on toilet, crawling on to his lap. James pressed his body up against her, and let loose. She was amazed his pants could hold so much moisture, but soon it started spreading all over her, and she was rather full, so she pressed her body up against James and let loose herself. They stayed like this for a while, until they both were empty, at which point Katie gasped from pleasure.

"Wow," James breathed. "Um...."

"Just hop in the shower and give me your clothes," Katie said. James did as he was told, and Katie left.

Episode 67: Seductive silence.

When Katie came back upstairs, James was sitting shirtless watching TV. His perfect body was breath taking, but as she was observing, he saw her.

"Oh hey," James said, patting the seat next to him. Katie slipped quietly into it.

"How are you feeling?" Katie asked.

"Embarrassed more than anything," James shrugged. "I just.... Why me? Why am I the one who has to have the lack of control? Aren't I SUPPOSED to have control?"

"James I've seen worse," Katie said. "My brother had no control over ANYTHING." James shuddered.

"Yeah, I guess that is worse," James said. He turned back to the TV.

"Whatchya watching?" Katie asked.

"Friends," James said. "It was the only good thing on." They both laughed at something.

"Um.... You won't tell anyone about what we did, right?" Katie asked.

"Never," James said. "But silence has a cost."

"How much?" Katie asked nervously.

"You," James said. Katie hesitantly crawled on top of James' lap, and looked him in the eye.

"...I'm nervous," She said.

"Don't worry," James said, tracing her face gently with his hand. "I'll be gentle and slow." Katie nodded, and layed her lips on top James'. He responded, tracing her lips with his tongue. She let him in, and she started grinding on his lap. She kissed down his shirtless body, and stopped at his pants.

"Go ahead," James panted. Katie nodded, and slid down his sweats, and saw how massive his erection was. "Hurry please," James begged. Katie slowly slid off his boxers, stroked his dick. Now, I won't go into details, but.... It was waaay more fun than Drunk Annie had been. ;)

THE NEXT MORNING......

"I have no more of an idea than you do Camille," Carlos said. They were both staring at a messy, sticky, Katie and James, who were both still naked.

"Go get me some clothes for them please!" Camille snapped. She thought her cousin was better than this. Carlos stomped up the stairs, and Camille slammed the bathroom door.

"What the heck!" Katie groaned. She looked around her, trying to remember... Then it all came back. James, peeing, sex... She looked down at herself, and she was stark naked under the blanket. So was James.

"James!" She whispered sharply. "James wake up!"

"Huh?" He looked at Katie, holding the blanket over her chest. "Shit, I guess those beers did get to me. Wait what?!" He was still half asleep so he started panicking, and feeling around himself. But then he noticed he was naked, and blushed.

"Am I really doing this?" He asked with an awkward smile.

"I'm not about to judge you," Katie said.

"Well, in that case, I'm safe," James said happily. Katie hugged him, letting the blanket slip.

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!" Carlos shouted.

*046*2013-05-01 19:18

Hello! I have missed this story! :( BUT IT'S ALL GOOD I'M HERE NOW! :P Just read please.

Episode 68: Pancake party WOOT!

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!" Carlos shouted. Katie froze. This wasn't happening. She didn't just cheat on Kendall and get caught. But yet it was all real, and she felt like a slut. James wrapped the entire blanket around her, knowing she needed it more.

"Here!" Carlos shouted, throwing some clothes at the two of them, and he stomped back upstairs.

"Bathroom's open," Camille said. Katie grabbed her clothes off the floor and ran in, locking the door, and burst into tears. What had she just done?! She just cheated on her boyfriend, got caught by her cousin and roommate, and worst of all, they found her NAKED! could her birthday be off to any worse of a start?

"Katie, open the door please," Camille asked. Katie unlocked the door. Camille waddled in. "James is upstairs. What happened last night?"

"Camille I cheated on Kendall!!" Katie sobbed. Camille was hesitant to hug her cousin seeing as she was still a little bit of a mess, but wrapped her arms around the sobbing little girl.

"Oh K," She said. ".....What was the reason? Lonliness? hormones? Anger?"

"My damn fetish!" Katie sobbed into Camille's belly.

Camille sighed, "Get dressed and we'll fix it later, okay?" Katie nodded.

UPSTAIRS.

"Dude I'm SORRY!" James said for the fiftieth time as he pulled on boxers. "If it makes you feel any better, I... I regret it too."

"No, it DOESN'T!" Carlos shouted. "I LIKE her! How could you sleep with her?!"

"Because she saved my ASS from the drunk I went out with last night waking up to me and her in a pissed bed!" James shouted. "I have pissed myself three different times and she's had my back every single one of them and I wanted her! I don't know why I did and it was probably a big mistake, and now thanks to me and you she's downstairs crying her eyes out! And you're not the only victim here! She just cheated on her boyfriend!"

"WHAT?!" Logan roared from behind the other two.

"As if I don't already feel bad enough!" James pouted as he zipped his jeans up.

"........Just.... We have stuff we have to do and we need her out of the house for most of the day, and one of you is gonna have to do it," Logan said.

"Well don't look at me!" Carlos shouted.

"James it is," Logan sighed. "Get her out of here, okay?" And with that he left.

"Yeah cuz she's TOTALLY gonna trust me!" James shouted.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS IN THE SHOWER.....

KATIE'S POV:

I had turned the water on and stepped in, trying to muffle my sobs. What the hell had I just done?! We didn't even use protection! What if I was carrying James' baby? What if Kendall found out?! I couldn't stand that thought, and picked up Carlos' pocket knife. I opened the shiny thing up and laid it down onto my arm, slicing open every old scar. I couldn't take the misery I was hiding internally anymore. I ran over every single one until at least a third of my forearm was bleeding. I stopped then, already clean, and turned the water off. I cleaned the knife before drying it and sticking it back into my jeans pocket before I bandaged myself up as inconspicuously as I could. I got myself dressed, and my hair done. I went back to Logan and Camille's room, grabbing my cutting bracelets that covered my arm easily before sliding a thin jacket on just to be safe, and went to fix myself food. I sat down at the table to eat it when James walked over...

END KATIE'S POV

Episode 69: This is what happens when you club excessively (AN: I apologize, this is a very bad one :P )

James finished getting ready for the day, then came bounding down the stairs. Katie was moping over a bowl of oatmeal that she didn't look like she was going to eat, so he decided to make his move.

"Hey," He said. Katie looked up, but then right back down.

"I... I enjoyed myself but-"

"Shh," James said. "Last night was exactly that, last night. So.... If you want, I mean, we can-"

"I just want to move on," Katie said. "I feel awful, and I never EVER want to talk about it ever again."

"Then it's erased," James said. "Come on, let's go to IHOP."

"Why?" Katie sighed.

"Cuz I want pancakes and I wanna enjoy them with someone and everyone else is pissed at me, so..." Katie sighed and grabbed her purse, shouting a general goodbye as James tugged her out the door.

IN THE LOBBY......

Katie was actually happy as they got off the elevator, finally thinking she'd enjoy this, until...

"JAMES MATHEW DIAMOND!!!" Drunk Annie screeched. Katie could smell the beer from where she was and that girl was DRUNK.

"James what the HELL were you thinking?!" Annie shouted, staggering over to James. "Did you just think you'd club with me, drag me home AGAINST MY WILL, refuse to sleep with me because I was, 'wasted', and then-"

"Annie please please PLEASE don't say anything I am BEGGING you," James pleaded, clamping his mouth over Annie's.

"No!" Annie shouted. "Hey everyone! Guess what?! Y'all should know that- GAH!" Katie tackled Annie and pinned her to the floor.

"Go get Lucy!" Katie grunted as she struggled to keep Annie down. James went to go get Lucy, but he ran in to her quite literally as she came around the corner.

"Um, hi, have you seen my cousin Annie?" she asked.

"Uh, that's what I kinda needed you for," James said, leading her over to the catfight between her cousin and Katie. Lucy's jaw dropped to the floor.

*047*2013-05-04 22:56

Alright, ya got about two more updates and then it'll probably be a little while. But trust me, you're going to like what I have coming in the future. ;) OH! And I apologize for the... more sensitive stuff in the last topic. It came to me late one night. Anyways, here we go! :)

Episode 70: The REAL pancake party

Lucy's jaw dropped to the floor, and she immediately grabbed Annie's legs.

"Get her in the elevator," She directed Katie. Katie didn't argue and did what she was told, dragging the girl by her wrists. James pushed the button and they all piled in the elevator.

"LET ME GO!" Annie shouted once the doors to the elevator closed.

"I take it you met my cousin," Lucy said as the doors closed. "And her weakness is BEER."

"No! My weakness is when people make me mad and piss my bed!" Annie slurred. James held his breath.

"What is she talking about?" Lucy demanded.

"Nothing," Katie said smoothly. "It's the alchohol talking."

"No! James pissed my bed!" Annie insisted. Lucy looked at her niece, then at James, then at Katie.

"I'll deal with this later. YOU," she said to Annie, "BED." Annie stomped off when the doors opened, and Lucy followed her.

AT IHOP......

"James she's drunk," Katie assured him. "No one is going to take her seriously. If anything they'll think SHE did it because she was in too deep of a sleep. Trust me."

"I hope," James said, sipping on some soda. "But I mean..... Augh!"

"James you need to see a doctor," Katie said. "you've already had two sodas, and it isn't normal to be that thirsty and desperate all the time."

"I'll call when we're done," James sighed.

"No, now," Katie said, handing him her phone. He sighed and dialed.

"Hello? Yes, I need to make an appointment. I've been extremely thirsty even though I've been drinking, and as a result, been peeing excessively. ......Yes, I can come in then." The pancakes arrived then. "Alright, I'll see y'all then." James handed Katie back her phone.

"When are you going in?" She demanded.

"First thing on Monday," James sighed. "Where do you wanna head after this? We have all day."

"Hmm," Katie thought for a moment, but then decided. "How about the mall?"

"OH YEAH!" James agreed. "That sounds AWESOME!" Katie tittered, taking a bite of her hashbrowns. They finished eating and got back in the car. "Where to now?"

"Mall," Katie said, flipping through the radio stations until she found something Country.

"Oh I love this song!" She squealed. James rolled his eyes and sighed with a smile. He really felt awful for upsetting her, but she seemed so carefree, it was adorable.

"Alright, let's go get you something pretty to wear for tonight, Camille'd kill me if we didn't," He said, pulling in to a parking spot, extending his hand for Katie to take it.

Episode 71: Sparkles, dresses and heels, oh my!

James offered Katie his hand to hold.

"Let's go," She said, sliding out of the car. She felt for her knife in her pocket, sighing as she felt it, enjoying the twisted sense of security it brought. She came around to James, and they started walking.

"Where we headed first?" He asked.

"American Eagle," Katie answered eagerly. "I love that store."

"How come?" James inquired.

"They're one of the few stores in this shallow world that carries my size," Katie grumbled. "Shopping is something I rarely enjoy."

"Aw, well it's not gonna be so bad today, I'm not gonna let it," James declared. They wandered around until the found it, slowly stepping inside.

"Oh my god!" She squealed, running to the rack with dresses on it. "Come on, help me find this in an extra large." She tossed James one in a small, and he started sliding through them, finding one at the very back.

"Here," He said, pulling it out. Katie hugged it, before setting her sights on some tank tops. they went like that for a while before Katie went to try the clothes on.

"Wait there," She said before entering the room to change.

"What, do I get a fashion show or something?" he chuckled.

"Yes, because I need to know what looks good," She taunted, sliding off her jeans. She threw the little blue tank top dress over her head, pulling it down before looking at herself. It showed off her curves beautifully, but all she could see was her stomach, just barely protruding. It showed her chest off perfectly, but she was still a little burned, so she hated it. Tears formed in her eyes before she ripped it off, sliding her jeans back on. She needed a minute.

"Hey, you okay?" James asked softly.

"N-not really," Katie whispered. James sighed.

"Can you at least show me? Come on it can't look THAT bad." Katie took a deep breath, sliding the dress back on, opening the door, her head down. "It looks great!"

"No it doesn't," She mumbled. James made her look at him.

"Yes, it does," He said confidently. "Come on, tell me five reasons it doesn't."

"My stomach," She said. "It makes me look like a giant."

"Hmm," James eyed the dress objectively. "No, it doesn't, it shows off your curves in a really sexy way."

"And my thighs look huge," Katie argued.

"Mmm, wrong again, from what little you see it makes the rest of your legs look good," James countered. "You look GOOD, I promise." Katie nodded, smiling a little. "What else ya got?" Katie giggled and went back to her culmination of shirts. She came- well strutted- out in a flowing pink tank.

"Ya like?" She teased, twirling. James nodded. They went like that for about fifteen minutes.

"Well that was fun," Katie sighed, leaving to put things back.

"Hold up what are you doing?" James asked, taking the things he knew she loved.

"Um, putting things away," She said condescendingly. "I can't get them today."

"Uh, yeah, you can," James argued. "Please?" Katie was kinda shocked.

"Um, just one," She said, pulling her favorite out of the stack in her hand; the pink tank. She wasn't used to this.

"Good, that was my favorite," James smirked, going to buy the top. Katie sighed, checking her phone. It was only noon, they had plenty of time to kill. "Where to next?" James asked, coming back over. Katie thought for a minute.

"Rue 21?" She asked with a smile.

*048*2013-05-06 00:18

I could depress you with the fact that updates are gonna be few and far between now, but I won't. :) Instead I'll excite you by telling you I'm putting FOUR chapters in this update! :D enjoy.

Episode 72: Super secret sexy punishments. ;3

"Rue 21?" Katie asked shyly. James nodded, leading the way.

"So, what are you gonna wear to the party tonight?" James asked, realizing too late what had come out of his mouth.

"The WHAT?! I told you guys no party!" Katie whined.

"Ah ah ah, you also promised Kendall you'd do SOMETHING," James reminded. Katie sighed, trapped.

"And you knew about this the whole time?!" She demanded. James hesitantly nodded. "You're gonna pay for that later."

"Oh please I'm a grown man," James taunted.

"We'll just see," Katie said, strutting in to the store. She immediately went to the dresses, knowing the clothes here looked better on her.

"Hey what about this?" James asked, holding up a teeny neon pink bikini that said "hot stuff" on the back.

"Oh you'd look great in that!" Katie said confidently. "I mean I'D never wear anything like that, but you go right ahead." James put the thing back, annoyed, while Katie picked up a shirt. "What do you think of this?"

"I still say you should wear the bikini," James said in a sing-song voice. Katie rolled her eyes, picking up a few more things before going to try them on.

"So what am I in for this time?" James asked hesitantly, waiting for Katie to emerge.

"Just wait and find out," She answered, throwing a spotless white dress over her head. She emerged, beaming. "What do you think?"

"I think I should keep my mouth shut because you'll slap me if I say what I'm thinking," James said, drooling. Katie smirked before changing into her next selection. James just about went insane at how hot this little girl looked.

"Alright, punishment time," Katie said with a smirk as they left with her haul. James groaned, wondering how bad it could really be. When Katie stopped again, it was in front of every teenage boys nightmare; Victoria's secret.

Episode 73: Lacy, floral, with a wild side. xD

"Come on now," Katie said, literally dragging James in.

"Why do you hate me?" He moaned.

"Oh grow up," Katie muttered. "Consider it penance for that little bikini joke." James sighed as an older woman with a flat chest came over to help.

"Ah, what can I do for you two?" She asked.

"I'm looking for something to amuse my boyfriend, but every time I get something in my size it never fits," Katie explained. The woman smiled at James.

"Here to help her pick eh?" She said, clearly thinking James was her boyfriend.

"Oh no this is his best friend," Katie quickly explained. "We... made a bet."

"Oh, okay then, let me just measure you real quick," She said, wrapping her tape measure around Katie's ribs. "Alright, I think a double D should do the trick, come with me. Now what kind of bra were you looking for?"

"Something that doesn't push, but really flirty, maybe some lace?" Katie explained.

"Ah, here we go," the woman said. "Everything that would fit you would be here, have fun and let me know if you need anything else." James glared at Katie.

"Oh shut up and help me pick," Katie sighed. "Now zebra and lace, or cheetah?"

"Zebra," James said. "Although I think you'd look better in a floral lacy thing." Katie turned around, a little shocked.

"And you'd know this because...?"

James shrugged. "You just look better in floral in whatever you wear," He answered. Katie blushed.

"Okay penance served, let's get out of here," She whispered, trying to tug James along.

"Ah ah ah, you need something to surprise him with when he gets back," James taunted. Katie ducked her head in slight embarrassment. She couldn't believe that she was underwear shopping with JAMES, and he was enjoying it.

"Fine, but YOU have to judge," She grumbled, grabbing a few bras and some matching panties. She had someone find her a dressing room and shoved James inside. He politely turned around as Katie undressed. "Alright, what about this one?" She asked. James turned around to see a navy bra with intricate hearts on the cups, a teeny bit of lace at the top of it.

"Hmm, too girly," He judged, turning back around. It was then his bladder suddenly made itself known. Katie slipped the current bra off, trading it for a bright red with black lace on the bottom.

"How's this?" Katie asked. James turned around.

"I-it's good," He stuttered, trying to control his body by squirming. "Um, do you mind finishing up or can I leave?"

"Go ahead, I'll meet you in the food court," Katie said softly, noticing James tensing. James breathed a sigh of relief, shouting a thanks as he darted out of the changing room. Katie sighed, worried about him. She tried a few more things on before settling on a bra and some more exotic panties. She went to pay, remembering she had Gustavo's credit card as a present from them, and left to the food court to find James, hoping he had made it. She looked around a little when he phone went off. It was a text from James.

Episode 74: Foooood. :P

Katie opened the text.

Hey, I made it. Just gimme a few minutes.

Katie let out a sigh of relief, texting back. K. little TMI there, but I'll be waiting by Chinese food. She sat down at a table, waiting patiently.

"Alrighty, James is back, let the party begin!" He shouted to announce his presence.

"Chill there bronco," Katie giggled. "What do you wanna do now? It's almost one thirty."

"Well I dunno about you but I'm STARVING," James said, pretending to fall into the chair out of weakness.

"Well we should fix that then," Katie tittered. "What do you want?"

"Chinese!" James answered. "It's calling to me." Katie laughed, going up to order her food, James following behind her. They paid for it and sat back down at their previous table. "So where are we going after this? I say forever 21."

"Nooo," Katie whined. "I hate that store."

"Why? They have some really hot stuff in there," James countered.

"They never carry anything in my size," Katie whispered, fiddling with her rice unhappily.

"Okay then, how about the book store?" Katie perked up, nodding eagerly. James chuckled. She was so cute. They finished, James grabbing an extra large Coke before they left.

"That's gonna go straight through you," she warned. James just shrugged, leading the way, enjoying the huge smile that crossed Katie's face when she entered.

"Where to first?" He asked.

"Graphic novels!" Katie answered softly, finding them right next to the magazines. She skimmed the titles, finding her series quickly, opening the book and reading the intro.

"I'll be at the magazines," James said, going over and grabbing a copy of Men's fashion monthly. Katie giggled, hugging the book she had to her chest before going over to the young adult section to see if anything would catch her eye. For once something did; A novel about a girl who ran a secret blog about her life, and the adventures she encountered. She opened it up and began to read it, deciding on it then and there. She grabbed a package of pencils before going back to James.

"Ready!" She squeaked. James nodded, following her to the register. "Where to next? You pick."

"Hmm," James thought for a minute. "Hot topic?" Katie nodded, following next to James. He had drained his cup by the time they arrived, making Katie nervous.

"Alright, you lead the way," She said quietly. James smiled, marching ahead, knowing exactly what he wanted and where it was.

"Anything catch your eye?" He asked, skimming over the shirts. Katie shook her head, her mind wandering. James got what he wanted and he went back over to Katie. "We need to find you something to wear tonight."

"Ugh, is there any way I could get out of that?" Katie groaned.

"Nope, and Camille would be crushed if you didn't go, she's been working on it for weeks," James said.

"Fine," Katie grumbled. "Is it at least something I'll enjoy?"

"Oh yeah," James said, tugging Katie along. "But that's ALL I'm saying." Katie sighed.

"Where are we even going?" Katie asked.

Episode 75: Ker-sploosh!

"You'll see," James said with a wink. He finally stopped in front of Penny's. "Alright, let the party-outfit hunting begin!" Katie groaned as she walked in.

"How formal is this outfit gonna have to be?" She asked.

"Not formal in the least, just something to have fun in," James said.

"Well then why can't I just wear some jeans and my favorite T-shirt?" Katie whined.

"Because then I wouldn't have an excuse to keep you here while they get ready for everything," James reasoned, the coke now nagging at his bladder.

"Ugh. Alright, how about this?" She held up a top with big navy and fuschia stripes, it was too long for a top but too short for a dress.

"I like it," James said, squirming a little. Katie didn't notice and went on to find some jeans. "H-hey, do you think we'll be done soon?"

"Maybe, I just gotta find the right size jeans," Katie said, looking at the size/style guide for the third time. "Why?"

"No reason," James said, still squirming. Katie saw him dancing out of the corner of her eye but elected not to bring it up, thinking he'd just leave since they were in a department store. James did leave as she found a few pairs, but came back too quickly.

"Ya know what I have some jeans at home," Katie said, knowing how quickly things were going to escalate. She knew how bad it ended when caffiene came in to the picture with someone who always had to pee. James nodded, still dancing in place, trying not to grab at his crotch as much as he knew it would help. "Come on." Katie payed for the top and tugged James out of the store, sighing in frustration. The closest bathroom was Macy's, and she didn't think James could make it that far.

"We gotta get to Macy's bud," she said, quickly taking his hand as they made a sort of dash. James gasped and stopped about half-way; he had started, and it took everything for him to be able to stop, and not without a huge spot on the front of his jeans. He grabbed himself, afraid to move for fear of losing it all.

"James we have to keep going," Katie whispered, tying her jacket around his waist.

"I-I don't think I can make it," He said, tears in his eyes.

"We have to try at least, there are less people in there anyways," Katie pleaded. She knew it was going to happen, but she had to try and conceal him as much as possible.

"I can't do it," James choked out. Katie looked around; there wasn't much option. before she could even make a move though, James began to sob; he'd lost it. His jeans instantly flooded with warmth, the huge mark spreading from the front of his jeans straight down his legs, ending in a huge puddle by his feet. When his river ran dry he looked up at Katie. "Help."

*049*2013-06-18 01:36

I FINALLY HAVE AN UPDATE FOR THIS STORY!!!! :D:D:D Two actually. :P SO I'LL STOP TALKING SO YOU CAN READ!!!

Episode 76: Aw shit that wasn't supposed to happen.

"Help," James pleaded, looking at Katie, still sobbing. She looked around. they were halfway between department stores, one of which was too expensive to get new clothes and the other without a working bathroom. Then she remembered James had bought jeans, all he needed was underwear and a place to change.

"Just stay behind me," She said. James followed close as Katie led them to Macy's, noticing everyone who stared and whispered. When they got to the store, Katie quietly asked the lady at the make-up desk where the bathrooms were, thanking her when she finished.

"We almost there?" James whispered, getting cold.

"Almost, I promise," Katie assured him, stopping when they arrived. "I'll be right here waiting, I promise."

"Um, I need boxers," James whispered blushing.

Katie nodded. "What size?"

"Large," James answered. "I'll wait here." Katie nodded, getting the underwear quickly and returning. James took them and the bag from Hot Topic and went in to the bathroom to change. Katie sighed. She felt awful that this kept happening to James. He didn't deserve it. He finally emerged, in his new jeans, handing Katie her jacket back. He sank down next to her, laying his head on her shoulder as he began to cry.

"Shhh," Katie whispered, turning so she could hug him. "It's gonna be okay."

"I hate this!" James sobbed. "I hate that I can't control how desperate I am and when... I just hate it!"

"Shh, James," Katie said. "I know how embarrassing that was. Didn't someone ever tell you about that time at Rocque records before I found out I was pregnant?"

"N-No," James whimpered.

"It happened to me, and in front of Kendall," Katie whispered so only James could hear.

"B-but it's different, y-you like it," He sobbed.

"No, not always. To be honest, I was really quite humiliated by it. But... Kendall made it all better. He made something so embarrassing so beautiful."

"And how is this gonna be beautiful?" James asked, the tears finally starting to ebb.

"Think of what happened last night, or what's gone on between us before when it happened. How easy it was to forget. Or... or do you need me to do something now?" Katie asked.

".....Model something for me?" He asked. "Just make me smile."

"Okay then, come on," She said. She had the best idea in her head, knowing just how to get James to smile. She tugged him along in the opposite direction of where the incident happened. "You like feet right?"

"Oh yeah," James said with a smile. Katie tugged him inside Payless. "Especially in heels."

"Alrighty then, I've been needing some new wedges anyways," She said, hunting down the isle with her size. "Help me pick?"

"Chyeah," James said, looking over the selections. "Hmm, these, these, ooh, definitely these, oh and these." Katie smiled, taking off her flip-flops and slipping on the heels.

"How do these look?" She asked, strutting around in her sparkly, three inch platforms.

"Mmmm, I like it," James said, drooling. "These next." Katie obeyed, modeling until her feet hurt.

"Alright, lemme grab some sandals and we can go," She said. "You need anything before we keep going?" James shook his head, following her. "Alright, you think we could go get some jeans?"

"Yup, and I know a good place," James smirked. Katie smiled, following behind him. They arrived at a LEVI store. "Nothing but jeans." Katie smiled.

"Thanks," she said softly, going in.

"What kind did you want?" James asked, looking over the women's selections.

"Something skinny and red, with sparkles if you can?" Katie said. "Probably a fifteen in size."

"Hmm, these work?" James said, holding exactly the pair Katie had in mind. They were a bright red, and they had some sparkles around the bottom to look like cuffs, and the back pockets were bedazzled.

"PERFECT!" Katie squealed. James smiled his perfect smile, and handed them to Katie to try on.

He watched her walk off, his phone ringing; it was Camille.

"Hey," he said. "Listen I'm really sorry-"

"James it's fine," Camille answered. "Is she better now?"

"Yeah, she's trying on Jeans," James explained. "Is it time?"

"Yup, finish and head home," Camille ordered. James smiled to himself; she was gonna love this surprise.

