The perfect boyfriend - a fanfic/story - Page 2

Author: Little Widow

*040*2013-04-20 21:16

It's time once again for another addition to this wonderful story! xD Yeah I'm just kinda hyper today. :3 Sorry they keep getting shorter and shorter! They're pre-written from last fall and I was uninspired at this point since my main character was in rehab and I was trying to develop three intertwining storylines and yeah just read it and quit listening to me. :P

Episode 55: Late night hooligans.

"Katie this is an old people game!" Carlos whined.

"Carlos quit acting like a baby! My BROTHER could play this at four years old and he could even beat me from time to time," Katie argued. "Now black or white?"

"....White," Carlos puffed, giving in. If it meant this much to Katie, he could suffer through it. Katie set up her pieces and Carlos copied her. Katie explained the rules, and moved her pawn.

THAT IS VERY BORING SO I WILL SKIP AHEAD ABOUT TWO HOURS.....

"I WIN!" Carlos shouted. "My bishop clearly is about to capture your king!"

"Only because you cheated and Moved him three spaces more than you should have!!" Katie argued back. James came bounding down the stairs then.

"SHUT THE F--- UP!!!!!!!" He screamed. That got their attention. "Thank you! It is after eleven at night and SOME of us would like to sleep! And Logan wants you to call him, Katie." Katie sighed and picked up her phone and dialed.

"Hey," Logan said happily when he answered. "I have good news and bad news."

"What's the bad news?" Katie asked tensely.

"Camille has the flu, and she got dehydrated, so they gave her some antibiotics and have her on an IV," Logan explained.

"And what could possibly be the good news?" Katie asked unhappily.

"We should be home by about two in the morning," Logan said, the smile on his face evident in his voice.

Katie rolled her eyes. "Is she okay right now?" she asked.

"Yeah, she's sleeping," Logan sighed.

"Go curl up next to her then," Katie said. "Text me when you leave, alright?"

"Will do," Logan said, and he hung up. Katie set her phone down.

"You okay?" Carlos asked. Katie shook her head, and he walked over to hug her. "Let's just go to bed, alright? I promise you, everything looks better in the morning." Katie nodded and pulled out her medicine.

BED.

...Nothing really happened until about the time Camille and Logan came home. Although most of it was upstairs. Katie and Carlos had somehow ended up tangled together and his thumb was in her mouth.

Episode 56: Not normal. at ALL.

As I said last time, Carlos' thumb had somehow ended up in Katie's mouth. He woke up slowly, and figured that out too. He slowly pulled it out, but Katie pulled his hand back over and stuck his thumb back in her mouth. Carlos sighed. He was gonna have to do this the hard way.

"Katie," He whispered in a sing-song voice. "Katie, wake up." Her eyes slowly opened half-way, and she realized who's thumb was really in her mouth.

"Oops," She whispered, still half asleep. She rolled over, stuck her own thumb into her mouth, and fell back asleep. Carlos untangled himself, and went down to raid the fridge.

DOWNSTAIRS

Logan and Camille were settling in as Carlos walked down the steps.

"What are you doing up?" Camille asked. Her voice was raspy but she looked a LOT better than after the gang got back from the movie.

"Your cousin's thumb ended up in my mouth and once I got it out I realized how hungry I was," Carlos explained. Camille just shrugged and dragged herself in to bed. Logan lingered in the kitchen, starving for some bacon.

"You wanna go to IHOP?" He asked Carlos. He agreed, pulling on the pants that were in the laundry basket on the floor.

NEXT MORNING AS EVERYONE WAS EATING BREAKFAST.......

"Katie you are a Kitchen GODESS," Logan said, literally licking his plate clean.

"I try," Katie said as she fixed herself a plate of waffles, drowning them in whipped cream. Carlos was washing up his plate and looked at the calendar.

"Why is Friday circled?" He asked.

"Oh, it's my nineteenth birthday," Katie said nonchalantly. (AN: I imagined we were all about eighteen in this story, me being the youngest lol) James dropped his fork on to his waffle, spattering Logan with whipped cream.

"WHAT?! Why didn't you tell us?!" He shouted.

"Lots of reasons," Katie shrugged. "Mostly because it's just another day without my family, another reminder of how much they hate me, and another day without Kendall." Speak of the devil, Katie's phone rang. She picked it up and answered.

"Hello?"

"Hey beautiful," Kendall said. Katie choked on her waffle.

"Hey! Oh my gosh we were just talking about you! Are you okay? What's going on? Are you-"

"Slooowwwwwww down," Kendall chuckled. "We have an hour this time. So what are you doing?"

"Eating waffles buried under mountains of whipped cream and berries and talking about how I don't want to celebrate my birthday on Friday," Katie said.

"What?! Why are you not gonna celebrate?" Kendall asked.

"Because it's just like any other day," Katie shrugged. "And besides, you won't be here, so it won't be fun." Kendall thought for a moment.

"What if I could fix that?" He mused.

"I'd be interested," Katie said, trying to hide her enthusiasm. But even Camille, who had just woken up knew she was enthralled with something. "How so?"

"Leave that to me," Kendall said. He and Katie spent the next hour just talking about all the little things. Camille, the people he had met, the songs he had written. Finally the nurse came in and told Kendall he needed to wrap it up.

"Promise me you'll at least do something special for your birthday?" Kendall asked before he got off.

"I'll eat some junk food, okay?" Katie said, trying to please her boyfriend. She was already missing Kendall.

"Trust me, I'll make SURE you enjoy it," Kendall said. "I love you."

"I love you too," Katie said. The line went dead, and she set her phone down.

*041*2013-04-21 00:26

I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY I'M JUST GONNA POST A BUNCH OF CHAPTERS RIGHT NOW! lol I'm bored and feel l don't contribute much, so let us begin with this marathon! :D

Episode 57: Magical and sparkly.

Katie set her phone down, staring at it for a few minutes. No one said anything, and just looked at her, waiting for a reaction. Katie finally looked up.

"Why does everyone always stare at me?!" She snapped. She hopped up the stairs and flopped down on Carlos' bed and burst into tears. She felt so alone without Kendall. He'd been everything she needed, and without him, she didn't know how to cope. She looked over at the desk and saw Carlos' pocket knife and slipped it into her back pocket. Carlos came in then.

"Hey," He said. Katie just laid there. He laid down next to her, and she rolled over away from him, sticking her thumb inside her mouth. Carlos chuckled.

"You know that was my thumb last night," He said. Katie blushed.

"It wasn't even a thumb in my dream," Katie said, crimson. Carlos was trying hard not to burst out laughing, knowing what she meant. "Sorry I freaked out. I just.... It's so hard to celebrate the day I was brought into a family without that family actually wanting me in their lives."

"It's cool," Carlos said. "But I kind of think you do have a family again. I mean, you have Camille, and Logan, me and James.... We all love you Katie. And we'd do anything for you. At least I would." Katie smiled to herself, and she hugged Carlos. He relished the moment.

"Thank you Carlos," Katie said. She tried to un-hug, but... "Um, Carlos? You can let go now."

"Oh," He said. "Sorry." Katie giggled.

I CAN'T GET PAST THIS PART SO I'M JUST GONNA SKIP TO TUESDAY NIGHT BEFORE BED.......

"Dude, seriously," Carlos said while Katie was getting ready for bed. "We were barely able to get the tickets and locket today without you wetting yourself, and you're STILL drinking?"

"Dude I'm THIRSTY," James whispered. "I know it seems stupid but I just can't help it I'm so damn thirsty!" And with that he finished off ANOTHER water bottle. Katie came back in the room and crawled into Carlos bed and was out in an instant.

"And I'M the one who should worry," James snorted. Carlos glared at him.

"SHE is-"

"Save me the lecture," James said, climbing up into his bunk. Carlos set the alarm for the morning and turned off the lamp. He snuggled down next to Katie.

JAMES' POV:

I looked down at Katie and Carlos. I wanted her just as much as he did! Her feet were PERFECT. Why was she responding to him more?! And.... What if Carlos was right? What if I WAS going to piss my bed? Well, there was only one way to find out. I let my head hit the pillow, and was out in an instant. I somehow ended up in the studio with the guys. We were singing for Griffin, and I was seriously about to piss myself. My harmonies got more and more complex, and required more and more breath.

Finally, It just took too much breath control, and as I belted out my part of the song, I completely pissed myself. And we weren't in the vocal booth with carpet. No, we were in the booth with hard wood floors. It didn't take long for me to soak my jeans and for a puddle to appear on the floor either. And as hard as I tried, I COULDN'T STOP wetting. Suddenly Logan was laughing at me, and then the other two started in, and then suddenly everyone was laughing at me. Even KATIE was there, laughing. I left my subconscious....

END JAMES' POV.

James' eyes flew open. He looked around himself. He was in his bed, no one was awake, and everything was fine. Or so he thought. He slid his legs up so his knees were in the air, and his feet were where his butt had been. The sheets were cold and wet. He sat up, and realized it: he HAD soaked himself.

Episode 58: Hit and Miss.

James had SOAKED himself.

"Shit," he whispered. He crawled down to the foot of his bed and looked at Katie and Carlos. She was sucking his thumb again, and they were both asleep. He let out a sigh, and started to pull the sheets off that side of the bed. He then crawled back to the other side of the bed and did the same. He wadded everything up, and climbed down with the huge wad in hand. He grabbed some new PJ's from his drawer in the dresser and left the room, going to shower. Unfortunately, the door wasn't very quiet and woke Katie up. She pulled Carlos' thumb out of her mouth, and sat up.

"What's going on?" Carlos whispered. Katie looked up at James' bed and saw it completely devoid of sheeting.

"Nothing," Katie whispered. "I'm just going to the bathroom, go back to sleep." Carlos nodded and laid his head back down. Katie slipped quietly out of bed and out the door. James was already downstairs and leaving. But she saw their laundry basket with the soap sitting by the door. She sighed and went downstairs to get it and bring it down to him.

LAUNDRY MAT IN BASEMENT.

"Dammit!" James shouted once he realized he'd forgotten the soap. He turned around to go get it, but he saw Katie standing there. She silently moved past him and put the soap in and started the washer. James sank to his knees, humiliated by the whole situation. Katie turned around and sat down next to him.

"It's okay," She cooed. James just laid his head on her shoulder, sobbing.

"I can't do this!" He cried. Katie rubbed his back, trying to make him feel better.

"Shh," She said. "It happens. It isn't the end of the world. I promise you it isn't. I'm not gonna tell anyone if that's your fear. This kind of thing just... happens sometimes. And.... I think it's sexy." James looked up at her.

Episode 59: Swap.

James looked up at Katie, and saw nothing but compassion in her.

"You can't possibly mean that!" He said, laying down on her legs. Katie sighed. She wasn't going to get through to him, so she just let him cry. They finally went back upstairs, and they just crashed on the sofa.

IN THE AM....

James woke up before Katie. He looked around, trying to remember how he had ended up on the sofa. Then it all hit him. The dream, the bed, Katie.... Katie!

"Shit!" James whispered. He felt around him, letting out a sigh of relief when he felt nothing. But then he remembered what she had said. He contemplated that, until he noticed Logan walk out of the bedroom then, in nothing more than a pair of underwear.

"Nice," James said, making Logan jump.

"God! Don't scare me like that!" he said. He had definitely looked better. "Camille was up all night, so leave me ALONE, got it?" James nodded. Logan went back into the bedroom, and the noise woke Katie up.

"What.. Why am I down here?" She asked. She saw James and remembered what had happened. She blushed and went to the kitchen to get her meds. James followed behind her.

"So... crazy night huh?" He offered, blushing. Katie just nodded. James made her look him in the eye. "Did you mean what you said last night?" Katie's eyes filled up with tears and she nodded. James hugged her and she buried her face in his shirt and started crying.

"Shh," He said. "It's not like I'm gonna judge you. You've never judged me. And.... I personally would love to eat your feet." Katie looked up at him.

"You m-mean that?" She asked. James nodded.

"You're feet are PERFECT," he said. "I'm a feet person. So.... I kinda get it. I mean we all have our things, right?"

"You have no idea how much that means to me," Katie whispered. Carlos walked downstairs then.

"Um, what the hell is going on?! You never came back upstairs!" He snapped.

"Sorry, Camille wanted me, and then Logan asked that I sleep down here in case she wanted me again," Katie lied smoothly.

"And why are YOU down here?" Carlos demanded of James.

"She wanted my company," He answered. Carlos rolled his eyes.

"Yeah, okay then. I'm going back to bed," Carlos muttered. When he was gone Katie and James burst out laughing.

"Keep it down!" Logan shouted.

Episode 60: Invisible? Never.

Katie giggled as she made breakfast, jumping when her phone rang. To her surprise it was Kelly.

"Hello?" She said.

"Katie, Gustavo wants you and the boys down here to work on a new song," She said.

"Alright, we'll be down there in about an hour, is that okay?"

"Sounds good," Kelly said, and she hung up. Katie turned to James. "Gustavo wants all of us down there to work on a new song."

"That's cool," James said. "I'll go tell Carlos." Katie nodded and went in to the bedroom. Camille was curled up in a ball next to Logan, who was asleep. They both looked exhausted, but she knew Gustavo would kill her if they all weren't there.

"Logan," Katie whispered. "Wake up." Logan's eyes fluttered open. "Gustavo wants us ALL at the studio."

"Alright," He groaned. "Can you help me with your cousin?"

"I'm awake," Camille said. "Can't he just stay here?"

"I don't think that's a good idea," Katie said. Camille groaned, and Katie sighed.

"Fine," Camille said, relinquishing her grasp on Logan. Katie left the room and grabbed her phone and pulled up a number she thought she never thought she'd dial; Lucy's. Camille was in no condition to be on her own.

THIS IS VERY BORING SO I GON' SKIP AHEAD TO THE STUDIO.....

"DOGS! And Katie," Gustavo barked once they entered the studio. "Since Kendall is in rehab, and I have a band doing nothing, Griffin has declared I make a remix of your last album with a guest artist on certain songs."

"Who's going to be the guest singer?!" Everyone asked excitedly.

"I'm looking at her," Gustavo said, staring straight at Katie.

*042*2013-04-22 00:54

Hmm.... been an amazing, awesome, perfect, flawless kind of day. ^_^ story time!

Episode 61: Covergirl.

"I'm looking at our guest artist," Gustavo said, staring right at Katie. Her jaw dropped to the floor.

"M-me?!" She squeaked.

"Kendall always said you could sing," Kelly answered. Katie swallowed hard and followed Gustavo and the guys into the booth.

"Now the song we are going to remix is Covergirl, and Katie is going to be harmonizing in random places," Gustavo ordered. Katie took a deep breath. Kendall always said that song reminded him of her. Gustavo pushed a few things on his sound board while Katie got her headphones on, and then he started the track.

"I don't know why you always get so insecure," Katie harmonized with Kendall's pre-recorded voice. "I wish you could see what I see, when you're looking in the mirror. And why don't you believe me when I say? That to me you get more beautiful, every day?"

"CUT!!" Gustavo shouted.

"What? that actually sounded good!" Katie argued.

"What the HELL is dripping from your nose?!" Katie felt her nose and looked at her hand: it was blood. "Stop it!"

"Yeah, cuz I can TOTALLY control involuntary bleeding from my nose!" Katie snapped back.

"You're sarcasm has come quite far," Gustavo muttered. Katie stepped out of the vocal booth and all three of the guys were around her in an instant, panicking.

"GUYS!" Katie shouted. "I'm fine. I just need something to absorb the blood." James ran after that, and Carlos sat down with Katie on the sofa. Logan just stood there awkwardly.

"Just go call Camille," Katie sighed, knowing he wanted to be there to take care of her. Logan didn't argue and stepped out of the room, and James nearly ran him over as he came back with the tissue box.

"Here!" He panted, completely out of breath. Katie grabbed a couple and tipped her head forward.

"Does this happen a lot?" Carlos asked.

"Not really," Katie said. "It just happens at freak times."

"Um, Katie?" Logan said. "Camille wants to talk to you." Katie took the phone.

"Hello?"

"Seems great minds think alike," Camille joked. "My nose let loose too." Katie couldn't help but laugh. Camille always knew what to say to make things less awkward. "So I hear you get some singing cred?"

"Yeah," Katie said. "Gustavo wants me to harmonize in random places on different songs."

"AHEM!" Gustavo shouted.

"And now he's mad at me," Katie sighed. "Here's Logan." She handed the phone back to Logan and he walked out of the room.

"So how are the plans coming together?" he asked.

*043*2013-04-24 23:55

You know you missed me! :P So WHO WANTS ANOTHER COUPLE OF CHAPTERS EH??? xD Promise you your gonna love everything I have coming for you in the near future. ;) Enjoy!

Episode 62: Cover girl covers up.

"How are the plans coming together?" Logan asked once he was out of the room.

"Quite nicely," Camille said. "I've got the guitar on hold at the music shop. All we gotta do is pick it up."

"And the party?" Logan asked.

"Well, we have two location choices," Camille said. "Either a thirty minute drive to the one here in LA, or an HOUR drive to the one in Burbank."

"Which one is better?" Logan asked.

"Burbank," Camille said. Logan sighed.

"Do the one in burbank then," He said. Gustavo called for him. "I gotta go."

"Alright, I'll see you when you get home baby," Camille said. As Logan walked back into the studio, Katie was sitting on a chair with a guitar, fiddling around with it.

"Cover time," Kelly said, handing Logan some music. He looked over at James and Carlos; They were looking at the same lyric sheets. Katie picked up the guitar, and randomly started playing her favorite song, singing along. Everyone stopped and listened when they heard her start....

Episode 63: My song.

"Got the news today, doctor said I had to stay, a little bit longer, and I'll be fine," Katie sang out in harmony with the guitar she had been given. Everyone stopped and stared as she got lost in the song, playing every note flawlessly. when she finished, Everyone just stared, then burst out cheering. Well, everyone except Gustavo, who suddenly silenced them.

"THAT," He shouted, "Was AMAZING." Katie's jaw dropped. She'd never once heard a nice word exit Gustavo's mouth willingly. "How would you like to be my go-to guitarist?" It was all Katie could do not to scream. She slowly nodded her head yes. Gustavo sent the boys home but Katie had to stay behind and help Kelly catch up on paperwork.

THIS IS VERY BORING. LATER THAT WEEK THEY TOOK OFF THE BOOT, AND NOW WE ARE GONNA SKIP AHEAD TO THURSDAY AFTERNOON..

"I don't know what time I'll be back," James said as he made some final adjustments to his outfit before heading out. "I'm kinda thinking it may be in the morning."

"That's cool with me," Katie and Carlos said, to engrossed in their game of checkers. James sighed.

"You can do this James," Katie said softly.

James smiled happily and skipped to the front door. "Bye!" He called.

"Bye!" Everyone shouted back.

"I feel like cooking," Camille said. "What does everyone want?"

"I dunno why but I want cheesecake," Logan said.

"I have a recipe for a taco cheesecake casserole thing," Camille said. Logan's mouth started watering, which made Camille smile. "Taco cheesecake it is then."

AT THE STORE.....

"We need some crackers, cream cheese, tomatoes, and- OH LOOK!" Camille said, pointing at some flowers. "These would look sooo pretty in the crib!"

"They'd also make a nice garnish," Logan said. Camille gave him a look and he gave her that sideways grin that made her melt. She kissed him and set the flowers in the cart.

"To the produce department!" Camille shouted heroically, and she started jogging towards that general direction.

"Wait up!" Logan called, riding the cart back to her. Camille was already looking for some good tomatoes.

"Can you get some green onions?" She asked Logan as she examined a mushy spot on her tomato.

"Sure." He kissed her and left. They went like that as they gathered things up in that area.

"Alright, now we need.... sour cream and cream cheese," Camille said, looking at her list. Logan followed behind her, thinking how sexy she was when she was on a mission.

"Next up is... Logan!" Camille said, and she clapped her hands in front of his face.

"Woah sorry!" He said. She gave him a look and he blushed.

"All we have left is tortilla chips and toilet paper," Camille said. She leaned in closer to him, just to see what would happen. She noticed the bulge in his pants and walked off towards the paper products.

Damn dat bitch is sexay, Logan thought to himself.

WHEN THEY GOT BACK IN THE CAR........

"Don't hate me," Camille said. "But... We have something else we NEED to do."

*044*2013-04-28 01:18

Hellooooo person reading this! :P We're getting to the good stuff.... ;) Trust me, you'll like this and the next update. ;D Enjoy!

Episode 64: Target practice.

"We have one other errand to run," Camille said hesitantly. "We need to get the stuff for the party tomorrow."

"I thought James already took care of that!" Logan whined.

"Well he was going to but he never did, so we need to, okay baby?" Camille begged.

"You know I can't say no to you," Logan sighed.

"Thanks babe," Camille said, kissing Logan on the cheek, and they drove off to the party store.

WHEN THEY GOT THERE.......

"Alright anything pink, sparkly, or pink AND sparkly works," Camille said as she grabbed a cart. "You get the plates and stuff and I'll get the balloons."

"No, I'LL get the balloons," Logan said. "You and Junior shouldn't be near the helium." Camille touched her stomach, which had began to bulge, protectively.

"Alright fine," Camille said, stomping off towards the themed plates. She then came across the perfect themeware: sequin princess. It was nothing but pink and/or sparkles. She spent maybe five minutes there. Logan placed the balloon order for the morning while Camille paid for the plates and the other things she had gathered up, and they left.

AFTER DINNER THAT NIGHT.....

"Camille you HAVE to start cooking more often," Carlos said. He had eaten five helpings of the cheesecake casserole.

"You really should Sissy," Katie said, clearing the table. "You're a really good cook."

"Thanks," Camille said. "But junior kind of makes it hard to cook with all the smells. He's very picky."

"Well he better be good to you," Logan said, wrapping his arms around Camille, and Carlos groaned.

"Oh come on Carlos," Katie said. "I'd give anything to have Kendall here to do that with me.."

"That reminds me, I have something to show you," Carlos said. "Come with me."

Episode 65: Shocker.

"Come with me," Carlos said. Katie followed him upstairs to the bedroom. Carlos closed the door behind them.

"What's this about?" Katie asked.

"I know you don't want to celebrate your birthday," Carlos started. "But I still wanna give you a present. So close your eyes." Katie did as she was told. Carlos dug around under a pile of things on the desk in the room and found what he had gotten Katie: a signed Jo Bro poster. He placed it on Katie's lap.

"Happy birthday." Katie opened her eyes, unrolling it and gasped.

"Thank you Carlos!" She squealed, and she hugged him. He smiled and hugged her back. This was the happiest he had seen her yet.

"You're welcome," He said.

"Thank you for everything," Katie said, un-hugging.

"Aw, you know I'd do anything for you," Carlos said sweetly. "Now YOU need to get to bed. You have a busy day tomorrow." Katie rolled her eyes. She didn't want to know what everyone was planning.

TWO IN THE MORNING......

The room was quiet, the only sounds being the soft music Katie had playing and the breathing of her and Carlos, when all of a sudden...

NO WE'RE NOT GONNA WORK THIS OUT TONIGHT! Katie's phone burst out loudly.

"Hello?" She groaned.

"Katie, I need a huge favor," James said tensely.

*045*2013-04-28 19:11

YAAAAAAY!!! :D This thing is popular now! lol, even if it wasn't I still love y'all. :P and the sudden growth in views has perfect timing too, it's about to get REEEEALLY interesting. ;) enjoy!!

Episode 66: Dirty dancing ;)

"Katie I need a huge favor," James said tensely.

"What's going on?" Katie asked, sitting up right.

"Who is it?" Carlos muttered, having woken up because Katie was gone.

"The girl I was with took me out clubbing and I stayed sober but I had to drag her home and somehow drunk Annie stayed dry, but I.... wasn't so lucky."

"Where are you now?" Katie asked, much more alert.

"I'm almost to the elevator," James said.

"Cover yourself with anything you can and I'll meet you at the front door okay?" Katie said.

"Okay," James said. "I'll see you in a few." And they hung up. Katie went over to the dresser.

"What is going on?" Carlos asked again.

"Nothing," Katie said, brushing him off.

"That's not true," Carlos said, grabbing her hand. "Tell me."

"I can't," Katie said.

"Why not?!" Carlos asked, frustrated.

"If you had a secret I would keep it, wouldn't I?" Katie snapped. Carlos nodded. "Then let me give James that same level of respect. I'll be back up in a little bit, okay?"

"Alright," Carlos sighed, flopping back down on the bed. Katie grabbed some clothes for James, and ran downstairs right as he was walking in the front door.

"Hey," She said softly.

"Hey," James answered, not looking at Katie.

"You know I meant what I said last time, right?" Katie reminded James.

"Yeah.... I'm just worried what Annie's gonna do in the morning." James untied the jacket, and Katie gasped, both from pleasure and shock. The entire front of his pants were soaked with urine, and it smelled so amazing to Katie.

"God you know how to make a perve horny," Katie joked. James couldn't help but chuckle. "Humor me?"

"Why not?" James shrugged. Katie led him into the bathroom and closed the door.

"How full are you?" She asked him.

"Why don't you find out?" James said, completely getting into it. Katie sat James down on toilet, crawling on to his lap. James pressed his body up against her, and let loose. She was amazed his pants could hold so much moisture, but soon it started spreading all over her, and she was rather full, so she pressed her body up against James and let loose herself. They stayed like this for a while, until they both were empty, at which point Katie gasped from pleasure.

"Wow," James breathed. "Um...."

"Just hop in the shower and give me your clothes," Katie said. James did as he was told, and Katie left.

Episode 67: Seductive silence.

When Katie came back upstairs, James was sitting shirtless watching TV. His perfect body was breath taking, but as she was observing, he saw her.

"Oh hey," James said, patting the seat next to him. Katie slipped quietly into it.

"How are you feeling?" Katie asked.

"Embarrassed more than anything," James shrugged. "I just.... Why me? Why am I the one who has to have the lack of control? Aren't I SUPPOSED to have control?"

"James I've seen worse," Katie said. "My brother had no control over ANYTHING." James shuddered.

"Yeah, I guess that is worse," James said. He turned back to the TV.

"Whatchya watching?" Katie asked.

"Friends," James said. "It was the only good thing on." They both laughed at something.

"Um.... You won't tell anyone about what we did, right?" Katie asked.

"Never," James said. "But silence has a cost."

"How much?" Katie asked nervously.

"You," James said. Katie hesitantly crawled on top of James' lap, and looked him in the eye.

"...I'm nervous," She said.

"Don't worry," James said, tracing her face gently with his hand. "I'll be gentle and slow." Katie nodded, and layed her lips on top James'. He responded, tracing her lips with his tongue. She let him in, and she started grinding on his lap. She kissed down his shirtless body, and stopped at his pants.

"Go ahead," James panted. Katie nodded, and slid down his sweats, and saw how massive his erection was. "Hurry please," James begged. Katie slowly slid off his boxers, stroked his dick. Now, I won't go into details, but.... It was waaay more fun than Drunk Annie had been. ;)

THE NEXT MORNING......

"I have no more of an idea than you do Camille," Carlos said. They were both staring at a messy, sticky, Katie and James, who were both still naked.

"Go get me some clothes for them please!" Camille snapped. She thought her cousin was better than this. Carlos stomped up the stairs, and Camille slammed the bathroom door.

"What the heck!" Katie groaned. She looked around her, trying to remember... Then it all came back. James, peeing, sex... She looked down at herself, and she was stark naked under the blanket. So was James.

"James!" She whispered sharply. "James wake up!"

"Huh?" He looked at Katie, holding the blanket over her chest. "Shit, I guess those beers did get to me. Wait what?!" He was still half asleep so he started panicking, and feeling around himself. But then he noticed he was naked, and blushed.

"Am I really doing this?" He asked with an awkward smile.

"I'm not about to judge you," Katie said.

"Well, in that case, I'm safe," James said happily. Katie hugged him, letting the blanket slip.

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!" Carlos shouted.

*046*2013-05-01 19:18

Hello! I have missed this story! :( BUT IT'S ALL GOOD I'M HERE NOW! :P Just read please.

Episode 68: Pancake party WOOT!

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!" Carlos shouted. Katie froze. This wasn't happening. She didn't just cheat on Kendall and get caught. But yet it was all real, and she felt like a slut. James wrapped the entire blanket around her, knowing she needed it more.

"Here!" Carlos shouted, throwing some clothes at the two of them, and he stomped back upstairs.

"Bathroom's open," Camille said. Katie grabbed her clothes off the floor and ran in, locking the door, and burst into tears. What had she just done?! She just cheated on her boyfriend, got caught by her cousin and roommate, and worst of all, they found her NAKED! could her birthday be off to any worse of a start?

"Katie, open the door please," Camille asked. Katie unlocked the door. Camille waddled in. "James is upstairs. What happened last night?"

"Camille I cheated on Kendall!!" Katie sobbed. Camille was hesitant to hug her cousin seeing as she was still a little bit of a mess, but wrapped her arms around the sobbing little girl.

"Oh K," She said. ".....What was the reason? Lonliness? hormones? Anger?"

"My damn fetish!" Katie sobbed into Camille's belly.

Camille sighed, "Get dressed and we'll fix it later, okay?" Katie nodded.

UPSTAIRS.

"Dude I'm SORRY!" James said for the fiftieth time as he pulled on boxers. "If it makes you feel any better, I... I regret it too."

"No, it DOESN'T!" Carlos shouted. "I LIKE her! How could you sleep with her?!"

"Because she saved my ASS from the drunk I went out with last night waking up to me and her in a pissed bed!" James shouted. "I have pissed myself three different times and she's had my back every single one of them and I wanted her! I don't know why I did and it was probably a big mistake, and now thanks to me and you she's downstairs crying her eyes out! And you're not the only victim here! She just cheated on her boyfriend!"

"WHAT?!" Logan roared from behind the other two.

"As if I don't already feel bad enough!" James pouted as he zipped his jeans up.

"........Just.... We have stuff we have to do and we need her out of the house for most of the day, and one of you is gonna have to do it," Logan said.

"Well don't look at me!" Carlos shouted.

"James it is," Logan sighed. "Get her out of here, okay?" And with that he left.

"Yeah cuz she's TOTALLY gonna trust me!" James shouted.

MEANWHILE DOWNSTAIRS IN THE SHOWER.....

KATIE'S POV:

I had turned the water on and stepped in, trying to muffle my sobs. What the hell had I just done?! We didn't even use protection! What if I was carrying James' baby? What if Kendall found out?! I couldn't stand that thought, and picked up Carlos' pocket knife. I opened the shiny thing up and laid it down onto my arm, slicing open every old scar. I couldn't take the misery I was hiding internally anymore. I ran over every single one until at least a third of my forearm was bleeding. I stopped then, already clean, and turned the water off. I cleaned the knife before drying it and sticking it back into my jeans pocket before I bandaged myself up as inconspicuously as I could. I got myself dressed, and my hair done. I went back to Logan and Camille's room, grabbing my cutting bracelets that covered my arm easily before sliding a thin jacket on just to be safe, and went to fix myself food. I sat down at the table to eat it when James walked over...

END KATIE'S POV

Episode 69: This is what happens when you club excessively (AN: I apologize, this is a very bad one :P )

James finished getting ready for the day, then came bounding down the stairs. Katie was moping over a bowl of oatmeal that she didn't look like she was going to eat, so he decided to make his move.

"Hey," He said. Katie looked up, but then right back down.

"I... I enjoyed myself but-"

"Shh," James said. "Last night was exactly that, last night. So.... If you want, I mean, we can-"

"I just want to move on," Katie said. "I feel awful, and I never EVER want to talk about it ever again."

"Then it's erased," James said. "Come on, let's go to IHOP."

"Why?" Katie sighed.

"Cuz I want pancakes and I wanna enjoy them with someone and everyone else is pissed at me, so..." Katie sighed and grabbed her purse, shouting a general goodbye as James tugged her out the door.

IN THE LOBBY......

Katie was actually happy as they got off the elevator, finally thinking she'd enjoy this, until...

"JAMES MATHEW DIAMOND!!!" Drunk Annie screeched. Katie could smell the beer from where she was and that girl was DRUNK.

"James what the HELL were you thinking?!" Annie shouted, staggering over to James. "Did you just think you'd club with me, drag me home AGAINST MY WILL, refuse to sleep with me because I was, 'wasted', and then-"

"Annie please please PLEASE don't say anything I am BEGGING you," James pleaded, clamping his mouth over Annie's.

"No!" Annie shouted. "Hey everyone! Guess what?! Y'all should know that- GAH!" Katie tackled Annie and pinned her to the floor.

"Go get Lucy!" Katie grunted as she struggled to keep Annie down. James went to go get Lucy, but he ran in to her quite literally as she came around the corner.

"Um, hi, have you seen my cousin Annie?" she asked.

"Uh, that's what I kinda needed you for," James said, leading her over to the catfight between her cousin and Katie. Lucy's jaw dropped to the floor.

*047*2013-05-04 22:56

Alright, ya got about two more updates and then it'll probably be a little while. But trust me, you're going to like what I have coming in the future. ;) OH! And I apologize for the... more sensitive stuff in the last topic. It came to me late one night. Anyways, here we go! :)

Episode 70: The REAL pancake party

Lucy's jaw dropped to the floor, and she immediately grabbed Annie's legs.

"Get her in the elevator," She directed Katie. Katie didn't argue and did what she was told, dragging the girl by her wrists. James pushed the button and they all piled in the elevator.

"LET ME GO!" Annie shouted once the doors to the elevator closed.

"I take it you met my cousin," Lucy said as the doors closed. "And her weakness is BEER."

"No! My weakness is when people make me mad and piss my bed!" Annie slurred. James held his breath.

"What is she talking about?" Lucy demanded.

"Nothing," Katie said smoothly. "It's the alchohol talking."

"No! James pissed my bed!" Annie insisted. Lucy looked at her niece, then at James, then at Katie.

"I'll deal with this later. YOU," she said to Annie, "BED." Annie stomped off when the doors opened, and Lucy followed her.

AT IHOP......

"James she's drunk," Katie assured him. "No one is going to take her seriously. If anything they'll think SHE did it because she was in too deep of a sleep. Trust me."

"I hope," James said, sipping on some soda. "But I mean..... Augh!"

"James you need to see a doctor," Katie said. "you've already had two sodas, and it isn't normal to be that thirsty and desperate all the time."

"I'll call when we're done," James sighed.

"No, now," Katie said, handing him her phone. He sighed and dialed.

"Hello? Yes, I need to make an appointment. I've been extremely thirsty even though I've been drinking, and as a result, been peeing excessively. ......Yes, I can come in then." The pancakes arrived then. "Alright, I'll see y'all then." James handed Katie back her phone.

"When are you going in?" She demanded.

"First thing on Monday," James sighed. "Where do you wanna head after this? We have all day."

"Hmm," Katie thought for a moment, but then decided. "How about the mall?"

"OH YEAH!" James agreed. "That sounds AWESOME!" Katie tittered, taking a bite of her hashbrowns. They finished eating and got back in the car. "Where to now?"

"Mall," Katie said, flipping through the radio stations until she found something Country.

"Oh I love this song!" She squealed. James rolled his eyes and sighed with a smile. He really felt awful for upsetting her, but she seemed so carefree, it was adorable.

"Alright, let's go get you something pretty to wear for tonight, Camille'd kill me if we didn't," He said, pulling in to a parking spot, extending his hand for Katie to take it.

Episode 71: Sparkles, dresses and heels, oh my!

James offered Katie his hand to hold.

"Let's go," She said, sliding out of the car. She felt for her knife in her pocket, sighing as she felt it, enjoying the twisted sense of security it brought. She came around to James, and they started walking.

"Where we headed first?" He asked.

"American Eagle," Katie answered eagerly. "I love that store."

"How come?" James inquired.

"They're one of the few stores in this shallow world that carries my size," Katie grumbled. "Shopping is something I rarely enjoy."

"Aw, well it's not gonna be so bad today, I'm not gonna let it," James declared. They wandered around until the found it, slowly stepping inside.

"Oh my god!" She squealed, running to the rack with dresses on it. "Come on, help me find this in an extra large." She tossed James one in a small, and he started sliding through them, finding one at the very back.

"Here," He said, pulling it out. Katie hugged it, before setting her sights on some tank tops. they went like that for a while before Katie went to try the clothes on.

"Wait there," She said before entering the room to change.

"What, do I get a fashion show or something?" he chuckled.

"Yes, because I need to know what looks good," She taunted, sliding off her jeans. She threw the little blue tank top dress over her head, pulling it down before looking at herself. It showed off her curves beautifully, but all she could see was her stomach, just barely protruding. It showed her chest off perfectly, but she was still a little burned, so she hated it. Tears formed in her eyes before she ripped it off, sliding her jeans back on. She needed a minute.

"Hey, you okay?" James asked softly.

"N-not really," Katie whispered. James sighed.

"Can you at least show me? Come on it can't look THAT bad." Katie took a deep breath, sliding the dress back on, opening the door, her head down. "It looks great!"

"No it doesn't," She mumbled. James made her look at him.

"Yes, it does," He said confidently. "Come on, tell me five reasons it doesn't."

"My stomach," She said. "It makes me look like a giant."

"Hmm," James eyed the dress objectively. "No, it doesn't, it shows off your curves in a really sexy way."

"And my thighs look huge," Katie argued.

"Mmm, wrong again, from what little you see it makes the rest of your legs look good," James countered. "You look GOOD, I promise." Katie nodded, smiling a little. "What else ya got?" Katie giggled and went back to her culmination of shirts. She came- well strutted- out in a flowing pink tank.

"Ya like?" She teased, twirling. James nodded. They went like that for about fifteen minutes.

"Well that was fun," Katie sighed, leaving to put things back.

"Hold up what are you doing?" James asked, taking the things he knew she loved.

"Um, putting things away," She said condescendingly. "I can't get them today."

"Uh, yeah, you can," James argued. "Please?" Katie was kinda shocked.

"Um, just one," She said, pulling her favorite out of the stack in her hand; the pink tank. She wasn't used to this.

"Good, that was my favorite," James smirked, going to buy the top. Katie sighed, checking her phone. It was only noon, they had plenty of time to kill. "Where to next?" James asked, coming back over. Katie thought for a minute.

"Rue 21?" She asked with a smile.

*048*2013-05-06 00:18

I could depress you with the fact that updates are gonna be few and far between now, but I won't. :) Instead I'll excite you by telling you I'm putting FOUR chapters in this update! :D enjoy.

Episode 72: Super secret sexy punishments. ;3

"Rue 21?" Katie asked shyly. James nodded, leading the way.

"So, what are you gonna wear to the party tonight?" James asked, realizing too late what had come out of his mouth.

"The WHAT?! I told you guys no party!" Katie whined.

"Ah ah ah, you also promised Kendall you'd do SOMETHING," James reminded. Katie sighed, trapped.

"And you knew about this the whole time?!" She demanded. James hesitantly nodded. "You're gonna pay for that later."

"Oh please I'm a grown man," James taunted.

"We'll just see," Katie said, strutting in to the store. She immediately went to the dresses, knowing the clothes here looked better on her.

"Hey what about this?" James asked, holding up a teeny neon pink bikini that said "hot stuff" on the back.

"Oh you'd look great in that!" Katie said confidently. "I mean I'D never wear anything like that, but you go right ahead." James put the thing back, annoyed, while Katie picked up a shirt. "What do you think of this?"

"I still say you should wear the bikini," James said in a sing-song voice. Katie rolled her eyes, picking up a few more things before going to try them on.

"So what am I in for this time?" James asked hesitantly, waiting for Katie to emerge.

"Just wait and find out," She answered, throwing a spotless white dress over her head. She emerged, beaming. "What do you think?"

"I think I should keep my mouth shut because you'll slap me if I say what I'm thinking," James said, drooling. Katie smirked before changing into her next selection. James just about went insane at how hot this little girl looked.

"Alright, punishment time," Katie said with a smirk as they left with her haul. James groaned, wondering how bad it could really be. When Katie stopped again, it was in front of every teenage boys nightmare; Victoria's secret.

Episode 73: Lacy, floral, with a wild side. xD

"Come on now," Katie said, literally dragging James in.

"Why do you hate me?" He moaned.

"Oh grow up," Katie muttered. "Consider it penance for that little bikini joke." James sighed as an older woman with a flat chest came over to help.

"Ah, what can I do for you two?" She asked.

"I'm looking for something to amuse my boyfriend, but every time I get something in my size it never fits," Katie explained. The woman smiled at James.

"Here to help her pick eh?" She said, clearly thinking James was her boyfriend.

"Oh no this is his best friend," Katie quickly explained. "We... made a bet."

"Oh, okay then, let me just measure you real quick," She said, wrapping her tape measure around Katie's ribs. "Alright, I think a double D should do the trick, come with me. Now what kind of bra were you looking for?"

"Something that doesn't push, but really flirty, maybe some lace?" Katie explained.

"Ah, here we go," the woman said. "Everything that would fit you would be here, have fun and let me know if you need anything else." James glared at Katie.

"Oh shut up and help me pick," Katie sighed. "Now zebra and lace, or cheetah?"

"Zebra," James said. "Although I think you'd look better in a floral lacy thing." Katie turned around, a little shocked.

"And you'd know this because...?"

James shrugged. "You just look better in floral in whatever you wear," He answered. Katie blushed.

"Okay penance served, let's get out of here," She whispered, trying to tug James along.

"Ah ah ah, you need something to surprise him with when he gets back," James taunted. Katie ducked her head in slight embarrassment. She couldn't believe that she was underwear shopping with JAMES, and he was enjoying it.

"Fine, but YOU have to judge," She grumbled, grabbing a few bras and some matching panties. She had someone find her a dressing room and shoved James inside. He politely turned around as Katie undressed. "Alright, what about this one?" She asked. James turned around to see a navy bra with intricate hearts on the cups, a teeny bit of lace at the top of it.

"Hmm, too girly," He judged, turning back around. It was then his bladder suddenly made itself known. Katie slipped the current bra off, trading it for a bright red with black lace on the bottom.

"How's this?" Katie asked. James turned around.

"I-it's good," He stuttered, trying to control his body by squirming. "Um, do you mind finishing up or can I leave?"

"Go ahead, I'll meet you in the food court," Katie said softly, noticing James tensing. James breathed a sigh of relief, shouting a thanks as he darted out of the changing room. Katie sighed, worried about him. She tried a few more things on before settling on a bra and some more exotic panties. She went to pay, remembering she had Gustavo's credit card as a present from them, and left to the food court to find James, hoping he had made it. She looked around a little when he phone went off. It was a text from James.

Episode 74: Foooood. :P

Katie opened the text.

Hey, I made it. Just gimme a few minutes.

Katie let out a sigh of relief, texting back. K. little TMI there, but I'll be waiting by Chinese food. She sat down at a table, waiting patiently.

"Alrighty, James is back, let the party begin!" He shouted to announce his presence.

"Chill there bronco," Katie giggled. "What do you wanna do now? It's almost one thirty."

"Well I dunno about you but I'm STARVING," James said, pretending to fall into the chair out of weakness.

"Well we should fix that then," Katie tittered. "What do you want?"

"Chinese!" James answered. "It's calling to me." Katie laughed, going up to order her food, James following behind her. They paid for it and sat back down at their previous table. "So where are we going after this? I say forever 21."

"Nooo," Katie whined. "I hate that store."

"Why? They have some really hot stuff in there," James countered.

"They never carry anything in my size," Katie whispered, fiddling with her rice unhappily.

"Okay then, how about the book store?" Katie perked up, nodding eagerly. James chuckled. She was so cute. They finished, James grabbing an extra large Coke before they left.

"That's gonna go straight through you," she warned. James just shrugged, leading the way, enjoying the huge smile that crossed Katie's face when she entered.

"Where to first?" He asked.

"Graphic novels!" Katie answered softly, finding them right next to the magazines. She skimmed the titles, finding her series quickly, opening the book and reading the intro.

"I'll be at the magazines," James said, going over and grabbing a copy of Men's fashion monthly. Katie giggled, hugging the book she had to her chest before going over to the young adult section to see if anything would catch her eye. For once something did; A novel about a girl who ran a secret blog about her life, and the adventures she encountered. She opened it up and began to read it, deciding on it then and there. She grabbed a package of pencils before going back to James.

"Ready!" She squeaked. James nodded, following her to the register. "Where to next? You pick."

"Hmm," James thought for a minute. "Hot topic?" Katie nodded, following next to James. He had drained his cup by the time they arrived, making Katie nervous.

"Alright, you lead the way," She said quietly. James smiled, marching ahead, knowing exactly what he wanted and where it was.

"Anything catch your eye?" He asked, skimming over the shirts. Katie shook her head, her mind wandering. James got what he wanted and he went back over to Katie. "We need to find you something to wear tonight."

"Ugh, is there any way I could get out of that?" Katie groaned.

"Nope, and Camille would be crushed if you didn't go, she's been working on it for weeks," James said.

"Fine," Katie grumbled. "Is it at least something I'll enjoy?"

"Oh yeah," James said, tugging Katie along. "But that's ALL I'm saying." Katie sighed.

"Where are we even going?" Katie asked.

Episode 75: Ker-sploosh!

"You'll see," James said with a wink. He finally stopped in front of Penny's. "Alright, let the party-outfit hunting begin!" Katie groaned as she walked in.

"How formal is this outfit gonna have to be?" She asked.

"Not formal in the least, just something to have fun in," James said.

"Well then why can't I just wear some jeans and my favorite T-shirt?" Katie whined.

"Because then I wouldn't have an excuse to keep you here while they get ready for everything," James reasoned, the coke now nagging at his bladder.

"Ugh. Alright, how about this?" She held up a top with big navy and fuschia stripes, it was too long for a top but too short for a dress.

"I like it," James said, squirming a little. Katie didn't notice and went on to find some jeans. "H-hey, do you think we'll be done soon?"

"Maybe, I just gotta find the right size jeans," Katie said, looking at the size/style guide for the third time. "Why?"

"No reason," James said, still squirming. Katie saw him dancing out of the corner of her eye but elected not to bring it up, thinking he'd just leave since they were in a department store. James did leave as she found a few pairs, but came back too quickly.

"Ya know what I have some jeans at home," Katie said, knowing how quickly things were going to escalate. She knew how bad it ended when caffiene came in to the picture with someone who always had to pee. James nodded, still dancing in place, trying not to grab at his crotch as much as he knew it would help. "Come on." Katie payed for the top and tugged James out of the store, sighing in frustration. The closest bathroom was Macy's, and she didn't think James could make it that far.

"We gotta get to Macy's bud," she said, quickly taking his hand as they made a sort of dash. James gasped and stopped about half-way; he had started, and it took everything for him to be able to stop, and not without a huge spot on the front of his jeans. He grabbed himself, afraid to move for fear of losing it all.

"James we have to keep going," Katie whispered, tying her jacket around his waist.

"I-I don't think I can make it," He said, tears in his eyes.

"We have to try at least, there are less people in there anyways," Katie pleaded. She knew it was going to happen, but she had to try and conceal him as much as possible.

"I can't do it," James choked out. Katie looked around; there wasn't much option. before she could even make a move though, James began to sob; he'd lost it. His jeans instantly flooded with warmth, the huge mark spreading from the front of his jeans straight down his legs, ending in a huge puddle by his feet. When his river ran dry he looked up at Katie. "Help."

*049*2013-06-18 01:36

I FINALLY HAVE AN UPDATE FOR THIS STORY!!!! :D:D:D Two actually. :P SO I'LL STOP TALKING SO YOU CAN READ!!!

Episode 76: Aw shit that wasn't supposed to happen.

"Help," James pleaded, looking at Katie, still sobbing. She looked around. they were halfway between department stores, one of which was too expensive to get new clothes and the other without a working bathroom. Then she remembered James had bought jeans, all he needed was underwear and a place to change.

"Just stay behind me," She said. James followed close as Katie led them to Macy's, noticing everyone who stared and whispered. When they got to the store, Katie quietly asked the lady at the make-up desk where the bathrooms were, thanking her when she finished.

"We almost there?" James whispered, getting cold.

"Almost, I promise," Katie assured him, stopping when they arrived. "I'll be right here waiting, I promise."

"Um, I need boxers," James whispered blushing.

Katie nodded. "What size?"

"Large," James answered. "I'll wait here." Katie nodded, getting the underwear quickly and returning. James took them and the bag from Hot Topic and went in to the bathroom to change. Katie sighed. She felt awful that this kept happening to James. He didn't deserve it. He finally emerged, in his new jeans, handing Katie her jacket back. He sank down next to her, laying his head on her shoulder as he began to cry.

"Shhh," Katie whispered, turning so she could hug him. "It's gonna be okay."

"I hate this!" James sobbed. "I hate that I can't control how desperate I am and when... I just hate it!"

"Shh, James," Katie said. "I know how embarrassing that was. Didn't someone ever tell you about that time at Rocque records before I found out I was pregnant?"

"N-No," James whimpered.

"It happened to me, and in front of Kendall," Katie whispered so only James could hear.

"B-but it's different, y-you like it," He sobbed.

"No, not always. To be honest, I was really quite humiliated by it. But... Kendall made it all better. He made something so embarrassing so beautiful."

"And how is this gonna be beautiful?" James asked, the tears finally starting to ebb.

"Think of what happened last night, or what's gone on between us before when it happened. How easy it was to forget. Or... or do you need me to do something now?" Katie asked.

".....Model something for me?" He asked. "Just make me smile."

"Okay then, come on," She said. She had the best idea in her head, knowing just how to get James to smile. She tugged him along in the opposite direction of where the incident happened. "You like feet right?"

"Oh yeah," James said with a smile. Katie tugged him inside Payless. "Especially in heels."

"Alrighty then, I've been needing some new wedges anyways," She said, hunting down the isle with her size. "Help me pick?"

"Chyeah," James said, looking over the selections. "Hmm, these, these, ooh, definitely these, oh and these." Katie smiled, taking off her flip-flops and slipping on the heels.

"How do these look?" She asked, strutting around in her sparkly, three inch platforms.

"Mmmm, I like it," James said, drooling. "These next." Katie obeyed, modeling until her feet hurt.

"Alright, lemme grab some sandals and we can go," She said. "You need anything before we keep going?" James shook his head, following her. "Alright, you think we could go get some jeans?"

"Yup, and I know a good place," James smirked. Katie smiled, following behind him. They arrived at a LEVI store. "Nothing but jeans." Katie smiled.

"Thanks," she said softly, going in.

"What kind did you want?" James asked, looking over the women's selections.

"Something skinny and red, with sparkles if you can?" Katie said. "Probably a fifteen in size."

"Hmm, these work?" James said, holding exactly the pair Katie had in mind. They were a bright red, and they had some sparkles around the bottom to look like cuffs, and the back pockets were bedazzled.

"PERFECT!" Katie squealed. James smiled his perfect smile, and handed them to Katie to try on.

He watched her walk off, his phone ringing; it was Camille.

"Hey," he said. "Listen I'm really sorry-"

"James it's fine," Camille answered. "Is she better now?"

"Yeah, she's trying on Jeans," James explained. "Is it time?"

"Yup, finish and head home," Camille ordered. James smiled to himself; she was gonna love this surprise.

