Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 20

Author: Alexxx

*483*2015-02-06 06:40

(Hey! Sob story below. For now, here's an actual, real update! ohmygodI'msosorry)

###

Sandy twirled Oxygen’s ball on the tip of her finger. “My methods may be better explained with Nova than with Oxygen. Care to trade?”

The competitive side of me wanted to push for what we previously arranged – random was random, and fair was fair – but a larger part wanted to understand Sandy’s method.

Reluctantly, I tossed Nova’s Pokeball across the field, and she tossed Oxygen’s. "Ready?"

"Naturally! Go, Myst!"

"Go, Static!"

“Wow. That was…” Sandy held her head, blinking slowly. “Really?”

I held my hands out defensively. “What?”

“You beat the Elite four. I thought, I don’t know, that you’d be a bit more…” Sandy waved her hands in the air helplessly. “I mean, here I was, not just thinking, but knowing you wouldn’t use Static first because that would be so…so obvious. I figured that was the only constant in this little game, because you would think using him quickly would but you at a disadvantage, and be too predictable. And then you send him out first!”

I smirked. “All part of my plan!”

“Bullshit! I put so much though, I-, augh!” Sandy crushed her hand into a fist, grinding her teeth. "Whatever! Myst, ready a Sucker Punch!"

"Static, c-" I bit my tongue, instantly caught off guard. Static only knew offensive moves! "Err, return!"

"Hah." Sandy smirked. Static bounded back to the sidelines, shooting me a confused expression.

"Go, Skarr!"

"There we are." Sandy purred, her eyes gleaming with the confidence of a battle already won. "Myst, duplicate yourself and prepare for a dark pulse. Defense over offence."

"Skarr, Toxic!"

A single feather doused in purple venom slid from Skarr’s reflective down. "I still find this entire experience both outlandish and uncouth, for the record…"

Myst replicated herself, slowly creating more and more. Their forms shifted like a water color painting as she began losing control of her copies as they blurred into shadows of red and black.

From somewhere a dark pulse blasted in Skarr, but it bounced off almost harmlessly. "I do, however, admire our ability to finally place our minds in conflict. You seem to be a worthy opponent."

"Hardly!" Myst shot back from somewhere in the woods. "Your only attacks harm yourself, or use toxins. As long as I continue avoiding both, you have no chance against me."

"You assume you’ve avoided me?" Skarr smirked, brandishing a clean, almost surgical blade devoid of poison.

"…Shit!" Myst cursed, after a pause of retaliation.

Skarr began healing himself. "Replicating yourself and turning your true form invisible was advice that Josh gave to you per my advice, dear. You may have agility and creativity," Skarr stood straight, smiling at nothing. "But a cunning edge was always my domain."

"Rraaagh!"

A blast of darkness crashed against Skarr, and then another, unrelenting. Skarr barely moved, refusing to dodge in favor of healing. A protective down held up for a few moments, and then slowly, the darkness surrounding the battlefield began to flicker and fade, and an exhausted Myst stood in the center, panting.

"D-damnit…" She growled, falling onto a paw, and shooting a glare at Sandy. "Why would you have me fight him!? Static or Nova I could have taken! He was the only one who could resist my attacks!"

"Hmmm?" Sandy looked up, feigning distraction. "Oh, I was just thirsty."

Fatigue replacing rage, Myst gave one last look of loathing towards my seemingly careless companion. The thrill of victory was short lived; I knew Sandy would never unintentionally make such an error. There was a bigger game here, and I felt it in Myst’s glare.

Sandy grabbed a shot glass filled to the brim, and downed it wordlessly. Somehow, seeing her willingness to lose filled me with even more trepidation.

###

"Go, Nova!"

Skarr said nothing, but I could feel anxiety creep into his mind. As much as Skarmory were practically bred for defense, special attacks were not their, nor his, strong suit. Though he may be able to shrug off dark type attacks, Nova’s attacks would be significantly more effective.

I turned to Skarr. "We’re gonna play this out. I’m not sure what she’s planning, but I think it’s bigger than a simple type advantage. Standard strategy, Toxic then Roost."

"Noted."

"Nova, use Dragon Pulse!"

Nova drew in a deep breath of fire, then coughed violently, suppressing it. "W-wait, Dragon Pulse? But, but fire against steel-"

Sandy tilted her head, giving Nova an icy stare. "Did I stutter?"

Nova blinked, caught between his what he knew to be the correct choice and the choice his ‘trainer’ had chosen for him. He drew a breath, and fired a burst of power, cleaving in half as it struck Skarr’s reflective exterior.

Skarr rushed forward, poisoned blade clutched in a wing, and struck at the confused dragon. Nova twisted in the air, barely flipping over Skarr in an impressive aerial display.

Nova drew a large, white-hot breath while Skarr fell, disoriented by Nova’s sudden burst of agility.

"I didn’t instruct you to dodge or to attack."

Nova, again, choked on his next attack, his eyes flickering from white to a confused, startled blue. "W-what? You don’t have to tell me to dodge, that’s just something, that’s just what I’m expected to do!"

"You’re worse than I am at seeing openings and retaliating. Don’t question my judgment."

Skarr took the moment of confusion to prick Nova with the blade, opening a slide down the center of his chest.

Sandy frowned, placing her hand to her head. "See what you’ve done?"

"I just, I don’t, that wasn’t…!" Nova yelped, face turning scarlet with bewilderment and doubt.

"It’s fine – I’ll just use another Pokémon later." Sandy waved off his concern.

"NO! I mean, I can still, we can still do this, I just, I don’t understand your-"

Skarr clipped Nova with a wing, sending him to the floor. Nova shot Skarr an abashed, discombobulated look, sprawled across the floor with his tail twisted around his leg.

"We are still battling." Skarr shrugged helplessly.

Sandy sighed. "Just…stay there, and try don’t mess anything else up."

Nova shook in place, his instincts screaming to jump, dodge, or attack. Skarr stood awkwardly above him, health pristine, and having no need to participate further expect to watch the poison slowly deplete Nova of his hit points.

Nova slowly grew weaker, constantly shooting looks back at Sandy to ensure what he was doing was correct. His breathing became more ragged, and once more, he turned to Sandy for assurance.

Sandy rolled her eyes. "What do you want, a cookie? Yes, you’re lying on the ground correctly. Want to fight so badly? Use Outrage then."

Nova blinked, standing up on shaky limbs. "T-the recoil…"

"There is no recoil with Outrage, just a risk of eventual confusion, and frankly, you’re an expendable risk regardless."

Nova stood in place, attempting to summon the energy for such a move, but his eyes began to fade with doubt and insecurity.

Skarr shook his head. "This feels wrong, Josh."

"Ethnically, or strategically?"

Skarr turned his head, his eyes narrow, and his beak turned down. "…Both."

Nova fell, overcome with the toxins.

"Finally." Sandy shook her head, drawing another Pokeball.

###

"Mew. It is a pleasure and a privilege to be on this side of the battlefield with you." Sandy spoke eloquently, bowing to the pink Ancient.

Mew turned, sporting an eyebrow. "My thanks, though I sense my friends do not feel similarly."

"They fear you, on this side of the field."

"Fear…no. That isn’t it."

"Taste it, then. Sense it with your mind. Not just on the obvious level; there lies doubt, confusion, and a plethora of other emotions. Deeper." Sandy commanded. "Past the memories, past the personalities, to their core. To the animalistic centers you and you alone created. To the paths of genealogy you inspired and cultivated over eons, to the mental pathways you have nurtured. Feel the planet under your feet, Mew. The planet you have grown. The planet you have farmed, not for riches, but for beauty, love, and experience. Feel the art in the air, and the memories of you kin. Feel your creations, Mew."

Mew vibrated in the air, captivated by Sandy’s speech. "I did not create these creatures, nor myself. I was a mere thought placed into creation by a being much more powerful then comprehension."

"And where are they then, the Arceus? Was it not you who defended this planet, and who gave lives, endures, to securing its protection? Who sacrificed sacred memories, time, forms, personalities, and stripped away everything they were to defend what you stood for? Who gave up the longing for another to defend what was pure? Who could do that, and still resemble their ideals, Mew?"

"A god." Mew clenched his fist, the energies fluctuating between ice, fire, and nature.

"Prove yourself. You do not feel fear, do you, Mew? These creatures do not fear your power, your conviction, and your vision for the world. Prove yourself to them. Crush them, with the might only a god can wield!"

Mew’s eyes glowed white, and the forest around us reverberated with power. Roots of trees broke from the ground, and Pokémon and animals alike fled from the area, as fast as their limbs could travel.

Skarr gulped and turned to me, the same, reptilian feeling of terror washing over us. "Josh…?"

"Poison him. Quickly, before he obliterates the entire team." I ordered, praying this was still a game.

###

In an instant, a crater was all that was left of the poor, poor patch of grass where Skarr stood. Skarr dashed forward, in no way impervious to the torrent of metaphysical fire that blasted forth from Mew’s mind. His feathers curled and melted at the sudden heat, and even I had to shield my eyes from the intense flames.

Skarr stood, blackened and exhausted, holding what was left of what used to be a pristine, sharpened feather.

"The tenacity of your species has always impressed me, Skarmorry." Mew observed, tracing a thin purple scar down his abdomen.

"I aim to please." Skarr growled, a thin trail of smoke forming from his mouth as he attempted to summon enough energy to heal himself. A simple backhand from Mew was enough to knock him to the ground, and deem him incapable of battle.

"Would you care for a drink, Mew?" Sandy held up a cup of a clear, bubbly substance. "This should take care of that unnecessary affliction before it becomes problematic. Lum Screwdriver."

Static gave me a sideways glance. "What did she just do, Josh?"

I watched as Mew downed his beverage, and the purple color faded from his coat. "She just made things a whole lot harder, Stat…"

###

Author's note: So........I have some explain to do, don't I?

This semester at school has been significantly harder on me than most. At first, it stared with a minor setback, just a 'I'll miss a week and get back into it' sort of thing, but it quickly snowballed into something much worse. Before I knew it, I had to drop out of my volunteer work as well, and drop all literary subjects just to keep my head above water. One class alone had due dates four days a week, with classwork requiring 4-5 hours outside of class per assignment.

I've always had an anxiety disorder, but this pushed me to the limit. I cracked, pretty bad. Sought therapy, and did everything I could to maintain my classes, as this was my last year at college. Classes got harder towards the end of the semester. I got a cough, but I ignored it. It got worse, but I had finals to deal with, and I needed those grades.

Finals ended. A little cough got worse, to the point where I couldn't sleep anymore. Finally got admitted to the hospital -- turns out I had pneumonia. I was hospitalized for awhile, and when I finally got out, I wasn't allowed to leave my house. I was exhausted all the time.

BUT, this story has a happy ending.

During one of the most stressful semesters of my life, I managed to create an honorable mention for my universities 'Game of the Year' award for one of my classes. I was also selected to travel to San Francisco and pursue my dream of becoming a game designer and game writer. Right now, I'm in an apartment in CALIFORNIA writing this to all you amazing, patient, wonderful people.

So, what are you going to do now?

Right now, I'm going to finish this section in all of it's desperate, crotch-holding glory, but after that, I think this story deserves a nice long rest. I love Josh and his companions, but I think it's time for me to pursue other works in my industry. You have all been amazing to me, more than I could ever deserve, and I can't thank you enough for this journey. You have all made me the writer I am today.

"3

Stay tuned for next week's update!

*490*2015-02-13 06:07

{{: 

Well it's nice to see a new update. Too bad it didn't really have any omo in it.

}}

(Let's change that, shall we? :3)

###

I grabbed another glass of the dangerously sweet amaretto mixture and downed it. Originally I had sent out Static to combat Mew, but after a fake-out, he was out cold. It took me two shots to reconsider my strategy, and another three shots to take Mew out with Oxygen. It finally ended with Mew paralyzed, and Oxygen being able to attack him twice, once for having the speed advantage, and once for being able to withstand a hit, unlike Static.

Oxygen licked the sour juice from the corner of his mouth, and wiped it with a fist. "Who’s next?"

"Please don’t provoke her." I begged, my thoughts already becoming fogged. "You’ve already fainted twice…"

"So what say you, Josh?" Sandy grinned, tossing Mew’s Pokéball up and down. "How’re ya feeling?"

At the cost of a single revival, she can bring Mew back, with a conversion rate of three to one, not including…

Not, um…

Not…

I held my head and grimaced. " Fantastic."

Come on, you’re better than this.

Conversion rate of 3:1 in reference to the amount of drinks that she is consuming to mine, with myself at the disadvantage.

Augh…

Sandy turned, returning Mew to her belt. "Tell you what. This game isn’t meant to be a battle of attrition. Tell me how you’re really feeling, and I’ll fight with another Pokémon."

I need that. This current battling strategy is in no way sustainable.

"Fine." I nodded. "I’m…well, I don’t feel much of anything, to be honest. Thinking is harder, and I, well…" I shrugged, looking away. "I have to pee."

Sandy rested her chin on her hand. "Go on."

"W-what do you mean?"

"Details, man. You’ll talk for hours analyzing the tiniest things, and now you just want to leave it at that? Come on, man! Ex-trap-o-late." She smirked, enunciating each syllable.

"Uh…" I gulped, resorting to normal speech. “Getting, um, I suppose I’m fidgeting a bit. I’m not used to drinking, obviously, so…I think it’s going through me faster than I anticipated.”

Talking about it made the feeling worse. I was already feeling quite full, and the shots didn’t help any. Under normal circumstances I would’ve been looking for a restroom, but I wasn’t in any danger of leaking yet. Just…just a bit twitchy. With any luck I could turn the tides (if you’ll excuse the metaphor) now that she had stopped using Mew.

"Continue." Sandy commanded, rolling Mew’s Pokéball between her fingers.

I growled. “You’re really getting off on this, aren’t you?”

"In all honestly, I figure I’d rather give you a chance to appease me by doing this rather than blacking out or throwing up. Five shots in five minutes is going a bit fast, even by my terms."

“Ah, feeling charitable then?”

"You’re not the kind to forfeit, and I’m not the kind to let you win, so I’m willing to handicap myself in order to…" Sandy bit her lip in thought, searching for the right term. "Achieve other ends. Now, if you would be so kind?"

I sighed, readying my lexical finesse. "When I was at school, we had different subjects stretched out for the day, from seven in the morning until three in the afternoon. Besides lunch, we only had three minutes between subjects to grab our books, get to class, and if we needed to, get to the bathroom.

"Well, one day, we had a big biology test. My science teacher at the time was pretty strict, and if you got to class late, well, he didn’t let you in the door. In this case, that meant you wouldn’t be able to take the test, and you would automatically fail.

"Now, for lunch that day, I was being paid to tutor some of my friends in statistics. I had already cut some time off because I was hungry, so I didn’t have any time to relieve myself for the day. So, when 12:45 rolled around, I had to run to biology test, no stopping, no breaks."

Sandy attempted to look disinterested, eyeing her fingernails. "Bet you were pretty desperate at that point?"

I winced. "Yeah. It wasn’t terrible, not yet -- it was winter, so it wasn’t that hot out, and I hadn’t been drinking a ton that day. But at the same time, I was…well, I did need to go. What made it worse was the fact that the test was just pure memorization, and I finished in ten minutes, with thirty-five minutes in the class remaining. Like I said, our teacher was strict, and didn’t allow for us to draw, or read, or do anything else to distract ourselves."

Sandy nodded, realizing where this was going. "And you couldn’t simply ask him to use the restroom, because-"

"-That’s what the three minute breaks were for." I answered. "So I had nothing to do but look at the clock. It wasn’t that bad at first, but as time grew on, all I could do was just squirm in my seat, trying to distract myself with anything but the fact that I needed to pee. The first ten minutes were agonizing, and be reminded – I was a senior! I can’t be seen squirming around my class, I’m not a child, and I tutored in my grade in math! I was practically a teacher in their eyes. I couldn’t be seen in a compromising state, plus, people were taking a test, so I had to be super quiet.

"After ten minutes, it was just agony. I remember pressing my legs together, crossing them, leaning forward, but if anything it just made it worse. I remember shifting, biting my finger to try to distract myself.

"After an eternity I finally got out of there, but I still had one subject remaining. I knew I was dangerously close to losing it, but I also knew couldn’t get my books, go to the bathroom, and make it to class on time, so…"

"So?" Sandy waved forward, urging me to go on. "What happened?"

I laughed. "That’s not important. But anyway, picture me right before my Biology test. That’s where I am now.

"There, I extrapolated. You good?"

Sandy nodded slowly, grabbing another Pokéball from her belt. "Yeah, that was, that was some good…explanation. I’ll, uh, let you get by with that."

"Cool. Send out your next Pokémon then."

"Hmmm?" Sandy blinked, then shook her head violently. "Right! Go, Myst!"

I nodded to my nemesis turned comrade. "Oxygen, you ready?"

Oxygen cracked his wrists, burped loudly, then took a fighting stance. "Let’s do this!"

"Classy."

###

"Double Team, and Thunder when she’s in range."

"Got it." Oxygen nodded fiercely.

"Want to use me again?" Myst glared back at Sandy, who gave a dainty wave. "Finally quenched your thirst!?"

"Oh, don’t be so ridged. You can be more flexible, and open-minded than that, can’t you?"

Myst seethed with anger, her face flaring up to match her eyes. I was surprised that Sandy even knew about Myst’s disability – I didn’t remember ever discussing it with her.

Sandy continued, undeterred. "We need to work as a team; you can’t ask questions that put my back to a wall. You just have to learn to roll with the punches, and not let anything push you down-"

"I will slit your neck!" Myst roared, turning to face Sandy, her paws glowing with sharpened, black energy.

"Don’t let go of that energy!" Sandy commanded, quickly turning to face Oxygen. "Snarl, then Frustration!"

Myst turned, raging, and blasted Oxygen with a burst of sound. Oxygen flew backwards, catching himself with the tip of his paws, and righting himself. Another form of his bounced beside him, using his tail as a cord to slow his decent.

Myst screamed again, and a gray cloud began enveloping the field, with black shadows darting in and out, between the two combatants.

"I-I don’t know what she did, Josh!" Oxygen growled, trying to focus and strike her with a bolt of lightning. "I feel weak! What did she do to me!?"

"You couldn’t control all those forms before, could you, Myst?" Sandy through in a cool, collected whisper. "Now, you have the entire battlefield under your command. Breathe. Don’t let go of your fury, but don’t allow it to consume you. Focus."

The gray mist shifted and blackened, and two, ruby eyes glared at the battlefield. Oxygen’s eyes widened at the display, and tinier, life-sized Zoroark jumped and weaved their way through the larger, flowing black mist.

"She lowered your special attack." I gulped, answering Oxygen. "I…never thought her that move, or frustration. Whatever she’s doing, it isn’t something I know how to do."

"She’s using Myst’s anger." Oxygen shrugged, almost casually. "Wasn’t that the point of this? To have Myst get pissed and uses her powers to the fullest extent?"

I nodded. "Then we counter, with control. You know the risks of indulging our darker sides, and you came out a better Pokémon from it."

Oxygen nodded somberly and took an even stance, with his tail guarding his backside. "That I do."

"Then let’s demonstrate what her technique lacks. When she strikes, dodge and counterattack with Thunder."

Oxygen nodded, his eyes glazing over as he stopped using his vision to guide him, and instead, listened to the sounds and the vibrations of the ground and grass around him.

"I see her." He answered, and moved to strike.

###

(Thank you all for the support and comments! I love you all :3 "3)

*492*2015-02-20 04:34

{{: 

Good to be seeing updates again, Alexxx. Shame that the story will be ending soon, but at least it'll have an end!

}}

(Even when this ends, I'll keep up doing small little projects for you guys. I'm an interactive novelist, so an Omorashi game isn't off the table once my schedule clears up a bit; I'm currently working 14 hour days -- Urk...)

###

Oxygen dove forward, smashing into an invisible Zoroark and sending her sprawling across the grass. Her illusions shuttered, and the haze around the field shifted from gray to a deep, wine red.

Myst smashed into Oxygen from the side, sending him off balance with a burst of negative energy. Myst then continued the onslaught, kicking and punching Oxygen across the field, until suddenly he caught her by the fur on her neck.

"Two things you don’t learn while you’re angry. One, how to take a hit," Oxygen tossed Myst into the air, where she attempted to right herself. "And two, to quit while you’re ahead!"

He then smashed her with the brunt end of his tail, and in an instant, all the illusions and the haze of the field shattered into nothingness.

Myst hurtled to the floor, bounding off the impact, and tumbled to a stop. She blinked, her eyes glinting with exhaustion and rage.

"Quick attack!" I ordered.

"Sucker Punch!"

Oxygen rushed her with supernatural speed, but just as he reached her she practically teleported to the other side, and slashed him with an open claw. He flew backwards from the impact, landing badly, yet on both legs, and pounced back at Myst, clocking her in the jaw.

Myst crumpled, and Oxygen fell on three limbs beside her.

He panted, then punched the ground, forcing himself to stand.

"A measured, controlled response is better than one inspired by anger." I growled. "That’s why trainers don’t go provoking their Pokémon before a fight."

Sandy shook her head. "Josh, Josh. You’re still not seeing the point of all of this, but that’s alright. I saved the best for last."

I shot her a questioning squint, but she just smirked in return.

"Go, Nova!"

"Return, Oxygen. Go, Static!"

###

(Sandy POV)

Static hopped to Josh’s side, but stumbled hard into his leg. Josh shot him a worried look, but Static waved him off with a paw. "I’m fineee."

"How many rounds did you go with Mew?"

He winced, trying to remember back that far. "T…three?"

Josh struggled with some math. "Okay, I think you’re at about .012 blood alcohol content then…you should be okay…go with the standard set, and try not to do anything fancy."

"I’m always fancy!" He shot Josh my best carefree grin. "Plus I have a type thingy with flying. I got this!"

I reached into my pocket, feeling a small smooth stone inside. I felt as if I had made my point, but I needed Nova to really help drive it home. This was a delicate moment – Josh was already on edge, and I risked quite a bit with this, but I would risk more to help him become a better trainer. Worthy of one day facing me, on even ground.

I took a short breath, steadying myself.

"Sandy?" Nova asked, turning back and giving me a wary, concerned glance. "Are you…going to tell me what do to?"

"No." I shrugged, "You’re my last Pokémon; we’ve already lost."

Nova glared at the floor beneath me. "I-I’m not that bad! Josh always fights to the end, whether he wins or loses; why do-"

"That’s because he’s naive." I spat. Josh grit his teeth, but quickly concealed his anger. "His pity towards Pokémon like you has nearly killed him more than once. Fighting with you would be worse than useless, it would be a waste of my time."

"Dude, your girlfriend is a bitch." Static whispered.

Josh shook his head slightly, silencing Static.

"I’m not useless." Nova countered, turning to Sandy for confirmation. "I helped Josh beat the Elite Four. I helped knock out Mewtwo. I helped Josh defeat you!"

"Josh’s victories, not yours." I corrected.

Nova shook his head. "No! My entire life I’ve felt like a burden, but I know I can hold my own. You’re wrong! I’m just as strong as Ov-Oxygen, or Skarr, or Static!"

Static grinned. "Well, let’s not get too carried away there…"

Nova let loose a burst of flames, which Static narrowly avoided with a yelp.

"You think you could possibly match the rest of Josh’s team?" I asked. "You think there was a point where you ever had what it took?"

"I know it." Nova responded, his eyes growing white.

"Go prove it."

###

(Josh POV)

Nova roared, expelling another burst of fire, which Static barely dodged. Nova crashed down and swiped at Static, causing Static to fall backwards, effectively dodging Nova’s attack. I flinched, unsure of whether that was intentional on Static’s side, but if Static made that mistake, his emotions didn’t reflect it.

Static pounced upwards, catching Nova off-guard with a Fake-Out, and then combed with a Thunderbolt. Nova howled, electricity convulsing across his wings as he shielded himself from Static’s series of attacks.

"This is how your prove yourself?" Sandy droned.

Nova ground his teeth, pushing through Static’s attack and buffeting Static with a wing. Static bounced backwards, right into the path of Nova’s claw, which Static narrowly avoided by stumbling to the side.

"C’mon buddy!" Static slurred, wobbling in place. "You can do it! I’ll stand still for ya, how’s that?"

A draconic claw slashed into the ground right where Static was standing just a moment prior, and Static cackled, sprawled on his back behind it, his legs dangling in the air. Nova blasted the area with white-hot fire, and Static rolled to dodge, just missing the brunt force of the pressurized heat.

Is he intentionally dodging by as little as possible?

Static punched Nova in the gut, causing Nova to stumble backwards and miss Static again with a wild swipe. Static dove between Nova’s legs in an attempt to gain an amusing upper hand, but Nova smashed his foot into the ground, catching Static and entrenching the yellow mouse into three feet of dirt.

"Oh shi-"

"GRAAAAAAAAAAH!" Nova roared, incinerating Static with a blast of fire before impaling him on his sharpened claws. He flung Static’s lifeless body aside to my feet, where it was clear Static would not get up again.

I gulped, thankful that this wasn’t the Arena, and such brutal attacks didn’t hurt, or leave any lasting damage.

"Go, Oxygen!"

###

Oxygen bounded to the field, crashing his tail into the grass with a wave of sparks. Nova growled, eyeing Oxygen cautiously. They had only fought once before, and Nova had won, but at the time Nova was at full health, and it had been a narrow victory.

I calculated it would only take one electric attack for Oxygen to fell Nova, and put an end to this charade.

Upon my command, Oxygen duplicated himself, slowly eyeing Nova in turn. Oxygen also wasn’t at full health; though I had offered him two more drinks to recover his health, he only accepted one -- the concept of using artificial aid in battle still sat uneasily with him, and if he only wanted one I wasn’t going to push it.

One of the Oxygen’s swung at Nova with the wide arc of it’s tail, which Nova leapt over with the help of a quick beat of his wings. Using the aerial advantage, Nova scorched Oxygen with a wave of fire. That clone evaporated into a sea of dust as Oxygen dove at Nova from a nearby tree, missing him with the original attack, but catching him with the length of his tail, and latching on to his knee.

Nova realized this and dove to the ground, flipping around and using Oxygen’s own tail in a Seismic Toss. Oxygen hit the ground hard, disoriented, and Nova stood above him, drawing a breath to finish him off.

Oxygen then convulsed with power, sending a bolt of lightning crashing to the base of his tail, still wrapped around Nova’s leg. Nova went ridged, his wings forced to their complete length as Oxygen’s electricity bounded to his muscles.

Nova took a step backwards, and collapsed into the soil. Oxygen panted, unfurling his tail and standing triumphantly on the grass.

"Yeah, that’s pretty much what I figured." Sandy frowned.

Nova’s eye shot open, and his turquoise eyes suddenly melded to a dark, deep mauve. Oxygen turned in surprise, and got slammed with some type of purple force emanating from Nova’s body.

Oxygen caught himself just in time to watch another blast of energy emanate from Nova, this time ripping off the Charzard’s skin, revealing a deep black beneath. Two giant, jagged, horned wings tore away their old flesh, and blue fire erupted out of the dragon’s mouth as he screamed with supremacy.

"Finally." Sandy smirked, rubbing a small, smooth stone.

*498*2015-02-28 07:23

Oxygen reeled from the force of Nova’s strike, smashing against and cracking a large spruce tree. Oxygen flipped off and dove downward, just in time to see the entire pine tree explode in a fiery blaze, with a mixture of pine and ash clouding the air.

Oxygen cloned himself and ran in opposite directions around Nova, but with one mighty breath, Nova expelled a blast of heat into the ground, incinerating the area in a ball of energy. The real Oxygen was blasted backwards, dazed and burned, and fell to the ground.

Then, with a single paw, Oxygen jabbed the ground below, pushing himself off and rising back up. He looked terrible, and I knew he couldn’t take another hit, but Nova was also reaching his limit. Underneath the black Charizard’s unrestrained power, he was panting heavily, and each attack, while strong, looked sluggish and painful.

Oxygen growled, not having the strength for any banter. Nova, likewise, gave him a steady, violet glare.

I’m not sure a Quick Attack will have the force to knock out Nova, even at his current health, but Nova has always had a way with speed, and in this form any other move would knock out Oxygen before he could attack…

"Fire Blast!"

She forced my hand!

"Quick Attack!" I yelped.

Nova blasted forth a line of flame nearly twenty feet in diameter, just as what seemed like a fireball flew at him, bashing him in the chest before glancing off and falling to the floor.

Nova roared, turning to the offending, smoldering Oxygen, and placed his foot on the small of his back triumphantly.

It wasn’t enough. He dashed into the fire and managed to damage Nova before fainting, but it wasn’t enough.

"Oxygen, Return." I frowned solemnly. He had done his best.

"Convinced?" Sandy tittered. I ground my teeth – I refused to believe Nova’s power, and the power of the rest of my Pokémon were bound because I chose to treat them with respect.

"Go, Skarr!" I ordered, as my steel coated companion appeared at my side.

###

Despite his exhaustion, Nova kept up an appearance of constant movement – a moving target was, after all, harder to strike.

"All roided out, then?" Skarr tilted his head. "Sacrificing that keen, timid mind of yours for power? Is that your game?"

Nova growled, which sent tremors through the ground. "I assure you that I’m still in here, you mirror coated coward."

"Then you’ll know that you’ve lost. You may attack me, but any attack you send will not fell me. And all I need to do is brush you with this," Skarr held up a smooth, perfect feather. "And I’ve already won. No amount of dancing back and forth will get you out of this."

"I’ve got enough drive in me to last a round of poison." Nova grinned, widening the gap in his molars and expelling blue flames. "And I’m feeling particularly sure that you won’t last two bouts of dragon fire."

Skarr’s eyes widened in realization.

"He won’t." Sandy confirmed. "Flamethrower."

"Skarr! Brave Bird!"

All the anxiety in Skarr’s mind melted away as he saw the crazed wisdom of my order. His eyes narrowed as his wings flexed, pushing off the ground with supernatural speed and straight into the maw of the black Charizard. Nova blasted forth a burst of pressurized blue fire, which Skarr cleaved in half with his speed as he sped across the field, crashing into Nova with reckless abandon.

The fire had done a number to Skarr, and the resulting recoil from the attack left Skarr’s body tumbling lifelessly across the field like a ragdoll. Nova, likewise, fell to the floor, spirit willing, but body far too exhausted to continue fighting.

"Still…" Nova smirked, the violent fading from his iris as his eyelids slowly shut. "Three to one isn’t…too bad of a…fight…"

"You did well." Sandy whispered, her voice cracking somewhat as she returned Nova to her Pokeball.

###

"Unlike regular evolutions, which occur solely with either experience with fighting or with an external influence, Mega evolutions can only happen when a Pokémon has a strong tether, or ideal to hold on to." Sandy reiterated.

"Regardless," I shook my head, distraught. "I refuse to treat my Pokémon poorly just to do better during battles! That form of abuse-"

"You’re missing the point, Josh."

I was about to interrupt, hell, I was about to just walk away, but seeing Sandy’s pleading expression made me reconsider. Perhaps there was something more to this.

Sandy took a quick breath, her expression cautions, as she knew she was treading in dangerous territory. "Though in this case I…pushed…Nova rather extremely, more than most trainers reasonably should, I did so to demonstrate what he was holding back, even unintentionally. Nova’s biggest demon is his own insecurity. It’s his own feelings of inadequacy that, when pushed, makes his an incredible clutch fighter. It’s that ideal, that extreme aversion to failure, which makes him so powerful in combat. It’s the same way as Mew’s pride, and to a lesser extent, Myst’s frustration."

I sighed, realizing the truth of her claims. "But then what is the point? I’m never going to treat my Pokémon poorly simply to bring out their strengths."

"The point isn’t for you to push them, Josh. The point is for them to realize it for themselves. Yes, in large doses negative emotions and vices can consume us, but we were given them for a reason. They can make us stronger. You saw Nova’s last moments before he fainted – he was proud of himself."

At last, it clicked. "Instead of fighting his anxiety, instead of always trying to run away from his fears, he should embrace them because they are a part of who he is, and he can use that to strengthen himself."

"Yes!" Sandy exclaimed. "Exactly."

I sat down with the sudden realization. This whole time, hadn’t I made it a point to try to have Nova and the others conquer their demons? I even pushed Nova so hard right before the Elite Four, and he even explained that he still felt anxious. cg

And at the time, I didn’t understand.

"Don’t be so hard on yourself." Sandy smiled, offering me a hand which I graciously took. "You’re a great trainer. You rescued Nova from that hell-hole, you’ve been an amazing friend to Static, you let Skarr have his time when he needed it, you gave Oxygen another chance, you saved Myst from a troubling fate, and you saved the world."

I squinted at the last one. "I think that’s still up for speculation."

Sandy looked at the ground, before tapping it lightly with a food. "Still looks good to me."

"That’s a ‘denying the antecedent’ fallacy."

Sandy shrugged. "Anyway, you’re awesome, so don’t feel bad. Plus, you’re more fun to play with when you’re not gloomy."

"Fair. Should I send out my next Pokémon?"

Sandy shot me a look. "You lost."

I balked. "What? I can still, I haven’t lost yet!"

Josh, you’ve consumed seven drinks to my three. I just demonstrated that two of my Pokémon can defeat all three of yours. Should we continue this, it’s going to end up with you, passed out in a puddle of pee."

I narrowed my eyes. "And that isn’t how you want this to end up?"

"No." Sandy grinned sultrily. "I would prefer you to be awake, dying to pee until the very last second, with me there watching every second of the way."

"…Fair." I blushed.

"And now, with the victory settled and the champion declared, I say we continue a different game." Sandy declared, walking towards me with a gait full of impure intentions. "Tell me that physics story again, but this time…tell me how it ends."

I felt my bladder cringe…

###

(No chapter next week, on the count of GDC! If you see a tall, stuttering, brown-haired interactive novelist there, it might just be me! The story resumes the week after, with some well deserved desperation :3)

