Paper mario TTYD goombella omorashi

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-08-19 14:27

(This is only my 2nd story so sorry if it isn't to good, made by the-armored-toad of deviantart.com, and proofread-ed by the-irish-clover of deviantart.com. Enjoy)

After arriving to Rogueport, and a short time of talking to people on the docks, Mario was about to head towards the steps to town. “Hey! What do you want?!? Get away from me, freak!” someone shouted from the distance. Mario saw what appeared to be a female pink Goomba in a beige suit and red scarf that had blonde hair tied in a ponytail. She was also wearing miner’s helmet that had a light equipped on it.

Mario approached them in confusion and saw the Goomba girl being approached by two small men in red with black ‘X’ prints on their suits. The two men were being led by a larger person in a purple outfit with a black shirt that had a white ‘X’ print on it. He had horns too but they were being covered by the costume. “Oh, come off of it, you airhead! I know it’s tough for you, but don’t play dumb with me! I’ve seen you walking around town asking for information about the Crystal Stars. Well now I’m doing the asking, so be a good girl and tell us what you know! Right now!” the person in purple demanded.

“Never! I don’t have anything to say to you creeps! Eww!” the Goomba girl responded. “I suppose it wouldn’t be right if a sassy little lass like you met with an untimely demise. Buh! Buh! Buh huh huh! Boys, we’re taking this firebrand to our fortress!” the man in purple ordered. The others followed him. “As you command, Lord Crump, we’re on it!” the others said as the three of them began approaching the Goomba girl. “N-no! Stop right there! You weirdos! I’ll scream! Really!” she yelled while backing up a bit worried.

Mario saw it since he was nearby. As he approached the group, the Goomba girl saw him and ran behind him. “Like I’d go anywhere with smelly lunatics like you! Hmph! Not likely!” she said to them. Lord Crump looked at her and Mario in confusion. “Whuh? What do you think YOU’RE doing chump? You think you can screw up my plans?!” Crump shouted in anger. Mario jumped in surprise and looked around confused before he looked back to him. “Guh! It’s always something… looks like I’m going to have to give you a little taste of the old CRUMP-A-BOMB!” Crump shouted before charging at Mario and the Goomba girl to fight.

They both appeared on a stage. Mario looked even more confused as he turned to the Goomba girl. “Battle time, Mister Man! Just find a way to beat this freak of the week, okay? Don’t sweat the details, just jump on him and hit him with your hammer!” she said. Mario nodded and got ready to fight Lord Crump.

It was a simple and easy battle. After a few jumps and super counters, Lord Crump was defeated. He stood in front of them panting with his two partners behind him who just watched the fight. “Buh! Buh! Buh huh huh! Okay, you got a couple decent shots in, I’ll give you that,” Lord Crump stated. Mario sighed while easing up a bit thinking the fight was over, and the Goomba girl still was beside Mario. “But… unfortunately for you… that means… IT’S GO TIME!” he shouted. Just then an army of his men entered the area. A ton of them surrounded Mario and the female Goomba.

“PUNISH HIM!” Lord Crump shouted, and all his men began diving into a huge crowd attempting to attack them, but the Goomba girl just walked right out of the crowd that was distracted by the fighting and not even being harmed. “Quick! This way!” she said while standing outside the crowd that didn’t even seem to notice her just waltz by. Mario walked out of the crowd unharmed. “Phew… What a bunch of loons. Let’s just sneak out of here. What do you say?” she asked him. Mario nodded agreeing to it and they walked up the steps heading into town.

Once at the entrance, in front of what appeared to be a hanging post, Mario just shook it off. “Wow mister… you totally saved me! Thanks! I’ve just got to give you a little reward!” the Goomba girl said happily. She went up to Mario and gave him a light kiss on the cheek. Mario just took a step back and gulped, blushing a bit. He was just glad that Princess Peach didn’t see. “My name’s Goombella. I’m a student at the University of Goom. Nice to meet ya!” Goombella told him. They began exchanging gratitude and Mario explained who he was to her. Goombella gave a shocked response, not having expected him to have saved her.

After a while of talking, Goombella noticed something about him. “Hey uh, Mario, I hate to pester you, but I think your health is at least below half. I think we could use a night at the inn,” Goombella suggested, thinking Mario should rest to heal himself. He nodded and they immediately headed off to the inn. As they entered it they saw the first floor of the inn. It was a bar with some odd looking characters in it. They just ignored it and headed upstairs. Mario paid for one night at the inn, and he and Goombella climbed into bed and went to sleep.

Later that night, Goombella woke up and yawned. She saw on a clock that it was only 4am. She just shook herself awake before heading downstairs to the bar. She noticed that everyone had cleared out for the night, aside from one man in red that was passed out at a table. Goombella went up to the bar and sighed as she sat down. “Excuse me, do you have anything to help me sleep?” Goombella asked. The bartender gave her a Tasty Tonic, a blue drink with a red flower on it. She paid the bartender and began drinking it. After she finished drinking it Goombella began to feel sleepy again. She just yawned as she got up from the bar and headed back into bed like nothing happened.

Early the next morning, Goombella woke up and yawned. She sat up and saw a female toad fixing a bucket to catch water that was leaking through a crack in the ceiling. Goombella sat at a nearby desk and read a book while Mario was still asleep. Suddenly she felt a bit of pressure from her lower abdomen. Her bladder was reminding her that it was steadily filling from the Tasty Tonic she drank last night, but she ignored it and just continued reading, even though the water dripping from the ceiling and splashing into the bucket was a reminder only of her need for relief.

Goombella finally gave up and got up from her chair, putting her book away going over to the female toad who owned the inn trying to fix the ceiling. “Hey… um… excuse me, where is the bathroom?” Goombella asked her. “Downstairs in the bar,” she responded, continuing to work on the leaking roof. Goombella thanked her before heading downstairs.

Once downstairs, Goombella saw the bathroom door wide open, but someone had hunched over it, throwing up into the toilet after too much drinking. She just sighed irritated from her slowly growing need to relieve her bladder. To her annoyance she saw the man throwing up into the toilet, clearly from drinking too much. She just pushed her feet together and hopped a bit while starting to feel more and more desperate. Her bladder was filling more and more by the second, and the fact that a toilet was so close and she couldn’t use it just seemed to make her feel closer to releasing.

Goombella heard footsteps and saw Mario wide awake and ready to go. He questioned if she was ready too. Goombella didn’t want to tell him she had to use the bathroom, so she ignored it and followed Mario.

It didn’t take them long to get the map of the Crystal Stars marked with the help of Professor Frankly for where to go, but by the time the day had barely gotten to noon, and she was bursting for relief. Her swollen bladder constantly reminded her to go now. Mario and Goombella began walking through the other part of the Rogueport Sewers and had beaten the Giant Blooper. Mario began jumping across the platforms in the water to the warp pipe, but Goombella worriedly looked down into the water before she began jumping. Each time she jumped she had to crush her feet together to try and keep control of her bladder.

When Goombella got to the warp pipe she lost a few drips of urine into her panties. She was getting to desperate at this point to the thought she was considering telling Mario. As they entered the warp pipe they reappeared in a sunny field and could see what looked like a castle off in the distance. They climbed off the pipe, but Goombella was starting to find herself unable to stand still.

“T-this place looks nice…” Goombella said with her shrill voice. Mario looking at her slightly confused, but ignored it. Suddenly they felt the ground shake and they heard a loud roar. They saw a huge red dragon fly over them. They looked in shock, and the sight had scared Goombella as she began crossing her feet just having tears swell in her eyes. Her bladder felt like it was about to burst.

“M-Mario,” Goombella said trying to keep the composure the best she could. Mario turned around looking at her wondering what was wrong. “U-um… L-listen, I need to go to a b-bathroom, like right now,” Goombella said. The dragon startled her and the few drops of urine she leaked started to make her bladder want to release more, and she couldn’t handle it anymore. She saw a tall pipe off in the distance in a flower field. “W-wait here please!” Goombella pleaded him before she stumbled off, nearly tripping over her own two feet.

Once Goombella made her way behind the warp pipe, she sighed in relief and began to remove the lower clothing of her beige outfit. Before she could even pull it down another Goomba with a spike on its head spotted her and began charging. It tackled her and smashing her out of the hiding spot. “O-ow! Hey! Quit it!!” she screamed in shock and fear. Mario didn’t take long to hear as he rushed over and smashed the Spike Goomba with his hammer.

Goombella was knocked down. As she began sitting up, she felt a twinge in her bladder. She gulped and crushed her feet together. “O-oh nooooo!!” Goombella shouted as a wet spot began appearing on her suit. She began crying as she let out a torrent of urine that went through her beige suit. More urine began running down her legs and a puddle began to surround her.

Goombella could do nothing but stand there and let go. She relaxed as the feeling of relief began washing over her, and she let out a half moan, half cry. As she finished emptying her bladder she saw her soaked outfit and the puddle around her feet. She was very upset and kept on crying. Her beige suit had a big wet place on it now running up the front and bottom as well.

Mario just couldn’t help but look at her feeling sorry for her. Mario couldn’t think of anything else to do. “I-I can’t believe I wet myself! Like a kid!” Goombella said still sobbing. Mario patted her on the head trying to reassure her, saying it happened to everyone at one point.

While he looked down at her he dug around in his bag and pulled out an extra shirt his brother packed for him. He gave it to Goombella as she looked in confusion. “W-what is this for?” she asked. It appeared to be too big and would cover even her feet if she put it on. But she realized what it was for. Goombella put it on. She smiled a bit, knowing that now no one else would be able to see her noticeable wet place. The shirt was too big and was covering her up, so she only planned to wear it until she dried up.

“Come on, Mario. Let’s get to the next town,” Goombella said, now a lot happier. Mario nodded as they walked away and headed for Koopa Village.

*002*2012-08-21 00:17

{{: 

Not bad, never seen an omarashi with this ^^

}}

Thank you glad to hear so, and yes that's what i go for i do the things i don't really see anything of.

I might perhaps make a pokemon one next, but considering theirs already a ton of pokemon stuff i don't know. Thank you for reading.

*006*2012-08-21 17:40

{{: 

So i was just looking thru my inbox saw the email of a post in the fanfiction section....when i saw the title i immediately said to myself. Reading This Next

This was actually pretty good too, keep it up.

Oh PS...There is NEVER too much pokemon fanfics :p

}}

All right i am glad to hear you thought it was good, and i suppose that is true.

*007*2012-08-25 15:04

{{: 

Ain't that the truth!

}}

Yes yes it is.

*009*2012-08-26 04:51

{{: 

I feel like a huge nerd reading this because I keep imagining the whole Mario setting. Embracing my inner nerd, Good Work.

}}

It's what i try to do, thank you again i am glad to hear you enjoy my work. Even if i have only written 3 things i'm glad to hear i'm doing as good as i am.

