Arielle's afternoon

Author: loppylollypop27

*000*2012-08-05 00:57

This is my first post! It might not be very good but pleae don't be mean! sorry you might not be able to see this but I hope you enjoy it.

Arielle exited the roller coaster she looked at her friend "that was awesome!" she said trying to hide that the whole time she was trying not to wet herself. She loves roller coasters in all but she really had to pee. Her friend Fern had really been excited for this trip and she would only get to go once this year because tickets were expensive. Even if she wanted to take away time from Fern's day at the park she the nearest bathrooms were on the other side of the park.

"You know, I'm hungry" said Fern "let's get some food."

Arielle squeezed her thighs together "Alright sounds good I'm hungry too" Arielle said hoping that lunch didn't also mean drinking. Arielle followed Fern for what felt like 15 minutes of agonizing steps toward her favourite burger place. "Here it is!" said Fern with excitement she approached the menu board by the cashier. Fern looked at Arielle "what are you hungry for? burgers, chicken strips, hot dogs.." said Fern. "I think I'll have the chicken strips and fries" Arielle replied holding her crotch hoping Fern wouldn't notice.

"Yeah I think I'll get that too, oh and we'll share a large drink" Fern said. "Oh....ok I guess I'm not really thirsty but that’s ok" Arielle replied starting to panic she didn't want Fern to think she wasn't feeling well. "Of course your thirsty its boiling hot out here and we haven't drank anything since this morning! Unless you’re not feeling well" said Fern looking concerned. "No, no I'm fine" replied Arielle with a smile. They ordered and got their food Arielle started to lightly bounce in her red and black plaid skirt with lacey black panties and a white tube top.

They went and sat at a table even though her bladder was bursting she still was rather hungry and munched on her meal Fern urged her to drink and Arielle obeyed taking a sip it sent a spasm through her bladder and a little bit of pee dribbled into her panties. They finished their meal and Fern drank most of the drink as Arielle struggles to take small sips every time a small dribble spurting through her panties. The 2 continued to stroll around the park riding rides each time worse for Arielle when they decided they were done at the park Arielle had a wet spot in her panties the size of a computer mouse.

Luckily For her the park was only a 15 minute drive from her apartment. They got into the car Arielle bit her lip climbing into the passenger seat. She placed both her hands on her soggy crotch and tried to think of other things on the way home they finally reached Arielle's apartment trying desperately not to pee the minute she stood she waved farewell to her friend Fern and entered her apartment. She had sworn there was a restroom in the lobby but she was unfortunately mistaken. She hobbled over to the elevator she lived on the 15th floor. As soon as Arielle entered the elevator she knew that she wouldn't make it as the elevator went at a very slow pace.

She looked around and found a camera she knew she was going to embarrass herself but there was no way she was going to show herself naked to whoever was going to watch the footage she took off her flats and set them aside and lifted her skirt to reveal her soaked panties she uncrossed her legs letting her pee gush out of her and onto the floor she let out a sigh of relief as she continued to pee for about a minute and finally her stream died down she smiled to herself naughtily and left the elevator 7 floors later entering her apartment after an interesting afternoon.

*003*2012-08-05 21:16

Part 2

Arielle suddenly heard her phone ringing. She quickly fished through her purse and picked up "hello?" she said into her white blackberry bold. A very professional voice responded "Hello Arielle this is Janet I have received your application for a secretary at our company and I would like to request that you meet me in half and hour for an interview at Rosebud dinery. I'm apologize for the short notice" Arielle was stunned she never thought she would have a chance at a job interview in the pretigious 'Rebrook industries'. "O-of course I would love too1" Arielle stutterd "I-I'll see you in 30 minutes." She hung up and rushed to her room to get changed her now weak bladder was already filling up again but she ignored it she swiftly showerd and then changed into something professional. (A black sort pencil skirt, A strapless colourful, patterned top and a grey cardigan.) She headed out the door grabbing her purse io the way out.

While she was driving she realized that not taking a bathroom break was going to cost her. She arrived at restaurant right on time she was seated at a booth at the back of the restaurant where Janet was already seated. "Such beautiful scenery isn't it?" Janet said pointing at the rose arrangements arround the restaurant."Oh yes it is very pretty indeed" Arielle replied crossing her legs. "so how about we get started?" Janet said taking out some papers from a file that was set down beside her. Janet asked Arielle questions for about 15 minutes. "So how about we order some drinks and then we can continue with the interview" Janet said.

"Sounds good" Arielle replied starting to get derperate. A waitress approached their table "I'm Eve and I'll be taking care of you tonight may I start you ladies off with a drink?" Eve asked. Janet observed the menu "Ah I'll have the pintot noir with esspresso accents from 2003" she said looking to Arielle. "I'm not sure what would you suggest?" Arielle asked beging professional but hoping that Janet picked something small and virgin. "hmm I think your personality it bright and sweet so I suggets a Rasberry white wine sangria" Janet said. "I think that's a splendid choice" said Arielle placing one had on her crotch.

About 3 minutes of questions later the 2 were served thier drinks. Arielle sipped it proffessionally even though each sip was agonizing. Suddenly Arielle had an idea in her purse was a drink cup that she stashed in her purse after her and Fern had finished it just in case she might need it. Silently she fished it out of her purse. All she needed to do now was wait until a server was refilling a drink and then use that momment to pee into the cup so Janet would think the dribbling was thet glass being refilled. Arielle waited about a minute and then she found the right momment she placed the cup directly under her red and black striped panties (because Janet would notice Arielle pulling them down.)

She uncrossed her legs and imedeatly pee gushed into the cup a couple drops landing on the floor she wanted to sigh but she held back. It felt so good it almost gave her an orgasm! She suddenly started to panic as the cup was filling up and she had still so much pee in her bladder! She bit her lip and slowed her pee to a stop. That would have to be it for now. She placed the cup under the table. The interview ended about 10 minutes later. Arielle got up from the table and looked for the restrooms she found them in a corner colse to the exit she walked in to find that the stalls were all full she waited, and waited but nobody seem to come out. She was just to desperate to wait any longer she looked arround but it was too late her flood gates opend and the remeinder of her bladder gushed out all over the floor forming a large puddle she looked down at her 'work' how unproffessional. To be continued.......I think

*005*2012-08-23 16:29

I'm sorry guys I typed another part but I cut it and pasted it somewhere else so I could edit it but now it won't let me return it to the site so I'll have to find another way to paste it

A week later Arielle received a letter from 'Redbrook Industrees' telling her that she got the job and would start in a few days. Arielle was over the moon and figured Janet never found about the wetting in the bathroom. Today was the day she'd bring all her stuff to the office and set up her new desk. That morning she had drank a glass of orange juice, a frappicino and a bottle of water. She packed the boxes into the trunk of her car feeling a little bit of desperation. She started her car thnakfully "Redbrook industries' was only 10 minutes away. She arrived at the door to find Janet waiting for her at the door. "Hello Arielle and congratulationson receiving a job here. Your desk is right at the front of the building because you deal with all the customers at the front of the building and most of the phone-calls made" said Janet proffessionally.They walked into the building and Janet was right Arielle's desk was right there.

"So where are the nearest washrooms?' Arielle asked "down the hall exactly 100m then open door number 34 its the 3rd door on you right" said Janet "good luck once you finish packing you can go home and come to work at 9'o'clock sharp tommorow for the beginning of you training" said Janet walking away to take care of other buisssness. Arielle began to bring in boxes and unpack them she was staring to get desperate.She didn't want to leave her car that she had parked outside in front of the buliding alone because she left it open so she could bring in boxes. Arielle pressed her and on her crotch and held it tight continueing to unpack.

After about 15 minutes Arielle knew with the restroom so far away this wouldn't end well. she presse dher thighs together and put the last thing on her desk. She moaned in agony and moved her underware to the side shoving her fingers up her crotch to keep from bursting. (by the way she was wearing a pencil skirt and a silk t-shirt top and a red lace thong) She started to hobbled over to the hall a sprinkle of pee spilled out of her running down her leg and making a dakr patch in her panties.

She had walked another 50m when pee gushed out making a wet spot on the carpet floor but she quickly stopped it staring to cry a bit. Suddenly Arielle's flood-gates opened and pee gushed out Arielle ran leaving a trail of pee behind her it ran down her legs. She ran all the way to the bathroom still peeing and she opend the stall door and pulled down her skirt peeing into it her torrent still runnig strong she moaned in pleasure it felt almost orgasmic to finnally release. She peed for almost another minute when everything finnally died down. Arielle was so glad nobody saw and she cleaned up her entire mess and dorve home. She was staring to enjoy this.

Never mind I found a way! :D

