What would you guys like?

Author: Night

*000*2012-05-24 23:43

First off, I don't like the idea of Yuri or Yaoi, so I can't write those. I also can't write fan-fiction, as I'm only a fan of my beliefs, not really of using movies, books, shows, or anything else in my writing, sorry. I plan on writing a story, in my limited spare time (I say that, but I'm always in spare time, Haha) including a variety of different omorashi ways. For lack of better terms at the moment.

The main characters would be two brothers who live together, the older one into omorashi and no girlfriend to satisfy him. So you see the problem. lol Later on, I want to somehow add some female desperation/etc as well, but even though I'm female I'm better with male characters, in my experience. My females turn out cliched or... idk... strange even for my oddball tastes....

I would like to know if you guys would even be interested before I invest my time, and if so, ANY ideas or themes you might want me to include in it, or whatever else you want to add or say. I love taking suggestions and actually could do for some inspiration right now. I already have the main two characters planned... I have no clue what job to give the older brother either. If you guys don't help out, he'll be in a host club, or a salesman. O.o He's... um... good with people. I think.

Anyways, I would love to hear your thoughts and suggestions, and any ideas. I do realize there is a request thread but.... that's not doing it for me.

Just to make sure this is worthy of posting here.... I'll quickly think up a small story to show off my writing and give you guys something to stare at. It's off the top of my head, which is empty at the time being, so sorry if it's cliche. Any likeness to another story, real life event, people, or places is purely coincidental.

###

There was little time left as the horses dashed around the corner in a final stretch to reach the goal, to overtake their opponents by even a head length. This race would be the decider of who was going to the big one, and if won, winning the half a million. For the small broken ranch of Willows Meadow, it would be a lifesaver. Without it, they feared loosing it all, their home, their horses, and even their jockey friend, who would be forced to move states to look for work. It was hard times, after all.

The last stretch in the race was all in all not too long, but for jockey Royce Williams, it was an endless battle, like a race against throes of time. And how right that was... It had been at least an hour since he was holding his urine, and the last thing he wanted to do was pee on the horse, of all things. Sadly, he still had fifteen minutes of being paraded around and cooling off the horse, then cleaning the horse.... oh! Just the thought of that hose splashing its liquid against the sweaty horse, and the horse choosing to take a squat of its own for sweet and justified relief...

Royce gulped, unintentionally attempting to squeeze his thighs together, making the horse go even faster to his torturous surprise. As the horse dashed down the final stretch, giving it all it had to overtake the lead, the thunderous crashes of hooves on the hard ground made it even harder to hold on. It was as if every twitch of the horse, every rise and fall of his bladder being bounced around, sent a jolt through his entire system, as he prayed he wouldn't lose it right then and there.

Why oh why hadn't he just got up on time? Why didn't he plan ahead for traffic? If he hadn't been delayed, he wouldn't be in this particular predicament. Just and he crossed the finish line, a strong, quick, spurt ran into his light blue jockey pants. "Please no!" he thought to himself, looking back and, to his dismay, realizing that he had crossed the line in first place, when all he wanted was to cross his legs and head for the toilet!

The throbbing sensation in his penis grew worse, as his tortured, aching bladder tried to relieve itself to no avail. The horse, slowed to a walk and being led into the Winner's Circle, was sensing its riders distress, and getting antsy. Great! The last thing he needed was for the horse to rear or jolt anymore. The desperation was now intense, the pulsating like a beat of the heart, thump... thump... thump... Breathing in a quick, pain-filled breath, Royce closed his eyes tight and tried to think of something else, anything else, as he squirmed around atop the heavy animal, who was not enjoying its rider's unusual behavior.

As he squirmed helplessly, squeezing himself against the back of the horse, he whined quietly, inwardly cussing at the people around him taking their sweet time. Minutes later, the horse was finally taken to the private areas. Using the horse as a shield to hide the display, Royce took a deep breath, swung off the horse, landing hard with his hand on his member and his legs crossing from the jolt. A long spurt escaped into his jeans. He looked around, loose all signs of hope, and the caretakers started to hose down the winner.

The sudden sound of the powerful jets caused him to double over, unable to even move from the spot. He felt bound, helpless, and utterly embarrassed. Then the horror happened. As the horse maneuvered and squatted for its own pee, Royce's bladder convulsed for the final time, hot rushing urine winding down his legs and wetting his entire front as what felt to him like an ocean flooded out of him. Dropping to his knees, he sat in his own puddle of shame as unmerited relief overcame him.

###

That's my average writing, as well as my first official omorashi story. You can comment on this or my writing as well, just please don't forget to answer my questioning above, if you can! Normally I try to be a tad more descriptive, but it's not bad off, I don't think. If you have any comments on improving my description during the omorashi moments, especially guys, that would be appreciated as well. THANK YOU TO ALL ahead of time, in case I'm busy or... just forget.

A thousand questions later,

Pressing send...

*003*2012-05-27 19:40

Actually, Pamaclay that has given me an idea. While the older one is more or less open about it, (as he liked to make things difficult for the younger), I could easily make the younger have a like for it as a secret, and not want to come out about it, even to himself. It's an interesting concept to play with, and I can focus parts around his adventures in "subconscious" holding, and what it takes for him to admit it, and get over his initial shame. The older is more likely to get a girlfriend and power play a bit, as he's more normal as far as it comes (if you understand what Im trying to say by that, not saying other ways are abnormal) and likes to see omorashi, not experience.

The younger is more submissive because of being around the older, so he's actually a good type to be the more sensitive one, as far as it goes with girls, and I could make him have a crush or something... We'll see how the story develops amongst him. The older is my favorite character, as I love the messed up personality so much. :] I'll take this into consideration, and post the first chapter soon, to feel if people are going to be interested or not, before I continue writing. I know it'll be an odd story, since it's is about guys as main characters, and I am a girl, so.... XD But my girl characters often wind up cliched. I hope to break out of that, considering i have to write this novel im writing with a female main character.... O.o Hmm.....

*005*2012-05-27 23:49

I didn't even notice you misread. :] The older loves to pick on the younger because of this, and that get's the younger into wet situations. :] If you're confused about that part, then you'll see when the first chapter is finally posted, since it starts off with a bit of fun for us. Haha... I don't think it'll be hard to incorporate. I'm used to roleplaying based around things, and while that can be a little difficult depending on what it is, this is right up my alley. I like to have some realism in my stories, even though my characters almost never have normal colored hair. Hahaha, I watch too much anime?

I've read quite a bit of the fiction section, especially any male stories. There's a lot of good writers, though I don't remember names specifically, but if you like male wetting then "Summer With Snape" is a harry potter one, and one of my favorites on here, even though I don't particularly like the real series of Harry Potter. Then there's just some really good smaller ones, but quality over quantity, I like. There's some really good description, which is a thing I love. I have some female ones I liked to, but the main ones I liked were muli-post stories that aren't finished/finishing. I pretty much read any of it that catches my eye.

