How To Write Fetish Fiction

Author: Pain

*000*2015-12-30 05:36

As the title suggests, I need some writing advice regarding omorashi stories in general. I’ve been writing and posting regularly in the Fiction- Fanfiction forum for almost a year and a half now. Although I’ve been praised quite a few times for my works, I feel something is wrong with the way I write but I can’t put a finger on it.

So I decided to ask for help from you guys. Editing is something I don’t understand how to do, so I just go ahead and fix typos and structure but somehow that doesn’t seem to be enough. If I could just know what is wrong, maybe I could fix it. My main interest lies in writing omorashi and I understand that fetish fiction has a different kind of cadence. If anyone could point out my flaws and shortcoming to me and also tell how to rectify them, I would be really grateful.

Here are the works I’ve shared on here till now.

On Her Way Home (Futanari)

Blanket (Explicit Version)

Lady Tsunade

A Desperate Ordeal (Futanari)

A Trip To Rajmahal Fort

Desperate Piccolo : Dragon Ball Z

Blanket

Delia Ketchum's Desperation

Tsunade's Long Day : Naruto Shippuden

A Strained Bond

Celebrity Saga

Celebrity Saga 2

A Need Delayed Too Long

Ticket to Hollywood

Ticket to Hollywood 2

/ Ticket to Hollywood 2 [Alternate End]

The Tourists [Futanari]

Bursting Anita

Yogeeta's Dilemma

Bollywood Calling

Bollywood Calling 2

*004*2016-01-03 10:25

{{ 

}}

Thank you so much! Really needed that! From the next time I will make sure to use punctuation at the right places!

*005*2016-01-05 13:19

{{ 

}}

No, honestly, thanks a ton for each word. The kind of scene sequence you suggested for 'The Strained Bond' was something I should have done with the story. It was perfect the way you described it. I'll make sure to maintain the flow in my future stories. Thank you so much for such fruitful advice!

{{ 

}}

Yes, I live in India. Most government schools meant for underprivileged children do not have toilets. I've heard stories about desperate teachers and children who quit going to school beacuse of the lack of facilities.

I've in fact seen it first hand as well. I used to work with an NGO that provided free food and education to kids from slums. And these children used to tell me about the difficulties they'd have to face each day beacuse they had nowhere to go during school.

*007*2016-01-05 14:47

{{ 

Yes, it's terrible that so many are denied education either due to lack of toilet facilities or other sanitation issues like protection during menstruation or products for those dealing with incontinence. It's something that needs far more awareness over here...

I'm glad it was helpful, but honestly, your stories are still way better than a lot I've seen. So make sure you take that point away too. :-)

}}

Thank you so much for the kind words, OmoWatcher!

{{ 

}}

P.S Bulge_Lover, I wrote a Naruto fanfic and I wanted you to read it because I wrote it specifically for you - Watching Over Konoha

. Tell me what you think of it even if you don't like it. As you can see, I am open to criticism.

*009*2016-01-11 16:02

{{ 

I tried to message you but it says you're not accepting messages from me. Did I do something to offend you? If I did, I promise that it was completely unintentional and if you tell me what I've done I'll do my best to fix it.

}}

If you want to, we can talk over PM.

