Collar Dreams part 3 - The Slave (original fiction)

Author: Aleana

*000*2012-02-26 07:13

He swears under his breath - angrily, quietly, and above all, hopelessly. I look at him, at my Master, who is normally so stoic, and wonder at Her ability to break his placid composure. All it took was a little bit of time...

###

"The game will be a little different this time," she tells him. "You already know you're going grocery shopping, but -" she stops, eyeing the tall, leanly muscled man standing before him, her stare challenging as it meets his own hawklike, somewhat discomfited gaze. "Is something wrong, dear?" she asks in her gentlest, most dangerous of tones.

"No, Mistress," he says tonelessly. Underneath his flat affect, there is a hint of excitement, though - in the flush on blood under the golden tan of his angular face, in the quickened pulse that beats at his throat, so very barely discernable, and in the swell beween his legs. I know as I watch the exchange, though, that this excitement is tempered with dread, even real fear.

"You're certain?"

"Yes, Mistress," he answers firmly. His weight shifting from one leg to the next every other second gives the lie to his words. She raises a single golden eyebrow and his gaze softens into submission, the Dominant side switching over to his submissive side - for he has both, and my presence makes it hard for him to submit. "Sorry," he mutters. She smiles, genuinely pleased that he admitted to his untruth, even in the roundabout way he did.

"As I said - the game is a bit different this time. I have a list of groceries for you, and if you can make it home with them dry, I will allow you to beg to use the toilet." His eyebrows come together just a little, forming the tiniest of furrows between them. "Yes, beg," she says dryly. "I said the evil word. You're a switch, but I will break you of the habit of switching back around me."

Ah-ha!

"Drop your pants," she says suddenly, eyeing his subtle dancing. He does, with no hesitation, though we are both wondering. She kneels in front of him smoothly, the pencil skirt she wears whispering softly with the movement. A tiny smirk crosses her expression as she sees his erection. The last two games, he had orgasmed recently enough to prevent this, but this time there was nothing to stop his reaction to his plight from showing.

She lifts up the top of his shirt high enough to view the subtle bump between his hips. Motioning me over, she bids me to feel. My cold skin on the hardness beneath my palm makes him shudder slightly. I can feel a rippled contraction, and he hisses very slightly. She is satisfied, and sends us out.

The car ride to the grocery store is uneventful, but the fun starts once we come in the doors. Fortunately for him, the grocery list is short, but he's very near the end of his control - for he has been holding all day. It's nearly six o'clock and he hasn't even peed from this morning - he's desperate to go, and even though he's trying to focus on his Mistress's orders, he can't think of anything else but going, going...

His motions are doing something to my body - arousal sears my veins, and my knees are weak with want. I've never believed the stories of women orgasming without touching themselves, but now I could almost believe it would happen to me.

As we walk through the store retrieving items one by one from the shelves, I can see his need worsening, reaching a peak. His breathing is hard, though he tries to conceal it, and every time we need to stop and read labels to find exactly what the Mistress has asked for, he bounces and dances and hisses with need from holding still.

Reaching the last few items on the list, he's really getting bad. Every few seconds, he has to stop and hold himself hard, and though he tries to control it, his movements are drawing curious and disapproving eyes. It's clear to everyone what he so desperately needs. His motions grow more and more frenzied - by the time we get to the last item, he's chanting under his breath, "I can do this, I can do this...." and most of the shopping is left to me.

At last it's time to pay, to wait in line. He moans quietly in the back of his throat at the thought of standing still, and I watch, mouth dry and struck by a flash of arousal as he holds himself again. My reactions are getting more and more unruly.

I realize I don't want him to make it.

Waiting in line is torturous for him. It's up to me to place items on the counter and take the bags as the items are scanned, because it's all he can do to stop from wetting himself. Suddenly, I hear a tiny gasp. He freezes, his whole body tensing, and it's like no one else exists, just me and him. His hands dive for his dick and wrap around it as best they can through the jeans, as he whimpers quietly. He's too late, though - I can see a wet patch the size of a silver dollar gleaming beautifully there. I pulse with heat and desire.

He regains control somewhat as we walk to the car, but I can tell it's eating him up, how badly he needs to go, and being unable to. The Mistress, by doing it the long way instead of just having him drink a lot of water, has ensured that he can hardly imagine a time without this hot, desperate need, this panic and pain.

In the car, he rocks back in forth in time with labored breathing, and it ocurs to me how lucky he is that we live only five minutes from the grocery store. He will, I think, make it. But I didn't count on what else the Mistress had in store. Another quiet moan interrupts my thinking, and I hear a tiny hiss of urine escape him.

He leaks on and off the whole time we are in the car. He swears under his breath - angrily, quietly, and above all, hopelessly. I look at him, at my Master, who is normally so stoic, and wonder at Her ability to break his placid composure. All it took was a little bit of time.

"Girl, take off your clothes," she tells me with a grin as we get in the door with the groceries and pile them on the counter near the doorway. I do, with a puzzled look. She motions for me to lay down - right there on the door in the kitchen. The hard tiles are icy cold on my back. Then she turns to him, as he stands there, fidgeting and grabbing himself. "You, too," she tells him. His clothes are pretty damp by now, so he doesn't mind this.

"Mistress, may - " he starts.

"Go on," she interrupts. A wild flash of relief and hope enters his expression, and his abdomen ripples with another hard contraction, which he tries and somewhat fails to contain. Before he gains control again, she motions to me. "Bring your slave to orgasm. But I want you inside her, don't just finger her." His jaw drops open slightly.

"B...but..." The eyebrow goes up. He takes a steadying breath and gets down on his knees. I am delighted by this turn of events, because I'm so hot and desperate for something entirely else, and besides, this may be the end of his control. I'm wet and throbbing before he even enters me, though I can't see how he will. I look, and unbelievably, he has an erection still. Didn't those go down when men have to pee this badly?

He pants a little with effort and plunges into me, his hands flicking lightly at my nipples, which normally is mostly for his own fun, because I don't have a lot of sensation there. Now, though, I'm hypersensitive, and I whimper with pleasure. His erection isn't as full as it usually is, but thinking about why it's not sends a whole new wave of pleasure through me. His finger finds my clitoris, and lightning bolts play along my skin, and up my spine. I'm so ready. He gasps and stops for a second, and I can feel him twitch inside me, which makes me moan loudly. Fluid heat fills me, and drips out on the floor. He hasn't come, though, he's lost control again, and by the way he grits his teeth, he's having trouble finding it again.

That sends me over the brink, and I nearly scream as an intense orgasm rips through me, making me lift up into him as I pulse around him, making me turn my head and pant in the aftermath. Then he gasps again, and this time, it's for a different reason. He, too, pants. When he pulls out, he is soft again, and sticky.

Getting to his feet as quickly as I've ever seen, he looks at her with painful hope.

"You may be a switch," she tells him, victory in her small smile, "But to me, you are not a switch. You are my slave, boy, and you will proclaim this, or you will not claim your reward." He bends over with a gasp and the furrow between his brows is deep and pained. I can smell the faint tang of urine, so close to him, and I can practically feel what he does. The pulsing, the heat, the pain, sharp and hard in the member squeezed tightly in his hands. The feeling of teetering over the brink, of knowing that any tiny shock will be the end. The restless urge to move, to do something, anything to relieve the ache.

He will do it, and this is good, because for all his difficulty surrendering, it's what he wants. She is helping him, in this strange way, to declare his slavery once and for all, to find who he really is. In a way, I'm a little sad, because I know that even though he remains my Master, a little bit of that is leeching away every second. From now forth, he will be her slave, first and foremost, because in his heart that's who he is.

"Mistress," he says, absolute trust coming into his eyes to join the panic and desperation there, "I am your slave. Please, will you allow your slave to use the bathroom now?" He has absolutely no reserve left, no shadow of doubt in his mind that she is in control of the situation, and that if there is a problem, she will fix it. That she can fix this problem, if she chooses to.

She does. A warm, satisfied smile tells him this, even as her words do. "You may, my boy. Girl, go with him to ensure he doesn't do anything else." She grins wickedly, and I grin, too, because I know she's got plans for him. She nods, and it's like a starting gun going off in his head. He hobbles for the toilet, the iron grip he has on his crotch no less for having permission to pee.

Just outside the door, his breath starts coming harder and faster. He moans quietly and stops, and I see the patch of wetness on his light jeans shine with fresh pee for a second, before he manages to stop it. Somehow, he gets moving again, but in front of the toilet, his control breaks. Seeing relief so near, his eager bladder contracts for all it's worth, and he just tilts back his head and shivers with pleasure as hissing fills the room. I dash in and retrieve his dripping, hardening dick, still emptying his bladder forcefully, and point it at the toilet bowl. The stream catches me in the face as I fumble, and I blink with astonishment, holding it for him as he pees on and on. I pulse with pleasure between my thighs, and I gasp as the orgasm rolls over me.

