Distending her poor bladder

Author: Peter-P

*000*2021-09-27 18:01

Distending her poor bladder

Last year at Easter we had a few days off from work. By the time I was free then and knew a few nice women to party with.

Sandy is a woman I really like for many years - and as I know from other parties, she has an unbeatable bladder condition! Best of all, she is sexy, but free and likes to party with me.

When I phoned Sandy in the afternoon, she just came back from shopping and had bought some shoes and a fascinating short skirt. Sandy has a brilliant body and can wear all clothes - and she likes sexy clothes and wears it, even when it is a little too sexy (in the eyes of others).

Sandy invited me to come to her home flat just a few streets away to see her new bought clothes. Minutes later I could see Sandy in her new pumps. It had very slim 5.5" high heels and she gave me a show with her new tight black leather mini skirt, walking on her high heels. Then she took a fitting belt from her closet, a belt with a nice metal buckle - and looked at me...

I told her to stay exact this way and start to have a coffee or wine in a nice restaurant to enjoy the time before the party.

When we drove to the restaurant, Sandy laid her head to my shoulder and looked into my eyes in a way I nearly crashed another car. We both laughed and soon arrived at the restaurant. It were some nice hours before we left for the party.

And Sandy - as ever, when out of her home - did not use the toilet once!

At the party we had much fun too till Sandy told me, that her bladder was painfully overfilled now, because she was shopping all day and directly afterwards I met her...

"Sandy, I know you have a very strong bladder, please hold it a little longer - it is such a good party!" I begged her - and Sandy agreed.

I nearly forgot about her predicament, because she did not remind me again and she let us not see any sign of pain or struggle.

At 2 am Sandy looked very pale and her eyes showed some tears, but she just told me, that everything would be OK and she liked to dance with me. Sandy is a good dancer and even when I knew the cause of her pain, I agreed to dance with her. And we danced till about 5:30, when the party ended, because dawn came up.

On our drive back Sandy agreed to go to my home, which was some mile less to go to. But I knew, that she never used other then her own loo - so I was surprised, but didn't say anything about it.

When we got off the car, Sandy had some problems to stand straight and nervously crossed her legs, but she came in without any moaning or comment about her bladder.

I needed to pee too now and because Sandy did not say anything I used it first.

When I came back, she sat on my couch, crossed legs and seemed to have gotten back full control again. That was fascinating, because Sandy had had a coffee and 3 wine in the afternoon and 6 pints of beer plus 2 bottles of water at night and while dancing. But that was Sandy, no day without any surprises...

I sat beside Sandy and kissed her - and by this we forgot time and place and changed to my bed later. When I caressed her, I could feel her rockhard belly and she moaned a little, but she was hard against her good trained bladder. First the pleasure, then the requirements of her bladder.

Before we were really tired, Sandy told me she had to empty her bladder soon, because the pain would be unbearable for many hours now. But she also told me, that she was too tired and too lazy to stand up to go home. She snuggle her sexy body against me and I could feel her tremble by the effort to hold her sphincter shut. I examined her belly carefully. She moaned loud, winced like electrified and started crying. Sandie's bladder was like a big melon, I looked at it and it looked high pregnant. I never saw her this way before and was really alarmed!!!

"Hey Sandy, don't hurt yourself!", I told her, but she just stopped crying and told me, that she would use her toilet at home when we were up again in the afternoon.

Sandy trembled all the time, but did not move again. My dick had gotten hard again and pressed against her back and sexy ass. And by the time I doze off and slept till the late afternoon. When I woke up, Sandy lay beside me in the same position and her body still trembled a little. It was 5 pm!

What a supergirl's to hold such a load for such a time without waking me up!

I did not move and Sandy seemed not to realize, that I was awake now. I kept silent for another 2 hours and just my dick started acting and from time to time even shot his load against Sandie's sexy ass. She just seemed to think I would dream and just whispered: "Pete, I love you - I would die for you, sleep well and we will have a nice evening, when you wake up!"

Oh, I also was near love with Sandy for years, but I knew her for too long to really think about love and partnership. I thought she would think the same way... What a fascinating news! Sandy was in love and so held her bursting bladder shut for ages - nearly dying for a pee, no - I could imagine her in real danger for an exploding bladder. But sandy just wanted me to sleep beside her, her agonizing bladder, the unbearable pain all evening and night (she never before told me to go home because of a full bladder!), her pale face, her sweating sexy body, trembling for ages and totally exhausted, but never giving in... How she cried, when I just very carefully examined her distended to bursting belly... It must have grown further by all the hours time, but she stood this unbelievable suffering agonies - by the power of her love in me...!

At 7:10 I showed my love, that I woke up and caressed her gently and kissed her good morning.

Then I stood up and saw her belly - ready to explode. On her slim, but sporty body it was clear visible, how big her bladder had swollen. It reached from her public bone to far above her navel and was limited by her chest, even her rips bent a little up. And her hips were the other limiter. There grew a dangerous ball in her - exact: ready to explode!

Sandy must have seen my wide open eyes. She with a broken voice softly told me, that she would use her toilet at home soon, but did not want to wake me up. And then she looked at me with her sexy brown eyes and confessed me, that she was so in love to me, that she would have waited all times and forever with her bladder even growing slowly, but she would die before waking me up.

I carefully kissed her and soon we lay in bad again and caressed us more and more enthusiastic. And by accident I overbalanced and lay on Sandie's bladder, which was that dangerously distended for hours now. I tried to come up again, but Sandy, who screamed a terrible caw to my surprise held me there and tried to regain back control. After a lot of minutes she hoarsely said: "Pete, my bladder still seems strong enough to hold a little more load anyhow!".

I looked at her. "Please Pete, try to make one of my secret dreams reality: try to give me a good fuck lying on my to its absolute limits overstretched bladder!" I protested: "I will hurt you! Anyhow you bladder stands this load, but if I start moving, the balloon will explode!" Sandy kissed me and told me: "It will not explode, it will empty before exploding, as every bladder does!". "Sandy, don't be a fool, your sphincter is too strong for your bladder, its walls will not be able to hold such a pressure plus my weight and the movements of sex!"

"Please, then be careful, but please put your dick inside me!"

I put my now again hard dick into poor Sandy and tried to hold my weight away from her belly. We started having more sex - and from time to time my full weight lay on her ballooned bladder for a few seconds - but fortunately nothing disastrous happened. I had a very bad feeling, but this sex was too good to resist - and Sandy was too sexy and much too hot to get a clear idea... I at the end breathed a sigh of relief, that Sandy survived this kinky and dangerous game without any damage.

Later - after drinking a bottle of water and waiting for 3 other hours to get it into her poor bladder, she accepted that there was no place to let just one more drop into her bladder. The water just did not reach it. Then she tried to get into her tight skirt, but also without success. She stepped into her sexy high heels and asked me, if she was allowed to use my toilet. She looked very proud by asking me this question!

I told her to wait, because we had to look for a container to measure her pee quantity. And now to my surprise Sandy started getting really nervous. She started bending forward, what squeezed her bladder and then she lost her strong nerves in sheer desperation. She started crying and was fidgeting like crazy, pressed her legs together. Panic-stricken, with an agonized look in her beautiful face, frantically moving around, doing everything every other woman or even every other creature would have done hours before.

I was alarmed, thought about a bladder rupture, but she shouted with a broken voice: "Quick, take the container, I will lose control in a second!!!"

I found a 5 litre bucket, put it into the toilet bowl and assisted Sandy to crouch over it. She really had big trouble to contain her pee inside her bladder, what now seemed to get weak. She pressed her trembling legs together again and again, got more and more nervous and frantic. She anyhow was able to hold her pee, but not to couch over the bucket without leaving control. I still tried to assist her, but she was so frantic, that I could not really help her. Just when she froze once, I took her and held her over the bucket like a little child over a potty. I just had set her down, when Niagara Falls started inside the bucket and even grew up in strength and force, after minutes it slowed down, just to increase its force again and again. The stream seemed to be endless! Sandies belly was still a big melon!

At the end Sandie's bladder stopped giving pee into the bucket, but her bladder still was a big and clearly visible ball. She started to stand up, but I told her to wait, because there was still a lot of pee left in her poor bladder. I then took her from her back and carefully pressed her still hard bladder and massaged it till I could not feel any filling from outside any more.

Sandy was so exhausted, that I had to bear her away and lay her into my bed, where we had fun all the time.

About 20 minutes later she started crying and had to go again. She was still weak, but her bladder control seemed to have gone. I could feel her full bladder, but she was not able to walk to the loo. When I took another bucket, she fidgeted like crazy, had her hands between her legs and jumped around. I never saw her this way before.

When she filled the next bucket, I examined her first one. The 5 litre bucket was about half full, 2.6 litres as we measured later. Her extreme bladder training and life long consequent refusal of using other than her own loo yielded fruit - that was good for the Guinness Book of World Records! And much more important, there was no blood visible, so her bladder had got no rupture!

When I helped poor Sandy to really empty her bladder again, she lay her head onto my shoulder and told me, that my toilet was the only one she would use from now on. Her own one would be for guests now. And she would have to hold her pee in, when I would not let her in or would be on business trip or what else...

Sandy again and again peed about 1.5 - 1.3 litres 8 more times. Her kidneys stood the experiment without damage and her bladder was OK too. Just she had a lot of pain at work the next 2 weeks, when waiting for the loo - my loo!

Now Sandy even with a painful overfilled bladder resists using my toilet before having sex with me first. And afterwards she stays in bed with me. Often in the morning she then wakes up with a dangerously overfilled bladder. But instead of peeing she then tells me, that she will hold her pee for me all day, as at that party, we told us about our love. Skipping her morning pee is a sin for Sandy, even without a 24 hours hold, she has bad pain with a nights load of pee in her strong bladder. But after holding her pee 24 hours and then a full working day, Sandy has real problems to hold her predicament secret.

This Thursday (before Easter), Sandy went to work that way. Even she in the morning told me, that she had 3 litres of water on Wednesday at work. And today she will have another 3 litres of water at work. at lunch time she called me on my mobile and told me, that she will not be able to work in this state. She has just drunk 1.5 litre now and cannot hold it till the evening...

At 2 pm she again called me and asked me to take her home - now. She would feel ill. But I told her to stay brave! She agreed and did not call again.

In the evening she came back late, with new 6" heels and a shopping bag. Sandy was extremely exhausted, her bladder dangerously swollen under her wide wooden pullover and her face a little pale. In her bag she had a short black leather skirt and a strong corset.

Sandy told me to help her get her bladder inside the corset and then into the tight skirt. It seemed to be much to late for this experiment, because her bladder was so big...! But Sandy insisted upon my help to get her in there.

Anyhow she survived the hard and for her bladder very rough manoeuvres to get inside the strong training corset. And her bladder kept shut and anyhow under control. Sandy looked extremely tortured and had real problems to hold her pee - of cause...!

Now she wants to have a long walk with me. And another surprise for me: she has not just bought 6" heels (15cm), but 7" heels too and she is able to walk in and on these acrobatic tools properly and in a sex way! I don't know how sexy women solve it to walk properly on 4" or even 5" heels - Sandy last year wore 5.5" for me and I was not surprised to see her walking properly in 6" heels, but 7" that is absolute vertical, her food about 1cm parallel to her pencil thin heel...

So she wanted to walk on these sexy acrobatic shoes, in a tight mini skirt and her extremely ballooned bladder compressed inside a strong corset. She told me, that she reached the 3 additional liters level today and as a punishment, that she wanted to give in, she had drunk another 2 litres while shopping... Sexy Sandy was exaggerating her bladder punishment dangerously today, but I understood her thoughts: it was our Easter, when she had hold the 2.6 litres one year ago for me - just not to wake me up...

I am so proud about my sexy Sandy! But I also fear she could harm her bladder or anything worse...

Sandy looked at me with her wide brown eyes I loved so much. I could see her extreme pain in her now so familiar face, she was frantic secretly and anyhow did not tremble and did not show any other sign of her predicament.

We walked to the river and beside the gurgling river (how hard for poor Sandy) on an old cobblestone pavement with very unregular stones. I saw, how concentrated Sandy walked on this bad way on her 7" heels. I let her walk a few steps before me and could see, how her beautiful sporty calves cramped with every step on these much too high heels. It must be a torture for Sandy, but she liked high heels and she knew, that she fascinated me with high heels - the higher the better, under the condition, that she could properly walk on it - and that she did in a sexy way, even when her legs more and more cramped. Same as she did not show her bladder pain, she just walked on and her legs had to walk properly no way what torture it was.

By the time it got cool and later really cold. It was a dark and starlit night and in April this can be cold to freeing point. Sandy had her miniskirt on and some dark nylons, but she had let her wool pullover at home to show me her bursting full balloon of her bladder. Her corset squeezed it into position and she had fight really hard to hold her pee while it got more and more cold. Her cramped calves also grew up like at a top athlete, but she still walked properly.

We returned at half past 2 in the morning and Sandy decided, that she would stand in front of me for the rest of the night, with light spread legs and hold her heels a centimetre over the ground all the time.

I can see her labia tremble, her thighs and calves are hard and mighty like at a bodybuilder now and her pale face expresses inhuman exertion and devilish tortures, but Sandy doesn't give in today as she never gives in!

After 24 hours I tell her to take away her corset to let her bladder grow to its full size. And Sandy agrees. When I open the knots, her bladder nearly doubles its size. How can a woman walk beside me with such a balloon pressed inside such a tight corset....?

I want to give Sandy sex and she agrees again. I try it from behind her and cannot resist to press her bladder with full force. Sandy screams in panic, but lets me do. I reach her G-spot and she comes - has to stop her orgasm, not to let out all her pee now... She anyhow stays a very little before the total orgasm and anyhow ever stays in control. I get more and more rigid and give more and more pressure onto her bladder. As I know from last year, she has a strong bladder, which will not rip apart by the first hard push... I can feel her bladder cramp more and more often and more and more hard. Her thights have hard cramps too. There is a mirror, where I can see her cramped calves and her heels still about 1 cm over the ground. I never saw such calves and thighs!

Sandies bladder fills more and more and she is getting frantic by her pain, effort and exhaustion. Sandy cannot hold her pee any longer, but she anyhow does...

I bring her jugs with cold water and some fruit juice in it and she drinks it. She drinks so much, that she get problems to contain it in her stomach. After 1.5 hours she can get 1 more glass, but slowly. Her bladder expands more and more. Sandy gets more and more cramps inside her bladder - her body tries to ban the danger to explode. Her cramps are like vomiting, just from her bladder. Then she gets double-cramps one just half a second after the other. And later there are 3 and 4 of these colic cramps. But poor Sandie's bladder solves it all, keeps in, what is put inside once.

After hours Sandie's bladder doesn't expand any more. She still stands with parted legs on her tiptoes and her 7" heels a little over the ground.

Suddenly Sandy lays onto her full bladder, this bulging balloon and starts moving up and down. She tells me, that she has trained her bladder walls after filling it from outside to make sure, that it will not burst at sex with a ballooned bladder. And then she stands up nearly unable to walk with her cramped legs and as I see now also cramped ass. Such a big ass - looks extremely sexy, but what a terrible pain to have such big muscles cramped for ages...?

And then I start - first very carefully and then just normal to give Sandy sex laying on her so overfilled bladder, my legs up from the ground - and she stands the pain and holds her pee in - resisting to fall into orgasm completely. Just very near by. Then she turns onto her belly, now bearing her full weight and she pulls me onto her back. And I get unbalanced and fall onto her back. Sandy screams terribly, but holds me. Unbelievable, her bladder was able to solve this shock too and her sphincter solved this overload too anyhow (was totally cramped even before, as we found out later). And then Sandy got that sex she had dreamed about all her live: maximum load and pressure in and on her bladder and then G-spot stimulation from me, laying on her. Just she was not allowed to have a full orgasm, not to let go...! But anyhow sexy (and weird) Sandy found a bigger kick even in this additional point: control her orgasm in this so absolutely extreme situation.

This time I let me fall into the situation totally - but I fear next year she again will bring the situation to the absolute limit of her body.

I love my Sandy and I hope her bladder will not crash once - she must train it hardly to prevent, but it ever can happen.

I write this with a very mixed feeling: It was explosive sex, but I will never survive it, if Sandie's bladder really bursts and get damaged.

______________________________________________________

WARNING:

Never load too heavy weight onto a full bladder - you cannot know, where the absolute limits are!

Normally a sphincter cannot hold more than a wall of a bladder, but a pre-damaged bladder can burst.

______________________________________________________

*001*2021-10-08 13:43

I just found a matching picture:

© http://www.sexysinna.com

*003*2021-10-08 14:56

The picture has a size of 2.9 MB, as it is an animated GIF of about 10 seconds.

So if you have a slow line, It could be that you just have to wait a little bit!

But here the downloaded and again uploaded picture file

&&

*005*2021-10-09 12:03

{{5 hours ago, Trickling Down said:

Do you know what video this is from?

}}

I searched for it by Google picture reverse search and found it at © https://sexysinna.com

*006*2021-10-09 14:18

{{2 hours ago, Peter-P said:

I searched for it by Google picture reverse search and found it at © https://sexysinna.com

}}

&& 1.3 MB file (animated GIF) – same actor

*007*2021-10-09 14:30

.

Edited October 9, 2021 by Peter-P (see edit history)

*009*2021-10-22 12:19

I just found out the right Japanese sentence for such a woman:

沢山飲んでいっぱい溜めた女

Word by word: A woman who drank a lot and accumulated a lot (BTW: written from right to left) Edited October 22, 2021 by Peter-P (see edit history)

*012*2021-10-24 13:12

{{38 minutes ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Your Sandy is absolutely a heroine

}}

Thank you Princess,

YOU are the real heroine, as unfortunately Sandy is just fiction I dream about...

You are real – just so very far away... (Even so much more farther away by Covid.)

I enjoy to at least be able to write you here

Keep healthy – and keep your strong bladder strong!

{{24 minutes ago, Holdon said:

Yes indeed, we need more heroines like her!

And to imagine she was trying to sort out the washing with so much pee inside her.

}}

Yes, we need them here – but fortunately at least some really live on this planet.

And a few are active writers here

*015*2021-10-27 22:35

{{On 10/24/2021 at 8:25 PM, Holdon said:

I seen a woman's profile picture on FL of her with crossed legs. What made it so erotic was the caption............ 'Before going out for the night'. So as you say, there are such a few very rare women.

}}

Do you remember where exactly this picture was? (link?)

