Wheel of Fortune: A Superposition of Three Stories

Author: satyr

Ending 2

{{

Was that a spot... No. Just a shadow. She's all dry. And mom does all our laundry anyway. There's no way she could conceal an accident. Alex can drink as much as she likes and wait as long as she likes. Adults don't have accidents, and especially not her, Millie thought.

'Now, Alexandra, don't be so crass. Your mother was just concerned,' said their dad.

'Fuck off!' Alex stormed off.

'What did you say?' Her father was redfaced, about to run after her, but her mother held a hand on his shoulder to keep him.

'She'll cool off. Just wait a minute, this whole thing has been very stressful for her,' said her mother, whispered so low Millie could barely hear it. Her parents continued whispering to each other, apparently forgetting all about Millie. She grew a little sad. It was her birthday after all. But she was celebrating with her friends next week and it was going to be so much fun, so who needs parents anyway?

A few minutes later, Alex came back. She looked like she might have cried a bit, but she put on a brave face trying to hide it. As she approached her parents, she was biting her lip. She must not look forward to this.

'I'm sorry,' said Alex. 'I shouldn't have yelled at you like that.'

Their father still had his furrowed brow, but said nothing and listened.

'It's just... I was so embarrassed. All those people saw me acting like such a little child. And then you embarrass me further by asking me if I made it. But it was my own fault. I'm sorry I yelled.'

Her father seemed satisfied. 'Good,' he said simply. 'Now let's continue with your birthday trip, or what, girls?'

Rita smiled. Perhaps her daughter had finally gotten the wake-up call she needed. Although Millie was the younger one, it was Alexandra who always put it off until the last minute. Millie could do that sometimes, but usually she was reasonable. Rita had made sure to remind her when she forgot to make use of 'the last chance to go in a while,' as she said. But Alex had always been so carefree, and when she was younger, she'd hold it until her mother dragged her to the bathroom. 

As she got older, her desperation got less obvious: she became a master of body language disguises, always shivering because of the cold or straying with her hands because she 'didn't realize' what she was doing or dancing oddly 'because she felt like it.' When she passed into teenage years, her mother could no longer outright tell her to go to the toilet. She simply had to hope her gentle nudging and her daughter's apparently monstrous bladder capacity would save her, every time. There had been some close encounters with the wet kind of accident, she believed, but Alex's panties had always been dry. Hence the remark about the 'panty check,' something that she had threatened when Alex was younger and which neither Millie nor the sisters' father knew about.

Now she'd seen how even the infinite bladder has its limits. She'd been embarrassed, but she had held on and hadn't faced the total humiliation of a wetting accident in public, something Rita had once experienced at the age of sixteen and vowed to make sure would never happen to her two girls. Hopefully she'd learned her lesson: go before emergency time. And perhaps her younger daughter would learn it as well. She'd seen her needing the toilet badly earlier and trying to hide it, and had heard Millie's long stream into the toilet as she herself produced a small one. Perhaps Millie was emulating the older sister she admired, even taking on her bad habits?

After the tension diffused, spirits were high. Millie smiled. She forgot how she lost money on a bet, or how her sister had been so embarrassed and angry, or how she'd nearly had an accident herself. Instead, she drank in all the sounds and sights of the festival: its colors, its smells (even the smell of people who'd been sweating all day in the heat), its sounds, and the taste of the green slush she bought at an ice cream stand. Alex seemed to be in good spirits as well, although she'd discarded her habit of always having something liquid in her hand to sip.

Millie saw a funhouse and dragged the family in. Her mother was trying to hint that it was time for them to go home, but she wanted one last experience.

After the funhouse, her father decided they better start the trek back, as they had moved their way slowly from one end of the grounds, where they had parked, to the other. As the sun was setting, it was getting a little colder. Really it was still a warm summer evening, but compared to the heat of midday it was freezing. She felt a shiver, and as she shivered, her bladder shivered too. She ignored it. By the time they got to the car again, it was far from her mind to even consider the bathroom. No one had been eating much, mostly keeping their bellies full with thirt-quenching drinks, but when she got in the car, Millie noticed she was starving. 'Dad, I'm really hungry,' she said.

'I could go for a bite as well,' said Alex. Their mother agreed enthusiastically as well, so they decided to find a restaurant in the nearby city before driving on home. Her dad found a place close to the highway, outside the downtown district. Less of a drive. Once inside, Millie ordered a hamburger with fries, while the others decided on variations of steak. Her mother ordered a glass of white wine, and Alex, proudly flashing her now-legal ID, ordered one as well. Millie felt a little left out, but her father, who was driving, ordered a large Coke, so she decided to have one as well.

'Happy birthday, girls! Cheers!' Said her mother, and they all clinked their glasses.

Once they were back on the road, the whole weight of the day settled on Millie. She'd been up early, had a long drive, then walked around all day. Alex seemed to be even more tired. Shortly after they'd pulled onto the highway, she was fast asleep, and as Millie's eyelids became heavier, the two sisters naturally leaned into each other and fell asleep.

With a jerk, Millie was awake. One second there were red houses and she was riding some kind of bike—a large bike, too large for reality—and the next, she was in her car seat, and something was wrong. She knew immediately what, but didn't want to believe it. It couldn't be true. Between her legs, under her bum, even clinging between her butt cheeks was wet fabric. Her pantyhose, her dress, her pink panties which must now be red. It couldn't be, but she knew it was. She had peed her panties in her sleep, and it was now seeping into the car seat. She'd had an accident and it was the wet, terrible, icky, horrible, humiliating kind that was never talked about in their house because it had never befallen either her or her sister. Millie felt something welling up inside her, almost like she would throw up, but it was just a feeling: a bad feeling, and she tried to suppress a sob. A little yelp got out anyway, and then she was crying, staining her dress with tears.

'Millie, honey, what's wrong?' Somewhere ahead of her, the voice of her mother. There was no way she could hide this, and now she'd revealed that something was wrong, she couldn't even stall the inevitable.

'Mom, I... I had an accident.'

Her mother turned around and looked at her. Most of the accident must be invisible to her, hidden by the darkness in the car or under her dress, but she must have seen something. 'Oh, sweetie...' And she commanded her father to pull over immediately. While Millie slept, they'd apparently passed the highway and turned onto the country road that would take them most of the way home. There was no other traffic, so they simply pulled to a halt with only a bit of the car on the shoulder of the road.

'All right, everybody out!' Her father said. Millie held her head down as she got out of the car, not even daring to look at the mess she'd made of the car seat. Her sister had still been asleep, and didn't stir until her father raised his voice.

'Whaa? Why are we...'

'Your sister wet herself,' her father said matter-of-factly.

'Ew, I think some got on me!' Alex grabbed her purse and quickly got out of the car.

Millie stood silently by the side of the car as her father inspected the damage she'd done.

'Your seat is soaked all right, Millie. And there's quite a bit on Alex's seat as well.'

Her mother looked inquisitively at Alex, who was holding her purse defensively in front of her. Alex immediately moved the purse, revealing that one of her thighs was wet, as was her butt, but there was nothing around the crotch area. 'I told you it got on me. Isn't it, like, two hours 'till we're home? Now I'm gonna have to sit in piss all night.'

Millie had gone silent, but started to cry again. Not only had she peed herself: she'd peed on her sister, and now she must hate her too.

Rita's nightmare scenario for her daughter had come true. Except it was the other daughter. Although Alexandra was six years older and now legally an adult, she was the one who always put it off. 'Luckily, you won't have to,' she said to Alex. 'I packed an overnight bag, just in case we decided to spend the night in a hotel. I have a clean set of clothes for both of you.' She didn't have the heart to tell either daughter there had never been any plans to stay at a hotel. It was simply a habit she'd gotten into with Alex: every long trip, a set of spare clothes hidden, just in case. And although she hadn't expected it from Millie, she was after all younger and smaller, so she'd packed some for her as well. She didn't want to embarrass either daughter further by telling them that not only did they wet themselves sleeping in the car (Millie) or nearly do so at the fair (Alex), but their mother had prepared for it.

The girls changed quietly in the car after their mom had toweled off the worst. Even in their new, dry sweatpants, they'd soon be damp from sitting on the towels. There was nowhere else to sit. Millie was done crying: she was still embarrassed, but the emotional discharge was gone. She had no more energy left for big emotions. She was tired, but couldn't and didn't dare go to sleep again, fearing she might have another accident.

After a while on the road, she noticed her sister was getting restless. As they passed a rest stop— strangely illuminated by a street light that looked like it had been snatched from a real town by aliens and teleported into the desert—Alex put her hands in her lap. Five minutes later, she was sitting on her heel. Alex definitely needed to pee, and knowing that her sister was bursting made Millie feel better about her own accident. If the need was urgent even for her sister, who was six years older and had demonstrated she could carry a camel's load of water before she needed to pee, her accident was more understandable. She leaned over and whispered: 'Alex, do you need to pee?'

'No,' she said, then buried her hands in her crotch. 'Okay, kinda. What's it to you?'

'Why don't you tell mom and dad, and they'll make a stop for you?'

'Don't you dare... I mean, please don't tell mom,' Alex whispered. 'She'd think I was such a baby for—' she stopped herself. 'I'm sorry, sis. You're not a baby for having an accident. But you are six years younger than me. There's no excuse for an adult—my age says I'm an adult—and I'm trying so hard to be one. And I almost failed today, massively. I barely made it to that port-a-potty. If that woman hadn't let me go before her... After that, my mom must already consider me immature. If I admit that, after that experience, I still put it off when I had the chance to go several times... No, when you get older, you'll understand. People expect you to be more mature than you are, sometimes, so you have to put up a brave face and pretend. I'll have to hold it.'

'But what if you have an accident too?'

'Oh, Millie, don't worry about me. I can always wait a little longer.'

Millie must have fallen asleep, because when she awoke, the car was rolling into the driveway. She looked over to her sister, who was bouncing her bum up and down, making her ponytail wave like a flag, hands digging directly at her pee hole. She appeared to have made it this far, but the most perilous stage of her journey still remained, Millie knew. She hadn't quite gotten why her sister couldn't admit to needing the bathroom, but had understood that it was very important to her that she get to the bathroom as quickly as possible without letting on how desperate she was.

Millie got out of the car. Their father opened the trunk and took out the two shopping bags they had filled, mostly with trinkets bought at various vendors, fun things Millie had wanted spontaneously when she saw them but had now forgotten all about. She couldn't remember a thing she'd spent money on, except the bet with the magician, and yet she knew there were many things in those bags that belonged to her. Her mother called to Millie as she walked towards the front door: 'You girls definitely need a shower before bed. Don't you agree? Would you like to go first?' She would very much like to go first, to really scrub herself clean of the icky feeling of the accident. The towels were only a band-aid. But she also wanted her sister to get a chance to go first. They only had one bathroom in the house.

'Alex, could you please do me a favor? Carry these shopping bags to the kitchen and sort out what belongs to you and what belongs to your sister.' Alex, who had just gotten out of the car and was shifting her weight subtly back and forth, the bare minimum of movement needed to contain the flood, froze up. Millie knew she couldn't say just rush to the bathroom now. Still, her sister bravely carried the bags in while their mother led Millie upstairs to shower. As they exchanged glances, her on the stairs and Alex in the hall, Alex mimed zipping her mouth shut and struggled on towards the kitchen. Millie simply followed her mother, not saying a word although she felt she should.

'Here are some clean clothes, and there are towels in the bathroom closet. Go take a good long shower and get off that icky feeling,' said her mother. Millie dutifully took the pile of clothes, locked the bathroom door, undressed and jumped in the shower. The water was cleansing: the last feelings of shame and humiliation went down the drain with the last remnants of the pee. In a few months, she may even laugh at all this. But she still worried: what about Alex?

Downstairs, Alex got the sorting done in record time. It wasn't like there was any doubt what belonged to her: all the stupid little things that would end up at a garage sale next year having seen no use whatsoever were her sister's. But now she was entering the same stage of desperation as she had been in while second in line at the port-a-potty. And this time, no one would let her go first. Alex somehow got upstairs without a leak, and, finding the bathroom locked and hearing the shower running, as expected, she hobbled to her room, dumped her butt down in her computer chair and googled: 'howto hold pee when desperate.'

Rita passed by her daughter's room and peeked in through the open door: Alex was frantically jumping up and down while holding herself in her computer chair, and the computer was on. She should have expected as much: after all she'd had to drink that day, going only once and skipping the restroom at the restaurant, she must be desperate again. Even Rita could use good pee after the four-hour drive, and she had made sure to use the restroom at every opportunity. I have to speed up the shower process or I'll have two wet girls in one day, she thought.

But then she considered the fact that even a close call in public hadn't been enough for Alex to change her habit of putting it off. Rita had always been motivated, even to the point of being overprotective, by the feeling that whatever wrongs she had experienced in her childhood should never befall her children. She'd wet her pants in public at sixteen and been mortified, ridiculed until she moved away for college; she'd been the sort to put it off, just like Alex. But this was different: if Alex didn't make it tonight, only she and Rita would know, and although it would be humiliating, it would be nothing compared to a public accident. And perhaps it would be a lesson learned, finally. With a heavy heart, she resolved to let the matter sort itself out. Either she made it on her own or she didn't. I hate tough love, she thought. I hope I won't regret this decision.

Fifteen minutes later, Millie emerged from the bathroom, wet hair in a towel and fresh pajamas on. Rita saw Alex rush into the bathroom without locking. She was shuffling with one hand in her crotch even as she opened the door. 'Oh God!' She yelled, loud enough that even the neighbors might hear it. Rita certainly picked it up, as did Millie, who had fallen asleep instantly and was awakened by the yell. But was it a yell of despair, or relief? Five minutes later, Alex calmly walked out of the bathroom.

As Rita did the laundry the next day, she found only one pair of wet panties that belonged to Alex, and they were the ones that had been stained by Millie's accident. The spare ones she had given her were entirely dry, not a spot on them. I guess she passed the panty check once again. Maybe this going to the bathroom before it's an emergency thing is a lesson for another day.

}}

Ending 3

{{

She's all dry. And mom does all our laundry anyway. There's no way she could conceal an accident. But she'd never have one anyway. Alex is like a camel. Adults don't have accidents, and especially not her, Millie thought.

'Now, Alexandra, don't be so crass. Your mother was just concerned,' said their dad.

'Fuck off!' Alex stormed off.

'What did you say?' Her father was redfaced, about to run after her, but her mother held a hand on his shoulder to keep him.

'She'll cool off. Just wait a minute, this whole thing has been very stressful for her,' said her mother, whispered so low Millie could barely hear it. Her parents continued whispering to each other, apparently forgetting all about Millie. She grew a little sad. It was her birthday after all. But she was celebrating with her friends next week and it was going to be so much fun, so who needs parents anyway?

A few minutes later, Alex came back. She looked like she might have cried a bit, but she put on a brave face trying to hide it. As she approached her parents, she was biting her lip. She must not look forward to this.

'I'm sorry,' said Alex. 'I shouldn't have yelled at you like that.'

Their father still had his furrowed brow, but said nothing and listened.

'It's just... I was so embarrassed. All those people saw me acting like such a little child. And then you embarrass me further by asking me if I made it. But it was my own fault. I'm sorry I yelled.'

Her father seemed satisfied. 'Good,' he said simply. Perhaps he simply didn't feel like taking a fight. Or perhaps her mom had whispered something to him that cooled him off. 'Now let's continue with your birthday trip, or what, girls?'

Rita smiled. Perhaps her daughter had finally gotten the wake-up call she needed. Although Millie was the younger one, it was Alexandra who always put it off until the last minute. Millie could do that sometimes, but usually she was reasonable. Rita had made sure to remind her when she forgot to make use of 'the last chance to go in a while,' as she said. But Alex had always been so carefree, and when she was younger, she'd hold it until her mother dragged her to the bathroom. 

As she got older, her desperation got less obvious: she became a master of body language disguises, always shivering because of the cold or straying with her hands because she 'didn't realize' what she was doing or dancing oddly 'because she felt like it.' When she passed into teenage years, her mother could no longer outright tell her to go to the toilet. She simply had to hope her gentle nudging and her daughter's apparently monstrous bladder capacity would save her, every time. There had been some close encounters with the wet kind of accident, she believed, but Alex's panties had always been dry. Hence the remark about the 'panty check,' something that she had threatened when Alex was younger and which neither Millie nor the sisters' father knew about.

Now she'd seen how even the infinite bladder has its limits. She'd been embarrassed, but she had held on and hadn't faced the total humiliation of a wetting accident in public, something Rita had once experienced at the age of sixteen and vowed to make sure would never happen to her two girls. Hopefully she'd learned her lesson: go before emergency time. And perhaps her younger daughter would learn it as well. She'd seen her needing the toilet badly earlier and trying to hide it, and had heard Millie's long stream into the toilet as she herself produced a small one. Perhaps Millie was emulating the older sister she admired, even taking on her bad habits?

After the tension diffused, spirits were high. Millie smiled. She forgot how she lost money on a bet, or how her sister had been so embarrassed and angry, or how she'd nearly had an accident herself. Instead, she drank in all the sounds and sights of the festival: its colors, its smells (even the smell of people who'd been sweating all day in the heat), its sounds, and the taste of the green slush she bought at an ice cream stand. Alex seemed to be in good spirits as well, picking up where she left off where sipping water was concerned.

Millie saw a funhouse and dragged the family in. Her mother was trying to hint that it was time for them to go home, but she wanted one last experience.

After the funhouse, her father decided they better start the trek back, as they had moved their way slowly from one end of the grounds, where they had parked, to the other. As the sun was setting, it was getting a little colder. Really it was still a warm summer evening, but compared to the heat of midday it was freezing. She felt a shiver, and as she shivered, her bladder shivered too. She ignored it. By the time they got to the car again, it was far from her mind to even consider the bathroom. No one had been eating much, mostly keeping their bellies full with thirt-quenching drinks, but when she got in the car, Millie noticed she was starving. 'Dad, I'm really hungry,' she said.

Alex was nodding off. Apparently the lack of sleep had caught up with her: always going to bed late and today, up early and out all day expending energy. Their mother agreed enthusiastically about getting food, and Alex merely grumbled, so they decided to find a restaurant in the nearby city before driving on home. Her dad found a place close to the highway, outside the downtown district. Less of a drive. Once inside, Millie ordered a hamburger with fries, while the others decided on variations of steak. Her mother ordered a glass of white wine, and Alex, still sleepy, said a small glass of water was fine. Her father, who was driving, didn't join her mother in drinking wine, but ordered a large Coke, so Millie decided to have one as well.

'Happy birthday, girls! Cheers!' Said her mother, and they all clinked their glasses.

Once they were back on the road, the whole weight of the day settled on Millie. She'd been up early, had a long drive, then walked around all day. Alex was fast asleep almost as soon as they pulled out of the restaurant, and as Millie's eyelids closed as well, the two sisters naturally leaned into each other and fell asleep.

With a jerk, Millie was awake. One second there were red houses and she was riding some kind of bike—a large bike, too large for reality—and the next, she was in her car seat, and something was wrong. She knew immediately what, but didn't want to believe it. It couldn't be true. Between her legs, under her bum, even clinging between her butt cheeks was wet fabric. Her pantyhose, her dress, her pink panties which must now be red. It was impossible, but she knew it was true. She had peed her panties in her sleep, and it was now seeping into the car seat. She'd had an accident and it was the wet, terrible, icky, horrible, humiliating kind that was never talked about in their house because it had never befallen either her or her sister. Millie felt something welling up inside her, almost like she would throw up, but it was just a feeling: a bad feeling, and she tried to suppress a sob. A little yelp got out anyway, and then she was crying, staining her dress with tears.

'Millie, honey, what's wrong?' Somewhere ahead of her, the voice of her mother. There was no way she could hide this, and now she'd revealed that something was wrong, she couldn't even stall the inevitable.

'Mom, I... I had an accident.'

Her mother turned around and looked at her. Most of the accident must be invisible to her, hidden by the darkness in the car or under her dress, but she must have seen something. 'Oh, sweetie...' And she commanded her father to pull over immediately. While Millie slept, they'd apparently passed the highway and turned onto the country road that would take them most of the way home. There was no other traffic, so they simply pulled to a halt with only a bit of the car on the shoulder of the road.

'All right, everybody out!' Her father said. Millie held her head down as she got out of the car, not even daring to look at the mess she'd made of the car seat. Her sister had still been asleep, and didn't stir until her father raised his voice.

'Whaa? Why are we...'

'Your sister wet herself,' her father said matter-of-factly.

Alex opened her eyes, but stayed in the car. It appeared to take her a moment to register, then she said simply: 'Some must have gotten on me as well.' Then she slowly climbed out.

Millie stood silently by the side of the car as her father inspected the damage she'd done.

'Your seat is soaked all right, Millie. And there's quite a bit on Alex's seat as well.'

One of Alex's thighs was wet, as was her butt, but there was nothing around the crotch area. 'I... Uh...' Apparently, her brain wasn't working as fast as usual. Clearly she was still in sleep mode. 'I don't want to sit in wet clothes the rest of the way.'

Millie had gone silent, but started to cry again. Not only had she peed herself: she'd peed on her sister, and now her sister must hate her too.

Rita's nightmare scenario for her daughter had come true. Except it was the other daughter. Although Alexandra was six years older and now legally an adult, she was the one who always put it off.

'Luckily, you won't have to,' Rita said to Alex. 'I packed an overnight bag, just in case we decided to spend the night in a hotel. I have a clean set of clothes for both of you.' She didn't have the heart to tell either daughter there had never been any plans to stay at a hotel. It was simply a habit she'd gotten into with Alex: every long trip, a set of spare clothes hidden, just in case. And although she hadn't expected it from Millie, she was after all younger and smaller, so she'd packed some for her as well. She didn't want to embarrass either daughter further by telling them that not only did they wet themselves sleeping in the car (Millie) or nearly do so at the fair (Alex), but their mother had prepared for it.

The girls changed quietly in the car after their mom had toweled off the worst. Even in their new, dry sweatpants, they'd soon be damp from sitting on the towels. There was nowhere else to sit. Millie was done crying: she was still embarrassed, but the emotional discharge was gone. She had no more energy left for big emotions. She was tired, but couldn't and didn't dare go to sleep again, fearing she might have another accident.

Alex fell asleep again as they pulled onto the road again and got going. Millie tried staring out the window to distract herself, both from residual embarrassment and from boredom, but it was too dark to see anything. Instead, she looked at her sleeping sister. As they passed a rest stop— marked by a street light that looked so out of place it was like the last remnant of a town that had once stood here, out in the country, and mysteriously vanished—she noticed that her sister was beginning to stir in her sleep. Her thighs rubbed together, and although she clearly wasn't awake, she was squirming in her sleep. Did her sister have to pee too? Should she wake her up? No. She's a camel, after all. An adult who'd never pee her bed. Unlike... Me. She almost cried again, but managed to get herself under control.

Instead, as they neared their own hometown, she watched with fascination as her sister squirmed more fiercely than ever, but still did not wake up. Perhaps she needed to pee so much she was dreaming about standing in line? Perhaps even reliving the port-a-potty? Finally, they pulled into the driveway home. Alex opened her eyes and immediately squeezed her crotch, but then she closed her eyes again and her hands did not stray. Millie got out of the car and helped her mother carry in the two shopping bags they'd filled that day, mostly with trinkets bought at various vendors, fun things Millie had wanted spontaneously when she saw them but had now forgotten all about. She couldn't remember a thing she'd spent money on, except the bet with the magician, and yet she knew there were many things in those bags that belonged to her.

Her mother called to Millie as she walked towards the front door: 'You girls definitely need a shower before bed. Don't you agree? Would you like to go first?' She would very much like to go first, to really scrub herself clean of the icky feeling of the accident. The towels were only a band-aid.

Her mother found clean clothes for her, and instructed her to clean herself up thoroughly. 'I'm sure you'll feel much better once you've had a shower, honey.' Millie took the pajamas and panties she'd been handed and stepped into the bathroom. She stripped off her pants still damp in the rear from the towels in the car, and immediately felt freer. Once she stepped into the shower and felt the water touch her skin, it was like the last feelings of shame and embarrassment went down the drain with the last urine. She luxuriated in the hot water, the feeling of cleanliness, and she lost track of time. A sharp knock on the door brought her back to reality. Someone was insistently banging on the door and yelling something, so she turned off the shower head and opened the curtain.

'Millie, please open up, it's an emergency!' It was her sister. Now Millie remembered that her sister had seemed like she needed to pee. No wonder, either, with all she'd had to drink that day and only relieving herself once. I shouldn't have occupied the bathroom so long, she thought. That was unfair to her. I should have woken her up in the car. I knew she needed to go. Millie immediately got out of the shower and, casually holding a towel so that it kind of covered her—it was nothing her sister hadn't seen before, anyway—she opened the door.

Alex stood on the doorstep with her legs crossed. As she stepped in and closed the door, Millie saw a dark spot between her legs. Another step towards the toilet, and it started to grow. Alex froze, two steps from the toilet. The look in her eyes was like that of a wounded animal faced with a large predator. 'I can't stop it,' she said. The dark spot starting growing, and Millie could now hear an audible hiss as her sister wet herself, peeing all over the bathroom floor. Alex's inner thighs were wet from the crotch to the ankles; there was a rather large spot in-between her legs. She continued going, and then widened her stance as a continuous stream of liquid fell between her legs to the floor, a tiny Niagara.

She'd had so much water that the pee was almost transparent: only a faint yellowness could be seen in the spreading puddle on the floor, and there was no odor she could pick up. Once the worst of it was over, and it might have been a minute of forceful peeing until she got there—time had slipped for Millie again, as she witnessed an adult have a complete wetting accident for the first time—but finally, Alex seemed to gain the ability to move again, and awkwardly shuffled over to the toilet. She pulled down her soaked pants, revealing panties that had gone transparent, white ones with a small yellow discoloration: those she didn't even bother removing, simply finishing the accident into the toilet.

Millie didn't know what to say. She looked over at her sister, and saw that tears were welling up. Perhaps she hadn't realized fully what had happened until now, too sleepy or too absorbed with the relief itself. 'I wet myself... I was awake and I just didn't make it to the bathroom. On my eighteenth birthday.' She sobbed, but managed to gain control of herself, and while she had tears flowing down her cheeks, her voice was steady.

'I'm so sorry for hogging the bathroom,' said Millie. What else can I say? I mean, she didn't have anything to say to comfort me about my accident. But she wasn't mean about it either, even though I peed on her and made her sit on a wet towel for hours. I thought this never happened to adults: what do you say to comfort someone who's had the impossible happen to them? Like a meteorite. She'd seen them on television. What if a big rock simply fell on your house from space and destroyed all you owned and cared for? It couldn't happen, but what if it did? Surely it was worse than wetting yourself as an adult, but to Millie, it was in the same realm of impossibility until she saw it happen.

'Please don't tell mom,' Alex said. 'She'd think I was such a baby for—' she stopped herself. 'I'm sorry, sis. You're not a baby for having an accident. But you are six years younger than me. There's no excuse for an adult—my age says I'm an adult—and I'm trying so hard to be one. And I failed today, massively. I barely made it to that port-a-potty. If that woman hadn't let me go before her... After that, my mom must already consider me immature. And then this...'

Millie walked over, nude, and gave her pissy sister a hug.

'Thank you,' said Alex. 'Mom can never know about this. If you don't say anything, I'll show you how to use the washer, in case you ever need it. She thinks I don't know how to do my own laundry, but I do. Not that I've ever needed to hide something before... But I'm trying to be an adult, I like knowing how to do adult things. I'll be moving out soon...' She was rambling.

'I won't say a word. I swear. You don't have to bribe me. I understand.'

'Eighteen is like, happy birthday to you, you've gone from child to grown up in one day. And I try, but I guess it's not something that happens over night, you know? You're still so young. Treasure it. The freedom to be a child a little longer.' And she said more things, whispered in her sister's ear, soothing things, meant to soothe herself more than anything, but it also soothed Millie. After a while, it became uncomfortable to hug with one of them sitting on the toilet with wet pants around her ankles and the other standing beside her, dripping nude. Millie dried off with her towel, then put it on the floor and, with the application of several more towels, managed to mop up Alex's puddle. Alex undressed fully and rinsed off in the shower.

The wet clothes were put in the washer, and Alex instructed Millie how to program it to also engage the drying function, in the hope they'd be dry enough by tomorrow morning to fool their mother. Alex set an alarm so she'd wake up in time before her mother caught the clothes in the washer, then she wrapped herself up in towels and headed to bed. Millie put on the pajamas her mother had given her, and laid down in bed. But something didn't feel right. Oh. She got out of bed again and made sure to go to the bathroom.

As Rita did the laundry the next day, she found only one pair of wet panties that belonged to Alex, and they were the ones that had been stained by Millie's accident. The spare ones she had given her were entirely dry, not a spot on them. I guess she passed the panty check once again. Maybe she finally learned her lesson. Almost wetting yourself in public and then seeing your sister do it all over the car in one day ought to do it.

}}

*002*2014-02-13 15:06

Thank you, orbgon. It's always nice to hear it's appreciated when you put a lot of work into a story. Or three in one, as it may be.

*004*2014-02-14 12:33

Thank you, Flush. Personally:

{{ 

I wrote ending 1 first, and like it a lot. But not so much that I wanted it to be the ending. I had other ideas too, ideas that might entertain the readers, so I wrote all three. Originally I'd planned to do a fourth ending, so that all the possibilities were covered: one where each of the two main characters wet, but not the other; one where both wet, and one where both are desperate but make it. But I realized the fourth ending would have to be written completely anew, different from all the other endings, and I decided it would be too much work for an already long story just to complete the least interesting ending.

}}

I hope the story works whether you read only one ending, or you read all three. That was the goal: a story where each possibility can stand on its own, but can also cast a new light on the others, so that the whole becomes more than the parts. That way, people can enjoy it either way. Sometimes when I read a story or experience, or witness something myself, it can be more exciting not to know what might have happened (especially if what actually happened wasn't exciting), because then you can fantasize, imagine for yourself. Whereas a definite ending, whether it be to a story or a real-life experience, kind of cuts off that speculation and fantasy for me.

I guess that's why I personally am not a fan of fanfiction (although I have no problems with people reading or writing it, it's just not my thing). For me, the original text is the canon, and it doesn't feel "right" or I can't really immerse myself in something that strays from the canon. But that's me personally, it's not meant to be a judgment about others. So that's why I suggested you might not want to read the other endings when you've read one. Either the one you read was exciting, in which case the others will likely be a disappointment; or it wasn't exciting, and you have to consider whether you think your own imagination can come up with a more exciting ending than mine.
