Subject: Taylor Reynolds

Author: Short Shanks

*000*2012-09-12 04:51

So, I wrote this because I was dropping by the fiction forum and was like "why not?". There is not much wetting yet, but, that's because of the version. The way it'll work is that I will have two threads: One of which is from the friend "main character" and the other of which is a more scientific analysis of the portagonist. It seemed like fun, and I've been wanting to do something like this for a while. The wetting should never get too involved due to the nature of the characters, but we'll see how I can work it in there for you people. And then maybe work it out for other people who are not into it, eh?

Subject: Taylor Reynolds.

Day: 431. Monday, August 22, 2016.

The subject was not in his room today when we went to find him. He escaped by detaching a rail from his bed frame and by using that to remove the hinges of his door. It’s interesting to see what the subject can and cannot come up with. The door has been unlocked for about a month now, and Johnson and I are eagerly awaiting the day he tries to open the door conventionally. A search party was sent to find him, and he was found, eventually, in the kitchens.

His blood work was normal and the MRI was also inconclusive. We made him run for a while, and he appears to have significantly less stamina today than he did yesterday, for reasons that baffle us to no end. He wet himself intentionally after the MRI, though he did lose much liquid. Johnson figures that he did so we would give some measure of privacy, but I think I’ll just wait and see if he tells us why in the diary.

On the way back to his evening room, he bit and scratched one of the orderlies, and he even managed to escape, but he only managed to stagger a few steps before falling into a screaming heap. He recovered quickly, and cooperated for the rest of his journey. I feel it would be safer for everybody involved if the knives were removed from the kitchen after use. He is not normally dangerous, but I do not want him armed when he is.

I hope that tomorrow brings us closer to understanding his situation so that we might find a treatment for him. I really do miss him; the ward is just not the same without his guidance.

