A fairy's accident (messing/wetting)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-07-12 07:42

Marla, a usually shy 530-year-old fairy (appears as a 19-year-old human) standing only one foot tall, was just landing on a tree to rest after flying all day. Her sweaty body from the 110-degree heat was as if a rainstorm had attacked her. As she tries to catch her breath, she had felt a very strong need to use the restroom. Feeling this, she decides to get up and fly straight home. But she grew so tired from flying that she ended up landing slowly on the ground halfway.

"I can't do it," she says. "I'm too tired. But I really have to go, and I don't know how much longer I can hold it. Maybe I can find a ditch somewhere."

Too tired to fly any longer, Marla ended up walking towards her house. But two hours later, she started to feel the pressure grow stronger. She was only several meters from her house when the pressure finally became unbearable. Desperate, she changed courses to a nearby set of bushes at the base of a huge tree. She checks to see if anyone was around.

"Oh, no, it's coming! It'c COMING!" she whined as she went behind the bushes and yanked up her dress. But just as soon as she touched her panties, she had felt a huge hand grab her waist and pick her up high into the air. It was a giant! (Well, just a normal person, but to her, it was a giant...)

"Well, well, well," the giant said. "What do we have here?"

"Excuse me, sir," Marla asks kindly, squirming to hold in her load, "but could you kindly let me down for a few minutes to use the restroom? Please?"

Unfortunately, the giant had headphones in his ears and couldn't hear a word that was said. Curious, though, he lifts his little and ring fingers to reveal Marla's pink-striped panties. Having more freedom on her legs, she presses them together in hope to keep in her massive load. But her efforts were in vain, as the giant then wrapped his fingers back over her body, thankfully recovering her panties back up, and started to squeeze her body a little. The pressure was so intense that she let out a big fart.

*PFFFFFFFFFBBBBBT!*

("It's gonna come...!")

Seeing that Marla looked to be in pain, the giant released his grip on her, intending to let her go. But Marla was too tired to even try to fly. She ended up sitting on his palm with her legs closed. Finally hearing her panting and wheezing (and feeling her sweaty body), the giant takes off his headphones and places them on the ground. He takes off her dress and strains it. As he is straining her dress, he stares at her pale white bra and her pink-striped panties. Marla blushes as she notices that the giant was staring at her. But at that very moment, she feels as if she is just about to have an accident.

("Here it comes...!")

Marla closes her eyes as she spreads her legs apart and leaned forward.

*PFFFFBBBBPT PPPPT PPPPPBBBBT FPPPPPPPBBBPT PPT PBBBT!!!*

Marla had let out several big and juicy farts before finally releasing her load into her panties.

*PBBT PPPPPPPPBT SPPPT PPPPT PPPPTT BBBBPT! SPPPT PPPPPP PPPPPPPPPBBT!!*

Her panties darkened in the back as they started to fill and expand. But then she started to feel something come out in the front. She places her hand on her butt cheek as she finishes to soil herself.

*SPPPPPBT BBBT PPFFFFFFFFT!*

Her panties had started to feel heavy as she finally had finished soiling them. She opened her eyes and stared at her heavy load in the back, and then turned and looked down at the front side as she is just about ready to release her other load.

*PSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhh......*

Marla stares at the stream coming out of her panties as she splatters onto the giant's hand. She could hear a loud hissing sound in her panties as she releases at full force. By the time she had finished having her accident(s), the giant had finished drying her dress. He had stared long and hard at the lump in the back of her panties, and the little pond she made on his hand.

"Excuse me," Marla asks kindly. "If you don't mind, could you...change me?"

