Slumber Party Secrets

Author: shortandsweet

*000*2013-07-24 21:37

Well, here's a little something I've been working on. Please comment and let me know if I should continue. Thanks, and I hope you enjoy it.

~~

Bethany could hardly contain her excitement as she rushed out the school doors. Today-after weeks and weeks of begging her mom-she would finally get to host her first slumber party. All day she had been eagerly anticipating the party and now that school was done for the week, she was anxious to get home and start preparing.

Bethany sat on a school bench as she waited for her mom to come and pick her up. While she waited, she began to think about how great this slumber party was going to be. Just hosting the party was a pretty big deal for her. Bethany had been very shy when she was a child, especially in middle school, so naturally it was very hard for her to make friends. It was only upon entering high school that Bethany started to come out of her shell. Now, while not being the most popular girl by any means, she at least had gained more confidence and hosting this slumber party was sure to improve her confidence even more.

Suddenly, Bethany felt her phone vibrate. She pulled it out of her jeans pocket and saw that she’d gotten a text.

From: Julianne D.

Hey B. can’t wait for tonite! maddie said she and celeste are gonna bring doritos and stuff. well, u know me, I can’t eat those things. gotta watch that figure! but still pumped for the party. girls night ftw! :D

Bethany smiled and quickly replied to the text.

Yeah, it’s gonna be awesome! I finally convinced my mom to not over-supervise us so we can do pretty much anything we want! See u at 6

She sent the text message and slid the phone back into her pocket. She was really grateful for everything that Julianne had done for her ever since she decided to turn over a new leaf and open herself up to people. Why, if it wasn’t for darling Julie, Bethany wouldn’t have gained that momentum and the self-esteem to start mingling with other people. Bethany was initially surprised and admittedly a bit apprehensive when Julianne, one of the most popular girls in the school, had approached her one day, but that simple conversation had opened up a whole new world for Bethany. Suddenly she became more noticed, her wallflower status a thing of the past. While she never became half as popular as Julianne, she did become much less reserved. Julianne was the best friend Bethany had always wanted in elementary and middle school but never had.

Of course, Julianne wasn’t the only person that was invited to Bethany’s slumber party. Maddie and Celeste had somehow formed a group with them, despite being significantly less popular then Julianne. Bethany liked to hope the four of them would eventually become as close as the girls in Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. While she wasn’t as close with Maddie and Celeste as she was with Julianne, she was getting to know them more and more each time they did something together. Maddie and Celeste had been best friends before they’d joined up with Bethany and Julianne, and it was definitely true that opposites attract. Maddie was a spunky tomboy who hardly ever lived by the rules, while Celeste lived in an upper class home and was usually very conservative. However, Bethany knew they would all have a good time that afternoon.

Bethany saw her mom’s car pull into the parking lot, and she got off the bench and ran towards the car. After getting inside and greeting her mom, the car drove off. All the way home, Bethany couldn’t stop chatting about the slumber party. She felt so bubbly and excited she started bouncing in her seat. Bethany saw her mother smiling. It was obvious she was happy for her daughter. Another bonus for Bethany was the fact that her mother had agreed to back off and not get in the way of the slumber party. After all, the girls were all 14 so they could manage on their own. Bethany was on cloud nine.

She’d only attended one slumber party before, when she was 12. But she had only been invited out of pity, and throughout the whole party Bethany had felt like the third wheel. (Or in this case, the eleventh wheel, since there were 10 other girls.) Bethany couldn’t even bear to spend the night at the girl’s house and had asked her parents while the other girls were asleep if she could phone home, and she spent the entire duration of the car ride home in tears.

But this time would be different. There would be no third wheel. There would be no tears. This was going to be a perfect slumber party. One for the books.

~~

As soon as she got home, the first thing Bethany did was make sure her house was spotless. She tidied everything around the house, vacuumed, and even cleaned her room, something she rarely did, much to her mother’s delight. She made sure to hide any old toys or things the other girls might view as childish. Then she took shower even though she’d already taken one the day before.

Bethany brushed her long, thin blonde hair and changed into a pink top and jeans. She stood in front of her bedroom mirror and looked at herself.

“Am I too casual?” She thought to herself. “Should I change? Or am I just making too big a deal out of this? After all, it’s not like I’m attending a formal gala.” Bethany sighed, and flopped onto her bed. Ever since she’d begun making new friends, she always strived to make a good impression, especially with Julianne. She knew she shouldn’t stress so much about something as trivial as her choice of wardrobe, yet there was always that nagging feeling at the back of her brain that she had to fit in, she had to look trendy, or else all her friends would go down the drain.

When it was 6 PM, Bethany was pacing in front of the front door. She looked around one last time to make sure everything was in order.

Perfect. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Bethany rushed towards the door and opened it. There on the doorstep stood Julianne, Maddie, and Celeste. Julianne’s mom had offered to drive the girls to Bethany’s house, that way they wouldn’t have to worry about anyone showing up late and stalling the party.

“Hey guys!” Bethany greeted with a joyful smile. She hugged the girls and they all stepped inside. As soon as she saw what they were wearing, Bethany was glad she’d decided to go casual. Maddie had short, caramel hair with blonde highlights. She wore a baggy T-shirt with Adidas shorts. Celeste had her glossy black hair in a ponytail and wore a purple Babydoll dress. And Julianne wore a cute blouse over grey leggings, her orange bracelet matching the colour of her long wavy hair.

As soon as the girls made themselves at home, they began to partake in typical slumber party activities. They gossiped, played Twister, ate loads of junk food, gave each other makeovers, painted their nails, danced, watched Mean Girls, even made a couple of prank phone calls. It was safe to say that it was the most fun Bethany had had in a long time. She tried to treasure each and every moment before the sun went down.

It wasn’t until late in the evening that things got a little different. After dinner, Julianne saw an empty glass bottle of soda, and suggested they play Truth or Dare. Everyone liked the idea. So they ran into the living room and sat in a circle. Julianne placed the glass bottle in the center of the group and decided she should get to go first since she was the one who suggested the game. Everyone thought it was fair. So after going over the groundrules and unanimously agreeing that there would be no kissing dares (because that would just be too awkward) Julianne gave the bottle a spin. It finally stopped at Bethany.

Bethany gulped.

“Okay. Truth or dare?” Julianne asked. Bethany tried to ponder the decision. She was too cowardly to pick Dare, but at the same time she wasn’t so sure about Truth either. What if she was asked something really embarrassing? After realizing that it was pretty much a lose-lose situation, Bethany took a deep breath and finally went with truth. After all, maybe Julianne would go easy on her, and how bad could it be?

“Have you ever kissed a boy?” Julianne asked. Maddie and Celeste’s faces lit up with curiosity. Bethany sighed. So much for Julianne going easy on her.

Bethany looked down. “Um… yes. Twice, actually. I was sitting with him on the Ferris wheel, we could see the whole city from up there. Then, he leaned in close to me and we kissed. It was beautiful…until my alarm clock went off and I had to get ready for school” She admitted sheepishly, and blushed. Julianne giggled, while Maddie and Celeste rolled their eyes. Bethany reached for the bottle and gave it a spin.

The next few rounds were rather uneventful. Bethany was starting to wished they had allowed kissing dares, because these dares were really not that creative or entertaining. And she also felt a bit embarrassed that her friends were all picking dares while she had meekly picked truth. Therefore she was relieved when Julianne finally picked truth; she was glad she wasn’t the only one.

“Truth, huh?” Maddie rested her fingers on her chin as she thought about what to ask. After a few seconds, she looked at Julianne with a wide smirk on her face. “What kind of fetishes do you have?”

Julianne’s eyes widened. She suddenly looked very uncomfortable.

Celeste looked at Maddie disapprovingly. “Maddie, isn’t that a little too personal?” She said.

Maddie shrugged. “Hey, the girl wants Truth, I’m givin’ her Truth.”

Julianne suddenly spoke in a hushed voice, the other girls inched closer in order to hear what she said, “You guys are gonna think this is really weird. But you can’t tell anyone. Got it?” The girls nodded. Julianne took a deep breath. “Please don’t laugh, okay?”

“Oh, don’t worry. I’m still in stitches over Bethany “kissing” those boys in her dreams!” Maddie quipped, and Celeste snorted. Bethany gave them an annoyed glare. They then turned back to Julianne, more curious then ever.

Julianne sighed. It was obvious she wasn’t going to get out of this one. “Okay. So, I’m kind of into” She lowered her voice so it was barely louder then a whisper “wetting.”

The girls all looked confused.

“Weddings?” Asked Celeste. “You mean like, getting married?”

Julianne shook her head swiftly. “No, no, I mean like…” Her voice lowered again “wetting yourself.”

Maddie and Bethany’s eyebrows shot up.

Celeste scrunched up her face. “Seriously?”

“Wow, how did that happen?” Maddie asked, very intrigued.

Julianne fidgeted with her hands. “Well, it was back in sixth grade. We were in class, and there was this gir-I mean, this person, and they really had to go. But the teacher didn’t let them. So eventually, they just couldn’t hold it anymore, and well, I guess that got me fascinated with watching people lose control, and I kind of wanted to try it myself.”

“So let me get this straight. You pee yourself…on purpose?” Maddie asked in disbelief.

Julianne nodded. “Yeah, sometimes. Only when my parents aren’t around. I like to see how long I can hold it. It’s kind of fun. I think there’s a Japanese word for this fetish, I don’t remember what it is. I told you it’s really weird.”

“Wow dude, I don’t know what to say” Maddie remarked.

Celeste sighed, she clearly didn’t want to hear about this topic anymore. “Well, that’s that! Now, let’s stop embarrassing poor Julianne and move on with the game, shall we?”

“Thank you!” Said Julianne, grateful to not have to discuss her fetish anymore.

The four girls played a few more rounds of Truth or Dare before they decided to call it a night. Celeste and Maddie quickly seemed to forget about Julianne’s unexpected confession, but Bethany couldn’t stop thinking about it. She was shocked that her best friend, someone she had always admired, would have any fetishes at all, let alone such an unclean fetish. It was baffling.

~~

After the girls changed into their PJ’s and nightgowns and brushed their teeth, they settled into their sleeping accomodations in Bethany’s room. Bethany would be sharing her bed with Julianne, while Celeste and Maddie would be sleeping on mattresses on the floor.

“Good night, girls” Said Bethany’s mom, peeking through the doorframe.

“Good night!” The girls said in unison before Bethany’s mom turned off the light and left.

All the afternoon’s activities must have worn her friends out, because pretty soon Bethany could hear soft snoring coming from the other girls. She closed her eyes and rubbed her almost full bladder.

She still wasn’t entirely sure why she was doing this, and if it was even a good idea. Earlier, when Bethany was in the bathroom brushing her teeth with the other girls, she couldn’t take her mind off Julianne’s confession. The part that stuck out the most was, “I like to see how long I can hold it.” This gave Bethany an idea. Instead of using the toilet before going to bed like she would normally do, she decided to hold it instead. And given the number of fluids she had drunk earlier, she knew there would be a lot to hold. She also realized that Julianne must be doing the same thing. Ever since she’d arrived at Bethany’s house, she had not used the bathroom a single time, unlike Maddie and Celeste who made sure to relieve themselves before going to bed.

Bethany wondered why she would try something so risky. What if she wet the bed? Why would she purposely disobey the call of Nature? Maybe it was the fact that she secretly looked up to Julianne and tried to always follow in her footsteps… but there was also a part of her that enjoyed pushing her bladder to it’s limit. Sure enough, as Bethany laid in her bed, one leg crossed over the other and a hand nestled in her crotch, she felt a small tingle. It was the same tingle that she got every time she did something new and exciting. “Thank you Julie” She thought with a smile as she finally drifted off to sleep.

~~

It was the crack of dawn. Bethany woke up, startled. She instantly sat up on her knees and pressed both hands to her crotch of her nightgown. She had just dreamed that she’d pissed all over herself, in front of Julianne, Maddie and Celeste! Fortunately, she’d done no such thing, but now the pressure in her abdomen was enormous. Bethany whimpered and pushed her hands tighter into her privates. All the drinks she’d had the day before had finally caught up to her, and now she really regretted trying her little holding experiment. She looked at the other side of her bed and was surprised to see that Julianne wasn’t there anymore. Curious as to where she had gone-but at the same time incredibly desperate to use the toilet-Bethany carefully crawled out of bed and left the room, being careful not to wake up her other two friends.

She took baby steps downstairs, biting her lip as the pain in her bursting bladder increased. She had never felt so desperate to pee in her life. And yet she was still dying to know where Julianne had run off to. She made it downstairs, and walked to the only bathroom in her house. However, her heart dropped when she saw that the light was on inside, meaning someone must be using the bathroom. Even worse, she could hear the sound of the bathtub water running, which only made her desperate situation worse. She crossed her legs as tight as she could and began to breath heavily. Tears pooled in her eyes as she felt some warm pee dripping into her white panties. “No, please, not yet!” She thought pleadingly, pushing harder into her crotch.

She was about to knock on the door and beg whoever was in there to hurry up, when suddenly the sound of the bathtub ceased and the doorknob rattled. Bethany instinctively took her hands away from her crotch, although that caused another stream to flood her panties and this time dribble down her leg. She let out a soft whimper.

Bethany opened her mouth in surprise when she saw Julianne walk out of the bathroom. However, that wasn’t the most shocking thing. Julianne’s pajama shorts were completely soaked! The light pink fabric had turned fuscia all around the middle. Suddenly, Julianne noticed Bethany there and gasped. Her cheeks reddened, and she hurriedly ran away upstairs before Bethany could say a word. Bethany could hardly believe her eyes, but at that moment she was so desperate to pee she couldn’t waste any more time.

She scurried into the bathroom and shut the door. She lifted up her dress and was about to pull down her white panties when suddenly a crazy thought struck her. What if she wet herself, intentionally? It was at least worth a try. She’d peed a million times with her clothes off, why not try peeing with her clothes on?

She sat down on the toilet, her panties still on, and relaxed her muscles. The pee began flowing out of her body and through the crotch of her panties. It felt so warm. As she continued wetting, the wetness began to spread and soon her panties were sticking to her bottom.

“What am I doing?!” She suddenly thought, midway through her pee. “No, this isn’t right.” Chickening out, she managed to halt her powerful stream and quickly slid her wet panties down to her ankles. She closed her eyes and sighed with relief as the rest of her torrent splashed forcefully onto the toilet water.

After almost a minute, the last few drops of pee trickled out and once again Bethany sighed with relief. She then glanced down at her moist panties and shook her head. “What was I thinking? Young women don’t wet themselves.”

Bethany wiped herself and flushed the toilet. She washed her hands and carefully plucked the partially wet panties from the floor, holding them up by the dry part. She walked out of the bathroom and tossed the panties in a laundry hamper; she made sure to bury them underneath multiple layers of clothing so they wouldn’t be easily found.

The blonde haired girl walked quietly upstairs and re-entered her bedroom. She tiptoed towards the dresser, opened up her underwear drawer and grabbed a fresh pair of pink panties. She slid them on underneath her nightgown and quietly slipped back into bed. Suddenly, Bethany remembered something. She lifted up the duvet of her bed and glanced over at Julianne’s side, who was fast asleep.

“Huh? Her pajama’s are dry” She thought, confused. Hadn’t she walked out of the bathroom with her pajama shorts all wet? “Was I just imagining things?” It was possible that the morning drowsiness combined with her bursting bladder could cause some delusions. But Bethany was certain she had seen it. “Only one way to find out” She mused.

Bethany carefully got out of bed and walked to the place where the other girls had left their overnight bags. She found Julianne’s and reached inside, praying no one would wake up at that very moment. She rummaged around the various items, while trying to keep everything neat and organized. “Hmm, I don’t feel anything-wait. What’s this?” She gasped. Her hand had just touched something warm. Wet. She pulled out a pair of pink shorts. A wet pair of pink shorts.

“No, it can’t be” She thought. These were the shorts Julianne was wearing when she came out of the bathroom! And they were identical to the ones she was wearing in Bethany’s bed right now. Only the ones she was wearing were dry.

“I don’t get it.” Why would Julianne pack two pairs of the same pajamas, like she knew this was going to happen in advance? The only logical explanation was that she had planned to do this. She had intentionally wet herself, and Bethany was holding the evidence.

“That must be why the bathtub water was running” Bethany realized. “She peed in the bathtub, but she had to get rid of it, so she drained it out.” She put back the shorts and closed Julianne’s bag. She slowly walked back into bed.

It still didn’t make sense. “Why would Julianne be reckless enough to piss herself at my house? When she knew she could get caught? No, I’m just being ridiculous. It had to be an accident. There’s no way she would do this on purpose. Just no way.” She looked at Julianne: sweet, innocent, too-mature-and-too-responsible-to-wet-herself Julianne.

Something still didn’t seem right. She remembered how Julianne had admitted she liked to wet herself during the Truth or Dare game the girls had played. Could it be that maybe it hadn’t been an accident? It’s true, Julianne had blushed and immediately ran away, but that was only after she’d noticed Betheny was there. Prior to that, Bethany could not see a hint of shame or humiliation on Julie’s face. And she was good at reading people’s emotions. In fact, if she wasn’t mistaken, the look in Julianne’s eyes could almost be described as ecstasy.

Bethany was so confused. She sighed and stared up at the ceiling. What was she going to do? Should she bring this up privately the next day, or just pretend it never happened? She honestly didn’t know. What she did know, however, was that she was going back to sleep.

*002*2013-07-26 00:02

{{: 

Wow - really liked that :)

I'm not normally a fan of deliberate wettings (and my favourite bit was when Bethany was starting to wet herself outside the bathroom), but this was really cool!

I'm hoping the story continues, with maybe some accidental wettings that are somehow linked to Julianne having deliberate ones...

}}

Thanks. I'm glad you enjoyed it

And I'll take your suggestion into consideration. I love accidental wettings too, so I'll see if I can include some of those, maybe involving the other girls too.

*006*2013-07-26 15:47

Thanks for all the feedback, everyone! The 'accidental' wetting theme seems to be the most preferred route, so I'll see what I can do

