Confessions of an omorashoholic (Part 1)

Author: kokandra123

*000*2013-07-27 11:40

This story is intended as the first part in a whole series. It is written in first-person, a teenage girl describing her experiences with omorashi. Think of it as a sort of girl writing in her diary or in a blog. I would appreciate it if you guys could give me some feedback about the story. Feel free to criticise, and also to give me some ideas for future stories. :)

###

Part 1: The Beginning

Hi, my name is Fiora. I'm nineteen years old, and I am an omorash-oholic. For those of you who don't know what that is, it means that I am addicted to anything pee-related. That's right. Pee. Many people find that strange, even disgusting. But, that's who I am. And I am sure that somewhere, some place, there are other people just like me. Probably too shy to express their feelings, for fear of being laughed at and humiliated. That's why I chose to write this diary. I felt I needed to come out and show the world who I am, hopefully giving you other people the courage to do the same. That is what I intend to do.

Anyway, enough of the fancy talk. Let me say a little bit about myself. As I've already stated, my name is Fiora, and I'm 19. I'm from the Mediterranean island of Crete, a place laced with sunshine, history, and beautiful people. Me and my family, which includes my parents and my 16-year old brother, emigrated to the US two years ago, as my father found a very good job. We plan to go back to the homeland sometime in the future, but for now, I'm here. And here is where I discovered one of the greatest pleasures in my life: omorashi.

It all started around 18 months ago. We had only been a few months in the States, and I was in a kind of adaptation phase. I was struggling to learn the language, and had very few friends. I'm normally a very friendly and excitable girl, but I just found it hard to get going. Thankfully, that phase is now over and now I've tons of lovely friends.

Anyway, on that fateful day, in the middle of summer, I had spent the afternoon watching a movie. My parents were in their bedroom having a siesta, and my brother had gone out with some mates he had met at school. So it was just me and the movie. Oh, and pee. Yes, pee. As the movie went on, I could feel my bladder rapidly filling up. Being a summer's day, I had drank a lot of cold water. I had also gone out for a jog that day, meaning that I had consumed much more water than I normally do. I had used the bathroom just before sitting down to watch the movie, but for some reason half an hour into it I felt the need to piss again.

I cursed, because I hate getting up in the middle of a movie. It sort of...ruined the momentum. And I was enjoying this picture. Not the sort of fancy romantic stuff most girls like. No, I'm not that type of person. It was a thrilling action movie, filled with car chases, blood, and sex. That's what I like. And yes, I'm straight. Actually, I'm bi, but that's another story.

So I was watching this film, and like I said, I felt the need to pee. Not badly, but enough to make me uncomfortable. Sort of a 5/10 on the desperation scale. I picked up the DVD's case, which was lying on the coffee table in front of my sofa. I checked its duration. Approximately 130 minutes. I cursed again. That was like, over two hours. Still one and a half hour to go and I was already giving my privates little squeezes every now and again to keep the pressure off my bladder.

I kept watching, and for some time I became so immersed in the film that my mind went off the need to pee. Like, for another hour, I sat there without giving it a second thought. To be sincere, I did sort of squeeze myself and fidget every now and again, but it was mainly a passing discomfort.

Just twenty minutes left of the film, and I accidentally hit my mobile phone, which was lying on the sofa next to me. It fell on the floor. I quickly got up and bent over to pick it up. I was only up for a couple of seconds, but it was enough for the contents of my bladder to come rushing into my pee hole. I felt as if though I had been given an electric shock. I jammed my hands into my crotch and held my breath for a couple of seconds, waiting for the sudden wave of desperation to subside. I managed to hobble onto the sofa. I sat their in a sort of crouched position, holding myself.

I now had to pee. Bad. In a couple of minutes, I had gone from a 6/10 to a 9/10. I struggled to make it through to next few minutes, holding myself, sitting on my heel, or rubbing my thighs violently to take my mind off my need. But I really didn't want to miss the last part of the film. I unbuttoned my shorts, as they were pushing down on my overfull bladder. I was dressed in white low cut shorts and a green summer blouse. I had no shoes on, as I was at home.

Anyway, I unbuttoned my shorts, and immediately my stomach bulged out. So I put a cushion on it to cover it. I am very conscious of my figure, and I didn't like seeing stomach bulges. Though mind you, I'm not skinny. I'm just slim, slightly toned. As we are at it, I might as well give a full description of myself. I'm on the short side, about 5'3,and, as I said, slim. I have longish, straight brown hair, and green eyes. My face is sort of round, most people say I have a baby-face. My skin is Caucasian, though slightly tanned.

Back to the story. I finally managed to make it through the end of the film. To be honest, I was so desperate I didn't really enjoy the end. But at least I got to see what happened. As the end credits came out, I struggled to get off the sofa, my hand jammed on my privates. I hobbled out of the room, towards the bathroom. I couldn't stand straight, my back was bent over. My abdomen was in pain.

As soon as I reach the door, the phone rings. Damn. Curses. But I had to answer it, so as not to let it wake up my parents. I hobbled over to it.

"Hello?" I said, with a strained voice. More curses. It was Elen, my best friend from back in Crete. She regularly calls to see how I am doing. And we usually spend a long time on the phone. Sometimes over an hour.

We chatted. I was trying to sound uninterested, so maybe she will hang up. Giving her very short answers, you know, that sort of stuff. But she kept talking. Luckily, there was a chair next to the phone, so I sat down. I changed a lot of positions. Sometimes I would sit with legs open and finger almost going into my pee hole. Other times, I would be sitting with my legs bouncing up and down. Or I would double cross my legs. I was so desperate, I was about to wet myself. But I was too embarrassed to tell my best friend that I badly needed to pee.

But I was also getting a strange feeling. As I held myself and rubbed my hands against my crotch, I felt a tingling feeling in my pussy. A sort of exiting feeling. The type you get when you're speaking with a crush of yours. I was getting hot. I couldn't understand. I had to pee so bad, and my bladder was in pain. I should have been worried, panicked. But I was almost enjoying it.

As I spoke with Elen about everything from boys to beaches to clothes, my hand started going up and down over my crotch area. I wasn't even intending it, I just happened. I rubbed. And I rubbed. Every now and again I would stop and hold my breath as a desperation wave hit me. But then I continued rubbing. I was now around a 9.5/10, and on the verge of peeing myself. But as I played with myself, I felt another feeling. Sort of like a small shiver. Then another one. And another, each time slightly larger. I was cuming. It was like ecstasy. The spasms got harder and harder. Until I let out a small squirt. I didn't know whether it was pee or love juice. Probably a combination. So I tried to hold on. But couldn't. Another spasm, another, larger squirt. Then more. I was in heaven. I could feel my panties and shorts soaking underneath me, but I didn't care. I had never felt so alive.

As I came, my breathing got heavier, and I even gave a small squeal. Elen heard and asked me if I was alright. Suddenly realising that was sitting in the middle of the living room and talking to my best friend with wet panties and shorts, I woke up from my daydream. I crossed my legs in a hope of hiding my wet patch just in case someone came into the room. But I still needed to pee. And the spasms had made it worse. Realising that I was going to release a waterfall of pee into my parent's living room, I finally swallowed my pride and made my excuse to Elen.

"Hey dear, its a bit embarrassing, but I really have to go peepee. We'll talk some other time".

"Ok hun" she said, giggling. "Don't wet yourself". Little did she know.

We said goodbye and cut. I hobbled over to the bathroom, desperately holding myself. I locked the door. I stood there in the middle of the room. And I let go. I wet myself. Pee hissed out of my vagina, spraying in my shorts, all over my legs and onto the floor. I rubbed myself again, and came for a second time. Not as good as the first, but still ecstasy. I then slumped onto the floor, full of pee, and lay their, happily thinking of what just happened.

###

And that is how I got addicted to omorashi. But it was only the start (to be continued)

