Jacob and Renesmée: Trouble in paradise (twilight fanfic)

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-05-16 04:28

I am well aware of how long it's been since Twilight was actually relevant to society, but I've been working on this little thing and wanted to test it. So here's a chapter. If you like it, I'll keep posting. If not, it shall get buried with the rest of the works that fail. :/ I'm putting a lot of pressure on this, aren't I? ANYWAYS:

JACOB AND RENESMÉE: A FANFIC

Chapter 1:

I awoke slowly, the sound of my music box still playing on my dressing table. I sighed, laying still as I listened to my mother and father talking in the other room.

"Edward it's really bothering her. Maybe we should talk to Carlisle about it. He would know what to do," Mama said.

"Bella she's fine. She may look sixteen but it's only been about three years since she was actually born. Were you completely dry at three?"

"Rene was actually just starting to try and potty train me then. I was a late bloomer," Mama whispered with a laugh. I heard daddy chuckle, a sound that I loved. "Seriously though, she won't tell Jake, and it's driving him crazy."

"I'm well aware," Daddy said, amusement flickering in his voice. "Seth and Leah keep trying to convince him it's nothing, but it does them more harm than good." I wrinkled my nose then, realizing I was wet AGAIN. I sat up right with a sigh as Mama appeared in the door.

"Good morning sweetie," Mama said happily. She was pretending. I knew how my urine burned in her nose, because it was almost as awful in mine. I wondered why she didn't get more upset with me. I kept ruining the sheets and pajamas Auntie Alice always bought too, which only made me feel worse. Mama swore she didn't care, and that she loved to shop almost more than she loved me and Uncle Jasper. But I didn't believe her. I was supposed to be sixteen for crying out loud! Mama never had this problem!

"Morning Mama," I said softly, not looking her in the eye. She quickly flitted over to me, wrapping me in a hug.

"It's not a big deal honey," she cooed softly. I sighed with a nod, shifting uncomfortably in the stupid wet pajamas that were clinging to my legs. "Why don't you go get cleaned up? I'll deal with the sheets."

I placed my hand gently on her cheek, showing her a picture of me stripping the bed. "I deserve to," I said.

"No you don't Nessie," Mama said. "You can't help it. You're only... Well, you're half human. Just go clean up." I sighed but nodded, knowing I had to scrub extra hard if I wanted to keep this a secret from Jacob.

* * *

We arrived at the main house that all my aunts and uncles, as well and Carlisle and Emse, lived in, by about nine. Jacob was jogging up to the house too, smiling and waving to me. I managed a weak smile back.

"Hey Ness!" he said happily, hugging me as he spun me around. I couldn't help but giggle as he did it; it was my second favorite thing he did.

"Hi Jakey," I said as he set me down.

"Hello Jacob," Daddy said firmly, the way he usually did when he didn't really want Jacob around. I frowned, placing my hand on his cheek, showing him what I usually did when I wanted Daddy and Jacob to get along; Him and Jake hugging. Daddy sighed and went inside.

"Morning Jake," Mama said. "Anything new out there?"

"Nope, nothing but nothing," He said, rolling his eyes. "Maybe Alice was wrong about the nomads coming." Mama rolled her eyes, making me giggle. "Alright, you need to get to work on school so I can see you sooner."

"Ugh, it's soooo boring though," I groaned.

"But it's necessary," Mama said. "We'll see you at noon, okay Jake?"

"I'll be here," He said, running back into the woods. I pressed my hand against her cheek once he was gone. I frantically ran through my fear; me wetting myself and Jake rolling on the ground laughing at me.

"He would never ever ever do that to you sweetheart," Mama said as we walked into the house.

"At least if he knows what's good for him he won't," Daddy grumbled. I sighed, not wanting to discuss this in front of the others. I placed my hand back on Mama's cheek and showed her my books. She nodded, leading me up to the study. Ever since I started writing on my own Mama made me do school. It wasn't that it was hard, it was just so boring! I learned everything so fast and then the books had you do the same thing for days. I did enjoy reading though. It was quick and it always changed. Mama was proud of that, saying I was just like her.

"Morning Ladies," Auntie Alice chimed as she skipped down the stairs to meet us. "Oh, and don't worry Nessie, we can go shopping again this weekend!"

"Moooom!" I whined. She shook her head with a laugh. Auntie Alice kissed my cheeks before she skipped along merrily. I blushed profusely as we entered the study, glad to have the alone time with just me and Mama. Maybe she would be able to help me.

End chapter 1

*003*2015-05-16 21:58

That moment when your role play partners are not online and you're bored....

Chapter 2:

I closed my math book with a huff. Numbers were hard. I was grateful it was noon so I could hunt with Jacob.

"Alright, you can go," Daddy said. "Just be careful. We're still not sure when the visitors are coming."

"I will, I promise," I said, already running out of the room and down the stairs. Jacob was waiting outside, already in wolf form. "Ready?" I asked.

He nodded softly, and I hopped on his back. Instantly, we were flying through the forest. I tangled my fingers in Jacob's soft, russet fur, feeling his sides exert as we ran through the forest. We had a special place we usually spent our early afternoons, right below the mountains. The deer were usually always passing by, there was a small stream to clean up in, and trees to conceal us.

When we finally reached our spot, I jumped off Jake's back before placing my hand on his big russet face, showing him a picture of us hunting. He nodded and started sniffing the ground. I stood very still and listened. I found something then, and crouched. We hunted until we were well satisfied, about three deer each. I yawned and snuggled into Jacob, placing my hand on his big russet face to show him what I wanted; his human hands wrapped around me as we napped. He nodded, trotting farther into the woods so I wouldn't see him phase. He returned, wrapping me up in his arms as we snuggled under a large pine tree.

* * *

I began to whimper as a nightmare played through my head. I walked forward into the darkness when suddenly bonfires lit up all around me. I trembled when I smelled something bitter, and upon a closer look, I realized my family was inside the bonfires.

I woke with a scream, Jacob holding me tightly. "Shhh, Nessie it's okay, it's okay, you're safe now," He cooed, rocking me in his arms. I whimpered when I felt it: We were both soaked.

"Oh my God, Jacob I'm so-"

"shhh, it happens Ness," Jake said softly. "You think I'm gonna leave you over one little accident?"

I placed my shaking hand against his cheek, showing him what happened that morning, all the other times, and the vision of him rolling on the ground laughing at me as I stood in front of him, drenched. "This keeps happening Jake," I sobbed. "I can't get it to stop and I don't know what to do!"

"Shhh, Nessie it's gonna be okay," he said, rocking me in his arms. "It's okay. You're not the only one, I promise. We can figure it out. Have you talked to Carlisle about it yet?"

"No," I whimpered. "H-He's family! It's bad enough Auntie Alice knows! He'd.... He would... It'd be so embarrassing."

"But he's a doctor. He could help," Jake said reasonably. "He probably sees this kind of thing on a daily basis."

"Would you come with?" I asked softly. Jacob nodded instantly.

"I would do anything for you Ness," he said. "But um, how mad is Edward gonna be with me if I bring you back like this?"

"You're funny," I said sarcastically. "We're running by the cottage before we go back to the house." before Jacob could answer though, several howls spread through the forest.

End chapter 2

*004*2015-05-26 22:24

So after like, three different tests today, I'm ready to unwind. Enjoy. ;)

Chapter 3:

Several howls pierced through the forest.

"Shit," Jacob muttered, stripping. I looked away until I heard him howl, hopping onto his back. As we sprinted through the forest, I found myself wishing I could just melt into his fur. I knew as soon as Daddy saw what had happened he would blame Jake, who would then get mad and try and defend himself, and Daddy wouldn't listen. My only hope was that whatever was bad enough for the howls was a big enough distraction.

"Ness!" Mama called as soon as we approached the house, running out at human speed to meet us. I ran in to her open arms, crying miserably. "Shh, sweetie it's not a big deal, okay? What happened?"

I places my hand on her cheek, running through everything.

Mama pulled me close and stroked my hair. "We need to talk upstairs," she whispered. I nodded. She hadn't picked me up since I was still small, but for once she did, trying to conceal my little accident from the rest of the family.

"Mama, why were the wolves howling?" I asked softly as she ran at vampire speed upstairs.

"Um, no reason," she said nervously.

"Is someone dangerous coming?" I asked. Mama shook her head. "Daddy wanted to talk to Jake, didn't he?" I whisperered. I got a nod from her before she set me down in Aunt Rose's bathroom.

"He promised me he would be nice," Mama said, starting the water for a bath. I sighed.

"Was he listening again?" I asked bitterly.

"You know I can't shield you if you go too far from the house," Mama sighed. Little did I know that Daddy was making some big confessions to Jacob downstairs...

DOWNSTAIRS:

Edward huffed, trying to collect his jumbled thoughts.

Edward just spit it out already, Jacob thought. I already know you're... Pissed off, he finished, cringing at the words.

"That wasn't funny Jacob Black and you know it," Edward growled.

Geez, sorry. Seriously though, what's got you all riled up? Is it because of Ness? I swear I'll never mention it and I was gonna help her talk to Carlisle and-

"NO!" Edward shouted, a look of fear crossing his face. Jacob phased back and slipped his shorts on, truly curious.

"Edward, what are you not telling me? I have to know to protect you two," Jacob said softly. Edward looked away, too ashamed to look Jacob in the eye. You have something to do with her wetting, don't you? Jake thought.

Edward nodded. "When I was human," he mumbled, "I had the same problem until I was thirteen. It stopped until we all came down the Spanish influenza."

Jacob took a deep breath before placing his hand on Edward's shoulder. You need to tell Bella, he thought.

"Absolutely not," Edward growled, pushing the hand off his shoulder. "She'd never look at me the same way."

"You don't even sleep Edward, so what is it going to affect besides your pride?"

"Everything! It's the one thing I swore NO ONE would ever find out! But thanks to you everyone inside can hear me!"

"Jesus Edward calm down!" Jake snapped. "Look, I highly doubt anyone in there, including your wife, is gonna judge you. Besides, she has a right to know." And before Edward could respond, he ran off to the woods to phase.

"Alright, who's on patrol right now?" he asked once in wolf form.

"Me and Quil," Seth thought. "What's up chief?"

"We gotta talk, just us three, before we bring Leah and Embry into this," Jacob sighed. "Meet me at the usual place."

