In the saddle - Page 2

*026*2019-10-15 17:06

By the time she reached the door to the tack room, Katie was barely able to waddle never mind run, and despite all of her best efforts there could be no denying the fairly constant trickle between her legs by this stage. She knew it was basically game over, she was wetting her pants and there was very little she could do about it, but that stubborn streak in her wouldn’t let her give in no matter what.

Pushing on, writhing in pain and wincing at the feel of wet fabric against her legs as she twisted them around each other as she desperately tried to maintain some semblance of control, Katie managed to free one hand from within the knot of trembling limbs and soggy cotton, just long enough to hook it around the door handle, yanking down hard and fast as she felt the trickle turn into a very pronounced spurt for just a fraction of a second.

“No, no, no!” She called out, to nobody in particular, and in truth hoping that nobody could hear her anguished pleas. “This can’t be happening! I’m 17 years old, I’m not a baby, I just can’t have an accident!”

Her words blurred into loud, racking sobs as she realised that’s exactly what she was doing, 17 years old or not, she was standing barely 20 feet away from the nearest toilet and emptying her bladder, slowly, into her pink jodhpurs. It had been a decade since the last time, and it wasn’t something she thought would ever happen to her again, but there was no denying now that she’d had an accident - all she could do was try to minimise the damage, both to her clothes and her reputation, which she feared would be left in soggy tatters.

With one last-gasp, almost superhuman effort, Katie clamped down again, managing to stem the flow as threw herself forward. She ran across the tack room, through the yard office which she was received to see was in complete darkness, and into the single toilet which led directly off it, a sight which the girl had taken in probably hundreds of times over the years, but which had never appeared more welcoming nor beautiful than it did to her today.

It was all too much, however, for her poor aching bladder. The sight of the toilet and the prospect of relief caused it to release it’s tentative hold, and before she knew what was happening Katie was not leaking, nor spurting, she was weeing full force into her pants whilst frantically trying to rip them down and seat herself upon the cold plastic seat atop the porcelain throne. Any concept that this was just a leak had long gone, any hope that she could get away with or hide it seemed laughable at best by this stage, for there really was no denying the fact that by the time she was seated her head to go had subsided, her bladder was all but empty, and barely a trickle made it into the intended destination.

Broken, defeated and absolutely humiliated, poor Katie sat with her face buried in her hands and cried like she hadn’t for many years. How had she let this happen, how could a 17 year old college student wet herself like a toddler? And how on earth would she ever be able to explain what had happened to her family? To Nancy? Oh no, no, no, to Jet?!? She was ruined.

Glancing down to inspect the damage, Katie first caught a glimpse of her saturated underwear. She’d never been one to dress ‘sexily’ when it came to undies, partly because she preferred comfort and had never felt the need to flaunt her pants to anybody else, but also designer lingerie always seemed like such a waste of money to her. She’d worked so hard to scrape together the money for Spirit, and throwing away her hard earned savings on frilly, lacy knickers just seemed like such a waste, when the cash could be put to much better use. No, good old cotton pants in pastel shades were good enough for her, just as they always had been. She definitely much preferred them dry though, she mused to herself, not at all a fan of the dark purple stain which had bloomed across the lilac fabric of the pair pooled round her ankles, a sight which she’d fortunately not seen for a good many years.

Something was odd though about the sight which met her eyes, something very wrong yet at the same time which filled her heart with an unmistakable feeling of hope mingled with shock and disbelief. It couldn’t be, could it? Surely not?! But...how?

*029*2019-10-20 09:43

Overwhelming relief flooded through Katie, complete unbridled joy; emotions which she simply couldn’t reconcile herself with given she’d just completely wet her pants, in public, at 17 years old! But there it was, and it took her mind a few moments to focus enough and truly take in what her eyes were seeing.

Somehow, and she really didn’t care how right at that moment, she could see that her jodhpurs appeared, from the outside at least, to be completely dry! Was it a miracle? Magic? No, no, she didn’t believe in either of those things. Had she imagined having an accident after all, her mind playing some kind of sick and twisted joke on her? It couldn’t be that, for she could quite clearly see her soaked underpants, displaying her shame for all to see. So, wha? And how? Running a hand tentatively through the pink fabric, she was astounded to find that despite appearing to be completely dry and unblemished from the outside, the inner layer was completely saturated! Well, ok, perhaps not astounded as she of course knew that she’d practically emptied her entire bulging bladder in these very pants not 5 minutes earlier, but certainly bemused…how could the outside be dry and give away no indication of her embarrassing predicament, whilst the inside was quite literally dripping?

Deciding that now really wasn’t the time to investigate further, and happy to grab this stroke of good fortune with both hands and run with it, Katie hastily dried herself off as best she could, and then, armed with a mountain of paper towels from the dispenser, she began frantically blotting at the inside of her jodhpurs, fearful that her privacy could be interrupted at any moment and unable to think of any remotely plausible explanation for being found in this position. Despite her relief at the miracle which had befallen her, Katie couldn’t help worrying that it would only be a matter of time before the moisture wicked through the fabric and showed itself as a horribly embarrassing stain for all to see, so she had to dry as much of the wetness as she could before venturing out of the bathroom to face Jet, and probably Nancy too.

It was as she vigorously ran the paper along the seam which ran up the back of the trousers that Katie’s eye fell upon the care label, and beside that a small tag bearing the word ‘Teflon’. With a dawning realisation, all suddenly became much clearer in her mind, -she’d deliberately chosen to pay the extra for these jodhpurs precisely because they were coated with Teflon, a protective layer designed to prevent rain and dirt from penetrating the fabric and reaching her skin, a kind of advanced waterproofing which didn’t add any weight or bulk to the material, but helped to repel at least most of any wetness.

The protective coating had served her well during many rain-soaked rides across the moors, when ordinary cotton would have quickly become saturated, leading her to become cold and suffer from the most uncomfortable chaffing, something she’d experienced far too many times growing up and learning her craft. But never for a moment had she considered the potential benefit that such fabric could have when it came to preventing wetness from the inside making it’s presence known. Of course she hadn’t, why would she? It’s not like she had ever wet herself before, not since she was a little kid at any rate, and it’s just not something that your average teenage girl would even contemplate when choosing new clothes.

Casting her mind back, Katie remembered vaguely the last time she’d suffered such an accident herself, she’d been probably 7 or 8 at the time and it had happened at school. No Teflon had come to her rescue then, however, and she’d been left wet and weeping in her place in class - the wet stain obvious for all to see. Oh what she wouldn’t have given for her skirt to have been protected the same way that it seemed her jodhpurs were now, how much shame and humiliation that would have helped her to avoid.

These wistful thoughts also triggered another memory, more recent but even less distinct than the first, but something whilst made the whole Teflon thing click into place and confirmed her growing understanding of what had happened. She’d been in her early teens, so probably only 3 or 4 years ago, and was travelling on a coach back to her school after a day trip to see some boring historical monument or other, in honesty she’d paid so little attention that she probably wouldn’t have remembered the next day, never mind 4 years later! She vaguely recalled one of the boys making quite a song and dance about the fact that he really needed to use the toilet, even blaming the teacher for the fact he was about to have an accident.

He had soon lost his teenage attitude, however, sitting in silence for the last half hour of the journey with stray tears rolling down his cheeks, much to the amusement of his friends who were certain he’d wet himself and couldn’t wait to laugh when he stood up to get off the bus. Amazingly, however, when the bus pulled up outside their school and the boy disembarked, there had been no sign of wetness anywhere on his grey school trousers, disappointing those who had hoped to poke fun at him for being the boy who wet his pants in high school. He hadn’t bolted for the toilet when disembarking.

Either, which had made little sense given how vocally desperate he’d been, but at the time Katie had paid little more attention, after all boys bathroom habits didn’t interest her in the slightest! Now, now it all made sense. Their school uniforms had all been coated with Teflon, she remembered the same tags that she could now see in her jodhpurs had always featured on her skirts and pinafores, so no doubt the same was true of the boys trousers too. It all made sense, and it made her wonder just how many such accidents this wonder fabric had helped to hide over the years, for kids and adults alike.

But then, before she could dwell on this thought any further, a loud rasping knock at the bathroom door jolted Katie back to the present day with a start.

*034*2020-02-12 16:55

Having broken my 5 month hiatus with The Forgotten Homework in an effort to rekindle my passion for writing fiction, I'm tempted to take another look at this - it was left on rather a cliffhanger after all. Would there be any appetite for this story to continue?

*037*2020-02-12 21:11

Ok so hands up, I've rather "overindulged" whilst writing this, partly in the hope that it would help me get my mind into the right place, but it may mean that what I've written makes no sense at all. That being the case, it may disappear again tomorrow for a redraft, but on the other hand it could turn out to be a work of literary genius. We shall see.

“J…jus…just a minute. I’ll be out in a sec.” Katie called, hurriedly pulling her soggy undies and jodhpurs back up, wincing as the saturated fabric found its place and quickly glancing down to triple check that the outside of her pants didn’t show any trace of her shame. Satisfied as she could be given the horrible circumstances she found herself in, the young girl splashed her face to wash away the tears - never mind seeing her have an accident, nobody at the yard had ever seen her cry before as far as she could remember, and her strong and unshakable image was something she was keen to keep hold of for it had served her well.

“Katie is everything ok?” Jet’s deep, rasping voice came through the door, tinged with genuine concern for her wellbeing. She’d seemed genuinely distressed out on the yard, and he was worried that she’d had a fall or some other terrible accident whilst out for her ride.

Turning to flush the barely used toilet, and setting her face with an expression she hoped hid her upset and conveyed the independence she was so known for, Katie stepped forward and grabbed hold of the door handle, throwing it open purposefully and striding out to greet Jet and thank him for taking care of Spirit. She hoped she could brazen this out, but it would mean thinking on her feet for she had no plan or idea how the young man would react, what he had noticed or even really what he was like.

“Jet, hey, thanks for grabbing Spirit for me back there, I just needed to…y’know…well, um…” She started out well, headstrong as ever, but Katie found herself faltering as her eyes met Jet’s and saw the deep concern and compassion within them. She wasn’t used to people giving a shit about her, nobody ever did, she’d always been one to look out for herself and take care of whatever she came up against. Now the look Jet was giving her swept her legs out from under her, left her completely disarmed, stuttering and stumbling over her words, her resolve broken and she found herself blinking back yet more tears. Who was this man who could do this to her?

Seeing that she was struggling and wanting her to know that everything was going to be ok, Jet stepped forward and reached an arm around the young girls shoulders, drawing her into a warm and friendly embrace. He was conscious of not overstepping the mark, respecting her space and the fact that he was a relative stranger, but at the same time feeling compelled to comfort her in her time of need. Initially he was met with resistance, a tenseness and strength which belied her slight frame, but almost as soon as he took hold of her he felt the tension ebb away and she melted lightly into him, sighing deeply, as if the weight of the world had been lifted from her shoulders.

“Katie, whatever it is that’s gotten you so worked up really isn’t worth all of that upset. It really doesn’t matter. There’s no need to say anything, just calm yourself down. We can talk later, or never at all, that’s up to you. So long as you’re not hurt?”

Jet’s words soothed over Katie, and she soon felt the last of her fight leaving her.

“Well, thanks Jet.” She murmured, Blushing at their closeness and sure that he will feel and likely smell her accident even if by her great fortune he couldn’t see the evidence of it. She may have been wrong footed by his caring nature, may have let her guard down a little more than she ever had before, but she was still feeling utterly humiliated by what had happened to her tonight, mortified beyond belief that it had happened in front of this handsome young stranger and distraught at the idea of him or anybody else finding out. “I…well, is Spirit Ok? Is Nancy still here? I, kinda, lost track of time out there, but I really needed to see her before she went.”

Smiling at the independence shining through Katie, Jet hurriedly reassured her that Spirit was absolutely fine, bedded down in his stable with his tack hanging up ready for her and that Nancy had to shoot off, but would call her the next day to talk through everything . She’d left a set of keys with Jet for her, which he fished out of his pocket and held out for her to take, and hadn’t seemed annoyed, more amused at how often Katie lost herself in the ride completely, as although this could be inconvenient and frustrating at times it showed just how committed to Spirit and to her craft the girl had become.

Thanking Jet again, Katie hurriedly made her excuses that she needed to hurry through her jobs and get home before shuffling self-consciously from the room, leaving a bewildered Jet in her wake who was trying to get his head around the whirlwind of emotions he’d just witnesses in Katie and experienced himself.

“I’ll tidy up down here and then bring the keys over to you.” He called after her, spotting the bunch she’d just taken from him on the bench where she’d been stood, secretly glad for a chance to say a proper goodbye. “Give me 5 minutes, ok?”. As she walked away, Jet looked the retreating figure up and down, his eyes playing tricks on him or so he thought.

*040*2020-02-13 10:23

Wow, seems I got a bit carried away with that one! Memo to self, don’t try to write when high, it ends up quite descriptive and flowery but doesn’t really say a lot does it?

Ah well, I can’t deny it was fun, although it did take about 3x as long to write as normal because I couldn’t focus.

Even without chemical assistance this still doesn’t flow anything like as naturally as The Forgotten Homework for me, but I’ll persevere. Off to add a bit more to Lucy and co first I think though, I’m not sure where either of them are going yet but have little doubt they’ll find their own paths as usual!

*042*2020-02-15 14:32

As she walked away across the yard toward the stable block, Katie’s mind was in turmoil, with so many conflicting emotions trying to fight their way to the surface and vying for her attention. Everything that had just happened with Jet was clouding her thoughts, but she couldn’t ignore the fact that she was crossing the yard almost bow-legged as a result of her accident, starting to shiver as the wetness took a hold and absolutely mortified that she’d disgraced herself so completely for the firs time in at least a decade.

Right now, as much as she wanted to be with Jet, to explore the emotions she was feeling and to get to know him so much better, intimately perhaps, at the same time she wanted to be as far away from him as humanely possible. She just wanted to curl up into a ball and cry herself to sleep, to forget the horror of what had just happened, she wanted the ground to open up and swallow her. Despite her tough exterior, as she hobbled across the yard, poor Katie couldn’t stop the steady stream of silent tears from cascading down her cheeks,.

Jet was besotted, absolutely smitten by this young beauty who had unexpected ridden into his life and he practically danced around the tack room as he finished tidying up, hanging Lucy’s saddle and reins in their place and mopping the tiled floor with a spring in his step which he’d never felt before. When he’d first approached the livery manager that afternoon asking for a few shifts to help support himself whilst they were in town, never in a million years did he expect anything like this to happen. He’d never believed in love at first sight, hell he wasn’t really sure he believed in love at all, perhaps because they were so nomadic that he’d never been settled anywhere long enough to build strong bonds with anybody before. He just ambled through life, more at one with the animals and nature than other people who often seemed so self-absorbed and destructive, so unlike Katie.

Something troubled him, however, and he couldn’t quite put his finger on it, try as he might. Katie was clearly so headstrong, so independent, and that’s perhaps why he felt such kinship with her. He could tell that, like him, she made her own way in life, followed her own rules and had an ingrained determination to succeed, perhaps similarly to him because their circumstances had forced them to develop such a resilience if they were ever going to get anywhere in life. All of this was at odds, however, with the vulnerability he had sensed after she’d come out of the bathroom. It was as though her resolve had crumbled, she’d almost regressed into a much younger, less fiercely independent version of herself, and he couldn’t quite understand what had caused it.

Clearly when she’d ridden back into the yard she was in quite some distress, that was evident from her voice and the way she had bolted as soon as he’d taken Spirit’s reins from her, and he’d been fearful that she’d perhaps taken a bad fall or otherwise hurt herself, although having seen her afterwards that didn’t seem to fit, she’d looked very uncomfortable but not badly injured. Perhaps it was just that she’d desperately needed to use the toilet? He wasn’t sure though - surely being a rider, and outdoors type like him, she could have taken care of that whilst out on the moors?

Yes it would be a little more tricky for a girl, but plenty of the traveller women managed it without issue. Besides, even if she wasn’t comfortable being quite so ‘at one’ with nature, it’s not that she was a young child, a need to pee couldn’t possibly have caused her such distress, could it? Hurrying to lock up the tack room, he quickly followed the path Katie had so recently trodden, seeking out the faint glow of the stable block lights, hoping to continue their moment of intimacy and perhaps find answers to his many questions, and at the very least to firm up their plans to meet again tomorrow. Besides, he couldn’t leave without saying goodbye, he had the yard keys in his pocket!

Taking sanctuary in Spirit’s stable stall, Katie patted and comforted him before crumpling into a heap against the wooden divider, broken and distraught.

“Oh Spirit, how on earth do I get out of this God awful mess? Why did I have to wet my pants like a preschooler in front of the most gorgeous man I’ve ever met? How can I go home and face my folks like this? Why doesn’t anything ever go right for me? Why, why why?”

Wild, wintery winds were now howling across the livery yard, channelled through the valley, it sounded like a storm was brewing and Katie knew she had a long, soggy, uncomfortable walk home ahead of her. Beginning to regain some composure, and realising that the longer she stayed the worst her journey home would likely be, the girl pulled herself up and dusted herself down, cringing as the cold wet fabric of her jodhpurs was pushed up against her skin, reminding her once more of her humiliating situation.

As she reached across to turn out the stable light before bolting the door closed, she spotted Jet leaning against the outside of the stall, a nervous, worried expression etched across his rugged feature. How long had he been there? Had he heard what she’d said? Please no! Please…

*044*2020-02-15 16:02

Glad you're still enjoying it @mikey mike

.

Hopefully Homework will get another chapter this evening too, fingers crossed!

*047*2020-02-15 18:13

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fabulous chapter can’t wait to read what you do with this story

}}

I can't wait to read what I do with this story either!

Just like with Lucy & co, there's no plan, I literally just sit down and let my fingers get on with it (steady now, dirty minded lot! haha) so it's a surprise to be when I read back what I've come up with. I can't see this turning into such an epic, but then again back in September I'd never have imagined that my other story would have exceeded 150,000 words, so anything's possible.

*048*2020-02-15 22:28

{{6 hours ago, mikey mike said:

Thanks piddly, I'll keep an eye out for it later.

}}

It's up Quite a long one time too, although it is a bit of a re-cap in a way.

*049*2020-02-22 19:45

Ok guys, apologies for the slight delay, I was toying with trying something a little bit different. Here goes…

“J…jet. Oh Jet, how long have you b..been there?” Katie tripped over her words as she stumbled to make sense of everything, praying inwardly that he’d just turned the corner and hadn’t heard her confession out loud, her face beet red and an expression of abject mortification threatening to undermine her steely demeanour.

Fixing Katie’s eyes in his own line of sight, and without uttering a sound, the powerful young man strode purposefully forward and took her in his arms firmly but without any trace of malice in his actions. Completely nonplussed, Katie did not resist his advances and allowed herself to be swept up in the most sensual hug, his roving hands moving up and down her body, caressing her slender, well toned figure and stimulating her every sense in a way she had never experienced before.

“Oh Jet!” She moaned softly, losing herself in the moment and entirely forgetting her predicament. Had she been thinking straight, she’d have been doing everything she could to keep Jet away from her, despite his closeness being the thing she craved above all else, but her judgement was clouded by a mixture of lust and expectation. She felt out of control, but nothing about this was forced or welcome, it felt right, it felt perfect.

Without warning, whilst running his powerful hands once more around her waist and massaging her soft stomach, Jet thrust both hands down, beyond the waistband of her jodhpurs and into…”Nooo, Jet no, no!” She cried, horrified as she felt his fingers finding the warm moisture concealed within her pants for the first time and instinctively pulling back away from him, tears of shame once more spilling uncontrollably from her eyes, falling gracelessly down her blotched face. “I’ve…I didn’t…I’m….oh Jet, I’m not clean.”

Breaking his silence for the first time since he’d appeared outside the stall, Jet muttered into Katie’s ear “How did you know?” His voice heavy with longing, with desire, with raw unbridled passion. And then, without waiting for an answer, he pushed her through the stable door and the pair fell lightly atop the hay and straw, Katie’s eyes wide with shock and wonder as her clothes were torn eagerly but gently from her body, Jet showering her body with kisses and nips of affection as he did so, leaving her clad only in her soaked underwear which he teased gently with his bared teeth, caressing her unkempt womanhood first with his hands and then his tongue, seeking and finding it’s mark as she cried out in ecstasy, having never experienced anything quite like this in her life. She’d never felt attraction, let alone passion, but right now she was Jet’s and his every move filled her with a burning joy and a depth of love she’d never appreciated was possible.

“OH MY GOD JET. Yes. YEEEEEEESSSSSS!” Losing control of her emotions and her voice, Katie was unable to keep herself in check, unable to stop the shill screams and moans from ringing out around the stable block. She had no idea where this had come from, but she knew she never wanted it to end. Never.

As their passion grew, both feeling the excitable giddiness of two lovestruck school kids experimenting for the first time despite their advancing years intermingled with a depth of love they’d never imagined could exist, they made the most passionate, caring love to each other, their natural instincts taking over and guiding them through what was, in truth, and entirely new experience for both of them, one that neither had ever expected, least of all tonight.

As their energy waned, they held one another close, savouring every last moment and almost falling asleep as they shared a delicate embrace, the emotional explosion they’d both experienced haven drained them physically as well as mentally, As they lay together, gazing longingly into each others eyes, neither wanted this moment of perfection to end.

“Katie…Katie my sweet, previous, beautiful girl. How on earth did you know?”

___

I’ve absolutely no idea whether that will come across as intended, or like something out of a pantomime, but I’ve given it my best shot. It’s kinda tricky writing smut when you’ve never experienced any of the feelings or sensations you’re trying to portray, but I figured it’s probably what most of the audience here are looking for. Rest assured, if it works, this style or writing won’t stray into my other story as it would be entirely inappropriate there.

I will stress that, being set in the UK, the age of consent here is 16 therefore whilst I’m sure Katie’s parents would have a fit (or would they? It seems they’re more bothered about cheap supermarket beer and trashy TV than their daughter…) this liaison and anything that may follow on from it is perfectly proper and legal.

Honest criticism greatly appreciated.

