Dumped

Author: Elfi

*000*2014-07-09 15:34

This is the first story I've written so I hope you guys like it! It's titled "Dumped" ^^

Against the wall behind the high school, stood an insignificant metal dumpster. It was the kind of thing you could open with a lever, and was only used by the janitor to throw away excess paper and cardboard – for the school was environmentally aware and recycled responsibly. Since the last few weeks, the dumpster had been given a new use by the school bullies though – as they discovered it could only be opened from the outside, it was a perfect place to dump the kids they didn’t approve of. It was very popular with the school’s mean girls, and an ideal prison cell for those they deemed inferior. Sandy had always been their favorite target. She had spent many lunch breaks here, for no one bothered venturing behind the school to find her during lunch of course, and she was getting used to ending up in the darkness, her fall only broken by heaps of cardboard boxes and discarded term papers.

There were many reasons why Sandy was bullied in school. For one thing, her family was quite poor and didn’t really look after her. Because of this, she was always seen in clothes that were outworn, not even her size most of the time, living off what she could get from the goodwill store. Her hair was a dirty blonde and although it was quite long, it wasn’t styled at all – unless you call knots and split ends a style now. That never gave her any chance with the popular girls of course, but her lack of personal hygiene actually started off the whole bullying craze. Ever since she took off her shoes that first gym class, her smelly feet had become somewhat legendary at their school. But today would be the day that everything changed – because today would be the day when Sandy got some company in her dumpster.

As Sandy had tried to make herself as comfortable as possible -creating a little pillow out of bundles of paper-, the only light she saw was that coming through the tiny cracks on either side of the dumpster lid. On one side, it illuminated a part of her face, on the other side, she could see the legs of her worn jeans –it must have been a dark blue at one point but had turned into a pale pastel-like color over time- and her dirty socks, originally white with pink hearts on them, now thread-bare and the big toe of her right foot sticking out of a large hole in them. They stole her shoes, as happened more often than not. She’d have to get them from the top of the flagpole again, as usual.

But suddenly, Sandy heard sounds from outside the dumpster again. Could it be others would discover her already? The dumpster’s handle was pulled and the lid was opened, but Sandy’s hopes were quickly demolished when she recognized the voices. She could pick out the school’s bullies just by their mocking laughs by now – Tiffany… Heather… Sabrina… but there was another voice, someone who clearly didn’t want to be there. As the lid was opened, the bright sunlight hurt Sandy’s eyes but the sun was quickly eclipsed by another body being thrown into the garbage. A smaller but slightly heavier girl was thrown right on top of her, actually hitting her belly quite hard, and then the lid closed with a loud clank again.

“Let me out!”, the other girl called out as she rolled over to the other side of the dumpster –their bodies still touching each other, there wasn’t a whole lot of dumpster after all- “I mean it, this isn’t funny!”

“I’m afraid they think it’s quite funny,” Sandy spoke softly as she rubbed her belly through the awful, pink fleece sweater she was wearing (it wasn’t her choice to wear such clothes at all – it was simply and quite literally all she had). As the darkness was settling in again, Sandy recognized the girl that was thrown in with her; her name was Ruth, a nerdy girl with brown, curly hair and glasses that were too large to even be considered to be hipster. Ruth was the kind of girl who got good grades but wasn’t that strong on a social level, so she was an ideal victim to be bullied as well.

“Huh? Who… who are you?”, Ruth asked, a bit shocked that there was someone else in here with her.

“It’s me, Sandy, we take home economics together, remember?”

“Well you’re awfully calm about this, I really need to get out of here!”, Ruth sounded nervous, as if there was, in fact, somewhere she needed to be very urgently.

“Someone’ll get us out of here by the end of lunch, don’t worry. Just relax.”

“But I really can’t wait that long! I- what is this anyway, a garbage bin?“

“It’s the dumpster behind the school.”

“Oh eww, that’s disgusting!”

“Don’t worry, it’s just for paper and cardboard.”

“Are you sure?”, Ruth asked as she sat down in the corner opposite Sandy’s face, “it smells like something died in here…”

“Oh no, that’s… ehm…”, Sandy stammered, pulling up her knees to her face so her feet would be farther away from Ruth’s nose.

Sandy saw Ruth bite her lip and fidget around a bit. It was clear that she was nervous about something, but an awkward silence had fallen over the girls and just flat-out asking wasn’t Sandy’s style. She did want to put this girl at ease – Ruth looked very vulnerable, sitting there in that long, dark skirt with woolen leggings under, sensible loafers and a wide blouse finishing the outfit.

“It’s really okay,” Sandy tried to comfort her, “I get thrown in here all the time.”

“Yeah, I guess, but ehm…”, Ruth stammered, “I really need to get out of here…”

Sandy fell quiet again. She didn’t really know what to say about that. On the outside, everything was quiet as well, and unless the bullies decided to throw a third girl in with them, it would stay that way for a while, as well. Ruth’s fidgeting started to have an adverse effect on Sandy’s bladder though – and after she had the girl’s full weight fall on top of her bladder, she now started to clearly feel that she had to pee.

“Will you stop doing that,” Sandy said eventually, “it’s making me nervous!”

Ruth was the one who fell silent this time – she stopped fidgeting but crossed her legs softly. After a few more seconds though, it was clear she couldn’t sit still and she was immediately at it again, causing Sandy to press her thighs together firmly and give Ruth an angry glance.

“I’m sorry, I can’t help it,” Ruth finally broke the silence again, “those girls… they were in the bathroom, smoking, they thought I would tell a teacher I think… so they grabbed me and pushed me in here!”

“That’s okay,” Sandy answered in a soothing manner, “they do that to me all the time.”

“No, you don’t understand-“ Ruth was at the verge of tears at this point, “they grabbed me BEFORE I could use the bathroom!”

“Oh – oooh!”, Sandy suddenly realized where Ruth was heading with this. Now Sandy was the kind of girl who could easily be made to pee – the sound of running water, for example, would make her go on a dash for the bathroom, but the simple knowledge that someone else needed to go, made her bladder shrink drastically as well.

Ruth tried to push open the dumpster lid, but to no avail. She had one hand deep in her crotch now, and one pushing upward – but you needed the handle on the outside to open it, there was no other way.

“Sit down, it won’t budge!”, Sandy said, who was getting pretty nervous as well.

“But I really can’t hold it any more, I mean it!”, Ruth begged, “I’m going to… you know…”

“Not in here!”, Sandy said in a panicky way as she grabbed Ruth’s hand away from the lid. When the two girls touched, both of them shivered; they discovered then and there that there was no softer touch imaginable than two girls’ skins touching. Ruth fell back immediately though, sitting down again and started crying softly.

“I’m… I’m sorry,” Sandy said, feeling a bit guilty, “I didn’t mean to…”

“No, it’s not that…”, Ruth sniffed, “I think… I think I just wet my panties a little…”

Sandy looked at her with mixed feelings; just the thought of a girl their age wetting herself seemed like an impossibility, something that just didn’t happen… but Ruth just made it very real. How could this be possible? And even worse, she needed to go to the bathroom herself as well… she would be able to make it, wouldn’t she?

“Look, it’ll be okay, I promise,” Sandy told Ruth in order to calm her down.

“No it’s not… I never had to go this badly in my life! And now I’m going to pee in my pants…”

“You’re not! Look, I… I have to go too. Really, we can make it!”, but Sandy realized that the more they talked about going to the bathroom, the worse she had to pee herself.

“No… I really can’t hold it in any more…”, Ruth said in a tiny voice, and Sandy knew by the sound of that, she was totally losing control now. Slightly covered by the sound of Ruth’s crying, a hissing sound could be heard – Sandy couldn’t believe it, that girl was actually peeing in her pants! Sandy grabbed her crotch as well now, as that sound really made her question her own ability to hold it in for much longer… the smell of girl’s pee soon filled up the dumpster air as the cardboard and paper where Ruth was sitting became soaked with urine.

“Don’t look, don’t look,” Ruth said, embarrassed beyond belief – she too couldn’t believe it had come to this, wetting herself at her age. Sandy wanted to comfort her, but she couldn’t find the words – not only had she never been confronted by a girl who was peeing herself, hearing Ruth do exactly that made her need grow as well…

“It’s… It’s not your fault,” Sandy said eventually, but she knew she couldn’t hold her pee for very much longer either. She closed her eyes and clenched her teeth, grabbing between her legs with both hands, with all her might now…

Ruth had peed with more strength than she could have possibly imagined. It had all ended up in her panties, her wool leggings were soaked and large wet patches were visible on her skirt. Even her loafers were wet. She was still trembling after she did that – but for some reason, the hissing hadn’t stopped. She looked over to the other side of the dumpster, where Sandy was now sitting on her knees, bent forward with both hands clenched around her crotch… but Sandy, too, felt a wet and warm sensation spread throughout her crotch area, down her legs and flowing onto the cardboard beneath as if she was sitting in a cat’s litter box. The aromas of both girl’s individual pee came together inside the dumpster to form a new, strange smell that somehow felt right. For few things bring girls closer together than peeing in their pants together.

“Sandy?”, Ruth asked carefully when the hissing sound stopped, “did you… did you have an accident?”

“I totally pissed in my pants,” Sandy answered, sounding very disappointed about herself, but both girls knew they had both done this together. Ruth crawled a bit closer to Sandy and gave her a comforting hug – answered by Sandy immediately. Neither girl knew in whose pee they were sitting at this point, but it didn’t matter. When they would be freed after lunch, whoever opened the dumpster would find two teenage girls who had peed in their pants. But at least they would be together, and no one could take that away from them.

*006*2014-07-10 07:53

Thanks a lot for your kind reactions! It's really encouraging me to write more, I'll try to find the time to do just that :)

