The girl who pees forever

Author: NanakoMoriyama

*000*2022-10-31 06:38

Water was an ordinary 18 year old girl. She did well in high school, and was going off to college soon. It was summer vacation. And she was on a trip to the beach

Water was just relaxing on a beach towel when suddenly, she felt the urge to pee. It was really bad. She had to go now, or she would leak everywhere

She was about to get up, but felt too relaxed in her chair, and too desperate to go. So she just laid back, with her bikini still on, and let her pee out full force. She moaned in relief, she had never had to go this badly. One minute passed, and her stream showed no signs of slowing down. She had sat on her lounge chair, as if nothing was happening, enjoying the most relaxing moment of her life.

Three minutes passed, and she was still going. She wondered why her pee wouldn’t stop. One moment she felt just fine, another she was literally producing a small golden lake. People were starting at her at this point, and some had even been recording with their phones

Ten minutes passed, and she had a huge puddle underneath her lounge chair. She decided to just go on her boat. She was on a beach in San fransisco, and wanted to go sailing away. She had a bag with food packed

As she carried her boat and walked towards the ocean, she was leaving a yellow trail behind her. Everyone was staring, some had posted videos onto omorashi.org. She finally got her boat onto the water, she was ready to set sail

She laid onto her boat, still peeing like a fire hydrant. She took her bikini off, and put a blanket over her to cover herself, and the urine simply came through a hole and into the ocean. She laid still for the next few hours, in total bliss. Then she fell asleep.

Next thing she knew, a lifeboat had come to pick her up. It thought Water was in serious danger. The man rescuing her was shocked to find that she was peeing so hard, even though she was sleeping. He went and brought her onto board, very worried about her.

The boat’s medical team came about. They had never seen anything like this before. A girl peeing herself forever! They did an X-ray, and saw that her body cells had a rare ability to reproduce water, and shoot it out. They had no idea how it started, it must have been a delayed effect in something she drank. But they knew one thing for sure. She would never stop ruining. Water, was the pee girl forever. Now, when she wakes up, her life will change in an instant.

That is the end of part 1 of the story. I hope you like it, maybe I can post more of water’s adventures with her new ability

*002*2022-11-01 05:52

If you want to know whether the girl peed herself in “two hours til sunrise” yes she did. At exactly midnight, she couldn’t take it anymore and peed for 5 minutes straight, soaking the salt. I know because I am one of her friends and saw the massive puddle. Let’s just say she will not hear the end of it anytime soon

Alright, now for part 2 of my story

Water woke up in a hospital bed. But it had a hole in it, for her pee to go down, right into the ocean. She was not peeing ATM, but was really tired, and didn’t want to get up.

The boat she was on was headed for Osaka, Japan. Japan is the place where omorashi was invented, so she figured maybe it was less embarrassing there

She heard about these gamer urinal things that could play games with her pee. She thought it would be amazing to use one of those. Too bad she was a girl.

The urge was starting to hit her again. Doctors could only stop the flow for so long. She started to piss uncontrollably once more, this time into the hole in the ocean.

When the door opened for a food delivery, sushi with lemonade, Water tried her hardest to hold back the flood. By some miracle, she did, but was in intense pain.

Luckily, the server cared about her privacy, so he left the food for her and ran out. Water began going full force once more. It continued on for another 6 hours, before she arrived at Japan.

She had lucky timing, as soon as she arrived at Japan, her stream stopped

What she didn’t know this whole time was that there were hidden cameras in her room. Doctors were checking on her urine flow pattern, so that they could try to find a solution to her problem.

They found that her pee goes in 12 hour increments. For 12 hours, she has an uncontrollable flood, and then it stops for another 12 hours. They inform Water of this pattern.

”You’ve been spying on us!” She gasped. “I’m a doctor, not a pervert” said the doctor in response.

”Okay, I understand”

She steps off into Japan. Stay tuned for part 3, where she uses the gamer urinal. It will get INSANE!

If part 3 never comes, you are free to create it yourself, I don’t like leaving stories on cliffhangers forever.

How did you like my answering two questions in one post, Roronoa Zoro?

*003*2022-11-05 08:38

Sorry that part 2 took several days, I am new to this website, and it took 70 hours to get approved by the moderators

Now here’s part 3:

Water first arrived in Japan, and was fascinated. There were so many tall buildings. She should not contain her eyes

Of course, she immediately remembered her problem. At exactly 12 PM, and until 12 AM, she would have a very long stream. Doctors don’t know why yet, they have only come across her pattern.

It is currently 11:11 AM. She only has 49 minutes left.

It was at that moment where she saw an ad, on a tall TV, for something quite interesting. People could play games with their urine. It measures how hard the urine hits the urinal, and how much it flows, and your aim.

“Too bad I’m a girl” she thought to herself

At 11:30 PM, she knew she needed to find somewhere. She found a nearby store, but it had the longest lines

There was a shorter line to the mens bathroom, however, so she snuck in there

At 11:59 AM, she had gotten into the restroom, but all the toilet were locked. She turned around, hoping she could just use the sink or something, and then saw those gamer urinals.

It was 11:59:57 AM. She only had three seconds left!

Luckily, the doctor had prescribed her with wearing skirts. He said to always wear those from now on, they are more common in Japan, and also, if she didn’t make it to a toilet, at least she wouldn’t wet herself.

At 11:59:59 AM, she was at the urinal, ready to drench it for the next 12 hours. With the help of her skirt, she could hide her intimate parts while using them and…

AHHHHHH

At exactly 12:00:00 PM, she was a jet hose. Urine shot out of her so fast she thought she would get pushed back. Meanwhile, the game has showed up on her screen, she was going to get a record high score no one would ever beat

Oh no! Water thought. “I’ll be on the news as someone who shot 12 hours worth of pee into a mens urinal”

There were no men in there at the moment, and Water was paranoid that a man would come in and spy on her.

Just then, all four stall doors opened simultaneously. They turned out to be clones of the doctor. They were waiting in there on purpose!

They wanted to see her use a gamer urinal. The women in line were all actors, who made sure than she came into the mens restroom

All the “women” waiting in line also came to see Waters incredible performance. It was the most embarrassing moment of her life! She had to run

It was now 12:10 PM. She needed to get out of there. There was a beach nearby, that she could get some privacy at. She could just “pay” to get a reservation

If you can fill an entire bucket with urine at a certain beach in Osaka, Japan, you can get a reservation there. Otherwise you have to pay 1 million yen

She ran away from the urinal, trying hard to stop the urine. She ran as fast as she could, and was leaving a yellow trail behind her. Along the way, she steals someone’s bike and hops on. This helps slow down the urine flow a little, but it drenches the bike

Along the way, Water gets chased by a mob of perverts, who want to see an incredible chase of the wetting bike vs a mob of scientists and actresses

Once she reaches the bucket, a little ahead of the others, she fills it in 9 seconds, a world record time. She gets a free overnight personal spot at the beach, with room service, comfy lounge chairs, and the ability to pre freely without people watching.

AHH! For real this time!

She may not have gone on the news as a high gamer urinal scorer, but the big chase was on the news. People all over Japan knew about her disorder. She needed to leave Japan ASAP.

Those are problems for tomorrow though. For tonight, she could just have her relaxing day at the beach. She falls asleep at 8:00 PM, and continues releasing her ocean of content until 12:00 AM. Her free stay lasts until 9:00 AM, 3 hours before her next big drench.

Stay tuned for Part 4, where Water will need to escape the beach with her privacy on the line.

*005*2022-11-06 08:03

Part 4

At 8:30 AM, a private jet showed up to the beach Water was at

”I saw what happened on the news! I am here to hire you to produce water. You will go into a machine, and it will filter the urine”

At least water had a way to make money, and a place to urinate for 12 hours. It would be an easy, albeit boring job, and the pay would be high.

***A bit of an interruption here. I am here to tell you that omorashi is NOT PORN! I don’t know why everyone claims it is porn! Peeing is just a natural body function, that can be an inconvenience in omorashi stories. Not some from of porn! If omorashi was 18+, that meant that people would have to wait until 18 before urinating for the first time. That could be an interesting story idea.

In this context, the people monitoring Water are all female, and they are not there to get “aroused” or whatever!

If you disagree, then good luck explaining to your parents why you visit this website!

***

The lab was located in San Fransisco, a common place for omorashi labs at this time period. In one such lab, as news reported, they tried to make a girl who had an infinite bladder, but the man testing her left her abandoned. Legend says she is still there to this day, and has not peed. Who knows how much pee if left in her (See “The Girl with the infinite bladder” by @MrPiggy)

It takes 12 hours to fly from Japan to San Fransisco, so there would be one more “omorashi” on the plane. So the plane had a toilet

Or so it was supposed to. Only after the flight took off did the pilot realize, that the toilet was out of order, and that Water was in a real situation

The plane would be flying in different time zones. Water’s body was designed to urinate from Noon to midnight regardless of the time zone. Because the plane was traveling east, it meant noon would occur prematurely.

Once 12 PM, local time, hit, there was no stopping it. Water had simply decided to just use the sink. Ahhh, what a relief.

While there was no one else on the plane to spy on her, it still felt embarrassing to not be using the toilet. But she had to do what she had to do.

This stream would be shorter, due to time progressing faster. Her stream stopped halfway through the flight, then she went to sleep on a bed made just for her.

*007*2022-11-08 05:39

Nice to have someone who agrees with me!

Now I can innocently write part 6 of my story

This story interconnects with another story called “The girl with the infinite bladder”

Water was assigned a 7 figure salary to work for a lab that creates water. Scientists have engineered a machine that converts urine into water, they just needed to have someone who can run it constantly

But first, while Water does not have her stream running, they have someone else in mind

A teenage girl names KT has an infinite bladder, and a scientist had come to do tests on her. However, he only liked desperation, and not wetting, so he never pulled the plug on her. That girl is doing just fine in terms of health, thanks to the infinite bladder, but has a massive bulge, and has been in pain and suffering for over a year.

This new scientist knew that KT would have so much urine he could start with her to get the thing running. Problem was, getting her to the machine. As soon as he pulled the plug, her pee would come out like a waterfall, she wouldn’t care where it landed, she is desperate enough to just let it out in her pants, don’t mind the consequences.

The machine is connected to a wall, and KT is about 300 feet from the machine

This would be a tough moment.

What he ended up doing was giving her sleeping pills, she couldn’t release urine while asleep, right?

When he made sure that she was knocked out, he… pulled the plug

And, nothing happened. For the first 10 seconds, he was able to carry her over to the machine. As soon as she got onto the machine, though, her per came out like a waterfall. From over a year of holding it in, she had over 100,000 ml of pee in her bladder. This would take a while

At the same time, it was 11:00 AM. It couldn’t take an hour for KT to pee, right?

As soon as KT started peeing, she woke up from the pills. Peeing makes those pills wear off. He designed them this way so she could feel the ultimate relief from over a year of holding

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. KT moaned

She had been going for over an hour with no signs of stopping. At this point, they had to bring Water over for the job

She ran to the machine, and then they simultaneously released their contents into it (As I’ve said before, it’s not sexual, it’s just natural).

How do you like my interconnection between two stories? It’s nice to get a conclusion to “The girl with the infinite bladder” is it?

