Holy Water Maiden [TENTATIVE]

Author: FFF

*000*2013-06-16 09:43

First Chapter

I awoke in the half-light of the dawn to the muffled sobs of a small girl standing beside my bed. I rubbed my eyes and, barely awake, turned to greet her. Her crystal tear-stained cheeks were the first thing I noticed. Small and weak; she stood before me, her hands covering her eyes.

‘Hey, hey – be calm. Why do you cry, little sister?’ her whimpering quietened as I gestured her to come closer.

‘...Brother...brother.'

I knew she had wet her bed. Should she drink hot-milk in the evenings she will never fail to wake up in soaked sheets. It’s almost prophetic.

‘It’s alright. There’s no need to cry.’

Her soaked sheets have been half removed and even in this soft light can you make out the heavily stained mattress. I’m always amazed by her night-time accidents. Often huge, it’s strange to think such a small girl has the capacity to flood her bed so; and yet here before me – this mattress, sodden beyond belief, carries with it uncountable stains. To think it may be half as clean if she would only heed my warnings of the dangers that hot-milk brings should she drink it in the evening.

She begs me not to dry it in the street were the other children my see it, but our house is small and we have no yard. I jokingly tell her that should she be questioned, she may say that it is my bed, though I appear to have pushed too far – she lets out another whimper.

The sun has risen a little higher and now casts its full light upon the world. My little sister has left to clean herself at the public baths, while I’m left to clean her sheets and pyjamas. Her mattress rests beside our house, soaking in the sun’s rays. I grimace at the thought that yet another huge stain will be engraved upon it, but she has no choice but to put up with it. We cannot afford the luxury of a new mattress for her at this moment.

Our house, while far from decrepit, is always in need of repair. It’s a small wooden box - a wooden floor, wooden walls and a wooden roof in a poor outer suburb of a decent sized city. All the homes here are much the same, consisting of either one or two rooms. We are lucky, in that sense, to have afforded a house with two rooms – even if they are only small. I always feared my dear sister would become lost in the monotony of the outer suburbs, so she and I painted our home in pinks and blues and whites. It became a beacon by which she will always find me.

On top of repairs, we have water and electricity to pay for, and the spare change we can muster together when we visit the local shrine. We must respect the gods, for they give us hope in these hard times. At least, that’s what I've been taught.

When I’m finished with the washing, I place it all in a basket in preparation to hang it on the community clothes line very near to the house. Just one step outside and I notice the lovely neighbour from the house opposite ours walk by – she too, carries a basket of laundry. She’s beautiful – small breasted and athletic, but every bit of her: a woman. I feel she is older than me, but I cannot be sure. We catch eyes as she walks by and gives me a smile. I dumbly stare back and follow her to the clothes line. She begins hanging out clean white sheets and various items of clothing – cotton and lace panties, brassieres. I quickly avert my eyes when she catches me staring, and fumble with my sister’s garments. I’m quite embarrassed to hang out a sheet covered in stains of all shapes and sizes, but my neighbour knows it is not mine.

So kind is she, that I find myself invited to eat dinner with her on many occasions. My little sister invited too, of course. She cooks for us when we cannot afford to cook for ourselves, and she cares for my little sister when I am out working.

My eyes wander to her firm arse; her tight pants leaving little to the imagination. My lovely neighbour, if only you looked at me the way I look at you. I can barely sleep knowing she is but a few steps away. I lay awake at night thinking of nothing but her. Should I sleep, I dream only of her - fleeting illusions of her that disappear and leave an empty darkness in the chill air of the dawn, should my sister awaken me with soft sobs and wet sheets.

‘Would you stay for dinner tonight?’ my thoughts are interrupted by a heavenly voice.

‘Y-yes. Thank you.’

She smiles and nods happily. ‘It’s rice and grilled pork’.

‘Thank you for taking care of my sister and I.’ my thanks are the only thing I can offer her, but she is always happy to receive it.

‘I’ll see you tonight, then.’ and with that, she picks up her basket and departs, but not before pointing to my sister’s stained sheet and giving me a wink.

‘No more hot-milk! You spoil her!’ she cheerily laughs and my heart pines. I think to myself how dangerous she is, as I too pick up my basket and depart for home.

End of Excerpt

- Notes -

Should I go back on this title? I'm sure it'll have something to do with the plot. Eventually. This isn't the full first chapter, rather I'm just fishing for responses/ criticism. Think of it as a "trial chapter" The story will eventually cover more than "bedwetting", should I continue - desperation, wetting, etc. All text is subject to change and revision. I'll probably move this to Community Stories as it goes on.

