HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 6

Author: frostyjr2

*125*2014-02-01 10:43

And here it is, the latest installment of the story...

And while i can't truly say that little Erica is the main focus of this chapter, you will get to see a little more of her this time !

We certainly hope that you will enjoy it...

CHAPTER 13:

...STILL DREAMING

Sarah loved watching Megan while she slept. It was one of her favourite things, especially on nights like this when her lover hadn't had the chance to use the loo before dropping off. Now her beautiful Megan was curled up in a ball on her side, one slender hand jammed between her long, luscious, tightly clenched thighs as she whimpered softly in her sleep, murmuring, “No, please… not now… mustn’t give in… must not pee… please…” over and over, so softly Sarah could barely make out the words.

She smiled to herself as she padded over to the large double windows in her light blue cotton men's style pyjamas and drew the curtains back slightly to expose a lovely view of the grounds, the eerie moors surrounding the estate illuminated by the light of an almost full moon. Sarah opened the windows a little to allow a bit of fresh air into the room.

Suddenly, a flash of movement caught her eye. A small shadowy figure dressed entirely in black from head to toe was running, then jumping up to and sliding down the inclines of the stairs’ railings. It streaked across the crushed gravel of the driveway barely making a sound, then into one of the gardens, nimbly leaping and tumbling over hedges without breaking stride before vaulting easily over the high stone wall which surrounded the estate.

As Sarah watched, she could see the ninja-like runner moving rapidly into the distance, seemingly unfazed by any of the many obstacles in their path. Then, the figure turned suddenly, and headed back towards the manor at a furious clip, repeating every movement precisely in reverse order before disappearing around the back of the house.

Who the blazes was that, and what could they possibly be doing? Sarah mused.

If it hadn’t been a windless and clear night, she wouldn’t have heard or seen a thing, she thought. Leaning her elbows on the windowsill, she squinted her eyes as she strained to see into the moonlight shadows. The grounds now seemed utterly still, and for several long moments all seemed silent. Straining her senses, was there something else there? Maybe, just on the edge of hearing, but she couldn’t be sure. Carried across the moors on the gentlest of breezes, the howl of a lone wolf faded in and out, so faint Sarah wondered if she’d actually imagined it. But imaginary or not, the sad and despairing cry made the hairs on her neck stand on end, and a tremor of unease run through her body.

Deciding to call it a night, she hastily locked the windows shut and drew the curtains. Turning away, she walked over to the bed, slid beneath the soft, cloudlike down comforter and between the silk sheets and gently inserted her arm under Megan's neck, pulling her close and holding her tight. Instinctively, Megan snuggled up against her, all the while squirming gently even in her deep slumber.

Fighting the overwhelming pull of gravity on her heavy eyelids, Sarah spent her last few waking moments dreamily gazing upon the beautiful face of the girl she loved and adored. Gently stroking Megan’s supple body, she followed her curves beneath the soft sheets, being careful not to wake her, and let her hand come to rest gently on her thigh. Even after the fun they had just had, a renewed flash of naughtiness leaped into her mind, and she was acting on it before she could stop herself. Moving her hand slowly to her lover’s navel, she felt the bulge of her tight and desperately full bladder, hard and firm beneath her fingers. She grinned as she gave it a gentle push, and a still sound asleep Megan responded instantly. Wriggling away and jamming her hand back between her legs, she then began quietly pleading with someone in the dream she was having.

“Please … can’t wait … please let me …”

###

Cradling her painfully bulging bladder with both hands, Megan staggered across the desolate moonlit moorland. Hunched over, she was running, running as fast as her bladder would allow, desperate to escape some unseen terror that she knew was lurking in the darkness behind her.

Dragging her bare feet through the bracken, her once pristinely white negligee billowed behind her, now covered with filth and dirt from where she had stumbled and fallen just moments ago. The raging pressure that had built within had reached a fever pitch, and it was all she could do to just stumble on and keep from wetting herself from both fear and utter desperation.

One foot in front of the other, running, always running.

There it was again, the eerie silence was broken by that howl she had heard so many times now, the unearthly hellish wail of whatever it was that was stalking her, first far behind, then flanking her to the left, skulking in the shadows, then to her right.

Oh God, how many of them are there? She thought as she continued to run barefoot through the desolate landscape.

Pale faced and panting with terror, her heart hammered through her chest, every rapid beat echoing through the tender ball of urine inside her abdomen. Not daring to glance around, she dragged her desperate fragile body forwards, running, always running. With a final burst of panic-driven energy, she blundered on in a final despairing attempt to find safety.

All of a sudden, she found herself at the brink of a precipice, and could go no further. Now she was trapped, and she could feel the ravening beast closing in on her, see its eerie glowing yellow eyes piercing the darkness that surrounded her, feel the evil creature's hot breath upon her neck as it readied itself to strike. Opening her mouth, she tried to scream, but no sound came out.

Suddenly the world around her went white, a blinding flash of brilliant light assaulting her senses. Transported from the nightmare just in the nick of time, she floated through empty space, the panic beginning to fade. She was aware of just one thing, she was about to wet herself, there would soon be no stopping it…

Everything around her came into focus. She was back inside the manor, standing motionless in one of the many hallways.

How did I get here? She wondered. She tried to think, but everything seemed fuzzy, and something definitely didn’t feel right. Her heart was still beating hard and fast, but all that mattered now was finding that elusive bathroom. There had to be one around here somewhere! Grasping her crotch through her pristinely white sheer silk negligee, she pushed and rubbed at her womanly folds, feeling her wee on the brink of escape.

“Please … I can’t hold on … it’s coming out …” Megan cried, trying the first door she came to and finding it locked. Suddenly remembering what little Erica had told them about the doors getting stuck, she took a small step back before heaving her shoulder into it. As the door gave way, she stumbled into the room beyond … but, OMG... this wasn’t the bathroom!

Megan heard the slap of the wooden paddle before she saw it, followed by a squeal of delight as it made contact with housemaid Erica’s round bare rear end. As the mindboggling scene came into focus, Megan’s eyes were first drawn to Erica’s naked form, lying face down and tied spread eagle on a bed with nylon stockings attaching both her hands and feet to the four bedposts, her bright red bottom almost seeming to glow brightly in the darkened room as the paddle made the flesh of her supple buttocks ripple gently. As her initial squeal morphed into a low rasping moan of euphoria, Erica arched her back and strained against her bonds.

Frozen in shock and gazing open mouthed, it took Megan several long seconds to pry her eyes away from the bound beauty. Taking in the figure dressed from head to toe in an outfit of shiny black leather that perfectly matched her long black hair, it took a further second for her to realise it was in fact Wan Yu who was kneeling beside the bed, tenderly running a hand up the inside of Erica's thighs, but never quite going high enough to give her the pleasure she was truly desiring.

"OOhhhh... Please, I need to come and I need to pee! I don't think I can hold it in too much longer !" the tiny housemaid said.

"If Megan could hold it the way she did at the dinner table when she was so obviously desperate, then so can you, little girl. You'd better not wet this bed, Erica!"

As if to add emphasis to her stern words, the lovely leather clad woman brought the paddle down hard onto Erica's rear once more with a loud smack, eliciting yet another squeal, this one followed by a breathless plea for more and then this:

"OHHH MY GODDDD.... it feels so good... I can't take it!!"

"Oh yes you can, and you will!"

"Please.... no, don't make me hold it any longer... I have to pee so badly, and every time you spank me, a little squirt comes out, I just can't help it!

To Megan, the little housemaid's words and tone were both familiar and arousing.

Meanwhile, Wan Yu had finally seemed to notice the very desperate Megan standing there in her short translucent white nightie and matching knickers. She looked over at Megan now even as she gently caressed Erica's bottom with one gloved hand while the other still held the wooden paddle high, ready for the next surprising smack.

Feeling herself losing control, the first dribble of urine trickled from Megan's trembling body. It began its descent down the inside of her thighs, snaking this way and that before finally dripping to the floor. As Wan Yu turned to face her, looking luminous in the pale moonlight, Megan tried to stammer an apology for bursting in on them, but she was struck temporarily dumb.

Smiling provocatively, Wan Yu's breathy sensuous voice said, "Come, Megan, won't you join us?"

Although she spoke softly, Megan could still hear her quite clearly, even over Erica's loud moans of ecstasy. As if in a dream, she floated over to the bed, still dribbling as she stepped over a pair of black sweatpants and a matching hoodie which had been thrown carelessly on the floor beside it. Unable to do anything but obey Wan Yu's command, she stretched out face down over Erica, covering the little housemaid's naked body with her own, with only her thin silk nightie between them. She grasped the bound girl's wrists firmly and as she spread her legs wide enough to put her feet outside of Erica's ankles, she felt leather gloved hands gently raising the hem of her nightie, tenderly lowering her knickers to just below her firm round bottom, and then finally, the smack of the wooden paddle against her own rear end, which caused her to gasp and also to let out a little spurt of hot pee, unfortunately...

###

Megan woke up with a start to find Sarah fast asleep, luckily. Her poor full bladder was threatening to overflow at any moment; in fact, the bed was already a little wet from that uncontrollable spurt that had just gotten through her defences, not to mention her oozing girl juices... OMG, that dream!!!!

It had all seemed so real... in fact, her bottom still felt rather warm, strangely enough.

She looked over at the clock on the dresser. It was 3:30 am, and she hadn't been allowed to pee since her accident in the hallway nine hours earlier, so it was no wonder her wee was seriously about to explode out of her at any second! If she wet the bed any more, she and Sarah might be re-enacting the scene in the dream for real all too soon. Sarah had expressly forbidden Megan to ever wet the bed; it was the one place where wetting was deemed to be totally off-limits, no matter how desperate she might become.

OMG...

Leaping out of bed, Megan pressed her fingers tightly up against her pee hole with a firm grip, and immediately made a bolt for the door. Her knickers were wet and warm to the touch, and they were about to get a whole lot wetter if she didn’t get them down, and soon. Giving a glance back to check that Sarah was still asleep, she carefully turned the door handle and inched open the door, praying that the hinges had been well oiled and wouldn’t creak. Silently, the door opened and she slipped into the hallway, squirming and massaging her genitals with vigour as a sudden surge of intense pressure took her breath away. Feeling herself squirt uncontrollably, the brief spray shot straight through her panties with force and saturated her hand, a small pool of urine collecting in her palm and dripping through her fingers.

She was seconds away from losing it, and with a soft click, the door closed shut and she was on her way. Wiping the pee from her hand on the hem of her short and extremely revealing nightie, nothing would stop her now. There just had to be somewhere she could have a wee, somewhere other than into her underwear! Trotting barefoot back down the corridor towards the grand staircase, she tried doors one after the other, but all appeared to be locked. Breathing shallowly and rapidly, Megan knew it was either now or never. Passing the scene of her earlier accident yet again, the memory burned so vividly in her mind that she could almost feel the relief. She felt more desperate than she had been even then, and she didn’t understand how she was still managing to hold on, somehow. Reaching the staircase and descending rapidly, she spurted and dribbled on every footfall, but couldn’t slow up the pace.

A minute, 30 seconds maybe, that’s all she had and she knew it, she was all but wetting herself right now. Desperate and disoriented, she made one final last ditch attempt at finding that elusive bathroom as she tried the first closed door she came to, shuddering and straining to hold it in for just 10 more seconds. When it didn’t open, she began to sob softly to herself and double crossed her sexy legs, trapping her hand up against her sodden lips. With a recollection of what Erica had told them about the doors sometimes getting stuck, a sudden sense of déjà vu overcame her as she steeled her muscles for one final push. Heaving her shoulder into the door, it unexpectedly yielded and swung open.

Unfortunately, at the very same moment, her bladder muscles yielded slightly as well.

As she stood there trembling on the threshold, a bit of her hot urine began to trickle down the inside of her thighs.

“Well, well, if it isn't our Ms. Parker? So nice to see you,” Daghly said, smiling as he took in Megan’s long legs and lovely figure beneath her short, filmy nightie, outlined as they were by the light behind her as she stood shivering slightly in the doorway, from both the chill of the night air and her urgent need.

“As long as you’re awake, why don’t you join me? There are a few things I’d like to discuss with you now.”

Lord Daghly strode over to where Megan was standing and draped his arm around her in a most unprofessional manner. Ushering her into the salon, he closed the door shut firmly behind them.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*131*2014-02-08 14:07

It's that wonderful time again, time for a new chapter of this little tale...

Welcome back to Dartmoor Manor, and...

Game on !

CHAPTER 14:

DEAD MEN DON'T TAKE MEETINGS

As Megan and Sarah came down to breakfast, they couldn't help but notice quite a bit of a commotion by the doorway to the salon. Through the open doors, they could see the room in disarray, and several of the servants standing outside. The staff were obviously distraught, whispering amongst themselves as Lady Daghly stood calmly at the centre of the room looking very much like like the calm eye of this hurricane of distress. Sarah noticed there seemed to be a bit of a puddle over towards the large fireplace at the back of the room, along with what looked like some broken pottery or china scattered about nearby.

"What's going on, if you don't mind my asking?" Sarah enquired of Erica the little housemaid, who happened to be standing right next to her at the moment.

"Oh, Ma'am... Lord Daghly has turned up dead, don't you know?" the small girl said in her pronounced Essex accent as she pushed her oval spectacles back up from the end of her tiny nose with her left index finger.

"Lord Daghly, dead?" Sarah said in surprise. "If that's so, how did it happen?"

"Seems like he fell, Ma'am, and hit his head, Ma'am."

"Well, then, where's his body?" Sarah asked.

"Lady Daghly had Cervin carry His Lordship upstairs, Ma'am, to the master bedroom, Ma'am."

"That will be quite enough, Erica," said Lady Daghly sternly as she exited the drawing room. "Return to your duties at once."

"Yes, Ma'am!"

The small girl reddened visibly and scurried off towards the kitchen like a tiny timid mouse, accompanied by the soft rustling of her crinoline petticoats and the rhythmic tapping of her high heeled shoes on the polished wood parquet floor as she moved rapidly down the long hallway.

Lady Daghly brushed past Sarah and Megan with a curt nod, saying, "You will forgive me, please. I have much to attend to at the moment."

Then she followed close on Erica's heels down the hall.

"Touch nothing!" Sarah said sotto voce, and smiled to herself.

I've always wanted to say that, she thought.

"Well, nothing else, anyhow," she added under her breath.

It didn't sound quite so good to her ears now, but whatever. Poor Lord Daghly; the weekend certainly wasn't going according to plan, she thought.

With Lady Daghly gone now, there was no one to prevent her from doing so, and she casually sauntered over to get a closer look at the scene of the accident. Turning back briefly to look at Megan, she gestured over to a table of food and refreshments. Even amongst the chaos, Lady Daghly had apparently been thoughtful enough to have one of the servants lay out a selection of pastries and hot drinks for the guests. "Why don't you go help yourself to something sweetie? I'll be over in a while." Sarah said.

Megan nodded as Sarah resumed her examination of the scene. Having been left standing on her own for a moment, she reflected on the events of the last 24 hours. Megan realised, with a naughty little smile, that she hadn't visited an actual bathroom, and peed in an actual toilet, since they'd left home yesterday morning. The whole thing was getting just a little ridiculous, there HAD to be one here somewhere! Where was everyone else peeing for heavens sake?! She was utterly bursting to go again, and in fact it had been the urgent cry of her bladder that had woken her up this morning, a full hour and a half ago.

She knew that Sarah had impeccable control over her own body's needs, but she also knew that a whole 24 hours without at least one wee was beyond even her. But when had she had the chance to go? Suddenly it dawned on her.

So while I was curled up fast asleep last night, with a bladder the size of a watermelon and just about wetting the bed, the cheeky minx must have snuck out to find the loo!

The thought of Sarah slinking out triggered memories of her own nocturnal adventures, whether real or imagined, and she blushed as she glanced around, hoping no one had suddenly developed the ability to read her mind. Although at the moment her mind was somewhat preoccupied processing the urgent signals from her bladder, which in turn was making her feel quite hot and bothered, in more ways than just one. She felt as if she was drowning from the inside out, her pee filling her entire body all the way up to her brain, which was now floating atop the flood water, bobbing gently as it sloshed around within.

I wonder if it will start dribbling from my ears if I wait long enough? Megan thought fleetingly, before chuckling gently to herself, and bobbing her knees to help hold on for a while longer.

Happy to see that no one was paying her the slightest bit of attention, she figured that after everything that had transpired just recently, she was in no position to complain about her current situation. Choosing to keep as low a profile as possible, she opted to just squeeze her legs tightly together beneath her floral knee length 1940's style dress. After two such long and monumental holds yesterday, she really needed to find that toilet, and rather badly too.

Megan took small mincing steps as she made her way over to the refreshments table. She wondered, given the circumstances, if it was appropriate to just help herself, but looking around, she was pleased to see that Mao Tse had already beaten her to it; he was unabashedly slurping loudly from a steaming cup of something hot. As badly as she needed a wee, Megan was feeling parched. At home, she was accustomed to starting the day with a strong cup of sweet creamy coffee, usually followed by another a short while after, and she was craving that caffeine kick.

Pouring one for herself, she sipped daintily from the cup, little pinky extended, trying to look as posh as she could possibly muster. It was wasted though, everyone else was entirely wrapped up in their own world of thought, and Megan couldn't help but breathe a little sigh of relief that she was out of the spotlight for once. Battling another not-so-little urgent surge at that very moment, her coffee cup rattled gently against its saucer as she tensed her PC muscles to hold back the flood, hands trembling as she did so. She yearned to give herself a long hard squeeze, but daren't risk it, even if no one was looking her way. She knew that as soon as she reached down, a hundred pairs of eyes would appear out of nowhere and witness her little faux pas. No… she just couldn't. But… that table top might just be the right height...

She turned around and faced the table, so her back was to the room. Giving a brief glance behind to double check the coast was still clear, she positioned herself at the corner, and carefully stood on tiptoes. Leaning forward a little and guiding the corner of the table to between her legs, she lowered her wee hole gently down onto the hard wooden surface, feeling it firm against her privates as she squirmed around on it for a moment. Oh, now that felt much better, and no hands required!

Technically, I'm not holding myself either... Megan thought, remembering the new rule Sarah had thought of last night while she had been dancing around in ecstatic desperate agony. She smiled inwardly to herself.

She closed her eyes and sighed a little, feeling her pee receding from the point of bursting out, with a little twinge of pleasure thrown in for good measure.

If only she could stay like this, she might even be able to hold on forever...

(TO BE CONTINUED)

*134*2014-02-08 23:01

"Hold on..." Well, i always try to, at the very least !

It certainly does look as if he poor girl has been holding all night, and in any case she's totally desperate by now...

The next chapter should be pretty good.

*138*2014-02-15 12:43

Welcome back, folks ! Here's the latest installment of the story, and both orango and i hope that you will enjoy it !

CHAPTER 15:

THE SHORT STUBBY ARM OF THE LAW

As the 'Panda' Incident Response Vehicle negotiated the twisty road leading to Dartmoor Manor with Fergus at the wheel, his partner PCSO Katherine Grant turned towards him and asked, "Ever been up this way before now?"

"Can't say as I 'ave, seein' as I 'aven't," Constable Dunstable replied.

He was a rather large man with a florid complexion, and it was an uncomfortably tight fit between the driver's seat and the steering wheel of their Vauxhall Astra for him. His peaked cap with its distinctive black and white checkerboard Sillitoe Tartan band sat uneasily back on his head as he drove quite cautiously along the treacherously narrow band of poor roadway which was bordered on either side by deep ditches, and he was sweating profusely despite the unseasonable chill on the moors this morning.

Just his luck to be assigned to this case... Lord Daghly's death, sweet Mary Mother of God. No matter how you looked at it, it was a real can of worms, an important man passing on like that, even if it was an accident. He'd almost rather have been out on their usual beat, policing dog fouling offenders in the local town centre. As horrible as that was, at least it wasn't complicated in any way, shape or form.

Or at least it hadn't been until relatively recently...

Dog fouling had been on the rise of late, mysterious giant mounds appearing suddenly here and there overnight. If and when they ever caught up with the dog and owner in question, Constable Dunstable was of a mind to have PCSO Grant not just offer her usual strong words of advice, but also a nice hefty 75 pound fine, which they only recently had been authorized to issue to anyone caught not cleaning up after a dog in their care. Surprisingly, even the local constabulary's recent 'Big Scoop Day' initiative had failed to yield the desired result...

His partner's nasal voice broke him out of his reverie.

"Wouldn't you'd think a Lord could afford to redo this bit of road, now? It's quite dreadful, wouldn't you say?"

PCSO Grant was a plain woman with a large nose and dishwater blonde hair, which she wore tucked up in a tidy bun under her regulation bowler, and she was in the habit of making everything she said into a question, somehow. When they had first been partnered, Fergus had found it quite irritating but now, after a few years, he simply treated her questions as either rhetorical, or as statements instead.

"Rah-ther," Dunstable replied with a grin, affecting a posh accent and causing Grant to giggle girlishly.

###

Having finally arrived at the manor, the two police officers were met at the door by the butler.

"I am Cervin," he said. "Please be so good as to follow me; I will take you to Her Ladyship at once."

Lady Daghly was standing just outside of the salon when the three of them arrived.

Being the senior officer, Constable Dunstable took the lead.

Doffing his cap, he said, "Ma'am, first, please let me offer our condolences. Lord Daghly was a good man, a great man, even, and I'm quite sure that his loss will be felt throughout our whole community, perhaps even throughout the entire Kingdom."

"Thank you ever so much, Officer," Lady Daghly replied, dabbing rather theatrically at her eyes with a delicate linen handkerchief. "And such a silly way for a former soldier to die, too, falling and hitting his head like that. He'd been in combat, don't you know?"

"Begging your pardon, Ma'am," PCSO Grant said, "but would you mind showing us to where His Lordship's body was found?"

"I'm sorry, but I am afraid that the sight may be too much for me, and I have many details to attend to now as well. Cervin, please make sure that these good constables have everything that they need."

"Of course, Madam." The butler inclined his head as Lady Daghly turned and headed up the stairway towards the east wing of the manor. Then, addressing the two constables, "This way, if you please."

He led them into the salon, and said "I shall leave you to your work then. If you require anything, don't hesitate to ask."

He then turned and walked rather quickly away.

"Ask who?" Fergus muttered. "You've just gone and left us 'ere all on our tod, 'aven't you?"

"Well, we'd best 'ave a bit of a look around, 'adn't we then?" Grant said.

Fergus pulled his notebook out of one of the pockets of his tactical trousers, and removed the stub of pencil from its holder. He then began to take notes on the time, location and circumstances of the death.

"What's all this, then?" Constable Dunstable muttered, looking down suspiciously at the puddle on the floor. He motioned to PCSO Grant to take a closer look.

She approached the pool of liquid cautiously, pulling on a pair of rubber gloves before she squatted down, stuck a stubby finger into it and raised it to her nose. Taking a sniff, she said, "Looks as if someone 'as 'ad a bit of a wee right 'ere, dunnit?"

"So maybe 'e slipped and fell, and 'it 'is 'ead, and then he wet 'imself, too? Then it's no wonder they carried 'im off upstairs then, innit?" Dunstable replied, smiling just a bit.

"Well, leavin' 'im lyin' in a pool of 'is own wee wouldn't be seemly, don't you think?" Grant replied.

"Probably best to leave that bit out of the official report," Fergus replied with a smile.

As she stood up, PCSO Grant had to stifle another rather girlish giggle at the thought of His Lordship peeing his pants, as inappropriate as it might have been to the gravity of the situation. Of course, now that it had been mentioned, Katherine was actually feeling a bit of the urge herself. Her morning ritual of two large mugs of sweet milky tea was catching her out at the most awkward and inconvenient time, and she squeezed her thighs together and squirmed just a little bit where she stood just as discreetly as she was able, hoping that her partner would take no notice of it.

Where the devil was the WC in this house, anyway?

Well, it wasn’t obvious, and she was certainly not about to ask Her Ladyship to use the loo in any case; it just wasn’t done, don’t you know? She’d just have to manage, somehow… but it wasn’t getting any easier.

By now, Cervin had returned, but she wasn't about to ask him, either. Lady Daghly had returned with him. Meanwhile, Fergus almost seemed to be reading her mind as he spoke, looking at the spot on the floor.

"An accident; a most regrettable and unfortunate occurrence to be sure, but most certainly an accident nonetheless." He wrote in his book after thumbing through it to find a free page.

An accident! If he doesn't hurry up, I'm about to have an accident of my own, Katherine thought as she felt a warm little spurt of pee escape to dampen her sensible cotton full back knickers beneath her regulation trousers.

Constable Dunstable carefully placed his pencil in the holder attached to his small notebook, closed the book and tucked it away in one of the cargo pockets of his tactical trousers. As far as he was concerned, the investigation had come to a successful conclusion. He looked over at his partner, who seemed to be squirming just a little, and smiled to himself.

Looks as if Grant needs a bit of a wee, dunnit? Well, I guess I'll just take my time getting back to the station, then... and see if I can't find a few extra potholes along the way.

"Well, I suppose we'll be off now. Thank you for your time, and our condolences once again, Ma'am," Dunstable said.

"Thank you, and good day to you both," Lady Daghly said in reply. "Cervin will see you out."

PCSO Grant breathed an audible sigh of relief as they pulled out of the driveway. Although it was a fairly long way back to the station, and would be a rather desperate bit of holding for her until they got there, at least she hadn't wet herself fully right there on the manor floor.

Whether the Astra's passenger seat would still be dry by the time they pulled into the car park at the constabulary still remained to be seen, however.

(TO BE CONTINUED)

*144*2014-02-22 13:49

INTERLUDE

Rack after rack of military grade data servers hummed in the dimly lit underground chamber, their components chattering in harmony and creating a mesmerising and somnifacient symphony of sound. Thousands of LED's flickered incessantly as the veritable processing powerhouses went about their daily duties. Over the gentle roar of cooling fans and redundant power supplies, slow and deliberate footsteps tracked through the darkness, then came to an abrupt stop besides the only chair in the room.

Sitting down tentatively on the rickety old wooden school chair, the figure pondered for a moment.

All the millions of pounds worth of equipment down here, and they couldn't stretch to a comfortable chair? … Damn those government cutbacks!

At the touch of a small luminous red button, a vast array of holographic displays flickered into life, lighting up the chamber and casting eerie shadows in the gloom.

Donning a set of specially designed 'Tesla 1000' headphones with combined electronic eyeglasses, the figure reached out a hand and touched one of the displays, their fingertips moving through the tiny hologram and causing it to momentarily flicker. As if by magic, a 360 degree view of the salon, accompanied by a crystal clear audio feed, flooded into their senses.

It amazes me every time … it's like I'm right there, standing in the room.

The room was, however, completely empty.

Well, that was disappointing.

Picking another display at random, the mysterious figure's senses were instantly teleported to a different place.

Aah, now that's better.

A sweeping view of the grand entrance hall from the top of the stairs came into focus, and who was this hobbling up them right at this instant?

< TO BE CONTINUED>

And here's the next bit, hopefully it will keep you all interested !

CHAPTER 16:

BODY COUNT

Shortly before lunchtime, the guests were all gathered in the salon once again, unsure of what would happen next. As they all glanced around the room in which Lord Daghly had perished with trepidation and uncertainly, Wan Yu Gigg took charge in her inimitable way.

“As long as Lady Daghly doesn’t mind, I suggest we go ahead with the weekend as planned. Despite His Lordship’s demise, we still need to resolve the question of who will be on the team as soon as possible, so that we will be ready to move forward from a strong position,” Wan Yu said. “Leaders may come and go, but the company must survive, no matter what.”

Although this sounded rather cold and unfeeling to Sarah from an emotional standpoint, she could certainly understand the truth of it in principle.

"I'm quite sure that my husband would have wanted that," Lady Daghly said. "I often heard him aver that no single individual was indispensable, and that the common good was the higher purpose. If no one else objects, I see no reason why the weekend shouldn't proceed as planned."

As everyone in the room nodded their agreement, some reluctantly and others more enthusiastic, all of a sudden there was a bit of a disturbance at the back of the salon.

Distracted and upset by the events of the morning, as well as her less than entirely restful night's sleep, Megan had accidentally backed into a priceless antique vase and knocked it off the stand it was on. In the absence of a wee in a considerably long time, her bladder was feeling agonisingly and achingly full, and since no one had been watching her at that particular moment she had been pee dancing quite energetically when she had collided with it. She spun around and watched it tumble as if in slow motion before making a last ditch grab, lunging forward to try and prevent it from smashing onto the floor. Completely failing to catch it in time, Megan could only watch now in horror as the vase continued its descent, while at the same moment her sudden and unexpected movement caused a spurt of pee to erupt from her girlhood, jetting into her knickers for a second before she just about had the strength to clamp it off.

The vase was somehow caught just before it hit the floor by little Erica, who had seemingly appeared out of thin air, accompanied only by the soft rustling sound of her petticoats as she made a rather dramatic diving catch to save the day.

Megan instantaneously began to blush, partly from her careless blunder, and partly because her knickers now felt hot against her body, and were clinging to her womanly folds like they were made of shrink wrap.

“How… how did you do that?” Megan stammered in surprise, squirming wildly and with a hand cradling the protruding bulge of her bladder. She had been certain that the vase was going to shatter on the floor, and the little maid had been nowhere in sight when it had started to fall.

Strange, most strange indeed…

"I was a bit sporty back at college, Ma'am," Erica said with a small grin as she stood up, holding the precious yet surely somewhat heavy large object in her small hands before cradling it quite delicately, as if it were a baby, in her arms.

"Well, perhaps that explains it, then," Sarah said, smiling back at her as the tiny housemaid gently placed the vase back on its stand. Sarah wasn't sure if she was imagining it, but little Erica appeared to be squirming and curtseying ever so slightly too, as if starting to pee dance herself now.

What an amazing pair, Sarah thought, mesmerised by the dual display. Taking in their subtle movements and gestures, or not so subtle in Megan's case, she wondered which of them needed to go more urgently. A naughty thought unexpectedly entered her mind, of the two of them together … she sighed contentedly, a little shiver of excitement racing through her core.

In that instant, Megan leaned forward and sucked in a lungful of air through tightly clenched teeth. There was no mistaking the signs, she was nearing her absolute limit.

At this point she was also drawing the attention of several of the others, and Sarah noticed Wan Yu staring long and hard in the general direction of the two girls. As Megan gave a little glance towards Sarah, her eyes pleaded with her, imploring her to somehow come to her rescue. She needed to get out of there, and right now, otherwise... the thought was too much to bear. She couldn't wet herself here, but she knew she would at any moment if...

"Begging your pardon, Ma'am, but I'd best be off now," the cute little housemaid said softly with downcast eyes. "Much to do, much to do..."

Time to get Megan out of here as well, Sarah thought in a sudden flash of jealousy. As much as she was loving the show, she didn't want to share it with anyone else, and especially not with the rather predatory-seeming Wan Yu.

"For the moment, you are all free to take some time to yourselves," Wan Yu said. "We'll see each other again at lunchtime, and take up business afterwards."

Sarah noticed that even while she spoke addressing the group, Wan Yu's eyes never left Erica's receding form. Hmmm... there's something going on there between those two, I'm certain of it, she thought. As long as she keeps her eyes off of MY Megan... the thought trailed off and her eyes narrowed in annoyance.

Hansom and a very distraught Firenda walked off together, while Wan Yu and Mao Tse resumed their previous night's conversation, apparently much less affected by this bizarre turn of events. Sarah took Megan by the hand and tried to lead her out of the salon, but she seemed reluctant to go, as if she was rooted to the spot.

"What's the matter, sweetie? Come on, let's get out of here." Sarah whispered. "Just a few more minutes, then maybe we'll find you somewhere to pee, OK?" It was a tried and tested line, and usually it helped motivate Megan just enough to keep her holding for a while longer, but apparently she was in a feisty mood today...

"Maybe? There's no 'maybe' about it!" Megan retorted, a little louder than she'd planned. Mao and Wan Yu gave a little glance over to see what the latest commotion was before getting back to their conversation again. Megan was still standing hunched forwards slightly, with her pert little bottom pressed up against the wall for support. "OMG... If I move at all, I'll wee myself...", she said, which was followed by a despairing little sob that made Sarah's heart flutter with excitement.

As if to demonstrate the point, another short jet of urine broke past Megan's exhausted muscles before being ejected from her urethra, spurting forcefully into her already damp knickers for a few tenths of a second, and then dribbling to a stop. She felt a renewed burst of heat against her skin as the cotton crotch panel of her tight panties soaked up the liquid, momentarily containing the leak. However, that was quickly followed by a tickling sensation as it started to soak through the fabric and snake down the inside of her luscious thighs. Pressing her legs together, she halted the descent of the droplets, wiping them away just before they reached her knees. She had held it in so valiantly for such a long time, but now she had started to spurt uncontrollably, she knew it had to be game over very soon.

Sarah squeezed Megan’s hand reassuringly. She could tell from the way she had shuddered that she had just lost a dribble or two, and she daydreamed about what must be happening beneath Megan’s dress.

"Oh, my poor bladder..." Megan's sentence trailed off as she gave it a reassuring rub with her free hand and curtseyed deeply. It felt almost numb, and yet extraordinarily tender beneath her fingers. It had certainly had a workout these last few days! As she applied the gentlest of pressure to her bulging navel, a surge of exhilaration exploded through her body and spiked downwards into her womanhood, making her just a bit weak at the knees. The exquisite aching sensation mingled with the familiar feelings of arousal that being so full and desperate always seemed to give her, and the warm moist fabric of her knickers caressed her ever so sensuously as she struggled and squirmed to hold back the flow. There was no denying it; although she was utterly busting for a wee, it felt so good! Really not wanting to embarrass herself and have another accident however, she had to hold it all inside her somehow, no matter what.

"Come on sweetie, we can't stay here. You have to be strong, and wait for just for a few more minutes." Sarah repeated with a little edge of sternness to her voice. The truth of it was obvious to Megan, but she just didn't know if she had any more strength left in reserve.

She could feel her muscles quivering, and she could feel herself dribbling a little yet again. Three leaks in less than a minute... things were looking very bad indeed. She had never intentionally wet herself yet however, and she wasn't about to start now no matter how strong the urge was to simply give up; she had to at least try...

With Sarah leading the way, Megan followed behind very slowly, her body bent slightly forward at the waist so that from the side her profile resembled the curved angle of a boomerang. Sudden movements were out of the question, as were any heavy footfalls, so she hobbled tentatively almost on tiptoes. The slightest nudge or jolt to the balloon of urine inside her abdomen would see gravity taking over, and pee gushing out all over the floor. As it was, every gentle step was bringing her closer and closer to… something, she wasn't even sure what any more. The all-consuming and positively mind blowing urgency of her situation, in all its erotic glory, was almost more than she could stand.

Why did I drink all that coffee this morning? Silly girl! Megan scolded herself, cradling her bladder and barely resisting the urge to grab hold of her most intimate womanly region, dribbling and oozing liquid as it was. Pee certainly accounted for much of the warm wetness currently residing between her legs, but it felt as if there could be an awful lot of other, altogether slicker and stickier fluids congregating besides.

As they approached the stairway, Megan looked up at she sheer vastness of it, laid out before her like the most daunting assault course she had ever seen. When a girl was in such a seriously desperate state, her bladder filling all the available space inside her petite frame, even the simplest of things became a test of one's willpower and strength. Megan was withdrawing into herself, unable to find the strength to even speak or raise protest at the condition she was in. It was all she could do to just prevent the contents of her bladder from exploding into her panties as she followed Sarah like a little lost sheep, in the hopes that she might take pity on her and lead her to the holy grail, a/k/a that elusive bathroom.

As unlikely as it seemed, in that moment Megan had hope and believed it might well be true. She fantasised about that one thing, the sparkling white porcelain against her legs as she sat down, cold to the touch on the backs of her thighs, but warming quickly as she blasted what felt like litre after litre of wee into its waiting mouth …she tensed every muscle in her body as the little fantasy started to become a grim realty, and yet another trickle escaped her and snaked down the insides of both of her thighs.

Oh … stop ... please! Megan pleaded. Her body apparently heeded her internal cries, because the leak now slowed to a dribble before petering out completely again, but it left her underwear utterly sodden and feeling extraordinary hot. If she didn't know better, she would swear she could see a little wisp of steam emanating from under the hem of her dress, followed by the sweet smell of fragrant feminine urine.

Sarah was already half way up the staircase before Megan had even attempted its ascent, but she now steeled herself for the climb. Glancing around like a nervous meerkat, the feelings between her legs were building to the point where if she didn't find a proper spot to pee, she was either going to wet herself anyway or come, or maybe even both. She scanned her surroundings, her eyes flitting from one place to another in search of a suitable place to release … she wasn't going to make it to the seemingly mythical loo now, that much was becoming obvious.

With each footstep up, tiny spurts and splutters were now jetting from her body at regular intervals and leaving a trail of tiny droplets behind her like the crumbs the little girl had sown in that fairy tale she remembered from her childhood, and there was nothing she could do to prevent it from happening now. In a desperate last ditch attempt to contain it, she hitched up the front of her dress and began to work her pee hole through the thin fabric of her floral patterned and lace trimmed cotton knickers, but even then she could still feel it coming out, seeping around her finger tips and trickling onto her hand.

Panting quickly and shallowly she began to panic as she finally reached the top of the stairs, her face flushed red with shame and embarrassment and with beads of perspiration dripping from her brow. Dishevelled, her hair was clinging to her forehead, and her body shivered and trembled as it tried to override the voluntary muscle at the base of her bladder that was keeping her in such an agonisingly desperate state.

She looked around and saw the sculpture of the big blue eye, but she most certainly couldn't pee into that! Why couldn't it have been a vase like the one she had knocked over downstairs? Tiptoeing carefully behind Sarah, doubled over in pain and with a hand jammed between her legs and kneading her privates, they approached the scene of her accident yesterday afternoon. She had almost forgotten what it felt like to not need a wee, but there it was, both in front of her and in her mind's eye, and she suddenly remembered the way it felt as clear as anything. The sweet release of finally feeling her bladder emptying, it was like waking up from a nightmare and seeing the light...

I'm not going to wet myself, I'm not going to wet myself, Megan kept repeating her very personal version of a Hindu mantra over and over in her head. It will just have to stay in until I find the toilet. I'm NOT going to wet myself...

However, her critically full bladder simply wasn't taking heed of anything her mind was telling it. If anything, the thoughts in her mind were being drowned out by the incessant ache and throbbing of the angry and heavily distended ball of urine inside her abdomen. As she felt the next hot droplets of urine finally reach her ankles, she stopped in her tracks and leaned against the wall for support, both hands now massaging and kneading her wee hole with renewed energy and vigour.

Sensing Megan was no longer following, Sarah stopped, turned around, and walked slowly back towards her. Watching her grind her little panty clad pussy against her fingers, Sarah noticed she was panting harder than ever, and looking rather flushed in the cheeks. As Megan pressed and prodded at her womanly lips, she didn't know what she wanted to happen first; a long hard wee, or a long hard orgasm. It seemed that both were on the horizon, and approaching her like a speeding bullet train. But she wouldn't be allowed to come, she knew that already...

Taking hold of both of her wrists, Sarah gently coaxed Megan's hands out from between her thighs. Instantly moaning in protest, Megan curtseyed and squirmed, knotting her legs together to try and reapply pressure where she so desperately needed it.

“Do you remember the new rule sweetie?” Sarah enquired with a little smile. "No holding yourself remember, only I'm allowed to do that."

As Megan writhed and twisted like a squirmy little worm, it was all she could do to remember her own name at this stage. The thought of finally having a pee was all consuming, and her mind was unable to entertain any other thought. Sarah said no more, but stepped in closer and pressed her body up against Megan’s.

“I need a wee so badly … ohhhh ... please help me hold it ... please,” was the only thing Megan could say before returning to a chorus of moans and gasps.

Glancing around to make sure they were alone in the corridor, Sarah moved her hands to either side of Megan’s hips, and held her tenderly. From here she could clearly smell the fragrant pee that Megan had leaked into her underwear; there was no mistaking it, and it was more erotic than the most expensive and extravagant of perfumes. As Megan wriggled and writhed in front of her, Sarah gently lifted the front of Megan's floral dress to reveal her lacy cotton knickers. A little shocked by the way her bladder bulged out in front of her, Sarah ran a finger gently over the mound and admired her pretty panties, their tight waistband looking as if it was applying unwelcome pressure to her bladder, and the wet material clinging to her beautiful body in other places.

Megan suddenly grimaced, a longer jet of urine spraying from her privates and hissing noisily into the cotton beneath. In one swift movement, Sarah's hand moved down and began to press against Megan's gushing pee hole, massaging her firmly through the delicate cotton. She felt the hot wee squirt onto her hand, then dribble through her fingers and drip to the floor. As the stream briefly halted again, Sarah leaned in and kissed her passionately, feeling her shudder and tremble all the while. At the same time, she worked her now wet hand down the waistband of Megan's knickers, and began to caress her smooth bare flesh, feeling her hot moist lips under her fingers.

Not pausing to even consider the fact that anyone could walk around the corner and catch them at any second, Megan could do nothing but relent to Sarah's will. With her bladder throbbing, about to explode its pressurised contents out through the little opening between her legs, a sudden contraction of pleasure pulsed through her body as Sarah stroked and massaged her.

Clenching every muscle, desperate to wee, desperate to come, Megan still resisted both for several long moments until the decision was finally taken out of the hands of her conscious mind. Squirting forcefully once, twice, then rapidly again and again, Megan could control her bodily functions no longer. With her legs wobbling as the urge overwhelmed her broken body, a gentle hiss rapidly grew into a loud sizzling torrent that erupted from her, liquid spewing from her insides, out over her lover's probing fingers and cascading directly to the ground below.

As hot aromatic pee began to blast into her hand, Sarah slid her middle finger up between Megan's already parted lips. Finding her squirting urethra a short way behind the bump of her firm love button, she pressed directly and firmly up onto it, obstructing the exit and forcing the powerful jet to come to an abrupt stop. As Megan moaned loudly in protest, her bladder contracted hard, desperate to force its contents out of her one way or another.

At that moment the pressure from within felt excruciatingly and achingly orgasmic, and the pain was now mingling and merging with feelings of mounting pleasure. Sarah's other hand lovingly stroked and caressed her hair as they continued to kiss and embrace, while at the same time she began to manipulate and play with her sex, all the while maintaining the upward pressure on Megan's urethra. Feeling her lover squirm around against her fingers, Sarah playfully released her hold for a second and allowed Megan's wee to flow. A brief but forceful spurt instantly sprayed out at Sarah's will and ran like a river down the insides of Megan's legs, trickling into her shoes and adding to a puddle that was already forming on the carpeted floor.

"That's enough for now," Sarah whispered as she moved her finger back to block the flow.

Being toyed with in such a way was driving Megan to the brink of ecstasy, but still she tried valiantly to prevent the ever-intensifying feelings from becoming a full blown orgasm. The sheer effort and determination to hold back her pee for as long as she was physically and mentally able meant she was sweating profusely, and her whole body felt moist. Her face burned brightly, and a droplet of sweat trickled down her cheek as she shivered and trembled. Just a few seconds later, as Sarah teased and played with her slowly and expertly, once again conscious decisions meant nothing and her body decided something on her behalf. As her PC muscles began to contract, tighter and tighter, building up to the first wave of an earth shattering orgasm, Megan knew there was no way of stopping it now.

With it building to greater and greater heights, Megan's knees finally gave way and her legs turned to jelly. Her body screamed as the crushing contraction felt as if it was tearing her bursting bladder apart, and she squealed loudly in ecstasy and delight. Pinned tightly between the wall behind her and Sarah's supporting embrace in front, Megan didn't fall; instead, she wrapped her arms securely around her lover and clung on for dear life.

"I can't… I can't stop it," Megan breathed, "I'm going to come, and I've got to pee... pleeeease let me."

Just as the all-consuming contraction reached its crescendo, an orgasmic spasm pulsed through her body and exploded upwards through her abdomen. Sarah knew the moment had arrived, and finally she eased up the pressure on Megan's pee hole, but kept her hand right there inside her panties as she lost all control. Urine was immediately propelled from her insides, gushing out uncontrollably from between her lips just as the first wave of orgasm began to take hold. Convulsing and trembling in time to her contractions, and grinding her privates against Sarah's exploring fingers, her pee continued to hiss loudly as it jetted from her. Splashing over Sarah's hand, it then cascaded through and around the thin fabric of her knickers before making a rapid descent to the ground. Some stray bits of it snaked down her legs like little streams flowing from the river's main source, and the rest just poured straight down between them.

An overwhelming sense of euphoric relief washed over her body and soul as her bladder contracted hard, and her already strong stream became an even stronger torrential waterfall of urine, the hissing now almost deafening to both girls' ears. As her bladder pushed and squeezed the pee out of her as rapidly as possible, she was utterly powerless to prevent it even if she had wanted to now. Nothing mattered in that instant except the intensity of the feelings enveloping her body, not even the very public nature of her accident. As the relief of a desperately needed wee intensified, she shuddered and lurched her body in time to the pulsating contractions of her womanhood.

Coming and going with more intensity than ever before, she leaned all of her weight into Sarah, fearing the powerful waves of ecstasy may at any moment cause her to black out. As if in slow motion, and with stars dancing around in front of her eyes, her body was rocked by the earthquake taking place in her nether regions. Sarah held her tightly, feeling her body shudder and convulse, until finally the intensity began to fade. After what felt like the longest and most arduous climax in all her 27 years of life, the relief she had been craving for such a long time was hers in totality. As the stream waned and her contractions slowly weakened and then came to an end, she simply stood there like a helpless little girl, ashamed and embarrassed, yet still ecstatic nonetheless.

Content for a moment to take comfort from her lover, she clung to Sarah for a long while, until finally reality came flooding back to her. They were still there in the hallway, and at any moment someone could catch them. She looked down in horror at the puddle still spreading beneath her feet, and let out an involuntary little sob.

Erica is really going to hate me, she thought. Cleaning up a puddle of wee once in a weekend is enough, but twice, OMG. She blushed brightly at the thought of the little housemaid seeing her in the same situation once again.

With Sarah's help and support, Megan gradually regained a little strength in her legs and then finally was able to stand mostly on her own, although she was still leaning against the wall just a bit.

"Wait here darling, I'll go and fetch someone to clean up the mess," Sarah said as she withdrew her hand from Megan's knickers, and tenderly smoothed down the front of her dress for her. Somehow the fabric of it had remained virtually dry throughout the flood, only showing just a few tiny splashes that would shortly fade and disappear on their own. Unable to resist, Sarah took a quick lick of her fingers before dashing off down the corridor.

"Wait, don't leave me here..." Megan pleaded, but her words came too late.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

