Desperation in the car (Male)

Author: Sayuri Hanatame

*000*2011-07-16 08:42

This is my first time attempting an omorashi story, I hope I've done well ;; I'm nervous about writing this sort of thing, so it's a bit short. Maybe I'll write a longer one when I get more comfortable about it.

Sorry to those of you who prefer female desperation, this happens to be male. I'm not too sure which I prefer myself, I just know it's much harder (at least for me) to find male desperation (especially photos).

++++

Nathan sat in the backseat of the car, his thighs squeezed tightly together as he fought off the ever-present and overwhelming urge to pee. He and his family were on their way back from a vacation, and Nathan had been forced to hold it in for almost an hour, and he was now almost to the point of wetting himself. He tried not to show signs of desperation, as he knew his parents wouldn't stop anywhere for him to go anyway. He pressed his thighs tighter together, slight perspiration forming on his brow. He had to go so bad it was unbearable; he couldn't remember a time when he'd been this desperate. Placing a tentative hand against his stomach, Nathan felt that his bladder was rock hard in his abdomen, and the slightest amount of pressure would very nearly be too much for him in his already dire situation.

He rocked back and forth in his seat a bit, exhaling softly. God I have to pee...mmmmh! It hurts, it hurts so bad...oh god, I don't think I can hold it until we get home, I'm almost wetting myself right now...

He could feel himself getting a hard-on, and he shifted uncomfortably in his seat trying to make sure it wasn't visible. He squeezed his thighs as tightly together as humanly possible, but it didn't do much to help his predicament. He found himself thinking how good it would feel to finally be able to release all of the pent-up urine inside of him... He almost let a spurt go at the thought, and he instinctively reached down to grab his crotch as he thought he was about to have a small accident. His pants felt damp, and he squeezed his crotch a bit harder, trying to keep the pee inside of him.

Thirty minutes later, Nathan was more desperate than ever, bouncing slightly in his seat and pressing his hands firmly between his thighs. His penis was now fully hard inside of his pants, and he longed to be able to stroke himself, to relieve himself of both the hard-on and the unbearable need to urinate. He had to hold himself even harder as this thought passed, and to his horror a small spurt escaped into his underwear.

“Mmm! M-mom, dad, c-can we please pull over somewhere? I really have to go to the bathroom,” he almost whimpered.

His mom looked back at him disapprovingly. “It's not that much farther until home, Nathan. You're a grown boy, I think you can hold it until then.” And she turned back around in her seat.

Nathan looked at her in horror. He most certainly could not hold it that long. He was going to end up having an accident, right there in the back seat.

He moaned softly and leaned forward, sweating from the sheer effort of trying not to wet himself. His bladder couldn't hold anymore, it was almost coming out...

Oh god, oh god, oh god, I'm going to wet myself... I can't hold it, I can't, oh god, it's coming, it's coming, oh, oh no, no no, oh god...

Nathan tried everything in his power, but could not prevent a small stream of pee from trickling into his boxers and down his thigh.

Oh god, no... no, I can't be wetting myself, no...

But he knew how good it would feel, the sheer relief that he would get from letting the pee flood his pants.

A moment later he could feel another stream of pee, larger this time, and he winced as it went down his thigh after the other one. His hands were jammed between his legs, and he was curling his body up around them, squeezing his hardened penis in hopes that he could prevent any more urine from escaping.

However he knew it was a futile effort, and just moments later he could feel a torrent of urine come gushing out, filling his pants and spreading out over the seat. He could hear the soft hissing sound, and the pitpat sounds of droplets of pee falling over the edge of the seat and landing in the floor. Giving in to the inevitable, he let go of his crotch and gave a contented sigh, leaning his head back as more pee came out, running down his thighs and staining his pants.

