Choose Wisely: The Labryinth. My new omorashi story!

Author: kyrieelleison14

*010*2014-03-06 21:37

Ok, so there has been a long delay on the next chapter, the good news is it's extra long since it's featuring three girls! So here it is enjoy!

Chapter 3: The Saga of Nikki, Michelle and Natalie

“I’m dead…I have to be” was the first thought to float through Natalie’s head when she regained consciousness. It felt like what she expected death to be like, she was supported by light, soft, stuff and it was pleasantly warm. As the fuzziness that filled her head slowly faded, she flexed her fingers and shifted what felt like soft sand between her fingers. She sat up, and shook her head before looking around. She was alive apparently, and was sitting on a thick layer of ashes. Standing up, she brushed the loose ash off of her arms and legs and butt, and shook it out of her hair.

“Where am I” she said to herself, wishing it wasn’t the first time today she had said that. Nikki was lying, face-down in the ashes nearby but wasn’t moving, and Michelle was on her hands and knees coughing and shaking her head. Natalie looked around and saw that they were in a chamber similar to the one they had all fallen from, except that the ground that wasn’t covered by ash was glowing slightly and radiating heat.

“Are we inside a volcano” Michelle said between coughs. “I’ve never seen, or inhaled so much ash before” she stood up and walked over to Nikki and began shaking her awake

“I don’t know, but I want out of here, we survived one fall to our deaths, and that’s one fall too many” Natalie said walking over to the two, Nikki was stirring but wasn’t getting up.

“Nikki, are you hurt, get up if you aren’t” Michelle said shaking her shoulder, Nikki’s hand weakly moved to it and waved it away. “Five more minutes…” was what Natalie and Michelle were able to hear through the blanket of ash.

They both looked at each other and nodded, Natalie on one end and Michelle on the other they both reached down and grabbed Nikki by her arms and lifted her up.

“You guys suck you know that, it was a joke” Nikki said irritably, holding her head and wincing, there was a small trickle of blood coming from a cut just above her eyebrow, but she was otherwise fine.

“Lemme see that” Michelle said to her, and she pulled out a tissue from a small pocket on her skirt and began dabbing at the cut “Did you hit your head hard on something” she asked Nikki.

“This was from when I feel I think, scraped my head on a rock, I don’t think I have a concussion or anything like that, it just stings” Nikki said taking the tissue from Michelle and holding it to her wound.

Natalie left them where they were and began walking around the cavern, it was very quiet, there was enough light for them to see, and yet it seemed the cavern wasn’t that large. She began walking along the wall of the cavern looking for a way forward, and as she walked she felt a tingling in her crotch that reminded her of the predicament she had before they fell; she had to pee still. She hastened her pace around the perimeter of the cavern, and as she passed a jagged cliff that appeared to be falling away she saw a sign staked into the ground in front of a jagged part of the wall with a long dark tunnel set into it. She peered into the darkness but couldn’t see much, so she turned to the sign and read it, the writing was faded but it had been etched into the sign so it was still readable, “Beyond one path there is light, but danger, and another is darkness, but safety. Both will lead you outside, but escape is never guaranteed, who do you put your faith in, blind trust or deception?”

Natalie frowned as she read the sign, which was incredibly unhelpful as there was only one path. She kept moving, figuring that maybe she was wrong and there would be a second way out of here, this whole place seemed hell bent on them making choices. She felt a twinge in her bladder again and she massaged her abdomen with her hand to ease the pressure, she loved the shorts she was wearing as they were perfect beach clothing, but they were a little tight on her, especially at the belt. As she was about to finish her circle she saw it, a faint glowing coming from the wall, and as she ran over to it she saw another path, it was rough and uneven but it was lit by torches.

“Guys, get over here I found two ways out” Natalie called back at Michelle and Nikki

“Do they look safe” Michelle asked as they ran over.

“This one’s light, the other is pitch black” Natalie said, and when she said it out loud that sign made more sense. “I also found a sign, it said some weird thing about two paths, and I think it was talking about these two, it said the dark one would be safe, the light one dangerous”.

Nikki looked unconvinced, “Sign or not, the dark path would be hard to walk through, we could walk right off a cliff and wouldn’t realize it, I think we should take the risk and take the light one, at least we can see danger coming”.

“Honestly, I agree, I’ve had enough with danger but I’d rather have my sight” Michelle said, Natalie looked nervous but she finally agreed to go too.

“At the very least we’ll get through the light path faster right” Natalie said as they clambered past the jagged rocks and uneven wall and started down the path.

Nikki and Michelle lead, with Natalie taking the rear since the path was too small for them to walk side by side. Natalie would occasionally take glances behind them to make sure they weren’t being followed or blocked, but there was nothing but the torches glowing faintly in the distance.

“How come torches never seem to go out” Nikki seemed to think out “I mean, when’s the last time someone was down here, shouldn’t they have burnt out by now”.

Michelle laughed, “I guess we’ll never know” she said

“Also, what happened to Laura and Anna?” she continued, “Anna made it to the other side but what about Laura”.

Natalie and Michelle looked at each other “Umm, well after you fell she kind of um…panicked” Natalie began, and Michelle finished “and she forgot about her bladder I suppose, and sort of peed herself, then she just went poof in a cloud of smoke, and she was gone”.

Nikki looked skeptical, “She wet her pants, and poofed, that’s what you’re saying” she said

“Ummm, yeah basically” Natalie said, realizing how crazy it seemed as she said it.

“Well, if we don’t find an exit soon, I’m gonna pee myself and see where I end up, my bladder feels like a melon right now” Nikki said matter-of-factly.

Michelle and Natalie laughed, but both of them felt the same way, Michelle was walking with her legs pressed together in an effort to help keep herself from holding her crotch, and when Michelle and Nikki were looking ahead Natalie had a hand jammed between her legs to keep herself from leaking anything. Whatever mysterious force it was, their need to pee grew as they walked, and it seemed to grow worse in certain hallways.

They clambered over a fallen pillar, landing on tiled floors that reminded them eerily of the hallway with the moving wall.

“Uh oh, not this shit again, watch where you step” Michelle said sliding her feet outward testing each tile to see if it shifted at all.

“Has anyone been able to figure out exactly where we are or why we’re here” Natalie said as they walked carefully down the hallway, trying to take her mind off of her bladder.

“I don’t, and honestly I almost want to find out more than I want to escape” Michelle replied “I hate this, walking down a possibly booby-trapped hallway and we have no idea if this will even get us outside”.

“Let’s just hope we don’t meet anything else” Nikki said “First things first though I wanna find a place to pee”.

Michelle and Natalie nodded and kept walking. However, Michelle stepped on a tile, checking to see if it held her weight, and to everyone’s shock the tile sank and clicked. They all froze, looking around carefully for some reaction to this. It was quiet except for a dull clinking noise.

“I don’t like the sound of that at all” Nikki said. “I’m not sticking around for whatever’s coming again” she continued, and she broke into a run down the hall.

“Nikki, stop that, please stay with us” Natalie yelled, but the clinking was getting louder and closer, so Michelle and Natalie ran after her.

As they ran, they began to feel liquid hitting them, like a fine mist. “Do you guys feel that” Michelle said as they ran, wiping her face.

“Yeah, is it fog or something” Nikki said ahead of them.

The mist was getting thicker, and as it did they were able to see that the mist was coming out of the ceiling from vents.

The mist had a blue tint to it and it sank to the ground to about the level they were running.

“It doesn’t hurt to breathe it” Nikki said, but she had her hand over her mouth just in case.

“Keep running, get away from this mist, I don’t like it one bit” Natalie yelled, but the mist was getting thicker and it was getting harder for them to see each other.

“Guys, where are you” Natalie yelled at the mist, but no response came back.

Natalie bit her lip and kept running, but with every step it seemed as though her bladder was filling. It was even worse than before, like someone was pouring water directly into her bladder. She pushed her hand into the fabric of her shorts, hoping beyond hope she could find the other two, that they were just ahead of her. As she did though, she was surprised to feel herself become stimulated by the seemingly harmless touch. She flushed slightly, feeling herself get slightly aroused, and it remained rather stationary rather than fading away. She shook her head, and tried to think about finding Michelle and Nikki.

Thankfully, it wasn’t before long she heard Michelle’s voice again, however it seemed to be screaming in distress. “Someone get me down damnit, what the hell is this?”

“I’m here Michelle, where are you” Natalie said, slowing to a jog partially to look for Michelle and partially for her bladder’s sake, why was it filling so rapidly.

She heard screaming from nearly right above her, and she looked up and jumped in surprise, Michelle was suspended from the ceiling by one of her legs, with a chain dangling her upside down; her skirt had flipped up and was revealing her black panties she had on underneath, and she was trying to both get herself free and cover her exposed underwear.

“Michelle, what the hell happened” Natalie said looking up at her.

“I don’t know, I was running and then I tripped something and this whipped around and caught my ankle and here I am, I don’t know if it’s the angle either but I feel like I’m about to burst” Michelle said while wincing, she was still trying to cover herself up, but the swinging of the chain was making it difficult.

“It’s not just you, I don’t know why but I think it’s the mist or something, I need to go so badly” Natalie said doing a small pee dance, talking about it was making it worse.

“Just please get me down from here, I think I might know what this mist is if it’s making us need to pee this badly” Michelle pleaded.

Natalie looked at the chain; it was suspending Michelle high enough off the ground that Natalie would barely be able to brush her hands if she jumped up to her and the walls were too smooth to try to climb.

“Where’s Nikki, I need her to help get you down” Natalie said looking ahead of her through the mist

“If you need to find her I’ll need to try to get down myself, and you should leave me and get out of here, this isn’t ordinary mist Natalie, my flat mate works with this stuff in her lab, and I don’t know how safe it is to breathe” Michelle said very quickly, she had given up trying to keep her skirt from flipping up and was trying to pull herself upwards.

“What the hell is it then?” Natalie said covering her mouth with her hand “Poison gas or what?”

“No, it’s this weird crystal stuff a bunch of archeologists found on a dig a few years ago, they’ve been calling it Omorium, and it’s a huge aphrodisiac, problem is it’s an even more powerful diuretic, my flat mate told me they wear hazmat suits and everything when they work with it, and they still have to have a bathroom right outside just in case” Michelle explained, punctuated by grunts of her trying to pull herself into a somewhat upright position with little success

“What’s it doing here then, never mind look it doesn’t matter what it is, you need help, now let me try to find Nikki so we can get you down, I’ll find her super quick I promise Michelle” Natalie said, and she turned and started running through the mist.

Meanwhile, Nikki was only slightly ahead of them, she had kept running, but when both of her friends’ voices had disappeared she had stopped and doubled back, but she was now walking through the blue mist, trying to find where they had gone. The mist was thicker than before, and what was worse, with every breath of it she took it felt like her bladder was swelling with pee.

“Natalie, Michelle, where are you” she called, pressing her legs together and rubbing her thighs with her hands to help her need to pee.

It did little to reduce her urge to go, but had a more pronounced effect she hadn’t expected; she felt a wave of pleasure course through her like an electric jolt, and she felt a moistening in her crotch that was definitely not urine.

“What the hell is this” she thought to herself, trying to shake it off and keep moving, but it kept getting worse, the more she walked the more she had to pee and the more she wanted to touch herself. She stopped walking and leaned against the wall, trying to get a hold of herself.

She felt her heart pounding, her legs were starting to shake from the stress of her bladder and her unknown stimulation, and it was all she could do to not empty her bladder right there.

But then she heard a voice calling her name, and she snapped out of it enough to call back “Natalie, is that you?” she yelled, and sure enough Natalie came running towards her out of the mist.

“Nikki, thank god, I need your help, Michelle’s hanging upside down and I can’t get her down…are you alright” Natalie said, realizing that Nikki was leaning against the wall holding her crotch

“Yeah….um, I think so, let’s just go and help Michelle” Nikki said hurriedly, trying to focus on something else.

Natalie nodded and they both ran back towards Michelle, Nikki trying to run without holding herself or making her predicament any worse, but it seemed to grow independent of her own will. It wouldn’t be long before she would be reduced to either pleasuring herself or wetting herself.

When they reached Michelle, it appeared that she wasn’t in a much better situation, she was swinging slightly from the rope that bound her leg, and both hands were pressed against the crotch of her exposed black panties, and her eyes were closed in frustration.

“Michelle, how are you holding up” Nikki called to her as they got nearer to her.

“Bad, very bad, please get me down, I’m about to explode, I can’t get away from this mist.” Michelle answered through gritted teeth, unbeknownst to Natalie and Nikki, Michelle had been unable to right herself, and the pressure had caused her to leak small spurts into her panties.

Natalie grimaced, she wasn’t faring much better, she had been hiding it better since finding Nikki, but her bladder was aching from being so swollen, and the tightness of her shorts were making it worse.

“Right, Nikki can you boost me up so I can reach Michelle?” Natalie asked Nikki, who nodded but bit her lip, the tingling had not yet subsided, and she wasn’t sure how well she could stand.

Still, she stood under Michelle and braced, giving Natalie the opportunity to climb onto her shoulders, together Natalie was able to reach Michelle’s bound ankle.

“Okay, just a second Michelle we’ll have you out of here in no time” Natalie said, but while she was able to resist the majority of the stimulation the mist was inflicting, Nikki was not, and her legs were weakening as she felt an intense ache in her bladder, and the urge to touch herself became worse than she could ever remember.

“No, please, not here” Nikki thought to herself, staggered slightly as her knees sank slightly.

“Nikki what the hell, hold still” Natalie said, but it was more than Nikki could bear “Natalie, get off please I’m begging you, get off right now” she pleaded with her lowering herself to the ground.

Natalie had no choice, she almost fell right off of Nikki and she was lowered to the ground. Michelle was still swinging, her eyes were open now and she looked more upset than angry.

“Guys, what the hell, please I’m gonna lose it” she said, but Nikki was on all fours, trying to resist the ache that was begging for her to touch herself.

“Nikki, get a hold of yourself, please for Michelle’s sake” Natalie said trying to get her up.

Nikki couldn’t resist anymore, the mist had beaten her resolve, and without any care her fingers were stroking the now damp fabric of her shorts, she moaned in ecstasy at the waves of pleasure coursing through her, and despite Natalie’s look of pure horror, she continued to pleasure herself, ignoring the throbbing of her bladder.

Above them, Michelle’s battle was nearly at an end, without help getting down, she was doomed to pee herself. She pleaded with Nikki and Natalie, begging them to help her, as she felt the slow, gradual trickle of pee leak into her panties. She pressed into her crotch with both hands, trying to stem the flow, but her being upside down seemed to make it more difficult to hold it. What was worse, she felt the same ache in her panties that Nikki had succumbed to, and she knew that it was the strange mist that had done them in. She pressed her knees together as best she could, as another wave of pressure swept over her, and she felt another trickle of pee seep out of her, and she watched the trickle of urine flow across the crotch of her panties and dampen her skirt.

“Guys, I’m sorry, but it’s over, I can’t hold it anymore” she gasped to the girls below her, not knowing if they could hear her. She gritted her teeth, whimpered slightly, and felt her bladder muscles relax.

The stream burst forth, splashing as it hit the cotton of her panties, and spurting outward. She peed forcefully, and once the fabric of her panties had soaked up as much pee as it could it began to flow downward, trickling across her crotch and soaking her skirt as it hung uselessly around her waist. She closed her eyes and felt the pee shooting out of her, flowing into her skirt and trickling along her stomach downward towards her head. She gasped but realized there was nothing she could do, she felt her blouse become wet with her pee as it followed gravity, and heard it patter to the floor as it dripped off of her.

Natalie could only watch in horror as everything went wrong, Nikki was on the floor masturbating and beyond all consolation, and Michelle was above her peeing on herself, looking as though the world had ended right there.

“Please don’t watch” Michelle said sadly, she was still peeing and it seemed to show no signs of stopping.

“I’m so sorry Michelle, I tried” Natalie said, placing a hand in her crotch, the sight of Michelle peeing was almost more than she could bear.

“It’s…it’s fine” Michelle said as the last few trickles of pee emptied into her panties, she was soaked completely, she had not only wet herself but she had peed on herself, and all she wanted to do was give in as Nikki did and touch herself. “This mist is too much” she said finally.

“Is that why Nikki’s like this” Natalie said, dancing slightly as the pressure built up even further.

“Yeah, it does that to some people, other’s just lose control of their bladder like myself” Michelle answered “Can you please just get me-POOF”.

Just as Laura had done in the cavern before, Michelle had wet herself and then promptly disappeared in a puff of smoke and a pop. Natalie jumped in surprise and almost lost control of her bladder again, but she kept her composure with difficulty.

Nikki was paying no attention to the fact that Michelle was gone, the only thought crossing her mind was the pleasure she was feeling as she touched herself. In the back of her head there was almost a voice, something telling her that there were bigger concerns, but her head was a haze and she couldn’t seem to open her eyes.

Natalie was above her now, trying to bring her back to Earth “Nikki, please get a hold of yourself, don’t you still need to pee too” she said, squeezing her legs together, her voice was slowly losing its calm demeanor.

Nikki’s response was a long moan as she continued to touch herself through the fabric of her shorts; there was a visible damp spot from where she had been rubbing, and a slight wet noise was audible as she stroked. Every breath of the strange mist sent her head reeling, and she felt like no matter how desperately she touched herself she would never alleviate her arousal.

Natalie could only watch as Nikki lay on the floor and masturbated lustily. She didn’t know what to do, Michelle was gone, Nikki was incapacitated and she was even more afraid of losing control of her bladder for fear of disappearing as well. She tried to get a hold of herself and look for some way to get out of the mist, but they were trapped in a sea of blue haze, and even though she wasn’t as bad as Nikki, the mist was making her want to give up and join Nikki on the floor. She leaned against the wall and put both hands in her crotch, squeezing the fabric against herself in an effort to ease the throbbing pain that was now accompanying the pressure. She could hear Nikki moaning in pleasure behind her “Nikki….please get up…I can’t leave you, and I need to go so bad, I don’t wanna lose it here and I hope neither do you” She said, losing her usual calm voice completely and begging.

Nikki heard her, as though from far away, and for a moment her thoughts became words again, rather than raw lust, “Why am I so horny, didn’t I need to pee before, was that Natalie” they seemed to float into her brain and back out like an echo. She felt a different tingling in her crotch area, independent of her pleasure, a pressure that she slowly realized was her bladder forcing itself through her haze, “My bladder’s so full…I just wanna let it go, what does it matter” She thought to herself, she felt the soaked fabric of her shorts between her fingers and added “what’s a little more wetness going to do”.

Natalie had left the wall and was kneeling over Nikki again, shaking her arm “Nikki, come on please, I can barely move, I’m gonna have to leave you” she said, but as she was about to get up to abandon her, she saw a smile spread across Nikki’s face, and she saw that between Nikki’s fingers there was a new wetness.

Nikki felt her bladder muscles relax, and felt hot pee spread into her panties and shorts, the pee flowing over her occupied fingers and onto the floor. Natalie watched as Nikki flooded her shorts with pee, the stain starting at her fingers and spreading along her legs and creeping along up her backside. Natalie watched for a few moments wondering what would happen to Nikki after her accident before she realized the sound of pee splattering onto the floor and the sight of Nikki peeing herself was about to set her over the edge.

She went down onto her knees and bent over, both hands in her crotch as she felt the pressure build up, and a trickle of pee escaped her and settled in the crotch of her purple bikini bottom. She gasped and moaned slightly, this was too much, and she had lasted longer than the others but was still doomed to the same fate of peeing herself and disappearing if she didn’t find a place to pee. Nikki was still peeing, and in her mind the warmth of her now pee soaked shorts was putting her finally over the edge, and she felt her orgasm finally come on with a wave of pleasure that made her back arch, still peeing forcefully into her shorts.

“Damnit, I’m not gonna lose it here, not now” Natalie said to herself, trying to stand up. She put one leg out, and felt another drop of pee leak into her bikini. She got her next foot up under her and pushed up to a leaning position, and felt a trickle escape her, and she saw that the crotch of her denim shorts were now visibly damp. She reached for the belt of her shorts, squeezing her thighs together in a vain attempt to hold everything back. “I’m gonna just pee on the floor, just gotta get these off” she said through gritted teeth, and while fumbling with her belt she felt small dribbles leaking out of her, flowing down the inside of her thigh and trickling into her sneakers.

Finally, the belt was loose, with minimal damage to her shorts, but now was the hard part; the button. She tried to undo it, but the pressure increase made her squeeze out another trickle of pee, and this one required more effort to stop. By the time she had squeezed her legs tightly together and pressed her hand into her crotch and stopped the flow, she had a damp patch on her crotch that was starting to spread outward, and her bikini felt loose and wet against her crotch. She realized it wasn’t going to come off without her soaking herself, and realized whoever had put them all there had won; they all had or were about to wet themselves. She didn’t know what was next, but there was nothing for it. She glanced at Nikki, who had finally stopped pleasuring herself and was lying on the ground panting surrounded by a pool of pee with a satisfied look of relief on her face.

That was all Natalie needed, and she felt her bladder muscles finally relax, and instantly the pee that was held up only by her fragile bladder muscles burst out of her. The denim of her shorts became soaked almost immediately as the stain spread outward and down, soaking every inch of fabric it could reach, and she felt it trickling down her legs and settling in her shoes and on the ground. The relief was more than she could bear, and she fell to her knees again as she felt the wetness spread all over her crotch and backside, her bikini was holding the pee in and it was sticking to her warmly, like a wet glove. She wanted to touch herself again, and she wasn’t sure if it was the strange mist this time. Finally after what seemed like an eternity of relief, she felt her waterfall of pee slow to a trickle, and finally she had fully emptied the contents of her bladder into her shorts.

She looked over at Nikki, but she was gone, there were a few wisps of smoke around where she had been, and the puddle was still glistening on the ground where she had been. Natalie knew that soon she would be whisked away by whatever force did this to them. She just knelt there, breathing heavily as the wet fabric turned slowly colder and colder.

“Whoever did this to us is sick, but that relief was almost worth it” she thought to herself, and she was about to stand up before she felt a tug at the back of her shorts, and felt herself being lifted up. She felt as though she were about to be wedgied but then tugging came from her arms and legs and back and everything began to fade to black. Her last thought before losing consciousness was the wetness around the crotch of her bikini, and knowing it wasn’t just from pee anymore…

*013*2014-03-10 04:53

Glad to see people were waiting for the update, I was hoping to make it a good one! I'll start working on the next chapter soon as well.

*016*2014-04-14 22:00

Now that I'm on spring break I'm going to try to get at least one more chapter posted, don't worry guys if you still want it I'll still write!

*018*2014-04-18 21:58

So, after a small hiatus for school, I'm back to writing again, and plan to have another chapter up soon, but in the meantime here's a little bonus story that takes place during chapter 2, the alternative option for Anna, as a WARNING it has some mild tentacle type material, though they won't do anything really harmful to Anna.Enjoy!

Chapter 2 Bonus: Anna’s Journey Choice B

Now this is a world of choices, decisions to be made that affect the outcome of these girls in more than one way. So, let us look at some of the possibilities, those that were not, but could have been, for some choices are not presented a second time…..

“Where am I now” Anna said quietly, having reached the bottom of the stairs, and she saw before her two different paths, one that looked like a forest trail; dirty and with grasses growing at the edges and another that looked more like the rocky stone bridge she had just left.

“What’s with this place and choices” she said to herself, this was the second time there was a choice of paths, and she didn’t like the consequences of the path they had originally taken, back when they were still a they. She had another choice to make, forest or stone?

“Well, plant life means that usually there's some form of sunlight for them to grow, maybe that means its closer to outside” She thought to herself, staring down the forest trail.

“Plus, I’ve always liked the wilderness, and I’m just about done with stone chasms” she thought, convincing herself of her choice; the forest path.

She set off taking the forest path, the soft dirt squishing quietly as she stepped onto the path. Gradually, the walls of this path changed from cracked bricks and mortar into earth and tree roots, becoming more of a natural cave than a man-made tunnel. Mushrooms adorned the rough wall, and they gave off a faint glow that reminded her of the glowing stone panels from the previous tunnels. She touched one, and it twitched and puffed a small amount of spores into the air.

She kept moving, looking around at the walls and the ceiling, watching for anything out of the ordinary, and as she walked she noticed that the tunnel was widening, and the ceiling was rising as well. The tunnel was beginning to enlarge, which made her hopeful that it would eventually open to fresh air and sunlight. However, all that happened was that as the ceiling rose, so too did the plant life around her; the small grasses as shrubs that were on either side of the path turned to small trees and thick vines and ivy, which stretched across the ceiling until it formed a thick canopy above.

“This place would be amazing to explore if not for the fact that someone put me here” she thought to herself. She tripped over a tree root and when she caught herself she felt the urge she had been ignoring; she still needed to pee, and it was getting pretty bad now.

She bit her lip and hastened her pace, looking down now to check for any more tree roots or shrubs, and put a hand gently between her legs to help with the growing pressure. The deeper she walked, the more thickly the vines covered the ceiling, and some hung down low enough that she had to brush them out of her face, but even after she was well past them they seemed to still be swinging, but there was no wind. Some of them were growing across the floor as well, and the walls, whatever they were they were very hardy to have spread this far.

“Maybe I’ll come back here one day and snip some of these for my garden” she thought, somewhat optimistically, the thought of daylight and sunlight and freedom was making her hopeful, and she kept her pace at a light jog in hopes of not only escaping but finding a toilet as well.

Then she tripped, she didn’t see any root or vine, but she fell onto her hands and knees suddenly, and the jolt made her spurt a small amount of pee into her panties, dampening them slightly.

“What the hell was that” she said to herself, looking behind her, but there was nothing there, just dirt and grass. She had just gotten to her feet when something brushed against her leg, and she yelped and swung around, again, nothing but vegetation and dirt. She shivered slightly and walked backwards a bit, trying to see whatever was near her. Something smooth rubbed against her butt, and again she yelped and swung around, but it was just another vine hanging from the ceiling.

“Is….is anyone there” she called, and her voice echoed off of the walls, but no one answered. She felt a twinge in her bladder again, possibly from nerves, but the added pressure made her press her hand deeper into her crotch and she started moving again.

The vines were so thick here that they were making it hard to see down the hall since so many of them were hanging from the ceiling. Some were different colors; some were yellow, some green, and a few a deep red. She kept pushing them out of her way but there always seemed to be more, and she was still afraid of whatever was pursuing her.

Then one of the vines moved.

It moved like a snake, and the shock made her yell, but it darted out quickly and wrapped itself around her arm, just about at the elbow, and it pulled as though it had a mind of its own, towards the ceiling.

“L-let go of me” she yelled and she jerked her arm, but the vine continued pulling on her arm, dragging her arm towards the ceiling.

She pulled with both hands, and managed to wrench her arm free, and she broke into a run. She had barely taken a few steps when two more green vines grabbed her, one around the waist and the other around her leg, and she felt herself leave the ground. The pull on her waist made her bladder feel like an orange being juiced, and it was all she could do to keep herself from peeing her jeans right there, but she couldn’t focus on that now.

She kicked and flailed as more vines grabbed her around the arms and legs, and all she could think about was that stupid internet meme “I’ve seen enough hentai to know where this is going”.

She yelled and flailed, every time she got an arm free another vine would grab her, and it seemed like the different colors behaved differently; the green ones wrapped around her like a snake, the yellow ones pulled on her arms and legs, and the red ones hovered around her as though they were watching.

She had just about reached the ceiling, when the vines pulled outward, leaving her spread-eagle in a very vulnerable position, and it did no favors for her bladder, which for whatever reason seemed to be filling even more rapidly than before.

The red vines began to move toward her, she kicked out at one as best as she could but it just resumed wiggling its way towards her.

“Go away you creepy little things!” She yelled angrily, this was beyond what she could deal with, hanging from the ceiling by a bunch of intelligent plant-life, it was too ridiculous for words.

The vines slithered over her body, touching her butt and her breasts, and sliding up and down her thighs. She began to blush in spite of herself, the stimulation was not what she expected, and it was not completely appreciated. They poked inquisitively at her crotch and her butt, and she wiggled as best as she could, fearing for what they were planning for her.

To her surprise and horror, they began to shudder and slither, and they tickled her. She burst out laughing and thrashed violently, she hated being tickled! They slithered in and out of her shirt, tickling her stomach and her sides and under her arms. Her bladder was now in full alarm mode; her muscles were struggling trying to keep the seal on her bladder closed under this new duress. She jerked her arms, and when she got an arm free it went straight to her crotch, trying to keep her bladder in check, but she felt the pressure growing and several small spurts leaking into her panties again.

“Noooo! Stop it” she yelled, kicking out at the vines, but they only shuddered quicker. The tickling was unbearable, she felt with her free hand as spurt after spurt leaked into her panties that the crotch of her jeans were getting wet, and her fragile seal was breaking fast. Despite her efforts, the terrible tickling continued, and she realized what was about to happen if she didn’t find a way out of this. One of the vines had snuck its way back to her hand and pulled it away from her crotch, and for a brief moment she could see a small dark patch on her jeans before one of the quivering vines started tickling her right there. She screamed with laughter, despite her best efforts, and she felt as though her bladder was at its limit, spurt after spurt was leaking out of her, and she saw it dripping to the floor below.

“I’m not, I’m not gonna wet myself here” she thought, but it was far too late. Her strength was failing her, she was out of energy and that included her bladder. The warm wet fabric of her panties being rubbed into her privates was sending waves of pleasure through her, and she couldn’t stand it anymore, her aching bladder finally gave in. Through the pushing and tickling of the tentacles she felt the hot pee burst from her exhausted bladder, flooding into her panties and jeans. Due to her positioning, the pee spread from her crotch down and slithered across her butt before dripping to the floor below. She threw her head back in a mix of emotions both pleasurable and panicked as she peed forcefully into her jeans. The vines almost seemed to react to her explosion of fluid as there tickling subsided, and they simply held her in the air as she felt waves of relief wash over her.

“It...It felt so good” she thought to herself, the tickling had stopped and her bladder was emptying, and all she could feel was the warm, wet, relief. She wished she could have taken her jeans off, they must have been ruined, but she didn’t care, it made it better even. The vines gradually lowered her, until she was sitting on the ground where her puddle had dampened the earth, and the last few drops of pee emptied out of her into her panties.

She looked up and saw the vines had returned to their hanging position above, and it was only now that she saw a small sign staked into the ground near her, with hand-carved writing on it that said “Tickler Fig”.

“Of course it’s called that” she said, looking up at the vines. She was about to get up when the ground seemed to evaporate below her, as did the ceiling and the walls. She was floating in darkness, and she felt a pull on her abdomen as she was moved away, small droplets of pee trailing off of her, and her vision went blurry and she lost consciousness.

*022*2014-05-22 23:35

Ok, so summer's here for me and that means back to writing, I got a request for the girls teasing someone into wetting themselves, so I based this chapter around that, hope it was what you were looking for, and as always Enjoy!

Chapter 4: Together again!

“Why am I floating” was the first thought that came to Natalie’s brain as she slowly regained consciousness.

“And why am I wet” she thought as she felt the slight coolness surrounding her crotch and legs, but as more of her brain turned on she remembered what was happening. She felt the rush of memory come back to her, the hallway, the omorium mist, Nikki and Michelle, and the others.

She felt herself being pulled downward, and she tried to resist the force, but her muscles wouldn’t move and when she opened her eyes there was only blackness in every direction she could see.

She felt a sharp breeze move between her legs, it felt directed as though it was actively flowing up her damp legs and into her wet crotch, but she felt the moisture leaving the area, like steam boiling off a pot.

Suddenly, the wind was gone, and she felt her feet hit solid ground, and before she could brace herself she had landed on her hands and knees on cold, stone floor, in a dimly light room she recognized only barely.

She stood up, and almost instinctively touched the crotch of her shorts; they were almost dry, as though she hadn’t wet herself minutes before.

“Natalie, looks like you didn’t make it either” came a voice from behind her. She turned around sharply and smiled at the sight before her; all of the girls were there, she realized she was in the cavern they had all woken up in initially.

Laura was sitting on a large rock, speaking with Anna and pointing at the various exits to the maze; both of them were still wearing the cloths Natalie had last seen them in, but when they turned and saw her they both cheered at the sight of her and ran over.

“Oh thank god Natalie, I wasn’t sure if I’d ever see you again when you all fell” Anna said, seemingly on the verge of tears and hugging her around the middle.

Michelle and Nikki were nearby as well although Nikki looked like she had only recently woken up as well. Michelle was rousing her but she was the one who had spoken before.

“So we’re all back” Laura said slowly, trying to figure out what that meant. “Did you guys all just disappear and end up back here like me” she asked everyone.

“Well, I’m assuming we all did something in common, we all wet ourselves just before disappearing” Michelle said looking at everyone in turn.

Anna and Lauren both blushed at the thought, but nodded in answer. Nikki, who was now standing also nodded, but she was looking at the ground, and Natalie realized she must remember what else she was doing at the time she lost control.

“But why would we end up back here if we wet ourselves, and how” Laura said trying to make sense of it all.

“You were the first one to wet yourself, so you didn’t get to witness anything, you disappeared in a puff of smoke and were gone, the same thing happened to Michelle and Nikki, and I assume Anna as well” Natalie said calmly, she had no idea why or how, but that seemed to be the case with all of them.

“I guess, when I woke up I was alone here, and before long Anna just sort of showed up, like she had been there the whole time but I knew she hadn’t been, and then Michelle and Nikki and then you” Laura said as she started to pace slightly.

“What is with this horrible place, I just want out of here” Anna said with a whine, and Nikki nodded in agreement.

While they were pondering the how’s and why’s, Natalie felt a very familiar sensation spread over her, and she gasped slightly. “Does anyone else have to pee again” she blurted out.

They all looked at each and shifted slightly, it seemed that everyone was thinking the same thing; they had all just peed and already seemed to have to go again.

“I feel like I never even peed at all” Nikki said with a grimace.

Michelle’s eyes lit up for a moment “So we need to test this theory of peeing brings us back here right, well we all have to pee, someone’s going to have to pee themselves to see if it always brings us back here” she said with a slightly devilish smile on her face.

“No way, I couldn’t bring myself to do that again!” Laura said going even redder than before.

“Michelle, we don’t really need to do that do we?” Anna said looking concerned and putting a hand near the crotch of her jeans.

“It might be an idea, if we explore this place and get trapped or in danger we could always just pee ourselves and end up here” Natalie said, though her motivations were just as devious as Michelle’s; wetting herself had given seemed to turn on a light somewhere in her brain, and now the idea of seeing them all wet themselves was exciting her more than it should.

“Alright then, who has to pee the most, Laura or Anna you guys have been here the longest” Michelle said with an evil grin.

Anna went brick red and Laura backed away slowly, her hand went to her crotch “No way am I doing that, I told you it’s too embarrassing” she said looking visibly flustered.

Michelle looked at Nikki, and then to Natalie, who both nodded, Nikki grinned evilly, and Natalie gave Anna and Laura a concerned look, like they were being unreasonable “We might only have teleported back here once, like a grace period, we need to know if this will happen again and I don’t want to go wandering off into god knows what without knowing I can escape if I need to” she said, but that just made Anna and Laura back away even further towards one of the exits.

“Come on, just a little pee in your jeans and we’ll know for sure” Michelle said teasingly “We all need to pee so don’t take all day with it, just let go” she said as she moved towards them.

“No way, no way, never, if you guys want someone to pee just pee yourselves and leave me alone, creeps!” Laura yelled and turned and ran down the hallway, one hand pressed to her crotch.

“Laura wait we don’t know where you’re going, it could be dangerous!” Anna yelled. The group of girls all followed her down the hallway, and was able to still see her when they rounded the corner.

“Isn’t this the same hallway we went down first” Natalie said to the other girls, looking around at the familiar hallway “the one that led to the cavern?”

“Then she’ll have nowhere to go soon enough, and then we have her” Michelle said with a grin, which Natalie returned. Anna and Nikki looked at each other, shook their heads, and kept running, whatever Natalie and Michelle’s motivation was, they had to know what the strange rules of this place were before they tried to make an actual escape.

Before long they opened up to the same large cavern they had ended up in earlier, there was still smoke rising from where the bizarre machine had cascaded into the darkness below.

“Alright Laura it’s over, there’s nowhere to run now” Natalie called as Laura came to a halt at the edge of the path, both hands in her crotch.

“Please guys, I really don’t want to pee myself, just let me pee somewhere else” Laura begged, dancing around at the edge of the path as though she was considering jumping.

“Come on Laura, it’ll be nice and warm and it’ll be over in a minute” Natalie cooed as her and Michelle walked over to her to pull her away from the edge.

“Besides, we’re doing this to find out if it works, you can’t pee somewhere else, and then we won’t know” Michelle added.

She gave Laura’s arm a slight tickle, and Laura yelped and jumped away, both hands on her crotch “No no no, don’t do that, I’ll lose it” she said shaking her head and blushing, and Michelle grinned evilly.

“Oh you poor thing, you’ll lose it if I tickle you like this?” she said and began tickling Laura’s arm, Laura yelled and tried to pull away but Michelle held on tightly. Laura wriggled and kicked but Michelle held on. Natalie joined in as well, grasping Laura’s other arm and tickling her. Anna and Nikki simply watched as Laura wriggled and pressed her legs together, “Guys stop, I’m about to pee, please” she gasped. It didn’t take long for Laura, her bladder had already been screaming for release, and she had always been incredibly ticklish. “No, please I’m peeing, I’m peeing” she whimpered after only a few more seconds of tickling, and the other girls all looked at her crotch in unison.

The fabric of her jeans had once again begun to darken as pee began to pour into her pants; her pressed thighs were forcing the pee to flow outward along her legs rather than straight down, and her thrashing and wiggling was making splashes of pee fly outward and onto the stone floor. Natalie and Michelle let go of her, and she stood there leaning against a rock as she pumped warm pee into her jeans, filling her shoes and soaking her socks. “You…you guys suck so much” she said slowly, blushing and breathing heavily “But this is such a relief” she added.

Before long her river of pee had slowed to a trickle, and her jeans were dripping slightly as she stepped away from the puddle she had left to sink into the floor. She shivered slightly, and felt the crotch of her jeans, then slid her hand down the soaking denim over her legs.

“Alright, you guys got me to wet myself, now what” She said, Natalie and Michelle were both a little red from watching Laura pee, but Michelle answered “Now we wait to see if you end up back at the starting area” she said. So they stood there, seconds ticked by, and Laura was getting redder in the face ever second.

“If you guys made me pee my pants for nothing I swear, oh-“Laura began, but with a familiar poof and a puff of smoke she was gone. Anna and Natalie both jumped slightly, and Anna quivered a little since she had been hiding her own need to go since they started.

“So that’s it, she poofed, let’s go see if she’s back there” Anna said, wondering if she could lose them and pee somewhere behind a rock.

They started off again down the hallway, walking at a brisk pace because they were eager to see if Laura was back at the same place they all woke up in, and it gave Anna an excuse to trail behind a bit. She was having trouble walking with the sloshing of her bladder aching with every step, and with one hand pressed at her crotch she couldn’t quite take full steps.

“I’m gonna go on ahead, meet up with me guys” Nikki said, and she broke off into a run and was out of sight quickly, Natalie and Michelle called for her to wait, and then ran off to try to catch her, leaving Anna to herself.

She slowed to a stop and leaned against the wall, her legs shaking. She had never peed outside before, and was having some doubts about it.

“I could…maybe, I could just, let it go” she thought to herself and looked at her jeans, if Laura had done it maybe she could too.

She spread her legs slightly, took a deep breath, and relaxed her muscles. Within seconds she could feel the warmth and wetness as pee hit her panties and spread into her jeans. She felt the wave of relief as she too poured urine into her jeans, and when she gingerly felt the crotch of her jeans she could feel the pee washing over the tips of her fingers. She blushed at her own touch, she wanted to touch more while she peed, but she thought better of it, and just allowed herself to relish in the feeling of relief and the warmth as she wet herself. When she had finished peeing, she looked at the damage slightly, and saw that she was standing in a very large puddle of her own pee, had she really drank that much?

“Alright, now we wait” she thought to herself, and she sat down instinctively, jumping slightly when her wet butt hit the puddle. “Oh that’s right” she said, touching the wetness around her thighs and crotch. Just as the wetness was beginning to cool, she felt a tug around the belt of her jeans, and everything around her went black as she was lifted up by a mysterious force. “Here we go again…” she said to herself.

