Daisy's Dilemma

Author: Meowth

*000*2011-01-24 17:51

As you probably saw in the Topic Description this is but another fan-fiction involving Bittersweet Candy Bowl. Since later certain aspects of this story may become obsolete as the actual storyline for the comic progresses, it's worth mentioning this was written in midst of Chapter 63. This story definitely has more omorashi content than Feline Hangover did as well.

Enjoy!

It had been a long week of school; or rather couple months of school. Semester exams had just come to an end and Daisy was more than ready for a three day weekend with no homework. The part about no homework was especially nice since the massive amount she got from her advanced classes had a nasty way of taking any free time she had left after extracurricular activities, her friends, and Abbey. Regardless, this week was all to herself. For the first time in forever she actually had free time, and this meant no studying, no school, and no people. Well, maybe people, but not today. Today she was just going to sit around, and let her mind stagnant. After adopting the attitude ‘No reason to try; no reason to care’, she appropriately grabbed herself a non-diet soda (she was feeling crazy) and plopped down in front of the living room television and attempted to lose herself in the life of America’s favorite Hispanic TV family.

After spending around half an hour watching the sitcom, she then noticed the line up for the night. Another episode of this, an hour of what was basically the same family except white, and then another hour of what was once again the same family, but black. With that, she decided that maybe TV wasn’t the best idea. So she quickly finished off her soda, grabbed a glass of water, and headed up to her room. With the dim light of her desk lamp illuminating her room with a pale orange glow, she sat at the foot of her bed, lost. With the depression of boredom beginning to set in, and the thoughts of doubt that she feared so much creeping in, she found herself desperate to think of something to do.

She thought about going to talk to her dad, but she didn’t know what to say. She thought about calling Abbey, but they had been talking all week. She thought about calling one of her friends but she figured that they probably had something more useful to do with their time, unlike her. So she sat there, staring at her hands, contemplating the void that was her life when she had free time.

After becoming increasingly desperate for something to do, she found her hand beginning to take on a mind of its own as it slowly rubbed the fur in between her legs. As her hand began to creep more and more around the walls of her womanhood, and her fingers began to penetrate the surface, she was becoming increasingly relaxed. She felt herself about to lie down and let things happen as they would, but she was interrupted by the opening of her door. Quickly jerking her hand from her privates to her thigh, she looked up to see who had opened the door with a worried expression.

“Hey, what are you up to in here?” Daisy’s mom asked a little suspicious at her daughter’s tense posture.

“Oh uh, nothing mom, just trying to think of something to do,” Daisy said trying to muster up an innocent smile.

“Hmm, well, I just wanted to let you know I’m home. Oh, and I wanted to ask you… You have a 3 day weekend, right?”

Daisy managed a nod and a nervous “Yeah.”

“Ok, well, try not to have too much fun in here. Love you.” Her mom said with a smile closing the door.

“Love you too, mom.”

Daisy simply sat there in shock, hoping against all odds her mother hadn’t realized what she had been doing. With her mother now out of the room, Daisy now found herself in the same place she was in before. She thought about getting up to the lock door, and then continuing what she had been interrupted doing before, but the feeling was gone.

Now just wanting to get the prior encounter with her mother of her head, she feverishly looked around her room, hoping to find something that might distract her. Luckily, she saw something on her desk that might suffice. It was a book she had gotten from the library on recommendation. Maybe not the most mind numbing of activities, but she didn’t care. She was bored out of her mind and needed to do something. She picked up the book and read the summary. It was some romance with vampires. Not exactly her description of the ideal book, but it was better than nothing. Who knew, maybe it would be decent. So she laid down on her bed, cracked open the book, and took a big drink of water.

At first the book seemed rather drab. A depressing girl, in a depressing place, with frequently depressing weather, but as she got deeper into it she found it to be much more interesting then she had previously thought. Normally, Daisy found most romance novels made for kids to be cheesy and poorly written, but the longer she read it, the more she found herself captivated by the superhuman love of the vampire. So much so that even the call of nature steadily creeping up on her was second priority to reading. In order to better enjoy her experience Daisy decided to really get comfortable by changing into her PJ’s. So doing her best to read and change at the same time, she slipped on a long black t-shirt that came down to about her thighs and she went and lay back down.

As minutes became hours, and pages became chapters, Daisy found herself in a state of unrest. With both knees in the air, and both legs smashed together, she lay reading on her bed, while she quickly, yet subtly, bounced to help fight off the growing urge to urinate. Daisy had often found herself getting sucked into books, but it had been awhile since she had been this interested in one. She seemed to have an unexplainable attachment to the characters and she absolutely couldn’t wait to find out what was going to happen next, even if that meant holding it in for just a few more pages.

As time continued to pass, Daisy’s desperation grew. She had begun to press her shirt into her privates, hoping to suppress the urge, but it only provided little relief. It wasn’t long until she found herself sitting at the side her bed, one hand holding up the book, and the other clutching her shirt mashed in between her legs. Daisy was slowly beginning to reach her limit, and she wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold on, but the book was still on the forefront of her mind. If only she could finish up this segments, if only she could figure out what was going to happen. If only she could get some kind of closure before making a mad dash for the toilet.

Unfortunately for Daisy, there was no ‘closure’ in sight, so she simply did her best to hold it like she had been doing for hours. Within minutes Daisy found herself on her feet, and while the positions of her hands had changed little, her legs were now shifting back and forth with great haste, and little subtly. She could feel the pressure pushing down, trying to escape, but as much as she longed to let nature have its way, she couldn’t let that happen. Of course Daisy also recognized that she wasn’t going to be able to will off nature much longer, let alone until the end of the book. So she kept reading, hoping for a good point to go out on, but at this point, her reading speed had been reduced quite significantly due to the distraction of her bladder, her shaking legs, and her erratically bouncing body.

Finally, Daisy reached her limit. She could feel the urine about to explode out of her and she knew that if she didn’t go then, that she was going to go there, whether she liked it or not. So in a rapid haste, she set the book down on her bed with it ready to be quickly resumed, and she made a mad dash for the restroom. Using both hands (and no shame) to help hold in the inevitable torrent of urine, she made it to the bathroom door completely dry, but things were about to change. After messing with the doorknob, she realized it was locked, and she knew that she was only a few mere seconds from wetting herself. She knocked on the door as she continued to dance with desperation, praying the person inside would be swift. To her disheartenment, she was told “Just a minute!” by none other than her dad.

Daisy began to panic. Now with her legs locked, and not moving a muscle, she looked around feverishly for something, anything that could help her. Unfortunately, she was too late. The pressure became too much for the poor girl and she felt a bit of urine pour out, drenching the fur around her upper thighs. It wasn’t long until that bit of urine became a stream, and she had completely lost control of her bladder. With a soft hissing sound echoing in the quiet hallway, mixing with the sound of Daisy’s stifled sobs, the urine soaked her fur as it ran down her slender legs, eventually making a puddle on the floor. Daisy watched, with tears in her eyes, as the river of urine left her body. She felt like a four year old. She spent so much time studying and trying to better herself yet here she was unable to keep from having an accident.

When she had finally stopped wetting herself, she quickly ran to her room. She was in no mood to see the look on her dads face, or anyone’s face, when they saw the floor. So she simply sat at her desk and cried. Within minutes, she heard knocking at her door, and with weary eyes, she looked up.

“Who is it?” Daisy asked with tone that reflected her crying.

“It’s just me” Her mom’s sweet voice rang back. She didn’t sound angry, but Daisy now knew it was just another person who knew about her accident besides her dad.

“What is it?” Daisy asked slightly agitated by the situation.

“I was just wondering if you’re all right.” Her mom replied.

“… Yeah, I’m alright.” Daisy said with a sniffle.

“Is it alright if I come in?” Her mom asked.

“Yeah, you can come in.” Daisy said back to her, part of her wanting to be left alone, but another part of her thankful for the support. When her mom walked in the room, she went over to Daisy and asked if she was sure she was alright. With a pained sigh Daisy told her she would be okay, and that she would go out there and clean up now if she wanted. Daisy’s mom simply told her to get in the shower and get cleaned up and that she would take care of the mess. With a slight smile, and a quick hug, Daisy hopped in the shower, to wash away not only the urine on her fur, but the memories of this evening. At least she had more book to look forward too.

Please inform me of any grammar/spelling related errors so I may fix them. All comments and criticisms are welcome.

*002*2011-01-24 23:02

I appreciate the comment, and it's nice to know even people who haven't read the comic can still get some enjoyment out of the story.

*004*2011-01-25 20:34

{{:

I thought it was pretty good. (I imagined the character as human, though.) I enjoy situations in this sort of fiction when a character puts off using the bathroom for some reason, something that's not used too much, and I like when they encounter the dreaded locked door. You put these both together and I think it turned out quite well.

Thanks for reminding me about Bittersweet Candy Bowl! I had read it once but I couldn't remember what it was called.

}}

Ah yes, as you can see I am a fan of that as well. One thing I didn't mention before was that this was actually somewhat based on a true story with my ex. Actually more than one. While none of them actually ended with wetting or a locked door, desperation was definitely present.

And no problem at all. She is still uploading new pages 3 times a week so it might be worth going back catching up one what you missed.

*007*2011-01-26 02:20

{{: 

I like this story! A little more description on how Daisy was feeling would have been welcomed but all in all, a very good read.

Try working on adding details and you'll be a pro at this in no time. <3

}}

You know I could tell there was a little something lacking in this since it composed over a single night, but you're right. A little extra detail probably would have been helpful. I will possibly go over it, give it some minor revisions, work on it's flow, and see how things come out. Thanks for feedback!

{{: 

Not being into furries, I only skimmed this0, but I still enjoyed it greatly. I find that it added a lot to the story for it to not jump directly to omorashi-related things -- however, this is common enough in your work I probably don't have to elaborate.

PS: Mia, are you aware that you are talking to this forum's (perhaps second, after Slater) best writer?

Although there are few references to it, I still have trouble changing my mental image.

}}

I greatly appreciate the compliment, it definitely serves as a good source of motivation.

As for the first part, the difference you're noticing from my stories as opposed to many others is that I do my best to write erotica rather than porn. Porn is typically more direct while getting it's job done, while erotica is more detailed and has a story behind it. Granted there isn't really much story here, which is mainly because it's a single chapter fan-fiction, so most of the plot is covered in the comic, but still, there are certain details that are thrown in not for sexual satisfaction, but for the sake of the story.

One thing I've noticed among porn relevant to erotica is that porn is much more common with men than with women, and vice-versa.

So statistics go to say you are much more likely to encounter porn when looking for straight (male) stories.

*009*2011-01-29 03:20

As I mentioned in my other response I truly thank you for putting this level of time and consideration into the reviewing of these stories. I take it as a compliment and it really means a lot.

As for the rest of the review, there isn't much I can say. It pretty much summed up my mistakes in their entirety. I suppose all in all I didn't do quite well enough in really understanding Daisy, and the kind of person she was. I'll make sure next time that I do things as realistically as possible and take no shortcuts.

Regarding what you mentioned about the extracurricular activities, there actually is a reasonable explanation. A matter of fact, it was the first sentence. "It had been a long week of school; or rather couple months of school. Semester exams had just come to an end and Daisy was more than ready for a three day weekend with no homework." Err, well second sentence. It's common place in certain schools to cancel extracurricular activities around exam time. I will admit that it is a touch of a stretch since she has so many, but you must also admit that the amount mentioned in the chapter "Feline Filibuster" was a touch excessive, and I wasn't sure if it was a serious number, or a hyperbole. Of course only Taeshi could clear up that misconception since there are a lot of ways that could been seen.

I must say that when I read the major plot hole you had found I laughed. I have no idea what was going through my head to think I could possibly justify that. I can only wonder why my girlfriend didn't do that... Then again she may have done it for my sake.

I believe I will definitely check out the forums and IRC chat when given the opportunity, under the same name of course.

*013*2011-02-10 00:17

Thanks for pointing that out. I just fixed it. :)

And I'm glad I was able to make you a fan.

Oh, and yes, it was indeed George Lopez. The other two show's were Full House and The Fresh Prince of Bel Air.

