Buffy Omo Part 2 - Faith (Requested by vexer6)

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2015-04-20 12:13

Buffy Omo Part 2: Faith.

Faith arrived at Buffy's house, she was supposed to call on the blonde slayer to find out which cemetery she was going to be patrolling tonight so that she could go to one of the others. Knocking in the door, Faith expected to see Buffy when it opened, but instead she was surprised to see Joyce on the other side.

"Faith, how wonderful of you to pop over. Are you looking for Buffy?" She asked.

Faith smiled and fidgeted with her hands while standing on the porch. She nodded.

"Yeah, is she in?" She asked.

Joyce smiled and opened the door wider to let the dark haired slayer in.

"She's up in her room. I'm just doing some dinner, would you like to stay for some?" She asked.

Faith thought about it and then nodded in that unique way of hers.

"I'd love to, if Buffy doesn't mind" she said.

Joyce smiled and waved her off.

"I'm sure Buffy won't mind" she stated.

She then closed the door and directed Faith up the stairs to Buffy's room.

###

During dinner, Faith found herself increasingly thirsty and had at least five pints of orange juice with her meal. She and Buffy had sorted out which cemetery they were to patrol each and when the meal was over, Faith thanked Joyce and said her goodbyes before heading off in the direction of the cemetery.

While on her way there, she got a niggling feeling in the back of her mind, something telling her that she'd forgotten to do something before leaving Buffy's house, but she ignored it. She couldn't be thinking of what she'd forgotten and fight Vampires at the same time, so she continued.

Once at the cemetery, Faith saw the newest grave and waited by it. The chances were that the person had simply died of natural causes, actually those chances were about a hundred to one. So, she sat on the grave marker opposite the newly covered grave and waited. This was the part she hated, it gave her time to think about things, like the light pressure she could feel on her bladder. Shaking her head, she cleared herself of those thoughts, after all, it was only a slight pressure, nothing to worry about.

As time wore on, the pressure in her bladder began to steadily increase and she was now regretting drinking all that orange juice at dinner. But, she couldn't leave for even a second, this guy could rise at any moment and it wouldn't look good if she missed it because she was taking a whizz. Crossing her legs, she squeezed her thighs together a little to help reinforce the muscles of her bladder, though with her being a slayer she would've thought that her muscles were strong enough to hold as long as she needed to.

By the time darkness enshrouded the cemetery, Faith was constantly wiggling on the grave marker and uncrossing and recrossing her legs. Her hand was leaning on her thigh in a tight fist. By God did she need to piss right now, but she couldn't. She uncrossed her legs again and gasped as her bladder spasmed a little and a small leak found its way into her panties. Quickly, she crossed her legs again and squeezed her thighs together tightly.

Another few minutes went by and Faith was beginning to think that maybe Buffy was wrong, maybe this guy wasn't going to rise tonight if at all. But she had to make sure, though her bladder wasn't making things easy, there was now a definite ache from where she was holding so much inside the middle sized pouch. A groan escaped her as her bladder spasmed again and another leak forced its way out of her and she clenched her thighs tightly again.

She could do this! She was not about to give up and piss herself right here and right now! But her bladder had other ideas, another spasm had her doubling over and her hands between her legs pressing against her cooch. Suddenly, through the pounding of her ears, she noticed the familiar rustling sound of earth being moved. Looking up, she saw the hand coming out of the ground and she stood up. That was the worst mistake she'd made, as gravity now pulled down on her bladder and it contracted again, once again making her double over with desperation and pain.

'Come on Faith, just stake this vamp and you can go and take a piss behind a mausoleum or something' she thought.

The vampire took his time escaping from his six foot hole and during that time, Faith leaked a few more times into her panties. When the vamp was out however, Faith out her desperation to the back of her mind and went about fighting with the inhuman creature. However, as she fought, her bladder gave a few more contractions and a long spurt left her, causing her to double over in the middle of giving a kick. When the spurt ended, she looked up to see the vampire looking at her with laughter in his eyes and she growled, going at him with more determination than before.

It wasn't long until she subdued the vamp and dusted him, but by that time her bladder'd had enough. Just as she was about to walk a cold shiver worked its way up her spine and a warm feeling appeared between her legs.

"No" she said.

She put her hands between her legs to attempt to prevent the inevitable, but the force of the piss trying to escape pushed its way through her closed off muscles and sent a strong stream into her panties, one that didn't stop. She groaned as she pissed herself, the relief overwhelmed the embarrassment of doing such a thing and when she was finished, the only thing that reminded her that she had been rather desperate was the aching bladder and gut.

