12:30 A Fullmetal Alchemist Fanfic

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-07-28 00:34

12:30: A FMA Fanfic

Its been a while since I've posted anything worth while…Hopefully you people will find this worth while. If not, complain to your heart's content.

Well, I noticed this site only has one, maybe two Fullmetal Alchemist Omorashi fics. Let me fix that.

*Cue evil, sadistic grin*

I'm gonna torture Edward. BWHAHAHAHA! *cough, cough* oh, just hurry up and read it… >_<

Edward sighed and looked out the train window. His red coat was wrapped around his waist and his signature braid was replaced with a simple ponytail. Al was sitting quietly next to him, and if he wasn't a bodiless suit of armor, Ed would have guessed he was asleep. His metal arm resting on the window sill, Ed closed his own eyes.

"Hey Al. Wake me up when we get there." he said with a yawn, not waiting to see if his brother heard him before he leaned back and let sleep overtake him.

Ed yawned and instantly felt cold. He looked up to see Al's face. Ed groggily sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.

"Al, why didn't you wake me?" he demanded angrily.

"You wouldn't get up, brother." the younger Elric responded.

Ed sighed and took his suitcase from Al, jumping out of his brother's arms and landing on his on knee-his metal one. A large grassy field stretched out in front of the boys, dotted with flowers and little brown bunnies. A small river ran through the field, twisting and turning around the grassy slope.

"Hang on, Al." Edward said, jogging over to the river and placing his suitcase and coat on the ground next to him. He pulled a small plastic cup out his suitcase and filled it with water. The water was a brown hue, and small pebbles and blades of grass floated inside it. Ed yanked off one glove, exposing his metal hand before clapping it and his flesh hand. There was a flash of light and the water became clear and cold with ice floating in it.

"Equivalent Exchange." he laughed to himself, gulping down the water and stuffing the empty cup in his pocket. He forced his auto-mail hand back into the glove and stood from where he was crouched on the ground.

"Alright, Al, let's go."

Al nodded and the two set off towards the next town.

It was about 11:15 when Ed and Al reached the town. It was a small, quiet place, and Ed almost wanted to stay for a while, but they were only passing through to get to the next train station. That didn't stop Edward from looking around the small market stalls that lined the streets, despite everything being overpriced. It took Al 15 minutes just to drag his older brother the train station.

"Damn, Al, I'm thirsty." Ed complained, punching Al with his metal arm until his brother finally gave in and handed Ed the wallet he always kept. It was Edward's wallet, but he always spent too much money, so Al was usually the one holding it.

Ed ran off, returning a moment later holding a can of orange soda. He sat down on the wooden bench by the train tracks and stretching his legs out. Right at that moment, a man hurried past, tripping on Ed's feet and falling over.

"Ah! Watch it, tiny." the man sneered.

"WHAAAT?!" Edward screeched, jumping to his feet and involuntarily throwing his half empty can of soda at Al.

"Who are you calling midget? Don't call me shorty! Or bean sprout! I'm NOT as small as a flea!" he shouted, grabbing the man by the collar of his shirt and shaking him back and forth.

Edward felt a sudden tugging sensation in his lower abdomen. He stopped and let go of the man, who fell over and ran away. Ed sunk to his knees and placed his hands on his belly.

"Aw crap, no freaking way…!" he moaned softly.

"Big brother!" Al called, hurrying over.

"Are you alright?"

Ed nodded and slowly stood up.

"Yeah. I'm fine." he glanced at the train tracks.

"Say, Al, when's our train arrive?" maybe he'd have time to walk back to the town.

"12:00, brother." Al replied.

Ed groaned.

'Great, just great. I don't have time to to go back to that stupid town. It's already 11:57. There's no way I'd make it back in time.'

Ed nodded reluctantly.

"Alright, then."

In the three minutes it had taken the train to get there, the tow minutes it took the Elric brothers to get on the train, and the five minutes Ed had been sitting in a cramped seat next to Al, with 25 minutes left until they reached their destination, Ed had gone from slightly uncomfortable to in pain. He bounced his real leg slightly and squirmed in his seat.

"A-Al?" he hissed through clenched teeth.

"How much longer 'til we get there?"

"About twenty minutes, brother. Why?"

"N-no reason." Ed replied quickly, crossing his legs and inwardly cursing his tiny bladder. The train stopped suddenly to collect passengers, and Ed bit down on his lip and whimpered softly. He clutched the fabric of his pants just above the knee and squeezed his legs together. He squirmed around in his seat, glaring out the window and panting heavily, sweat building up on his forehead. Al noticed this and glanced at his older brother, who gave him a death glare-the kind he only ever used on milk-before looking out the window again. Another agonizing 5 minutes passed, Ed getting more and more desperate.

"Al…" he choked out finally.

"Al…brother…I can't take it anymore. Dammit, Al, are we almost there?"

Al looked at him with wide eyes.

"No, big brother. We have about fifteen minutes left-what's wrong?"

Ed glared at Al.

'Figures. He's been a suit of armor for what? Five, six years now? He probably doesn't even remember what s bladder is.'

Ed winced as his bladder spasmed again.

"I need to use f*cking bathroom." he growled between breaths.

Al glanced at him, though if he thought anything of his brother he didn't say.

"Can you hold it?" he asked.

'What do you think, idiot!' Ed wanted to scream in frustration, but he didn't.

"I-I dunno. I'll try."

Al nodded.

"Well, big brother, seeing as you're so small, one would think you had a small bl-"

"Al!" Ed shouted in a strained voice.

"Sorry." Al said, holding back a chuckle.

10 minutes had passed. That left Ed with 5 more minutes of struggling to hold back the torrent of water that threatened to spill out of his swollen bladder. His mechanical hand lay at his side in a fist and his normal hand was at his crotch. He let out a low moan and slouched down in his seat. He looked down at the ground, his face growing warm. He suddenly sat up and jammed both hands into his crotch.

"Holysh!tholysh!tholysh!tholysh!t…" he moaned as he lost control of his bladder for a moment. He felt a warm spurt of urine escape into his pants, and he dared to move his hands, sighing with relief when he saw them dry.

Al, who had been holding all of their things, grabbed his Ed's coat and draped it over his brother's shoulders.

"Just two more minutes." he said.

"Two minutes." Ed echoed, concentrating more on holding than on his brother's reassuring words.

After two more painful minutes, Ed managed to make it to their stop almost dry, except for a small, ping-pong ball sized wet patch.

He trailed behind Al as they exited the train, taking small steps and clutching himself to avoid further leakage. He bit his bit down on his bright red sleeve, eyes brimmed with tears.

"Dammit!" he groans as another spurt escapes his tired body. He shifts his weight rapidly, though he doesn't dare walk any faster, fearing that if he makes one wrong move, he'll regret it. Edward somehow managed to make it out of the train and the station, dreading the walk to the place that Roy had rented for them. It was only a mile away; Ed could have run that distance under normal circumstances, but it isn't exactly every day that he's bursting to take a pee due to his own stupidity.

'Damn, why'd I drink all that soda?'

Sighing, Ed followed Al along the mile long dirt path that would eventually lead to the vacant home they would be staying in for the next two weeks. About halfway there, Ed felt the pressure in his bladder increase too much for him and a sudden wave of agony washed over him.

"Gah, f*ck!" he gasped, bending over and holding himself as hard as he could, rocking back and forth on his heels.

"Al, I-I c-cant…" he moaned. He gasped and cried out in pain as the need for relief nearly doubled, and more urine jetted out into his pants. He managed to regain control, but not before a large wet patch had formed on the crotch of his baggy black jeans. He stood up slowly and bounced in place for a moment before another wave of increasing pain and desperation rolled over him and he moaned loudly.

"Al!" he gasped.

"I'm sorry." he said, hanging his head in shame and embarrassment.

"Big brother." Al said.

"We're almost there. Hang on."

Ed shook his head. His shoulders slumped.

"I'm sorry." he repeated as his bladder slowly began to release its self onto his shaking legs.

"I can't hold it anymore, Al. It hurts too much."

Al walked a few steps closer to his brother, but still kept his distance.

"No, Ed. You can make it." he said encouragingly, but he, too, began to doubt his brother's strength.

"No, Al, I can't. It's g-gonna come out." he whined, as usual, seeming more like the younger of the two, despite being a year older than Al.

Ed was too tired; his body couldn't take it anymore, and his bladder emptied, slowly at first, than faster. A loud hissing sound could be heard as the boy's full body finally released what it had been holding back for too long. The wet patch on the crotch of his jeans grew larger and spread, until it streamed down his still unsteady legs and warm, fresh urine pooled around his boots. A look of both relief and embarrassment crossed the young alchemist's face as he finished.

"Al…" his voice faltered.

"P-please don't look at me…" he whispered.

Al was silent for a moment.

"Come on big brother." he said finally.

"Let's go clean up."

*002*2012-07-29 12:30

{{: 

I remember FMA. I used to watch that. Reading this made me want to go watch it again, but it won't be half as interesting as this story. :) I'm surprised you haven't had any comments yet. It was really interesting, and Ed is perfect for Omorashi. Actually, I wouldn't mind reading more desperation and wetting by him, but I couldn't find anything good. Alas, I shall ever so long.

Anyways, good job and Blessings.

}}

Thanks. I'm actually surprised there aren't more out there. Ed was always more of a little kid than Al. XD And thanks again. Maybe I'll write another one. ;)

