Looking for some stories from 10+ years ago

Author: SilverWrite

*000*2020-08-21 16:12

Back around 2009-2011 there was a website that I very briefly crossed paths with in my search for omo content. There was, I think a list of stories there that I remember were really good but I haven't been able to find this website since.

While I did search for it back then, I fully realize the odds of finding it now have to be near impossible with how much time has passed, which is why I'm asking here if anyone could either help me find it, or has any of the stories archived.

I only have memory of two of them.(I'm pretty sure they were both from the same website but I'm not 100% certain.)

The first was a first-person account of a guy who narrated about how he liked seeing girls desperate to pee in public. (Memory tells me that's the exact phrasing he used but could be mistaken, might have even been a headline for the website itself.) The gist is that he went to an amusement park in hopes of seeing desperation and found a girl desperate in a house of mirrors. She couldn't find her way out, and was being tormented by some snobbish other girls who refused to help and were laughing at her and making fun of her. It ended with a wetting, the narrator comforted her and helped her find her way out. He then went off, happily thinking about what might happen next time or something.--

The second, was again in first-person. It was about a kid, (or maybe a teenager, I honestly don't remember. I don't remember the gender, either.) who was desperate at soccer practice(At least I'm pretty sure it was soccer) and dealing with a mean coach who I believe yelled at them and refused to let them go. The story ended with the parent(mom I think) picking him/her up. He/she asked for her to wait for them to be able to go but the mom was in a hurry so she asked if he/she could wait. They tried but burst the exact second the car started up.-

TL;DR - I'm looking for two omo stories from the distant past(descriptions above), if anyone could help me find them I would be eternally grateful.

*003*2020-08-23 17:26

Wow, yeah, that's definitely it, alright. Thank you! Fascinating to see where my memories of the story both do and do not match.

I did some searching and found it on that other website too, plus some further digging in case I could find the other story too. I could not.

This makes me all the more curious about that one, though. My memory tells me I found both stories on the same page. Like, there was a list of stories, and I just happened to click on those particular two, randomly.(Which admittedly does match the criteria of the second website)

I doubt it was the same site though since I couldn't find any mention of that possible website header I mentioned. I suppose it could have been a site or page collecting various stories. It's also possible that my memory fails me entirely, and that both stories just happened to be from the same google search and there was no such heading. Either way, if anyone has any other ideas of where I could look... (Archived websites, stories, etc)

