Michiru Shouldn't Drink Tea Anymore

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-02-27 05:00

Michiru got back from the store early and she was hot and sweaty. She knew that a quick drink would cool her down. She decided to make her favorite-tea. She wanted to drink only one, but she ended up drinking 5 because she was really thristy. She moved the tea-pot and cups from the table to the sink to rinse them off. Feeling the tea moving inside her, she knocked on the bathroom door. "Hotaru? Are you in there?" she asked. "Yes, I'm in here. I just threw a tea party for my dolls, and I have about 10 of them. So this might take a while." camed the tiny reply.

Michiru was 17, so she knew she could hold it. She kept herself busy by putting away the groceries. She started with the foods that belong in the fridge. After a couple minutes she felt pressure.

Hotaru wasn't out of the bathroom yet, so Michiru was just going to suck it up. She moved on to things that belong in the cupborad. She stood on her tip-toes so she could reach. More pressure. She crossed her legs so she could conctrate better.

Then she moved onto the frozen things. Michiru could hardly stand her full bladder, but she wasn't going to stop halfway through her chores.

After Michiru was finshed, she got a book down from the shelf but still couldn't concentrate. She crossed her legs and grabbed her crotch. Tears came to her eyes. She figured it would help if she just laid down.

She crossed her legs so tightly they almost popped. She was afraid to get up because her bladder was starting to hurt.

She sat up carefully so her bladder didn't spill over. She felt sick to her stomach and her bladder hurt terribly now. Michiru Stood up slowly, putting one foot in front of the other carefully and slowly. Michiru knew Hotaru was out of the bathroom by this point.

Michiru kept her legs crossed and her hand on her crotch. A spurt came out. She collapassed onto the floor but couldn't get up. Her hand felt warm, but she refused to move it. Her tears rolled down her cheeks. She kept trying to hold it, but it was too late.

The center of Michiru's dress turned dark pink where her hand was. A puddle was spreading out underneth her. She sighed and opened her eyes. "Ugh, this is disgusting." Her bladder was still swollen, so she couldn't move easily. Her lover came in to see her crying.

Michiru looked up into Haruka's eyes. Haruka was her ever sweet girlfriend. "I still like you." Michiru smiled.

*002*2011-02-27 06:58

{{:

Why did someone vote this down? It can't be THAT bad :/

It's not great, but I don't think its bad enough to warrant that.

}}

I actually wrote this a while back when I was first getting into anime wetting, that's why it's not the best. I'm started to get more focused in things like omorashi and despration, so when I think of a really good one, I'll post it.

*004*2011-02-27 20:43

{{:

Paragraphs, paragraphs, paragraphs.

%http://home.mchsi.com/~webclass/dialoguerules.htm

Right now, this is just a block of text with no layout to speak of. Splitting it up, however, would point out an even greater mistake: there is little connection between the parts. For example:

Vs.

Finally, partly due to this rushed style, the story does not sound believable: an indication of time passing and things developing would make it clear that the girl had held it for a while, and get rid of the impression that the events take as long to occur as it takes to read through the text.

On the good side, the spelling and grammar is near-perfect, and simply adding more to this (AFTER splitting it up) would be enough to make it a decent story.

}}

I'm sorry if it's rushed, but I wrote this a while back when I was just starting to get into Omorashi, that's why it's not the best. But I'm glad you said it in a nice way, most people would probably snap at me. I probably won't do it tonight because I'm busy, but maybe tommrow after school.

People, I said it right on the top: This is an old omorashi story I wrote a while back, so it's kinda lame. They just cut lame off. I'm going to revise it soon, don't worry! I'm just a busy person!

*006*2011-02-28 21:07

{{:

It's no rush, it's just constructive criticism is all. I enjoyed the story.

}}

This is actually the revised one. The orignal was worse. But I'm working on a loli wetting story that involves a long car trip, and I'm hpoing it will be better then this one! I'm still glad you like it.

*008*2011-02-28 22:08

{{:

It's certainly better this way, although the last paragraph doesn't really make sense this way. Pointing out who Haruka is would help make it more understandable, and get rid of the feeling that there's a paragraph missing.

}}

I thought something was missing, but I didn't konw what. I'll go change that now. :)

