Arielle's afternoon Part 4

Author: loppylollypop27

*000*2013-06-12 21:42

This isn't the beginning of this fiction parts 1-3 are linked here https://omorashi.org/topic/7974-arielles-afternoon/

But the post is considered dead... so I didn't continue there. I've been trying to post this for a while but every time something gets in the way but I'm finally continuing so here it goes hope you enjoy!

Arielle's life was going well. She was doing great at her new job and she even met a guy there whom she was now dating his name was Griffin.

Tonight they were going to meet at her house and then go see a movie. He knocked on the door and she answered. "Hey baby!" she said giving him a soft kiss on the lips

Griffin entered the house and they sat down on her couch.

Griffin was into omorashi, and he wanted to tell Arielle but he was worried that she wouldn't understand and that she would judge him.

"Listen Arielle" he said "I need to tell you something"

"what is it?" Arielle asked with a note of concern

"As long as I can remember I've gotten aroused when girls pee or wet themselves" he said "I don't know why but it's just the way I am"

Arielle was shocked "Wow, really" said Arielle she was feeling a little naughty that night "Have you ever thought of me peeing?" she asked curiously

"Um...yeah" he said shyly blushing a lot

"I have wet myself a few times before, and it feels really good" said Arielle "you know I wouldn't mind peeing for you"

"You would really do that?" Griffin asked totally surprised "I don't know if this is too much to ask but do you think you could do it in public?"

"Sure" said Arielle with a naughty smile She had never peed in public before

"Awesome" said Griffin he checked his watch "we should go to the movie now" he said "or we're going to be late"

"You're right" said Arielle "let's go"

They got into the car and Griffin drove after she buckled her seatbelt Arielle realised she didn't pee before she left she had drank a lot of liquid that day and needed to pee pretty bad

"I have to pee a bit" said Arielle naughtily "does that turn you on?" she grinned

"Um..a little" he said, he wasn't used to Arielle acting this way, but he liked it

"I could pee in public for you tonight if you want" she said pressing her legs together she was wearing a strapless dress with a lacy black thong and no bra because the dress had a built-in bra

"I would like that" he said he was definitely turned on "how bad do you have to go?"

"Pretty bad, I can hold it for a little while though" said Arielle they arrived at the theatre and both got large sodas they entered the dark theatre room

"Can we sit at the back?" asked Arielle getting desperate "I don't want people to see me holding myself"

"OK" he said with a grin and they sat in the back. Arielle was getting really desperate she put a hand on her vagina. When the movie started she slipped off her thong and put it on the floor so she could hold herself easier.

Griffin noticed "do you think you'll make it through the movie?" he asked

"I don't know" she moaned bouncing up and down on her seat not caring if people saw her about an hour into the movie Arielle's soda was half done and she didn't know how much longer she could last without completely soaking the seat. A small spurt escaped her bare urethra making a tiny wet spot on the seat.

"I spurted" she whispered to Griffin

"Really?" he ran his finger along her vagina "you're right you're wet" he whispered to her his dick became hard as a rock

"I'm going to lose it soon" Arielle groaned covering her vagina with her hands to prevent pee form spilling out her urethra "this is so exciting" she said

"Your telling me" he said "none of my girlfriends have ever done thins for me"

Another spurt escaped from Arielle's full bladder "I spurted again" she moaned holding herself tightly and rubbing a bit

Griffin rubbed her vagina "This is the best date ever" said Griffin

Arielle moaned, it was to much for her full bladder to handle and pee started spraying from her urethra soaking the seat and the floor she moaned as golden liquid made a large wet spot on the chair.

Griffin felt her stream the torrent flew form her.

The front of Arielle's dress was getting wet as well as the back of it as the urine continued to flow from inside of her she moaned it was orgasmic.

After about two minutes her stream died down to a little pee dripping from her tired urethra. "Tha was fantastic" said Arielle fully aroused

"You can say that again" said Griffin

After the movie ended they left the theatre and went back home for some more fun if you know what I mean ;)

(to be continued....)

I hope you enjoyed this :)

