The Leaf Training Camp

Author: rukia

*000*2010-08-06 20:32

It's been almost two years since Naruto left Konoha to train with Jiraiya, and since then everyone has been training hard to become better ninja. Sakura Haruno has trained especially hard under the legendary Sannin Tsunade, and has attained the rank of Chunnin. Her training is now mostly complete, or so Sakura thought...

"I'm back!" Sakura exclaimed after returning from another mission. "I'm pleased to report that the mission was a complete success."

"Very good, you're improving. Just a few months ago you would have barely survived that mission much less completed it." congratulated Tsunade. "I'm impressed, but.... you still have a ways to go."

In response to this Sakura simply nodded her head and said, "Thank you!"

"Now, you're probably thinking about today's training." said Tsunade.

"What, is there going to be something unique about today's training?" Sakura asked.

"There is a camp for leaf kunoichi that is held once every year by ANBU. There they teach all manner of skills, jutsu, and other essentials to being a ninja." explained Tsunade, "I have made the decision to send you off to this camp as I believe that they are more suited to teaching you things like this than me."

Sakura looked puzzled, "But you've been a great teacher lady Tsunade, why would you think some camp is better suited than you?"

"While I have taught you many things, this camp teaches group skills, something I have been unable to properly teach you. This camp is one of the best, you will get ample training, I assure you." answered Tsunade.

"Well, if you say so." Sakura replyed, "How long does this camp last, how long am I going to be out of town?"

"The program lasts about three months." answered Tsunade.

"Three months... I see, that's a bit... lengthy...... for a training program isn't it?"

"Well, you've spent two years training with me. This should be nothing to you."

"Yeah...... I guess you're right, when do I leave?"

"You leave tomorrow morning at noon, your parents have already been informed and have probably finished packing your bags by now."

"Alright, am I dissmissed now?"

"Yes, I'll be there to see you off tomorrow. Bye!"

"Bye!"

Sakura walked out the door and headed home.

###

"Mom! I'm home!" Sakura yelled as she entered her house.

"Welcome back sweetie," her mother welcomed, "I assume that you've heard everything from the Hokage."

Sakura nodded.

Sakura's mom held up a large, pink backpack. "I've packed your clothes, gear, and anything else I thought you might need for camp."

"Thank you, I..."

"You know, me and your father are going to miss you on this trip, but we could never be more proud that our little girl is such a skilled ninja."

"Alright," Sakura said with a smile. "I'm going to go look through my things and go to bed, I'll see you in the morning."

"Good night honey!"

"Night mom!"

###

THE NEXT MORNING

###

Sakura woke up, got dressed, ate breakfast, and went through the usual morning routine before grabbing her bag and heading for the gate leading out of Konoha. When she arrived, Tsunade, her parents, and a single member of the ANBU Black Ops were waiting for her.

"Morning Sakura." greeted Tsunade, "This member of ANBU is here to escourt you to the camp, are you prepared?"

Sakura answered with a simple "Yes." and turned to her parents.

Sakura's mother kissed Sakura on the forehead and said, "We're going to miss you honey. Your father couldn't be here today, I'm sorry to say, he couldn't finish his mission on time."

"That's okay, I understand." Sakura smiled.

The ANBU agent simply stood there and asked, "Are you ready to go?"

"Yes." answered Sakura.

"Then let's go!"

"Bye everyone!" waved Sakura and then the two lept off into the trees.

As Sakura followed the ANBU agent she got the feeling that this trip wasn't going to go as planned. She simply shook this off and assumed it was just her being nervous. She did not know how wrong she was...

Chapter 2

"I'm going to explain a few things about camp." said the ANBU agent as she and Sakura lept through the sea of trees. "When you arrive, you'll be assigned a dorm that you will be sharing with three other ninja. In addition, your dorm will be assigned an instructor who will be responsible for most of your daily training. There will, however, be other instructors there and will help teach you both one-on-one and in a team. There will also be times were large groups or even the entire camp will be taught certain things in a single large class. Any questions?"

"No." replyed Sakura.

"Good, then I'll continue. The rules of the camp are very simple, aside from the obvious things such as do not steal, do not start fights, etcetera, you must make sure to never be late to any class, training session, or special announcement, treat all others with utmost respect, and always obey the instructors and staff. In addition, if you fail to report for your punishment, or if you resist it then you will be forcibly apprehended and your punishment will be made more severe. Any questions?"

"No ma'am."

"Very well then, I should also mention that the area in which the camp is located is very prone to earthquakes. The camp was purposely built there because the frequent earthquakes help to keep students sharp. It forces them to always be prepared and to expect the unexpected."

Sakura thought about this for a minute, "Okay."

"Alright, we're not much further from the camp, are you sure that you have no questions?"

Sakura responed with a simple "I'm sure." just as the two ninja came upon the camp.

The camp was a multitude of scattered dormitories and other buildings, all of which containing the symbol of the leaf on the front and ranged in size from small to large.

"Well, here we are," announced the ANBU agent as the two girls walked up to the entrance.

"Welcome back Junna!" greeted another female member of ANBU as the two entered camp. "I assume that she's the one sent by the Hokage?"

"Yes, this is Sakura Haruno." answered Junna.

The ANBU agent walked over to Sakura, but as she did so, Sakura thought she heard a slight crinkling noise as the agent walked. She dissmissed this as just the wind or something similar as the the agent began to speak, "Alright then, Sakura would you please come to me, I'll take you to your dorm."

"Okay," said Sakura turning around to face Junna, "So I guess I'll be seeing you later then."

Junna nodded and Sakura left with the other ANBU agent. The agent led Sakura to a small grey building on the other side of the campsite with a single window on each side of it. It was quite a ways from everything else, except for a few dorms scattered around the area.

"Sorry it's so far from everything else, the other dorms are full, this was the only one left." apologized the agent.

Sakura simply smiled and said, "That's alright, I don't mind."

"Okay then, if you need anything, my name's Yukayo, I'm one of the instructors here at camp." the agent. "Oh, and there's going to an opening ceremony today in that building over there." the agent pointed to a large building on the other side of camp. "It's going to start in about ten minutes, so don't spend too much time getting unpacked."

"Alright, thanks, and I'll see you later." waved Sakura as Yukayo ran off. "I wondere who is going to be in my dorm...."

Sakura opened the door to the dorm and took a step inside. "Hello..." greeted Sakura as she entered. Immediately, however, she recognized all three of her room mates, Hinata, Tenten, and, as luck would have it, Ino.

"Great." Sakura mumbled in a sarcastic tone.

"Oh no, why'd I have to get stuck with her." mumbled Ino.

Tenten sighed, "Somehow I knew that something like this would happen."

"Well it can't be all bad," pointed out Hinata. "at least they're not yelling."

"Just wait a mi...." began Tenten who was interrupted by...... Sakura and Ino yelling at each other about having to share the same bunkbed.

The room was rather simplistic, it had two doors, one front, one back, a small bathroom, a few small shelves, and two large bunkbeds.

"Let's not argue, you two." spoke Hinata, but her words never reached either target.

Tenten gave another sigh, "It's probably best just to leave them alone, besides we don't want to miss the opening ceremony."

Hinata climbed down from her bunk, "Right, I almost forgot about the opening ceremony."

Tenten and Hinata left for the opening ceremony and left Sakura and Ino to continue their quarrel.

###

Ten Minutes Later

###

At the opening ceremony, everyone managed to attend, even Sakura and Ino who managed to stop arguing long enough to get to the ceremony. The ceremony itself consisted mostly of the rules, daily procedures, and other aspects of the camp explained. It was concluded with the ninja being told that their instructor would meet with them in the morning, and that the training would start then. Until then, the ninja had the rest of the day to themselves as long as they avoided areas marked "Restricted" and did not leave the camp grounds.

Chapter 3

The next morning, the girls had just enough time to wake up and get dressed before they heard a knocking on the door.

Sakura ran to the door, "I'm coming!"

She opened it to reveal Yukayo from the previous day.

"Hello," Yukayo greeted, "it turns out that I was assigned to your dorm!"

"Hello," said Hinata.

"So I would assume that makes you our sensei?" asked Tenten, "I'm glad to meet you!"

"Yup, I'll be like a big sister to you for three whole months!" Yukayo responded as she took of her mask to reveal her face. She had short, blonde, almost white, hair, blue eyes, and couldn't be older than eighteen years old!

"Hey Sakura, are you sure that she's a member of ANBU?" Ino whispered into Sakura's ear. "She seems a bit... young."

"Why are you asking me?" Sakura answered, "Anyway, I highly doubt that the ANBU would make a mistake, let's just take her word for it."

"OK." Ino whispered.

"Anyways," continued Yukayo, "we'll start your training today, so if everyone's ready, let's go!"

With that, Yukayo left the dorm room with Sakura, Ino, Hinata, and Tenten following.

###

The day's training went pretty smoothly, and before the girls realized it, it was time to return to their dorms.

"Well that wasn't so bad." admitted Ino as the group neared the dorm.

"Yeah, plus, we come out as stronger ninja." added Hinata.

"Just one th... thing th.. th..."

Tenten couldn't finish her sentence, however, as, just then, a very large earthquake hit. The girls tried to move but soon the ground seemed to cave it and all four girls fell into the whole that was created by it. When they hit the bottom, the earthquake continued on and the wall fell over on top of the girls. Soon after, the earthquake stopped.

"Is everyone alright?" asked Sakura.

"Yeah, but my arms and legs are trapped under the rubble." replyed Tenten.

"I'm okay, but I can't move my arms and legs, they're trapped." Hinata replyed.

"My arms are free, but I can't get my legs unstuck and I can't lift the rocks." said Ino who was sitting right next to Hinata.

"I guess, we'll just have to wait for rescue..." Sakura sighed.

All four girls were trapped, underground, but they didn't need to worry, the ANBU would find them soon enough, or so they thought.....

Chapter 4

The girls waited for nearly an hour down in the hole that they had fallen into.

"When are are we getting rescued?" Ino complained in an impatiant tone. "We've been waiting down here forever!"

"They should be here soon," comforted Sakura. "They're probably tending to others right now, it WAS a pretty big quake you know."

"Yeah, but surely they could have found us by now!" Ino replyed.

"Don't worry, I'm sure that they're on the way!" Hinata assured.

"Yeah, they ARE ANBU ya' know." Tenten followed.

Ino sighed, "Whatever, I just they DO come soon."

About five minutes passed when Sakura suddenly started squirming around as if in great discomfort.

Tenten looked concerned, "What's wrong Sakura?!"

"I... I... I h.. have to use the bathroom." Sakura answered as her face turned red.

"Oh... well.. um.. just try to hold it, I'm sure that we'll be rescued soon." said Tenten.

"I hope so..." Sakura mumbled.

A few more minutes passed and Sakura continued to struggle but eventually she could hold it no longer and a large load of smelly, messy poo found its way into Sakura's panties. Sakura's face turned red with embarassment.

"This feels so gross!" Sakura thought as she began to cry.

Ino noticed that Sakura had stopped squirming around and from the smell realized that Sakura had actually pooped in her pants. She chuckled, "Did little Sakura have an accident?"

Tenten gave Ino an angry look, "Can it Ino, if you'd been in her possition the same thing would have happened to you!"

"Yeah right, I would never mess my pants!" Ino responded.

Tenten simply rolled her eyes before trying to comfort Sakura...

###

Another ten minutes passed and the girls soon noticed that Hinata was squirming around like Sakura was earlier.

"Not you too Hinata?" Tenten asked.

Hinata simply turned her head as she continued to struggle and after a while, Hinata stopped moving and her face turned scarlet. She didn't say anything, she didn't need to; the smell made it very obvious that she had just completely messed her pants.

"I hope rescue comes soon, otherwise we'll all be messing our pants." Tenten thought.

Hinata kept silent, not at her embarrassment, but because... she was amazed at how good the poo felt on her bottom. Not to mention that... she didn't feel the slightest bit disgusted, the mushy warmness actually made her feel... happy, but she would never admit this to anyone, ever...

###

About twenty minutes passed before Ino got a familiar feeling in her lower waist.

"Oh no, this CAN'T be happening!" she thought.

Ino did not want the others to know that she had to go so she sat still and tried to hold it in. The plan did not work very well and soon she had a firm load of poop in her pants. She just sat there, her face as red as red can be, thinking about how disgusting it felt to poop in her pants.

Tenten noticed Ino's cheeks change color, "So now you've had an accident, eh Ino?"

"Sh... shut up!" Ino bursted.

"Well you deserved it for making fun of Sakura." Tenten pointed out. "Besides... it can't be that bad, can it?"

"It feels terrible!" Ino described.

Tenten stayed quiet, now she had to go to the bathroom...

###

A few more minutes passed and Tenten was now moving around in her seat trying to avoid messing herself.

Ino sighed, "Just go in your pants Tenten, it's not like we'll be rescued anytime soon."

Everyone stared at Ino in disbelief, had she really just encouraged Tenten to poop in her pants?

"What? She'll feel better sooner, I'm just trying to help!" Ino said in her own defense.

"Well.... you can't just tell her to poop her pants like that!" spoke Sakura, "We..."

"It's alright Sakura, Ino's right.." Tenten admitted as she slowly stopped squirming and pushed the poop into her pants. At first Tenten felt disgusted, but after a minute or two she realized that it didn't feel so bad after all. It wasn't terrible like Ino had said. She mushed it around a bit, ignoring the scent.

Chapter 5

"You done yet Hinata?" Ino asked as Hinata peed in her pants and caused a puddle to spread all the way to Ino's feet.

When Ino noticed that the puddle had stopped spreading, she began to soak her pants.

"When are we getting rescued?!" Ino complained.

"They can't be far away," Tenten assured, "but... they ARE taking a bit too long. I wonder what's holding them."

Almost half an hour had passed since the girls had all messed themselves and now all four of them and completly soaked their pants. All they wanted now, was to get out. It was not long after that, however, that the ground began to tremble, again.

"T...t.. two in o... one d.. day?" Tenten gasped in surprise.

The earthquake did not last long, but when it was over, Ino realized that her legs were free and that she could move. She then stood up and freed the other three girls.

"Finally, we can get out of here!" Ino celebrated with triumph.

Before the ninja could even begin to walk up the wall, however, the earth once again began to shake!

"A... aftershock!" Sakura gasped.

The aftershock, however, was the least of their worries. Another wall of the cave, weakened by the original quake, had begun to collapse. All four girls stumbled towards a tunnel next to where Hinata was sitting and wound up having to make a dive for it. They made it, but Sakura and Ino both landed on their bottoms thus squishing the poo all over their butts, something that they were both trying to prevent. Nobody said a word and the four ninja got up and began looking for a way out of the tunnel. They searched for what felt like hours and eventually they found a staircase leading to the surface. When the girls got out, they were in the forest and in the distance could see lights.

"That must be the camp." Ino pointed out.

Sakura began to walk towards the lights, "Yeah, let's go."

Eventually all four girls had found their dorm, but something was off. The lights were on, but... all four of the knew that they had left them all off when they went training that morning. It could only mean one thing! Someone was inside! The girls, not wanting to get caught in their predicament, snuck around to the back and looked through the window. Sure enough, a lone member of ANBU was standing in the room.

"What are we going to do?" Ino whispered to Sakura.

"I don't know, we should probably wait till she leaves." Sakura whispered back.

"Ohhhhh, I wanna' get changed now!" Ino complained in her softest voice.

"Well we can't..."

"Well what do we have here?" the ANBU agent interrupted.

All four girls turned around, shocked at the fact that they had now been caught.

"Had a little accident, huh?" the agent said when she noticed the bulges in their pants and the wets spots on the front of their pants. "We don't tolorate this kind of thing. Ninja do not have accidents!"

"Wait," Sakura bursted, "we were trapped in that hole over there and couldn't get out. We had no choice!"

"Don't give me that! We checked that hole and no one was found!" informed the agent, "I bet you all did this just to make us mad!"

"What! That's crazy!" yelled Ino, "We would never..."

"Yeah right! Now... you girls are going to be punished for this," the agent spoke, "but that'll have to wait until in the morning, for now, you're going to go straight to bed, without changing yourselves!"

Ino was shocked, "B.. but..."

"No buts! Go straight to bed NOW!" the agent shouted.

The girls, shocked but scared, did as they were told and walked into their dorm.

"I can't believe this," Ino mumbled.

"It won't be that bad Ino." comforted Hinata, "It's only one night."

"Yeah, but...." Ino sighed, "whatever, I just want this to be over with. Good night."

Everyone exchanged "Good night."'s and went to sleep, all in their very wet and messy pants.

Two of them liked it, two of them hated it, but none of them had a choice. All they could do, was wait until the next morning...

Chapter 6

The next morning, Hinata was the first to awaken. She sat up and was soon reminded of the events from the previous day. The next thing Hinata noticed, was that she had to go the bathroom. She hopped out of bed and walked over to the bathroom door. It was locked! Hinata then remembered what the ANBU from the preveous night, she was not to change, but did that mean that she would have to go in her pants again?! Hinata pondered this as she crawled back into bed. Hinata layed there for a few minutes and soon figured that she had no choice and that even if she did mess herself a second time, no one would notice because she'd already gone in her pants once.

Soon, Hinata found herself pushing the firm load into her pants and when it was all over she was shocked. Had she really just pooped in her pants without a second thought? On the previous day she held it in for as long as she could before letting go, this time, she actually laid there and pooped her pants! Not to mention, Hinata liked, nay, LOVED the feeling of having warm, mushy poop in her pants. Was she going crazy? What was causing her to be like this?! All of these questions spun through her head like some sort of tornado. Hinata did not know what was happening to her and she was afraid that all manner of bad things would happen as a result of these things. Hinata soon tried to calm herself down by telling herself that everything would be okay in the end, that when these three months in camp were over, she would be back to normal.

Hinata's thoughts, however, were soon interrupted by a loud knocking on the door.

"Open up!" came a voice from the other side of the door that Hinata recognized as the ANBU agent from the prevous day.

Tenten, who was woken up by the agent's knocking got up and opened the door, still wiping the sleep from her eyes.

"Alright, up-an-at-em!" the agent roared, "You girls are coming with me!"

"Wha.." mumbled a very sleepy Ino.

"GET UP!" the agent shouted.

Sakura and Ino practically lept out of their beds at this and were at the door in a flash.

"Pack your bags, and make it quick!" the agent commanded.

The girls decided that it would be best just to do what the agent said, she obviously was not the type you would want to argue with.

"Are all of you finished? Good! Now follow me!"

The ANBU agent then used some sort of teleportation jutsu on herself and the girls and soon they were in an office of some sort.

"Alright, you're dismissed Junna." came a voice from the other side of the room.

The girls turned around to see a woman in her mid-thirties with light brown hair, light blue eyes, and breasts that rivaled Tsunade's. She had a serious look on her face and one look at her could tell you that she was a person of great importance.

"Very well," Junna said in a monotone voice before walking out the door.

"I bet... that you girls are wondering why you are here." the woman began. "My name is Chima, I am head of the diciplinary committee here at this camp. From what I've been told, you girls have acted in an extreamly immature fashion and as such, you must be punished."

"But..." Sakura interrupted, "we didn't do this on purpose! Yesterday's earthquake trapped us all underground... we had no choice!"

"Nonsense! We checked that very same hole you speak of, and not a single person was there!" Chima explained.

"But.. that's impossible!" bursted Ino, "Do you really think that we would mess in our pants on PURPOSE?!"

"No buts!" Chima exclaimed, "You will accept your punishment and there is no way out of it! Now... for your punishment.... there is an underground facility here at camp where we send delinquents like yoursleves. You are to spend the rest of your stay there. No if's and's or but's."

Chima stood up and walked over to the four girls. "Now, you all will come with me."

Chima used the same teleportation jutsu that Junna had used earlier and they found themselves in a long hallway with doors lining both sides and a bench inbetween several doors. The girls could only wonder what was coming next.

"Now we wait..." Chima said sitting down on one of the benches, but before the other girls could sit, they heard footsteps coming down the hall.... What could happen next?

Chapter 7

All four girls turned around to see four ANBU ninja walking towards them. None of them were wearing masks and Sakura recognized two of them as Junna, the one who brought her to camp, and Yukayo. The other two girls were a mystery to Sakura, one was a tall, slim woman with dark blonde hair and bright green eyes, the other was a small, petite woman with hair as white as snow and deep blue eyes.

When they made it to where the girls were standing, Chima nodded her head and paired each ANBU with one of the girls. Sakura with Junna, Ino with the blonde haired woman, Hinata with Yukayo, and Tenten with the woman with white hair. Afterwards, Chima walked away and the four ANBU ninja led their respective kunoichi into one of the rooms on the hallway that they were standing in.

###

Sakura

###

Sakura and Junna walked in and as Junna locked the door Sakura observed the room. There was almost nothing in the room, there was a large table in the middle of the room a couple of benches on the walls and a door on the other side of the room. The walls were bare.

Junna pointed to the nearest bench, "Sit down please."

Sakura hesitated for sitting down meant squishing the poo in her pants around (well, more than it already was), but Sakura figured that she had no choice and sat down anyway.

"Now, do you have to use the bathroom?" Junna asked.

"Y.. yes." Sakura answered, "I need to go."

"Go in your pants." said Junna.

"What?" Sakura blurted, was she really asking her to go in her pants?

"Go in your pants!" Junna commanded.

"B..but..."

"No buts! Do it!" Junna was almost yelling.

Sakura didn't know what to say she just sat there for a bit before finally flooding her pants a second time.

"Good, now you can change." offered Junna.

"Really?!" Sakura exclaimed.

"Really." Junna responed, "I'll even do it for you, just get up here." Junna motioned towards the table in the middle of the room.

Sakura did as she was told as she was quite anxious to finally get these soiled panties off. After Sakura got onto the table Junna pulled Sakura's pants off followed by her messy panties.

"My my, you certaintly are messy Sakura." Junna teased as she wiped Sakura's bottom.

Sakura was slightly embarassed that she was being changed by a full grown woman but at the same time... she didn't care. She was just glad to have gotten those panties off! This did not last long, however, as she soon felt Junna putting something on her that she hadn't felt in years. It was a large, white diaper!

"Wh.. what are you doing?!" Sakura gasped.

"All will be explained soon enough!" Junna smiled as she fastened the tapes and slid a new pair of pants onto Sakura's diapered bottom.

Sakura was speechless, was she really wearing a diaper? Why was Junna doing this to her? Why?

###

Ino

###

Ino and the blonde haired woman walked into the room, identical to the one Sakura and Junna were in, and the woman locked the door.

"Name's Harue, what's yours?" the woman asked in a nonchalant tone.

"Ino." Ino mumbled.

"OK Ino, sit down in that bench over there." Harue ordered.

"What? No, I'm not doing that!" Ino resisted.

"Sit!" Harue yelled.

"No way!" Ino shot back.

Harue simply walked over to Ino and shoved her into the bench. "Now, tell me, do you have to use the bathroom?" Harue said in an impatient tone.

"Yeah, you're letting me..."

"Use your pants." Harue commanded.

"Heck no!" Ino bursted, "I'm not doing it twice!"

"You will go in your pants!" ordered Harue, "The sooner you go, the sooner we can get you changed."

At this statement Ino seemed happy and was soon pushing a large load of poo into her pants.

"Alright," Harue sighed as she checked Ino's pants to make sure that she really did go in her pants, "No let's hurry up and get you changed, just get up here already." Harue motioned to the table in the middle of the room.

Ino did as she was told and Harue repeated the same changing procedure as Junna did. Harue then began to slide the diaper under Ino, "Don't worry, we'll explain later." Harue explained before Ino had the chance to complain. After Harue fastened the tapes and put her, Ino's face turned red and the two walked towards the same door that they used to enter the room.

###

Hinata

###

Yukayo and Hinata entered another room with the same layout as the last two.

"So Hinata, I see we've had an accident." Yukayo smiled.

Hinata turned red at this statement.

"Don't worry, everyone has accidents." Yukayo encouraged. "So tell me.... do you have to go to the bathroom now?"

Hinata simply shook her head.

"Hmmm... OK!" Yukayo walked behind Hinata and checked her pants. "So you've messied your pants twice without changing! Tell me, do you like pooping your pants?"

Hinata just stood there, she had no idea what to say. She didn't want to tell the truth but she didn't want to lie either.

"Don't worry, I won't judge you." Yukayo comforted in hopes of getting a truthful answer.

Hinata closed her eyes and mumbled, "Yes."

Yukayo grinned, "Cool! I love pooping my panties too!" Yukayo then pulled her robe up to reveal that she was wearing a thick diaper and from the way it was sagging, she was in need of a change. Hinata was shocked by this, why was Yukayo wearing a diaper?

"Sit down." Yukayo requested as she sat down on one of the nearby benches.

"....Okay." Hinata mumbled as she sat down poo mushed everywhere on her bottom and out of her panties and into her pants. Hinata's face turned red again.

"Doesn't that feel good?" Yukayo asked closing her eyes. "I'm sorry to say it Hinata, but I have to get you changed now.... I have to put you into a diaper..."

Hinata was shocked by this statement. Diaper?! Why did she have to wear a diaper?!

Yukayo stood up, "Lay up here." Yukayo motioned towards the changing table.

Hinata did as she was told, albeit slowly. She didn't want to get changed, she still loved the feeling of her messy pants.

"Don't worry, being diapered isn't that bad." Yukayo comforted as she slid Hinata's pants off. "Oh my, you're just plain filthy girl!" Yukayo teased.

Yukayo took off Hinata's panties and cleaned her up before putting her in a diaper and pulling a spare pair of pants out of Hinata's bag. Yukayo then proceeded to put Hinata's pants on for her and Hinata stood up.

Hinata didn't entirely hate being diapered, the diaper was comfortable around her bottom and it was quite soft.

"Alright, let's go!" Yukayo motioned Hinata towards the door.

###

Tenten

###

Tenten and the white haired woman walked into another room that was a carbon copy of the other three.

"Hello, my name's Fuyuki, yours?" the woman asked.

"I'm Tenten, nice to meet you!" Tenten smiled.

"Nice to meet you too.... Now, do you have to use the restroom?" Fuyuki asked.

"Yeah, I don't have to go in my pants again do I?" Tenten asked.

"I'm sorry, but... please go in your pants." Fuyuki requested.

"It's alright," Tenten sighed as she soaked her pants. As the warm wetness ran down her legs, Tenten secretly admitted to liking it, but she did not want anyone else to know, it was such an embarassing thing to like after all.

"OK, now get upon that table there, I'll change you." pointed Fuyuki.

"Alright." Tenten did as she was told and laid down on the table to await changing.

Fuyuki changed Tenten in a surprising swift manner and soon had a diaper out and was putting it on Tenten.

"Wh.. what? A diaper?! Why?!" asked Tenten.

"Don't worry, things will be made clear soon." Fuyuki answered.

Tenten, now well padded, got up off of the table and the two walked out of the door.

Chapter 8

The four girls and their ANBU partners exited the changing rooms at about the same time, all of them red with embarassment.

"You too huh?" Ino sighed when she noticed that Sakura, Hinata, and Tenten were also diapered.

The other girls simply gave a nod or "Uh huh."

"Alright, we better get going." Junna motioned as she started walking away. Everyone followed her to a door on the far end of the hall. She pulled open the door and led everyone in.

The room was surprisingly bright and cheery when compared the the cave-like corridor from before. The walls were painted a light yellow color and there were three doors, same shade of yellow, on each wall. In the middle there were several chairs arranged in rows of five. In front of them all was a large, wooden chair, and in it, sat Chima waiting patiently for the girls to sit down.

The girls quietly sat down in chairs and Chima began to speak, "You girls are probably wondering why you have been brought here.... and why you have been put into diapers." There was a pause. "You four have committed an act of extreame immaturity, you purposely soiled your pants for your own amusement. Things like this cannot be tolerated here and as such you have been sentenced to spend the rest of your stay here. Here, in this... underground camp, so-to-speak, you will be diapered 24/7 and babied by your caretaker, the lovely women that changed you earlier. Yes you will be using your diapers and you will be changed as your caretaker sees fit. You will, however, be allowed to eat regular food but you will still be fed by your caretaker.

You can wear your regular clothing unless your caretaker says otherwise. You are not allowed to change yourselves, you are not allowed to enter restricted areas." Chima then proceeded to list off the rest of the rules. Most of it was basic stuff such as "do not start fights" and other obvious things like that. Strangely enough, punishments were not so much as mentioned. "...Now you will be escourted to your rooms. It is still only mid-afternoon so I suggest that you spend the rest of the day getting settled in. By the way, I almost forgot to mention that your stay here has been increased by one month. Your parents have been told that you are opting for a special elite class. This is part of your punishment, do not object.... You are dissmissed!"

The four girls were led by their caretakers out of the room, Ino and Harue went left, Sakura and Junna went right, and Tenten, Hinata, Yukayo, and Fuyuki took the door behind Chima.

###

Ino & Harue

###

Harue led Ino down a hallway that branched off into other hallways and had rooms all along it. Eventually they reached a door marked "Baby Ino" and stopped. Harue opened the door and the two entered.

Inside was a medium-sized room with a small bed, and a few other basic pieces of furniture in it. The walls were painted a dark shade of blue, something that Ino liked, there were no windows, and there was a box of changing supplies halfway shoved under the bed. The only unusual thing in the room, was the large black dome at the top. Ino could not figure out what it was, but she did not care. She only wanted this trip to be over with.

"This is your room." Harue explained. "You can have the rest of the day to yourself, just be in bed by midnight." Harue simply walked out of the room and headed for who knows where.

Ino began unpacking her bags hoping that this camp wouldn't be as bad as she thought it would be...

###

Sakura & Junna

###

Sakura and Junna walked down a long narrow hallway. It branched off in several places and had doors all along it on both sides. They did not go far before they reached a door marked "Baby Sakura".

"This is it!" Junna announced.

Junna opened the door and the two walked in. Sakura's room was nice, the walls were painted pink and had cherry blossoms painted onto the walls. There was a small bed to the side, and a few other basic pieces of furniture. Like Ino's room, there was also a large black dome on the ceiling.

"This is where you'll be staying." explained Junna, "I tried to make it feel comfortable. Need any help unpacking your bags?"

"No thank you." Sakura replyed.

"Then I guess I'll be leaving." Junna smiled, "I'll be back to check on you later, until then you can do whatever you want!"

"Alright," Sakura responded, "I'll probably stay here though, don't want to get lost!"

"Right!" Junna walked out the door and left Sakura to unpack her things.

###

Tenten & Fuyuki

###

Tenten, Fukyuki, Hinata, and Yukayo walked into a room that was almost identical to the preveous room only there were no chairs and the door to the right was quite large, made of steel, and was clearly locked.

"What's behind that door?" Tenten pointed to the large steel door.

"That's where bad girls are sent to." Yukayo answered, "If you break the rules then they lock you up!"

The girls continued on through the door directly accross from where they were standing.

"I see... have you ever been locked up?" Tenten asked. "Out of curiosity, I mean!"

"Once." Yukayo answered, "It wasn't all bad... it was actually kind of fun..."

"Hmm... What about you, Fuyuki was it?" Tenten inquired.

"I've been behind that door but never because I had broken the rules." Fukuki answered in an almost... monotone voice.

Soon the girls reached a fork in the hallway, Tenten and Fuyuki took the left path, Hinata and Yukayo took the right one. Tenten and Fuyuki walked for quite a while before they reached a room labeled "Baby Tenten" and entered.

The room was painted light green, had the same basic furniture as the other rooms, and, of course, a large black dome on the ceiling.

"This will be your room." Fuyuki spoke. "You will find everything you will need in here. Shall I help you with your things?"

"No thanks." Tenten denied.

"Very well, I shall be leaving. You may have the rest of the day to yourself, but you are required in bed by twelve PM."

"Okay." Tenten replyed as she unpacked her things and Fuyuki exited the room.

###

Hinata & Yukayo

###

"This is going to be great!" Yukayo exclaimed as she and Hinata walked down the hall. "I can't wait!"

"...This might not be so bad..." Hinata thought to herself, "Being in a diaper's not so bad..."

After a while the two reached their destination, a door marked "Baby Hinata & Baby Yukayo". The two walked into their room.

"I had us put into a doubles room!" Yukayo excited, "Isn't it great?"

"Yes, at least I won't be alone all the time." Hinata mumbled.

The room was rather large, it had a large, probably about queen sized, bed on the left, a table, and two sets of the same ordinary furniture found in the other girls' rooms. The rooms were as white as snow and had pictures of various animals painted on them. One other thing of not was... there was no mysterious black dome at the top, the ceiling had the usual lights but no dome.

"Well, this'll be our home for a few wonderful months!" Yukayo squealed with excitement, "Need help unpacking your things?"

Hinata replyed by mumbling a simple "No." but Yukayo helped anyway.

Now all four girls had their rooms, they spent the rest of the day in their rooms and eventually went to sleep. Things would begin to pick up in the morning...

Chapter 9

Sakura woke up and sat up on her bed. Her diaper crinckled and she was soon reminded of the previous day. She was unaware of what to do in the morning, so she thought it best to wait for Junna, or someone else, to come in. She had a need to go to the bathroom, but she decided to wait, just incase Junna allowed her to go properly. As if on cue, Junna walked in at just that moment.

"Good morning!" Junna greeted.

"Good morning." Sakura replyed.

Junna smiled, "Ready for breakfast?"

"Yeah, I guess." Sakura shifted around in her seat uncomfortably. She did not no what to expect when Junna said breakfast.

"Alright..." Sakura stood up and followed Junna out the door.

Junna took Sakura down the hallway and to a large double door marked "Cafeteria". The two walked in. The cafeteria was a large room with the walls painted yellow, the same shade of yellow used in the rest of this.... "camp". Tables both small and large were scattered around the room. Most of them were filled with girls, all in diapers, eating and chatting with each other. On the far side of the room was a window with a single lady handing trays with food out.

"Shall we get in line?" Junna motioned.

Sakura was relieved, at least she could eat normal food here. "OK." Sakura answered as she walked to the back of the line.

Sakura and Junna both picked up their lunch treys, "Alright Sakura, I'll be back later." Junna spoke as she walked off towards a blank door next to where the breakfast line started.

Sakura then began to look for a place to sit when she soon saw Ino waving to her from the other side of the room. Hinata and Tenten were sitting with her too.

"Hi!" Sakura greeted as she sat down at the table her friends were at.

"Morning!" Tenten smiled.

"So..." Sakura began, "does anyone know what's going to happen to us today?"

"I dunno' but it can't get worse than this." Ino complained.

"That's not true," Hinata commented, "diapers aren't so bad... it could be worse!"

"Trust me Hinata, it doesn't get worse than this!" claimed Ino.

"She's already dirtied her diaper this morning." Tenten explained, "Her caretaker, Harue I think her name was, refuses to change her."

"You're one to talk, stinky." Ino pointed out in reference to the fact that Tenten had also dirtied her diaper that morning.

"It's not that bad," Tenten admitted, "Hinata's right, it COULD be worse."

Sakura sighed as she wet her diaper, "I guess we'll just have to get used to it. We don't really have much of a choice."

The girls talked until they all finished their meals and their caretakers came for them. The four girls and their caretakers exited the room before parting ways.

"Where are we going next?" Sakura asked.

"Well first I'm going to check your diaper." Junna answered.

"Right here in the hall?!" Sakura exclaimed.

"Yes, it won't take a second, now come here." Junna pulled Sakura to her and checked her diaper. Sakura's face turned red, "You're a little wet," said Junna, "but not quite ready to be changed."

Sakura sighed, she had hoped that Junna would at least change her everytime she used her diaper. It seems that she was mistaken.

"Alright let's go." Junna motioned.

Junna led Sakura to another double door, not very far from the cafeteria, marked "Playroom". The two walked in and Sakura was amazed at what was on the other side. The room that they had entered was huge! It was easily the largest single room that Sakura had ever seen and on all sides were doors leading to who knows where. Another thing, the room was filled with many diapered girls whom Sakura assumed, was in the same predicament that she was in.

"This is where you will spend most of your days Sakura." Junna explained, "You can talk, play, do whatever, just as long as it doesn't break the rules. Also, these doors surrounding the room all lead to smaller playrooms. You can enter and exit these rooms as you please but you are not allowed to leave the playroom area without my permission. You are also not allowed to enter that door over there without my permission." Junna pointed to a door marked "Changing Rooms", "you are also not allowed to enter that door over there without my permission either." Junna pointed to a different room on the other side of the Playroom marked "Caretakers and Adults Only!", "Got all that?"

"Alright," Sakura acknowledged."

"Okay, then I guess I'll be seeing you later, if you need me then knock on the 'Adults Only' door, alright?" Junna finished.

Sakura nodded and Junna walked off towards the "Adults Only" door.

Sakura turned her head and saw Tenten approaching her from one of the many rooms surrounding the central playroom. Sakura ran over to her.

"Hey Sakura, have you seen Ino or Hinata?" Tenten inquired.

"No, but they're probably in here though.... somewhere." Sakura responded.

"Oh well, you want to go somewhere and talk?" Tenten offered.

"Sure, why not." Sakura followed Tenten into one of the smaller rooms surrounding the main room.

The room was small and decorated in a chilish manner with bean-bag seats, animals painted on the walls, a rainbow colored carpet.

"Have a seat." Tenten motioned as she plopped down in one of the bean-bag seats.

Sakura sat down in one of the bean-bag seats next to Tenten and they began to talk. The conversation was cut short, however, when a young girl, about fifteen or sixteen years old, interrupted. She had hair that was dyed a dark shade of pink and was worn in pigtails that drooped down to her shoulders. She was short and petite and wore a dark blue jacket worn open with a bright red tube top underneath. Her headband was worn backwards around her neck and she had dark, brown eyes. She wore no pants, just a diaper.

"I haven't seen you girls around, you new?" the girl spoke as she sat down next to Sakura. When the girls nodded, she continued, "I'm Amy, head honcho around here. You'd best learn to respect me or else there will be consequences."

"Ummm.... okay." Tenten replyed, "It's nice to meet you Amy."

"Hello." Sakura greeted.

"Well, now that we're acquainted, I want you to know that... damn it! Wait a minute, Kishiko! Come 'er!"

A short, chubby woman with long black hair walked over from the corner of the room, "Yes, what can I do for you Amy?"

"I need to be changed, now!" Amy ordered.

"Yes ma'am." the woman replyed before picking Amy up and carrying her out of the room.

Another girl walked over to Sakura and Tenten, she looked identical to Amy only her hair was longer and was dyed blonde instead of pink. She wore a simple, two piece ruqun that was colored white and a dark shade of red. Her headband was wrapped around her right arm and without it no one would have guessed that she was a ninja as she did not look the part.

"Hello, my name is Mariko. I hope my sister didn't cause you too much trouble. She tends to be bossy around other people and sadly her caretaker lacks self-esteem and is easily controlled." the girl explained.

"It's alright." Tenten comforted.

"Okay then, I just wanted to introduce myself and..."

Suddenly the door opened and a woman walked through. She had thick, black hair that was worn short and was unusually tall for a woman. The woman waved to Mariko and walked behind her.

"This is Kofuyu, my caretaker." introduced Mariko as the woman checked Mariko's diaper.

Kofuyu whispered something into Mariko's ear and Mariko nodded her head.

"Alright, I have to go get changed, I'll be right back." Mariko waved as she left the room with her caretaker.

"Well at least we're not going to have a shortage of people to talk to." Sakura pointed out. "This might not be so bad."

"Yeah, you're right, who knows, we might even have fun." Tenten admitted.

###

Meanwhile, as Sakura and Tenten made new friends in the playroom, Ino was sitting alone in another branch room at the far edge of the playroom. The rooms were not normally empty but Ino considered herself lucky that she was alone.

"I can't take this anymore!" Ino thought to herself as she finished wetting her diaper. "I want to be changed now!"

Ino had been sitting in her messy diaper since she woke up that morning and Harue still refused to change her. Ino suddenly stood up, she was going to go ask Harue one more time if she would change her. She walked out of the side room and over to the "Adults Only" door and knocked. A woman opened and Ino asked to see Harue.

"What is it?!" Harue asked impatiently.

"Can I PLEASE get changed now?" Ino begged.

"No." Harue denied and walked back into the room slamming the door behind her.

"That's it, I'm changing myself, I don't care if it's against the rules or not!" Ino schemed in her head.

She snuck over to the door marked "Changing Rooms and let herself in. Inside was a hallway with several doors on the side. Ino picked one of the rooms that wasn't occupied and entered. Inside was a changing room identical to the one the girls were in after being diapered for the first time. Ino opened a shelf under the changing table and found some changing supplies in it. She grabbed a diaper and some wipes and hopped up on the changing table. She took off her pants and began to slide off her messy diaper, but just at that moment, the door began to open. Ino froze, for she had been caught

"Well what do we have here?" came the familiar voice of Ino's caretaker, Harue. "You just couldn't wait to get changed could you?"

Ino just laid there, on the changing table, dumbfounded and at a loss for words.

Harue sighed, "I'm about tired of dealing with you damn it, and now that you've broken the rules I have to punish you!"

Harue walked over to Ino and slid her messy diaper back on. Ino was disgusted all over again when the poo made contact with her butt but she was helpless to stop her caretaker. Harue put Ino's pants back on for her and picked her up in her arms. Harue carried a defeated Ino out of the room and down the twisting hallways that composed the underground complex that made up this "camp" until they reached the room with the large steel door from the day the girls were inducted into camp.

"Wh... what are you going to do to me?" Ino stuttered.

"Normally we caretakers are supposed to give a light punishment for a first offense," Harue answered, "but I'm tired of dealing with you so I'm locking you up here."

Ino gave a scared look.

"I'll put you in here for.... oh how about the rest of today and most of tomorrow?" Harue thought out loud.

Harue pulled a key out of her robe and unlocked the large steel door. Inside there was an average sized room, it had dark, dreary walls with no real features on them, the same went for the ceiling, but the floor had a large, deep shaft with several large tags placed around the edges. There was a small amount of light coming from the bottom of the hole but other than that the room was completely dark.

Harue walked, Ino still in her arms, towards the pit, "Let me explain you punishment... Ino. You will be kept at the bottom of this pit with the other delinquents until I personally come to bring you out. Your diaper will not be changed while down there but you will be fed by a caretaker stationed at the bottom. Other than that, you do what the caretaker tells you to, otherwise you will recieve severe punishment."

"They have punishments more severe than this?!" Ino thought to herself, "I just want to get out of this hell hole!"

"One more thing, don't try to escape. It won't work. These tags on the sides of the pit supress chakra on a massive scale, even ANBU agents can barely walk up walls with these seals in place." Harue warned as she carried Ino down into the pit.

As they decended, Ino noticed several other girls sitting around the edges of the pit. When they got to the bottom Ino noticed a short hallway with three doors at the end, one marked "Cafeteria Access", another marked "RESTRICTED", and a third marked "Baby Kokiko." There was a woman standing in the hallway facing out. She had long white hair, dark green eyes, she looked quite similar to Fuyuki, but she also looked to be a little younger than Yukayo.

A long, white ANBU robe flowed down the woman's petite, slender body. Ino could only guess that she, like everyone else in this Godforsaken "camp", was wearing a diaper and from the smell, was in need of a change. The smell coming from the woman reminded Ino of something unusual, she had been in a messy diaper all day and yet, it did not smell bad at all. Not only that, but she had not developed a rash normally associated with wearing dirty or wet diapers for long periods of time. Now that she though about it... she didn't get a rash when she messed herself after falling into a pit during the earthquake even though it smelled absolutely terrible. Ino was puzzled by this but her thoughts were soon interrupted by the woman with white hair's words.

"Is she here to do time?" the woman asked in the softest, most delicate voice Ino had ever heard.

"Yeah," Harue answered, "I'll be leaving this brat with you, Kokiko."

Harue sat Ino down on the ground and proceeded to walk back up the wall.

"So what's your name?" inquried Kokiko.

"Ino." the young kunoichi muttered.

"Alright Baby Ino, I'll be your caretaker until Harue comes back for you." Kokiko smiled. "My name's Baby Kokiko, don't worry things aren't so bad here! There's never a dull moment down here!"

Ino almost rolled her eyes, but caught herself and stopped, everyone in the room except for herself and Kokiko looked as though they were on death row. Only two of them didn't have their head down in their arms. One was a short-haired red-head dressed in nothing but a raddy looking shirt and a diaper that had clearly leaked and was almost overflowing with waste. She looked to be about Ino's age, maybe a year or two younger and had a mischievous smirk on her face. The other was a tall, woman who looked completely out of place with a long, almost regal-looking dress that was a deep green with silk bows tied around her waist, and her dark blond hair was worn in long pigtails that went down almost to her waist. They too were tied with ribbons of fine silk. Neither of the girls even remotely resembled ninja, but Ino did not care she just wanted to leave this place!

Ino did not really know what to do so she crawled over to the wall next to the red-headed girl and laid back, she had been trying all day not to sit in her mess and had been very successful. Just as she was about to sit down, however, the red-head grabbed Ino and used her hand to squish the poo in her diaper all around inside Ino's diaper. The girl then lept up and ran to the other side of the room. Ino was disgusted and confused at the same time, why had she done that?

"If you keep this up then you will not be leaving anytime soon!" sighed Kokiko as she grabbed the girl, "I'm sorry Baby Ino, you'll have to excuse Baby Koyumi here. She's a bit of a troublemaker I'm afraid."

Ino began to stand, she was going to give Koyumi a piece of her mind!

"I wouldn't waste my time with a pathetic street urchin like her." the tall woman in the dress spoke.

"Street urchin?" Ino quizzed.

Kokiko sighed... again, "Little Koyumi here was picked up off the streets. You see there was a time a while back were we had a drastic shortage of members here at camp. We offered kids, just like Koyumi, a home and food if they agreed to spend the rest of their childhood and teenage years here... most of them accepted and our numbers grew. We were, and still are, one big happy family!"

The tall girl rolled her eyes, "Bah. You shouldn't waste diapers on worthless kids who can't even fend for themselves. I say just kick them all out and let them starve."

"And that's why you keep getting sent down here, Baby Anii," said Kokiko, "just because you're wealthy does not mean that you can have your way one-hundred percent of the time!"

"Whatever," Anii spoke as if she didn't hear a word Kokiko had said, "just watch, in a few months I'll be a caretaker and you won't be able to punish me for anything I do or say!"

This whole conversation only got a few of the kids sitting around the room to look up, none gave a verbal response, and some didn't even so much as move. It was quite gloomy inside the bowels of the pit. Pits, pits, pits! Why was Ino always getting stuck in pits? She now wanted nothing more than for this trip to be over, she sat next to the wall and braced herself for what was to come, these thoughts and more running through her head. She began to soak her diaper as a sign that she had given up and was ready for anything this pit and this camp could through at her, to her, nothing was worse than the predicament she was in now...

Chapter 11

Ino sat in silence with the other girls at the bottom of the pit. No one else made a sound except for Kokiko when she talked to some of the other girls every so often and Koyumi who was up to whatever mischevious deeds she could think of without getting caught. From touching other girls inappropiately in order to create awkward situations that were embarassing for the victim, to making other girls soil themselves by scaring them. Koyumi only came for Ino once but promtly got a foot to the face. Ino didn't really kick that hard so little Koyumi wasn't hurt at all. She never came near Anii, in fact Koyumi seemed to avoid Anii for some reason. Of course, Ino could sense that you would not want to get on Anii's bad side.

A few minutes after Ino kicked Koyumi, Anii approached Ino and sat down next to her. "Annoying little bitch isn't she? I believe that she's a homo from the pranks she pulls.... I would never fall for her that's for sure!"

"You're....?!" Ino gasped as she put some distance between herself and Anii.

"Why of course!" Anii answered, "Guys are all creeps and freaks. I would be much happier with any woman that a man!"

"Really? I know some pretty cute boys in Konoha." Ino claimed in reference to Shikamaru, Choji, and, of course, Sasuke.

Anii turned her headband so that the front was visible to Ino. She was from the Sound Village! "Not where I come from! We've got snakes, spiders, and fatties among other freaks."

"I.. I thought that this camp was exclusive to Konoha kunoichi!" Ino exclaimed.

"Let me tell you a little story, Ino." Anii began. "Remember when you were told that this camp was once in desperate need of new members?"

Ino nodded.

"I joined up... the Sound Village is not a good place for a girl like me..."

###

Anii

###

There was once an extremely rich couple who lived on the outskirts of the Land of Sound in a grand mansion that was the best money could buy. The couple one day had a daughter whom they spoiled... and neglected. Eventually the girl was sent to Otogakure in order to be trained as a ninja so that the parents wouldn't have to deal with her. Orochimaru agreed and put her under the leadership of the Sound 4 to be trained and possibly added to the team. The girl, however, had other ideas...

The young girl returned to her room in Otogakure after a particularly hard day of training. She simply laid down on her bed. Soon there was a knocking on the door and, before the girl even had enough time to respond, it opened and in stepped the familiar shape of Kidomaru.

"What do YOU want?" the girl spoke with a glare.

"I came to say that you did a good job today." Kidomaru claimed, "Keep that up for a while and you might catch up to us!"

"Say what?!" the girl gasped, "You mean.... how much training do I still have to do?!"

Kidomaru chuckled, "You have a lot of training to do! As of now you're only about bottom-barrel chunnin level!"

The girl was taken back at this, she was expecting to be done with her training in about a week or two. She had worked so hard for so long, she thought that it had to be nearing the end! To find that she still had "a lot of training to do" was a bit of a shock.

"There's no turning back now... Anii." Kidomaru turned towards the door, "After all, Orochimaru-sama has already placed the cursed seal on you."

With this final statement Kidomaru left and Anii was left alone. She had her curse mark on her right breast, on the right side. It consisted of three perfect circles arranged in the usual triangle pattern. Anii considered herself to be pretty good with her curse seal. Even though she was only "bottom-barrel chunnin level." She could even fully utilize the curse seal's level two!

Anii reached under her bed, but there was nothing there! Anii lept out of her bed and searched the space under her bed frantically. Almost immediately, the door opened and Tayuya stepped in. She was holding a single light blue box that was fairly large, but small enough to fit under Anii's bed. Anii's eyes widened when she noticed the box. She new exactly what was inside.

"Well well, I never expected you of all people to be into something like this!" Tayuya opened the box and showed the familiar contents to Anii. The box contained several diapers as well as some changing supplies and a pacifier.

Anii's face turned scarlet and she turned away. "This CAN'T be happening!" she thought.

"Feh, don't worry, I won't tell anyone damn it!" Tayuya closed the door and walked closer to Anii. "Get up damn it!"

Anii stood up and faced Tayuya, not knowing what to expect. She was shivering somewhat, of course, that was to be expected. She HAD just been caught by one of her superiors!

Tayuya, sensing Anii's extreme uneasiness, flashed the diaper that she was wearing under her shorts. This seemed to make all of Anii's fears about what would happen next vanish into thin air.

"You know, it's kind of nice knowing that there's someone else into diapers besides me in this hell hole Orochimaru created." Tayuya explained, "Are you diapered right now?"

Anii shook her head.

"Well then, let me help." Tayuya smiled with an extremely unusual air of kindness.

Tayuya sat Anii's box on the foor and grabbed a diaper. Then she ordered Anii onto the bed, took her (Anii's) pants off, and diapered her. Anii's face was slightly red the whole time.

"There!" Tayuya smiled as she let Anii put her pants back on.

Then Tayuya grabbed a chair sitting beside a table located in the far corner of the room and sat down. "So... how long have you been into diapers?"

"For quite some time." Anii answered, "I started about a month or so before being sent here. My parents were never home so it was a simple manner to get away with it."

"Ah, I see. I started when I was poisoned by an enemy on a mission. The poison left me temporarilly incontinent. I was forced back into diapers for a while. That... was utter hell. The others refused to stop with those god damn insults... but when it was over, I decided that I liked diapers and diapered myself in secret from time to time." Tayuya explained.

The two Sound ninja continued to talk about being diapered, the fantasies, as well as other things until it neared the time for lights out. Tayuya stood up.

"Um... Anii. Could you change my diaper?" Tayuya requested with scarlet cheeks. "It's only a little bit wet."

"May I ask why? You can change yourself can't you?" Anii smirked.

"I.. I just want to know what it feels like to be changed by someone else." Tayuya answered, her face turning a deeper shade of red. "I diapered your rich girl ass, it's the least you could do..."

"Alright." Anii smiled as Tayuya laid down on her bed.

Anii slid Tayuya's pants off followed by her diaper, which was rolled up and thrown into the trash, and proceeded to re-diaper her.

"Thank you." Tayuya waved as she walked out the door.

As Tayuya left... Anii could tell that they would be friends, but then... she began to plot an escape plan. She never liked Otagakure, and did not wish to live there any longer!

The next day, after training was finished, Tayuya came to visit and Anii began to discuss her plans to escape Orochimaru's country. Tayuya actually agreed, she only pretended to be loyal so that she could live, after all Orochimaru could have her killed at any given second. Tayuya, however, would not be able to take part in the final plan. She was too busy doing missions with the Sound 4.

Almost a month passed, and Anii was ready to put her plan into action. She had worked very hard and by this time was at least mid- or high- chunnin level, mostly thanks to her curse mark, her affinity towards fire-based jutsu (Anii is a natural fire-type.), and the way in which she excells with clone-jutsu, much like a certain Jinchuriki (minus the insane chakra amounts). Orochimaru was planning to invade Konoha soon and Anii was going to be given a faction of the invading force. She planned to use this to her advantage. The plan was simple, she would order her ninja to rush in head first using a single basic clone to regroup with them in a short amount of time. Meanwhile, the real Anii would simply run away into the forest.

On the day of the invasion, Anii put her plan into action. Everything went just as planned and Anii managed to run away into the woods. She soon ran into something quite unexpected, however, she ran into a small group of ANBU and as she tried to run away she tripped and fell. Her box full of diaper supplies fell onto the ground and its contents spilled out. The ANBU stopped and told Anii of an all-girls camp where everyone was in diapers all day, every day. Anii was free to join as they were in desperate need of members, but she could only join on a single condition. She would not be allowed to leave the camp until she was eighteen years old. Anii simply shook her head and agreed to the deal.

###

"....and I've been here ever since." Anii finished.

Ino sat silently for a minute. The fact that there were people who actually enjoyed wearing diapers felt extremely foreign and yet so close all at the same time. She began to think that.... while it may take some getting used to... this camp might not be so unbearable after all...

Chapter 12

It was a cold winter's night in the blood-soaked streets of Kirigakure. All of the lights in all of the homes were out, everyone was sleeping.... except for one little girl in a medium-sized, middle-class home in the main residential area. The girl had been eagerly awaiting her parents' return. They were both ninja, jonin level, who were expected to return from a week-long mission that night. The girl, only four years of age, had spent the last week with her aunt, who was ruthlessly strict to say the least, and couldn't wait to be free of her.

After quite a while the girl heard the sound of the front door opening and she was overjoyed. The girl loved her parents, even though they were Mist ninja, they were unusually kind, especially towards their daughter. Oddly enough, they specialized in assassination and would kill their enemy or target without a second thought, no matter who it was. Speaking of assassinations, the mission of which the girl's parent's had just returned from was an assassination. They were supposed to slay the leader of a resistance movement attempting to overthrow the Mizukage. The group had been growing in size and power and it had caught the attention of the government. Although the girl didn't know the specifics, after all she was only four, but when her parents left, she felt a great sense of dread, almost as if something bad was going to happen. Her parents' return, however, vanquished this sense of dread.

The girl ran out of her room and practically leapt the staircase, her parents were awaiting her at the bottom. They had a couple of scratches and a bruise or two, but other than that, they seemed to be alright.

Both were young, in their lower twenties, and were dressed in the traditional jonin clothing. The mother had long hair that she was always dyeing different colors, currently it was dark blue. She had dark, brown eyes, and was taller than most women, but not by much. Her father was average height for a man, had light blue eyes, and his thick, jet black, unkept hair was going out in every direction.

"Mammy, Daddy!" the girl ran into her parent's open arms.

"It's good to see you too." the father whispered into his daughters ear.

"We simply couldn't wait to return home to see you again, was everything alright with your aunt?" the girl's mother asked.

The girl nodded with a smile and a simple "Uh huh." It was at that time that the girl's aunt walked into the room. She had jet black hair, much like her brother, and wore a long, black robe.

"I suppose that my services are no longer required?" the girl's aunt inquired.

"Yeah, thanks for the help!" the girl's father answered, "It's a long way back to your house, would you like to stay here for the night?"

"No, I will be fine by myself." the aunt replied.

"...Alright, then I'll be seein' ya'." the father waved as his sister exited the building.

The girl and her parents spent some time up togeather before heading off to bed, it was quite late after all. The next day things went pretty ordinary, the girl walked with her parents through the village. There were no missions that day so the family of three had all day together.

Later that night, the girl awoke to the sound of glass shattering. Scared, she jumped out of bed and ran into her parents' bedroom. They were not there. The girl's heart was pounding as she half-ran, half-walked down the stairs. By now she could hear voices, of which she recognized as her parents, but there were also other voices she had never heard before. When she reached the bottom of the stairs a horrifying sight awaited her. She reached the bottom of the stairs just in time to witness her parents taken out by two kunai to the spine. Both died instantly, and their killers? Mist ninja, presumably from the reistance organization who's leader died at the hands of the girl's parents. There were three men, and one looked over at the girl.

"What should we do about the girl?" he asked.

"Just leave her, she's of no danger to us." the second ninja added.

The third one simply nodded his head, and then they all left.

Within mere seconds afterwards, a small squad of Mist ANBU entered the room and began pursuit of the resistance ninja. They passed the girl as if she didn't even exist. The girl, however, was completely devastated. Everything she had ever known in life had been taken within an instant. Soon she was sobbing like she had never sobbed before. After a few hours, no one had come to the house and the girl had managed to calm down. Her tears were only slowly falling down her face now and she began to wander around the village. She had nowhere else to go, Kirigakure did not have orphanages, and she had no family to turn to. She was completely alone in the world. All she took with her from her home was a couple of ninjutsu scrolls, she had always been facinated with ninjutsu, and a photo of herself and her parents. She brought the scrolls because she treasured them, she had always wanted to be a ninja even though she was but four years old.

Learning to live off of the streets was extreamly tough for the girl. She had to learn what was and what was not edible when searching the trash, and when she did not succeed there she had to steal food. Some days she just didn't eat at all and had to go hungry. This went on for a couple of years and even though she was young, the girl had become quite adept at thievery, or so she thought. It got to the point where all most all of her food and clothes were stolen, although she tried to make her clothes last as long as possible, she found that the clothing shops had better security than food shops for some reason.

Eventually, however, she was caught in the act and wound up actually having to flee the village. She then began to jump from town to town and, by stowing away on boats made it all the way to Konoha. She continued her life of thievery for several years, never getting caught, and hopping between towns and villages inbetween Konoha and Kirigakure. All the while, she tried to teach herself ninjutsu but she struggled at even the most basic ninja skills. In addition, her life of constant stealing lead to her developing a mischievious personallity, eventually it got to where she was always causing mishchief wherever she went, much like a certain blonde-haired, orange-jacket-wearing, ninja we all know.

Her mischief got her into trouble sometimes though, like one time when she got caught pulling a prank on one of the boats she was stowing away on and wound up having to jump off and swim to shore (she had to teach herself how to swim during her years of travel). One day, however, when she was about thirteen years old, she grew tired of constant traveling and began to look for a place to settle down in. She one day found a network of underground tunnels outside of Konoha. The place seemed abandoned and uninhabited, a perfect place the girl thought. One thing she did not realize, however, was that the area in which the tunnels were located in was prone to earthquakes and that the tunnel was likely to collapse in several areas.

One day, as she was exploring the tunnels, an earthquake hit. The sudden shock was enough to make the girl soil herself.... and cause the wall to collapse! Fortunately, the wall did not fall directly on top of her. It actually sort of collapsed in a dome-like shape around her. She could of kicked it away immediately, but she did not. She was too busy paying attention to how delightful her backside felt... that was until the rash hit... She could take the smell, it didn't seem to bother her, but the rash was very uncomfortable. She kicked her way out of the dome and walked towards the exit. She had a change of stolen clothes hidden near the entrance to the tunnels but as she neared the exit, two women in ANBU robes appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, and began to speak.

"We've been watching you..." one of them began. "We understand that you have no home... and whe would like to offer you one."

The girl stood silent, she couldn't tell if this was some sort of trick or not. Her silence was also caused, in part, because of her soiled pants, but there was something she wanted to believe about these two. She had always desired a home, but knew not where to find one.

"There is a catch.... however..." the second ANBU mentioned, "In your new home, you must do anything and everything we say."

The girl thought for a moment, she knew that if she accepted she would be freed from her life of homelessness and loneliness, but something about the "...anything and everything we say." part she was nervous about. Nonetheless, she mumbled "Yes." and a couple of tears escaped her eyes.

The two ANBU took her underground, her soiled panties were removed and replaced with a diaper. She was then paired with a caretaker and her initiation was complete, she was now a member of the camp.

It took almost no time at all for her to get used to the concept of being diapered, in fact she enjoyed it quite a lot. Not all things were good, however, the girl usually let her mischievious side get the better of her and, as a result, was always in trouble. Nonetheless, she had never been happier in her life... except maybe with her parents, but by that time she had managed to push those memories to the back of her head.

Her life had been a hard one, but finally, she had a place where she was happy and where she felt like she had a true home.

Chapter 13

Meanwhile, as Ino was being punished, Sakura and Tenten were continuing their conversation in the small social room.

"Yeah..." Sakura paused for a moment, as if thinking about something, it only lasted for a couple of seconds, "You know, diapers aren't all that bad. They're soft, comfortable.... and having to use them isn't so bad... even though it IS disgusting at least it doesn't FEEL like it."

Tenten smiled and said, "Yeah, you're right, it doesn't feel all that bad. In fact, once you get past the fact that you're sitting in your own waste, it actually feels kind of nice..."

Tenten's face turned slightly red and she shifted around in her seat.

"I... I wouldn't go that far!" Sakura exclaimed, "I mean, it's bearable, but I still don't like it!"

Just then, the door opened and Amy waltzed in, freshly changed, with her caretaker, and fell back into the same bean-bag she was in before.

"Now, where were we?" Amy began again, "Oh yes, I want you to know that I'm gathering up my underlings, we're going to get those morons up 'in charge' to make me a caretaker. For too long have I been wronged by being forced to suffer as a lowly 'baby'. I deserve SO much better, I deserve complete ownership of this organization!"

Amy paused, and Sakura glanced at Tenten with an annoyed look on her face, Tenten returned the gesture.

"I'll pretend I didn't see that," Amy warned, "Anyway, we'll be meeting in the room connected to this one. I would advise you to be there, if you know what's good for you." She pointed to a door on the side of the room. "And be sure to come in wearing clean diapers, we don't need any messy girls at the meeting. I'll be seeing your diapered butts later!"

And with that last statement, Amy stood up and walked through the door she had just pointed to. It was when she did this, that Sakura noticed the seductive way in which Amy wiggled her ass as she walked and how almost every move she made seemed to try and show off at least one of her assets. Sakura didn't think much of it though, she was just glad that Amy had left, she was just so damn annoying with the way she seemed to think that she was queen of the world! It was not long after, though, that Mariko walked through.

"Welcome back," Sakura greeted.

"Feel better?" Tenten asked in a simple attempt at making small talk.

"I guess you could say that, Tenten was it?" Mariko gently sat down in one of the bean-bag chairs accross from Sakura and Tenten, "Though poopie diapers are always the best, I guess it was beginning to sag a bit."

Sakura and Tenten both nodded, although Sakura just did it to be nice while Tenten was wholeheartedly agreeing.

"I heard my sister talking to you earlier," revealed Mariko, "you'll have to just put up with my sister I'm afraid, she's extreamely spoiled and she thinks that she's the most important thing on Earth. You don't have to go to her little 'meeting' if you don't want, she rarely backs up her threats."

Sakura and Tenten seemed somewhat relieved at this, and the three girls continued the conversation, just to pass the time.

###

Meanwhile, while all of this is happening, Yukayo is taking Hinata on the grand tour of the whole facility. They had just left the large playroom and were continuing through the halls, where to, Hinata knew not, nor did she care, she was just enjoying the walk.

"Umm... Yukayo," Hinata stopped walking.

"What is it sweetie?" Yukayo asked."

"I think I'm about to make a stinky," Hinata's face turned bright red and she tilted her head towards the ground.

"It's alright Hinata, just go, that's what that big, fluffy diaper's there for!" Yukayo comforted.

"O...o..okay..." Hinata mumbled as she slowly released her bowel's contents into her diaper. She felt a great sense of pure joy spread through her body as she did this, but she hid it well.

"There we go!" Yukayo hugged Hinata and almost lifted her off the ground in so doing. Hinata's face turned a darker shade of red. "Now doesn't that feel better?"

Hinata gave a nod and a simple "Mmm hmm." She was beginning to feel better around Yukayo, if she could just get used to how awkward this whole ordeal was, she was confident that this would be an enjoyable experience. Hinata began to smile.

"Alright, well then leeeeeeeeeeeet's go!" Yukayo exclaimed, seemingly overjoyed that her little 'baby' was at least enjoying herself.

The two girls continued walking and they visited many different places. They passed a room marked VIP, they went to the offices and greeted the higher-ups, well... most of them anyway, they stopped by quite a few rooms and had short little conversations with the other girls and caretakers. They even stopped by the cafeteria and grabbed some lunch, Yukayo was even nice enough to let Hinata eat in the caretaker's room because Sakura, Ino, and Tenten were not there at the time.

The end of the day came fairly quickly for Hinata, and after dinner she and her caretaker were back in their room getting ready for bed. Hinata, dressed in a light blue, one-piece teen sleeper with the Konoha symbol all over it, a gift from Yukayo for being her favorite little baby girl, and the same diaper she'd been wearing all day. Hinata was a bit embarassed at wearing a sleeper but she found that it was at least comfortable.

"Oh dear, I hafta' go poopie, right now!" Yukayo announced in a babyish tone.

Yukayo got on top of the bed, took her robe off revealing her clothing underneath, which wasn't much, she was only wearing a bra and a diaper underneath, and, even though Hinata was the only one in the room, turned her butt to face the other side of the room as if she wanted the whole world to know that she was going to make a mess in her diaper. Yukayo gently messed herself in front of Hinata's scarlet face. "Oopsie, I've been a bad girl." Yukayo seemed to mumble to herself as she jumped down off of the bed and went to go put some pajamas on. Yukayo, Hinata noticed by total honest accident, was quite a sexy young lady, she was tall and slender, had breasts that were larger than most women's, but not quite the size of someone like Tsunade, and she had an ass that was the envy of every woman on the planet. Yukayo, now dressed in her solid light yellow pajamas.

"Well.... I feel great!" Yukayo told Hinata as she moved the poop around in her diaper, "Ready to go to sleep?"

"But... but there's only one bed?" Hinata asked puzzled.

"That's okay, we'll both be sleeping togeather, I slept here last night, you were just asleep by the time I came in, silly!" Yukayo explained. "Don't worry I won't be doing anything dirty, you're probably in love with some boy somewhere right?"

Hinata blushed, she had almost forgotten about Naruto, how could she ever forget about Naruto!

Hinata got into bed next to Yukayo, who gave Hinata a motherly kiss which caused Hinata's face to turn red, fell asleep. Caretaker's were suppossed to act like mothers I guess.

###

Back with Sakura, Tenten, and Mariko, the three girls talked for a few hours before egressing out for lunch togeather, with their caretaker's permission of course. By now, Sakura had messed her diaper, but had gotten used to the unusual feeling. Plus, she wasn't quite as disguested as whe was in the hole where she messed her panties thus starting this whole mess.

"Maybe Tenten, was right," Sakura had thought to herself, "this isn't so bad."

When lunch was over, Fuyuki came in and took Tenten off to get her a diaper change, Sakura was told to wait until later.

The three girls returned to the main playroom and entered a different sideroom, one that Mariko claimed was her favorite of the rooms, and continued with their conversation. The three girls talked the day away and before they knew it, it was time for dinner. The girls ate togeather and when they were done they followed their caretakers back to their rooms.

"Alright Sakura," Junna motioned for Sakura to come to her, "it's time to get you changed!"

"Okay." Sakura walked over for her diaper to be changed.

Junna told Sakura to get onto the changing table kept in the room, which Sakura did, and slid her pants and diaper off. After wiping Sakura's bum and applying powder, Junna got out a fresh diaper and put Sakura in it. She then put Sakura's pants back on and told her to get dressed for bed.

Sakura grabbed a two piece pajama set with cherry blossom decor and slipped into bed. Junna turned out the lights for Sakura and soon the young Leaf kunoichi was fast asleep.

###

Tenten's night went pretty similar to Sakura's although she did not get a change despite the fact that she had wet earlier. Tenten's pajamas were solid green, a birthday present from Lee from a previous year. Although they made her look like another clone of Gai, she had taken a bit of a liking towards them, they represented the friendship she had built with her squad over the years and she began to miss them all. She felt somewhat sad, but was soon asleep.

###

The rest of Ino's day in the pit was a dry one. Nothing much happened except for a few attempted pranks by Koyumi and the occasional caretaker coming to tell some girls that their punishment was over. When lunch and dinner came around all of the girls were all brought treys with food on them, which they ate, and they all slept that night on small matts brought out for them. Ino just hoped that her punishment would end tomorrow as she drifted off to the land of dreams.

Chapter 14

The next morning, Ino was the first to stir. Her eyes gently opened up as she laid up and threw her blanket off, however, she soon grabbed her blanket again. It was cold down in the pit! Pretty soon, Ino realized that her stomach was growling. She thought this somewhat odd as she normally did not get hungry until late in the mornings. Perhaps she had simply overslept? Ino pondered this for only a moment before another matter caught her attention. She was in need of a bathroom, in more ways than one! She held on for a while, resisting the inevitable, before finally giving in and relieving herself in her diaper. She laid back down and moved the poo around with her bottom until it was in a more comfortable position. She was not quite as grossed out as she was in the pit, but perhaps that was caused by the fact that she had been sitting in her own mess since the previous morning. Ino gave a light sigh and waited for everyone else to wake up.

About twenty or so minutes later, the other girls began to wake up one by one. Anii and, fortunately, Koyumi were the last two to wake up and before long Kokiko came in to serve breakfast. She also checked everyone's diapers, for what reason, Ino did not know. The caretaker had no reason to, after all, she was not permitted to change any of them. When she got to Ino, she said aloud, "Oh, it seems that Baby Ino has made a mess of herself!" Ino's face turned red at this.

"Did she HAVE to tell the whole world?" Ino thought.

"Don't worry. I talked to Harue earlier, she said she's coming to pick you up soon!" Kokiko comforted in a soft tone.

Ino brightened up at this statement. She was finally going to get out of this place!

Excited, Ino sat up, scarfed down her breakfast, and waited impatiently for Harue to arrive. About five or so minutes later, Anii's caretaker came and picked her up and Koyumi began her mischevious agenda for the day. Her first victim? Ino of course!

Little Koyumi crawled up behind Ino and in one swift motion, she reached down Ino's back, unbuttoned her bra, and snatched it off before taking off to the other side of the pit.

"HEY! What do you think you're doing?!" Ino yelled, infuriated, "Get back here!"

Ino jumped up and chased the girl all around the pit. She was eventually grabbed by the arm.... by a familiar lady too! Harue had at last arrived!

"Give me that you dumb twerp!" Harue grabbed Ino's bra out of Koyumi's head and hit her square on the head.

Koyumi fell down on her bottom and, rubbing her head, replied, "Awww. Why'd you do that mommy Harue?"

Harue sighed, "I thought I told you to stop calling me 'mommy', I'm NOT your mother!" Harue turned and faced Ino as she handed the girl's bra back to her. "Here, put this back on and let's go!"

Ino did as she was told and, without a look back, she exited the pit with Harue.

When they got to the top of the pit, Harue let Ino down and said, "Well..... it's about time for a change, isn't it?"

Ino was relieved by this, "Yes, please!" she said with a nod.

"Alright then, follow me." Harue motioned Ino to follow.

The two made their way to a changing room. On the way, Ino began to ponder something. Harue seemed to be acting a little... well, different. Normally she acted like a complete jerk, but today she seemed nice. Of course, Ino wasn't complaining.

In the changing room, Harue got out all the necessary materials. She slid Ino's pants and diaper off revealing her very messy bottom. She cleaned Ino up, applied powder, and slid a new diaper on. It was then that Ino realized how good a new diaper felt when compared to a messy one and how much she liked the feeling of clean diapers in general. By now she had gotten past the fact that she was wearing diapers, and only cared what was in them. A wet diaper she didn't mind. It was the messy ones that she hated. At least, that was what she could tell from her limited time spent back in diapers.

Harue, with a smile on her face, led Ino to the main playroom and explained its purpose. After that she sent Ino on her way. Ino looked around the playroom for a while before she saw Tenten waving to her out of the corner of her eye. She ran over to the familiar face.

"Hi Ino, where have you been?" Tenten questioned, "I haven't seen you since yesterday morning!"

"You.... don't want to know." Ino answered, "Let's just say you don't want to get in trouble here!"

"So only a day in and you're already in trouble, eh pig face?" came the voice of Sakura from behind.

"Oh don't start with that again, billboard brow!" Ino shot back.

"You're one to talk, Ino-pig!" Sakura retorted.

Tenten sighed, "I knew this was going to happen."

"Hello." came a familiar, soft voice.

Tenten turned and saw Hinata standing there in her regular clothes. Well mostly, a pacifier was hanging from her neck. Sakura and Ino were too busy arguing to notice.

"Hello Hinata," said Tenten, "where have you been, I hardly see you anymore!"

"Oh you know, I've just been hanging out with Yukayo!" Hinata replied.

"What's that?" Tenten quizzed, pointing to the pacifier hanging around Hinata's neck.

"This? It's just a gift from my caretaker. She says I look cute with it."

"Oh, alright." Tenten hesitated for a moment, "Say Hinata, are you by chance.... enjoying your stay here?"

"Oh.. um... well... it's alright, I guess." Hinata stated, trying to hide her true feelings, "It's not as bad as I thought it would be."

"Okay," Tenten responded with a hint of dissappointment, "You wanna' go sit down somewhere and chat?"

Hinata nodded her head with a smile, "Sure, okay."

Then the two walked off towards one of the side rooms, Sakura and Ino still continuing their pointless arguement.

###

A short while later, Ino and Sakura stormed off in opposite directions.

Ino thundered off into the crowd and soon ran into a familiar face.

"Well look who it is!" Anii greeted with a smirk, "Ino, if I remember corrctly."

Ino nodded.

"You up for a talk?" Anii asked, most likely out of boredom from her tone.

"Yeah, sure." Ino answered, wanting to get as far away from her hated rival.

"Then follow me!" Anii beckoned as she walked off towards a side room.

Chapter 15

Hinata and Yukayo entered their room together, having shared a friendly chat on the way there.

Hinata yawned, "I'm tired."

The young Hyuga girl crawled into bed and casually made a mess of her diaper. Yukayo laid down next to her and did the same.

"Hey Hinata," Yukayo began, "do you like it here? I mean, do you really like here? If you had the chance, would you come back?"

Hinata was silent for a while. She new her answer, but she wasn't sure if she should tell the truth. This was a very personal matter, of course! Eventually, she came to the decision to answer truthfully. She really didn't want to lie to her caretaker.

"Y..yes... I would come back here every year for the rest of my life if I could. I love this place!" Hinata answered.

Yukayo seemed reassured about something and asked another question, "How much do you enjoy wearing and using diapers?"

Hinata did not know what these questions were for, but she answered anyway. "Oh yes, it's only been a few days... b..but I don't think that I could ever stop using diapers!"

Yukayo smiled at this. It was at this time that Hinata wet her diaper. Now, Hinata had already wet this same diaper a few times. Hinata had overestimated the diaper's absorbancy and it leaked horribly all over her pants and the bed. Of course, Yukayo noticed.

Yukayo was surprised at first, but then she got up and smiled, "Whoopsie! Looks like baby needs a changing!"

Hinata stood up out of the bed, her face was a bit red, and Yukayo noticed that the girl's pants were soaked. It must have been a pretty big leak!

Yukayo grabbed an extra pair of pants for Hinata and picked her up.

Hinata was surprised by this move. First of all, she was surprised that Yukayo was strong enough to pick her up with such ease, and second, she wasn't sure she wanted people to look at her being held like the baby she is.

Noticing this, Yukayo gave a few comforting words, "Don't worry, no one will look at us strange, most of us caretakers do this when faced with a leaky diaper. It makes the wet spot less noticable."

"B..but.." Hinata stuttered.

"No buts!" Yukayo plopped Hinata's pacifier into the young Hyuga's mouth and walked out the door.

Yukayo and her little bundle of joy made their way to the changing room where Yukayo went through the usual procedures.

When they were done, Yukayo motioned, "Come with me Hinata, I want to show you something!"

Hinata, the pacifier still in her mouth, simply nodded and the two walked out the door.

As the walked down the halls, Hinata felt as though something was about to happen. She didn't know if it was good or bad, or even if she was just imagining things. Nonetheless, the walk was a silent one down the long black halls of the "camp."

They eventually reached the large playroom where the babies spent most of their days. Hinata thought that if felt weird being there when it was dark, it also looked strange as, with the exception of themselves, no one was there. Yukayo led Hinata to the "Adults Only" door, and entered.

Hinata was hesitant to enter at first, but she hurried in when her caretaker motioned.

Inside the dark room, Hinata could make out several doors with things such as "Relaxation Room", "Changing," and "Operations 2" on them. There was also a staircase in the corner of the room with a sign next to it saying "Operations 1" on it. What was unusual, though, was that an ominous glow came from the top. It gave Hinata a sense of bewilderment as to what was up there. Aside from that, there were a few tables and chairs around and there was a small counter with a few electronic appliances on it on the wall closest to the door.

"Alright Hinata, let's go! I have something I really want to show you!" Yukayo motioned Hinata up the staircase.

Hinata followed her caretaker.

Hinata's life would never be the same again.

Chapter 16

The next morning, Tenten woke up with a need to use the little lady's room. She did not hesitate to load her diaper. She was uncomfortable about letting other's know, but she had to admit, she was enjoying her stay here. Much like a certain Hyuga girl, she had come to enjoy using her diapers, but she was not really interested in actually acting like a baby. This made her more of a diaper lover than an adult... er... teenage baby.

Tenten got up out of bed and proceeded to get dressed for the day. Pretty soon, Fuyuki came into the room.

"Good morning!" Tenten greeted.

"Good morning." Fuyuki greeted back in her usual, emotionless tone. "I have a couple of questions for you."

"Umm.... alright. What do you want to know?"

"Are you enjoying your stay here? Answer honestly... please."

"Ummm..." Tenten did not want to lie to her caretaker, but she did not want to tell anyone that she WAS enjoying her stay.

"What the heck?" Tenten thought, "It's not like she would say anything..."

"Yes." Tenten answered.

"Next." Fuyuki continued, "Do you enjoy using your diapers?"

"Wh.. what kind of question is that?" Tenten gasped.

"That is none of your concern. Answer the question." ordered Fuyuki.

"Al.. alright.... Yeah, I do enjoy... using my diapers." Tenten's face burned red.

"Very well." Fuyuki began to exit the room. "You may escort yourself down to the cafeteria or playroom if you wish."

"Alright, thanks!" a confused Tenten replied as her caretaker left the room.

Tenten stood there for a short while, confused as to why her caretaker asked her those two questions an then left. Her stomach had other ideas, however, and she made her way to the cafeteria for some breakfast.

"Good morning!" Tenten greeted as she sat down with her trey.

"Good morning!" Sakura replied with a smile.

Ino yawned, "Morning."

"Where's Hinata?" Tenten asked.

"I dunno' she's normally here by now." Sakura answered.

"She's probably off with that caretaker of hers." speculated Tenten.

"Yeah, you're probably right." Sakura nodded in agreement.

Ino simply yawned. She was not exactly a morning person.

The girls finished their breakfast and walked out of the cafeteria.

"Later." Ino waved as she walked off towards her room, "I'm going to go take a nap. I dunno' why but I feel really tired this morning."

"Alright, sweet dreams!" Tenten waved.

Tenten and Sakura walked towards the playroom. Upon arrival, they selected a random side room and walked in. Coincidentally, they were in the same room where they met Amy and Mariko only a few days earlier.

The girls sat down in the beanie bag chairs and began to have a friendly conversation with each other. A few hours passed, the two girls locked in their friendly little discussion. Eventually they decided that it was time for lunch. They walked down to the cafeteria and ate.

When they returned they encountered a friendly face.

"Hello!" Sakura greeted.

"Hi." Mariko answered in a saddened tone.

"What's wrong?" asked Tenten in a concerned manner.

"Oh... it's nothing for you to be concerned about." Mariko sighed.

"Please, tell us what's wrong." Sakura requested.

"C'mon, we're your friends!" Tenten pleaded.

"Oh alright... but only because you're my friends..." Mariko gave in, "You remember my sister Amy don't you?"

Both girls nodded their heads.

"Well... remember that silly little plot of hers to take over the camp, right?"

Both of the girls shook their head no.

"But, she did invite us to some gathering of her 'underlings.'" Tenten pointed out.

"Oh yes, yes..." Mariko sighed again, "Well, it took place yesterday afternoon... she began to talk of a plan to take over the entire camp. Unfortunately, there were a few caretakers hiding inside the room and they took her away. She's probably in big trouble right now, she might even be expelled!"

"Well she deserves it!" Sakura blurted out.

"Yeah... but... she's still my sister!" Mariko explained, "Plus... she wouldn't be able to make it on her own... Our mother works here and aside from her and me, we're her only family. She has nowhere to go! She has no money and she's incontinent. She might be able to make some money as a ninja, but with her skills, she wouldn't make enough! She needs this place!"

"I... I didn't know... I'm sorry." apologized Sakura, she hadn't realized that Mariko might actually care about her own sister.

"I hope they don't go too harsh on her... for your sake Mariko." Tenten wished.

"Yeah. If only.... if only there was a way to bring the old Amy back." Mariko mumbled to herself.

"Excuse me? Did you say 'bring the old Amy back.'?" Sakura asked, confused.

"Wasn't she always like this?" Tenten questioned.

"No no! Not at all! She used to be the nicest little girl that ever lived... but one day, when she was about five years old, she just changed. All of a sudden she started acting like a spoiled brat. She became selfish and uncaring. I..." Mariko paused as if thinking about what to say, "I don't have any idea as to why!"

"Huh... I wonder what could have happened..." Tenten pondered to herself.

"I hope your sister is alright..." Sakura sympathized.

"Yeah, if you'll please excuse me.... I've some things to take care of." Mariko began to walk away.

"Alright... so I guess we'll see you later. Bye!" Tenten waved.

Sakura waved as well, "Bye!

Bye! Mariko exclaimed, she at least seemed to be perking up.

Umm. Alright. Where were we again? Sakura asked, hoping to renew her previous discussion with Tenten.

Tenten began to answer, Um I think we were

Well, look who we have here! interrupted a familiar yet foreign voice.

The two diapered ninja girls turned around to see the familiar face of Hinata Hyuga.

She seemed to be a bit different; however, the jacket she normally wore was open rather than closed revealing the light chain mail she wore underneath. Her pacifier still hung from her neck.

Hey Hinata! Where have you been all day? Tenten greeted with a smile.

Oh, Ive been hanging out with Yukayo. You know, having some fun doing what babies do. Hinata answered in a confident tone that was completely unlike her.

Umm Hinata, are you feeling. alright? Sakura asked, concerned.

I feel great! Better than Ive ever felt! the young Hyuga exclaimed.

Um ok then, good to hear! Sakura responded.

Ummmm. Hey Hinata, have you seen Ino anywhere? Tenten asked, trying to change the subject.

No, Ive been looking for her. Hinata answered, Ive already searched the playroom and most of the side rooms. I also went to her room and she wasnt there.

Tenten sighed, Oh, well Im sure shes alright. Shes probably with her caretaker somewhere.

Or shes probably in trouble again! Sakura giggled.

Yeah! Hinata laughed with her pink-haired friend. Anyway, Im tired of looking. I think Im going to go hang out with Yukayo some more. Later!

With that, Hinata walked off, seductively shaking her hips as she walked.

After Hinata had left the room, Sakura whispered to Tenten, Is it just me, or does Hinata seem a bit. different?

Yeah she seems to have changed a little. I hope shes alright. Tenten seemed a bit uncomfortable.

Im sure everythings going to be alright. Sakura comforted, but it was only a faade. She had the same concerns.

Lets go sit down somewhere. Tenten suggested.

Alright, lets go. Sakura agreed before the two walked towards the nearest side room.

When they entered the side room, Sakura stopped to pee before sitting down. The two barely had time start a conversation, however, when Fuyuki stepped into the room.

Come here Tenten. She commanded.

Alright, sorry Sakura, gotta go! Tenten said as she did as her caretaker told her.

Sakura simply said, Bye! before Fuyuki and Tenten left the room for an unknown destination.

Probably a diaper change Sakura thought and decided to wait for her friend, but Tenten did not return.

Sakura sighed and left the room to go look for Junna, she was getting bored!

Sakura gave another sigh, Whats going on today? First, Marikos sister gets into serious trouble, then Hinata starts acting all weird, and then Ino disappears!

Little did little Sakura know, more changes were on the way!

Chapter 17

Sakura wandered the halls for a while before finally arriving at her room. She figured that this was as good a place as any to look for Junna.

Sakura felt an unusual sense of nervousness as she reached for the door knob. She thought nothing of it and simply dismissed it as just a chill in the air or something of the like. As she opened the door, she was actually somewhat surprised to find Junna sitting on the foot of the bed waiting for her.

"Mommy?" Sakura blurted out without thinking.

Sakura paused, had she really just called this woman mommy? It was true that she did feel some connection between herself and Junna, but it was by no means close enough to be considered a mother-daughter relationship! ...or was it?

Junna chuckled, "No, here I'm not mommy. I'm more like big sis."

"Big sis?" Sakura seemed puzzled.

"Yes..." Junna paused for a second, "We, all of us babies here at this camp, I mean, we're all a lot like sisters... We all share one mother."

"Who's that?" inquired Sakura.

"You'll meet her soon enough...." Junna paused again, for a bit longer than last time, "In fact.... no nevermind.... I... I have to go somewhere."

"W... wait!" Sakura requested as Junna hurredly moved towards the door.

"I'm sorry... see you later!" Junna spoke as she shut the door behind her.

Sakura simply stood there for a minute, confused as to exactly what just occured. After a while she simply sighed and decided to look around her room for something to do.

Sakura had yet to really pay attention to what her room contained. Before, all she had really payed any attention to was the bed on the right wall, the chest of drawers on the room's far side, and the small table in the middle. There was also a large wooden box in the corner and a bookshelf with its shelves loaded. This was strange because the young Leaf ninja could have sworn it was empty the previous night. First, Sakura walked over to the box and opened it. It was filled with various stuffed animals.

"I'm not three!" Sakura thought, shutting the box.

Sakura walked over to the bookshelf, maybe there would be something over there! Sakura was surprised to find it lined with medical books and a few of her favorite fiction stories. Now Sakura was not much of a reader, but when she was bored, she read on occasion. Seeing as she had nothing better to do, Sakura selected one of the books and layed down in bed. She removed her pants to her diaper to be more comfortable.

Sakura read for a while and a few chapters in she felt the need to go. Knowing that holding it in would be futile, Sakura simply pushed the load right into her diaper and continued reading. A little while later, Sakura felt her tummy rumble so she got up, put her pants back on, put her book down and head to the cafateria.

As Sakura finished her lunch and got up to leave, she, with the corner of her eye, caught Ino staring at her from the corner of the room. Sakura waved but Ino only smiled and continued standing. Sakura started to approach her friend but Ino quickly ran away.

"Wh... what?" Sakura thought, somewhat hurt on the inside. Even though Ino was not really her friend anymore, she still thought her to be a good ally, especially in the situation they were in now!

Sakura slowly walked back to her room. As she passed the entrance to the playroom, however, Hinata and Tenten exited. They seemed normal, except for the fact that they were holding hands like two lovers still in school.

"Hi Sakura!" Hinata greeted, still in that unusually confident manner from before.

Tenten seemed uncomfortable, "Hello." she said meekly.

"Hello!" Sakura returned while thinking, "...again."

"Well then... I guess we'll being seeing you then!" Hinata began to walk off, still holding hands with Tenten who quietly went along.

"Um.. okay." Sakura waved as the two left.

Sakura was left quite confused as to what was happening. All of her friends were acting really strange! Sakura had a strange sense of dread on the walk back to her room but no one was waiting for her this time and she picked up reading where she left off. Pretty soon, she fell asleep.

###

Sakura awoke to find Junna sitting in a chair next to her bed.

"Awake already huh?" Junna smiled.

Sakura yawned, "How long have I been asleep?"

"I don't know, I just came in to see if you needed a change." Junna answered.

"Umm... yeah, I have made a bit of a mess." Sakura informed when she felt the poopie in her also wet diaper.

Junna smiled again, "Alright, well let's get you out of that stinky diaper!"

"Okay." Sakura agreed, getting out of bed with another yawn.

"Come!" Junna motioned.

"Wait, aren't you going to let me get dressed first?" Sakura questioned. Her diaper was still openly exposed.

"No, it's fine!" Junna assured.

"B..but..." stammered Sakura.

"No buts! No one's going to care, I promise you!" Junna showed but a hint of impatience.

"I.. if you say so..." Sakura hesitantly walked over to her caretaker.

Junna smiled again, "Good girl!"

Sakura's face reddened up a bit.

The two girls walked down to the changing rooms where Junna changed Sakura's wet messy diaper.

"Thanks." said Sakura as she hopped down off of the changing table.

"Sakura," Junna began gravely, "I.... mommy asked me to bring you to her."

"Alright," Sakura agreed, "What's she want?"

"You'll see soon enough..." Junna seemed really nervous, "Please, come with me."

Junna led Sakura down the hallways, into the playroom, and through the "Adults Only" door. Judging by the number of people left in the playroom, Sakura guessed that it was pretty late. Most of the babies were asleep by 9:30 or so, even though the caretakers were allowed to set whatever bedtime they wanted to if any at all.

It was the same room Yukayo had taken Hinata to, even though Sakura had never seen it. Sakura followed Junna up the "Operations 1" staircase, a mysterious glow still eminating from the top.

The staircase led into a fairly large, rectangular room with several unusual devices lined up on the walls. In the middle of the room, there was a crater-like indention in the floor with steps for getting down. In it, a medium-large-sized black dome, not unlike the one found in the ceiling of Sakura's room, with a large hatch ominously waited for who knows what.

"Welcome!" came a voice from the other side of the dome.

Sakura looked over to see who spoke. It was a woman whom she did not recognize, but she did know who was standing next to her. The question was, what was Mariko doing here?

"Hello Sakura." Mariko smiled.

Sakura was confused, "Mariko?"

"Meet my mom." Mariko said, still smiling.

"It's nice to meet you sweetie," the woman said as she walked over to Sakura, "my name is Miyu!"

"Umm... hello." Sakura greeted, this woman was strange, she gave off a very ominous presence, but at the same time, Sakura felt comforted by her.

Miyu appeared to be somewhere within her mid-twenties to early-thirties, but considering Mariko's age, she would have to have been quite a bit older. She wore her headband on her forehead, like it was meant to be worn. Sakura noticed that it was slightly chipped on the edges but assumed that it happened in battle at some point. The woman was dressed elegantly, wearing a two-piece kimono with many colorful, intricate designs all over it. She could have easily been royalty! Miyu had the same dark brown eyes her daughters had and back-length black hair.

"Alright Sakura," Miyu began to walk towards the black dome but then stopped, "Actually, that can wait for a little bit, perhaps I should tell you a little about myself."

"Umm... okay." Sakura responded, she really had no idea what was going on.

"As I said earlier, my name is Mommy Miyu. I am the founder of this wonderful establishment! This whole diapered world, this whole family was started by me as a place for diapered girls to live in ultimate paradise and eternal bliss. I too have enjoyed my job as Mother more than anything."

"This just keeps getting weirder and weirder...." Sakura thought to herself.

"Now Baby Sakura, I want you to do somethng for me." Miyu spoke.

"Y...yes?" Sakura had no idea what was coming next, she wasn't sure she wanted to know either!

"I want you to get inside of here!" Miyu opened the hatch on the black dome in the middle of the room.

"Alright, what for?" Sakura inquired.

"That's for me to know, and you to find out sweetie!" Miyu answered, still retaining a motherly tone.

"W.. wait, what's going to happen?" Sakura asked again.

"Just please get in Sakura." Junna requested.

Sakura sighed, "Oh alright."

Sakura was more than a little nervous as she crawled into the cramped dome. She had a feeling that something was about to happen.

Little did she know, her world was about to be changed forever!

*002*2010-08-07 19:12

{{:

I read (part) of this on AnimeGirlDesp.org, it's a very very nice fanfic, thanks for sharing!

It's honestly one of my favorites.

Are you the author of it though? No i found this off diaperedanime.com it's by akuran

But he has not finished it yet ill post it up when its done and I love sakura she reminds me of my little sister.

}}

