A Day Out in the Park

Author: Pinkglitter16

*000*2013-06-17 03:53

Hey there! Pinkglitter16 here with my newest idea! So Sky and Bloom are on a date at the park and they both have to pee. What will happen? Plz Read.

A Day Out in the Park

Bloom's P.O.V.

Me and Sky walked hand and hand down the sidewalk in the park, looking at the trees and bushes and flowers. I felt the familiar twinge in bladder telling me that I had to pee. For some reason I always had to pee more than normal people,I don't know why.

As we walked my bladder felt a little heavier but I paid no attention to it and kept walking. Soon we came up to a lemonade stand and stopped in front of it.

"Would you like a drink Bloom?" Sky asked my pushing his blonde hair out of his baby blue eyes.

"Sure," I said looking at his masculine form," A large please."

I knew that was a bad idea but all that walking makes you thirsty ya know? So Sky ordered two larges and we continued walking sipping our lemonades. Soon I drank all mine and so I threw it away. My bladder felt heavier now and I could feel it filling up with urine.

We kept walking and passed a water fountain. My bladder was at it's limit now and I could barely hold it in. Whenever I drink something it goes down straight to my bladder and I have no idea why.Maybe that's why I have to pee so much!

Anyways we sat down on a bench in front of the fountain, it's water jet going up 10 feet in the air. I crossed my legs hoping that the pressure would be released somehow. I started jiggling my butt not caring who saw I had to pee so bad!

A hot jet of urine spurted out and my hands shot to my crotch. I uncrossed my legs then recrossed them in the other direction. Oh,I really had to pee! Sky looked over at me still sipping his lemonade slowly.

"Uh,hey,Bloom are you Okay?" he asked with concern.

"Not really,I have to pee...bad."

"Okay,we'll just find a bathroom for you." He is the sweetest boyfriend ever!

We got off the bench (me still holding my crotch) and tried to find a bathroom. Soon after ,like, an hour of walking we found one. My pee felt at the brink of letting go and I was dreaming about just letting it go and peeing here. There wasn't a line so I made a bee-line for the toilets.

As soon as i ran up to them I tried the girls room and it was locked. I stood beside the door waiting and waiting and waiting for the person to come out. My hands hand slipped down my jeans and was holding my vagina ever so tenderly. I placed my fingertip in the little hole so no pee would jet out.

I let me vagina go and took my hands out of my jeans and thong. I placed my hands on my crotch again and leaned against the wall. I heard a door open and close and the girls room was free.

I was so relieved another jet of pee escaped but I stopped it just in time. I walked into the girls room and locked the door. There was only one toilet and one sink. My bladder throbbed as it awaited being let out.

I walked toward the toilet with my hands on my crotch. As soon as I got to the toilet I held my crotch a little tighter so that my dam of pee doesn't crack. I pulled down my jeans then my pink thong and place my butt on the seat of the toilet.

As soon as I sat down the pee jetted out, hissing into the white bowl. Seeing the stream of the golden liquid made me feel so relieved. I peed and peed into the bowl no caring about anything but my and relieving myself.

I pushed out the last drops of pee and flushed. I walked out the door to Sky and continued our walk.

He was squirming a bit. I have something planned for him.....just you wait.

Hey!!!Cliffhanger!DundunDUN!!! So what do you think? Do you like? Please comment.

