Roxas' Emergency - A Kingdom Hearts fanfic

Author: Haruko

*000*2012-07-06 18:37

Ok so I haven't written a fanfic to post here in a while, so I wrote this little something like 10 minutes ago. It's another Kingdom Hearts one. Yes it's short, but I like to keep things short. My mind doesn't like to think for a long time about the same story (one of the reasons I gave up writing a book lol). The story is basically about Roxas's first mission and how he desperately has to go by the end of it. (Yes I know in the game they don't actually RTC until after hanging out at their usual spot on the tower, but I had to make it work somehow lol). Will he make it? Read on.

###

It was Day 9 of Roxas’ existence and also the day of his first mission as part of Organization XIII. He was really nervous. Axel would be joining him for this first mission to show him the ropes. Axel treated the job like he was Roxas’ babysitter. Roxas didn’t say much since he was only a week old nobody and pretty much acted like a zombie. That was actually the day in which he said some of his first words.

Roxas knew he was forgetting something before he left. He just couldn’t figure out what. Roxas followed Axel’s lead on the mission, which was to find a chest in twilight town.

It wasn’t until after the mission was over that he realized what he’d forgotten to do before leaving for the mission. He had forgotten to the bathroom. He had had to go before they left, but he had been too shy to speak up. By the time he and Axel had actually left for the mission, Roxas had been too distracted by the excitement of the mission to remember he had to go. Now, he was quickly starting to feel his bladder fill even more. It was becoming uncomfortable.

Roxas and Axel still had to RTC, Return to Castle, but Roxas didn’t think he could hold it until they got to the dark corridor. He had to go really bad now.

“Axel,” Roxas said.

Axel stopped walking through the underground tunnels of twilight town and turned to Roxas. “What’s up kid?” He asked.

“Um I really need to go to the bathroom.” Roxas replied.

Axel nodded in acknowledgement. “We’re RTCing so you can go when we get back to the Castle.” Axel suggested.

“I... I can’t hold it Axel.” Roxas replied. He grabbed himself through his black cloak and doubled over as his bladder spasmed.

Axel noticed the Roxas was very obviously struggling to hold it, but what could he do. There were barricades all over the place and a slim chance of finding a bathroom down in the tunnels. He answered Roxas calmly, “You’re gonna have to hold it. I don’t think we’ll find a bathroom that’s closer to here than the dark corridor is. Your best bet is the castle.”

Roxas groaned at this information. He was minutes away from peeing himself. It also didn’t help that he was still working on his bladder control since he was only a week old. After all, with no memory of when he was human, you didn’t exactly just know how to hold it and go to the bathroom. He had had a lot of accidents already during the week he’d been around.

Roxas clutched himself tighter and followed Axel towards the dark corridor. Axel carefully mapped out the quickest route in his head and lead Roxas in that direction. Soon enough they reached the dark corridor, but Roxas was having a few troubles.

“Come on Roxas!” Axel said.

“I can’t... hold it... in.” Roxas replied.

Roxas couldn’t move at this point... He had to go too bad. He tried to move towards the corridor, but he froze when he felt a spurt of pee shoot into his pants.

“Help me Axel... I can’t move... I’m gonna pee myself.” Roxas pleaded.

Axel ran to roxas to help his through the corridor. Oh why did he always have to get the awkward missions. “It’s gonna be ok Roxas.” Axel reassured Roxas as they stepped through the corridor. “You’re gonna make it, I’m sure.” Roxas doubted his friend was right. He felt another spurt leak into his underwear and vocalized a grunt indicating he was losing it.

They made it through the corridor into the Organization lounge at the castle where Roxas doubled over and fell to the floor, hanging onto his manhood for dear life. This turned a few heads. Saix walked over to Axel asking what happened to Roxas.

“Someone help me get him up... he needs the bathroom NOW!” Axel spit out. He started to help Roxas up when he realized the floor was wet. Roxas was wetting himself.

“Axel, stop... it’s too late.” Roxas muttered. He was used to having accidents as he had been having them all week so humiliation wasn’t an issue, but he was ashamed to have had yet another. He had just started getting the hang of holding it and making it to the bathroom on time and now this happened.

Roxas finished and ran to the closest bathroom. Axel followed and knocked on the door. “Roxas?” He asked through the door.

“Leave me alone... I don’t want to talk.” Roxas replied.

“What’s wrong? I mean... this sort of thing has been happening since you were born right?” Axel asked, knowing that Roxas would have been having accidents all week cause he didn’t have memories of his childhood potty training before he had become a nobody.

“Axel, I failed this time. I didn’t make it to the bathroom. I didn’t make it in time. I’m the same as I was before when I was having accidents.” Roxas said.

Axel realized what Roxas was thinking. “Roxas, you didn’t fail. You did a lot better than you’ve been doing. You held it all that time. Heck I’d probably even have trouble doing that if I had to go as bad as you did.” Axel said.

“Really?” Roxas asked.

“Really.” Axel replied, “Now what do you say we get some ice cream and go to our hangout?”

Roxas opened the door a little so his friend could see him. “Okay, but I need to get cleaned up first.”

Axel nodded in agreement and said, “Of course.”

