The Freshman

Author: Ronyo

*000*2010-09-22 02:48

Note this is the first time I've written an omorashi-based story, and probably the first story I've actually posted anywhere, so if it isn't amazing, please be critical about it, I will not be hurt in any way.

Also, for the non-British that read this story, this is set in England, so certain terms and words might confuse you, it's actually based off the first few days I've spent here in University, of course I haven't wet myself yet, and not in this fashion (Shame really) Also, just a little fun fact, Aaron was the original name that I would of received at birth, but it was changed after short notice.

If it wasn't the sound of paper rustling slightly that drove you mad, it was the silence that filled the space between the rustling, Aaron's eyebrow twitched slightly as he continued to stare intently into the Biology book he'd pulled out of one of the libary shelves. It was early Autumn in the West Midlands of England, the trees were only just beginning to shed leaves, and it wasn't cold enough to warrent constantly wearing a jacket, unless it rained, and even then it was uncommon for you to actually end up uncomfortably wet, though followers of fashion seemed to have a good reason to overheat from what was observed.

Aaron was just a freshmen, two or so weeks into the already challenging Biology course, though he was relieved to not be pushing himself that much, though the future would probably be much more cruel. Recluse by nature, and sarcastic by trade, he'd made the typical band of friends, and was on good terms with the others in his flat, providing the stereotypical British wit to the daily banter. The original rush of university simmered down as the second week came to a close, with the frequency of parties and drunk people decreasing as people realised they didn't have money trees, or jobs, which suited Aaron just fine, sleeping was no longer a problem, and he'd never been drawn to such things in the first place.

The clock on the floor gave a louder-then-normal click, and a quick glance told Aaron it was now nine at night, and that the library was probably closing as he sat there, the sounds of the few students in the surrounding area getting up confirming it. As he got up there was a sudden jolt of pressure, as if his body had become numb while he sat there, which was probably the case, the reasons could be focused on after, right now, he needed to pee. Grumbling tiredly he carried the book back to roughly where he found it, slotting it back in with the rest of the books there, the throbbing in his groin getting greater as the numbness subsided.

He trudged towards the toilet near the exit, only to be blocked by the librarian, "Dear, the exit is that way" Aaron's expression didn't change, save for the slight rise in his brow "But I need to-" The librarian's responce was a curt shake of the head with her finger pointing at the door "The library closed two minutes ago, I'm sorry but you need to leave, off you go" Aaron groaned lowly, walking out, the click of the doors echoing in his ears as he was effectively cut off from the nearest toilet. "Bloody cow..." He muttered as he nursed his cock through the fabric of his jeans, starting the walk back to the accommodations he was at, roughly half an hours walking distance away, his mind was already groaning at the prospect as he remembered the bottle of pepsi he'd downed before entering the library.

The wind whipped his hair up as he walked across the bridge he always took, his navy blue shirt billowing outwards slightly as well, the hand still cradling the crotch, as if someone would try to take it if he left it unattended. The worst thing was that you never sweat during this time of the year, even when the Sun is out it simply makes the temperature lukewarm, and thus more water ended up in your bladder then your sweat pores "... Why the fuck am I thinking about my need to pee like the bloody lecturer?.." If he'd not be in the situation he was at the moment, he would of laughed and continued walking, instead however he was walking with a slight limp down a quiet pathway towards the main road in the cold night.

The walk was not worth mentioning for the most part, the need continued to grow, and Aaron had ended up jiggling slightly whenever he had to stop to let cars pass in order to carry on, and forcing himself to appear normal to the odd gaggles of students that passed him. What was worth mentioning happened twenty minutes into the walk, the road was just about to end to make way to the appartment complex he was passing through, when the fire alarm went off, the shouts of annoyed residents quickly could be heard as people started to file out of the building, complaints of drunk students were the most prominent, it was happening alot around the town as bored students who were under the effects of drink, though it was amusing to pee alot of people off.

"Aaah.. Fucking.." Aaron scowled, taking a sharp turn to the right to cut around the complex, there was no way he was going to get mixed with people who'd be expected to remain there to make sure noone was missing, which could take a whole hour. The detour would add a whole extra ten minutes to the trek home, and Aaron was beginning to become frantic, there were no public restrooms in town, the shops were shut, and even if they were open they never let non-staff use the facilities, and he was bursting with pee, about five more minutes from his halls. He bit his lower lip slightly as he moved his other hand over his groin for a moment, the moment of relief washing over him quickly.

The halls quickly came into view, and he made his way into the central courtyard and towards the block he was in, he grabbed the handle and tugged, the result was a locked door doing it's job "Ah come on-bloody keys" He crossed his legs tight as a hand dug into his pocket and fished out the keys. He grimaced as he opened the door, the retard who designed it thought it wise to require two hands to effectively open the door, he darted inside once he could get in without issue and made his way to the stairs, stopping short of the steps to prepare himself for the additional exertion on his now-aching bladder.

Each step was a firm jolt along his cock as he forced himself up the stairs, he was on the 2nd floor and needed to climb quite a bit of stairs. Soft whimpers breaking the monotony of steps as he made his way upwards, he sighed with relief as he got to the top, eagerly stepping forward a little more. What happened next was lost in translation as far as Aaron was aware, but he must of hit the step wrong, because he quickly found himself falling forward and smacking onto the floor in front of the stairs, a sharp yelp spreading up the staircase as he felt the pain hit him, He groaned loudly as he pushed his body off the floor and onto his feet again, frowning as he realised his cock felt different "Oh......." He looked down to see the patch of dark denim on the front of his jeans, he was lucky his hand had been covering his groin, since it prevented an actual flood.

If anything now he was on his last leg, he pushed himself hurriedly to the door of his room, fumbling angrily with the key as he felt himself hit the edge of control, the opening of the door ironically signaling his bladder to open up as well. He whined pathetically as he moved into the bathroom, the door closing behind him as his jeans turned dark blue and the sound of hissing filled the bathroom "Goddammit.." He shook slightly from the relief as the puddle under him grew, the entire front of his jeans, along with his legs, completely soaked, the act going on for roughly about two minutes. Aaron turned his head sheepishly towards the mirror next to him to find himself staring at a soaked student, his shoulders slumped slightly as he finally became aware of the cooling pee in his jeans

"... Bollocks..."

Final note: Bollocks = British slang word which literally translates into someone saying "Balls" (of the testicular kind)

*001*2010-10-10 22:35

Not too sound like I want my ego stroked, but I was at least expecting one reply in the 20 days after I posted this >_>

Feedback people! xD

*005*2010-11-05 00:03

*blink blink* .... OH MY GOD PEOPLE ACTUALLY REPLIED O______O *faints in shock*

I was beginning to think I was a crap writer D:

*sighs and gets over it* Anyway! Thank you all for the feedback, I rarely do any creative writing outside of roleplaying, so this was something quite different for me, I will try as best as I can to take in suggestions ^^

Please also note this was sorta a one-off for me, I might write more if I get in the mood ^^

