Date Panic! 2 - Page 12

Author: OmoCommando

*286*2014-09-12 21:01

"Hmmm... is the key really that important? Well if that's what you think is best, then we can do that first."

*295*2014-10-01 02:28

Before anything, you shut the door behind you to make sure that the monkey doesn't escape.

"All right, I'll share a drink with you." You say.

"Great!" Emma says with a smile. "I found these in a boxed set earlier!" She puts two wine glasses down on a small table next to you.

"Are they clean?" you ask.

"They've been tucked away in a box inside of a drawer. I'm pretty sure they're fine."

You shrug, then you yank the cork out from the wine bottle. With the glasses ready, you begin to pour a bit of wine into the them.

It was an odd, almost florescent dark blue shade. You had never seen anything like it before.

"Cheers!" Emma says.

You both take a drink from your glass. As you begin to process the peculiar taste, your tongue is overcome by a sudden, but slight burning. This drink had more of a kick to it that it seemed. Some sort of spice must have been added to it. Not bad though. You turn to Emma to ask her what she thinks.

"Mwaaaahh!!! It's hot! It's hot!" She cries. It was as if she just drank hot sauce. Emma jumps around, fanning the inside of her mouth. "Water! I need water!"

You grab the half-filled water bottle from your inventory and hold it out in front of you. Emma snatches the bottle and quickly drinks its contents.

[items lost: water bottle]

"Feel better?" you ask.

"A bit." she responds. "That was a lot more flavor than I anticipated! I could use some more if there's any lying around!"

In search of something to cool your date's mouth off, you look around, heading through the racks and shelves until you reach the end. There, in a nook, sat your little key thief. It looks up at you with a worried frown.

How will you deal with the monkey?

- Try talking to the monkey

- Give the monkey an item (specify item)

- Throw an item at the monkey (specify item)

- Use violence!

- Other

Current Trust Level: Friendly

Current Fear Level: Cautious

