The hunt for love (an interactive fantasy adventure) - Page 2 - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrg

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*030*2014-11-13 20:22

{{:

Can you explain the calculatiin of the damage done? I can't understand how 8d4+strenght becomes 3+1(miss)+2+3+1(miss)+1(miss)+1(miss)+2+3=52-19Def=...42 Damage!. Especially since I don't see our 39 strenght anywhere in the calculation.

}}

( Read this and nearly had a heart attack, thinking I had calculated it wrong ;_; I simply forgot to show +39 in the equation, but I'm certain the proper damage was still totaled correctly... God when your using the word "equation" in an RPG that's when you know this is gonna suck horribly...)

{{:

The calculations seems fine, just the rolls totaled up +39 - his defense, with the ones not counted, because they're misses.

Hey, a punch to the stomach that only increases our desperation by 1. No called shot rules here. Anyway, probably just gleaming flurry again.

}}

{{:

Let's just use gleaming furry again since that does the highest damage on average and we aren't anywhere close to winning or losing yet.

}}

(thanks Bloop :D Also depending how much your bladder increases when hit by an enemy is determined by a d6 roll. It just happened to land on 1.)

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry!

3+3+4+3+1(miss)+2+3+2+39=59-19Def=...

49 Damage!

Larz: HP 9/100

Natillie: HP 186/200 | Bl: 82/150

Larz's Turn's!

Larz musters up his remaining energy to swing a right hook at your face!

14 Damage!

Larz: HP 9/100

Natillie: HP 172/200 | Bl: 87/150

Natillie's turn

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

​Flourish Finish!

(When an enemy's HP reaches enough so that one last attack would defeat them no matter what, you may use this attack to finish them off... stylishly!)

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Use Item

Defend

*032*2014-11-13 21:15

{{:

FINISH HIM!

I mean, there's no reason not to use it.

}}

Natillie charges towards the limping fool!

With a swift strike you slash at Lars'z knuckles, causing him to drop his spikes, another strike at his other hand, resulting the same, and with all your might you somersault kick him into the air. As the man comes plummeting back to the ground, you extend your leg above your head and collide your foot right into the man's nuts! (Quite a flexible little lass, ain't ya...)

Lars'z falls to the dirt face first, grasping his balls with his profusely bleeding hand and is dragged off the field by two other warriors...

VICTORY ACHIEVED!!!

XP gained: 139!

The crowd goes silent... No one expected someone like you to defeat him so easily. If this is the kind of competition that you're up against then it seems like you won't have to worry much...

Announcer:

... ... ...Well then... uh... Alright... I think we have our positio-

???:

WAIT!!!

A male voice calls from the group of fighters... You don't seem to recognize the voice...

He walks towards the middle... A young lad, seems about your age and height, wearing black robes with orange borders approaches the center... You can tell he's a mage. Fire mage, maybe?

You look at him curiously...

Natillie:

Let me guess... another fellow gambling for my pussy?

Mysterious Mage:

Hahaha!!! Oh please... I'm not like these filthy, herpes-ridden brutes... I would not fight for something as pointless as mere lust.

What I do fight for, however, is victory and glory. And I aim to achieve that. Besides... I'm a homosexual, so I take no interest in women like you...

Announcer:

ALRIGHT THEN!!! SWORDSMAN... er... SWORDSWOMAN VS THIS UNKNOWN MAGE! LET THE BATTLE COMMENCE!!!!

You unsheathe your blade and the opponent lights his staff aflame...

BATTLE START!!!

Fire Mage ???: HP 150/150

Natillie: HP 186/200 | Bl: 87/150

Natillie goes first!!!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 139/500]

Stats

HP: 186/200

Strength: 39

Defense: 46

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 35

Bladder: 87/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +18 / Speed +10) [xp. 139/200]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +15) [xp. 139/100]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +17) [xp. 139/150]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

}}

(For the sake of convenience, if you ever want to check stats in the middle of combat you can click the spoiler button to the left and view them. I've done the same for viewing items on the left side as well. This option is not available when off the field and uses up an action when outside of combat.)

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Use Item (Click Spoiler to view items)

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

}}

Defend

*036*2014-11-13 22:20

{{:

;___; We have no healing.

Anyway, your spoiler thing doesn't show the updated bladder and health stats, if that matters.

Since he's fire based, aqua.

}}

{{:

I guess the reason why we didn't get any healing, was simply that we had no time for a little break between the two fights.

Also I'm not sure if a fire Mage really counts as a fire based enemy, like for example a magma golem would in my opinion. Anyway also vote for using Aqua, but only beacuse I want to see if our magic skills are useful in the battles at all.

}}

{{:

I meant like water and stuff, that we started with no healing items. But not really important.

Ehhh, yeah. But if this resembles a traditional tutorial first fight session, it would have him be to demonstrate aqua on, so I just assumed x.x

}}

(Don't worry, you get healing later ^_^ Also I edited the list so the stats are updated)

Natillie uses Aqua 1!

20+39+(18/2)-11Def= 61 x 2(crit) =122 x 2(weakness to aqua)=...

HOLY SHIT !!!

244 DAMAGE!!!!!

One-hit KO!!!

The mage gets launched back into the group, falling on top of several angry warriors... The blow was so powerful it knocked the mage out cold!!!

VICTORY ACHIEVED!

Xp gained: 67!

Goldenstream Level up!

Lv. 2/???

Strength: 18+[5]=23!

Speed: 10+[6]=16!

(Kinda forgot to mention your buckler had leveled up in the last fight, but let's just pretend that didn't happen... shhhh...)

Iron buckler Level up!

Lv. 2/5

Defense: 15+[5]=20!

Leather armor Level up!

Lv. 2/6

Defense: 17+[3]=20!

The crowd becomes quieter than it was last time! You wiped the floor with that mage, and the cheeky expression on your face proves it. The announcer walks up to you nervously, shakily holding a slip of paper that reads "#16" on it. Your face gleams with cheerfulness! You just got yourself a spot on the tournament roster!!!

Natillie:

Thank you so much mister!

Announcer:

Uh... Sure thing... ... ...

Natillie:

Um... Quick question... Where's the restrooms?

Announcer:

J-just head to t-the l-l-left b-by the benches o-over there...

You look to your left and see 15 fighters sitting by the seats in the distance. Next to them is an outhouse... An outhouse calling for you...

You nod your head and walk to the seats. All the fighters are chatting with each other, not even noticing you yet (well that's new...).

What do you do now?

*040*2014-11-14 19:36

{{:

Uhm you forgot to show the bladder stats after the last fight. I think the aqua attack must have had some effect on her bladder

}}

(Nah. Using magic doesn't affect the increase of your bladder. The only thing that can increase the meter in a fight is using healing items and taking damage. Also if anyone's curious there is no MP meter in this game, so you can use magic whenever you please, however some magics do have certain restrictions.)

{{:

Well, realistically we should probably use the bathroom. But that's no fun, since it doesn't impede us, we may as well keep holding. At least form a meta perspective.

}}

{{:

From a meta perspective, if we try to go to the bathroom, narrative causality will stop us somehow.

}}

You think to yourself that you're not feeling too desperate at the moment (which in normal circumstances would be an outright lie). So you decide to hold it for a little longer... Besides... those outhouses tend to be quite filthy, and "hovering" has never been your specialty...

You walk towards the wooden bench, nervous to sit down next to a bunch of men you don't even know.

Natillie:

...u-um... Hello...

The 15 fighters all look at you, though they seem to be looking at your eyes instead of your tits. One of the fighters (dressed in a black outfit and black veil covering his whole face [appears to be a shinobi from the Najap Islands]) comes up to you and bows.

Shinobi:

You are a femare warrior?

Natillie:

Well... I've got lady parts if that counts...

Shinobi:

Hmm... Rook's rike you are onry one. Prease excuse my bad Remiacan... Not very good at speaking it.

Natillie:

That's okay. *smile*... So I'm the only girl here?

Shinobi:

*nods*

Natillie:

So... I guess I take a seat over there?

Shinobi:

Hai... Ret us rerax. We stirr have prenty time before the tournament begin.

You follow the mysterious ninja and sit next to him, lacking space between him and another fighter.

Natillie:

So what's you name Mr. Ninja?

Shinobi:

My name is not important. If you wish to carr me by something, you may carr me... "Rasetsu."

Natillie:

I see. Now is that "Rasetsu" or "Lasetsu?"

Rasetsu:

Now you are just being mean... We (Najapese) don't arways do that ;__;

Natillie:

*giggle* I'm only joking with you. Anyways, I'm Natillie. It's a pleasure to meet you, Rasetsu.

Rasetsu smiles at you (though you can't tell that because of his veil).

Rasetsu:

I saw you out there defeating those two person. It is quite impressive for someone rike you to defeat them so quickry.

Natillie:

*blush* Thanks ^_^

Rasetsu:

Those two foors underestimate you because you femare, which is why defeat was creary the onry path for them. My master arways taught me "Gender does not make hero. What makes hero is skirr and experience."

Natillie:

Well then your master taught you well.

The announcer calls out from the center of the battlefield...

Announcer:

The tournament will begin shortly! All fighters prepare yourselves before the battle begins!

Rasetsu looks at you (though you can't tell that because of his veil... again...).

Rasetsu:

Prease... don't ret me distract you. You shourd go speak with other fighters instead of me. Get yourserf fa-fumiri-famirierized with the others and get to know them. The best thing you should know about your enemy is what they are.

You nod and stand up, smiling back at him.

Natillie:

It was nice getting to know you. *smile*

Rasetsu:

Werr if we get a chance to fight each other... maybe we could get to know each other a more better... WAIT! That is not... ... ... I mean in skirr... rike how strong you-

Natillie:

It's okay. I know what you meant. *wink*

Any last things you wish to do before the tournament starts?

*044*2014-11-15 02:00

{{:

Analyze the competition. Try to learn a bit about each one. Watch the way they move and how they act/treat the other fighters.

}}

{{:

I completely agree with Grim Reaper.

}}

{{:

What they said ^

}}

You walk around the fighters, observing their actions and the way they speak... Most of the fighters chatted with each other, giving away information about themselves... useful, useful information.

#1 Charlie Hinder:

Class: Aqua Mage

Nature: Questionable mentality

Weapon: Canteen of bizarre water...

Notes: Has an extreme fear of dirtiness

#2 Rasetsu

Class: Shinobi

Nature: Respectful

Weapon: "Izanami" (Nodachi blade)

Notes: Notices the smallest details; overlooks nothing

#3 Glavin Hatter

Class: Dwarf Centurion

Nature: Reckless

Weapon: Brass Warhammer

Notes: GOT BEARD FOR DAYS!!!

#4 William Tall

Class: Huntsman

Nature: Adventurous

Weapon: Crossbow

Notes: Loves knitting

#5 Gelfrin Kingah

Class: Barbarian

Nature: Brave

Weapon: Greatsword

Notes: Allergic to cats

#6 Kalvin Koman

Class: Geo Mage

Nature: Carefree

Weapon: Sharpened Pickax

Notes: Used to be a miner before his interest in geomancy

#7 Faygar Frithen

Class: Summoner

Nature: Intelligent

Weapon: Tome of summons

Notes: Parents died after a tragic summoning accident caused by him

#8 Halb'r Chongut via Fyurosa

Class: Avian Aero Mage

Nature: Cautious

Weapon: Long razors running down the wings (possibly used for swooping down to slice the opponent in half)

Notes: Participating tournament in hopes of getting goods for his village

#9 Friz Regard

Class: Faith Mage

Nature: Brash

Weapon: Large metal cross

Notes: Seems to be much younger than the others (maybe 13, 14 years old?)

#10 Vithrin Necrox

Class: Necro Mage

Nature: Quiet

Weapon: Spirit Orb

Notes: Constantly cleans his orb, preventing a spiritual implosion

#11 Gongol Pintman

Class: Engineer

Nature: Easygoing

Weapon: Controlled Automaton

Notes: Seems to have a fish head in his hair... No one's mentioned it yet...

#12 Inabi Kaifu

Class: Monk

Nature: Not sure if meditating or asleep...

Weapon: Bo

Notes: Seems to be from eastern Niadi

#13 Jafib Pothing

Class: Alchemist

Nature: Clumsy

Weapon: A bag full of dangerous potions

Notes: Most likely the eldest of the group.

#14 Gilligan Galford

Class: Brawler

Nature: Hotblooded

Weapon: Who needs a weapon when you have your FIGHTING SPIRIT AND YOUR LOVE FOR JUSTICE!!!

Notes: Seriously... this guy could be in an anime!

#15 Bazunt Tranzo

Class: Heavy Knight

Nature: Loyal

Weapon: Lance (with secondary broadsword)

Notes: Entering the fight purely for his desire of victory

That seems to be the entire roster. You make your way to take a seat when you hear a child's voice...

???:

Psst... Lady! Over here!

The demanding whisper catches your attention. It's Friz Regard. He looks at you with shifty eyes, but you walk to him anyways...

Natillie:

Hey little guy. Need something?

Friz:

Yes yes... I wish to speak to you.

Natillie:

Well I'm already here so what do you want?

Friz:

I wish to make a deal with you...

Natillie:

A deal? What kind of deal?

Friz:

Shh! Keep your voice down!

Natillie:

...

Friz:

Now then... You know how you're the only gal here? And might I add quite a stunning one.

Natille:

*blush* Aww... you flatter me.

Friz:

Alright so listen... Being a guy, I have... needs... and you have needs too. It's gonna be a long tournament, and your probably gonna get hurt pretty badly, even if your just collecting cuts and scrapes throughout the matches... But what if I told you I could heal those wounds for you...

Natillie:

You'd really do that for me? Isn't that cheating?

Friz:

Why not at all. There's no rule saying I can't heal other fighters.

Natillie:

​Well if you did that for me then I'd be really appreciative.

Friz:

Yapupupupup! I can do this for ya... but it'll cost ya...

Natillie:

How much will this cost? Cause I don't have a lot of money...

Friz:

Oh please... It's not grands I want... See, ya got a real nice chest on ya. Quite beautiful I must say... and... I can heal people best when my hands are... removed of stress. I can remove such stress by say... squeezing on certain objects for a certain period of time...

Natillie:

Wha-WHAT?! YOU PERVERTED KID!!!

Friz:

SHISHISHH!!! Keep quiet! I'm trying to help you here.

Natillie:

... ... ... ... ... ... ...

Friz:

So... Do we have ourselves a deal? All you have to do is let me do a little caressing, and I'll patch you up in no time.

Do you agree with Friz's offer?

*049*2014-11-15 16:42

{{:

I was wondering if you could give us a clue on our stats again before 'though. I can imagine, for example, all that walking around hasn't helped our bladder much, but on the other hand our wounds might've healee a little.

}}

Character Menu

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 206/500]

Stats

HP: 188/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 89/150 (In desperate need)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 6/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +20) [xp. 106/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +20) [xp. 56/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

}}

{{:

That's really odd, but also sorta minor, and we can't really fight through four (assumingly way better than that dude) people without healing, so I suppose we should agree to it. If the other fighters are injured and we aren't, that's a huge advantage.

}}

{{:

I would disagree however any advantage we can get is useful. Go with it.

}}

{{:

Again, I agree with the others.

}}

{{:

That's one of the most creepiest pick up line ever. Under normal circumstances, I won't recommend anyone to agree with it but considering that we here are looking for exactly that kind of fun, I say she should agree.

That's one of the most creepiest pick up line ever. Under normal circumstances, I won't recommend anyone to agree with it but considering that we here are looking for exactly that kind of fun, I say she should agree.

}}

You think about it deeply. You don't want to say the words your about to say, but any advantage you can get will help immensely.

Natillie:

...*sigh* Fine...

Friz smiles cheerfully.

Friz:

​You've made a wise decision, sweetie. Now let's see... You've got a few punctures near your stomach; bleeding is very slow; I'd say about 2 days to fully heal... or in this case just a few seconds... Come into the outhouse with me so we can do business...

You follow Friz into the outhouse; your chest is pounding with nervousness...

Inside the outhouse is a little cramped for two people, Friz pressing against your bladder (Bladder +3). The seat behind you looks dirty and putrid... You don't want your butt touching that any time soon, no matter how full your bladder is.

Friz:

Alrighty *snicker*. Take off that armor so I can get a good look at what I'm touchin'...

A small tear runs down your eye... but you remove your leather armor anyways.

With a mischievous grin on his face, he grasps both of you breasts tightly.

You've never felt so low in your whole life. You can't believe that you're letting some little kid do this to you. Not even wetting yourself publicly feels worse than this... In fact you'd rather be doing that five times than letting a child harass you...

After a while, Friz lets go of you and his hands begin to glow.

Friz:

Okay! I'm a man of my word... I'm gonna use LifeTransfer on your wounds so this might sting a little...

Friz uses LifeTransfer 1

(HP at maximum!)

You put back on your armor and exit the outhouse, feeling deprived. Rasetsu glances at you with a concerned look (though you don't notice because... Ok seriously what's with the veil anyways?!)

Announcer:

The battle is about to begin!!! First up we have #1 Charlie Hinder vs #2 The mysterious... erm... what was his-

Rasetsu (from the distance):

RASETSU!

Announcer:

What that guy said! #1 and #2 please make your way to the battlefield!!!

The audience goes wild as the two opponents stand up and walk together to the center stage.

Charlie takes out his canteen and Rasetsu unsheathes his massive blade!

BATTLE INI-... wait what the hell?

The aqua mage falls face first onto the ground immediately! Rasetsu walks off the field and takes a seat once again next to the other fighters, who are all confused as to what just happened. The whole place goes silent... What just happened?

Announcer:

Uh... well then... I guess #2 is the victor...

Charlie coughs up a large amount of blood...

Charlie:

Don't... fight... this... man........ He's... a demon... Soon... he will be... dirty... So... so... dirty... GYAHAHAHA- *cough cough*

Two fighters come onto the stage and drag his unconscious body off the field...

Announcer:

Uh... OK! #3 and #4 make your way to the field!

The two fighters head to the battlefield and begin their clash... Meanwhile, you gaze over at Rasetsu, just as confused as everyone else... What kind of man, or monster, hides behind that veil? Speaking of which, you notice his veil seems to have gotten wet. Did he drink something mid fight? Or perhaps just got hit by a water attack? No that wouldn't make sense... Nothing happened the entire fight!

Anyways... it's gonna be a while before your fight with Bazunt, so you have some more time to kill...

Anything you'd like to do in the meantime?

