Win or Wet

Author: GᒪITTEᖇGᒪᗩᗰOᑌᖇ

*000*2015-06-23 17:45

Chapter 1: The Bet

I walked down the hall, carefree of what was happening. My bag grasped for it to be cleared, but it'll have to suffer two more days until Summer. Then, I will clear out the bag and let it welcome air back. "Hey Amanda!" A girl shouted. I turned my head. "Oh, hehe, hey Hannah," I stopped walking and waved to her. Hannah got closer to me. "Excited for Summer?" She squealed. "Yeah totally," I giggled, I wasn't that excited for Summer. Nothing really has been planned out, so I guess it'll start with me devouring ice cream and watching tv.

"Squee! It's going to be loads of fun! I'm going subs diving, oh, Swimming with dolphins, going to visit my gram and gramp, and soooo much more!" My stomach started to sink. Hannah already had her summer all planned out, and here I am, with not a single thing on the list. "What are you going to do this summer?" She asked me. "Me? I don't know," I was embarrassed, more than embarrassed. Humiliated.

She blinked. "Hmm, let's start it with...a bet!" Hannah perked up. "Now? It's not summer vacation yet," a chill went to my spine. "I know, silly! But we're in the summer Season! Sooooo.....hmm...today is Oresta and Jimmy's anniversary, so today This couple Orim must be incredibly amazing- but I bet that Jimmy forgot. You?" There it was. That's her first topic on everything- romance.

"Jimmy was so excited about it yesterday! I doubt he forgot," I told her. Hannah said, "alright, if he forgot... We'll know in....about second period. We're together in third period, so if he forgot you have to tell me your true feelings about your life. If he didn't, I'll have to tell you mine." She winked and left. Her life is completely perfect, no one will think the same about me if I tell Hannah, she's a blabber mouth.

The bell rang, I scurried to history and saw Oresta walk in crying. "What's wrong?" I approached her. "Jimmy forgot our first anniversary!" Oresta said sobbing. I lost the bet. I sat down and got my water bottle. My throat was literally dry like a desert.

"Class, can someone please tell me why Oresta is crying?" The teacher asked. A boy raised his hand and told her about the incident. I finished my water and raised my hand. "can I refill my water?" I asked, she nodded. I got up. I went to the hall with my pass and went to the water fountains. I refilled it. I still was parched. I refilled it again.

I entered class with my water. I sat down and felt a small tingle in my bladder. I crossed my legs, Hannah has Oresta next period. I was hoping she would stop crying, but she didn't. This was going to be a long day...

*002*2015-06-26 01:12

{{:

So far so good =))

}}

Thanks!

*004*2015-06-27 02:38

I know how the teacher HATES it when someone asks for a bathroom pass in the middle of class, so I'd just have to hold it in. The bell rang, Gemmy was still crying. I walked to the toilets, but saw the guards there. I know them. They'll ask for my bathroom pass, and I'll have to say "I don't have one". I walked the other direction to second period.

Ugh, math skills. How I hate it! Literally, you study on your homework. I don't need help with homework! I'm independent, or at least sometimes. Just the thought of independence my bladder tingled. Guess I'm not THAT independent. I crossed my legs and had my hands on my thighs. I raised my hand swiftly. "Yes?" The teacher called. "Um, ma'am , may I please oh please use the restroom?" I begged. She responded quickly, "No." Whatever happened to a nice sure.

I bit my lip. I didn't argue, I mean, there is no joking around with Ms. Ol' Cranky Pants. A shocking dribble happened. A small tinkle came out. I did a small pee-pee dance while sitting down. Crossing legs over and over, bobbing up and down, moving side to side, ect.

The bell rang, third period- which means Hannah. I walked shamefully to third period. I saw Hannah with a smirk on her face. I approached her. "I win you lose!" She giggled. "Yeah, alright. You want my feelings?" I tried to act strong. "You can even whisper it," she winked. "I have...have...have- have to pee!" I whispered showing her the small half inch mark of pee on my pants. "Ohmigosh!" She shouted. Everybody looked but carelessly turned back away. "Shh!"

To be continued...

Chapter 2 Coming Soon...

*009*2015-07-02 20:43

{{:

As others have said, you don't need to create an entirely new thread just for a new chapter (and especially not for a second part to the same chapter).

I've merged your two threads together and updated the threads title appropriately.

}}

Thanks for the reminder, I wrote it separately because I had no time to continue. But thanks for the advisor anyways.

