Kikuxyao Gakuen Omorashi

Author: おしっこ我慢

*000*2010-11-06 06:15

It was another long boring day for Wang-Yao. School time was passing dreadfully slowly. He stretched backwards in his chair, wishing it would go faster and he could get out of this class.

But no, it wouldnt. He sighed and wrote out a few half-assed answers on his answer sheet, casting eyes over towards Kiku, who was definetly into the work he was doing.

The other guys were either asleep or writing aswell.

He spent a while just staring blankly into space, before he took a glance at the clock. Still more than half an hour to go. Damn. How boring could the world get.

He looked over to Kiku again. He seemed to be working hard on his work sheet.

Aiyaaa, he's so smart, Yao thought, forcing himself to get back to work. He did want to look good for Kiku of course.

No, staring around the room like a dunce was not for Yao. He was smart, but this time could be much better spent, oh I dont know, planning where he could build something else. Maybe a ramen shop for Kiku.

Tap. Tap tap. He tapped his fingers impatiently against the desk. "Say in English, I'm sorry but I have to go." What kind of question is that? Uaah.

Oh crap. He found himself staring around the room again. Damn.

*He wrote something down, without care. He noticed a slight feeling of pressure in his lower abdoment. He looked at the clock again. Only two minutes had passed since the last time he had looked. How was that possible? It must have been at least twenty minutes. He sighed and went back to staring blankly at his paper.

*Tap tap tap. Damn, why is my English so bad? He thought. He rocked forward in his chair, oh so tempted to just rest his head on the desk like the less intellectually gifted students in his class and sleep. It was so quiet.

He could hear the scratching of pen against paper. Crtchcrtch. He shifted forward slightly to be more comfortable and realized nature's call was becoming stronger more quickly.

*Why did he need English anyway aru, he thought to himself, grumpily. He shifted in his seat and leaned forward a little to relieve some pressure on his bladder. He scribbled down some more answers on his sheet. He had no idea what he was writing, but maybe the time would pass faster with something to do, even something boring like English.

*Kiku coughed. Yao's head shot up. Kiku had actually moved from his spot, but swiftly returned to his paper. Damn, thought Yao.

10 minutes passed miserably. Why cant I concentrate aru ka?, thought Yao. He glared at his English paper. "Say in English, What is the time?"

Time to gooo, thought Yao, and once that thought entered his head he realized how full his bladder was becoming. He rocked a little in his seat.

Come on. I need to go. Come on. Come on.

*He stared expenctantly at the clock, somehow wishing it would suddenly speed up and class would be over. Twenty-five more minutes. He had to go bad. But he could wait, right? Of course, he told himself. It wasn't too bad yet. He glanced over at Kiku to make sure he wasn't watching before crossing his legs and rocking a little harder in his seat.

*"Alright everyone, please hand your sheets in to my desk now. " The scraping of chairs was heard as everyone got up to hand in their sheet. He looked at his sad attempt at English. The marks for that definetly wouldnt be worth writing home about. But a lineup had formed as the teacher slowly took in everyones papers. Yao didnt want to stand up that long. Just thinking about it made him squeeze his thighs together. Kiku stood up, and the lineup had ended just beside Yaos desk so thats where Kiku stood.

"Yao-kun, hello."

Yao froze.

''H-Hello, Kiku, aru.'' He said shakily. He looked down, not wanting to look Kiku in the eye. He didn't want to talk to Kiku now. He just wanted to go to the bathroom. The pressure at the base of his penis had grown to an almost painful extent.

He shifted slightly in his chair and turned away. Kiku gave him a strange look.

'Wont you hand your paper in, Yao-kun?' Instinctively Yao moved the sheet away from Kiku's eyes.

'I-in a minute, aru. The line is long.' Kiku gave him a polite nod and moved away. Once the line had disappeared, Yao stood, shot up to the desk and back to his seat before anyone could question the fullness of his bladder.

Wont class end? He thought, a sweat breaking out on his head. I dont know how long I can hold it.

He shifted from side to side in his seat, trying somehow to relieve some pressure. It only helped for about a second every time though. He took a deep breath and told himself he could hold it. He crossed his legs tight and leant forward, praying that it didn't look too obvious.

Suddenly the words "I'm sorry but I have to go."were echoing around in his head.

Have to go,

Have to go.

God, I have to! His hand shot up instinctively. Kikus head snapped sideways to look at him and he felt his hand slowly return to his lap, and once Kikus eyes returned to the front, the hand crawled onto his crotch and squeezed.

He squirmed about desperately. Now he was really worried he wouldn't be able to hold it. He could feel the massive volume of urine inside him pushing its way down. He turned away from Kiku as far as he could and held himself tight.

Wang-Yao, are you alright?' the words made his blood run cold. The teacher had spoken and everyone had turned to stare at him. He nodded, feeling his hands tremble as they slid away from his crotch. It was like taking the plug out of a drain. Immediately he doubled over, shaking, a slight cry escaped his lips as he felt his warmth touch his underclothes.

'Aiyaa!' Kiku was staring. Did he know?

He glanced over at Kiku who was indeed looking in his direction. Yao smiled at him awkwardly, and coughed oddly. What was he doing.

Kiku looked away again. Maybe he hadn't noticed after all.

But Yao was so desperate by now he considered just asking the teacher to go for a second. But then he thought better of it. He would probably say no, but even worse Kiku would find out.

'Tch...' What can I do? I dont...I dont think I can make it. These words scared him. Not in front of Kiku! Not in front of the...the entire class...aru...

Tears filled his eyes at the thought. He pulled at his crotch more, crossing legs over and making obvious holding patterns when he thought Kiku wasnt watching.

Kiku had of course, had his eye on Yao the entire time. His predicament was obvious.

Kiku sat there, happily watching Yao squirm. He chuckled under his breath. Yao was indeed desperate. Kiku imagined the amount of pressure there must be inside him that made him have to put such effort into holding. How cute. It made him harden a little.

Deep brown eyes watched Yao clenching his fingers on the desk, biting his lip, his whole body shuddering every time he lost a tiny bit of control.

I...I may have to speak with Yao after class, he thought, his cheeks reddening.

Yao didnt care about how obvious his desperation was. His pants were already soaked a little and he didnt know if he could keep it up any longer. Not long now. Only a few minutes. You can make it Yao.

Oh, I wish Kiku wasnt here. I would have run from the class if he wasnt. Heck, losing it wouldnt be half as bad as if Kiku was here.

He rocked on his chair, blushing heavily. He squeezed his throbbing penis as tight as he could between his thighs. With how hard he was squeezing, surely nothing could escape, he told himself. He could feel more urine forcing its way downwards. He shook with effort to hold on. It felt like his bladder was pushing down. He doubled over again. He had to hold it.

'Oohhh....' a shuddering moan escaped and a few people stared at him. He rested his head on the desk. Dont talk to me. Please, leave me alone, and when I wet myself on this chair, dont watch. Please Kiku. Dont watch.

Rubbing his thighs against each other couldnt stop the pain he was in. Then suddenly, the bell rang.

Yao's head spun with a sense of relief but also a feeling of panic. He slid a hand between his legs again and held tight. He watched as people gathered together their belongings and started out of the room. Hurry, hurry, hurry.

Especially Kiku seemed to be packing up far too slowly. Yao had to wait until he had left so that he could hold himself in peace without him seeing.

He remained in his seat, fiddling with his pencils. Come on Kiku. Go away. Please.

He took deep breaths and stood shakily. Turning his back, he stuffed the things into his bag.

'Yao-kun.' He stiffened and slowly stood to face Kiku.

No, no, no. Don't talk to me now! Yao didn't know what to say. He considered just running for it, but then realised he would probably wet himself before getting out of Kiku's site if he did so. ''K-Kiku.'' He yelped. He felt a little bit of urine spurt out. He quickly sat down.

'Yao, I...I would like to speak with you, if I can have a minute of your time.'

Yao didnt see the truth behind Kiku's hidden motives and could only think, I dont have a minute aru yo!

He bowed his head to hide the tears of urgency quivering on his eyelashes.

'Of course.'

Kiku's eyes travelled to Yao's crotch and noticed a faint dampness that made him harder than ever. He smiled at Yao warmly, purposely delaying his delivery of what he actually wanted to say. He could hardly concentrate with Yao so desperate. He enjoyed every second.

He watched him try to pretend this wasnt happening, like he wasnt going to lose control in front of him. Kiku was afraid Yao would suddenly announce that he had to go and run off. What could Kiku say, No, stay! I want to see you have an accident!

Hardly.

Yao shifted on the table. 'What did...what did you want to say, Kiku?

Kiku gave him a shy smile which melted Yao.

'I think....'

''I've been thinking lately...''

Yao stared up at Kiku. Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. He couldn't wait any longer. He gave a little squirm.

''Are you alright?'' Kiku asked. ''You look a little pale.''

Shut uppppp. Yao thought.

''Wh-What did you want to say aru ka..?'' Yao stuttered, looking away, still squirming.

'Ai..yaaaa...'he whispered as urine soaked his crotch and as he squeezed his legs together, it felt arousingly warm.

Kiku stared off into the distance and Yao became increasingly impatient.

'Please, I am in a bit of a hurry.' he whispered, blushing.

'Oh...are you? Where are you going?'

He didn't know what to say.

''Err...S-Somewhere.. aru..'' he muttered. He was becoming wetter by the second.

Kiku cocked his head to one side. He looked at Yao smiling innocently, secretly in great arousal.

Fine. If Kiku was just going to waste his time, Yao wasnt going to wait around.

'Im sorry, but I have to gp.

*go*" The words came flowing out of his mouth in perfect English, and blushing, he turned to hurry away when he felt a cool hand on his shoulder.

'Wait, Yao...I need to say something to you, it is just embarassing to....to say."

What? Yao stopped. His bladder pushed down hard. The pressure was too much to take now.

''A-Aiyaaaaaaaaah...'' He moaned, doubled over as he felt a huge spurt escape. And another. Now panicking, he tried to keep walking. He felt tears welling up in his eyes.

'Please, Yao, I...I want to know if you...if you'll.....date me.' he whispered.

Yao stopped in his steps and turned rigidly back to Kiku.

'I-Im sorry, I...I mustn't have heard you right...'

'I want to be with you, Yao!' Kiku said, forcefully.

''I-''

Before Yao could even think about what Kiku had said, he felt his bladder push down harder than ever. The pressure was so strong it hurt.

''N--Ngggngnggg..'' Yao whimpered as he shoved both hands between his legs. He squirmed madly but no matter how hard he tried he couldn't stop the now heavy flow of urine. No. No, no, no! He sunk to his knees.

He couldnt believe his eyes. He was happy enough to have seen even a hint of desperation from Yao...but now...he's fully...

His hands trembled as he watched Yao soak his pants in shame, tears on the edge of running down his cheeks. Kikus cock twitched at every slight moan Yao made.

Yao squirmed pathetically as he felt his bladder emptying.

''Oh my... Yao..'' He heard Kiku say. He didn't want to know what look Kiku had on his face. He just stared down at the floor, his eyes full of tears, not knowing what to do.

He gripped his crotch tightly as the warm urine pushed hard against the fabric of his pants, the soft skin of his hands. His puddle grew quickly and no amount of holding could stop it.

Kiku is too polite to say anything hurtful, but no doubt he was disgusted as Yao wet his pants shamefully.

''Yao...'' Yao felt a hand on his shoulder. He quickly shook it away, and started apologising like mad. He didn't know what he was saying. Why did Kiku have to choose this day to come talk to him? He was so embarassed and knew Kiku must hate him now. He sniffled weakly, attempting to wipe the tears out of his eyes with his sleeve.

'Kiku, Im s-so sorry!!' he didnt know what to say, he was just so humiliated.

'Ive, Ive had an accident aru!' Wow. Those words sounded so childish to him. Droplets of his "accident" dripped continuously from his crotch into his puddle.

Kiku stared down, not knowing how to respond. He felt so hard at Yaos humiliation.

'I can...see that, Yao-kun..' he whispered politely.

''Aiyaa... I... I'd better leave then...'' Yao stuttered. ''I'm so sorry... Aiyaaaah...'' He didn't move. He didn't know where to go.

Kiku stared at Yao's crotch, smiling awkwardly.

''D-Don't look aru!'' Yao turned away.

He awkwardly got to his feet, feeling the warm liquid dribble down his legs.

Kiku didnt want him to go. Yao started crying softly to himself. Kiku knew how he must have felt.

'Yao...I...' Yao shook his head, grabbing his bag and walking out of the room slowly.

''Wait, Yao..'' Kiku took hold of Yao's arm. Yao shivered.

''Don't cry, please.'' Kiku pulled him back and smiled warmly at him. Yao stared up at Kiku with a sort of horrified and teary expression on his face for a second before looking away again.

''Now I've ruined everything aru...'' He muttered.

'Dont touch me...please...' he wanted toget away from Kiku, go and cry and moan in humiliation.

'Please, Yao!' Kiku cried but Yao didnt seem to want to hear it. He kept hiding his cute eyes, all Kiku could see was a glowing blush on his wet cheeks.

Yao shooked him off and was going to make a run for it.

'Yao! I-I still meant what i said!' he cried.

Yao stopped with a second of hope. But then he realised Kiku surely couldn't have meant it. He was probably just trying to be polite. He started sobbing harder and started to run.

''Yao!'' Kiku started after him. He couldn't leave now.

'Kiku! I cant! Im s-so humiliated aru yo!!' he cried as he stumbled out.

Kikus eyes stung. 'Yao, I want to be with you!' he cried. And if he screwed this up, nothing would ever be seen. Go, run and get him!

At the last second, Kikus hand caught Yaos.

Yao tried to pull away but Kiku held his hand tight. He stared at Kiku, shaking with tears. He decided he might as well listen to what Kiku had to say. Nothing could get more humiliating anyway.

''Kiku... I'm so sorry...'' He repeated again and again.

He closed his eyes tight, breathing heavily, trying not to have a huge breakdown.

'Calm down, Yao...' he felt Kikus hand touch his face and wipe away his tears.

'Yao, I...Im the one who is sorry. I tried to make you stay longer and listen to me...' he whispered, his cheeks blushing.

'Im sorry for taking your dignity. Let me take this too...'

He took hold of Yao's hands.

''Don't cry. I won't tell anyone, okay?'' Yao was silent.

''How about you come round to my house?'' Kiku moved closer to Yao, their foreheads touched. ''We can have some tea and relax a little.''

*'No....Kiku, I-I couldnt aru. I need to go change.'

Kiku smiled softly. 'Its ok, come to my house and I'll take care of everything.'

Also he wouldnt mind seeing Yao in one of his kimonos. He hugged him and Yao felt bettter in the comfort of Kiku.

'Alright...'

Kiku pulled away and smiled at him intently. Yao stared back, still blushing heavily.

Kiku laughed. ''You look lovely.'' He leant forward and kissed Yao on the cheek.

Yao stared down at the floor, trying not to smile back.

Kiku tipped his chin up and stared him in the eyes. Yao melted.

'I want to be with you...Yao-kun.'

'Aiyaa......I....' he couldnt finish the sentence.

Yao slowly started to forget his humiliation. He blushed and shivered with happiness.

'I like you, Kiku.' he whispered, smiling bashfully. Kiku gave him a sweet smile.

They walked out of the school holding hands together.

