Brave New world (Teen Titans Fic)

Author: Nimbus

*000*2013-02-02 05:03

A bit of a foreword, this story takes place in a Post new frontier-esque world where super heroes are just now being accepted as heroes. The first four chapters will chronicle the origin story of the four female titans: Starfire, Huntress, Wondergirl and Arrowette. The fifth chapter will be the formation of the titans, including Damian Wayne, Impulse and Blue Beetle. This will probably be a seven chapter run, but if it is successful I may make a prequel involving WonderWoman, Catwoman, Powergirl and Black Canary. This world is the first in my DC Omo-verse reboot. Any other questions, just ask.

Chapter One: The Leader

Utter darkness enveloped the room, shallow breathing could be faintly heard coming from the far corner along with the occasional shift of fabric against fabric. Outside the large window, the swirl of darkness continued, with the added hazard of thick fog, visible from small fields of light originating from nearly useless street lamps. The thin crescent moon granted a sliver of light that only gave the fog a silvery glow.

In an instant the peace was disturbed by a blaring alarm. A startled gasp was uttered from the far corner as an adolescent girl was abruptly awoken from her slumber. She fumbled for her lamp switch before succeeded in illuminating the room. She quickly shielded her squinting eyes from the burning light with her hand. She groaned audibly as she hopped out of bed onto the cold hard wood floor.

The blonde girl cringed instantly, but continued onward, dressed in only white panties and a pink night shirt. As she approached the bathroom she began to lift her night shirt above her, revealing her ample breasts. Just before her shirt obscured her vision, she caught a glimpse of a silhouette outside her window. By the time she removed her shirt, it was gone.

A foreboding began to rise with in her, but she fought to suppress it. You’re imagining things, Cassandra. She scolded herself for over-reacting to a half asleep delusion. She shook her head as she slid her panties down her long silky legs before starting a hot shower to cleanse her body and more importantly, wake her up.

An hour or so later Cassandra was lacing her red converse sneakers, dressed in dark wash skinny jeans, and a hot pink t-shirt. She smiled as she shouldered her bag and started off towards school. She was a few blocks from her house when she felt a tug in her bladder. She grimaced inwardly as she realized she had forgotten to void her bladder prior to leaving her house.

No time to fixate on could-have-beens. Cassandra told herself. She took off into a jog, hoping to get to school in time to stop by the restrooms… if not god help her. She cursed under her breath as she pushed her way through the streets hoping to cut her twenty minute walk in half. “Shoulda took the bus.” She mumbled under her breath. No time for shoulda’s either. The people of Jumpy City became obstacles in Cassie’s path.

She constantly stumbled into pedestrians who lined the streets moving about their morning business. Typically she would stop and apologize but she had bigger problems than poor manners. She grit her teeth and kept her head up as she moved forward making sure to hang onto her bag as she navigated the streets of the busy city.

She grimaced as she seemingly felt the urine slosh around in her body. She picked up the pace as she continued forward dodging people like they were mere obstacles as she kept on hand on her back pack strap so she didn’t lose it amidst the crowds. She cringed as her urethra began to tingle, threatening to allow the pent up urine passage into her jeans. “No, no, no, no.” She groaned.

Her eyes darted for her least favorite shortcut. Within mere minutes she came into proximity of the alley way. She reluctantly made a sharp turn into the filthy passage and continued racing forward, knowing it would emerge on the other side of the block, giving her a straight thought to the school. On the other hand it also made sure there would be no witnesses if something went awry.

She didn’t ponder the circumstances as she ducked through the alleyway and skirted around trashcans and piles of trash. Right now, her bladder was the only thing that could potentially make life harder for her. At least that’s what she chose to believe. Of course, Murphy’s law decided to come in play. As she shifted around a corner and out of sight she was shoved against a wall.

“Ow!” She groaned as pain traveled shot from shoulder. Her eyes briefly caught a glimpse of a spray painted S-shield and a sense of irony momentarily passed through her brain. Where is her hero now?

Before she could fully react she was turned to see her assailant, a lean, dirty faced thug with a weathered beany and torn jacket. “Ay, sweet heart, are you going to make this easy for me.” He said flicking out a knife as he began to slice open her shirt.

“Ah!” Cassandra squealed as she struggled against his grasp. Her eyes were wide with fear and her knees began to go weak. She barely recognized the steady flow of hot pee pouring down her leg. “Get off!” She tried to shove him away but he held on with an iron grip.

“I guess no-“ He was cut short by a jet of fiery energy crashing into his body, sending it flying like a smoldering rag doll.

“Well that was hardly a demonstration worthy of the daughter of Zeus.” A sarcastic baritone mocked. A moment later a tall, handsome man appeared. He wore simple blue jeans and a button up dress shirt, that was left unbuttoned, showing off his prominent set of abs and pecks. His face bore a cocky smile and ruffled reddish brown hair fell just above his ears.

Cassandra retreated from the figure, her legs trembled as rivulets of golden pee continued to cascade down her thighs, soaking the fabric of her jeans. Her body shook as a puddle formed beneath her. She instinctively covered up her black bra from his sight. “W-who are you?”

“Aw, my own sis doesn’t recognize me.” He said with a smirk. “well half sis, anyway. We share the same dad. The big man upstairs,” He said making a snarky point towards the sky. “Zues. And for whatever reason daddy dearest has decided you are worthy of powers.” He rolled his eyes. Within a blink he was a mere foot from Cassandra and his hands grabbed her shoulders as they grew bright white.

Cassandra was unable to react and could only stand there as her stream of urine began to subside to a trickle before stopping all together. The next thing she knew she felt an overwhelming sense of power and pent up energy over take her. The world spun and she stumbled backwards just as everything fixed itself.

The man grimaced as he stepped out of her urine puddle and examined his sneakers. “Well sis, see ya.” He muttered. “Oh, and here’s this.” He said tossing her a glowing lasso. “I don’t think Zeus directly implied you were supposed to have this, but why not?” He turned to leave.

“You never answered my question.”

“Oh? Who am I? Well, the Romans call me Mars, the Greek call me Ares. Personally I prefer the latter. But I will also accept, ‘your royal highness, patron father of war.” He winked before vanishing.

Two Months Later

Cassandra found herself atop the roof tops of Jump City. She was dressed in jeggings, for style and mobility, and a red t-shirt with a golden W across the majority of the chest. Golden gauntlets protected her wrists and a red glowing lasso was suspended from her belt. He eyes searched through the darkness.

“Come on out Cheetah.” Cassandra coaxed, strutting forward. “I promise I won’t bite.”

“I can’t promise the same.” A voice snarled as a humanoid cheetah like creature leaped from the shadows, pouncing on Cassandra.

Cassandra hit the ground and rolled from the flurry of claws that Cheetah released. The villainess managed to leave deep cracks into the concrete roof as Cassandra pushed herself to her feet and brought one leg in an upwards sweep, connecting with Cheetah’s head.

“You will pay for that Amazon!” She hissed as she stumbled backwards.

“No, actually I am the greek demigod Wondergirl.” Cassandra smirked as she released a punch, connecting with Cheetah’s bare abdomen.

“Titles are meaningless for the dead.” The cheetah slashed at the young heroines body. Cassie managed to block the attacks with her Olympian guantlets.

“Come on Barbara, you have to do better if-“

She was cut short as the villainess feline manage to slice her arm. “Better than that?”

“Much.” Cassie grunted, instantly returned the attack with a bunch. Barbara managed to dodge most of the impact as she sprung backwards into a summersault.

“Careful to keep your ego in control. Arrogance makes the meat taste bitter.” She growled, leaping back at the demigod, her claws slicing across her stomach. Cassandra cringed as she fell back to the ground, kicking Cheetah’s feet out from under her.

Cheeta caught herself with a hand stand before propelling herself over Cassandra, landing gracefully on her feet as her tail swatted Cassie in the face.

“It’s time to end this.” Cassandra growled as she leaped to her feet and grasped her lasso. With nothing more than mere focus the glowing lasso shot at the villainess , entrapping her around the throat. The noose pulled tight as powerful lightning surged through the lasso, subduing the feline villainess . She slowly transformed from her cheetah form to her read haired mortal form, completely nude.

“This should be an interesting find for some cop.” Cassandra chuckled. She carried the limp body in her arms, checked for breathing, when she confirmed the villainess was stable she floated to the ground below and wrapped her in a trench coat before laying her in front of the police station. Even after the vigilante legislature had been lifted, it was still best for her too keep out of sight, especially with such a simple costume. She instantly took off in flight, hurtling through the sky away from the police station and back to her bed.

*002*2013-02-03 05:57

{{:

Omg this is brilliant !! I'm so glad I had waited for this , fantastic work omo I love it :)

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you think so. I was worried when I saw how short it looked on this site:)

*004*2013-02-04 19:09

{{:

I was hoping that this would be and Omofic from Brave New World upon seeing the first part of the title

}}

Err, sorry to disappoint. I wasn't aware that Brave New World was the name of a series.

*006*2013-02-05 05:51

{{:

Brave New World is a book.

}}

Sorry for the mix up. lol I did have (Teen Titans Fic) in the title so people would know what the story was about, guess it wasn't enough.

*008*2013-02-23 10:43

I am sorry for the quality of this post. I rushed through this thing within ten-twenty minutes. I just want to get to the other characters I guess:P

Chapter 2: the pariah

Rain fell in sheets around the slender silhouette as it made its way across the rooftops of Gotham City. The moon briefly illuminated the city before it passed behind yet another storm cloud. In that single moment the purple ensemble that compromised the Huntress uniform.

Her icy blue eyes drifted across the streets of Gotham, looking for her target. Her silky black hair billowed lightly in the winds as she stepped to the edge of the rooftop. Her shadow fell across the street as the moon slipped from the cover of a cloud. The familiar, almost batman like shadow stretched just in front of a lumbering man.

“I am not in the mood Batman.” An almost robotic voice called out.

“I’ll be sure to pass the message to him.” Huntress called down, leaping form her perch to the street below. Her cape billowed out around her, catching the air like a parachute as she landed gracefully on her feet. She was quick to act as she withdrew her signature minicross bow from her belt and sent a bolt flying at the man’s metallic armor.

“Yet another one of the dark knight’s lackeys. No matter.” He said plucking the arrow from his suit. “You will have to excuse me. I have other matters to take care of.” He said firing a beam from a futuristic gun.

“Gah!” Helena cried as her arm was encased with ice against the building she leaped from. “Fries!”

“It appears you already have.” He said as he turned to leave.

“Not funny!” She cried as she struggled to pull free from the ice trap. Her plight was answered by another blast from the freeze ray and her other hand froze to the same encasement of ice. “Dammit Victor!” She swore as she began to push against the wall with her feet. Eventually the icy man left and Helena was stuck leaning against the wall in a very uncomfortable position.

She groaned as she crossed her legs and rested her head against the wall. She began to tap her feet as she frowned as she attempted to wiggle her fingers from behind the ice. She began to pick up the pace in which she tapped her feet. “So not the time…” She mumbled as she leaned away from the ice, hoping to break free. She exhausted every method in her immediate arsenal, but without her hands, Helena was helpless to escape the ice trap.

“Not good.” She groaned as she tightened her legs around each other. She blushed as she imagined how the sight looked. The great Huntress, hands encased in ice, legs crossed as she desperately fought to contain her urine. She blushed harder as she began to shiver. “I am going to kick his ass.” She said through gritted teeth as she grudgingly relaxed and leaned against the wall, making sure to keep her legs crossed.

What felt like hours, but in reality must have been one hour at the most, later Helena was approached by a common street thug. The dirty villain flashed a yellow grin at what he assumed was an easy target.

“Hey, sweetheart. It must be your lucky day.” He said with the same, disgusting grin. He swaggered over to her drawing a knife.

“Today, on the other hand, isn’t your lucky day.” She confirmed as she tore her hands from the ice and sent a kick flying towards his head, instantly knocking him out. “oh!” She cried as she shoved her hands into her crotch. She wrinkled her face as she felt the urine slosh around in her bladder. “That was NOT a good idea.” She managed to regain her composure and quickly started off one Fries’s trail. Fortunately he wasn’t exactly subtle and left a trail leading directly to him, and the Gotham Bank.

“Hey, Mr. Freeze, we have some unfinished business.”

“Oh, you again?”

“Don’t give me such a cold shoulder.”

“Ha.” He groaned, annoyed. His ice beam shot in her direction once again. She cartwheeled out of its path. She grit her teeth as she felt a spurt of hot pee seep into her panties. This was yet another bad idea to add to her pile. She withdrew her crossbow again and sent an explosive bolt into his gun. The Ice ray ruptured immediately sending frozen gusts within the ten foot radius, as well as encasing Victor in a prison of ice.

“It almost seems poetic.” She smiled as she started off. “Now to find a bathro-“

“Stop in the name of the law!”

“Of course.” Helena groaned as she raised her arms only to hear gun fire aimed in her direction. “What the hell?” She cried hitting the ground as hot lead flew overhead. She immediately rolled and turned to face her attackers. Her efforts were rewarded with a bullet connecting with her chest. She cried out as her body was sent backwards. Fortunately her suit spared her of any serious injury; however the shock of the impact relinquished her control over her bladder.

She winced as she felt hot pee gush out of her urethra, soaking her panties and seeping out of her leg holes into a puddle beneath her. “Great.” She groaned as she passed out.

*010*2013-03-17 08:27

So here is a model of how I imagine Cissie:)

$$

Chapter 3: The Victor

Cissie’s legs trembled as she drew her bowstring back. She bit her lip lightly as she released the arrow and watched it easily slice through a bulls-eyes. Of course it did, she could hit that target mid-flip, a simple pee dance was nothing. The blonde archers paced around the cement floor of the large hangar like room that was filled with targets and a complicated series of walls, pillars and many other obstacles that formed an obstacle course of a maze that only a life-long athlete could ever HOPE to complete.

It wasn’t the first time Cissie had been in this situation. Since the time she was old enough to draw back the string of a compound bow she was stuck spending four eyes in the “quiver”, as her mother called it, honing her skills. Of course it had paid off, last year at the summer Olympics she became the youngest gold medal archer at the age of fifteen.

Gold medal or not, Cissie wasn’t nearly as fond of her skills as her mother was. Her mother was overbearing to say the least. She was an Olympic archer as well, but had less success: silver medal, brief career as a vigilante before she was apprehended and barely avoided death row. So of course the prideful women decided to live her life through her “prodigal” daughter.

Cissie doubled over as she drew the string back, she held the bow sideways and aimed it up, firing yet another bulls eye. Tears welled up in her eyes; this was worse than anything Cissie had ever endured. She had been desperate too pee before, but never this badly. She wondered how long it had been, her mother never allowed her a clock in the room.

In fact, aside from a pair of yoga pants, a sports bra, tennis shoes and of course her bow and arrows, she wasn’t allowed to bring anything in the room. “No time for nonsense.” Cissie’s mother had often said.

Cissie rolled her eyes at her mother’s strict training regimen for her: sit-ups, push-ups etc. before school, four hours of training with a bow after school, gymnastics on the weekends, MMA every Tuesday and Thursday and even the stupid trapeze class when she was younger. She barely had time for homework, and no time for friends or TV, despite the flat screen that resided in her bathroom.

She glanced down at her grey yoga pants with no desire to seem them darken with glistening wet patches. She contorted into an odd shape as her body erupted in agonizing desperation. Her gaze rose to the ceiling to find another target which found itself holding an arrow in its center.

Cissie grit her teeth as a drop of golden pee seeped into the fabric of her thong. She winced but allowed herself to shoot another arrow into a bull’s eye. She groaned as she prepared for her next shot. She loosened her body up and froze as she waited for her bladder to adjust. She managed to contain her bladder with only her sphincter muscles but only just. She took a deep breath and broke out into a run.

She performed a one handed hand spring and as soon as her hand left the ground it pulled the string of the bow back and fired an arrow into a target midway through her arc. She landed with a jolt to her bladder but ignored the second drop. Her mother wouldn’t be satisfied it she wasted time catering to her bladder, besides what hero would waste time with such a trivial need?

Oh yes, another one of her mother’s plans. Cissie was training not only to be a gold medalist, no she already achieved that, now she was training to become a vigilante. Why not? The public was beginning to accept vigilantes after the attack from the war world. So of course her mother began to sew her a costume while she continued her training with the eventual plan to patrol the streets as a vigilante.

Cissie barely realized she was slide through a tube until she emerged from the other side and sent an arrow immediately into another target. She brought her knees to her chest and launched them forward so that she propelled herself to her feet instantly sending yet another arrow into a target.

Her urethra was in agony as pent up urine sloshed around her bladder, begging for release. The run was helping but not by much. (If only I had a plug arrow) Cissie mused as she grabbed another quiver of arrows from the ground to replace her empty one. She raced off again towards another series of targets as pee spurted into her thong.

She glanced down to make sure there wasn’t a wet spot as she drew back her bow. Satisfied that there wasn’t she released the arrow into a target and continued on. She dove forward and managed to send two arrows before she was on her feet. One went over the obstacle before her, mid dive, the other to her left immediately after colliding with the ground.

She was on her feet again but at a slower pace. Her bladder began to feel like she was lugging around a cannon ball in her gut. Even her abs was missing and a bulge in their place. She winced as every step sent a jolt to her bladder that was sloshing with golden liquid searching for release. Cissie tried to keep up her pace but with every target she was dragging her feet more and more.

She dove sideways behind a pillar sending an arrow into a target. The hard landing sent a drizzle of urine free. She was still lying on her side when she gasped; hot pee began to seep from her urethra and into her yoga pants. The fabric gradually began to glisten around the crotch before two trails began to form leading down the side. She winced despite the euphoria of the relief. Golden rivulets rolled down her right thigh as her hands grasped her crotch. She managed to stem the flow and rise to her feet.

She glanced down at a coaster sized puddle and then her legs. Her crotch had a large stain and two trails rain sideways. Her face burned like a red flame. (Oh god, I’m actually wetting myself!) She strained to move forward and continue firing at target, but now she was stuck walking.

Even at her steady pace she was in agony. Every other step sent a drop of urine free, eventually the warmth of the soggy fabric began to grow cool. Her body trembled but she never managed to miss a bull’s eye. (Oh God!) She desperately thought, wishing nothing more than too hold herself. She entered a circular chamber with several targets for her.

Cissie couldn’t deny the immense relief she took in not having to walk, at least for a little while. She instantly wrapped her legs tightly around each other and began selecting targets to fire at. Her body began to shake and it took her longer to aim. Her bladder began to resound with a stabbing pain in her lower abdomen. Her urethra was practically on fire as she released arrow after arrow.

Despite her plight, she eventually grew too weak to fight her urge. Hot pee began to leak from her urethra in golden rivulets that slowly cascaded down her thigh. Her skin tight yoga pants began to reveal the stream as it darkened and glistened with warm wetness. Her butt began to grow damp and warm, the fabric formed a large heart like wet patch that glistened and expanded.

Cissie’s bow clattered to the floor along with the arrow she never managed to nock. Both hands immediately flew to her crotch as she tried to desperately stop the flow. She trembled her hands proved futile and were only saturated with hot pee. Cissie winced and bent her head back, eyes shut tight.

Golden pee was now gushing out of her body and streaming down her long legs, the streams were visible from outside the fabric as the rivulets streaked behind her legs and began to drizzle to the ground in several small streams. The fabric of her yoga pants seemed to ripple with the flow of urine as it grew darker and darker and began to glisten.

Cissie finally removed her hands too find them dripping with urine and fell to her needs. Golden pee began to pour from her and soaked the butt of her pants before rolling down her ankles and heels too form a puddle below. Her head slumped forward and her golden hair hid her blushing face. She resigned to wet herself and took no pleasure in the humiliating release.

A large golden puddle began to expand beneath her. Ripples spread throughout it as more and more golden liquid began to release itself. Rivulets ran down her thighs and calfs in chaotic patterns, her yoga pants showed several dark glistening streaks that began to connect and intertwine until nearly her entire pants were dark grey, almost black, and glistening with wetness.

The warmth was almost a welcome compared to the chill of the room, nevertheless Cissie felt absolutely disgusted by her embarrassing accident. Her hands hung limply at her sides and her finger tips brushed through the expanding puddle. She winced in disgust and rose to her feet as her bladder finally emptied itself. Golden rivulets that had collect on her before, now fell to the ground below.

She remained in her place until her legs were only dripping with urine. She cast her gaze to her bow that was just out of proximity of her puddle of pee. She glumly picked both up and headed for the doorway. She attached the bow to her back and waited at the door in her most passive pose she had ever found herself in.

Her right arm loosely clutched the wrist of her left, which hung to her side. Her right leg bent back slightly and fell behind her right, it’s toe barely touching the ground. She bit her lip as her mother opened the door and found her urine soaked daughter.

Bonnie froze, shocked. She wasn’t sure what to do. Her daughter had never wet herself before, she wasn’t sure what she was supposed to do. “Uh.” She stalled. “Go get cleaned up.”

Cissie’s eyes widened. She had expected to be punished. (How many teenage girls wet themselves? I acted like a little baby. How am I not in trouble?) She didn’t ask her question aloud, and instead left the room silently and went to take a shower.

Cissie took a cold shower, no longer enjoying the sensation of hot water running down her body. In fact the thought of it disgusted her. She shook her head and allowed herself to cry. Her tears mingled with the running water and her sobs were drowned out by the shower. She remained under the flow until she finally regained her composure and thoroughly washed her body of sweat and urine. When she was sure she was clean and all cried out, she shut off the flow and left the bathroom in a towel.

She cast her gaze to the sopping pile of wet clothes and frowned, she was about to start a wash for it when her mother called her too their living room. She entered the room, which was surprisingly homey for two people who rarely resided in it. A large television rested in the middle, one couch sat several feet in front of it and a recliner sat at an angle facing it. In the center of the room was a coffee table covered in old magazines, and new ones alike. A picture of some mountains rested against the far wall, near a window that revealed a small neighborhood within Jump City. The strangest object; however, was a large white cover over some hidden object.

“Suzanne, I have something for you.” Her mother said warmly. She pulled the cover to reveal a mannequin dressed in a super heroine costume. A red mask covered the mannequins eyes and forehead. A skin tight midriff shirt, that was almost short enough to be a sports bra, covered the torso along with a strap to a large metallic quiver full of carbon arrows. A white tennis skirt with a golden waist band covered its waist and groin area. Red flat thigh high boots leaned against along with red leather archery gloves that reached too the elbow.

“Wow!” Cissie gasped. Despite her general apprehension to her mother’s ideas she was amazed at the costume. She loved it.

“I’m taking it that you like it, Arrowette?”

X

Cissie hid behind a rooftop generator as she shimmied her leg into her last boot. She piled her street clothes together before she pulled the quiver over her shoulder and onto her back. She rose to her feet, admiring how flexible the boots actually were. Her costume actually felt as good too wear as it was to look at. She grabbed her red bow and peered over the generator and glanced into the window of the empty airport. She drew a zip-line arrow. She attached one end to the building behind her and shot the arrow through the window sinking into a wall.

She attached a hook to the wire and slid down the line, across the street and inside the airport. Cissie drew a blunt arrow and crept through the room. The sound of gunfire came a short distance away. She immediately took off in a sprint, her bow still drawn back as she round the corner to see a young girl dressed in a simple white dress, hiding behind a food stand. A henchmen chased after her firing his pistol.

Arrowette didn’t waste any time and sent the arrow flying, easily knocking out the criminal. She approached the younger girl and knelt next to her, noticing a puddle of urine beneath her. “Hey, do you know what’s going on?”

“My uncle is trying to kill me!” She cried in a hushed tone.

“What, why? Was that him?” Cissie asked.

“No, that was one of his servants. My uncle is Count Vertigo and I believe he wishes to kill me to gain throne of Vlatava. I am Queen Perdita.” She announced, ignoring her puddle of urine.

“Well I am honored to be in your presence my highness.” Arrowette bowed politely.

“Thank you.” Perdita answered unsure of what to say.

Two more goons came down the hall and Arrowette drew another trick arrow and sent it flying at them. The arrow ruptured and formed a net that ensnared both men and instantly became alive with electricity.

A wall exploded to her right. Cissie drew an arrow but froze when she noticed it was a local superheroine, Wondergirl.

“Whose that?” The queen asked.

“A good guy.” Cissie answered as she rose to her feet.

“Hey, I’m on your side.” Cissie called.

“Glad to hear it.” Wondergirl replied. “I take it that she is Queen Perdita?”

“Yeah, I’m escorting her to safety. You are welcome to help.” Cissie replied helping the girl to her feet.

Cassie nodded and flew over to the girls.

“We can help too.” Answered a young boy, about twelve. He was surprisingly muscular for his size with dark hair and a red costume she recognized as batman’s sidekick’s costume. Robin. His friend was an older, attractive girl with raven hair and a mostly purple costume. Huntress.

“We can watch your back, while you too pave a way.” Huntress said.

“I feel so honored to be in the presence of so many powerful people.” Cissie remarked as she grabbed the young girls hand and led her towards the shattered window. Their escape was interrupted by a powerful explosion. Cissie was launched through the air as a wall of fire erupted from the ground. She seemed to move in slow motion as she reached out and caught the Queen just as Cissie crashed onto her back.

“Guess we’re not going that way.” Wondegirl chuckled.

“Funny.” Cissie muttered as she helped the Queen to her feet and ushered her into the opposite direction.

The group raced through the airport in search of a viable exit. Cissie occasionally fired arrows at enemies but mostly kept to comforting Perdita while her allies took out henchmen left and right. They finally found themselves in the parking garage.

“Almost there.” Cassie announced.

“Obviously.” Robin rolled his eyes.

“Shut up, Damian.” Helena groaned.

“Well, she is really letting her blonde side show.”

“What’s wrong with blondes?” Arrowette asked.

“Well they obviously don’t know how to come up with super hero costumes.”

“Whatever.” Cissie said with no real idea for a comeback. They were racing to get from the eighth floor to the ground floor when another explosion interrupted their progress. Cissie felt the ground fall from beneath her. Perdita fell with her. Cissie gripped her tightly as the fell down several floors before she crashed onto solid cement, somehow alive. Perdita was in much better condition somehow.

Cissie released Perdita who immediately hid behind a car. Cissie groaned as she pulled her quiver from behind her back, cringing. She removed an arrow as she saw a tall man in a green cape approached.

“Relinquish the girl.” He demanded.

“Never.” Cissie said as she rose to her feet. She moved to protect Perdita when Count Vertigo pressed a mechanism on his temple. Instantly the world began to spin. Cissie struggled to walk, she nocked her arrow and aimed only to find far too many Count’s. She fell to the ground and released the arrow anyway only to find it pass through one of the many Count’s. She curled in a ball, no longer able to too tell what was up and down.

“Don’t hurt her!” She demanded. She grit her teeth. (I can’t give up like this. I can’t let her die!) She fought to rise to her feet. It took her moment to realize she was already standing again. She moved towards Perdita but found herself getting further way. She fell over. “No!”

“Amazing. Not even a solider should be able to stand. What is your drive to protect a girl you don’t even know?”

“She’s innocent.”

“So?”

“So I won’t let you kill her!” She tried to charge him but slammed to the ground and caused her nose to bleed.

“Your valiance is almost noble… I mean stupid.” Vertigo announced as he moved toward Perdita. He was interrupted as a red blur crashed into him. A tall teen boy with dark reddish hair in a red and white costume dangled his mechanism in front of the man.

Instantly the world righted itself and Cissie dashed for Perdita. The other teen heroes finally decided to make an appearance and apprehended the Count. Arrowette finally managed to escort the queen to her guards below. She was on her way to leaving to her house when the group dropped by, led by Wondergirl.

“Hey, we were talking while you saved Perdita we were talking and… we think that we can form a team.”

“The teen Titans.” The speedster named impulse interrupted.

“right. And we were hoping you would join us.”

“Of course!” Cissie answered immediately.

Next chapter will be the last sadly, but will include starfire and raven.

*012*2013-03-22 03:38

So for imagery purposes below is an image of the model for Starfire

$$

A teenage girl sat atop the ledge of one of the many skyscrapers in Jump City. Her barefeet dangled off the edge below, long red hair ran nearly the entire length of her back and seemed to flow like a billowing flame. Her groin and breast areas were covered by a two piece violet swimsuit she had stolen from someone’s backyard.

The alien shuddered as she recounted her arrival to earth. She had fled from her homeworld after her own sister sought to execute her. Using her own flight energy she managed to escape her own planet’s atmosphere and carry her body the twenty six light years from her planet of Tamaran to Earth in a stasis similar to cryogenic coma. Her royal uniform had burn off upon entry of the earth’s atmosphere leaving her nude and alone.

Starfire shook the thoughts from her head and turned her attention to the setting sun. Her eyes followed the clouds nearest to the horizon as they slowly drifted out of sight amidst the red skies. The colors slowly grew deeper and darker as it transitioned from scarlet, to violet then the deep indigo of night.

Starfire slowly leaned backwards until her back rested on the smooth cement rooftop. Her legs still dangled below as she fell asleep staring at the few stars that dared to show themselves in the Jump City skyline.

Starfire was awoke to an odd tickle in her urethra. She instantly shoved her hand between her legs as her body began to alert her to its need to void itself of liquid. Even her Tamarian biology couldn’t continue without the need for a restroom and she desperately needed one.

Though Tamarians spoke English, oddly enough, it was apparent that certain terms didn’t translate to English. One term in particular, Starfire learned, only gained odd looks from citizens she spoke to on the streets. She couldn’t find the earth term to express her need to urinate and eventually found it futile and flew to her perch atop the sky scraper she woke up on.

Regardless of her conversational block she needed to pee! She began to squirm as she descended to the ground below in search of someone she hoped to speak too. Her body slowly drifted to the ground and despite her skimpy attire, she blended in well among the citizens of Jump City. Her eyes darted among the crowd of people as she tried to speak.

“Hello”, “Excuse me”, “Boarse Squadley?”

“Lawlip?”

“Help!”

She tried to gain their attention to no avail.

She was beginning to give up when she saw a girl in a purple cloak dart into an alleyway. Starfire assumed it would be easier to gain someone’s attention if they were alone; with this in mind she followed the odd girl.

“Hello, you!” Starfire called as she floated after the pretty girl.

The girl turned around. “Go away.” He tone was calm and devoid of emotion.

“I just require your assistance, I need to find a… facility to… remove the liquid from my body?” She tried to explain her need.

The girl froze in response trying to decipher her message. “Do you mean a restroom?” She asked in a monotone voice.

“Yes, a restroom!” Starfire rejoiced.

The girl began to reply when she began to tremble, her eyes flicked between their normal hue and bright glowing red before settling on the latter. She released a blood curdling shriek and arced her bag, hovering in midair for a short moment.

Starfire stepped backwards, holding herself in order to avoid wetting herself at the frightful display.

The girl fell to her feet. Her smile twitched to a sinister smirk. She uttered a few undecipherable words, her normal voice nearly drowned out by a demonic overtone. Starfire couldn’t react before her body was encased in a black shell of energy as it was propelled backwards.

The other girl took off in a flight, assuming Starfire would be incapacitated. Starfire was fine however, and despite a coaster sized wet patch on the butt of her bikini, she rose unscathed. She was however, beginning to feel herself grow increasingly desperate.

Her eyes began to glow bright green as she hurtled after the cloaked girl. “Excuse me, but that wasn’t very nice.” Starfire called to her. She received no reply.

“I’m sorry, but I was talking to you.” She cried as she launched an orb of green energy at her attacker. The girl recoiled and began to fumble through the air before regaining her composure. She turned, uttered another few undecipherable words and Starfire found herself slamming to the sidewalk below. Even she couldn’t take that much abuse and she began to lose consciousness as a dark yellow puddle began to form beneath her.

Starfire awoke sometime later to find an ensemble of teens in colorful clothing standing above her.

“What is it and girls not controlling their bladders?” Damian asked.

Helena flicked the bratty Robin in the ear.

“Are you ok?” Cassie asked helping the Tamarian to her feet.

Starfire gazed down to find herself dressed in civilian clothing: violet skinny jeans, black high heels and a violet helter top. “I’m… ok.” Starfire said as she admired her clothing.

“Sorry, Huntress was the only one whose clothes fit on you. Apparently she only wears purple.” Cassie replied.

“It’s ok... I like purple.”

“Great. Now who attacked you?” Arrowette inquired.

“A girl with a purple cloak and…”

“Magical powers and flight?” Impulse asked.

“Yes… how did you know that?” Starfire tilted her head.

“Because she’s coming in.” He replied. Just then the windows of Titan Tower (which despite Impulse’s suggestion, was not shaped like a giant T) erupted in shards of glass as a street light sliced through and stabbed itself onto the far wall, in the middle of a large metallic T.

The girl from earlier entered through the shattered window. “Hello.” The demonic voice spoke. “Teen Titans.” It uttered the two words in a mocking tone.

“Who are you?” Wondergirl asked as she reached for her lasso.

“I am the demon Trigon, inhabiting the body of my Daughter ‘raven,’ as she likes to be called now.”

“Well Trigon, I hate to break it to you, but we don’t appreciate you breaking in here.” Wondergirl replied.

“Pun not intended.” Impulse interjected.

“That wasn’t a pun. She just said the same word twice.” Arrowette corrected she nocked an arrow and drew the string back.

“You foolish mortals, dare attack the great Trigon?”

“More like the great Trigon dares to attack the Teen Titans!” Impulse shouted as she sped towards the floating girl.

Trigon uttered another phrase and he was sent flying back where he collided with Damian. The two were knocked out upon impact with the ground. Wondergirl hurled her lasso which was crackling with electricity but Trigon’s magic caught it midair and caused it to capture both Cissie and Helena. The two archer themed heroines spasmed from the voltage before the passed out.

Wondergirl herself was encased in a flowing black forcefield, only her silhouette was visible from within.

“I won’t allow you to hurt these people!” Starfire cried sending a large blast of green energy at Raven. Trigon screamed and for a brief moment Raven’s eyes returned to normal. In that moment she uttered a phrase in her natural monotone voice and the world went black for Starfire.

When her vision returned, Starfire found herself in a negative version of the room she previously resided in. To her right Raven stood in white clothing, before her another raven floated in black robes.

“I’m going to need your help to do fight my father.” Raven said as the black cloaked raven spoke with Trigon’s voice.

“Stand down, daughter.” He demanded.

“Never!” She replied defiantly.

“Very well then.” He uttered another incantation and four more raven’s appeared. Starfire instantly engaged in battle with the shadows of the true Raven alongside the real one. After a while the two heroines found themselves facing off against Trigon, still using Raven as a vessel.

“I repent you!” Raven cried as she screamed her father was encased in dark energy and his physical body began to fade and dissipate.

The world returned to normal and Raven was back in her purple cloak, slumped over in exhaustion. Wondergirl broke free of her prison.

“Not cool.” She leaned against the wall, gazing at her friends. “I saw everything, seems you are yourself.”

“My father won’t return.” Raven agreed.

“Great… you know… We could use someone as powerful as you two on our team. Are you up for it?”

“Definitely.” Starfire agreed.

“…That would be nice.” Raven admitted.

You have no idea how happy I am to be finished with this story. Now I can begin writing Smallville High:)

*014*2013-03-22 21:44

{{:

Ooh Smallville, can't wait to see Lana, Lois and Chloe wet themselves!

}}

It is actually named after the fictional school and not the show. It will revolve around revamped characters from my Last Daughter of Krypton story.

