Short erotic fiction

Author: LieutenantBunny

*000*2012-10-15 23:12

I stand up in front of him and lean in for a kiss. I always kiss him before I leave the room. He pulls me down into his lap, my knees straddling him and my feet hanging off the edge of the couch. His hands are around my waist, gently holding me in place.

"Daddy, I have to pee."

He's my boyfriend, but I call him Daddy. His insistance on being called Daddy reminds me that he is in charge and mildly embarrasses me. There is something humiliating about the looks on peoples' faces when they hear a grown woman referring to her lover in the way that a child refers to their parent, asking permission and following orders. His grip tightens and he tells me I can wait ten minutes. My bladder feels swollen. It's uncomfortably full. I squirm in his lap a little and wrap my legs around his back in the hopes that feeling less splay-legged will help me to not have an accident. I had a small accident in his pajamas last week and he did not seem amused. Satisfied that I'm following instructions, Daddy goes back to texting as I rest my head on his shoulder. My urethra tingles and I feel a couple of drops leak into my underwear. I really don't think I can wait ten minutes.

"Oops."

My hands shoot down to my now-damp pussy. pee is dripping through them onto the crotch of his pajamas as I struggle to regain control.

"Are you touching your holes?"

"Yes, Daddy. No, Daddy. I mean, they're your holes, Daddy, but I'm touching them."

I remove my hands and squeeze every muscle in my vagina as tight as I can.

"Damn right they're my holes. Did I tell you to touch my holes?"

"No, Daddy. I'm sorry."

His hand slides under my waistband.

"Mine."

He rests his palm on my pubic bone and slowly strokes his finger from the back of my slit all the way up to my clitoris, just under the hood. He pulls his hand out, tastes his finger and sticks it back in.

"You're wet. I mean, you just peed in my lap, but you're also wet. You enjoyed that. You liked wetting all over your clothes and your daddy."

The hand teasing my pussy is agonizingly slow. I feel like I'm going to explode in one way or another. He's teasing me. I start slowly moving my hips against his fingers. I can't help the small moan of pleasure that comes out of my throat. I'm trembling from the effort to contain my pee. I feel the first stirrings of an orgasm.

"Do you want to come?"

"Yes. May I please come, Daddy?"

"No."

Everything comes to a full stop. If I stay still I'll flood my pants, Daddy's lap, and the couch. If I move, I'll come and probably still flood my pants, Daddy's lap, and the couch. Something, hopefully pussy juice, oozes into the gusset of my panties.

"You don't get to come until you finish what you've started."

Either he's letting me off the hook or it's been ten minutes. It felt like two hours. I stand up and start to walk to the bathroom.

"No. If wetting your panties turns you on so much, you'll finish it right here."

He pulls me back down into his lap again, facing out this time with my arms pinned behind my back. He spreads my legs and holds them open with his feet. His hand goes back into my pants, resting casually on the outside of my damp underwear.

"I can't pee now."

"I can wait."

He goes back to texting. I peed in his lap when I was supposed to wait for the bathroom, and now when I'm being told to pee I've gone all shy. I'm going to be in trouble no matter what. Adults aren't supposed to pee themselves. Women in their mid twenties should be able to control their bladders. Either I'm not doing what I'm told or I'm making a huge mess on him and the furniture. The wet parts of my clothes have started to go cold. I might as well relax and enjoy it. I take a deep breath, exhaling as I lean back against his chest. More urine leaks out of my pussy. The liquid starts to seep up my buttcrack.

"Good girl."

Daddy starts massaging my cunt again, moving his fingers in circles and pushing gently on the outside of my abdomen.

"There's my perverted little slut. Do you like wetting yourself all over my lap while I rub your pussy?"

"Yes, Daddy. Your pussy, Daddy."

The feeling of his fingers on my clit while hot pee pours out of me is incredible. I start grinding my hips around, sandwiched between his hand and his groin. His dick is hard, pressing against my asscrack through the sopping wet fabric. I'm in heaven and I'm about to come so hard. My whimpering noises of arousal turn into a moan that comes from my belly. There's a jolt and a smacking noise as Daddy slaps my pussy.

"What did I tell you? If you want to be my dirty pee whore you have to finish wetting before you can come. You don't get to come yet."

I can hear drops of pee falling off the couch and hitting the floor. The last bit of pee trickles into my panties. Everything pressed against my pussy and asshole is wet and gooey from pee and my juices. I halfway hump his lap again and his hand closes around my throat. The other one starts rubbing my cunt through my underwear again, pressing harder now.

"Daddy, please fuck me. Please fuck your holes."

"First you're going to come like this. You like doing things in your underwear, don't you? You like making a mess of your panties. Filthy bitch."

"Yes, Daddy. I'm your filthy bitch. May I please come?"

…silence. His breath is hot on my neck. He's got a mouthful of the skin below my ear.

"May I please come, Daddy?"

"Yes you may, little girl. Come on your daddy's pee soaked lap in your wet pants. Come for me."

I'm pretty much immobile. The muscles in my vagina contract and I come. Grinding into his lap and straining against his legs with mine. I want his beautiful dick thrusting inside me. I want to be full of his cock. I want to come on it so hard it's like I'm giving him a handjob with my cunt.

"Thank you, Daddy."

"Anything for you, baby. Got to take care of my girl. Now clean off my balls with your tongue."

