Doraemon Series fanfiction

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-12-27 13:48

Alright, I've decided to do a fanfiction of my favorite Japanese anime which actually goes all the way back to the 1970s.

A robot cat has come to help Nobita because he is always getting in trouble by his mom for poor grades, bullied by Jian because he is basically a coward and weak, and given problems by all sorts of other things.

The robot cat that has come back to help him attempts to help him, but it being set up by a kid, it's solutions are not really perfect and well, I hope this takes off here as I put in my own tweaks in this loveable anime to give his crush a few embarrassing moments.

Now, no a side note, Doraemon has actually had one wetting scene in it where Nobita, the main character actually wet himself because he had tried to get away from his mom by making her climb too many stairs through one of the gadgets that was provided by Doraemon, but then when he has to use the bathroom, he finds that he has to run all the way down the stairs and doesn't make it, and to make it worse, his crush happened to be on the stairs at the time!

Well, without further ado...

Doraemon

Episode 1: (Not original, but my fan fic 1)

"Nobita!" his mom was calling his name yet again because of something. Not wanting to even know why he was being summoned by his mom, he hid out upstairs in his room pretending to do homework at his desk so his mom wouldn't guess that he was just ignoring her.

"Jeez," he thought to himself. "It's not even an hour after school, and already mom is yelling at me for something. Can't she ever take a break and just watch television or something?"

Nobita has an average frame which appeared quite weak, he had round glasses that made him look like a nerd, and he wasn't particularly good at sports or anything else as far as anyone could tell, but still, he seemed very friendly, and even put up with the bullies of his life calling them friends.

"There you are," his mom finally came up and found him studying. "Why are you studying?" she asked him with suspicion thick in her throat.

"Because you told me to do so after school every day," he said coyly not looking up from his Kanji (spelling) homework.

"Don't get sly with me, young man. You know you never do what you're supposed to unless you are trying to avoid taking responsibility for something else that you think you are in trouble for."

"I don't even know what I did," he mumbled down at the floor.

"This," his mom produced his latest Social Studies test result. "Your teacher was sure you would try to hide it, so he hand delivered it to me so I would see it."

"Oh," he scratched the back of his head unconsciously. That was the test he forgot to study for and had scored only like ten points on.

"Oh? Is that all you can say?" she asked him. "Well, your teacher has been kind enough to decide that you can take the test again tomorrow at recess, but that means you need to study for it this time, so get your books out and study for it."

"All right, all right, I am."

Nobita dug into his books looking for his notes on the prefectures of Japan. Yes, is a fifth grader, and just as American kids learn about the States of America in fifth grade, so too, do they learn about the Prefectures of Japan. There are 47 such 'States' in Japan split among four main Islands and Okinawa as the 47th. Hokkaido is the largest and takes up the norther Island completely.

Now, as Nobita studied the states, something quite disturbing and life altering happened. He was just looking over the norther region of Honshu Island when he heard some thumping in his closet to the left of his study area. Now it should be mentioned that at this point, his room had no visible bed, and except for the desk situation near the window of his bedroom, the room seemed lacking of furniture. the floor had a special carpet made of straw on it called Tatami. Because of this, slippers are strictly prohibited in that room.

Curious as the thumping in the closet, and not one to like studying too much, the easily distracted Nobita walked to the closet and opened it to find a blue robotic cat with a white belly and face staring at him. In the belly of the robotic cat, there was a pocket that seemed quite prominent enough to draw his attention. He stared at it as he started to question this robotic alien about its origins and its purpose there.

"Where are you from?" Nobita asked the first question that came to mind.

"I am from about three generations into your future," the robotic cat replied. "My name is Doraemon, and because of your family's needs, your grandson has built me and sent me into the past to help you."

"My grandson?" Nobita asked bemused. "You have to be kidding me. You are probably some prank set up by Jian or Suneo!"

"I'll have you know I'm a state of the art machine for my day of age, and that I can help you."

"Really? Well I have a test tomorrow, so I need to learn the 47 'States' of Japan before then. I think you should just go back to wherever you are from so I can study."

"No! I was sent her to help you, and I will help you!"

The cat then reached into its pocket and pulled out a map of Japan.

"What is that? I already have a map of Japan so I don't see what that's going to do."

"This map is magic. You can look at it anytime you want, but no one else will know what you are looking at. You can take it to school with you tomorrow, so you can pass your test without studying the rest of the night."

"Really?" Nobita asked daring to hope. "But you could be planted her by Suneo to deceive me and make me fail tomorrow. I will pass that test."

"How about you try it out?" Doraemon insisted. "Go down stairs and show it to your mom. She won't be able to see it."

"Alright, then, I will." Nobita said chuckling to himself.

(From mother's perspective):

"Nobita, what are you doing out of your room? Aren't you supposed to be studying?"

"Yes mom," he answered as he held a fist out to her. "What do you think I have in my hand?"

His mom seeing his closed fist but nothing there, shook her head.

"I have no Idea, Nobita, but you better get back to the books."

"I'm hungry."

"You're always hungry. Alright, if I agree to make you a snack, will you go to your room and study."

"Yes, but first, will you show me where Fukushima is on this map?"

She still saw nothing in his hand.

"What map?"

"The one I'm holding right here!" And he shook his fist at her.

"Well, open your hand so I can see the map then," his mom said thinking maybe he had it balled up in his hands. He was really clumsy about folding stuff and tended to just ball them up in his bag when he left school.

"I am showing you my map. Don't you see it?"

"Alright, enough play. Go upstairs and go study or I will forget about making your snack."

(Back to Nobita):

"Wow, she really didn't see the paper," he frowned at it. "Does it really work?"

He walked into the bedroom and saw the blue cat now looking over his homework.

"You do know that half of these answers are wrong, don't you?"

"What? Who told you to snoop at my math?"

"Like I said, I was told to help you."

"Sure. So tell me the trick with the map. Why can't my mom see it?"

"I told you, it's magic. You just make sure to keep a hold of it or you will lose it. When you aren't using it, just put it in your text book folded in half and then you can find it. If you don't put it exactly in half and in a text book when you are finished with it though, you will lose it."

"Wow, really? Do it can disappear from view?"

"Yup. Here, give it to me."

Nobita gave it to Doraemon, and as soon as Doraemon took it, the paper disappeared.

"See?"

Nobita nodded. "Cool!"

Doraemon handed it back to him and then sat down.

"I'm really hungry," Doraemon said. "Time travel really makes you feel starved."

"Well, mom is bringing up a snack soon, so you can have some with me when she gets it up here."

"Great."

Doraemon, not sure that the quiz problem was solved opened his math to see what Doraemon was talking about with half of his answers being wrong.

He scratched his head and looked up at the cat.

"Which ones are wrong?"

"Are you really so helpless?" the robot cat asked. "I can't believe what I've gotten sent back to!"

"Hey! For a mechanical cat, maybe this stuff is easy, but I'm a kid! Give me a break!"

"Fine. Let me see, and I'll circle the wrong answers."

Nobita gave him the notebook, and when he got it back, only five of twenty problems were not circled.

"What is this? I thought you said half of them were wrong."

"Well, I said at least half. That was as far as I'd gotten read when you came and caught me looking."

"Well, fine."

He sat the notebook on his desk and closed it.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going to fix them?"

"Nope. Now I know they're wrong, I'll know what answers not to put," he smiled. "It's just so I do good on tests. So now I will know that those answers are not what I will answer on a test."

Doraemon wanted to roll his mecanical eyes, but he found that he really couldn't do that because of being a robot.

"Oh, is that your mom?" the cat looked up at the woman coming into the room.

"Wow, what's that?" his mom screamed at the robotic cat.

"I'm Nobita's new robot cat," he said extending a show bow to the mother. "I'm going to help him this year."

His mom, a bit curious, poked a finger at the cat's head and found it hard like metal.

"You really are a robot?"

"Yes ma'am. I am a present for Nobita."

"I see. Well, as long as you are a robot, what do we have to do to take care of you?"

"Oh, I can eat human food for energy, and I don't need very much since it takes very little to refuel me. I'm starved now because I just came back through time."

"Through time?" she looked skeptical now. "Is someone using a microphone or something to talk for this thing?"

She looked at Nobita.

"Where did it come from?"

He pointed at the closet.

"It's no use looking in there...."

But it was too late, Nobita's mom was already opening the closet to only find the bedding stuff neatly folded there.

Not knowing what to make of it, she just walked out of the bedroom back downstairs.

"Well, since my homework is done, maybe we can go out and see what my friends are doing," Nobita said to Doraemon. "I bet they'd like to meet you."

"Sure, why not?"

The robot reached into his pocket and pulled out two caps with propellers on the top.

"What are these for?" Nobita asked.

"Watch."

Doraemon put one down on the desk and took one putting it on his own head and then opened the window flying out through it.

"Wow! ARe you saying that I can fly with this?"

"That's right," the cat said a bit excited.

Nobita put it on, and opened the window wondering what he'd have to do, but it seemed almost automatic as he was lifted into the air at the very thought of flying.

"Wow! This is so cool!"

"I thought you'd like that. So, where do you want to go?"

"How about to the park?" Nobita asked.

"Alright, but things are different in the future. You'll have to show me where it is."

(Sorry, no wetting yet, but I will get to it as soon as I can):

*002*2012-12-28 01:06

Continued ep1

As the two flew around the corner to the neighborhood park, Nobita saw Jian and Suneo talking about something. He knew that more than likely, Jian was trying to bully Suneo into giving him something or do something for him by the way Jian was raising his right fist right in front of Suneo's face, and Suneo was shaking his head cautiously. He was glad at the moment, he was up here and out of reach of the bigger 'giant' of a kid.

"Doraemon! That's Jian and Suneo!"

"So, those are your neighborhood bullies," he said loudly enough that Jian looked up.

"Hey, how are you staying up there?" he Jian yelled up at them forgetting about Suneo who was now creeping away. "How dare you spy on us like that. If you come down here, I'll teach you manners about spying on people."

Nobita stuck out his tongue and pulled his left eye down with a finger saying 'Akabe!'

This was some form of taunt that Jian really didn't like. He bent down and picked up a rock.

Knowing how deadly on target Jian was with throwing things, Nobita immediate flew away to find something else to do. There would be nothing to gain by pestering Jian any longer.

"Nobita!" Doraemon called after him as he flew to catch up. "Do you really have to incite him by saying such careless things? It doesn't exactly make you seem your age, you know."

"What do you know?" Nobita respond with a frown. "Jian doesn't need to be incited, he is always looking for an excuse to be an ass. I was just getting back at him while he can't reach me."

Doraemon stuck a hand to his head as if to say 'why me?'

Nobita laughed and when he looked down, he saw something that really did make him happy. Shizuka was actually outside for once. Between her juku studies, her piano practices, and her shopping trips with her mom not to mention her like for taking baths, it was a rare treat to see her actually outside. He flew down to around the corner so he could walked around it and 'accidentally' bump into her.

Doraemon shook his head at this approach. Nobita was so predictable.

"Oh, Shizuka! You're out today?"

"Uh huh. My mom says I need some fresh air, so she told me to go play, but until now, I really didn't know what to do."

"I know what we can do," Nobita said excitedly. "I want you to meet my new friend."

"A new friend?"

"Uh huh! Doraemon!"

Doraemon sighed and came down next to them.

"It's a blue... man-like cat," Shizuka stated in shock.

"I know. He's actually a kind of magical robot. And guess what! We can fly!"

"Really?"

"Yeah, just watched."

Nobita put on his 'copter' cap and took off into the air.

"Wow!" Shizuka looked up excitedly. "I wish I could do that!"

"You can," Doraemon smiled. "Here."

He handed her another 'copter' cap from his pocket.

"Let's go look around or something," Nobita called to Shizuka once the three of them were air borne.

"Alright. How about we go towards our school? I've always wondered what it looked like when no one was there."

"Sure."

Doraemon followed closely behind them as the two children giggled cutely.

The wind blew at Shizuka's red and blue dress as she flew through the air, and though Nobita would have liked to be behind her for other reasons, she was just as happy being next to her holding her hand. He always wondered what he magic of wearing a dress was, and since it was always longer to her knees, he had never had the opportunity to see Shizuka's panties thought he kind of wanted to. Maybe he was a pervert, but it didn't matter. He wasn't trying to look now.

They flew into the fenced in yard and look around at the empty grounds.

"It's kind of spooky," Shizuka said in a whisper. "Kind of like we aren't supposed to be here or something."

"I don't think we are," Nobita said. "But what's the harm? It's not like we're breaking into the building, and no one is around to scold us, so let's just play."

Shizuka nodded and ran off towards the monkey bars to climb on them.

Nobita hated climbing as much as he hated any other physical activity, but he went along with her and started to play on the bars as well, hoping she might make a mistake and accidentally show him her panties or something, but not know it. He wouldn't want her to be embarrassed, he was just curious about what it looked like under there.

Doraemon walked over to the monkey bars too, but he yawned.

"What is it?" Nobita came over to check on his new friend.

"Oh, it's just that these are boring," Doraemon said with a frown.

"What do you mean?" Nobita asked as he squatted down to talk.

Shizuka, noticing that the boys were no longer climbing, also came down to sit in a squat next to them.

"What's going on?" she asked.

"Doraemon says that the jungle gym is boring."

"Oh, I see. Well, what does he want to do then?"

Doraemon perked up.

"Do you really want to know?" he asked as he reached into his large pocket in the center of his stomach.

The kids, curious now, nodded.

He pulled out a door from his pocket and set it on the ground in front of them.

"What is this?" Shizuka asked not understanding. "What's so fun about a door?"

"Watch," Doraemon answered opening it inward.

Now, from where they were, they would just imagine that it should reveal the space on the other side of it, but what was actually inside it, was not the playground behind it. There was something more like fun land of sorts.

"Wow, where is this?"

"It's called Playland," Doraemon responded happily. "It has all the toys and interesting playground equipment that you can imagine in it."

"Wow!" Nobita's eyes were as big as silver dollars. "Can we really go in there?"

"Of course," Doraemon smiled. "Just go on in and play as long as you like."

Shizuka looked around, her eyes as wide as Nobita's.

"This is wonderful!" she exclaimed after a few minutes of taking everything in.

*003*2012-12-28 02:23

I haven't decided on anyone else, yet, but in answer to the question, my first thought is Shizuka. The only girl in the group, however, if you watch the series, there are a few desperation scenes because of the antics of the story where even his (Nobita's) dad and mom are waiting for the bathroom.

But my focus is the many situation that he can Shizuka in that will make her wet her panties.

He already often walks in on her in the bath, if you watch the cartoon, too.

*007*2013-01-06 14:08

Still Ep 1

"PLay Land with Doraemon"

(Sorry about the long waits, and the amount it is taking to finish one epistode)

Nobita pulled at Shizuka's hand and they ran through the door, finding that every step they took kind of made them bounce. The ground seemed to be like the floor of a bouncing castle. And as they ran, or rather, bounced down the road, they could see a jungle gym that was actually moving. It was quite a bit more challenging to climb on something that moves than it was something stationary. They also saw a sand box with fairly large and elegantly made sand castles in them. The castles were so large, in fact, that they could actually go through the doors, and found rooms made of sand.

"Wow," Exclaimed Shizuka. "This really is better!"

Nobita found one sand castle that looked like a battleship of sorts.

"I am the captain. Assemble, crew!" he called to Shizuka and Doraemon. "Want this ship shipshape and ready to sail!"

Doraemon nodded and pulled out of his pouch a small bottle that he poured on the ground.

Moments later, a few men made of sand sprang up and started to prepare the ship for movement. To both Nobita's and Shizuka's amazement, the ship actually started to lift from the ground, and not one ounce of the flooring was lost. It was starting to fly!

"Wow!" Shizuka clapped her hands. "This is... wow!"

Doraemon smiled.

Nobita then walked around until he found a small room with a bed and some chairs made from sand. He sat on the bed and Shizuka and Doraemon sat in chairs.

"This is a pirate ship, captain, so what are your orders?" Doraemon said to Nobita.

"A Pirate ship?" he asked smiling. "Well, look for treasure, or someone to take some from, then," Nobita called out.

"Aye aye," and Doraemon stood up and went to the desk made of sand taking a map from a drawer which happened to open despite being made of sand.

Nobita, curious, scooted to the edge fo the bed and then stood up so he could go see the map.

"We are here," Doraemon pointed on the map. "We should be able to find some ships to attack in this location."

"Great!"

Shizuka sighed.

"What's wrong?" Nobita asked her.

"I'm just not interested in pirates," she sighed.

"Oh, sorry. What would you be interested in?" Nobita asked her.

Doraemon shook his head.

"I don't know, but something a little less violent like a concert recital or something."

"As long as it's you and not Jian," Nobita winked at her.

They both had to giggle at that.

"Well, should I set the sand ship down then?" Doraemon asked them.

"Yes, please," Shizuka nodded. "And direct me to the nearest bathroom too."

Nobita smiled imagining her taking another bath. But the word she used in Japanese did not mean bath, but toilet room.

"Oh, um..." the metal blue cat looked at them apologetically. "For that, we'll have to leave the playland."

"What?" asked Nobita. "Why?"

"Well, some things are not supported by a robotic's imagination. I don't even think of those kinds of things because I never need them."

Shizuka nodded.

"Well, then set us down and open the door so we can go home."

Draemon nodded.

The sand ship started towards the ground, and Shizuka sat in the chair holding her hands in her lap. It seemed to be taking quite sometime for the ship to land.

Nobita sat back on the bed.

"Shizuka?"

"Yes, Nobita?"

"Why don't you like pirates?"

"Um... I don't know. It just seems like a lot of killing all the time."

"But what if I said that there's a love plot in pirate stories?"

"What if there is?" she looked back at him.

"Well, isn't that what girls like? Romance?"

"I suppose some of us do, but what I like is music."

"Yeah, right."

The Sand ship was still slowly descending.

"I know," Nobita said after a moment. "What if what we were seeking was not treasure and gold, but talented concert performers?"

Shizuka looked up at him. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, what if we didn't go to war for gold, but we instead looked for talented musicians to entertain us?"

"What about killing?"

"Well, we wouldn't want to kill them because we'd want them to entertain us."

"That's not what I meant. I know that part," Shizuka stared at him.

"Well, we wouldn't be pirates if there wasn't some fighting. Can't you give in a little?"

"I suppose. But I really need to get to a toilet before I can agree to anything."

"Doraemon! Why can't you make a ship with a toilet on it? You are too insensitive!"

The blue cat shrugged its shoulders.

"I'm just not made that way. I don't understand the principal of needing to go to a place with water, and adding more water to it from your own body."

"Well, hurry up and land. Shizuka has to go."

"Aye aye. We are working on it. Of course, we don't really need to land."

Nobita looked at him. "What do you mean?"

"We could just exit the door while the ship is still in the air."

"Why didn't you say that before? Shizuka really needs to go now. Open the door!"

The blue cat chuckled and pulled out his door.

Shizuka hated that Nobita was making it a bigger deal than it was. It wasn't like she was going to wet her pants, or so she hoped. She wasn't like dancing around, at least not yet.

The cat opened the door, and Nobita and Shizuka walked back out into the school yard. Doraemon followed them.

"Well, where do you want to go now?" he asked them.

"Home," Nobita said.

"Yeah, but which home?"

Nobita looked at him wondering what other trick he had up his sleeve.

"This is a doko demo door! That means it can open anywhere you want it to."

"You mean, we can go directly to Shizuka's house?"

"That's right, even right to her bedroom or her bathroom if you wanted."

"Yeah, open it to her toilet room then."

"You better not look!" Shizuka yelled at Nobita.

"Don't worry! We'll go home after you go in the bathroom."

"Alright," Shizuka said not really trusting them, but just the same glad they could get her home before her bladder became a problem.

End episode 1:

No one has wet yet... sorry.

Hope you might want to see episode 2 soon.

