Slayer

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-11-19 09:30

So I dunno when or if I will finish this. But Vexer seemed to really enjoy the idea of a female slayer story and I didn't have the heart to not post what I had. So maybe I will come back to this, but for the time being I will be working on a god-complex type supernatural based original story.

My fingers drew back the bow string for the umpteenth time. The string reached the end of its draw and I focused on the target. I quivered for a moment as my bladder twinged. My legs pressed together tightly as I took a deep breath and held it. Just as I prepared myself to release the string and watch the arrow sink its way into the bull’s-eye a spurt of hot urine seeped its way into my panties. A blush found its way onto my cheeks, despite my surgical procedure that reduced blushing, my hand shook and nearly released the arrow into a clumsy miss. I released my breath and just managed to regain my composure.

My legs trembled from beneath my grey yoga tights as the pressure along my lower region grew in intensity and a sharp prickle panged throughout my urethra as pent up pee threatened to release itself. I had been holding it far too long. Time I had otherwise chosen to increase my skills as a marksman… or markswoman. I had spent far too long trying improve upon these skill, even continuing to refine them after a fine trickle of rain spilled out from the grey skies. Now I was about to pay for my mistake, yet I remained glued to my spot as I drew my arrow, swearing to utilize a bathroom the moment I fired the last arrow in my quiver.

Finally realigning my aim I released the string and the arrow shot forward, the silver point slicing its way into its intended target; the center of the red bull’s-eye. The carbon shaft was nearly entirely buried into the wooden target. My slender arms hid an amazing vigor. I temporarily lowered my bow and reached behind my back and selected another arrow, leaving six more in the quiver. I took a moment to cross my legs tightly and even curtsey slightly before once again regain my composure and nock the arrow. I hesitated as my black hair billowed in the wind ever so slightly, once it settled rain drops once again planted themselves into my hair, the glistening drops littering my raven hair so that they resembled stars in the night sky.

I exhaled a deep breath before inhaling another and drawing back my bowstring; taking aim, ignoring the prickle in my bladder, I shot another arrow, this one in a different target, further back from the first. The arrow still managed to burry itself plenty deep in the bull’s-eye. I was reaching for another arrow when a twinge in my bladder caused me to tense up suddenly. I froze with my hand still in place as I clenched my sphincter muscles tightly managed to remain in control. I finally managed to draw another arrow, nock it and take aim of another target, once again further back. The string left my hands and the arrow cut through the air and planted itself in the target.

Another twinge panged through my bladder. I curled my toes as my right hand buried itself into my crotch. I held it there for a few moments before releasing my grasp. My hand hovered near my genital area for a moment till I was sure I had control. My toes remained curled, however, and my thighs pressed together even tighter. I furrowed my brow as I repeated the target shooting process once more, yet another arrow found it’s mark. I repeated the process twice more before doubling over from an excruciating twinge in my bladder. I resisted the urge to drop the bow and stuff both hands into my crotch, instead I only shoved the ball of my right hand against my urethra.

Hot pee still managed to dribble myself, and for what seemed like eternity at the time, my hand pressed against the source of the flow with as much force as possible till the dribble stopped. I moved my urine soaked hand from my crotch and examined the damaged. My grey yoga pants were dark with a glistening wet patch that spanned the size of a CD. I blushed once more, a rare occasion for me. I allowed myself to cross my legs tightly as I drew another arrow. I curled my toes till it hurt as I nocked the arrow. My grip on the string was deadly as I drew it back. My chest was practically heaving as my breath shook with sheer desperation.

Sweat formed on my brow despite the frigid temperature. I couldn’t regain my composure this time so I simply released the arrow when I was as relaxed as I could get. The arrow soared to the furthest target and buried itself on the rim of the bull’s-eye despite my desperation.

“Close enough.” I managed to breathe out. I shuddered as my urethra began to dribble out more urine. I ignored the flow as I nocked a final arrow onto my bow string, drew it back and scanned the wooded area around me for a final target. As if on cue a raven took off from a nearby branch. I strained to completely regain my composure and in the process of doing so, the dribble became a slow leak, expanding the wet patch as hot pee made its way down my right thigh. I ignored all this as I took aim of the moving target, predicted its trajectory and released the string so that the arrow flung itself into the sky till it met its pierced the body of the raven.

The bird plummeted to the ground, dead. But I had other concerns at the time. The leak became a full on flood of hot pee as it gushed from urethra and cascaded down my long, silky legs. It was too late to stem the flow at that point and I could only stand, frozen as I tried to stop the flow anyway. My hands had a death grip on my groin but the pee only soaked my callused hands, seeping through my fingers and rolling down my legs. The pee was a welcome warmth, admittedly, as it ran down my thighs. The glistening wet patch covered the entirety of my right pant leg and the majority of my left thigh. Urine began to fill my grey winter uggs and even soak the fabric to a darker grey, matching my pants.

Finally the stream died out and a dark yellow puddle rested on the dirt, flakes of mud swirling in the puddle as it rippled from the fall of rain drops and drops of still warm pee that fell off my legs. Blushing bright red I laid haste towards my house. A light blue Victorian style house appeared above a hill as I raced to the back porch, swinging the oak doors open as I emerged in a modern kitchen. Sadie, an seventeen year old brunette girl that looked closer to fourteen based on her height and small breast. Regardless she was stunning, as her lithe body was propped up against an island covered in a black micro skirt, her legs toned to silky perfection. Her delicate feet were covered by black high heels and her torso was covered by a hot pink t-shirt and black cropped vest. She gave me a once over with a slight smirk.

It hadn’t been the first time I had wet myself due to spending far too much time refining my skills. When I immersed myself in self-improvement I lost focus on other matters, typically the capacity of my bladder. Still, it was embarrassing nonetheless. I lowered my head as I made an attempt to duck out of the kitchen before she could comment on my condition. The girl displayed gymnastic skills as she propelled herself over granite counter jutting out from the wall that divided the both doorways from the rest of the kitchen. She landed feet first in front of me; she leaned against the door way, blocking me from the living room.

“Sadie!” I cried, exasperated.

“C’mon Caylee. Do a twirl for me.” She smirked. Her eyes glistened with sadism from my humiliation.

“Shut up.” I lowered my head even further.

She rolled her eyes as a full-fledged grin replaced her mischievous smirk. “What happened this time?”

“Obviously I wet myself.” I muttered.

“Obviously.” Another eye roll. “Why though?”

“Because I enjoy the warmth.” I said sarcastically. It was then that I noticed that the warmth was replaced with a cold, clammy feeling along my legs.

“You couldn’t come in and just use the toilet in the warm house? I assumed you would be potty trained at sixteen years old.” Her smirk returned.

“I didn’t think it was that big of a deal, so I continued to fulfill my goal.” I murmured.

“Obviously it was a big deal seeing as you are soaked and humiliated.” She chuckled softly.

“Can I please changed then?” I asked examining the room behind her: white carpet, grey couch, a portrait of a river cutting through a luscious green forest, with two deer drinking from the water source. A sixty inch HD flat screen TV was hidden from my direct view by its mahogany entertainment center that was across from the couch. A computer desk and monitor rested against the corner of the front wall that held the portrait and the wall the entertainment center was against.

I returned my gaze to Sadie’s flawless face. “I suppose. You are dripping on the floor anyway.” She rolled her eyes and moved out of my way.

I glanced down and discovered drops of urine had indeed formed a small coaster sized puddle on the tile floor beneath me. I blushed and kicked my uggs off into the shoe basket before ducking off towards the bathroom. Moving past the stairs I started down a hallway, ignoring the entrance to the house, consisting of the front door and a large space that had no real purpose other than to serve as a place to sit down in and stare through the large window looking out towards the front lawn. I moved on to the last door on the right, briefly peering into the ajar room at the very end of the hall that held the master bedroom. It was too dark to see much.

Shrugging I slipped through my door way and found myself in a large bathroom with a huge bathtub and a smaller shower next to it, a typical toilet and an oak sink base with a silver sink head with an oval mirror sitting above it and a wooden hamper in the far corner of the room.

I stripped off my yoga pants and black panties followed by my purple cardigan and black blouse revealing my ample breasts only contained by a black sports bra. I quickly took that off too before lowering my body in the tub and starting up a hot bath. I allowed myself to relax for several moments in the hot water that was much more comfortable than the yellow urine I was previously drenched in. I sighed audibly as I found relief from the burden of being a slayer, and being a teenage slayer of whatever went bump in the night brought along a lot of burdens.

After a while of relaxing and cleaning my body I drained the water and dried myself off. I wrapped the towel around my body and left the bathroom. I entered the entry room and took a left to face two flights of stairs; one leading to the den and basement and the other leading two the second floor. I head upwards towards my room. I bound up the steps to at a time and took an immediate right at the top, through a doorway into my room. Not nearly as big as the master bedroom my room was still pretty large. In it was a queen sized bed, a desk, a forty inch flat screen, a book case, walk in closet and window out-looking the front lawn.

I shut the door and quickly dropped the towel and got dressed in dark-wash jeggings, a green form-fitting t-shirt and black flats. Beneath were a matching pair of red lace thong and bra. As soon as I was dressed I made my way down the stairs back to the kitchen as a girl named Olivia dragged herself through the room half asleep. She laid her head atop the oak table.

“Coke.” The sixteen year old pleaded. Her dirty blonde was draped around her on the table top as Sadie tossed her a can of coke. Olivia barely glanced up as she caught the can with unmatched reflex. She popped it open and took a sip as she sat up. She was dressed in a mostly green plaid pajama shorts and grey camisole.

“So Caylee had another accident.” Sadie practically sung.

“Again?” Olivia asked indifferent. I blushed regardless.

“Mhm.” Sadie said, instantly bored with Olivia’s lack of concern. “So what are you doing up so early?” She asked sarcastically. It was three in the afternoon.

Olivia remained silent as a sixteen and fifteen year old boys walked in. The elder had dark brown hair that verged on black, a fair tan on his skin. He was dressed in a white Hurley t-shirt and jeans. The younger one was an inch or two taller than the first, with contrasting fair skin, blonde hair. He was dressed in matching jeans, but topped with a navy blue Hollister t-shirt. They both, however, shared dazzling green turquoise eyes, wiry builds, matching deep yet soothing voices, smooth acne free skin and relaxed postures.

The dark haired boy spoke. “What’s for dinner?”

“Daniel!” Sadie laughed. “It’s only three.”

“It’s never too early for food.” The blonde haired boy spoke.

“Jake raises a very good point.” Daniel shrugged.

“Here.” Sadie tossed Daniel a bag of ranch ruffles. He shrugged in appreciation and left the room before Sadie could mention my accident.

“Lucky you.” Olivia muttered, sensing my appreciation for Sadie’s silence.

I nodded. “So… what is for dinner?”

“You got to be kidding me! What is with everyone here always eating?” Sadie rolled her eyes. “Pizza is for dinner. Wait till five.” She said simply as she leaned across the counter.

“Too lazy too cook?” Olivia asked.

“Always.”

“Thank god.” Olivia teased. Despite Sadie being a great cook it was fun to make fun of her food.

“Shut up.” Sadie stuck her tongue at Olivia.

“Who wet themselves?” An auburn haired girl, who was clearly the eldest of the kids, asked. In her hands were my urine soaked clothes.

“Who’s do you think?” Sadie asked.

The eldest sighed, running her free hand through her shoulder length hair. “I’m nineteen. I shouldn’t be raising an infant.” She said towards me, though the tone was more exasperated than hostile it still hurt. I looked away in embarrassment. I examined her in the reflection from the toaster. Though the reflection distorted her lithe body to a humorously disproportionate one, I could still make out her green t-shirt, leather jacket and dark blue cigarette jeans that had a few pre-torn patches on it. She turned to Olivia.

“You look tired.” She acknowledged the obvious.

“Vampires suck.” The combination of her serious tone and ironic statement earned a smirk from me and a chuckle from Sadie.

“Big deal.” The eldest girl spoke.

“Violet, you should know there bite is much worse than their bark.” Olivia said harshly, referring to the time the eldest girl had been fed off of many years ago.

“Relax, I’m giving you a hard time.” Violet glared before leaving the room.

“Good job.” Sadie teased.

“I didn’t mean to-“

“I know! You were just grumpy from waking up.” Sadie teased.

“Relax.” I assured Olivia. “Violet is just in a bad mood today.

“I miss the good old days when she wasn’t in a bad mood.” Olivia muttered.

I furrowed my brow. “You mean…. yesterday?”

“Exactly.” Olivia raised her can into the air in a mock toast. “Here’s to yesterday.”

“That’s the spirit.” Sadie said lifting a bottle of water into the air.

I shrugged my shoulders and pretended to raise an imaginary glass into the air. “To a household of jerks.”

The two laughed at my toast. “Two a household of jerks.” The agreed in unison.

So at this point i thought I would leave the option for an appeal. I mean it is only mere seconds from the time I wrote author notes at the top of this story, but if enough people like this then I will continue to work on it. I dunno how much enough is, but it isn't much. So let's say two or three:) Otherwise it will just go to writer's hell probably. Well thanks for reading:)

*002*2012-11-19 18:55

{{

I really like this so far, so I definitely want to see more.

}}

I figured you might:) Glad you like it.

*004*2012-11-19 23:36

{{

Nice, I enjoyed it.

}}

Glad to hear it:)

*005*2012-11-20 09:21

Ok so I guess I will continue this, seeing as I can't figure out how to start my other story.

My eyes fluttered open the next day. Monday. I groaned audibly, slayer, or not, I still had to go to high school. The pure thought of school made me miserable as I hopped out of my bed dressed in black night gown. I gathered clothing from my closet before dashing down the hall towards the second bathroom. This one was smaller than the other one downstairs, a typical white tub with a silver shower head and a frosted shower window, a toilet, sink and mirror and another hamper. I ignored the toilet and sink, simply stripping from my night clothing and tossing them into the hamper before hopping into the tub to take a shower.

I adjusted the water temperature as it simply poured from the bath nozzle before switching the flow over to the shower head. I was disappointed to find the water pressure a little low. It would suffice, but it wasn’t nearly as therapeutic as usual. I brushed it off, blaming another one of the house’s many unrelated occupants taking a shower downstairs. To compensate for the lack of pressure I increased the heat to near scalding as I wet my hair to prepare it for the shampoo/conditioner combination. I didn’t waste much time in the shower but even after I got out a fine veil of steam filled the room and thick foggy condensation covered the mirror. I ignored the effects of my shower and simply dried my body with a clean towel, making sure to get my hair as dry as possible.

Soon after the shower, I changed into snowflake oriented sweater leggings, brown ugg boots, a black v-neck pull-over and a scarf the matched my leggings. I curled my hair slightly before jogging down stairs to eat a quick breakfast. I found Sadie dressed in skin tight cigarette jeans, black booties, a black scarf and white sweater. She greeted me with a grin.

“You look cute.” She gushed, stuffing a plate of bacon and eggs into my grasps.

“Uh thanks… you too.” I said looking at my breakfast as I strode over to the table.

“Duh.” She stuck out her tongue in a teasing matter. She propped herself up on the island and took a bite of bacon. I rolled my eyes in good humor and ate my breakfast in silence. Halfway through my meal Olivia wondered in along with Daniel and Jake.

“what’s for breakfast?” Jake asked, beating Daniel to the punch.

“For you? Whatever you find in the trash.” She teased.

“And what about me?” Daniel asked with a bat of his eye lashes as Sadie handed a plate of food to Olivia.

“You can get his scraps.” She stuck her tongue.

Daniel gave devious half smile, his specialty, before sliding next to Sadie and taking a piece of bacon from her plate. “I think I’d rather have yours.”

She laughed in response and playfully pushed him. Jake skirted around the island while the two were distracted and grabbed the plate up, practically inhaling the rest of the meal.

“Jake!” Sadie protested while me and Olivia laughed at the scene unfolding before us. Daniel took advantage of Sadie’s new interest by scooping a couple eggs from the pan on the stove onto a paper plate.

“We have clean plates Daniel.” Olivia called out to him, changing Sadie’s focus once again.

“I know, but I’m pro global warming.” He said stuffing himself with the eggs.

“Guys, seriously.” Sadie laughed.

“Serious people don’t laugh.” Jake said, or at least that’s what it sounded like when he spoke with a mouth full of food.

“You guys suck.” Sadie said pouting against the island.

“Here you go.” Daniel said dangling a strip of bacon in front of her. Sadie rolled her eyes but excepted the food.

“You guys are going to be late.” A sleepy voice called from the doorway.

Violet entered the room, dressed in white boy shorts and a rather revealing top. Daniel and Jake both tried to avoid gaping as Violet was comfortable with her body and this was a typical outfit for her so “early in the morning” as she put it. Still, comfortable, or not, she would chew out either of the two boys if their eyes weren’t at face level. Daniel and Jake ducked out of the kitchen, presumably to gather their stuff.

“Whatever mom.” Olivia said sarcastically as she pushed past the eldest slayer in an attempt to make for the bathroom.

“I’m not in the mood for smart remarks.” Violet grumbled.

“Most people aren’t in the mood for ‘smart’ remarks.” Sadie retorted.

Violet simply cast Sadie a look that sent both me and my smart ass of a friend out of the kitchen in a haste. We both set out for the bathroom at the top of the stairs and found Olivia already in their brushing her teeth. We joined her in freshening enough before applying a light amount of make-up. I settled for a little eye liner and some lip gloss before dashing to my room to grab up my back-pack.

Before long the entire house hold was gathering around the front door, not entirely ready to enter the cold. Violet made a reappearance, now dressed in skinny jeans with a red thong strap sticking out the back and a black jacket that was zipped down slightly, revealing enough of her cleavage to make me doubt there was anything beneath her jacket.

“Everyone got everything they need.” She asked as she grabbed her car keys. She took the silence as a yes and led the group to her mini-van like cattle falling a Shepard… to slaughter, or as most people call it: high school. Olivia got shot gun much to the disappointment of Jake and Daniel and I got the seat behind the driver and next to Sadie.

“Nice outfit.” Olivia pointed out after a few moments of silence.

“Yeah well, what about you? A mini-skirt in winter?” Violet asked, clearly displeased.

“Sadie wore one yesterday. Besides I have leggings on.” Olivia said sticking to her decision of translucent black leggings, a black mini-skirt and a white blouse with a black cardigan as the only sensible warm clothing on her body.

“Whatever.” Violet muttered turning her focus to the wheel as we drove down the street of the Illinois suburb that bordered country town based on the wooded area that encased much of the town’s outskirts. “Try not to make too much of an impression by the way.”

We all knew what Violet meant. As Slayers we bounced from city to city, taking up residence in a new base provided for us by the Slayer Society. Constantly leaving cities meant we couldn’t get attached or even let someone get to attached to ourselves. It was a lonely life sometimes but at least we always had each other.

No one spoke the rest of the way there, most likely from nerves. New school after all. Finally we found ourselves pulling into the school parking lot. Violet stopped in a parking space and kept the gas running as we all abandoned the van and head into the school. Once we were out of proximity of the parking space Violet pulled out and left us to our punishment.

“Please don’t tell me we get to big the group of people who get stuck sitting at lunch together.” Olivia spoke.

“What?” Daniel asked.

“No offense, but we are essentially family and I’d rather try to make my own friends.”

“Whatever floats your boat.” Jake said as he and Daniel walked off into the school.

“Awe, but won’t you miss us.” Sadie said sticking her tongue out at Olivia as she followed the boys’ lead.

“I don’t have a sarcastic comment.” I muttered as me and Olivia walked through the school doors, going our separate ways once we hit our first intersection. I pulled out my schedule from my front pocket and read my first class. “Chemistry-room 203.” I muttered to myself. I glanced up at the nearest door to find myself in the 140’s. “I guess the 200’s would be upstairs.” I muttered intuitively as I bound up the steps to find myself in the 200’s. I smiled, pleased with myself as I set out for room 203.

The rest of the school day progressed rather uneventfully. A couple times I nearly got lost and in my English class the teacher actually had me stand up and introduce myself and tell three things about myself. I said simple things, I like soda, I like junk food and I like video games. Lame, but it worked well enough. Lunch was the worst when I found out I didn’t have the same hour as anyone from the house and I didn’t yet have any friends so I sat alone against the wall. A couple of guys thought it was a shame to see such a pretty girl alone, but I refused their “hospitality”.

Now I found myself strolling through the halls, just having left my geometry class, and making for my locker at the other end of the school. I quickly put away my stuff in my locker before leaving to the walk home since Olivia had informed me Violet won’t be able to managed picking us up. It was a nuisance but I just shrugged it off as I strolled through the chilly air, taking a short cut through the woods home since Jake and Daniel were making way to a pizzeria and Sadie already had a group of girls flocking around her and Olivia had a couple guys talking to her outside of the main door. I didn’t mind the time alone, to be honest it was almost a relief. So I strolled through the “spooky” woods alone. The trees seemed to catch the majority of the breeze so it was a little warmer amidst the foliage.

I was nearly to the house when I heard a twig snap a short distance from me. I kept walking and pretended to be unaware of the noise, but I cast a glance from the corner of my eye in the general direction. I didn’t see anything, but that doesn’t mean there wasn’t something there. I picked up the pace without making it obvious. I reached for a silver dagger that wasn’t there. “Damn. School.” I cursed. No weapons on me, not even a splinter of a stake. I needed to move fast. Another twig snap. I wasn’t bothering to hide my knowledge of my stalker anymore. I needed to get back to the house.

I took off in a sprint. Leaves rustled and twigs snapped and I risked a glance backwards just in time to see a teenage boy raise his hand in my general direction. My body was propelled three the air in a short ark before it slid a few feet back and crashed into a tree. My legs suffered a few rips but otherwise I didn’t take too much damage. The boy; however, wasn’t done. He became a blur of motion and suddenly he had me by the throat. He slid my body up the tree till my feet dangled a few feet above the ground.

My hands wrapped around his wrist as I struggled for air, my feet kicked as my body began to spasm from lack of oxygen. I was going to die, by the hands of a vampire. I shut my eyes as I fought a losing battle, I began to feel my body grow numb as my lungs were no longer able to provide oxygen to my blood. My outlook became very grim in a matter of seconds.

“You will make a nice snack.” The boy hissed, his breath reeking of the metallic scent of blood.

Then I pissed myself. It was unintentional and had nothing to do with the fear. My bladder just gave out as I began to die. Before his fangs even so much as poked my throat hot pee began to cascade down my legs, soaking my leggings and sending steam into the icy air. I would have blushed, if blood would have been able to get to my head. That was the worst part, the utter light headedness as I began to pass out.

I take in everything at that moment, the almost pleasurable warmth of pee rolling down my legs, then the sound of the pee drizzling onto the dead leaves and dirt below, the feeling of his fangs begin to puncture my neck, the dizzy pain in my head, and then I see stars. They aren’t the cartoon stars that spin around a characters head, they are more like staring at the night sky. Except they aren’t a random mess of things, they form perfect columns and rows.

The next thing I know I’m sitting in a puddle of pee. The world is spinning, but my vision is returning and I’m alive. The vampire has an arrow through its back and is currently lying face down, dead. My mind tries to piece things together, but it’s still groggy from the suffocation. My head pounds when I’m able to feel things again and my legs began to feel cold as the icy breeze cools the once hot pee. Oh god. I pissed myself in front of a vampire. That’s what I think of. I should have been more concerned of the fact I almost died, but I’m more worried that Sadie will never let me live my accident down.

Finally my mind focuses on something clear; the figure of Violet standing a few yards away, right hand on her hip and her left holding a bow. She doesn’t look pleased to have had to save my life. I don’t care I hug her tightly in pure gratitude.

“Oh my god! Thank you!” I temporarily forget my embarrassment until I feel my soaking wet leggings begin to wetten her jeans. Then I pull away from my embrace with a blush. “I’m so sorry.”

“You’re lucky I was out hunting. Otherwise you would be a vampire snack right now.” Her voice is hard to read, not exactly mad but definitely not happy either.

I stare at my feet in shame, though it give me time to assess the damage. A few rips throughout my leggings, none too large to be embarrassing, especially since they don’t go much higher than mid-thigh. However the fabric is almost entirely soaked with my pee. My feet are bare; I hadn’t noticed when I lost my shoes. I glanced around; one sat a few feet away and had probably been kicked off when I was struggling for oxygen. The other is much further and had probably fallen off in the chase.

I grab the first one and slip my feet into it before hopping over to the second and finally relaxing my right foot as I slip it into the shoe. I turn to face Violet again. She hasn’t changed her pose much. “I… Uh… I didn’t have my dagger.”

“Obviously you are going to have to start taking it to school with you then.” Her tone becomes entirely cynical and she is bored with the situation. She leads me to the house, though. I figure she doesn’t trust me not to end up dead on my own. I happily accept the escort and we make our way home. It turns out she wasn’t really needed because nothing else jumped out at us.

She stops across the street from the house. “Do you need me to hold your hand and walk you to the door?” Was that… sarcasm… from Violet?

“Nope, I can look both ways myself.” I rolled my eyes and jogged across the street and into the house. I opened the door expecting the house to be empty, but apparently Daniel, Jake and Sadie got home before me somehow. They each lit up with sadistic humor when they saw me in soaked clothing.

“What happen, your diaper over flow?” Jake asked lamely. Daniel practically cringed at the bad chide.

“I got attacked by a vampire.” I admitted.

“Scared of mosquitoes are you?” Daniel teased.

“I wasn’t scared.” I said defiantly.

“You pants say differently.” He smirked.

“Shut up.” I said dipping out to my bed room to change.

“Might want to find a new diaper.” Jake called up.

So what do you think? Initially this chapter wasn't going to have a wetting scene but I decided it would fit with the attack so I just put a minor one in there. Hope you enjoyed it, as always leave comments, criticism and feedback below.

*006*2012-11-23 02:24

This chapter sucks. No wetting.

I remained silent at dinner not wanting to provoke any unnecessary teasing. I was utterly humiliated from wetting myself at a vampire attack. While it wasn’t my first encounter with a vampire, I didn’t have many other encounters, which meant that having wet myself in one of my few battles with a vamp was all the more embarrassing. Finally when I finished my meal I quickly washed off my dishes before ducking into my room to retire for the night.

I found myself staring at my ceiling, my room almost entirely dark. The only light came from the street lamp outside, casting shadows that stretched from my windowsill to the foot of my bed. I ignored the light however and kept rerunning the vampire attack through my head. More specifically, I kept coming back to why I wet myself. Was I that afraid? I thought I was going to die… but some reason I wasn’t terrified… or maybe I was and just too scared to even realize it. That sounds stupid. I rolled my eyes at myself. My vision shifted towards my door as a light flicked on in the hallway. I sat up, revealing my white tank top that took place of my v-neck and bra. Below that only existed boy shorts covering my groin.

Then my door swung open to reveal Sadie who was purely dressed in panties and bra. “Hey… are you ok?” She asked as she shut the door behind her, flicking on the light in my room.

“Yeah… why wouldn’t I be?” I asked, knowing fully well what she was getting at.

“You know… wetting yourself. I mean… in a fight.” She blushed, though I don’t know what she had to be embarrassed about.

“Yeah… that. I was getting the crap kicked out of me.”

“More like the pee.” Sadie smirked.

“Whatever.” I mumbled. “I couldn’t breathe, I was passing out and then… pee.” I blushed and looked away.

“Oh that sucks…” She said, clearly at a loss for words. She kicked her toe at the ground lightly as she rubbed her forearm.

“Well… goodnight.” I said, trying to end the tension.

“Yeah… goodnight.” She answered and left awkwardly. I nodded as she shut off the light and I relaxed, somehow managing sleep.

The next morning I woke up to the sound of my alarm clock for once. Typically I would beat it, today however was different. Not a big deal. I hurried and got ready, dressing in dark skinny jeans, black v-neck and purple cardigan over a red thong and panties. I slipped on black sneakers before darting down for breakfast and continuing the morning ritual before boarding the mini-van as we sped off too school.

Once again school passed by rather uneventfully, until lunch rolled around. I found myself repeating the previous day’s tradition of sitting alone against a wall when I found company. A tall girl from several of my classes strolled over to me. She must have been around 5’11 honestly, with looong, toned, silky legs which were shown off from her mini-skirt. Her torso was covered by a black blazer and white button up blouse. She had long brown hair with the occasional curl and had the real 3-D glasses frames over her eyes. She was… really pretty.

“Do you mind if I sit with you?” She asked sweetly.

“Not at all.” I answered, glad to have company.

“Sorry for bothering you.” She said, slowly lowering herself to the ground to avoid revealing an inappropriate angle for the boys that were clearly gawking at her. She smiled at me. “I had a falling out with my friends and there isn’t any other place to sit.”

“No problem. I know how you feel… which you can probably tell since I’m sitting against a wall outside of the cafeteria.” I laughed at my own predicament.

“I’ve gathered… It’s funny. You’re sooo pretty. I’d think that you would have guys lined up to ask you to sit at their table.” She complimented me.

“I actually got a couple of offers but they were kind of jerks… aren’t you cold?” I asked. Her clothes didn’t seem to offer much warmth.

“Hmm… not really. And yeah I get what you mean about guys being jerks.” She smiled as she took a bite out of her sandwich. “So what’s your name?” She asked after she finished chewing.

“I’m Caylee. What about you?”

“Holly.” She replied with a grin. Just like that I made my first friend… Violet wouldn’t be happy. But if Olivia and Sadie could make friends, why couldn’t I?I remained silent at dinner not wanting to provoke any unnecessary teasing. I was utterly humiliated from wetting myself at a vampire attack. While it wasn’t my first encounter with a vampire, I didn’t have many other encounters, which meant that having wet myself in one of my few battles with a vamp was all the more embarrassing. Finally when I finished my meal I quickly washed off my dishes before ducking into my room to retire for the night.

I found myself staring at my ceiling, my room almost entirely dark. The only light came from the street lamp outside, casting shadows that stretched from my windowsill to the foot of my bed. I ignored the light however and kept rerunning the vampire attack through my head. More specifically, I kept coming back to why I wet myself. Was I that afraid? I thought I was going to die… but some reason I wasn’t terrified… or maybe I was and just too scared to even realize it. That sounds stupid. I rolled my eyes at myself. My vision shifted towards my door as a light flicked on in the hallway. I sat up, revealing my white tank top that took place of my v-neck and bra. Below that only existed boy shorts covering my groin.

Then my door swung open to reveal Sadie who was purely dressed in panties and bra. “Hey… are you ok?” She asked as she shut the door behind her, flicking on the light in my room.

“Yeah… why wouldn’t I be?” I asked, knowing fully well what she was getting at.

“You know… wetting yourself. I mean… in a fight.” She blushed, though I don’t know what she had to be embarrassed about.

“Yeah… that. I was getting the crap kicked out of me.”

“More like the pee.” Sadie smirked.

“Whatever.” I mumbled. “I couldn’t breathe, I was passing out and then… pee.” I blushed and looked away.

“Oh that sucks…” She said, clearly at a loss for words. She kicked her toe at the ground lightly as she rubbed her forearm.

“Well… goodnight.” I said, trying to end the tension.

“Yeah… goodnight.” She answered and left awkwardly. I nodded as she shut off the light and I relaxed, somehow managing sleep.

The next morning I woke up to the sound of my alarm clock for once. Typically I would beat it, today however was different. Not a big deal. I hurried and got ready, dressing in dark skinny jeans, black v-neck and purple cardigan over a red thong and panties. I slipped on black sneakers before darting down for breakfast and continuing the morning ritual before boarding the mini-van as we sped off too school.

Once again school passed by rather uneventfully, until lunch rolled around. I found myself repeating the previous day’s tradition of sitting alone against a wall when I found company. A tall girl from several of my classes strolled over to me. She must have been around 5’11 honestly, with looong, toned, silky legs which were shown off from her mini-skirt. Her torso was covered by a black blazer and white button up blouse. She had long brown hair with the occasional curl and had the real 3-D glasses frames over her eyes. She was… really pretty.

“Do you mind if I sit with you?” She asked sweetly.

“Not at all.” I answered, glad to have company.

“Sorry for bothering you.” She said, slowly lowering herself to the ground to avoid revealing an inappropriate angle for the boys that were clearly gawking at her. She smiled at me. “I had a falling out with my friends and there isn’t any other place to sit.”

“No problem. I know how you feel… which you can probably tell since I’m sitting against a wall outside of the cafeteria.” I laughed at my own predicament.

“I’ve gathered… It’s funny. You’re sooo pretty. I’d think that you would have guys lined up to ask you to sit at their table.” She complimented me.

“I actually got a couple of offers but they were kind of jerks… aren’t you cold?” I asked. Her clothes didn’t seem to offer much warmth.

“Hmm… not really. And yeah I get what you mean about guys being jerks.” She smiled as she took a bite out of her sandwich. “So what’s your name?” She asked after she finished chewing.

“I’m Caylee. What about you?”

“Holly.” She replied with a grin. Just like that I made my first friend… Violet wouldn’t be happy. But if Olivia and Sadie could make friends, why couldn’t I?

*007*2012-11-24 02:58

Remember when I said I wasn't going to continue this? Well it was because I wasn't sure where to go with it. I'm still not, so for the time being I will leave it as is till inspiration strikes, or if you have any suggestion they would be kindly appreciated.

*010*2012-11-25 21:00

{{

Like the story

}}

{{

Love the story :)

}}

Glad you both like it:)

*012*2012-11-28 22:25

{{ 

Absolutely the best story I have read here in many months. I couldn't care less about vampires, but you thread them in and out with great proficiency. Please continue this story and be sure to throw in a wetting here and there. Really good stuff.

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed the story thus far. Unfortunately it's on hiatus till I can overcome my writer's block.

