Kind stories

Author: omofan77

*000*2014-01-21 21:16

Sector V was now formed and Numbuh 1 had become leader. He began working one on one with each teammate. Today he left with Numbuh 2 to see his flying skills, leaving Numbuh 3, 4, and 5 to find something to do. After much insistence from Numbuh 3, Numbuh 4 and 5 agreed to go to her tea party. They followed her to a room she found that had plenty of ingredients for tea. Soon she served the tea with toasts to new friends.

For most of the party, Numbuh 4 and 5 just drank without saying much. Numbuh 4 didn't pay much attention to Numbuh 3's talk of girly things, and although Numbuh 5 liked some of it, she was hopeful the party would be over soon. She and Numbuh 4 just drank quickly hoping to get through it quickly. Once they drank all of the tea, Numbuh 3 was the first to stand. "If you'll excuse me, I'm going to the bathroom." At this, Numbuh 4 and 5 realized they needed to go too. "Numbuh 5 will go with you," said Numbuh 5. "I guess I'll go too," said Numbuh 4, still wishing to get away from the girls. Once in the corridor, Numbuh 3 stopped. "Now which way?" she asked. "Easy," said Numbuh 4. "I already now where everything is." He led them left when they should have gone right.

After a few minutes of wandering, still no bathroom could be found. "You don't know where anything is here, do you?" asked Numbuh 5 as they descended another staircase and found themselves by an open window on the first level. "I didn't see you saying I was going the wrong way," said Numbuh 4. "Well Numbuh 5 isn't going to wait for you get us more lost. She'll find the bathroom on her own." She set off leaving the other two behind. "I can't wait," said Numbuh 3. She looked out the window and thought for a moment. "I'm going outside. Want to come too?" Numbuh 4 hesitated. He would never go in front of a girl. "Come on," said Numbuh 3. "We're friends. Friends help each other. Maybe if we go together, it won't be so embarrassing. Besides, I'd feel better if a strong boy like you were close by. Also, I've always wanted to try going standing like boys do."

Numbuh 4 didn't know what to do. He still felt unsure, but it looked like the only option. He felt something at Numbuh 3 calling him strong and he felt a strange desire to impress her and make her feel safe. "We'll do it your way," he said uncertainly. Numbuh 3 cheered. "Thanks," Numbuh 4. They helped each other out the window to the ground. Numbuh 4 held her hand as she climbed down. As he held her hand, a tremble ran through him. "It's a good thing we're going soon, the way you're shaking," said Numbuh 3. "Good thing," repeated Numbuh 4, even though the trembling had nothing to do his desperation. Still holding his hand, Numbuh 3 led them through the yard and stopped at a bush.

"Now what?" asked Numbuh 4. "How about we stand in the bush?" asked Numbuh 3. "We won't see what the other is doing." She stepped into the middle first. "It'll work," she said. She gave Numbuh 4 an encouraging smile. Something about the smile softened him. He felt he didn't mind this so much anymore. When he stepped into the middle, side by side with Numbuh 3, he was even more comfortable that everything from the waist down was hidden. Although both knew what the other was doing, they couldn't see the other pull their pants and underwear down. Both spread their legs and bent a little, Numbuh 4 so he could aim better.

At last, both relaxed and listened to the sound of urine hitting the grass. It wasn't anything new for Numbuh 4, but Numbuh 3 enjoyed all of it. She managed to see her stream make a puddle before her feet. The sound, the sight, and the feeling of relief was both fun and relaxing. She was also proud to be able to pee in this position that most girls don't. Even after the streams stopped, both still stood watching the final drips hit the ground before both readjusted their clothes and walked out.

"Thanks, Numbuh 4. That was fun. I'm glad we're friends. You're really nice." She reached over and hugged him. Being so close to her made Numbuh 4's heart race. Uncertain, he put his arms around her for a moment. I think I'm in love with her, he thought.

Numbuh 5, after more wondering, also found herself outside. After seeing Numbuh 3 and 4 walk out the bush, hug, and walk back, she thought she knew what happened. "Numbuh 5 guesses she'll leave the new couple alone." After looking back at the bush, she wondered. "Why not? It'll be Numbuh 5's secret. She walked into the bush and after getting into a comfortable position, peed as well. It was an unusual feeling, but the relief was worth it. She could get used to this, she thought.

*002*2014-02-05 19:44

Numbuh 3 woke up in the middle of the night. She was still getting used to the new bedroom in the treehouse. Having slept lightly these past few nights, it didn't take much to wake her. This time, a full bladder woke her. She thought about getting up, but felt afraid of the surroundings. Darkness was all around her and even her Rainbow Monkeys had a scary shadow about them. Carefully, she slid out of bed. The floor creaked loudly and she jumped. Running, she opened the door and looked around. The hallway was just as dark. It was long in both directions and it seemed even darker further down. The open and closed doorways gave her an uncomfortable feeling of something in the dark waiting to jump out as she walked by. Suddenly, she saw a shadow coming. It was very large and she could hear footsteps. She ran back in and locked the door, hiding under the covers.

The footsteps went by and it became quiet. Numbuh 3, not realizing it was Numbuh 1 on his way to the bathroom, still lay there. Her need to go was very strong, but she was now very afraid to leave. She tried to think of some other solution. Soon a thought occurred to her. This was her bed. Here, she had no parents to come into her room and no one else would look too closely at her bed either. Acting fast, Numbuh 3 found a corner of the bed at end and pulled back the sheets. Once a spot had been cleared away, she slid down her pajamas pants and sat down on the spot and nervously relaxed.

She felt a few drops hit the spot and tried not to think about it. Finally she heard and felt the stream become fast and long. She stood up a little bit and watched a stain appear. Even though she knew she shouldn't do this, the feeling was wonderful and oddly fun. She sighed in relief and her expression matched. Once the stream became drops, Numbuh 3 waited until the last drop stopped, then recovered the spot with a different sheet so her first sheets would stay dry when she took the new one off, and got back in bed, all but the corner dry, and went to sleep.

Numbuh 5 also a similar problem. She woke up at night, also having to go. But it was so comfortable in bed. She wanted to enjoy every moment of it before she had to get up in the morning. "Maybe Numbuh 5 can wait until then," she thought. That thought quickly became unlikely. The need became stronger and she was sure if she tried to go back to sleep now, everything will be wet and she was sure it would be uncomfortable in bed. As she looked around, she saw a cup on the nearby table. As Numbuh 5 picked it up, she reasoned, it's better than getting up. Under the covers, she undid her robe and held the cup to her bladder. She then urinated into the cup, pausing when it filled to drain it out the window, and resumed. Finally, she was completely relieved and placed the now empty cup in a hidden spot near the bed. "Might be handy again sometime," she thought. Satisfied, Numbuh 5 went back to sleep.

