Lauren’s Exploration

Author: db218

*000*2024-09-14 17:14

This next story I remember wondering how far I could stretch it. It explored multiple avenues of arousal for our suddenly aware subject, and helped open the doors to other stories. I have one more story in mind, but I could use ideas if anyone feels like offering up new paths I could take for our dear desperate Lauren.

*Messing content warning: Proceed at your own risk.*

It had been about two weeks since Lauren had her last two desperate accidents. She had pooped a couple of times but hadn't had any more desperate moments. Still she couldn't help but think about her two desperate situations and the arousal she felt at the second one. She had wanted to explore this more but hadn't gotten around to figuring out how. As it stood now she had last pooped on Tuesday and she was now getting ready for work on Friday morning. She did notice she was going more infrequently between pooping sessions and thought maybe that she could use that to her advantage.

As Lauren was getting herself dressed for work she was feeling quite full in her bowels and had to think about what aroused her about the last two incidents. Was it the actual accident or was it the desperation? Maybe it was both? She didn't really know but in order to figure this out more she would have to try it out and see. As she was putting on her skirt she realized how full her bowels were at this point and thought the best thing that she could do was simply keep holding on. It had been three days now since she last pooped and that was usually her limit so it would be interesting to find out if continuing to hold it would warrant a better result.

Lauren made herself a good sized breakfast along with something to drink which of course only fed the full feeling but in this case that was a good thing. She thought about holding it all day at work and then coming home and seeing how much longer she could hold it before she would have an accident. Lauren finished her breakfast, cleaned off her dishes and got in her car to go to work while feeling a massive bowel movement sitting in her heavily weighing her down. She wouldn’t be going anytime soon.

When she first got to work Lauren was so busy she almost completely forgot about her need to poop, which suited her just fine because she wanted to delay her bowel movement as long as humanly possible. Her boss had tasked her with many items throughout the day and had given her so much to do that she didn't even think about her need to poop again until lunch. When she realized that it was lunchtime she quickly left her cubicle to go find a lunch that would be filling and heavy but not greasy so that she wouldn't have to poop before she left for the day. She wanted to build the pressure and anticipation without making her poop sloppy.

After finishing her lunch Lauren got back to work with the things that her boss had asked her to do but her need to poop was playing a little more heavily on her mind throughout the day. At about 3:00 Lauren felt a serious urge to unload her bowels but she had to squeeze everything shut and hold her load in a little longer. She knew with only two hours left in the day she would be able to hold it but it would start to take a more considerable amount of effort to keep from losing it too early.

The next two hours went painfully slowly and Lauren’s poop was putting a lot of pressure on her the entire time. The load had moved down into her rectum by about 3:30, so she was actively working to hold her poop in the rest of the afternoon. It continued to get worse until just before 5. As Lauren was about to leave for the day, thanking her lucky stars that she didn’t need to poop at work, her boss came by and asked for a quick report, causing Lauren to delay going home another half hour. She silently swore, but knew she had no choice but to hold it a little longer. Strangely enough, her body finally cooperated, and she held it through that task and all the way home with no further issues.

When she got home Lauren cooked up a quick dinner and thought about her situation. She’d been holding her poop for three days, but only really noticed it today, so technically she joked to herself that she’d only really been holding for a day. If she could make it two days after noticing the urge, that would be satisfying, but maybe she could try for three days of actively holding the contents of her bowels? It was worth trying, especially since she was trying to figure out what part of all this got her aroused last time. With that thought, she simply decided she’d hold it as long as she was able to, and when she could no longer wait, she’d just let herself lose control when it was no longer possible to keep her load inside her bowels.

As Lauren’s evening wound down, occupied by minor chores and a movie, her urge was strong, but she continued to hold it, ultimately falling asleep with some difficulty to the minorly arousing feeling of a large load knocking on her back door.

Day Two (Four)

When Lauren woke up Saturday morning she initially didn’t feel her bowels, or the massive load they were carrying. She did however feel her bladder announce itself in a very abrasive way, pulsating and telling her she better pee soon or she would wet herself. She laid in bed for a little while longer, savoring the feeling of her bulging bladder and the desperate feeling, noting that this part aroused her as well. As she laid there waking up, squirming, her bowels swiftly woke up with renewed urgency. It was day 4 since her last bowel movement, and day 2 since she started actively holding it. The need was now quite pronounced, but she was still convinced she could easily hold it in.

As she was laying there getting more desperate, Lauren had a crazy thought. This was arousing her, why not see how far she could take it? Without a second thought she started touching herself, rubbing and pushing, feeling her bladder protest to the extra movement, and her bowels trying to push against her anus. She clenched and squeezed to keep everything in, more desperate than ever, exclaiming to the bedroom walls how bursting she was, and hoping she could hold on. It didn’t take long to reach a mind-blowing orgasm, during which she very nearly wet herself. She didn’t leak at all though, and she immediately stumbled to her feet and speed waddled to the bathroom where she practically ripped her panties off and threw herself on the toilet before her bladder exploded in the bowl for just under a minute.

Lauren sat for a second catching her breath and composing herself but was interrupted by a sudden intense pressure in her rectum as her poop suddenly tried to make its exit. She clenched as hard as she could, and the poop didn’t come out, and surprisingly didn’t even open her anus. As she finally got control, Lauren wiped and jumped into the shower to get ready for the day.

The first part of the day went well enough, and Lauren only felt a few urges from her bowels which she was able to fight back. This was the longest she’d held her poop, so it was bound to get more serious in short order. It was controllable for now, so Lauren kept on squeezing her anus shut. She noticed every time she went to pee it was getting harder to hold her poop back, but that was to be expected. She just had to try not to lose her poop on the toilet prematurely while emptying her bladder. That was going to be very tricky as time went on, and she knew it, but she’d cross that bridge when she got there.

As lunch approached, Lauren felt like she was peeing a bit more often, likely because her bladder was being compressed by the massive poop in her bowels. As she made her lunch she was dancing in place with another desperate need to pee, her bladder bulging slightly. She continued with her lunch anyway, a large sandwich which was definitely going to add to the weight of her poop. As she finished eating, she realized this pee was not going to wait much longer, so she quickly wrapped up and cleaned her plate, which was torture on her bladder with the running water. She shuffled to the bathroom keeping her legs tight together, praying she wouldn’t piss herself. 

She got to the bathroom and before she could sit down her bowels started a hard push on her poop, and she had to clench everything shut to keep from pooping. The problem was she was mere seconds away from wetting herself, and she couldn’t sit down right now without pooping. So Lauren continued desperately fighting back both urges, and it occurred to her that she might need to empty her bladder in order to keep holding her poop. She groaned briefly as she resigned herself to her fate, then pulled her dress up, and let her pee flood her panties, down her legs and puddling on the bathroom floor. Her bowels finally stopped pushing after briefly opening her anus, but Lauren was able to squeeze her anus closed and keep her load safely inside her rectum. Her bowels groaned with their displeasure of being denied again, but Lauren kept holding on.

After cleaning off and getting in a fresh pair of panties, Lauren decided to be a little daring. She’d drive to the nature park again, do a short walk, then do some quick food shopping. She wanted to do it today because she wasn’t sure she’d have the energy tomorrow. Also, she had a mild feeling of arousal at the idea of walking around in public holding in a huge load, especially if she could keep it hidden from people around her, or at least not make it too obvious.

She arrived at the park a few minutes later, feeling very full and heavy, and started walking. At first nothing happened and Lauren thought this might have been a waste of time. But a few minutes into her return walk to her car, her bowels kicked into overdrive, and she had to slow down and clench very hard to keep her bowels contained. As she reached her car a few minutes later she had another serious urge, and she had to stop at her car door fighting back tears with how hard her poop was pushing to come out now. She felt her anus open gradually, and she could feel a small turtlehead form. She only realized a second later she was very blatantly crossing her legs and probably looked exactly like what she was, a young woman trying desperately not to take a giant shit in her panties in a public park. She had to move on to the supermarket before she faced a threat to her panties that she couldn’t contain.

Thankfully the poop had retreated back into Lauren’s rectum, so she quickly drove to the supermarket, feeling a near constant pressure in her overloaded bowels, but trying not to reveal it to people around her. She found what she needed quickly, walked to the checkout and waited her turn. As she was paying her bowels activated again, and Lauren thought silently, “Not now!” She crossed her legs and squeezed her buttocks together as she was grabbing her receipt, and walked to her car feeling her turtlehead open her anus one more time. She got to her car a second later, and in an act of open desperation she hoped no one saw, she quickly reached behind her with a couple fingers on her panty seat and pushed the turtlehead back into her rectum before quickly sitting in her car to keep it contained again. So much for being discreet she thought as she giggled to herself. What a turn on though!

Lauren got back to her place a little while later and unloaded her groceries, still thinking how obvious she’d been during both major urges, showing exactly how desperate she was to keep her load inside her bowels. It was a turn-on, and it occurred to her she was discovering quite a bit about herself. The desperation, the exhibitionism, holding everything, having dominant control over her needs, and even losing control, they were all turning her on. It suddenly occurred to her she’d gotten herself off earlier holding back both needs, and she wanted to see if it would work on just holding back her poop. She might not be able to hold it back while masturbating even later today, so she had to try now.

Lauren was on her bed a few seconds later, lightly touching herself and waiting for her urge to kick into action again. As she was priming herself, she finally felt a renewed urgency from her bowels, and her anus opened again. She was now fully invested in her arousal, stimulating herself quite easily as she felt her turtlehead advance to daylight once more. She hoped she wouldn’t shit herself, but part of her was too aroused to care now. She kept rubbing, closer to climax by the second as her anus wrapped around the massive head of her poop, stimulating her even further. When Lauren reached climax, she thought her poop might come out completely with the tension of her orgasm, but surprisingly the mass stayed lodged in her anus, and as she was recovering she pushed on it through her panties, groaning as it slowly retreated back into her rectum one more time. Of course Lauren needed a fresh pair of panties with the staining she caused.

After changing again, Lauren got on with the remainder of her afternoon including a large dinner to stress her bowels even more. Her urges kept intensifying throughout the afternoon and evening, and she had to carefully choose when to pee to avoid sitting on the toilet and accidentally losing her poop too early. She had held it too long to lose it now, and was committed to a truly unavoidable and desperate voiding of her bowels.

Lauren distracted herself the rest of the evening with TV, not risking any chores as it might make the game end too early. As she was getting ready for bed, she was fighting the worst urge she’d had all day, the turtlehead advancing again, and she seriously thought it might be the end. But she squeezed to hold it in place, then pushed it back with her fingers yet again. She wasn’t worried about staining anymore, as these panties were likely to be the ones to get ruined by her load tomorrow anyway, though as she was laying in bed, she wondered if she’d even make it that far.

Day Three (Five)

Lauren had a terrible night of sleep, woken up multiple times by her bowels pushing hard to evacuate, and while it was easier in bed to keep her turtlehead contained, a couple times she still had to push her poop painfully back into her rectum. When she finally woke up for good, Lauren was so groggy she had trouble with what she was feeling. Her bowels were super full, her poop right at the edge of her rectum ready to explode into her panties. But there was… something else, she couldn’t quite bring her focus to it.

As she lay there in bed, the focus came back just a moment too late as Lauren suddenly felt her bladder uncontrollably emptying into her bed. She almost panicked until she remembered she had purchased a mattress protector not too long ago. She laid there in her puddle for a moment longer, savoring the relief, then immediately was brought back to reality as her bowels completely took her control of her body and tried again to unload in her panties. Lauren moaned with utter desperation to hold it and the effort it was taking, but this time her turtlehead advanced more than normal. She couldn’t close her anus around it, and when she tried to push it back into her rectum it hurt so much she had to stop.

Lauren realized she was truly at the end of her rope now. She slowly got out of her bed, careful not to put a poop stain on her sheets, as she went to the bathroom. She didn’t need to pee anymore, but she wanted to look at herself in the mirror. When she did, she saw a mess. Her hair was crazy, her panties were soaked, her belly was bulging almost as if she was pregnant, and she couldn’t seem to bring her legs together, probably because of her rock hard turd splitting her open.

Lauren wasn’t going to change her panties as she realized she was likely to lose control very soon anyway. She simply brushed out her hair, brushed her teeth and waited for the urge to return. After a short while walking around the house with her massive turtlehead holding her open, the urge did return in a serious way, and Lauren’s knees buckled slightly as several more inches of her poop came out, lightly touching her panties.

It was then she decided to come up with a way to make it feel more like a humiliating accident, like she was just some pathetic young woman who didn’t have the control of her bowels to wait just a little longer. She had a brief break between urges to think about it, and she came up with what she thought was a good idea. Her bathroom door locked from inside, and could be unlocked using a small pin or screwdriver in just the right spot through a hole in the doorknob. She immediately locked and closed the door, depriving herself of access to her only working toilet.

Over the next half hour, Lauren felt her poop nestled between her large butt cheeks, and it was quite the turn-on, as was the now constant pressure she was feeling in her bowels threatening to force the rest of her poop out at any moment. She was simply waiting for the final urge to come, then she would enact her final plan to see if that part aroused her too. She kept slowly walking around the house, feeling super naughty and sexy with a giant poop sticking out of her like a tail, just waiting for her desperately full bowels to overwhelm her control and finally unload their five days of pent-up poop into her wet panties.

It took another few minutes of walking around, but Lauren finally felt like the next wave was coming, and it would likely be the last. She kept shuffling around, ultimately ending up in her laundry room at the far end of the house, the farthest point from her bathroom when the urge finally struck with more force than she’d ever felt before. Her knees went weak, but she had to pull herself together and get to the bathroom. Fighting the instant and desperate urge to push her load into her panties she carefully waddled to the bathroom door. The poop was slowly coming out the whole time, inch by painful inch, seemingly as thick as a baseball bat, knobby and harder than any she’d ever felt. 

She got to the bathroom door with just over six inches of her poop already coming out, and grabbed the door handle, trying to turn but realizing it was locked. Lauren put on a good show of doing a pronounced poop dance, acting out the desperation she was feeling as her poop kept coming out. She started getting vocal about it, saying things like, “Please unlock the door, I can’t hold it!” 

Another inch and more dancing, and it was “I’m bursting, please let me in!” Another two inches and jumping on the spot, and she said, “I’m filling my panties, oh pleeease, don’t make me wait any longer!” A foot of poop was pressing out her panties when she lost all control, her knees buckled, and her bowels forcibly evacuated their five days of contents in less than a minute as Lauren almost screamed, “I can’t hold it, pleeeease, nooooo!” As the last of her massive bowel movement entered her panties, sagging them badly and pulling them down enough to expose her butt crack, the tears started, partly in the act of desperation she was doing for her own benefit, but also from the incredible relief she felt with her bowels finally being empty.

Lauren awkwardly waddled to the closet to get a small screwdriver, then unlocked the door, getting very aroused with her giant load swinging side to side in her sagging panties. She unlocked the door and admired herself for a few minutes, realizing that the act of completely losing control of her overloaded bowels was almost the biggest arousal of all. The load was more than softball sized, maybe the size of a grapefruit or larger. The immediate thought Lauren had was that she wanted one last jolt out of this, so she whipped a towel off the rack, walked to her bedroom, laid on the towel on her bed and brought herself to an earth-shattering orgasm in her poop-filled wet panties. She finally cleaned up after walking around in her loaded panties for a little while longer and taking some pictures for later use. She would definitely be exploring all of this again as soon as she was able to find some time.

More stories of Lauren will follow, but if you have suggestions I haven’t explored, please share!

