Gotham Knights

Author: Nimbus

*000*2015-01-08 04:17

When I came back to this site this was the story I was most excited to write. The only problem was limited amount of free time and my tendency to get lazy with stories. My solution was to seek out a co-author and luckily I found one in Linkx (If I was smart enough that would have been a link to his profile). In fact this chapter is his own contribution. I can't tell you how often this story will be updated but I do have lots in store for it. My own contribution will come soon.

At a quarter to midnight a young blond stepped out from a dingy bar into the hazy night air of a seedier area of Gotham city. She looked a bit young but nothing a fake id and her lengthy toned legs couldn’t grant her access to. Turning her head to the night sky she glanced at the crescent moon before hopping off the steps of the bar heading home. The dimly lit streets seemed to stretch on forever and while her tight skirt excelled at showing off her figure it did little to help with the brisk night air.

She walked at a moderate pace her eyes on alert as if she was searching for something. The girl paused looking down a dark alley when an icy voice made her shudder. “Oi, princess what’re you lookin at, huh?” one of the thugs inhabiting the alleyway asked as a trio of unsavory characters exited the shadows surrounding the lonesome girl.

“I… well nothing…” she stammered out as the three men surrounded her.

“Tony look at this she thinks she’s a tough girl.” One of the thugs said through a thick accent as he grabbed the collar of her jacket rubbing the leather between his fingers. The other two gave a nasally laugh. “We’ll see how tough she is when she’s bent over all fours for the boss. Didn’t anyone teach you this part of town’s dangerous?”

The girl’s nervous expression blanked before turning into a wolfish grin. “Yes, yes in fact it is quite dangerous.” Before any of the three could react she delivered a bone crushing haymaker straight at the thug in front. Her grin intensified feeling the satisfying crunch of bone under her fist. The man let out an anguished cry of surprise as his jaw shattered and he was knocked off his feet crashing to the ground. His accomplices just stared in shock as the fearful girl transformed into a very real threat for the hoodlums. She turned swiftly and before they could react sent the second thug flying back with a swift kick to the chest and a stinging hook caused the last standing man to stumble back until he caught himself on the wall.

The muscled thug pulled out a knife releasing the blade with a “shlick” and charged at her. While she focused on her attacker Tony fumbled out his cellphone rapidly punching in a phone number. “Boss…“ he groaned, his voice distorted by the agony talking with a fractured jaw brought. “Sh…she’s here!” Her ears perked as she heard the crippled assailant mumbling on the phone. “I’ll make you pay for that!” The criminal growled brandishing the knife slashing at her. She grinned catching his hand at the bottom of his slash after sidestepping the clumsy assault. She squeezed with some of her super human strength and the knife clattered to the ground before she jammed his wrist towards him pinning it painfully against his chest. With him painfully incapacitated she slugged him in the head and the man crumpled to the ground never having stood a chance.

The third man had scrambled to his feet and seeing how swiftly his companion had been dealt with. Deciding rather than risk being put down like the other two her turned tail scurrying through the alley frantically looking over his shoulder making sure she wasn’t chasing him. Clumsily clattering into overturned trashcans he was quickly gone and the mysterious girl turned her attention to the groaning thug whom the others had called Tony earlier.

“So, Tony was it?” she asked with a wolfish grin staring down at him. He just responded with a glare reaching into his jacket. As fast as he tried to pull the gun on her she was faster. A swift kick sent the firearm flying far out of his reach and elicited a howl of pain from the thug. “You bitch you fucking bitch!” he cursed alternating between holding his jaw and holding his now damaged hand. Her expression hardened somewhat and she was done playing with them. “You’re going to tell me where the girls are and what you’ve been doing with them!” She demanded fervently.

He just laughed wincing in pain before spitting blood off to the side. “Why the fuck would I tell you that?” he responded rather flippantly.

“Because, if you’re lucky I won’t break anything else on you tonight.” She replied coldly as she unzipped her leather jacket revealing a skin tight blue top emblazoned with a large stylized S over the chest.

“S…supergirl… shit I mean I’ll talk just don’t fucking throw me into the sun or something ok?” he muttered quickly changing his attitude. Suddenly it all made sense; the strength, agility and the fact that she kicked the ass of three men twice her size without breaking a sweat.

“Ok Ok… the docks. Warehouse 41.”

“Go on.” She barked angrily. “What are you doing with the girls you’re abducting!” she asked him a second question already having a feeling she knew what the organization was doing and the thought made her sick to her stomach. He confirmed her suspicions when he next opened his mouth.

“Shit, I don’t fuckin know. I think they’re sellin em or some shit. I’m just a scout I just find pretty girls like you for them honest. I got nothing to do with whatever it is they’re doing!” he confessed trying to distance himself from the organization at the same time. She let out an exasperated growl as she just grabbed the injured man by the ankle dragging him along the ground. Grabbing the foot of the unconscious man she dragged them both to the side walk. Disgusted by the sleazy man’s cowardice she ripped a street sign out of the ground with a flex of her powerful kryptonian muscles. Bending the thin steel she wrapped the metal post of the sign around the pair before dusting off her hands.

“Next time maybe you’ll think twice about your actions.” She said in a disapproving tone before cracking the other man over the head with her fist causing him to slump; unconscious like his friend. She looked around zipping up her jacket aware of a rather strong urge to pee. It wasn’t uncommon for her to hold it for far longer than normal sometimes even verging on much too long. Her super strength gave her an advantage when it came to holding her pee however the few beers she had in the bar along with the days consumption of water was starting to be an issue. She considered squatting in the alley and relieving herself on the ground but ended up deciding against it counting on her powerful muscles to hold it. “No time… gotta get to that warehouse.” She muttered before leaping into the air flying towards the shipping district.

She had only been in Gotham a little over a week but as soon as the girl had arrived she’d gone to work. Of course the young woman was really in Gotham to attend the prestigious Gotham University as the studious Kara Kent. There wasn’t anything stopping her from tying to make it a better place on the side while she was here. She flew low not wanting to go any higher than she had to as the night was already cold enough. “It’s already one in the morning…” she groaned looking at the time. She really hadn’t meant to be out this late especially with orientation in the morning but she’d lost track of time at the bar and now had a promising lead on the scum she had been investigating since she’d arrived. “Okay, I’ll wrap this up. Leave them for the cops and then be back by two.” She groaned at the thought “then have to be up by seven for the orientation.”

Shortly after she left the scene of the altercation she arrived at the docks. She counted up the corroded warehouse id numbers as she flew through the docks. “Thirty-seven… thirty-eight… thirty-nine…” she yawned aloud skipping forty. “Forty-one. Gotcha slime balls.” She floated down to the ground landed effortlessly as she transitioned into a silent run. Focusing on the wall she blinked for a moment before gazing intently trying to see beyond with her x-ray vision. She could make out rough shapes but the detail just wouldn’t come. She frowned taking a step back as she looked at the aged peeling paint on the outside of the warehouse. “Must be lead based…” Kara grumbled as she crept around the outside of the building looking for a way in.

The blond stopped in front of a door looking around. So far the overwhelming silence of the dockyard had not been a good sign. She had at least expected some lights on but the place seemed dead. “Maybe he was lying…” she said quietly with a frown. Meanwhile her bladder sent another nagging urge and she allowed herself to cross her legs taking deep breaths until the need somewhat subsided. Annoyed by her rather pressing need she dealt a powerful kick knocking the door clean off its hinges sending it clear across the room clattering to the ground with a cacophony of metallic noises.

Darting into the warehouse she once again tried her x-ray vision. What she saw made her gulp nervously; men with guns, lots of guns presumably waiting for her. With a resounding click of the breaker engaging the warehouse was flooded with light and all sorts of unsavory characters emerged holding a wide array of weapons. “Shit…” she muttered as she leapt behind a shipping container with the hail of automatic gun fire echoing out. How many were there? Ten, maybe fifteen guys all with the goal of eliminating the pesky intruder. She stood with her back pressed firmly against the container. Quickly she pulled out her cell phone dialing the police.

She couldn’t hear what the operator was saying over the gunfire but she shouted the warehouse number into the mouth piece hoping they could hear her over the hail of bullets. One of the braver men turned the corner hoping to catch her off guard but she was faster. Hurling her phone at the man’s head he staggered back dazed. In the split second he staggered back she was already at him following up with a straight punch to the abdomen. He doubled over and she grabbed him by the collar of his jacket and hurled him into the wall. The surge of adrenaline was doing her bladder no favors as all the excitement seemed to only increase her desperation. She picked up her phone frowning at the prominent crack the screen now wore.

Slipping the phone into her pocket she went to work dispatching the armed thugs. Utilizing her speed and strength the lithe woman slipped between corridors of shipping items and machinery ambushing the unsuspecting men clobbering them one at a time until a relative peace emerged over the warehouse. Muffled cries of help dimly echoed from a corner of the industrial building and after giving a cursory check of the area with her x-ray vision she leapt above the clutter on the ground floor and flew over to what looked like an assortment of makeshift cages. A fair number of attractive women were imprisoned all bound and gagged.

She went to each cage ripping off the chain padlock in disgust. “You’re safe now. The police will be here soon.” She commented the vague sound of police sirens slowly growing in the distance. She wrinkled her nose at the acrid smell of urine doing her best to ignore the puddles of urine a few of the women were standing in undoubtedly frightened by the sudden warzone that had broken out. She knew if the battle had gone any longer she might end up in their position.

As she got to the last cage a plucky red head looked at her in admiration as she busted off the lock. The look suddenly turned to fear as she tried to communicate. All that came from behind the prisoner’s gag was an undiscernible “mmmmph mmm! Mmmmh!” Supergirl figured out the warning a moment too late as she turned around seeing a large pistol leveled at her from a goon she somehow missed.

“Say goodnight princess!” he pulled the trigger firing a shot at her. She cried out in pain as the bullet blasted her in the shoulder. Her skin was impervious to such small arms fire but that didn’t mean it wouldn’t hurt like hell getting shot at close range like that. In the brief moment that pain exploded from her shoulder her overly full bladder suddenly let out a jet of liquid that saturated her underwear instantly. Fortunately it was absorbed mostly by the fabric but two rivulets of liquid dribbled down her right leg. Without giving him time to react she lunged at him dodging a second and third shot before delivering a knock out upper cut. The blow landed with such force the man was knocked clear off the ground as he tumbled back knocked clean unconscious.

She panted keenly aware of a damp clingy feeling between her legs. Blushing she massaged her shoulder where the bullet had struck her. “Shit… that’s going to bruise.” She muttered turning back to the prisoners. “The cops will be here in a moment, I really need to get going.” She announced trying to keep the desperation out of her voice as she leapt into the air bracing herself as she flew through a window into the chilly Gotham night. “Already one forty.” She said with a groan as she flew towards the Gotham University dorm rooms. Under her she could see the flashing red and blue lights of the police cruisers starting to swarm the scene. Her flight was interrupted by another wave of pressure that caused a dribble to redampen her panties. With a wide eyed yelp she jammed one hand between her legs holding herself as she flew.

She flew as best she could without losing it. Normally she would have landed around the corner and walked back into the dorms but she was absolutely bursting and didn’t want to risk flooding herself while walking through the dorm room corridors. Getting to her window she yanked it open barely keeping her strength in check and climbed in. “Fuck…” she cursed between gritted teeth as she had to stop and cross her legs tightly before making a sprint to the restroom.

With the toilet finally in sight she yanked up her skirt planting her rear down not even bothering to pull down her underwear as she let loose a powerful stream. The only thing louder than the audible hiss was her moan of relief. “I really have to stop waiting so long…” she commented blushing at the fact that she was peeing through her panties. When she was finally finished she stood up and gingerly took down her drenched underwear holding them up with a sigh. “These definitely need to be washed…” she muttered examining the pale yellow discoloration they now showed.

Rinsing them off in the sink she eventually tossed them into her laundry hamper before collapsing in bed exhausted. She stared bleary eyed over at the empty bed wondering what her roommate would be like. Quickly she fell into a deep slumber brought on by her night’s work of crime fighting.

*005*2015-01-11 06:02

And my chapter. I still don't know how often that this story will be updated, probably not very frequently but it will be completed.

Three figures occupied a small concrete room. Only two of those figures alive. Slumped over in a rickety chair, coated in blood was a beefy man bearing the logo of the notorious crime boss Penguin. Observing the cadaver were two dark and mysterious figures whose images seemed to flicker and glow.

The first figure was a tall adult male dressed in grey plated armor with a black bat symbol across the chest. Although very little of his suit was actually visible; instead, his black cape was draped over his body only allowing a small slit of his front visible. From behind that slit his golden utility belt glimmered ever so slightly. His face was hidden by his cowl. White light emitted from the HUD interface in the eyes of the mask.

The other figure was a far shorter girl. The female vigilante donned a spider silk suit that hugged tightly to her toned body. The black on her suit was only broken up by the yellow bat symbol across her well-endowed chest and the purple line that ran vertically on both her sides. Her own utility belt hung lopsided on her waist. Her cowl was similar to her mentors, although golden hair cascaded freely down her back.

“This is the fifth crime scene following this M.O.” Batman grunted.

“The first one you’ve shown me.” Batgirl mumbled as she examined the body. “Five bullet wounds, each limb as well as the head. Four of the wounds were… sealed up by some sort of foam. The headshot is what killed him.”

“Whoever our assailant is has interrogated a high ranking member of each of the five main gangs in Gotham… except the jokers.”

“Wait. When did we decide these were interrogations?” Batgirl asked, gesturing to the cadaver before them.

“Why waste ammunition on the extremities, especially ammunition that stems blood flow? Whoever fired these shots wanted to keep him alive for a reason.”

“Perhaps to torture them? Maybe it was Joker’s way of sending a message?”

“The joker has better ways to torture someone; besides, these killings are too clean, too organized for Joker. Our assailant had to have vetted his targets, set up these kill rooms in advanced. Joker does not have the patience to pull this off.”

“Mm, well whoever did interrogate these people apparently didn’t do that good of a job.”

How do you figure?” Batman asked, an amused smile crept across his lips. The sight sent a shiver through batgirl’s body.

“Well… he’s dead.” She shrugged.

“Perhaps our assailant simply did not wish to be known. In which case this is definitely not the work of Joker.”

“I guess you are right.” Batgirl sunk her head slightly.

“Do you have any more deductions?” When his protégé shook her head he launched into his own deduction. “Judging by the traces of gun powder on the cadaver as well as the entrance and exit points of his bullet wounds we can use the trajectory of the bullets to presume that the assailant fired from here with his gun here.” Bruce stood near the chair with his arm stretched out so he was almost touching the body. “Assuming that he kept his arm straight then this would put our killer at about six feet tall. Roughly.”

“Oh, yeah. That too.” Batgirl added.

“Unfortunately there is not much else this room can tell us that we did not already know. Thankfully our killer chose a smaller space which forced him to unwittingly reveal his height.”

“Assuming it is a ‘he’.”

“It is possible that we are looking for a female killer. It is, however, more likely to be a six foot man.”

“Girl’s wear high heels Bruce.” Batgirl pointed out.

“Once again it is possible, but unlikely. Very few females are capable of overpowering a six foot two man. Even fewer would be capable of doing so while wearing high heels.”

“She could have changed into them while interrogating him.”

“Have you ever heard of Occam’s razor?”

“It sounds familiar.”

“Occam’s razor is heuristic maxim which states that the theory with the least amount of assumptions is generally correct.”

“Heuri-heur…. What?”

“Heuristic maxim. It means rule of thumb.”

“So my theory is possible.” Batgirl smiled.

“Possible, but in the words of the greatest detective: “Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.”

“I thought you were the greatest detective.”

“Perhaps I am in this world. In the fictitious world weaved by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, that title belongs to Sherlock Holmes.”

“I never knew you were a literary buff.”

“Alfred, end hologram.” Batman stated, ignoring his young apprentice.

All at once the dim concrete room faded away and the duo found themselves in an even darker location. The new setting, however, was far vaster than the previous. The room they occupied, if you could even call it a room, was within a large cave and was suspended upon metal catwalks and platforms. Several complex machines and strange souvenirs filled the room but behind them was the heart of the lair. One large monitor that was more like a small movie screen was surrounded by a series of smaller monitors.

Stephanie had heard tales of the mysterious Bat cave for quite a while before she had finally seen it. She had always assumed the “cave” was a clever title rather than an actual cave. Instead she found herself beneath the Wayne Manor foundations on a series of elevated platforms surrounded by uneven rocky walls that she believed to be naturally formed. There were even stalactites. The only manmade extrusion of the cave was held a massive collection of items. The Bat Museum, as Stephanie had taken to calling it in her head.

The “museum” was primarily made up of trophies and souvenirs from past victories. One would almost instantly take notice of the mechanical tyrannosaurus in the room, probably followed by the two story penny. Of course Bruce always claimed it was to keep objects out of the wrong hands or for further study. If that’s true, there are better ways to keep things safe other than putting the first iteration of Fries’ ice gun in a glass case.

“Oracle has been looking into the foam bullets but so far she has not yielded any results. Now that we know of our suspect’s height we can cross reference that along with gun owners and those with criminal records.” Batman announced.

“So we’ve made progress?”

“Hopefully; it’s possible that the perpetrator has no criminal history and obtained the gun illegally. Our best shot is if the foam bullets provide us with a lead. Still, knowledge of the height could be helpful.”

Stephanie nodded. “I’m glad I helped. I think.”

Bruce booted up the Bat Computer and added the location of the crime scene to four others. “The suspect never uses the same location, though he keeps to the same type. Abandoned warehouses, storage buildings, apartments and anything else he can make do with. Unfortunately that still leaves too many locations left to monitor. There is no obvious pattern, the dates are random and there are no indicators to where he will make his next move. Our target is good.”

Stephanie couldn’t tell if Bruce was addressing her or if he was simply thinking aloud. She decided to remain silent unless she could somehow find a pattern in the marked locations on the Bat Computer. So far she was clueless.

“Sir, perhaps it would be best to sleep on it?”

“Bats are nocturnal, Alfred.”

“Yes, but billionaires who have a board meeting in the morning, are not. As for you, Ms. Brown, might I remind you that you have freshman orientation tomorrow at twelve?”

“Right… Thanks, Alfred.” Stephanie mumbled as she slipped the cowl off to reveal her porcelain face. “Try to get some sleep, Bruce.” She said as she moved to the dressing room. She emerged a while later dressed in a plain navy blue t-shirt and heart spangled shorts that could almost pass for boxers. Perfect sleepwear.

If had taken even longer for Stephanie to enter Wayne Manor for the first time than her initial visit to the Bat Cave. Once she had, though, “Gotham’s Palace” had become a second home to her. In fact in the last two weeks it had literally become her home. Stephanie was going to Gotham University the next day and she had moved out of her tiny, run-down apartment in preparation to live in the dorms. In the meantime she lived on Bruce’s hospitality.

As she walked to her room she passed through an entertainment room containing old arcade machines, pool, air hockey and foosball, a large couch and a couple single chairs, a coffee table, an entertainment center with the largest flat screen HD and 3D TV and several game consoles with an even larger library of games. What had caught Stephanie’s attention, however, were the two boys playing one of said games on the couch.

Richard “Dick” Grayson was the eldest of the two boys at age twenty-four. A mop of long dark hair crowned his head. From behind Stephanie could only imagine his sweet brown eyes. Tall, dark and handsome definitely had Stephanie’s heart racing a little faster with each encounter.

Damian Wayne was only ten years old and sported a shorter mane of dark hair. His eyes, much like Bruce’s, were emerald green. He even had the same strong jaw of his father. To Stephanie it was fairly obvious that the Dark Knight Jr. would eventually have good looks to rival Dick’s.

“What are you boys up to?” Stephanie asked as she leaned over the couch behind them to get a better look at the game.

“It is a game called Gray Ghost Origins. It is all very trivial and childish but I am humoring Dick.” Damian said in his usual snobbish manner. Still he didn’t do a very good job of hiding his enjoyment.

“Well fortunately for you it’s past your bed time.” Stephanie teased.

“I am a former assassin, the grandson of Ra’s al Ghul, the son of Batman. I am Robin. I do not have a bed time.”

“You are also Damian Wayne, fourth grader extraordinaire. You do have a bed time.” Stephanie ruffled the boy’s hair. He grunted but sulked to his room.

“Great, now I lost my opponent. In that case I think you have to fill his place and humor me.” Dick winked.

“I can try.” Stephanie agreed uneasily. At some point in the Bat Cave her bladder had begun to send her signals that it would be a good idea to start moving to the restroom. Of course that luxury wasn’t something she would ask of Bruce while they were donning the mantle. Still, it wasn’t every day that she got to spend time with Blüdhaven’s protector. The fact that she had a crush on him was also a deciding factor.

“Alright, do you know how to play?” Stephanie shook her head. “It’s simple you are the dastardly villain and I am the dashing hero.” He said before sliding over so their thighs and hips pressed together. Stephanie blushed slightly when he held her control over her hands and had helped her find the buttons to do different things.

“Alright tutorials over.” Dick said quickly moving his hands back to his controller and defeating Stephanie’s character.

As much of a crush as Stephanie had on Dick, nothing got in the way of her competitive nature and soon she got a hold of the game and evened the playing field. Perhaps it was the excitement of the game, or perhaps how badly she wanted to be with Dick that distracted Stephanie from her bladder, but eventually Stephanie started to squirm when she took notice of it again. She blushed when Dick observed her.

“Are you OK, Steph?” He asked with a raised eye brow.

“Yeah.” Steph muttered weakly. “I just need to get to bed. Let’s finish this round and call it good.”

Dick agreed to her conditions and the two continued. This round was Stephanie’s worst yet. She was more focused on moving her legs than moving her player across the map. The poor heroine alternated between bouncing her legs, crossing them or tapping her feet. When the round finally came to an end Dick had defeated Stephanie quite a bit.

Stephanie barely said goodnight before dashing off as fast as she could hobble. Why are the bathrooms so far apart? Stephanie wondered to herself. Why is this house so big? Despite her frantic worrying she did eventually reach a bathroom. She only managed to shut the door so that it was still open a crack as she made her bee line for the toilet. In one swift move her panties and shorts were around her ankles and her butt was on the toilet.

A loud, forceful stream of gold sprayed the clear water below, slowly overcoming it till the two liquids matched. This continued for some time and even elicited a sigh of relief from the formerly desperate bat girl. When the stream finally died down Stephanie cleaned herself up and headed out the door.

Dick was leaning against the wall neck to the door. “You know, if you had to pee that bad you could have just paused the game.”

*

The next morning Stephanie had fled Wayne Manor as quickly as possible while still dressing up as cute as possible. The blonde teen bore skin tight dark wash jeans, and a black v-neck that wasn’t much looser. Her flawless face was accented by winged mascara that drew attention to her shiny brown eyes and peach lipstick lined the parameter of her smile.

It took a little while but eventually Stephanie found her dorm. She entered her room to find a leggy brunette sprawled out snoring lightly on her bed only partially covered by her sheet. Fortunately she had donned a tee-shirt and panties before slipping off to sleep. Stephanie noted banners from a town called Smallville as well as a Metropolis Sharks banner; plastered around her roommate's side were what she assumed band posters of names she's never heard before. “Megadeth....” she asked quietly not wanting to disturb the girl.

The girl groaned and opened her eyes “Yeah... Megadeth you know, Dave Mustaine and company.” she said her voice horse and her appearance disheveled. The girl was clearly not a morning person which was only amplified by her late night.

“You better be careful with that Sharks banner around here.” Stephanie replied with a grin.

“I’m also a Rogues fan if that helps.” The girl herself was absolutely stunning and about half a head taller than Stephanie. She slowly climbed out of bed blinking a few times when she saw the time and just rubbed her eyes knowing orientation would be soon. The tight fitting tee-shirt gave a generous view of her cleavage. “If you'll excuse me I'm going to get ready to face the morning... it is way too early to be up without a shower.” she said rubbing her face again as if trying to force herself awake while making her way to the bathroom locking the door behind her.

Stephanie blinked as the scene unfolded “Hello, my name is Stephanie Brown and I guess I’m your roommate.” From the bathroom she heard a muffled reply. “Kara... Kara Kent.”

*006*2015-07-30 08:05

I imagine you thought this was over? Nope! I still have a plan for this story. Unfortunately I was tied up with where to go on this chapter and ended up writing this filler chapter.

“You do realize it is the evening, right?” Kara asked.

“It’s never too late for waffles, my dear roomie.” Stephanie said through a mouthful of syrupy goodness.

“Alright, well I guess now is a good enough time to warn you, my schedule is pretty hectic so I may come in and out at all hours of the night.” Kara admitted.

“You too?” Stephanie cried. “I’m a bit of a night owl myself, ironically.”

“Ironically?”

“Well technically I’m butchering the use of irony but… eh, it’s a bit of an inside joke. Never mind.” Stephanie shrugged. “So I have a question.”

“I might have an answer.”

“I was putting some of my clothes away in the room and I happened to notice a pair of superman undies. Do you happen to have a crush on the man of steel?” Stephanie teased.

“No! Definitely not!” Kara said, almost disgusted.

“Whoa, no need to get defensive there.” Stephanie raised her arms in surrender. “I was just curious.”

“sorry, uh no. I just keep them to remind me of where I come from.” The words had barely passed Kara lips before Stephanie caught Kara cringing for a fraction of a second. A micro-expression. Bruce had taught Stephanie all about them. They lasted for less than a second but revealed a person’s true emotions when they were trying to conceal something. Bruce had conditioned Stephanie to lose the trait. Kara on the other hand obviously had not been trained in the art. What is she hiding?

“Metropolis, right?”

Another micro-expression: relief. “Yeah, Metropolis.”

“Speaking of Metropolis what brings you all the way to Gotham? Not dangerous enough for you.” Stephanie said. It’s best not to pry. Stephanie decided. Either she will tell me or I will ease it out of her.

“No, it had nothing to do with danger. Um, have you ever been stuck in someone’s shadow before?” Kara asked.

Stephanie lowered her head. It was her turn to let her emotions slip through. “Yes.” She admitted simply.

“What about you? You lived here before, right?”

“Yeah, my whole life. Gotham’s my home. Which is why I know that it has its dark side. I mean everyone knows Gotham is pretty bad, but until you actually live here you don’t know what you are getting yourself into.”

“Don’t worry, I can handle myself.” Kara gave a smile as if she knew something Stephanie didn’t.

“I certainly hope so.” Stephanie nodded. Before the conversation could move any further Stephanie’s phone went off. “I am vengeance, I am the night, I am-“ She silenced her text tone and read the message from Dick: “Suit up.”

“I’m sorry to cut this short but I have to get going.”

*

“You’re not Nightwing.” Stephanie frowned.

“Sorry to burst your bubble, lover girl. I hacked is phone to send a text to you to get you here faster.” Barbara replied.

Barbara Gordon spun her rolly chair away from the BatComputer. The beautiful red head was in her early twenties and the former batgirl. After she had regained use of her legs she had spent some time taking up her former mantle. Stephanie still didn’t know why she had taken up the mantle of Oracle again.

“I don’t respond to his call to arms any faster than I respond to yours.” Stephanie stomped her foot.

“Sure you don’t. Anyway tonight you are on stake out duty. There are reports of Penguin shipping arms to the Falcone’s. It’s your job to keep watch.”

“It’s not my night though.” Stephanie pointed out.

“It is now. Get dressed.” It wasn’t any secret that Barbara had a certain disdain for Stephanie. She wasn’t entirely sure why Oracle hated her, but she assumed Barbara was jealous of Stephanie for taking up her former mantle.

Still, Barbara had authority over Stephanie so she followed her directions. Hours later Stephanie found herself pacing the rooftop of a building overlooking the alleyway where the supposed weapons deal was meant to take place.

“Are you Ok? You’re breathing rather rapidly.” Oracle observed over the headset.

“Uh, yeah. I’m fine.” Stephanie was not fine. She needed to pee. Very badly. And I thought that game with Dick was bad. This is awful! The batgirl paced the edge of the roof. Her normally immaculate posture (forcibly taught to her by Bruce) had given away to a hunched gait that bordered on waddling.

“I’m just bored.” Stephanie spoke between labored breaths. “Why is this taking so long.”

“I don’t know.” Oracle admitted. “Just give it time. I am sure they will show up.”

Stephanie groaned but continued her pace. Periodically Stephanie would freeze up. Her legs would coil tightly around each other and she would double over. Her butt would bob in the air as she did so. The only way to remedy the situation would be for her to hold herself for several moments before she could resume pacing.

Stephanie doubled over again. She placed one hand on the rooftop access for balance. Her butt bobbed wildly in the air while she tried to maintain control of her bladder. Her free hand kneaded into her crotch. Stephanie’s desperate struggles were ultimately futile. She felt a liquid warmth spread into her underwear as she began to spurt.

“O-OK. Barbara… I need to pee!”

“That’s hardly worth my time. Also, don’t use my civilian identity.”

“Please, Oracle. What do I do?”

“Hold it. You are a hero now. You have to be in control of your bladder.” She scolded Stephanie.

“I-I can’t hold it anymore.” Stephanie admitted.

Hot pee gushed from her pee hole. Stephanie’s hand was soaked with the liquid when it sprayed out of her suit. The golden liquid cascaded down her longs legs, soaking her costume. Her legs trembled, her back arced. Relief and humiliation mingled. The stream continued to force its way out of her body and saturate her legs and her skin tight outfit.

Her underwear had been soaked the moment the flood began. The liquid warmth had spread from her crotch and down her legs, some had even spread to her butt. Rivulets of gold drizzled down her calves. She moaned softly. Golden embarrassment pooled at her feet. Her breathing grew heavy. Her wet outfit glistened in the moonlight.

Stephanie’s legs gave out and she fell to her knees. Once the stream of urine died out a stream of tears took its place.

“Are you serious? You want to be batgirl but you aren’t even a big girl. Get back to the cave.”

“W-what about the weapons deal.”

“There wasn’t any deal. I wanted to test your resolve. Apparently you don’t even have the strength to control your bladder.

*008*2015-07-31 00:54

{{:

This is getting better and better I'm very eager to read more

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you are enjoying it:) The next update definitely will not be as delayed as this one was:P

*010*2015-08-12 04:53

Alright here is the first part of the next chapter. It will be a while before I can move on with the next half but here you go for now.

“You and your stupid stick!” Batgirl growled.

“It’s a bo staff.” Nightwing corrected.

The two were engaged in a sparring match. Dick clearly had the upper hand over Stephanie. The blonde batgirl was huffing after each attempt to land a strike on the calm and collected former robin.

“You know, I don’t even use a bo staff that often anymore.” Dick taunted as he caught Stephanie in the side with one end. She retreated with her hand pressed against her side.

“I don’t use a weapon at all. Maybe I should even the odds.” She growled. Stephanie’s roundhouse kick actually made contact with Dick’s hip.

“Good kick. You aren’t trained to use a weapon. You would probably just end up hurting yourself more.” Dick stated. His staff caught Stephanie in the shoulder.

She bent at the waist in recoil. She took advantage of her position and tackled Dick by the waist. “You don’t know that!”

“You are getting better.” Dick commented from beneath Stephanie. “But now what are you going to do with me.” He teased, bringing his face close to her own. Stephanie blushed. The batgirl awkwardly scampered off Nightwing.

“You want to try a weapon go ahead.” Dick tossed her the bo staff. “Come at me.”

Stephanie deliberated for a moment. She skirted around Dick, who rotated his body to face her. Finally Batgirl slip both hands down to an end of the staff and swung it like a baseball bat.

Dick caught the staff effortlessly. “Nope.” He said simply. He gripped the staff with both hands and charged towards Stephanie. He forced his end of the staff towards the ground as he moved. Stephanie’s end was yanked up and out of her hands.

As Dick passed behind a dumbstruck Stephanie he swept the bo staff at the back of her knees. Stephanie barely realized she had fallen until she was looking up at one end of the bo staff leveled at her face.

“I mean technically you didn’t hurt yourself. That’s a plus.”

Before Stephanie could formulate a witty reply Bruce barged in. The Batman was almost in full costume, only the cowl was missing.

“Batigirl, we are going to Jump City. Suit up.”

“Jump City? Why?”

“Tim reported a conflict at a bar. Get dressed.”

“Tim’s going to be there? Wait… a conflict. We are going to Jump City to break up a bar fight?”

“The conflict passed before Tim arrived on scene. He thinks something there might be linked to the string of interrogation murders. Get ready.”

“Oh. Yeah, we might want to check that out. Alright just give me a bit.” Of course given how tight the costume is, it took Stephanie more than “a bit” to return in her Bat suit.

“So are we taking the car or the plane?”

“Car.”

“Oh! Can I drive?”

“No.”

“But I will be very care-“

“No.”

“Good luck!” Dick called out as the duo departed from the cave.

*

Tim was handsome. He was roughly on par with Dick. They both had jet black hair, but while Dick’s was longer and a little messy Tim’s hair was shorter and spiked. He had brilliant blue eyes. He wasn’t quite as tall as Dick, but he wasn’t short either. Best of all, he was closer to Stephanie’s age at 19.

His costume was sleek and very reminiscent on his tenure as robin. His costume was mainly red armored chest piece with black sleeves and black spider silk compression pants. A black paramilitary utility belt hung along his waist and a golden harness across his body. His cape was the interesting part. It was more akin to wings, almost, rather than a typical cape.

“Batman, Batgirl. Glad to see you made it.” Tim greeted.

“Of course. Show us the scene.” Batman grunted.

“Hey, Restaurant boy.” Stephanie waived as she strut on by him.

“Nice to see you again, spoiled girl.” He rolled his eyes.

“It’s been a while. Last time we spoke in person you were a bit angry, Timmy.” Stephanie teased.

“He told you my identity and he was training you to be a Batgirl. Do you realize how long it took me to campaign to become his next Robin? I spent years training to be the best, long before Dick ever retired.”

“It only took you one tiny disagreement to throw it away. As soon as I join the ranks, you head out to lead the Titans.” Steph pointed out.

“It doesn’t matter. Shortly after the homunculus took over as Robin.” Tim glared at no one in particular. “For some reason Bruce thinks the assassin is hero material. No talking him out of it. Trust me, I tried.”

“Yeah, the punk is annoying.” Stephanie admitted. “Still, we could have parted on better terms. Last I remember you had a bit of a crush on me.” Stephanie teased. She finger walked up his chest plate.

“Red Robin, Batgirl, get in here!” Bruce demanded. The two “sidekicks” headed in sheepishly. Stephanie was appalled at the rather grotesque scene before her. When she was told they were investigating a conflict at a bar she was expecting stupid drunkards wrestling over some trivial matter; not corpses.

“What’s your deduction?” Bruce asked Tim.

Tim inspected a body lying against a wall near the entrance. “Judging by the look of this Cadaver he was the first to see the attacker. Didn’t get a shot off, though.” He nudged a pistol near the body with his foot. “Judging by the misting on the wall both shots found their target.” Tim concluded.

“The body near the far wall was the second killed. He likely didn’t even realize what was happening before he was shot. Two shots, same as before. By the time he was killed the shooter would have entered the bartender’s line of sight.

“That makes the bartender target number three. It seems he did manage to get a shot off at the attacker based on the bullet holes in the wall across from him… An incomplete set. The target should have been grazed but there isn’t a sign of injury. The assailant must have been wearing armor. Shrugged off the hits and returned fire; two shots to the chest. Judging by the lack of pooling he was dead before the second hit struck.” Tim assessed.

“That just leaves this guy.” Stephanie mumbled as she nudged him with her toe.

“It seems our assailant ran out of ammo at this point. Lashed out with the nearest weapon available, a beer bottle and struck this guy down, then literally kicked him while he was down resulting in a major skull fracture.” Tim commented.

“What about that blood there?” She asked indicating a small collection of blood droplets. “Those don’t seem like they came from this guy.”

“No you are right.” Bruce agreed. “From the looks of it, it’s a defensive wound. It looks like that knife on the floor. From the looks of it, our guy here charged the intruder; the intruder blocked making this a defensive wound. Judging by the blood it was deep, not fatal though. The knife likely made contact with his forearm.”

God I’m out of my depth. Stephanie commented. “You guys keep referring to it as one intruder.”

“There is only evidence of one.” Tim clarified.

“Who can possibly be this good?” Steph asked.

“That’s what we need to find out.”

“The assailant always shot twice.” Stephanie mumbled.

“Yeah?” Tim asked.

“His first shots were always kill shots. He could have only shot once. Instead it was like he didn’t trust in his own ability. He double tapped. He made sure he got his kills.”

“That sounds like something you used to teach me, Bruce.” Tim noted. “You always taught us to never assume victory. To be certain of it.”

“Something like that.” Bruce admitted. “It seems the killer has a similar philosophy.”

“So why was the interrogator here?” Stephanie asked. “He usually tortures people.”

“Someone is missing.” Bruce stated. “Near the back door. There isn’t a body but there is a sign of conflict. It looks like our interrogator kidnapped someone else. Tim, who frequents this bar?”

“I’ve been looking into this place. Some of Penguin’s men have been coming here from time to time. Dick warned me about a North refrigeration factory that recently set up shop nearby. They probably come here after their shift ends.”

“Oracle, pull up North refrigeration work schedule. Cross reference anyone who gets off at nine on Fridays with known Penguin accomplices.” Bruce ordered into his headset.

“It looks like the interrogator is repeating himself. Perhaps you were right about the failed interrogation if he is going after a Penguin thug again so soon.” Bruce acknowledged to Stephanie.

“Peter Mallark, formerly one of Penguin’s closest henchmen before he was incarcerated. He probably still is now that he’s out. Last used a credit card to purchase a few drinks from the bar about the same time your attacker would have come around.” Oracle spoke into all three’s headsets.

“Thank you Oracle. I will bring back blood samples to cross reference with Gotham’s criminal database.”

“I will keep an eye out near here for any suspicious behavior Bruce.” Tim stated dutifully.

“Good. You and the Titans need to watch any abandoned warehouses or other vacant tenements. He may stay in Jump City for his interrogation. Cadavers tend to show up only shortly after the person’s disappearance.”

“You can count on me, Bruce.” Tim said. The third Robin grappled into the air. His body was sent flying over the roof of the building he aimed for and his caped opened up like wings. His body soared gracefully through the night sky.

He was very graceful in his movements. They weren’t as perfect as Dick’s but they were close. Maybe he did spend years training for this. Stephanie observed.

“What do I do?” Stephanie asked.

“You, Nightwing, and I will be monitoring Penguin’s operations indefinitely on rotation. The killer targets higher ups in the gangs food chain. It’s likely he might try and make a meeting with the boss at some point.

“Stake out duty?” Stephanie asked, distraught.

Bruce shook his head.

“Oh.” Stephanie mumbled. This is not going to be fun.

*013*2015-08-13 02:38

{{:

This is so good I'm so eager to read more

}}

{{:

Yeah, it's really a great story.

Looking forward to another chapter!

}}

Thank you. School has started up again though so I don't know when I will find time to write the next piece. That being said it was one of the first ideas I ever had for the story and I am really excited to get to writing it.

*015*2015-08-27 04:58

“Well look who we have here.” Huntress called to Batgirl. “If it isn’t the little bratgirl in need of diapers.”

“What are you doing here, Helena.” Stephanie growled. “And I do not need diapers!”

“Really? Cause, I heard you had a little accident a few nights ago.” Huntress taunted as she hopped onto the roof with Stephanie.

“Who told you that?” Stephanie demanded.

“Birds of prey have a lot to say.” Huntress winked. “In any case I came to recruit you for a little help.”

“I’m a little busy watching over Cobblepots’ operations right now.” Stephanie shrugged at the warehouse below her.

“Yes, and I know how well you do at stake outs. Besides, do you really think anything is going to happen? This inquisitor guy is just going to move on probably. What I need you for is a bit more urgent than the deaths of random thugs.”

“Oh, and what is that?” Stephanie asked skeptically.

“Well it seems that Harley is going on a little spree with Ivy. I was hoping you would accompany me on taking them down.”

“The big bad Huntress needs help?”

“Think of it as a mentorship. You seriously need to know how to handle yourself.”

“I can handle myself fine! Besides I already have a mentor.” Stephanie scowled.

“Oh yes, you are so very good at taking care of yourself… especially your bodily needs.”

“One time! I had a single accident.”

“That’s one more than me.” Huntress winked. “You want me to take you seriously? Then show me what you got.” With that Huntress dove from the building to the street below.

“Dammit.” Stephanie swore as she followed suit.

“I will admit, I like your taste in color.” Huntress nodded to Stephanie’s purple bike before she mounted her own. “Try to keep up.” Helena taunted before racing off. Stephanie quickly followed suit and soon the purple bikers were racing through the Gotham streets.

“So what are Harley and Ivy up to anyways?” Stephanie asked, lagging behind Huntress only a small distance.

“Apparently Stagg industries has been experimenting with a new variant of Venom.”

“Harley and Ivy want to go toe to toe with Bane?”

“Not exactly. Apparently the new drug enhances metahumans powers and might be able to give people powers, rather than muscles. They are calling it Prometheus.”

“Giving power to the people… what does Stagg stand to benefit from it?”

“Probably control. Bane’s venom only lasts a little bit; why would this be different? Hook people on having superpowers at a hefty price and you are sure to have a market.”

“He’s calling it Prometheus. I don’t think I remember that dude ending up too well in the long run.”

“Things like this never do.”

“I think we found Ivy.” Stephanie slowed to a halt. One of Stagg Industries’ many warehouses looked like a warzone. A massive hole breached to the interior, debris and corpses littered the lot. Flames gave light to the destruction. Somewhere within the massive building gun fire and shouting could be heard.

“After you, rookie… unless you need a potty break, of course.” Huntress sneered.

“Just try to keep up.” Stephanie retorted before sneaking inside.

Even more bodies filled the warehouse. Massive trunks and vines of exotic plants lined the walls and sprouted through the concrete floor. Some of the vines even coiled around a few cadavers. Stephanie kept close to the walls as she came closer and closer to the scene of the conflict.

At some point Stephanie had lost track of Huntress. She’s worse than Bruce. Finally she came to the battle zone.

Dozens of armed guards opened fire on the two villainesses. Harley returned fire with a rather make-shift looking assault rifle and Harley relied on her more heavily armored plants to protect her. Even so, she still looked incredibly hesitant to do so. Harley ducked and weaved back and force, eliminating the opposition with relative ease.

The harlequin was dressed in a black and red top that bore a significant amount of her midriff and could almost be considered a sports bra. She also donned a pair of black and red leggings with diamond patterns on the front of both her thighs. Most of her lower leg was covered by a mismatched pair of red and black boots that almost resembled more stylish combat boots. Harley’s face was painted white and bore a black domino mask. Her blonde hair was done up in pigtails with the roots of one side dyed black and the other dyed red.

Ivy was much less conservative. Her “clothing” consisted of a cluster of leaves that mimicked bra and panties and a garter of leaves around her right thigh and a wrapping of leaves along her left arm. Her candy apple red hair fell freely in semi curls. That was the entirety of her costume.

Stephanie was frozen in the heat of the battle. Her legs trembled as she watched the two villainesses eliminate the forces. Suddenly Huntress appeared.

“What’s she doing here?” Harley asked Ivy.

“Evening the odds.” Huntress replied back. Crossbow bolts filled the air, Harley was only just able to dodge them.

“And I thought my gimmick was a bit medieval. Is that thing even practical?” Harley asked. Her answer was given in the form of a bolt embedding itself into the barrel of her gun. Harley screamed as her gun exploded in her hands.

“A little help, Red?” Harley asked as she ran to avoid further fire.

“Must I do everything?” Ivy asked. A large root formed a makeshift cover for Harley. Huntresses bolts bounced off harmlessly. While Ivy continued focus attack on the remaining guards a stray vine slithered to Harley, carrying her trusty mallet.

“Yahtzee!” Harley cried. She snatched the hammer and vaulted from behind her cover. She ran serpentine patterns towards Huntress.

Huntress predicted Harley’s pattern and fired a bolt only to have Harley whack it out of the air with her mallet. “I’m not that easy to get rid of!” Harley swung her mallet upwards and struck the crossbow out of Huntress’s grasp.

“Is that massive thing really practical?” Huntress asked as she took the massive opening to roundhouse kick Harley in the chest. The girl jester stumbled backwards.

“Short answer? No. It is fun though.” Harley spun with her mallet outstretched. “Wheeeeeeee!” The spinning mallet managed to catch Huntress in the side.

Stephanie finally broke from her daze and moved to help. Before she took two steps she found herself yanked back against the wall by Ivy’s vines.

“Did you really think I didn’t know you were here? My babies keep me well informed.” The red head taunted. She slowly strutted over to the batgirl. “Now what should I do with you?” Ivy tilted her head.

“You could let me go.” Stephanie stated.

“Or…” Ivy smirked. The villainess moved to reveal a large bulb like plant with green slime dripping from the opening. “This plant’s bulb contains acids that can completely dissolve a human so that it may feast upon the nutrients. I think it’s hungry.” The stalk of the plant slowly slithered towards Stephanie.

“You filthy humans never see the plants as anything more than food. Let’s see how they feel about you.”

Stephanie began to tremble and struggle against her restraints only for the vines to produce thorns. “Let me go!” Stephanie cried.

“I don’t think so.” Ivy laughed. “I have bigger things to worr- Harley?!” While Ivy and Stephanie had been talking Huntress and Harley had disappeared elsewhere. “What did your belligerent friend do to Harley?” Ivy demanded.

“I-I don’t know.” Stephanie mumbled.

“Fine! I will just have to take the drug and find her on my own.” A large root carried Ivy out the exit of the warehouse and a series of vines transported barrels of the drug after her.

The man eating plant still stalked closer to Stephanie. The blonde batgirl could only whimper at its approach. Warmth spread across her crotch and butt as pee soaked her panties beneath the Batsuit. Hot streams slithered down Stephanie’s legs much in the same way the killer plant slithered towards her. The legs of her suit were quickly saturated and golden streams spilled out onto the floor beneath her.

Before long a puddle collected under Stephanie. Still hot pee cascaded down her legs. The liquid splattered to the ground. Pee collected in the bottom of her boots. By the time her stream began to die out she was completely drenched.

Stephanie didn’t care. She was terrified. In a few moments she would be plant food. She struggled against her restraints.

Glass shattered above and Batman dropped next to the plant. A well thrown batarang and the plant severed from its stalk. A freeze grenade and the acid was contained. Bruce glared at Stephanie as he approached.

“You left your post.”

“Huntress needed my help.”

“I see you were a great help. Cobblepots was kidnapped. You failed.”

“I’m sorry Bruce.” Stephanie pleaded.

“You are off the case.” He said, before finally cutting her down.

This chapter is my favorite more because of the consequences than what actually happens. Still I was glad to be able to include Ivy and Harley as well as Huntress. That exchange between Huntress and Batgirl was always planned before I even wrote the first chapter.

*018*2015-08-30 06:57

{{:

That was so good I'm eager to read more

}}

It will be about a month before this gets updated again. I will post other things in the meantime.

{{:

Could have had four accidents but only had one ;_; And poison ivy accidents ;____;

Otherwise good chapter. Linkx and Infi and hooked on Batwoman at this point, and I think you're at least partially responsible for that, so you're doing a great job.

}}

I've played around with the idea of making some of these characters have accidents too, but at the moment it's more or less just an issue with Supergirl and Batgirl. That being said Ivy and Harley will make more appearances soon, so who knows;)

*020*2015-10-25 08:54

Give the month, this update is somewhat halloween based. This is another one of the main ideas I had for this story when I first thought of it. It is in the perspective of Barbara and there is briefly a mention of messing. Hope you enjoy.

Paranoia gripped Barbara, turning her legs to jell-o. Her heart hammered in her chest, her body jumped at every sound. She knew that if she had just stopped to assess the situation she would be fine. Instead she rushed out to respond to the emergency at Gotham University before she could talk herself out of it. Her first time back in the Batsuit since…

Barbara tensed at the sound of scuttling. “W-who is there?” She called out. Her eyes scanned the smoky air. Scarecrow’s fear toxin permeated the halls of the college. The yellow gas impeded her vision and suffocated her with fear. The airborne toxin couldn’t induce hallucinations but it infected subjects with deep, debilitating fear.

“Feeear itssssself.” A ghostly voice hissed within the veil of gas.

Barbara slowly rotated her body, searching for Crane. Her eyes flit back and forth. Her movements were stiff and awkward, driven by fear. She tried to control her breaths, but they only came out in rapid and shallow gasps. Quite infuriatingly, her bladder began to tug at her, the need became more and more apparent with her fear.

“C-come out, C-crane.” Barbara’s shaky voice called out.

“As you wish!” Crane shrilly screamed. Scarecrow drove his needled gloves into Barbara’s back. The ghoulish villain took advantage of her fear and withdrew into the fog before she could react meaningfully.

Barbara lashed out too late, Crane was gone. Her heart rate had spiked at his attack, and on its decline she became aware of a warm wetness around her crotch. She had leaked in fear. Normally the original Batgirl would have cursed herself (who was she? Stephanie?) but the fear took priority over embarrassment.

Barbara jumped again at the sound of Crane’s cry somewhere else. Sounds of some sort of scuffle followed before silence fell again. “W-who’s there? Batman?” She called out. Footsteps approached.

“Not quite. Ha ha ha ha!” A maniacly laugh turned Barbara’s blood icy cold. Before the terrified Batgirl was a pale white figure wearing THE batsuit. Bruce’s suit was clearly too large for the Joker and sagged over his thin frame. Blood saturated the suit. In the Joker’s right hand was a large Chef’s knife, dripping with blood.

Hot pee gushed down Barbara’s legs. Her knees buckled. Golden streams sprayed the ground beneath her. Her entire body trembled. Rivulets of liquid fear cascaded down her legs. Her legs finally gave out and she fell into a golden puddle. For a moment she could only stare on as her greatest fear strut over to her, whistling as he did so. Her forceful stream of pee finally tapered off.

Barbara began to crawl backwards only to smack into a wall. Helpless, she raised her arms above her head. “Please no!” She screamed. The Joker raised his knife above his head and brought it down in her abdomen. As the blade penetrated her stomach her bowels exploded into her pants.

Barbara shut her eyes tight. Moments passed uneventfully. “Am I dead?” Barbara asked aloud. The fear was gone.

“Uh… you might wish you were.” Stephanie pinched her nose. “I think you pooped yourself.”

“W-what? Stephanie? What are you doing, what happened?”

“My best guess is Scarecrow drugged you and… I saved your butt. Well not entirely. Still, you’re welcome. Now come on, let’s go.”

*

“Thank you.” Barbara said, emerging from the bathroom into her living room. The red head was only clad in a lime green towel. Stephanie sat across from her, still in uniform.

“No problem. I’ve been there… sorta.” Stephanie shrugged.

“You’ve never fought Crane.” Barbara raised a confused eyebrow.

“Well no, but the situation with Ivy and Harley… Alfred did a tox- uh something with my blood and discovered I had been infected with Crane’s fear gas. I don’t know how, but yeah. It sucks. This time I was prepared and kick that creeps butt!”

“Thankfully.” Barbara muttered.

“Yeah. Bruce still cut me from the interrogator case though.” Stephanie frowned. “Another Penguin thug got kidnapped and Harley got away I guess.”

“Hey, we all make mistakes. And… since when do you listen to authority.”

“Rarely.” Stephanie admitted sheepishly.

“I still remember when you hit Bruce after your first mission.” Barbara laughed.

“He was going to commend me and I thought he was going to chew me out for something. He uses the same voice.” Stephanie pouted.

“Hey, I thought it was awesome. I love Bruce, but I’d be lying if I say I’ve never wanted to punch him in the face before.” Barbara laughed.

“Heh, well thanks.” Stephanie laughed. “If you thought it was awesome though, why didn’t you get along with me?”

“Honestly? It has more to do with the Batgirl mantle than you. When I got my legs back I immediately returned to crime fighting. But when The Joker attacked me again I hung it up. I was scared and honestly I doubted myself. Ultimately I told myself that I did better as Oracle and I only wanted to be Batgirl to prove to myself that I could do it again. When you took it up, after Bruce fired you, I thought you were just trying to prove something too. I was wrong.”

“So… are we cool now, then?”

“Yeah. We are cool.” Barbara laughed.

I know it is a bit short, I'm sorry. Linkx is going to write the next part after he takes care of a few things first. Until then this might take a bit before the next update. Hope you can wait.

