Soccer Match

Author: New Era

*000*2014-08-09 18:21

This is my first story here. It's a female pee desperation story. I won't reveal the ending (wetting/no wetting). The story is non-sexual in nature, and I'd really appreciate it if you do NOT reply with sexual comments (like: that made me really horny) in this topic. Other replies are welcome. There is no under-age in this story.

Here she goes: :)

Soccer Match

I'm Jessica and this is a story about a date I had. I had only met him three times before. He knew I was a soccer fan, so he invited me to a game with my team. If you want to know what I look like: athlethic body type, blonde hair.

I normally don't drink that much because the lines for the ladies are always too long, but today he offered me something to drink before the match and more to drink at half time.

At the end of the match I hadn't been to the bathroom for 3 hours and had drunk about 1 liter during this time. I could feel my bladder had expanded in my abdomen. My need to piss was pretty intense and I was getting fidgety. I thought about the ladies, but we quickly walked past them as I saw the lines. Getting home would probably be quicker. My bladder could still expand more.

The buses would be full and crowded, so we decided to walk to my place in the sunshine. We held hands and didn't walk all that fast. I still needed to piss bad, but I didn't want to ruin the moment by admitting I needed to pee.

15 minutes in my date took me to a bench by the river. Keeping my urine in without fidgeting was impossible now that I wasn't moving. Also my bladder was starting to hurt.

“Are you ok?” he said and looked at my fidgeting. I forced myself to keep still.

“I'm fine, I just need the bathroom,” I said.

“Should we keep going back to your place?” he asked and I agreed.

We still kept holding hands and walking at snail speed, though. I enjoyed every bit of it, except for my intense urge to relieve myself and the increasing pain in my bladder.

After 10 more minutes of walking I no longer enjoyed it, as my need to piss took up all of my concentration. All I could think about was clenching myself shut with every step.

“Could we walk a little faster?” I asked.

“Sure, you really need to go, don't you?”

“Yes, I do,” I giggled.

We sped up - somewhat. 5 minutes later we reached my doorstep. My bladder had stretched to near it's limits and gave me a constant dull ache, and a sharp painful urge at every step. I needed to pee wicked bad and had to put up a fight to flat out not piss my jeans right there, at the same time, not struggling way too openly. Although it was very visible to him that I was fidgety.

“If you can't wait, you can just pee in the garden,” he joked.

“I can wait, It's not that urgent,” I said.

“Do you mind if we make out before you go to the toilet?” he asked, half-jokingly.

“I need to pee first, “ I said.

“You told me it wasn't that urgent and that you could wait,” he smiled.

“I need to pee first,” I repeated and walked to the bathroom.

Alone, I stepped heavily from foot to foot and kneaded my crotch. I think my holding muscles habitually started to relax now that I was in the bathroom. I was shocked that I felt at verge of wetting myself uncontrollably. That mustn't happen, I didn't have any spare jeans in my bathroom!

I squeezed my thighs together and took my hands away to open my belt. Then I unbuttoned my jeans. I tried to pull down my jeans and panties at the same time.

Rats, I didn't catch my panties. At that point I just wanted to scream the pressure was so intense, my bladder was so swollen, I was totally dizzy from trying to command my urethra to behave like an adult so I resigned. I dropped my bum onto the toilet with my pink panties still on, and ceased my frantic attempt to control my holding muscles. I heard a hiss and knew my bladder was emptying.

The warm piss streamed through my pink panties. Then I felt the whole area get warm and wet, my panties weren't letting enough pee through. It took several seconds before the intense urge and pain started to subside. I think I peed for a minute.

I threw my soaked panties in the laundry.

*003*2014-08-18 13:09

Thanks for your comments. :)

You're right, I don't like to reveal the ending to keep up the suspense. I think only faked accidents and wetting on purpose should be revealed, as that makes it a different type of story.

I forgot to add, to anyone reading this, don't repost this story on other sites. People can already read it here. :)

