Afternoon in the Chokee- A Matilda Fanfic - Page 3

Author: SashaButters

*052*2022-01-04 15:08

Spoiler

Matilda nearly gagged at the horrible, bitter syrup she had just swallowed. She pursed her lips and grimaced, before handing back the little plastic measuring cup. She wasn’t sure what was worse, the consistency or the fake cherry flavor that followed.

“That should help you feel a bit better.” Hortensia’s mom said, putting the bottle of children’s Tylenol on a nearby shelf. Matilda sucked down water from the cup sitting next to her by the couch. The Pepto Bismal she had been given an hour ago hadn’t been nearly as bad, and the effects had been near miraculous. Despite her stomach no longer tossing about, she still had the distinct feeling of having recently been trampled. Her body ached, and the fever refused to break on its own.

Matilda laid back down on the couch, wrapped in a blanket and wearing nothing but a large Spice Girls T-shirt and diaper that went up nearly to her belly button. True to her word, Hortensia’s mom had let her out of it to use the toilet, but found herself pinned right back into it with a bobby pin as soon as she was done. She tried to ask for regular panties now that things had calmed down, but Hortensia’s mom seemed to have no intention of setting her free.

Hortensia herself sat on the floor cross-legged, a bag of her favorite potato chips open on the coffee table, and unfinished homework assignments in a pile. Matilda recognized the text book she was working out of as Year 5 arithmetic, the same one she had skimmed through last week, before Miss Honey had found her something a little more complicated. Matilda watched her for a minute. Her face seemed to cycle through concentration, confusion, and finally frustration. How she could even see any of the problems underneath all the crumbs was a mystery.

“Why aren’t you in school?” Matilda asked, her curiosity finally winning out in the end.

“I got suspended for the week.” Hortensia groaned.

“Beats being put in the Chokey.” Matilda said. Hortensia shot her a panicked look and quickly put her finger to her lips. “What?”

“You’ll get me in more trouble with Ma. She thinks I made that up, if she hears you talking about it, I won’t be able to sit for the rest of the night. She’ll just think I told you that to scare you.”

Matilda scrunched up her face. “Your parents don’t believe you?”

“Would yours?” she said, disbelieving. Matilda thought back to the time her own father had called her a liar after she told them about Bruce and the chocolate cake fiasco. Then again, Harry Wormwood had often called her a liar, among other things.

“Can I ask you something, uh, weird?” Matilda asked after a moment of silence. Hortensia put down her pencil and eyed her.

“If you answer mine.” Matilda gulped, but nodded and wrapped the blanket around herself tighter. She knew what was coming and had been dreading this conversation.

“I know what I saw. You can deny it all you want, but I saw the remote just…” Matilda looked away. “What are you so worried about? That I’d tell? Who’d believe me? Watch. HEY MA!” Matilda felt the blood drain from her face. She stared at Hortensia, absolutely panic-stricken, pleading with her eyes to stop.

“What?” came the reply as her mom strode in. Matilda’s heart began to beat rapidly inside her chest.

“Matilda can move objects with her mind. I saw it.” Hortensia said. Why? Why would she do that to her? Matilda imagined herself getting carted off and studied. She couldn’t meet anyone's gaze as panic set in. Her stomach gurgled in protest from the stress, and before she could react, felt liquid fill the front and back of her diaper.

“I thought I told you to stop making up stories! What have you been doing all this time? Why am I not seeing any progress with your homework?” The woman went on, chastising her daughter. Hortensia shot Matilda a look as if to say, “See what I mean?”

It took a while for Matilda to relax, her body didn’t seem to be in the mood to handle any kind of adrenaline rushes. Part of her was livid, but the other part of her seemed to understand. It was something she had to see to believe.

“I better see that pile of work done by the time I get home tonight!” Her mom finished. “This is NOT a vacation.”

“Yes, Ma.” Hortensia mumbled, swiping away the crumbs off the textbook.

Suddenly the anger was wiped from her face nearly as fast as it had come. She stared at Matilda, who felt herself sink into the couch.

“Hun, how are you feeling?”

“Uh- the s-same.” Matilda said, looking away. She could see the woman sniffing from the corner of her eye and felt heat creep to her face.

“Did you have an accident?” She said in a somewhat lower voice, but not nearly low enough for Hortensia not to hear. She froze in place, unsure how to answer that. She had been waiting for the woman to leave the room, so she could rush off to the bathroom, throw away the evidence and say it had ripped trying to get it off.

“N-no,” Matilda lied, before grimacing, her voice rising a few octaves higher than normal “I mean, I don’t think so, I’ll j-just go and-”

“No need.” Hortensia’s mom said before pulling the blanket off her and making the smell more apparent. “C’mon, let’s get you cleaned up before I have to leave for work.”

“N-no! I’ll do it myself.” Matilda insisted. “I-I have to go again anyway, so I’ll-” but before she could finish her sentence, Hortensia’s mom cut her off.

“No, I don’t want you making a mess. I have to leave soon, It’ll be easier if I do it.”

“But,” Matilda tried to protest. “That’s gross!”

“So is sitting in a messy diaper and not saying anything. C’mon.” She pulled Matilda up by the arm to a standing position. “If you still need to go, you can finish now before I change you.”

Matilda was horrified. Her face was beginning to burn from the shame and embarrassment. Tears prickled her eyes. She looked at Hortensia for help, but she just shrugged.

“She works at the old folk's home; she’s used to worse.” Hortensia explained as if that would make her feel better.

“Y-you said I could use the bathroom!” Matilda insisted, backing away.

“Yes, but now you're covered in poop, and I don’t have time to clean up after you if I let you take it off. Now let’s go. I’m not going to ask you again.” Hortensia’s mom came up behind her and gave her a somewhat firm push on her back to get her moving towards the bedroom. Matilda was crying now as she walked towards the bedroom, still fighting with her stomach.

“I don’t want to go in the diaper!”

“I know, but we all have to do things we don’t want to.” The woman said in an annoyed voice.

Matilda could feel the anger begin to well in her. If she made a mess, she’d just clean it up herself! She’d been taking care of herself for most of her life! Why was this woman treating her like such a child? If only Matilda was older! She wouldn’t treat her like this if she was Hortensia’s age.

“Up on the bed.” She patted the changing mat from before. Matilda gritted her teeth, but reluctantly climbed up and laid on her side. “Have you finished?” Her clenched fists and wiggling gave her away. She felt a hand push her onto her back.

“What are you doi- NO!” Matilda nearly shouted in horror. The older woman had clasped Matilda’s legs in her hands and began bicycling them up and down. Matilda knew what she was trying to make her do! She had seen this exercise in a book. It was for making constipated babies poop. “Please stop!”

“This will help dislodge anything stuck and release any trapped gas.” Matilda whimpered, feeling herself lose control with every other pump of her legs. “Don’t fight it, relax and let it all come out on its own.” She pushed Matilda’s legs in towards her body before pulling them out one final time. She laid on her back, breathless and horrified, after a single loud squelching sound announced that the exercise had done its job. Her body shook with sobs as the diaper was unpinned.

This was wrong! This was all so wrong! She felt degraded as her legs were lifted in the air and a wet wipe had begun to clean.

“You’re going to make yourself sick to your stomach if you keep crying like that.” Matilda glared at her as a fresh diaper was slid underneath. It was taking all her will power not to lose control of her temper. She didn’t want to cause a different kind of accident. One that involved things shooting around the room instead of shooting out of her. She needed to control herself, or she really would pull a “Carrie.”

Ugh, she wished she had listened to Miss Honey and put the book back. The thought of accidentally hurting someone had never crossed her mind until she had read that book!

Once a fresh diaper had been taped up, Matilda tried to sit up, but Hortensia’s mom stopped her.

“I think it’s better if you stayed here. I can tell you’re getting cranky. I think a nap will do you some good.” Matilda wanted to retort, but the woman turned and left. Hortensia was leaning in the doorway watching her.

Matilda could start to taste blood in her mouth. She had been biting down on her tongue so hard she had begun to make it bleed. Did she just… did she just get put down for a nap?

Yes, she felt sick. Yes, she was tired. Yes, she wanted to throw something!

“You see what I put up with?” Hortensia mumbled, before coming in and closing the door behind her.

Matilda looked around the room and saw a stuffed animal sitting on the floor. She stretched her hand out and made the toy rise into the air before launching it across the room. She did this a few more times, knowing full well Hortensia was watching her in awe.

“How long have you been able to do that?” Hortensia asked once Matilda had calmed down.

“I don’t know, a month, I guess. I got furious at my dad for ripping up a library book and forcing me to watch tv. So I sort of just… blew it up.”

Hortensia gawked at her. “You just, sort of, blew it… up?” She repeated, making it sound more like a question. “Your parents made you watch the television, instead of read, so you blew up the tv…”

“Not on purpose!” Matilda threw in. “It just sort of happened and-”

“Your parents made you watch television instead of read.” Hortensia said, a blissful, dreamy look across her face. Matilda rolled her eyes and launched the stuffed dog at her. “Can we trade parents? Please?” Matilda was about to readily agree. She could have the Wormwords and all the television she could ever want, but a sad realization crossed through her mind at the last second. Yes, their home lives were different, but in the end, they were just two kids whose thoughts, feelings, and concerns fell on deaf ears. No wonder Hortensia acted out so much.

“What about your dad?” Matilda asked. Hortensia shrugged.

“Not around much. Long haul trucker. What did you want to ask me earlier?”

Matilda bit her lip. It wasn’t really something she felt comfortable coming out and asking, so instead she tried to nonchalantly stear the topic there. “How many times have you been in the Chokey?”

Hortensia puffed out her chest with pride. “Six.”

Now it was Matilda’s turn to gawk. “Six?” She shuddered.

“Two times, she even left me in there all day!”

“I’ve only been in there once; that was enough for me.”

“You?” Hortensia scoffed. “What in the word did a squirt like you do to piss her off?”

“She thought I was stealing books from her office.” Hortensia scrunched up her face.

“I’ve snooped through her office plenty of times, the only books she has in there are old textbooks, and who’d take those?”

“Miss Honey.” Matilda admitted. “She thought I wasn’t placed in the right year when I started school here, but when she tried to have me promoted, the Trunchbull said ‘no’”. So she gave them to me to work out of during class.”

Hortensia looked as horrified as if Matilda had suggested it was Miss Honey herself who had thrown her in the Chokey. “She gives you extra work?”

“Not extra, just different. Sort of like independent study, I suppose.”

“Independent study? You mean you don’t have to follow along with the class?”

“When the Trunchbull is there, I do, and,” Matilda slipped into a conspiratorial whisper, “sometime’s I give Lavender the answer when she’s called on and doesn’t know.”

“How in the bloody hell did you manage that sweet deal? What I wouldn’t give to not get smacked every time I got caught not paying attention.” Hortensia sighed. Then, as if realization dawned on her, she narrowed her eyes and took in Matilda. “You know, now that you mention it, you don’t talk like any of the other squirts and scum.”

“What do you mean?” Matilda didn’t think she sounded any different from any of the other kids in her class.

“I noticed it earlier, too. You said you were, ‘furious’ not ‘mad’ ‘angry’ ‘pissed’, but ‘furious’.”

“Of course, I was livid! He tore up a library book!” Matilda exclaimed, before adding, “I think you’re the only one who says things like ‘pissed’.”

“How many five-year-olds use words like ‘furious’ and’ livid’?” Hortensia said.

“Oh,” Matilda said. “I thought you were referring to an accent, not my vocabulary.”

Hortensia rolled her eyes. “Now you’re just showing off.” Matilda frowned. She wasn’t trying to sound superior. She’d like few things more than to simply blend in, as long as it meant she could keep reading instead of watching the telly of course. She knew Hortensia wasn’t being serious about her showing off, so she figured she could have a little fun.

“Preadolescent homosapien, are you proposing I would flaunt my intellectual prowess for mere jovial amusement?” On any other day she knew could have come up with something better and far wittier, but today had been especially dreadful, and her brain felt like jelly. Hortensia furrowed her eye brows.

“Did you just call me a homo? I ain’t no homo, twerp. Do I look homeless to you?” Hortensia replied with a scowl. Matilda merely blinked.

“Uh, right.” Matilda said. For the first time, her mind had drawn a blank. She had no way to respond to that. There was so much wrong with that statement, she didn’t know where to start.

“I’m surprised you know what a homo is, though! It’s a shame Trunchbull wouldn’t put you in with the 2nd years. You’re like one of those genies. ”

Right, Matilda thought to herself, second year. And wait? Genie?

“You mean genius? Because last time I checked, I can’t grant wishes.”

“Yeah, that.” Hortensia said. “Besides, you have magical powers, maybe I did mean genie. Have you ever tried to grant a wish?” Hortensia said.

“I’m not a genius,” Matilda said matter-of-factly. “And no, can’t say I’ve ever tried to grant wishes.” She said with mild bemusement. She made a show of scrunching up her face in concentration, before lifting her shirt. “Nope, can’t grant wishes. I’m still in a diaper.”

“Well, genies can’t grant their own wishes, obviously.”

They went back and forth, blurting out what they’d wish for if they ever found a genie, each wish becoming more and more outlandish and silly.

“…a pool of chocolate pudding.”

“. . . A refrigerator that dispensed chocolate milk instead of water.”

“Bags of chips that weren’t half air!”

“I think,” Matilda said after a pause, growing serious. “I’d wish I was an adult, so people would listen. It’s awful being small.”

“No, don’t wish that! You can get away with so much more when you’re small! People still think you’re cute. Every year gets worse! You have Miss Honey as a teacher; You’ve still got it good, unless, of course, you cross Miss Trunchbull. She hates small children especially. Always manages to send one or two to the hospital every year. What’s worse, there was a kid in my form called Billy Reyes. Three years ago, I think, he went missing and no one’s ever seen him since.”

“What happened?” Matilda asked.

“They said he went missing walking home, but you know what I think?” Hortensia dropped her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “I think the Trunchbull, you know…” she dragged her thumb across her neck for emphasis. “He’s not the only one, either. I know there’s been kids that have gone missing since before I went there.”

Matilda shivered. She remembered what Hortensia had said before. What do you think would have happened if Amanda Thripp hadn’t cleared that fence? She shuddered again. She was horrified that she found the idea of the Trunchbull murdering children so… so….plausible.

No! No sane person would ever entertain the idea. It was impossible! Outlandish! Absolutely bonkers! Yet, if someone told her their teacher spun a girl around by the hair and hammer threw her off school property just for wearing pigtails… Honestly, she wouldn’t have believed it if she hadn’t witnessed it herself.

“Hortensia, don’t you think, maybe, it would be a good idea to stop provoking her? I- I’m rather fond of you, and I’d hate to see you get injured.” Hortensia looked as if Matilda had suggested she stop eating potato chips and take up grazing on kale.

“You’re just a shrimp; you wouldn’t understand. It’s not just for laughs.”

“Then why? You could get seriously hurt if you make her mad enough.”

“Look around, squirt. Kids are already getting hurt. You know what the adults do about it? Not a damn thing! They’re cowards. Every. Single. One. Of. Them. You know why all the parents call us liars? Because it’s easier than entertaining the possibility that our principal is a deranged psychopath. Even if all I can do is pour honey on her chair, and itching powder in her shorts, at least I feel like I’m doing something.”

Matilda gazed up at her with a new-found respect. She wasn’t a troublemaker. She was a brave and courageous crusader, leading the charge against a formidable adversary despite near impossible odds. In Matilda’s eyes, she was a hero.

…….

It was nearly dark by the time Miss Honey had come to collect Matilda, who had been pacing worriedly in the living room. School let out at three, and here it was nearly six. Relief flooded her when she finally heard a knock. Hortensia answered the door and let a very frazzled and exhausted looking Miss Honey inside.

“Jenny!” Matilda yelled, nearly bowling her over in a near bone crushing hug. “I was so worried!”

“I’m so sorry, Matilda!” Miss Honey said, wrapping her in an equally tight embrace.

“Careful, Miss Honey,” Hortensia warned. “If you squeeze her, she’ll, uh, blow.” Matilda ignored her.

“How are you feeling, dear?” Miss Honey asked, looking Matilda over. “You look better. Do you think it’s all out of your system?”

“And all over me and my front yard!” Hortensia threw in. Matilda shot her a dirty look.

“Did something happen?” Miss Honey asked.

Hortensia grinned as Matilda shook her head with near bug eyes. “Made a bit of a mess when she first got here, is all. Ma had to rinse her, and anything within a six-foot radius of her, down with the hose. You’re lucky you missed it.”

Matilda felt an arm pull her closer. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t be there for you.” She wanted to ask why she was so late, but it didn’t matter. She was here now. The adrenaline that filled her moments before was quickly crashing. She let out a yawn and stretched her arms over her head. The T-shirt she was wearing rode up, and Miss Honey asked, “Why are you wearing a diaper?” Matilda blushed and buried her face into Miss Honey’s dress.

“Oh, Ma made her. Matilda was like a fire breathing dragon, but instead of her mouth, it was her arse, and instead of fire, it was sh-”.

“Thank you, Hortensia, I understand.” Miss Honey said, cutting her off. “I hate to ask this after everything, but I don’t think I should take her to school tomorrow. Would you mind terribly if she stayed here with you?”

Hortensia shrugged. “Sure, she’s alright, for a shrimp.” Hortensia handed her a bag. “Ma wanted me to give you this. It’s got medicine and extra, you know, in case Mount Matilda erupts again.”

“Thank you, hopefully we won’t need them.” Miss Honey said, bending down and picking up the exhausted five-year-old and letting her rest her head on her shoulder. Matilda wrapped her arms around Miss Honey, and when the woman turned and began to walk out the door, Matilda locked eyes with Hortensia, and smiled mischievously. It was payback time. While Miss Honey was walking away, Matilda narrowed her eyes and made a slashing motion with a finger. Hortensia’s pants crumpled to a ball by her ankles.

…

“Is there anything else I can do to help you feel more comfortable?” Miss Honey asked. Matilda bit her lip. “What? What is it?”

“Would you read to me, Jenny?” Matilda asked from her side of the bed. Usually, it was Matilda who read out loud before they went to sleep. “I’ve never had a bedtime story before.”

“Of course! What would you like me to read?”

“Anything is fine; I just want to hear you read.” Matilda admitted. Miss Honey grabbed the nearest book, and joined Matilda in bed. Matilda stared at her with longing. What she really wanted was to cuddle up with her, but she didn’t want to risk getting her sick, although she supposed, it was probably too late for that. Despite remaining quiet, Miss Honey seemed to sense it. She lifted the blanket.

“Come here.” She held her arms out. Matilda waited a second, before throwing caution to the wind. She eagerly scooted over and let Jenny wrap her in a warm embrace. Matilda sighed contentedly as Miss Honey stroked her hair and face. They both quickly forgot about the book. “Matilda, could I ask you something?” Jennifer said.

“Hmm?” came the mumbled response.

“Why do you call me Jenny?” She felt Matilda slightly stiffen in her arms. “I’m sorry, silly me. You’re unwell, you must not be up for this kind of conversation.”

“Do you not want me to call you that? Would you prefer something else?” Matilda knew it wasn’t very polite to call adults by their first names, but she had thought they were more than just child and adult to each other. She frowned. Miss Honey herself had said she could as long as it wasn’t at school.

“No, it’s nothing like that, it’s just, I would very much like it if you saw me as your mother. You had even started to call me ‘mom’ but then you suddenly just stopped and went back to Jenny.” She could feel Matilda stiffen again, and she stayed silent for a long time.

“I tried but, to be honest, I just don’t see you like that.”

Jennifer felt her heart crash to her stomach. “O-oh..” she tried to sound normal, but her voice caught. “T-that’s…” Her eyes began burning with tears of hurt and disappointment. Matilda suddenly bolted up when she heard her breath begin to hitch.

“That’s not what I meant! Oh god!” Matilda said, looking at Jennifer's red and puffy eyes with horror.

“I-t’s fine! Y-you don’t have to explain.” Miss Honey said, cursing the tears that had begun to fall. Pull yourself together, you pathetic miserable woman! You are supposed to be here for her! It is not a five-year-old's job to coddle you!

“My brain just really isn’t working today!” Matilda sighed. “I don’t call you mom, because I think it would be insulting to you.”

“I don’t understand.”

“When I think of the word, ‘mom’ it doesn’t make me feel good. I still think of her. I think of the words selfish, horrible, shallow, unkind. I think of all the times she called me stupid, annoying, a wart. I think of cans of soup left on a burner, and loneliness. I even remember when I was a baby!”

Miss Honey was about to say, “no one remembers their time as a baby”, but she stopped before she opened her mouth. This was Matilda, and with her extraordinary mind, it was very well possible she could. So she stayed silent and let her continue.

“She’d put me in a bouncer or high chair and leave me there for hours! I’d be left in the same disgusting diaper all day long. I remember the rashes! The pain! And they had the nerve to yell and whine at me for making a mess or crying. I toilet trained myself at one just to make it all stop!”

Now it was Matilda’s turn to start crying. “You’re none of those things, Jenny, and I know you’d never do anything like that to me or anyone. You’re the kindest, warmest, and most caring person I’ve ever met. You make me feel safe, and loved, and everything I spent hours wishing for!” Matilda held Miss Honey’s face in her tiny hands. “You’re so much more to me than that; You’re like my fairy god mother who came and rescued me and made everything better! How could I compare something so dirty and horrible to something so pure and wonderful as you?”

“Oh Matilda!” Miss Honey choked out. She pulled Matilda into a tight embrace, and whispered in her ear. “You’re everything I’ve always wished for, too! I love you so much! You rescued me, darling, not the other way around.” They held each other long into the night, neither wanting to be the reason they broke apart.

Jenny was perfectly fine, Miss Honey thought to herself. It wasn’t the word that mattered, but the feelings behind them. Now that she understood Matilda’s train of thought, her heart felt lighter and more at ease than it ever had. Was this what love felt like? As she gazed at the young girl splayed out over her chest, she smiled and made a silent vow. Jennifer would replace that painful past of Matilda’s and fill her mind instead with loving, and fun memories they would both cherish forever. For her daughter, she would do anything. And maybe one day, that word that filled her with so much pain would one day be full of thoughts of the love they had for each other instead. Matilda would know when the time was right, Jennifer wasn’t going to bring it up again. Yes, she thought as she closed her eyes. Jenny was perfectly fine.

…

When the morning came, Matilda yawned and stretched, before slowly cracking open her eyes. She found Miss Honey propped up on an elbow watching her with a large dopey smile Matilda had never seen before.

“What?” Matilda asked with a self-conscious grin.

“You just look so adorable like that.”

Matilda sat up, letting the covers fall off her. Some time in the night, she must have taken off her shirt, leaving her only in the dry diaper from the night before. She had been too tired to change when they had gotten home, opting instead to go straight to bed.

“It’s more comfy without a shirt.” Matilda said, shrugging before laying back down. “You should try it.”

Miss Honey laughed. “I think I’ll just let you enjoy it.”

Matilda frowned. “How come? You wear such uncomfortable looking gowns to bed.”

“Uh, well, to be honest, I don’t like being undressed. It makes me uncomfortable.” Miss Honey said.

“Really? Why?” Matilda asked, moving her arms about. “I feel so free.”

Miss Honey smiled, her eyes full of sadness. She was going to end the conversation with a “I just don’t,” or, “It would be inappropriate,” but decided against it. Matilda had been so open with her about her past last night, even though it was difficult. She sat back down on the edge of the bed, took a deep breath and said, “Much like you, I did not have a happy childhood. If saying and thinking about the word, ‘mom’ is what sets you back, then small enclosed spaces and being undressed are mine.”

Matilda nodded her head solemnly. “I understand.”

“I wish you didn’t.” Jennifer said.

Matilda watched her pick out her clothes for the day before heading into the bathroom. Matilda sighed and closed her eyes, thinking about last night. She loved cuddling up with Jenny, but her night shirts were so uncomfortable. She had almost asked her to take it off, but now she was glad she didn’t. Matilda was a little disappointed, though. She had no idea why, but she’d been having this overwhelming desire to lay on Jenny’s bare chest at night, skin to skin, and just be held like last night. Was that weird? The thought of being held, feeling her body heat and listening to her heart beat sounded so appealing. She felt a little depressed now, knowing it would never happen.

Matilda heard the shower turn on and winced. She rolled over, trying to ignore the pressure building in her bladder, but the sound of running water wasn’t helping. She crossed and uncrossed her legs and wiggled underneath the covers. She’d be out in a bit, Matilda told herself. Jenny never took very long showers. A few minutes went by, and then a few more. Matilda groaned into her pillow. She couldn’t wait much longer. She pushed herself up and stood at the bathroom door before knocking.

“Umm, Jenny? Are you going to be much longer? I need to pee.”

“Oh, I’m sorry. I’m right in the middle of shaving. Do you think you can hang on for another ten or fifteen minutes?” Matilda winced.

“Probably not.” She admitted.

“Shoot! Umm, well, you know, you could always just-”

“Please, no.” Matilda said. She knew she was about to suggest peeing in the diaper. “I think it would hurt an awful lot.”

“Oh, you're right, I’m sorry, I forgot about that. Well, I guess if you can’t hold it, then go ahead and come in.”

“Thank you! I’ll be quick!” She dashed to the toilet, paying no mind to the silhouette behind the curtain.

“Oh, just whatever you do, don’t flu-” Miss Honey began to say, but it was too late. Matilda had already pulled the lever by habit. She winced and stepped back.

“Sorry!” She yelled. Maybe it wouldn’t be that bad.

Miss Honey screamed and jumped out from behind the curtain. “Oh that’s cold!” She spun around and froze. Matilda stood gaping at her, nearly open-mouthed. Miss Honey tried to cover herself, but Matilda had already seen.

“No! Stop!” Matilda said. She came closer, eyes wide with horror, but utterly transfixed. “Oh, Jenny,“ She said softly.

Jennifer flinched as Matilda lightly traced the discolored, circular marks around her abdomen, hips, chest, upper thighs and back. She let Matilda circle her and investigate, there was no point hiding it now. She fought against the urge to cover herself.

“Jenny,” Matilda said again. “Are these all burns?”

“Yes.” Miss Honey said softly

“How? Why?” Matilda began to ask, but froze. She recognized them now from the ashtray in her old living room. “These are from cigars.”

“Yes.” Miss Honey said again with a sigh. She reached out and turned the water off in the shower before wrapping a towel around herself.

“The Trunchbull?” Matilda whispered.

“Yes.”

A rage was growing inside Matilda like she had never felt before. She could hardly see straight. Words her father had said to her once echoed in her mind.

“When a person is bad, that person needs to be taught a lesson.”

Yes.

It was time they taught the Trunchbull a lesson.

Spoiler

Umm anyway there's a chapter in there, not a spoiler. I can't seem to figure out how that got there or how to fix it. I also know the text color is an issue. I seem to be having a brain fart this morning and can't seem to fix that either. This is what I get when I stay up all night writing.

*054*2022-01-06 09:17

Not a word had passed between them on their walk to Hortensia’s that morning. Matilda had hardly noticed her surroundings changing at all until they arrived at the front of the black gate. Her attention had been so focused on what she had seen and the implications of it all. Rage boiled inside her so much she had needed somewhere to direct her anger. If Miss Honey had noticed the leaves tumbling around against the wind in front of Matilda, she hadn’t said anything.

“Please don’t mention what you saw to anyone.” Jennifer whispered, staring straight ahead at the door. Matilda gripped her hand and gave her a reassuring squeeze. “I hadn’t meant for you to see.”

Before Matilda could respond, the door began to open. Hortensia stood in the doorway wrapped in a blanket with a deep scowl on her face. “You got me sick.” She hissed at Matilda, before stepping aside to let them in. Miss Honey flashed her a deeply apologetic look.

“Go sit down, you big baby.” Hortensia’s mom said, shooing her daughter away. “Serves you right, treating this like some sort of vacation. You wouldn’t have gotten sick if you minded your own business and did your homework like I told you to.” Hortensia grumbled before slinking off to the living room couch.

“I’m glad I packed the Pepto then.” Miss Honey said. “I’m terribly sorry about all this, thank you so much for looking after her. I hope she wasn’t too much trouble yesterday.”

“A few issues in the beginning, but nothing too serious.” Hortensia’s mom looked her up and down. Matilda suddenly felt very shy, but resisted the urge to hide behind Jenny. “You sure overalls are a good idea?”

“She has a change of clothes if she needs them, just in case, but things have begun to settle down. Even if she does have any issues, don’t worry about it, she’s perfectly capable of taking care of it herself. I know she’s only five, but she’s very independent. She’s not like other kids her age.”

Matilda’s heart soared in appreciation. It had taken some coaxing from Jenny, but Matilda had confided in her about the events of the previous day and had nearly gotten to her knees and begged Jenny to talk to her on Matilda’s behalf.

“Kids act different when they're sick. It doesn’t matter how resourceful or independent you think they are, It can set them back years.”

“I’m a teacher I understand, but you see,” Miss Honey dropped her voice to a whisper, “Matilda has come from an abusive family, and there are some trust issues when it comes to adults she doesn’t know well, but we’re working on it.”

“Oh,” Hortensia’s mom said, her face falling. “I wasn’t aware of that.”

“She’s been forced to grow up very fast.”

Matilda darted inside, eager to get away from their conversation about her, and joined Hortensia on the couch.

“What happened?” Matilda asked her.

“You! You’re what happened!” Hortensia growled. “I was just minding my own business after dinner, watching a bit of Telly, when out of the blue it felt like the Trunchbull threw a shot put right into my belly! I damn near blew a hole in my trousers!”

Matilda winced in sympathy. After having gone through the same thing yesterday, she knew from experience Hortensia wasn’t exaggerating. While Matilda knew she wasn’t 100%, maybe not even 65%, but she was far better off than the girl huddled in the blanket seated next to her.

“Matilda!” Miss Honey called from the door. She got up and approached Jenny, who handed Matilda her backpack and wished her a better day. “Please try and eat something today.”

Matilda nodded, but she was still a bit hesitant. She had already refused breakfast before they had left the apartment in fear of a repeat of yesterday. Once Miss Honey had left, Matilda returned to her spot on the couch and began rummaging through her backpack. She pulled out the pink bottle, and began scanning the back for the info she needed. If she had to eat, she’d better give her stomach a fighting chance. After pouring out a dose for herself and knocking it back with a wince, she turned her attention to the back of the label once more.

“Hortensia, have you had any medicine today?”

“Ma sent it home with you.” She replied, still curled underneath a great, green comforter.

“I’ve got the bottle with me, how much do you weigh?”

“I don’t know, 45 kilograms, around there.”

“It says you should take 15ml.” She was about to pour out another dose when a shocked voice called out her name behind her.

“Matilda!” She jumped and put the cap back on the bottle. Hortensia’s mom snatched the bottle away in a panic. “Honey, please, let’s leave this for the adults. I don’t want you guessing how much to take and making yourself sick.”

“The label says for her to take 15ml since she’s over 30 kg, I’m not guessing.”

“Matilda, please, you’re too young to-” She froze as she looked at the bottle in her hand, then back at Matilda, before letting her eyes drift to the bottle once more. Without a word, she poured a small amount into the cup, clearly stopping at the 15ml line, and handed it over to Hortensia.

“Eww, no I don’t want to take any medicine.” Hortensia complained, before falling quiet at the glare she had received.

“It’s not that bad, I just had some, and it really does help. It’s better than the Tylenol.” Matilda offered.

“How much did you take, Matilda? Did you also take 15ml?” Her mom asked.

“No, ma’m, I took 7.5 ml.”

“Is that how much Miss Honey told you to take?”

“No ma’m, it said so on the back under instructions.”

“But how did you come up with 7.5 ml?”

“The bottle says to half the dose if you’re under 30kg.” Matilda explained with a shrug. “Half of 15 is 7.5.”

Hortensia’s mom let out a breath that sounded as if she had just had the wind knocked out of her. Matilda didn’t understand why adults always seemed so surprised. It was right there on the label, as clear as the nose on her face! All you had to do was read it.

“Y-yes, th-that’s right.” her mom said, more to herself than to Matilda. “Whose class are you in again?”

“Miss Honey’s, ma’m.”

“Oh, yes, that’s right, of course you’re in the first form. You’re five.” The woman shook her large blond head as if trying to wake up out of a daze. “What’s that pointy thing sticking up out of your backpack?”

Matilda looked down. “Oh, it’s my compass, I must have forgotten to put it away. Thank you, I’d be a very cross if I cut myself on it.” She pulled out the metal instrument and set it in the coffee table along with a few of her text books.

Her mom stepped forward, picking up one of the books. “Why in the world are you carrying these around for?”

“To work on my school work; I don’t want to fall behind.”

“Fall behind who?” Hortensia said, poking her head out from the blanket. “You said you get to do your own thing in class. Can you believe that, Ma? She’s allowed to not pay attention in class.”

Her mom didn’t say anything, instead she flipped through the pages, eyes as wide as saucers. She put the first book back down and picked up another one. “Matilda, does Miss Honey really expect you to work out of these? All by yourself?”

“She says I can ask her questions if I have any in between lessons, but so far I’ve managed fine by myself.”

Hortensia’s mom sat down on the opposite side of the table, gazing wordlessly at the books. Then she turned her attention to Hortensia’s stack and pulled out a completed work sheet before letting out an annoyed, “hmph,” and brushing off potato chip crumbs. Next, she copied down the questions on another piece of paper, without the answers, and handed it to Matilda.

“Would you please humor me for a moment? I know it’s silly, and you’re probably not feeling up for it but, are you able to … solve these?” Matilda looked over the paper, nodded her head, grabbed a pen and immersed herself in the equations. “I think, I think I’ll make us some toast while you work on that.”

“I’m done.” Matilda said, before the woman had even managed to get halfway across the living room.

“That-that’s not possible, it took me longer just to copy the questions down.” She looked down and let out a laugh that almost sounded relieved. “Did you just scribble random numbers?”

“No, ma’m.” Matilda said softly.

“Well, where’s the work?”

Matilda pointed to her head. “Up here.” Matilda could see the doubt written all over her face. “You can check them if you’d like.”

Hortensia’s mom shrugged and then smiled and sat down. “This is all just a silly game anyway. I do have to grade Tens’s work, actually.” Matilda could see the color drain from her face as she entered the numbers into a calculator one by one, occasionally making a mark on the page Hortensia had worked off of, before taking a glance at Matilda’s answer. Once she had finished, she put the pen down and stared quietly ahead for some time.

“How?” She finally whispered. “Did you really just do all that in your head?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“I thought you had just copied off ‘Tens’ when I noticed they were right, but you even got the ones right that she couldn’t.” She slowly stood up, looking a bit shell shocked. “I think I’ll make that toast now.”

…

“You see what I mean?” her mom asked, pointing down at a pile of spread out math sheets on the table, each with a failing grade. “She excels in every other subject,” she had started to say but stopped, “I-I mean, she gets an A, but math has always been a very large hurdle. We’ve even hired tutors, but she just won’t focus enough and makes such near constant silly mistakes.”

Matilda gazed over the work, deep in thought. “But you said she gets A’s in all her other subjects? That also takes a great deal of focus. I’ve found that she’s actually quite perceptive, much more than even some adults I know.”

“I guess she has a selective attention span, then. You’re umm, well, I don’t think I could even make that make sense. I was hoping you could notice something the others can’t.” She said, stumbling over her words a bit.

“Hmm,” Matilda muttered, “Well, there is something, but it doesn’t make much sense since you said she does well in everything else.”

“What?”

Matilda pointed at several points along the tests. “I can tell she knows how to do the math, she’s doing all the right steps, but she’s still coming up with the wrong answers.”

“I know! That’s what I mean by silly mistakes.”

Matilda took a bite of her toast before answering. “But look closer, she’s copied down the wrong numbers. This question right here, 4,872 x 3,964, when she transferred it to scrap paper she wrote 4,872 x 3,694.”

“See, she’s not focusing.” the woman started, but Matilda quickly shook her head.

“No, now look at these. Even the harder ones, she consistently gets the word problems right. Do you see what’s different about them? She always gets the questions right when the numbers are written out, but when it’s time to copy the answer down, the number is jumbled.”

“Oh, that’s strange.” Her mom said, frowning.

“I don’t think it’s a matter of focus. Of course, she won’t get the answer right if she’s seeing the question wrong.”

“So you’re thinking she needs to get her eyes checked?”

“No, I mean, you could if you wanted to, but it might be a little more complicated than that. I’m not really sure myself. At first, I thought maybe dyslexia, but it doesn’t seem to happen with letters, only numbers. If letters were getting jumbled, she’d make a lot more spelling mistakes. Possibly it’s a minor case of dyscalculia? Has she seen a doctor about it?”

“Well, no.”

“You could start there. And just as an experiment, next time she has a math assignment, read her the question out loud, and have her read you her answer. I know there’s still steps in between, but it might slightly improve her chance of getting it right.”

“That was certainly a fresh perspective.” Her mom said. They sat in silence for a moment before she added. “Thank you, no one’s ever brought this up before.”

“Hortensia’s been telling you the truth.” Matilda blurted out. “About the Trunchbull, I mean, what she does to kids.” Hortensia’s mom’s eyes looked very sad for a moment.

“I know.” She whispered.

……

Matilda sat glaring at the television, seething. She was making the channels change rapidly, despite the remote being on the other side of the room. She thought of Hortensia’s words from the night before. “The adults are cowards, every single one of them.” She shut the TV off and balled her hands into fists.

Her eyes filled with tears at the thought of the burns all over Jenny’s body, of Hortensia covered nearly head to toe in cuts and scrapes who came home to a mother who pretended they weren’t there. She cried for Amanda, who had nearly been scalped and impaled in front of her friends, for Julius Rotwinkle, who had been thrown out a window, and lastly she cried for herself, because she knew deep down, she was no better than any of them. Hadn’t she also failed to act? She had stood paralyzed to the spot along with everyone else.

Matilda wiped her face and gritted her teeth. Things had to change around here. She couldn’t keep making excuses. She thought of Hortensia’s words, “Don’t wish you were an adult, you can get away with so much more when you’re little.” Maybe she had a point. She went to Hortensia’s room and barged in without knocking.

“Wake up!” She said to the lump asleep on the bed. Hortensia groaned in response. “I want in on whatever you're planning next!”

*056*2022-01-20 07:31

The girls sat hunched over the kitchen table, textbooks spread out, in an attempt to throw Hortensia’s mom off their backs. Matilda had a blue notebook open on top of her algebra worksheet and was flipping through the pages with mild amusement. If Hortensia deserved any kind of award, it would be for her creativity, but realistically, her notebook full of schemes and plans tended to fall into the “illegal” and “impossible” category.

“If anything actually does happen to the Trunchbull, this notebook needs to be burned.” Matilda said.

“Why?” Hortensia asked with a scowl. Matilda thought she still looked rather green, but that was probably because she still continued to stuff her face with potato chips. Just the thought of eating something so greasy sent Matilda’s stomach for a loop. She herself hadn’t been feeling so great since the toast, despite the medicine.

“Because I don’t think Jenny, or any university, would approve of 1st degree murder as an acceptable form of extracurricular activity.”

“What do you care about university for? You’re five.” Hortensia said, in between a mouthful of chips. “And I’m ten, would anyone really believe us to be capable of murder?”

Matilda sighed. “We’re not killing her.”

“But say, hypothetically, she dies of an accident.”

“No! No one’s dying!” Matilda said, before flipping to a page and sliding it over.” How exactly did you plan on getting cannonballs onto the roof? Does that really look like an accident?” She pointed to a crude illustration of a squished car with a dead stick figure in the driver's seat.

“I will admit they're not the most thought out ideas; it’s just a hobby.”

“We need to think smaller, the idea is to inconvenience her; not hurt her.” Matilda could see Hortensia’s face turn angry.

“Inconvenience? I thought you wanted revenge and-” Hortensia jumped to her feet, chair scraping behind her. “Um, I don’t-” but before she could finish her thought, Hortensia was sprinting out of the kitchen and down the hall.

“I told her to stop eating chips.” Matilda mumbled, before taking several long gulps of water. Jenny had been adamant about drinking water, so she had been playing a little game. Take a drink every time Hortensia ate a chip. She had soon abandoned that game, her tiny stomach was no match to whichever evolutionary adaption Hortensia’s stomach had come up with to store chips. She was starting to think she didn’t have a stomach at all, but rather a portal straight to one of the nine dimensions of hell that dumped undigested snacks onto some poor damned soul. Matilda shuddered at the thought. Maybe Dante’s Inferno hadn’t been the greatest reading material, either.

Matilda’s legs were jiggling by the time she heard the kitchen door open. She looked up, hoping it was Hortensia. She’d have to give the bathroom a few minutes to air out, of course, she didn’t have to pee so bad she’d rush in straight after whichever horror’s Hortensia had unleashed in there. She frowned in disappointment when she realized it was only Hortensia’s mom.

“Sicker than a dog.” she heard her mumble. Matilda bit her lip. It didn’t sound like Hortensia would be out anytime soon.

“I really appreciate you helping Hortensia with her math, I don’t know how you do it, though. I can’t get her to willingly work, even when she’s well.” Matilda felt a pang of guilt. The open text books had just been a cover.

“Maybe she’s just delusional from a fever.” Hortensia’s mom chuckled.

“Could be.”

“What should I call you?” Matilda asked after a moment of silence. She didn’t even know Hortensia’s last name.

“My name is Eve.”

“Okay, Mrs. Eve.” Matilda said. It was rude to call adults by their first name, so she had to improvise. Hortensia’s mom only laughed again and shook her head.

“Just Eve is fine.”

Matilda didn’t feel comfortable being on a first name basis. She was still angry with her for failing to act in Hortensia’s best interest. Why had she called her daughter a liar if she knew she was telling the truth? Why did all the adults in this town sit back and do nothing? Matilda’s own father had sent her to Crunchem Hall knowing the Trunchbull’s reputation. He had probably sent her there because of the Trunchbull’s reputation, not in spite of. Matilda shook her head, this wasn’t a road she wanted to go down right now. It was much easier to fight for other people instead of herself. Besides, her father’s actions had inadvertently made her life drastically better, not worse as he had most likely intended. She had met Miss Honey, and she had found, for the first time, what love felt like.

Another, more sad thought filled her head. It made her uneasy and made her stomach twist. Matilda had been angry at the adults in her life for not standing up to the Trunchbull and not protecting their children. Was Miss Honey any different? If the time came where Matilda was in danger, would- no could timid, fearful Miss Honey protect her? Matilda knew it was too much to ask of her. Jenny needed someone to look after her! She had been abused far worse than Matilda knew she could even imagine at the hands of that woman! Timid Jenny, who looked like she wanted to sink into the floor whenever the Trunchbull entered her classroom. Jenny, who had signed away any hope of ever being properly independent, who hid horrid scars underneath her clothes, and had spent years living in poverty. She was Matilda’s reason to fight. When she thought of Jenny, she wasn’t afraid.

“Matilda, do you need the bathroom?” Eve’s voice snapped her from her train of thought. Matilda looked down at herself and blushed. She hadn’t even noticed she had gotten up on her hind legs, hands grabbing at herself. What was she doing? She was better than this kind of juvenile behavior!

“Well, umm, yes.” Matilda admitted. It would be more childish to deny it at this point, and now that she had started paying attention, did she ever! “Do you have another bathroom?” Maybe there was another in the master bedroom. Her hopes were dashed when Eve shook her head. “It’s fine, I can wait until Hortensia’s out.”

Eve looked skeptical. “I don’t think she’ll be out anytime, soon. Is it your stomach?” Matilda shook her head, and Eve seemed to relax now that an impending blow out was off the table.

“A neighbor’s, maybe?” Matilda asked after failing to distract herself with the textbook.

Eve bit her lip. “The only neighbor I’d feel comfortable taking you to is Jan, Chunky’s mom, but she’s a bit of a germaphobe. I don’t think she’d let either of us in right now.” Matilda’s face fell. How had she not noticed sooner? Had she really been that deep in thought? “I can’t leave Hortensia alone right now, either.”

“I could just walk to the market, it’s only a few blocks.” Matilda suggested. Eve looked like she had proposed letting Matilda play with a loaded fire arm. “Or not.” she mumbled.

“I’m sorry, you’ll either have to wait or…” Matilda watched her eyes shift to her backpack.

“No!” Matilda said, a bit more forceful than necessary. “I still have that, umm, soreness. It would be very painful.” Why was everyone suggesting she pee on herself today? Just because she was a bed wetter did not make it suddenly okay.

“Oh, that’s right.” Eve said. “Well, if you get desperate enough, there’s the backyard, although it might be a little tricky for you being a girl and all. You’d probably have to take everything off from the waist down.”

“I’ll wait.” Matilda said through gritted teeth. She just went from being a baby to being a dog. She had had her fill of relieving herself outdoors after yesterday. The experience had been unnerving, not to mention loud. It was a memory she wished to bury and never think about again! She despised being vulnerable, and nothing said vulnerable like being naked in a stranger's front yard with zero bowel control next to a woman who kept saying things like “that’s it.” and “let it all out of your system.” If she had meant to be comforting, she had missed the mark by a mile. It had been the most humiliating moment of her life, right next to Jenny pulling her out of the Chokey soaked, and having her first accident in Jenny’s bed. Recently, it seemed, her life seemed to be full of cringy moments.

Matilda’s resolve not stoop down to the level of an animal had lasted all of twenty minutes. She groaned in embarrassment as she got up and headed for the backyard. She kept reminding herself it would look worse having an accident. Picturing Eve treating her like she had yesterday had broken the rest of her resolve.

“Do you need any help with your overalls?” Matilda could feel warmth gather in her face. She had hoped to slip out unnoticed, or at least Eve would have the courtesy not to say anything. No such luck on either accounts.

“No, thank you.” Matilda mumbled. She went out back, shutting the screen door behind her. She took in the backyard. All the grass seemed to be directly in front of the back door. Matilda groaned again. No way was she going to do this with Eve watching. She had given her enough of a show yesterday. As Matilda made her way around the small backyard, she couldn’t shake the image of a dog sniffing around, searching for the perfect spot. Just pick somewhere and get it over with! There!

All the way along the fence were flowers, but there in the corner was a bush, and not a very pretty one anyway. As she was undoing her overalls, she had the odd feeling she was being watched. She eyed the backdoor, but Eve, thankfully, was not there. No one was looking out the kitchen window, either. She was just feeling paranoid because this felt wrong, she thought, but before she stripped the rest of the way, she let her eyes scan the area one last time. Nothing. She got into position over the bush, but just as she began to pull everything down, she let out a yell and quickly hoisted it back up. She had been so concerned about Eve watching, she hadn’t thought of anyone else, so she was startled when her eyes locked with a man on the second floor of the neighbor's house.

Matilda ran back inside, overalls still dangling.

“Feel better?” a voice from the kitchen table asked. Of course, she’d ask that, Matilda thought.

“There was a man watching me from upstairs.” Matilda said. Eve scowled.

“Damn him, that perv. I’ve caught him several times watching us.”

Matilda shook her head. “I didn’t…”

“Wise of you.” Eve said, a scowl still on her face. “Stay inside the rest of the day.” Matilda didn’t ask why.

Matilda rested her head on her textbook, burying her face in her arms. “C’mon, Hortensia! Aren’t you done blowing it up yet?” Matilda quietly mumbled to herself. Her legs were now involuntarily shaking, the straps she hadn’t fastened on her overalls bouncing noisily against the chair. What was she going to do now? She looked up hopefully when she heard a scraping sound. Was Hortensia back? No, it was just Eve dragging a chair over to the top row of cupboards.

Instead of climbing on top to reach up, Eve patted the chair. ‘Come on, hop up” Matilda tried to make sense of what she was saying. She stood up and followed in a trance. She couldn’t think right now, she couldn’t even stand still. Maybe Eve was afraid of heights? She doubted Matilda could reach that high, but she stood on the chair anyway.

“Face me.” Matilda turned. She wasn’t even eye level, she was still a good foot shorter. So then why? Matilda let out a panicked gasp. Eve had yanked her overalls and underwear down, and was lifting her up by her hips. When she stopped moving, Matilda realized she was hovering over the sink. Her legs were resting over the edge, but she knew if Eve let go, she’d fall backwards into it. “Go on, I’ve got you.” Once again, not comforting, Matilda thought. Her body clenched tight in protest. “Let me know when you’re done.”

“I-I can’t.” Matilda muttered, face red with embarrassment. Not with Eve right in front of her, holding her.

“Everything’s harder as a girl, I know.” Eve said. It was true, Matilda could have gone in the bush with her back to the neighbor already. She wrapped one arm around Matilda’s waist and reached behind her with the other. She nearly jumped out of Eve’s hold as she felt cold water splash her back. Matilda hadn’t been quite out of the range of the faucet, but she was no match for the sound and feel of running water.

Matilda hid her face in her arms as she felt herself give in, feeling both shame and relief, grateful for the noise of the faucet. If she had to hear herself pee, it would have been the end of her dignity, although she was pretty sure she had lost all of that yesterday.

Once Matilda’s feet hit the floor, she quickly hoisted up her underwear, but before she could re-attach the buckles of her overalls, she felt Eve tugging on her shirt. “I’m sorry, I got you all wet.”

Matilda shrugged. If Eve hadn’t, she’d still be up there, involuntarily fighting against every trickle. Matilda shuddered, imagining Eve praising her for every sound and trying to coax her into letting it out all at once.

“See, you’re cold.” Matilda felt her shirt get pulled off. “Do you have another shirt?” Matilda shook her head. She had only brought spare pants and diapers she had been sent home with. She hadn’t thought her shirt would get in the line of fire. “I’ll put it in the dryer for you.” Matilda nodded and let out a large yawn behind her hand. She was starting to feel exhausted now that adrenaline and panic were no longer coursing through her. Her energy level was still much lower than usual and she realized she felt warm, not from embarrassment, but from fever. She was still sick.

“Feel free to take a nap on the couch if you need to.” She heard Eve yell from the back of the house. Matilda wanted to very much, but…” her eyes drifted to her backpack. Why had Jenny packed those diapers and not pull-ups? She knew she couldn’t risk sleeping without anything, not with how much water she had been drinking, and not with how desperate she had gotten so quickly. She ground her teeth. Matilda didn’t have a choice, she knew. She dug around in her backpack and pulled one out, before making her way over to the couch. She kicked off the rest of her clothes, and opened it.

She turned it side to side. Where was the front, and where was the back? She had never changed a diaper before, it all looked the same. She sat on it and tried to pull it up, nope, that wasn’t right. Matilda turned it around and tried again. Nope, that was even worse! On her fifth try, she let out a moan of frustration. She heard a chuckle. Matilda looked up to find Eve watching her from the hallway.

“Need a hand?” Matilda wanted to say no, but this blasted thing wasn’t cooperating, and she was in danger of falling asleep on top of it and not in it. “Lay back.” She did as she was instructed, too drained to fight. Eve’s words were fading in and out. Matilda was only vaguely aware sometime later of another figure’s presence.

“Move your diapered ass.” Matilda moaned and rolled onto her side, suddenly squished between the back of the couch and something nice and very warm. She wrapped her arms around it, but something was in the way. Without opening her eyes, she felt around and moved away whatever it was, before pressing her face against it and sighing contentedly, now fast asleep, before feeling something reluctantly wrap around her.

###

Jenny was surprised to find the door beginning to open before she had even lifted her hand to knock. Eve poked her face out and beckoned her in with a finger, with a finger of her other hand pressed to her lips.

“You need to see this.” Eve whispered, and Jenny followed her inside now curious. Eve crept into the living room and pointed down at the couch. Jenny tiptoed inside and covered her mouth in surprise. Both girls were asleep, Matilda in nothing but a diaper, her face resting on Hortensia’s bare stomach, both with arms wrapped around each other.

Jenny bit down on her knuckle to suppress the giggle that wanted to come out. Matilda had her moments, but Hortensia? Now that was a girl she couldn’t imagine being a cuddler. She couldn’t even picture her staying still long enough to cuddle. She took one last glance at the girls, before following Eve into the kitchen.

“I never imagined Hortensia as the affectionate type.” Jenny admitted, taking a seat. Eve laughed.

“She’s not. I told you, they’re different when they're sick.” Eve said.

Jenny thought back to last night. Matilda had been a bit clingier than usual, and Jenny had been more than happy to oblige. She thought it was because Matilda had thought she had hurt her, but as she thought back, it was Matilda who had initiated contact. She had even asked to be read to.

“You never told me she was some kind of genius.” Eve suddenly said, her tone changing. Jenny smiled and shrugged. “If she wasn’t sick, I was about to have her do my taxes for me.”

“What gave it away?”

“I caught her trying to give medication to my daughter. When I took the bottle away from her, she recited the instructions, and the math needed to calculate the dosage for children based on their weight. Then she began doing Hortensia’s math homework in her head. I thought she was copying off Hortensia’s paper, but she even got the answers Hortensia missed.”

Jenny smiled and replied, “She likes math.”

“Let me ask you, where is she living? You said she comes from an abusive home. Is she a foster child, is that why she’s still in your class? ”

Jenny’s smile faltered. “It’s complicated. She’s living with me, but her situation isn’t exactly…”

“On the up and up.” Eve volunteered.

“Yes.” Jenny said, sounding sad. “I was able to get her family to give up custody of her, and pay a very small amount in child support, but if anyone came looking for her.” She bit her lip. “I don’t think the courts would give me custody. That’s also why she’s still in my class. I don’t have the legal right to switch schools, I’d pull her out of there so fast if I could! I try and be the best teacher I can be for her, but-” Jenny stopped as she felt a hand close around hers.

“She doesn’t need you as a teacher right now; she needs you as a mother.” Jenny froze. “That independence, you see, that came from necessity. That’s not normal, it doesn’t matter how smart she is. Do you know why she knows how to give herself medicine? It’s because no one was there to give it to her.”

“I know,” Jenny said with a sigh. “She told me last night she doesn’t see me as a mother, though.”

“Then make her see you as one.” Eve said. “Jenny, I don’t know how to tell you this, but I think Matilda has very dark feelings towards the adults in her life, and if you don’t address it and soon, something very bad may happen.”

Crap, Jenny thought, she must know about her powers too!

“Like today, for instance, she gave me a look like she wanted to rip my head off!”

“Well, she is only five, and you said they don’t act themselves when they're sick. She is a very sweet girl.”

“Jenny,” Eve said. “Listen, I found a notebook in with her school things. She’s having fantasies about murdering the principal.”

Jenny’s eyebrows narrowed, and then she let out a nervous laugh. “What? No, Matilda would never want to hurt anyone. “

“I put it back with her things, you can look through it tonight, but seriously, with that brain of hers and these dark fantasies, you really need to do something to put a stop to this. Even the bed-wetting is a sign of emotional disturbance. ”

“Eve!” Jenny said, getting to her feet. “Matilda is not some evil child, she is a very sweet and special girl who doesn’t have a drop of darkness in her heart!”

“I’m not saying she’s evil! All i’m saying is I think you need to spend more one on one time with her. Fewer academics, and more nurturing maybe, I don’t know!” Eve said also getting to her feet.

“Jenny?” A quiet voice asked. Both women turned to find a very sleepy looking Matilda leaning against the doorway, a wet diaper hanging from her hips.

Jennifer plastered on a fake smile as best she could. She could only pray Matilda hadn’t heard their conversation. “Hi, sweetie, I’m sorry if we woke you. Let’s get your overalls back on, I’ll get you cleaned up once we get home.” Matilda looked at her a bit dazed, but didn’t argue. She had barely pulled up her pants when Jenny picked her and her backpack up and headed for the door.

###

To think Matilda capable of such a thing! Jenny thought, seething, as she started running a bath. Eve had spent two afternoons with her and was already telling her how to be a parent! Jenny sighed as she rubbed at her temples. She was getting a headache.

“Jenny? What’s wrong?” Matilda asked from the doorway. She had gotten out of her overalls, and was pacing back and forth in the wet diaper, a look of pain on her face.

“It’s nothing, sweetie, don’t worry about it. If you need to pee, go in the diaper.” Jenny watched Matilda’s face turn a bright shade of red.

“N-no, I don’t have to.” She said. Jenny nodded and turned back to the water, aware Matilda had gone into the other room. When she came back, she couldn’t help notice there was predominantly more sagging around her waist and an even more uncomfortable expression on Matilda’s face. Liar.

“Come here. Let’s get that off you.” Jenny reached for the tabs, but frowned when Matilda pulled away.

“I can do it myself.” She mumbled. She was about to tear it off, but Jenny grabbed her hands to stop her.

“I know you can do it yourself, and I love how independent you are, but sometimes, like right now, with me, you don’t have to be. Does that make sense?”

Matilda frowned. “It’s gross, though, I don’t want you to.”

Jenny smiled softly. “Gross? Why would I think it’s gross? Is it because it’s so…fresh?!” She lunged forward, taking Matilda off guard, and began making her squeal with laughter.

“No! Stop! I’m ticklish!” she cried, and tried to dance away, but Jenny had her pinned into the corner, running her fingers up her sides, until the small girl was red-faced and panting. She looked so far from the evil genius Eve thought her to be. Jenny bent down and tore the tabs off, before balling it up and throwing it in the trashcan.

“Was that so bad? Now into the bath with you!” She waited until Matilda was fully submerged before excusing herself. Now, what was with this notebook? She went to Matilda’s backpack, digging around, until she pulled out a blue composition book she didn’t recognize. She opened it and flipped through the childish doodles. Jenny breathed a sigh of relief. Dark fantasies, she thought, shaking her head. This wasn’t even Matilda’s neat writing, and the plans inside were so over the top, how could anyone take them seriously? Dropping a cannonball from the roof? Really?

Jenny stopped at a page that featured a crude drawing of a cat. She smiled and shook her head. She had a feeling she knew who this notebook belonged to, and Eve wasn’t going to like it.

“Matilda,” Jenny said, do you know who this belongs to? I found it in your backpack.” She held it up, so Matilda could see, and noticed her face begin to lose color. Jenny sighed and sat down on the closed toilet lid. She may be a genius, but she couldn’t keep a secret to save her life.

“Hortensia’s,” she mumbled. At least she wasn’t lying anymore. “I said I wanted to help her play pranks, so she showed it to me.”

Jenny bit her lip in worry. The Trunchbull was the last person anyone should be playing pranks on.

“I realize some of the doodles she made aren’t exactly pranks.” Matilda went on.

“Yes,” Jenny said. “They aren’t. They are the worst plans for murder I have ever seen.” Matilda giggled.

“Did you see the cannonball one?” Matilda asked. “How was she planning on getting those on the roof?”

Jenny smiled. She had also seen rough drafts for other strange occurrences she hadn’t realized had been Hortensia’s doing. She was smart and calculating when she put her mind to it, so she knew the murder sketches had been nothing to worry about. It was clear no planning had gone into them. How had she planned on getting them onto the roof? It was almost as if she’d need-Jenny swallowed nervously as realization dawned on her. It was almost as if she’d need telekinetic powers.

……

“Matilda,” Jenny asked as they laid in bed that night. “Do you like living with me?”

“Yes, of course! This is so much better than where I came from!” Matilda said, rolling onto her side.

“I know it’s better, but I was just wondering…is it enough?” Am I enough?

Matilda rolled over and faced her. She looked confused. “I don’t understand.”

Jenny sighed. “What If you could have a family who loved and appreciated you. A mom and dad, your own room again. Your own bed! I can’t give you any of those things. Wouldn’t you prefer that over this?”

Jenny could see the scowl forming over Matilda’s features. “I thought you said you wanted to be my mom.”

“Of course, I want to be your mom!” Jenny said. “I may not be very good at it, but-”

“If I could choose, I’d still pick you.” Matilda said matter-of-factly. “This,” she gestured around the tiny room, “has felt more like home than anywhere else I’ve ever lived, because you’re here.”

“You’re so sweet, I hope you’re not just saying that.” Jenny said, pulling Matilda towards her and into a hug. “You know you can tell me the truth, no matter how small or big.”

“I do.” Matilda said, resting her head on Jenny’s shoulder.

“Uh-huh, Miss, no, I don’t have to pee.” She could feel Matilda stiffen against her. She bit her lip, maybe she shouldn’t have gone so far. “Why does that bother you so much?”

“I don’t know.” Matilda mumbled into Jenny’s nightgown. Liar. She rubbed up and down her bare back, her shirt having mysteriously disappeared again.

“Tell me, please. You never tell me you need something until it’s too late.” She could feel Matilda tense again. There was an issue somewhere around here. She was determined to get to the bottom of it. “You don’t like asking for help, even if it would save you a lot of trouble. Remember the museum?” Jenny could feel Matilda begin to shake with sobs, but she had to get to the bottom of this. “Talk to me, Matilda. I can’t be there for you if you don’t tell me what you need.” Jenny waited patiently, gently scratching Matilda’s back until she calmed down. “Tell me this, back at the museum, why didn’t you just ask me to unclip your overalls?”

“Because it was something a little kid would need.”

“Honey, you’re five years old, you are a little kid.”

“I don’t like,” Matilda said, but stopped.

“Go on, finish your thought.”

“I don’t like feeling helpless, and I don’t like people thinking I’m helpless.”

“Of course, I don’t think you're helpless, but needing help sometimes doesn’t make you helpless either. Adults need to ask for help all the time, too. ”

“But not like,” Matilda said, dropping her voice, “going to the bathroom or something.”

“Did you know brides on their wedding need someone to hold their dress up while they pee?” Matilda scrunched up her face.

“So I won’t get married then.” She said.

Jenny laughed. “Just over that?”

“These last few days have been awful!”

“I know, being sick is no fun, but I think you’re over the worst of it. Eve said you only threw up twice today. Maybe tomorrow you won’t throw up at all.”

“Not like that, I mean, yeah that was awful too, but I don’t like being sick, around other people. Like you said, you didn’t like not wearing clothes. I don’t like dealing with bodily functions around other people. Adults especially, It makes me feel-”

“Vulnerable?” Jenny asked.

“Yeah!” Matilda said. “I don’t like feeling vulnerable around adults.” Jenny frowned and stroked Matilda’s head. It didn’t really come as a surprise given everything she had shared with her, but it still made Jenny feel a little sad.

“Do I make you feel vulnerable?”

Matilda didn’t answer for some time. “You used to, but not so much anymore.” Jenny sighed.

“I want you to feel comfortable with anything you might want or need. You know that, right? No matter how embarrassing or personal. It doesn’t matter what it might be. I will never shame you, or belittle you, or scold you for asking or letting me know you need help.”

“D-do you mean that?” Matilda asked in a quiet voice.

“Of course, Matilda. Is there something in particular you wanted or needed that bothers you?”

“I- I guess, but it’s weird, and it would make you uncomfortable, and I don’t even know why I want to so bad!” Matilda said, tripping over her words. Jenny’s face frowned with concern. What was it she wanted that would make her uncomfortable?

“What is it?” Jenny asked.

“I- I want to,” Matilda said, looking uncertain. “I want to lay on your chest.” Matilda blurted out.

Jenny smiled, still confused. “That’s fine.”

“Your bare chest.” Matilda said, barely over a whisper. Oh…

Jenny paused. She stared ahead at the foot of the bed. Why would Matilda want to lay on her bare chest? One of the few things she wasn’t sure she could do… Her heart was beating in a panic. She was waiting, she needed to answer her. She could tell her, “no,” without belittling or shaming her, but was that fair? Jenny had been asking her to drop her guard. That was normal, though, she was the adult and Matilda was a child. She needed to be able to trust adults again.

Was this even an appropriate request to fulfil? She was just a child. Surely there was no ulterior motive, she even said herself, she didn’t know why she wanted it…so bad. Jenny gulped. Matilda had never said she wanted something badly. Why this of all things? She thought of Matilda lying on Hortensia’s bare stomach with her arms around her.

She was a girl who had never felt love. The more she thought about it, the more it made sense. Matilda was craving a kind of non-sexual intimacy, the feeling of skin against skin. Was that why she kept taking off her shirt? Jenny bit her lip. She was almost certain Matilda had stopped expecting a reply. She sighed and turned off the light.

###

Matilda felt her heart sink when the room had gone dark. She guessed that was Jenny’s way of saying, “no,” but she could have at least told her instead of ignoring her. She could feel tears begin to well in her eyes, Then she heard another sound, of something soft that had fallen to the floor.

“Come here, Matilda.”

An arm gently guided her down in the dark. She could hear Jenny suck in a panicked breath when their bodies made contact. Where was it? She felt around her chest, until she felt what she was after. There! She moved up as slowly and gently as she could and placed her ear where her hand had been. Matilda could hear and feel Jenny’s heart beating like mad.

“I won’t hurt you, Jenny.” Matilda whispered. “It’s okay.” She softly hummed for a bit and ran her fingers through Jenny’s hair. Ever so slowly, she could feel Jenny’s stiff body begin to slowly relax underneath her. Matilda smiled as she felt Jenny’s arms move around her and embrace her. Yes! This. This is what she had been longing for. She wanted to feel her body heat around her, and listen to her heart beat. There was something so intimate about it, like it was something only they could share.

“Are you okay?” Matilda whispered. The arms around her tightened in response, and she felt a pair of lips kiss her cheek.

“How did you know I needed this too?”

*058*2022-01-22 15:38

The thing which woke Matilda the next morning wasn’t the fact that it was nearly an hour past when they should've been out the door, but the too hot sensation, as if she was sleeping on a furnace. When she opened her eyes, she was surprised to find she was almost in the exact same position as last night, only higher up, with her head resting in the crook of Miss Honey’s neck. Only now, instead of the pleasant warmth of their shared body heat, Jenny felt like a piece of metal that had been left out in the sun.

Oh no, Matilda thought, slowly lifting herself up to eye level. Jenny was whimpering softly in her sleep, and a strained look Matilda couldn’t quite place, somewhere between fear and anger.

“I’m sorry,” Matilda heard in between nonsensical babble, followed by something that sounded a lot like “bull”. It was obvious who she was dreaming about, and Matilda knew there was no such thing as a pleasant dream if that woman was involved.

“Jenny,” she whispered softly. “Jenny, wake up.” She pressed a hand to her forehead and frowned. She was burning! Matilda had gotten her sick after all. She quietly chastised herself. Why couldn’t she just leave her alone and stay on her side of the bed! Or even better, slept on the floor! Or stayed at Hortensia’s. There was no hope for them after what Matilda had done over there, anyway.

Miss Honey was moaning now, before a wet gurgling sound escaped her lips. Matilda could see yellowish bile running down the corners of her mouth. She was going to choke! Matilda jumped off her and pushed until Jenny was on her side, head over the side of the bed. She forced open Miss Honey’s mouth and let it drain onto the bare wooden floor below.

Jenny began coughing and opened her eyes, they were glassy, and her gaze unfocused, but Matilda breathed a sigh of relief. At least she was awake. Jenny tried to sit up, but Matilda stopped her.

“You’re sick.” Matilda said. It seemed to take Miss Honey a minute to register the room she was in and why one of her students was in bed with her. Her eyes went from panic, to confusion, and then finally settled on understanding.

“What time is it?” Jenny asked. She rubbed at her pounding temples.

Matilda looked up at the clock before answering, “8:30.”

“Shi-” Miss Honey gasped. She threw the covers off and sprang up, stepping in the puddle of sick. Matilda was shocked. She had never heard Jenny come even close to swearing before.

“Jenny, stop! You can’t go to class like this!” She watched Miss Honey brace herself against the wall of the bathroom, before lunging for the toilet to be sick again.

“I have to.” Jenny managed to eventually choke out, before shakily wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. “I’m already so late! She’s going to kill me.” Her protesting was cut short by more retching.

Matilda went to the landline and pulled out the phone book. No way was she going to let Jenny anywhere out of the apartment today. The thought of her going to school was insane! She looked up the number for Crunchem Hall and dialed. The receiver was picked up after two rings. A man answered; it was the vice principal, Mr. Trilby

Matilda quickly made up a story of walking to school and finding her teacher getting sick in the street, before walking her back home.

“Thank you for letting us know, Matilda. We were wondering what happened to her; it’s not like her to miss class. Ever. Tell her I wish her a speedy recovery. Even the principal is out with it.”

“Thank you, Mr. Trilby, I will.” Matilda said before hanging up. Jenny would be happy to know the Trunchbull wasn’t there.

Next, Matilda grabbed a rag from the sink and wiped up the mess off the floor, as well as the now yellowish footprints leading to the bathroom. The door was now closed and Matilda could hear the shower running. Matilda would be ushering her back into bed the moment she came out, whether she wanted to or not, she’d keep smacking her with the broom if she had to.

While Matilda was thinking about what else she could do, there was a loud thunk sound from the bathroom. She went to the door and knocked. No answer.

“Jenny? Are you okay?” Still no answer. Worried, she opened the door and peeked inside. The shower was still running, but she couldn’t see the woman’s silhouette behind the curtain. “Jenny?” There was a moan in response. Matilda rushed inside and threw open the curtain. Jenny was crumpled in a heap on the bathtub floor, holding her head.

“Jenny!” Matilda quickly turned off the water and kneeled on the floor to be eye level. She moved her hand away, but she couldn’t see any blood. “Are you okay? What happened?”

“Just got a little dizzy. I’m alright.” Miss Honey said.

“No, you’re not!” Matilda protested. “I called the school and told them you weren’t coming in.”

“Matilda! No! You shouldn’t have done that! If the Trunch-” Matilda stopped her.

“I talked to Mr. Trilby, and told him I found you ill on my walk to school, so I walked you back home and called as soon as we got here. He says he hopes you feel better, and not to worry about it. The Trunchbull called out, she’s got it too.” She could see the fight fall from Miss Honey’s face the moment she realized the Trunchbull wouldn’t be breaking down her door to find her. Matilda offered her a hand, and together, they managed to get her out of the bathtub and onto the bathmat. Matilda didn’t like how wobbly she still was.

“Hold onto the towel rack, I’ll dry you off.”

“Matilda, that’s really not necessary.” Miss Honey protested, but Matilda could see she was straining just to stay on her feet.

“Hold on to the towel rack.” She repeated, a bit more forceful.

“Matilda,” Miss Honey said, sounding exasperated, but did as she was instructed. Matilda dried off her legs and hips, before climbing up onto the closed toilet lid to get her upper body. She could tell Jenny was uncomfortable with the close contact and being seen naked, but Matilda wasn’t going to let her risk falling again. She had read bathrooms were the most dangerous place in the house, and as she took in the edges of the sink, bathtub and toilet, she could see why.

When she had finished, she threw the towel onto Jenny’s head, giggling as it fell over her face. There was no hope of reaching her head, so she took Jenny by the hand and led her back to bed.

“In,” Matilda ordered. Jenny didn’t argue, she was practically panting from the effort of standing and walking. She slid under the covers, letting her towel covered head hit the pillow. You’re pathetic, Jenny thought, making a child care for you, a grown adult. You’re no better than her. “Stop it,” Matilda said with a scowl. “You’re sick, and you’re not making me do anything. I’m doing it because I want to.” Miss Honey grimaced. She hadn’t realized she had said it out loud, maybe she was worse than she thought.

“We could play pretend.” Matilda said, after a minute of awkward silence. Miss Honey looked up at her. “We’ll pretend you’re not an adult. I’ll be the parent, and you’ll be the child.”

“Like playing house?” Jenny asked, closing her eyes. Hadn’t they been playing house this whole time? With Jenny pretending to be a strong, reliable adult in Matilda’s life, instead of the small cowardly child she felt like most of the time.

“Yeah, like house. I know you don’t need my help, but we’re just pretending you do. It’s just a game.”

A game of make believe?

A fragment of a memory passed through Miss Honey’s mind. Her father, Magnus, getting his temperature taken with Jenny’s toy thermometer, band-aids all over his face and suit.

“What is it, Doctor, what’s wrong with me?” Magnus asked.

“You’re sick!” Four-year-old Jenny declared. She pulled the toy from his mouth and stared at it, “112! Degrees.”

“112 Degrees! Well, it’s a good thing Dr. Bumblebee is here to take such good care of me.” Magnus said.

“Yeah,” Miss Honey said before feeling a cup of medicine pressed against her lips. She swallowed it. “Make believe sounds nice. Let’s play.” The corners of her mouth twitched upward into a smile when she felt a cool, wet wash cloth gently laid on her forehead. “How do you always know?” She mumbled before falling back to sleep.

###

Matilda sat crossed legged on the bed, silently watching, waiting and…feeling? The first time had just been a hunch, the second, a lucky guess. The third? Quick reflexes. The fourth time though… Matilda was puzzled. It was almost as if Matilda knew Miss Honey would be sick even before she did. Every time Jennifer had lurched forward, Matilda already had the trashcan floating in the air and ready in front of her.

What had unnerved Matilda the most was her own body. She had been certain she had to pee, but when she went and sat on the toilet, nothing would happen despite the pressure growing stronger. This had been going on for the last thirty minutes, and it was driving her mad. Then an odd thought crossed her mind. No, it wasn’t possible. People couldn’t just…

People also couldn’t make trashcans float in the air, but here she was, beckoning it into the bathroom to dump its contents into the open toilet. She pushed an imaginary lever in the air, and the toilet flushed. She supposed it wouldn’t hurt to ask.

“Jenny?” Matilda whispered at her bedside. “Jenny?” She placed a hand on her forehead. She was still burning up. Nothing she gave her seemed to break the fever.

“Hmm?” Miss Honey mumbled. She opened her eyes, still glassy and unfocused.

“I was just wondering if you needed anything. Some water, maybe, or to use the bathroom?” Matilda could see the crease of worry form, before she tried to sit up.

“I’m so dizzy,” Jenny said. The two of them slowly managed to get her into a sitting position with her legs over the bed, but that was as far as Matilda was willing to push her. She didn’t like how red her skin was getting, or how flushed her face was. She didn’t have a thermometer, but she was almost certain her fever was beyond 102. If she tried to get up, all Matilda could do was make a good cushion to fall onto, and fall Matilda was certain she would do. She just had to think. How could they do this?

“Don’t!” Matilda said, when she saw Jenny trying to push herself up. “You’ll only get hurt.”

“I need to pee.” Miss Honey said, but stayed where she was, obviously spent from the small movement.

“I know,” Matilda muttered. “I’m thinking.” The obvious idea was out, Matilda’s pull-ups would never fit her. “How far can you scoot yourself off the bed? I could levitate the trashcan to you, but…” There was the issue of angles still, and she doubted Jenny would be willing, given her issues with modesty.

“Whatever, that’s fine, just hurry.” Matilda bit her lip. What she needed was a doctor. Did they really make house calls? Or was that just a thing of stories past? Did Jenny even have insurance?

Matilda played with a few angles, but it was clear this idea was out. She would have needed to be on a corner, and it all came back to neither of them having enough strength… unless… She couldn’t move that much weight with her body, but maybe… They never had tested her limits. What if she could hold her up with her mind?

“Try and stand up, I have an idea.” Matilda pushed with her mind as hard as she could, helping move Jenny’s body as Jenny tried to pull herself up. She was a little wobbly still, but much steadier than before.

“Are you the reason I feel so light?” Jenny asked. She was still hanging onto the bed frame. Matilda nodded, grabbing her hand.

“I think I can walk you to the bathroom like this” Matilda started to say, but stopped. There was an intense, sudden pressure, like something was squeezing her. Another premonition? She wasn’t going to make it halfway across the room. “I’m sorry, but can you spread your legs a little?” The trashcan met its target just as the dripping started. “It's making you feel lighter, but I think it’s also squeezing you.” Miss Honey stood frozen in place, looking at the bathroom with longing. “It’s too late, and I don’t think I can keep this up much longer.” She lifted a towel off the floor with the last of her mental strength and held it over Jenny’s waist.

“Thank you for that.” Miss Honey whispered, nodding at the towel, but Matilda had a hunch she didn’t care at this point. Matilda squirmed in place. She could feel the pressure inside herself ebbing away with the trickling sound coming from the other side of the towel. This was too bizarre! She patted the crotch of her pants, almost half expecting to find them wet, and then…she was fine. Matilda let the towel fall before she grabbed the trashcan with her hands and set in on the floor. She didn’t trust herself not to mentally drop it, and she needed to focus all her attention on getting Jenny back into bed. This was too much of a strain on her powers to rely on as a solution, even if Jenny would be willing to stand over the trashcan every time instead of trying to walk.

Matilda collapsed into bed next to her. Maybe she would be more useful if she wasn’t still getting over this herself. She wanted nothing more than to fall asleep as well, but she knew she couldn’t. She needed to keep watch. Matilda needed to keep…feeling. She had a sense of doom hanging over her, and she couldn’t seem to shake it. It didn’t seem to be what Matilda had, but in a way, this was worse. Her fever was spiking, not breaking.

The first person Matilda called when Jenny started jerking in her sleep was Hortensia. It was the only number she knew. When Hortensia picked up, Matilda asked for her mom to come over, but learned Eve had also gotten sick. Matilda wasn’t happy to learn her issues were in her lower GI tract, just like Matilda’s and Hortensia’s had been. Matilda had been relieved she hadn’t had to deal with Jenny having diarrhea, but now she’d almost welcome it. She could deal with the mess if it meant Jenny would be better soon.

When Matilda tried to get Jenny to drink water, only for her to spit it back out, she made a second phone call. Followed by a third, and then a fourth. No doctor's office made house calls, it seemed. She was almost in tears when she tried the last thing she could think of. She tried the school and asked to speak to Mrs. Rodgers.

“Hello, Matilda! Glad to hear you're feeling better!”

“I need help!” Matilda begged. “It’s Miss Honey! No one will come!” Now she really was crying.

“What is it? What’s wrong with Miss Honey?”

“I don’t know! I thought I got her sick, but it’s different, and her fever won’t break! Can you come look at her? I can’t even take her temperature! I don’t have a thermometer, but I think It’s really high, and I’m scared! Please!”

“It’s going to be okay, Matilda, try and calm down. Can you tell me what’s wrong with her?”

“S-she’s got a fever, and she’s throwing up, but not like from nausea. More like from her stomach contracting, and she’s not swallowing!” Matilda heard Mrs. Rogers suck in a breath. “What is it?”

“I’m not sure but, I’ll be there soon. Have you called an ambulance? Do you think she needs one?”

“I don’t know,” Matilda said. She had been debating calling for one for the last hour, and if Mrs. Rodgers hadn’t picked up, she probably would have called, but she knew something about their living situation was complicated. She didn’t want to put Miss Honey at risk just because she was too dumb to know what was and wasn’t an emergency.

“I’m coming, just hang in there.”

Matilda was pacing the floor by the time Mrs. Rodgers arrived. Jenny’s breathing was getting shallower, and she wasn’t responding in anything but quiet moans. Matilda’s jaw was beginning to ache, but she wasn’t sure if that was because she was grinding her teeth, or had something to do with Matilda feeling Jenny’s pain.

She opened the door wide for Mrs. Rodgers before she had even approached the door. Matilda eagerly beckoned her in.

“Thank you! Thank you for coming! I don’t know what to do anymore!” All she had managed to do at this point was wipe her down with cold, wet rags and listen to her breathing turn more ragged. Matilda had thrown a sheet over her to cover her body after pulling the blankets off her, but she didn’t have the time or the energy to dress her.

“Well, let's see where her temperatures at.” Matilda watched as she pulled a thermometer out of her bag. “Hopefully it’s not as high as you think.” Matilda hoped so, too. “Jennifer, can you hear me? It’s Mrs. Rodgers from school.” Miss Honey weakly opened her eyes, but didn’t say anything. “Matilda called me, she’s worried about you.” Miss Honey blinked in acknowledgement before closing her eyes again and rubbing her jaw. It was right where Matilda’s hand was on hers. “I’m going to take your temperature.”

Matilda held her breath and waited for the beep. Mrs. Rodgers pulled it out and looked down at. Matilda could see her face fall.

“Go ahead and call that ambulance now, Matilda.”

###

Everything seemed to happen in a blur. Their tiny apartment was full of paramedics asking questions, and yelling vitals. Matilda could see an oxygen mask being secured around Miss Honey’s face. Matilda was starting to cry again, but she didn’t care. She followed them out of the studio as they wheeled Miss Honey out on a gurney. Matilda stopped when she felt Mrs. Rodgers grab her hand.

“Come with me in my care, we’ll meet them at the hospital.” Matilda looked back at the ambulance, she wanted to stay with Miss Honey. “Please, I’d like to talk to you about something.”

Matilda followed her to her car, giving one last glance behind her, before climbing into the passenger's side.

“What were all those scars on her body? Do you know?” Matilda nodded, but didn’t reply. It wasn’t her secret to tell. “It’s important, the paramedics need to know.” Matilda bit her lip.

“Cigar burns.” Matilda said softly. “She was abused as a child.” She heard Miss Rodgers suck in a breath before beating the steering wheel with a fist. Matilda jumped and stared at her.

“It was her, wasn’t it.” She said it in an accusatory tone instead of a question, but Matilda nodded her head. They sat in silence for some time, before Mrs. Rodgers started the car. “You did the right thing, calling for help.”

“I was afraid no one would come. I was so scared. She looked like she was hav-having a a a f-f-fit.” Matilda hid her face in her arm and learned against the window.

Please be okay, Jenny, Please. You’re the only family I have.

*060*2022-01-25 18:25

Matilda couldn’t believe what she was hearing. No! No! No!

“Let me see her!” She begged. Mrs. Rodgers had her by the arms, but no matter how much she threw her weight and thrashed against her, Mrs. Rodgers wouldn’t let go.

“Matilda, you need to calm down!” Mrs. Rodgers said, but Matilda wasn’t having it. “They don’t know anything yet for sure!”

She could barely make out the doctor standing in front of her through her tears.

“We’re still running tests, but we’ll let you know as soon as we find anything. Once she’s out of radiology, and get her settled into a room, then you can see her for a few minutes before visiting hours are over.”

Visiting hours! She wasn’t leaving Miss Honey here by herself!

“Thank you, doctor.” Matilda felt herself get pulled back over to the chairs. “They don’t know for sure.” Mrs. Rodgers said again.

“But I know!” Matilda cried. How had she not noticed the infected cuts? She had so busy looking at the scars, she hadn’t noticed the cuts! As soon as the doctor had asked if she had been around rusty metal, the realization hit her like a ton of bricks. The Chokey! The night she had been so late picking her up from Hortensia’s.

“Matilda, how could you possibly know? He only said they were checking for Tetanus, it doesn’t mean she has it. He said it could be any number of things.”

“B-but-but I felt it!” Matilda said. “In my throat, and she was pointing at it and-”

“Shh, Matilda, you’re not making any sense. I know you’re worried, but Miss Honey is going to be fine.”

“It could kill her!”

“They don’t know if it was even metal that cut her. For all we know, it could be totally unrelated. They’ve already given her a booster shot just in case.”

“She was late! Miss Trunchbull must have had her in the Chokey, and she got cut!”

“I promise you, Miss Honey was not in the Chokey, she was with me all night.” Mrs. Rodgers said. “The Trunchbull made all the staff sit through a lecture after school let out. We walked off the grounds together. Now, Miss Honey loves to tell me how smart you are. I’m sure you know just how rare Tetanus is, don’t you?”

It was true, but, Matilda had been so sure she had felt pain in her jaw. It was a classic symptom, wasn’t it? She tried to remember what she had read about it in the library after she had gotten all her vaccinations caught up. Was it Tetanus that caused jaundice, or was that Hepatitis? She let her face fall into her hands. She couldn’t remember! Her brain felt so fuzzy!

Even if she was having jaw pain, why did that mean Miss Honey was too? She knew something strange was happening to her. She had been feeling all these complex and foreign things for days leading up to this, and she hadn’t understood why until today. Maybe they weren’t Matilda’s feelings at all. They had been Miss Honey’s. They had been so strong when they were lying next to each other, Matilda wondered why she hadn’t noticed before.

How do you always know?

Perhaps it wasn’t only Matilda who had wanted to cuddle last night? Hadn’t Miss Honey admitted she had needed it as well? The sudden urge had overwhelmed Matilda. It was as if she had needed Jenny’s affection like she needed air. Was it because Miss Honey’s complex adult emotions had overwhelmed her? The self loathing. The fear. Feelings of inadequacy, of guilt, of loneliness, of shame. How could one person feel all that? Perhaps that’s why Matilda only noticed it today? Pain was something she could pinpoint. She understood nausea, and headaches, and a full bladder.

Matilda nearly jumped when she heard the door swing open.

“She’s in room 408 if you’d like to come back now.”

Matilda’s heart began to flutter inside her chest. She could feel the sweat forming on her palms. She had been bound and determined to break down the door a mere ten minutes ago, and now as she made her way down the hall, she felt terrified. What was this? Another foreign feeling. She was right outside the door now. She swallowed nervously. It was guilt.

Matilda craned her neck around the door frame, afraid of what she might see. What if she was hooked up to a breathing tube? Or an iron lung? Was she conscious? Would she recognize Matilda, or was she delirious from fever?

Relief rushed over her as she met Miss Honey’s eyes. She practically sprinted to her bedside. She was awake, and sitting up, and even eating Jello!

“Matilda, no, don’t! Give her some space!” Mrs. Rodgers said from behind her.

“No, she’s fine.” Jenny said with a croak. She patted the small space on the bed next to her that Matilda had already begun to scale. “C’mere, darling.” There was that longing again. Was it hers? Jenny’s? A bit of both? They wrapped their arms around each other as they rocked side to side. “I’m okay, sweetie, really. It’s all thanks to you.”

“I didn’t do anything.” Matilda mumbled into Miss Honey’s shoulder.

“Yes you did! You were right there by my side all day, and you were so attentive, you even noticed I wasn’t getting better and called for help. The doctor said if I hadn’t come to the hospital when I did, I could have had brain damage from the high fever.” Matilda shuddered. “I’m okay though. They were able to break it, and they’re giving me antibiotics and fluids. They just want to keep me here for observation.”

“Was it from metal?” Matilda asked. She pointed at the bandage on Jenny’s collarbone.

“No, it wasn’t metal.” Jenny said with a weak smile, “You want to know what it was from?” Matilda nodded, eyes wide. “It was from that darn cat your dear friend Hortensia put in the Trunchbull’s office on Tuesday. It scratched me when I picked him up to put him outside. I didn’t clean it well enough, and it got infected.” Matilda frowned, That couldn’t be it.

“What else?” Matilda demanded. Jenny sighed and ran her hand through Matilda’s hair.

“Can’t hide anything from you, can I? Now, I don’t want you to worry, bu- ”

“Jenny! What is it?”

“We have cupboard spiders.” Matilda blinked.

“What? Spiders?” There it was again, the guilt.

“I saw a couple the other day, but I didn’t want to scare you. I was going to go back and kill them once you fell asleep, but then I forgot about them. Looks like one of them found me last night and got me right under my jaw. I had a bad reaction, and It made my throat swell up.” Matilda looked up and noticed a bandage under her jaw line, right where Matilda had been feeling pain. She couldn’t help but laugh from relief. She hugged Jenny again, but much tighter. A spider bite? Really?

“You scared me nearly to death thinking you had Tetanus!”

“Why on earth would you think I had Tetanus?”

“Because of the jaw pain! And the stomach contractions, and the fever!” Matilda could feel Miss Honey pull away from her and stare.

“How? What? I never told you about the contractions and jaw pain.”

“Because I felt it.” Matilda whispered. “I can’t explain it; I just knew.”

“The bucket.” Jenny said quietly, her eyes growing wide. “It was always ready. You weren’t making it stay up the whole time?”

Matilda shook her head. “Three minutes is my limit. I just sort of knew when you were going to need it and got it ready.”

“Matilda, that’s not possible, how could you-” Miss Honey started to say, but stopped as she realized what she was saying. How could you tell a girl who could move objects with her mind what was and wasn’t possible?

“I’m sorry, but visiting hours are over.” A male voice said. Matilda turned to stare at him and then back to Miss Honey.

“C’mon, Matilda, say goodnight and let Jenny get some rest.” Mrs. Rodgers said, getting up from her chair.

No! Not yet! A feeling of panic was rising in her. “Can’t I stay here with my mom?”

“Don’t you want to have a sleepover with Hortensia? I’m sure the two of you can get into all sorts of fun trouble together.” Mrs Rodgers said.

Matilda shook her head and looked at the nurse with pleading eyes.

“You’re allowed one family member to stay, but that’s up to your mom.” he said. Matilda felt Jenny take her hand and give it a gentle squeeze.

“She can stay if she likes.” Jenny said, before giving her a warm smile. “Thank you.” she whispered in Matilda’s ear before kissing her forehead. “I didn’t really want to be alone.”

“I know.”

###

Jenny was both astonished and slightly disturbed at the knowledge that Matilda had developed the ability to peek inside her mind. Well, it’s a damn good thing I don’t have a sex drive, Jenny thought to herself. She could feel her face begin to burn at the “what if,” scenario that teased her mind. Her near constant isolation from the adult world had really been a blessing in disguise. The last thing she needed to do was get “turned on” and have Matilda start asking questions about a new sensation she didn’t understand. Well, that would make two of them.

She glanced at Matilda, asleep on the couch, and smiled. She was covered in a thin hospital blanket and appeared to be dead to the world. Matilda had slept through almost every time a nurse had stopped in to check her vitals, only raising her head for the briefest second when Jenny had been helped out of bed and led to the restroom. Poor thing must have been exhausted if she could stay asleep through all the beeping and commotion of the surrounding room.

“Hello, Miss Jennifer, how are you feeling?’ she opened her eyes to find the nurse from before standing over her and, Jenny gulped, two uniformed police officers. What? Why? Was this about her having Matilda? Her eyes shot back to the girl as she tried her best to swallow her panic. I haven’t done anything wrong.

“The pain medicine is wearing off.” she answered truthfully. She tried to give the nurse her full attention, but her eyes kept wearily shooting to the officers.

“I’ll have them bring you something else for the pain, but in the meantime, these officers would like to speak to you regarding your living situation.” Jenny felt her heart drop. No! She wouldn’t let them take her!

“Hello, Jennifer, is it?” Miss Honey slowly nodded her head, eyes wide in panic. “My name is Anthony Jameson, and this is my partner, Rebecca Hastings. We have a few questions for you, we were hoping you wouldn’t mind answering for us.” Miss Honey cringed a bit. His voice was loud and carried in the quiet hospital room. She put her fingers to her lips and pointed at the covered lump on the couch. “Ah, sorry,” He said, before lowering his voice. “We received a call tonight regarding a possible domestic abuse situation, and we’re just here doing a wellness check.” Hiss Honey stared at him for a moment in confusion. Domestic abuse? She wasn’t even, or had ever, been in a relationship.

“N-no?” Jenny answered. If this wasn’t about them taking Matilda, then what was it about? “I’m a bit confused, sorry.”

“It’s okay. There was some concern raised over the marks on your body. We were called to make sure that you and your child were in a safe situation and offer some assistance if needed.”

“O-oh, oh no,” Jenny said in a relieved sigh, “Those aren’t from a partner.”

“Yes, the caller said something about a family member, your aunt? Or your boss?” Miss Honey’s face fell.

“N-no, those, those are from my childhood.” She stuttered out. “I-ts nothing, just an accident.”

“Don’t lie.” Jenny heard coming from the side. She paled as Matilda sat up. “That’s no accident! The Trunchbull did that to you!”

“Matilda, please.” Jenny said in a panic. She turned back to the officers. “Everything’s fine, really, it’s from a long time ago and-”

“Ma’m, is this person still in your life?”

“Well, yes, she’s my boss at the school, but like I said, it was a long time ago.” Jenny said, her voice rising with panic with every syllable.

Jenny could see the female officer scowl. “You’re not talking about Agatha Trunchbull from that school over on Churchill street, are you?”

“Umm, y-yes.”

“We’ve had multiple reports and complaints about her over the years and-”

“Then why hasn’t anyone done anything?!” Matilda nearly shouted. Everyone turned to look at her. “She terrorizes everyone! She hurts the kids, throws people out of windows! I saw her throw a girl over the fence by her hair, and she’s stolen all of Jenny’s money!” Jenny could see tears running down Matilda’s face. “All the adults are cowards! Why won’t anyone do anything?”

Jenny could see the female officer's shoulders slump. “We get reports, but when it’s time to press charges, we think she gets to them first. Either bribes or threatens them to stay silent. It’s not as easy as it sounds, unfortunately, facing the ones who hurt us.” The officer met Jenny’s eyes and nodded in understanding, but that seemed to make Matilda even more furious.

“That’s what I mean, though!” Matilda said, “Everyone is so scared to face her, so they do nothing! And that’s why it keeps happening! Again and again! She knows she can get away with it! If even one person had stopped thinking about themselves and stood up, then maybe the person after would have been spared!”

The female officer gently placed a hand on Matilda’s head. “You’re a very smart little girl.”

“Which brings us to our visit.” The other officer said. He produced a piece of paper and a pen and set it on the tray in front of Jenny. “We need your help, please give us your statement. It starts with one person.”

Miss Honey let out a choked sob. “I-I can’t. I’m sorry, but I can’t!”

###

Matilda sank into the couch in stunned silence. Why? Why? Why? Why? She felt like she had just been punched in the gut. The adults are cowards. Every. Single. One. Of. Them.

They were Hortensia’s words, and she had been silently fighting against them for days. Miss Honey was different! Miss Honey would protect them. Miss Honey loved her. Miss Honey was…Miss Honey was…just like the rest of them.

No! No! No! No!

“Please,” the male officer said, sliding his card on the table. ”Think about it and call us if you change your mind.”

Jennifer said nothing.

“Hey,” Matilda heard. She looked up and saw the female officer looking down at her. “Don’t be hard on your mom. It’s not easy, you understand?” Matilda could feel the terror and helplessness coming from Jenny, but it was held back with her own rage, frustration, and, hurt? There was a deep ache inside of Matilda. She didn’t want to give it a name, because if she did, she would have to face the fact that Jenny, her Jenny, was making her feel…betrayed. Silent tears streamed down her face. “You’ll understand when you’re older.”

You know it's more complicated than that. Life wasn't a story where everything always worked out in the end. There was no hero to swoop in to save the day. Reality wasn't a book where everyone got a happy ending, and good triumphed over evil. It was time to face the facts; she had been living in a fantasy world. Why had she assumed a woman as beaten down and broken as Jenny could somehow face all her fears just for her? Matilda was angry, not at Jenny really, but at herself. When had she lost touch with reality?

Matilda sat silently on the couch and watched the officers go. Once the room had emptied, and it was just the two of them alone again, Matilda felt the full force of Miss Honey's emotions. It was as if all the air had been sucked from the room. It hurt to breathe. Matilda looked down at her hands and found them trembling. She looked up at the woman who sat on the bed with her head in her arms on the tray, sobbing. Matilda couldn't stay mad, Jenny was filled with enough self loathing for the both of them. Matilda climbed back up onto her bed, squeezing in between the tray and Jenny.

"I'm sorry, Matilda, I'm so sorry!" Miss Honey choked out. "How did I ever think I could be someone you could rely on?"

"It doesn't change anything." Matilda said. She was relieved to find it felt true. "I still love you," she said, before adding, "mom." Matilda blinked in surprise. Mom? Miss Honey hadn't looked up, but she could tell she had stopped crying.

"Why now? When I feel like the furthest thing from it." Matilda herself was trying to understand it.

Why now of all times did it suddenly feel natural?

"Because I think before, it felt too much like a fairy tale. Like I would wake up one day and find myself back with the Wormwoods. You were perfect, and everything I had ever wanted, and I think I knew deep down it wasn't real. I feel like I'm seeing you for the first time as a human."

"This is the real me, Matilda. A selfish, lowly coward."

Matilda put her arms around Jenny and rested her head in the crook of her neck and shoulder. "I still choose you, mom."

She felt a pair of arms slowly wrap around her. There, in the seemingly endless darkness and turmoil, she could feel the tiniest spark of hope ignite, like a lighthouse that had stood empty for years had finally been lit, signaling the way home. Matilda didn't know who was the lighthouse and who was the ship lost at sea, but she could feel the storm ever so slowly begin to ebb away, and for now, that was all that mattered.

"I love you so much, Matilda."

"I love you too, mom."

And as Matilda drifted to sleep in her favorite place of all, a thought crept into her mind. She smiled mischievously in the dark. Spiders, huh? I wonder how Miss Trunchbull feels about spiders.

*064*2022-02-10 16:54

It had taken quite a bit of prying on Matilda’s part to get Jenny to tell her where exactly she had seen spiders in the apartment. At first Jenny had been reluctant to tell her and Matilda couldn’t understand why. She worried their link went both ways, and Jenny could feel the need for revenge seeping from her pores, but when Jenny admitted it was because she didn’t want Matilda to be afraid, she breathed a sigh of relief.

“In the bathroom, behind the toilet.” She finally admitted. Now Matilda understood why Jenny didn’t want to tell her. There was something unnerving about needing to keep an eye out for creepy crawlies with your pants around your ankles. It was a good thing she wasn’t afraid of spiders; it was things that flew, Matilda couldn’t stand. Now, if Miss Honey had told her she had seen a wasp in the bathroom, she would also be peeing in the trashcan and levitating it to the toilet.

“Are you sure they aren’t in the cupboard? They are called ‘cupboard spiders’ after all.” Hortensia said. They were both armed with flashlights and were searching the studio for spiders. They had come under the pretense of collecting Matilda’s things, since she would be staying at Hortensia’s until Jenny was released from the hospital, but they had finished packing ten minutes ago.

“They're called False Widows, actually.” Matilda called from the bathroom. She had looked behind the toilet, but she hadn’t seen any. There were none in the shower, or any corner of the bathroom she could see. Hortensia had been on board with the idea of unleashing a horde of poisonous spiders on the Trunchbull in theory, but when it came time to actually searching, she seemed more than a little reluctant. She looked like she’d rather be anywhere than in the small confines of a room with a history of sending a grown adult to the hospital.

“Well, I’m not seeing any.” Hortensia said, not a hint of disappointment in her voice. “Are you sure she even got bit here?”

“Have you looked under the bed?” Matilda picked up the bathmat and shook it out, followed by the towels hanging on the rack. Nothing.

If I was a spider, where would I be? Somewhere dark…somewhere like… Matilda’s eyes rested on the cabinet sitting on the floor next to the sink. Somewhere like under there! She got down on her hands and knees and shone the flashlight into the small gap underneath. Her stomach rolled. She wasn’t afraid of spiders, they were useful and interesting, but ugh! She hadn’t expected to come face to face with one so large.

“Hortensia! I need your help.” Matilda said, getting off the ground and making her way to the kitchen. She needed something to catch it in. She grabbed an empty water bottle off the counter before pulling out a knife. Matilda’s hands were too small to hold comfortably without risking injury, so made the blade levitate and begin sawing through the plastic. Once the top neck was removed, leaving a bit enough opening to rehome her new little friend, she turned to Hortensia. “I need you to pick up the cabinet in the bathroom, and I’ll catch whatever comes out.”

Hortensia did not look too keen on this idea. Her eyes darted in panic around the room.

“Unless, of course, you’re afraid.” Matilda added, with a raise of her eyebrows. “I’m sure the other kids in my class would love to hear how the big, tough girl in top form needed a runt in the bottom to catch a itty bitty spider for her.” Matilda batted her eyelashes at her.

“I’m not afraid.” Hortensia grumbled, sounding entirely unconvincing as she eyed the bathroom wearily. “I’m just wondering what you need me for? Why can’t you just use your powers?”

“Because every hero needs a sidekick.” Matilda said with a grin. Hortensia scowled and muttered something under her breath before reluctantly following the smaller girl into the bathroom. “On the count of three.” Matilda instructed, before taking a deep breath herself. “One, two, three!”

Hortensia lifted the cabinet as Matilda used her powers to pull anything and everything into the bottle. She waved her arm out and then back in like the lever on an arcade game as if she was trying to knock a prize down into a door, but instead of tickets, she managed to scoop up dust, cobwebs, a Q-tip, one fake fingernail, a cotton ball and finally two spiders. They were massive, hideous things with large butts and long legs. She placed a washcloth over the lid and tied it down with one of Jenny’s hair ties.

“I’m done, you can put it back down.” Matilda said. Hortensia let the cupboard crash back down to the floor and let out an exaggerated sigh. They both stared at the contents of the bottle. One of the spiders was desperately trying to claw its way out to freedom, while the other seemed content to hang out with the cotton ball and other debris at the bottom. With that done, the girls grabbed Matilda’s things and headed out of the apartment, but not before Matilda muttered, “You’re not a sidekick to me.”

………

Jenny flinched awake when she heard knocking on the hospital door, before a tall woman in heels wearing a business suit and a name tag which read Michelle Calver, L.S.W. strode in. A social worker? What was a social worker doing here? Was she here about Matilda?

The woman introduced herself and pulled up a chair next to Miss Honey’s bed. Jennifer could feel her heart begin to pound with anticipation and unease. She took her pillow and hugged it to her chest.

“Do you have a moment to talk?” Michelle asked. Well, Jennifer couldn’t exactly say she was busy, could she? She nodded her head, gripping the pillow tighter. She felt so small, fragile, and powerless being in the hospital, and she hated it. Between the nightmares of her past and everyone passing her around to poke and prod, she no longer felt like the 23-year-old grown woman, but one of the wide-eyed and fearful children on their first day of school. Could she really even call herself an adult? What kind of adult didn’t even have enough money to have a bank account? And worse, what kind of adult needed to hide behind a pillow?

Jennifer set the pillow aside and tried her best to straighten up and seem confident. As confident as someone who couldn’t make eye contact with anyone over 5 feet anyway.

“As I was saying, my name is Michelle, and I’ve been assigned to your case.”

“My case?”

“Yes, you’ve been flagged as a victim of abuse.” Jenifer quickly changed her mind. She needed that pillow after all.

“O-oh, that. I-it was such a long time ago, really. It’s nothing to be concerned about.” Jennifer could tell the woman didn’t seem to believe her. She kept going on about getting her checked in with a local therapist. Jennifer had spent years not being able to afford to feed herself, how did anyone expect her to afford therapy? “T-that’s a bit out of my budget.” She admitted.

“Oh, no! It wouldn’t cost you anything. There’s a fund for victims of abuse that would cover any costs.”

“Th-thank you, but there really is no need.” Jennifer said through a forced smile. The last thing she wanted to do was rip open the box she kept all these dark memories sealed within herself.

“What do you do for a living, Jennifer?” Miss Honey blinked, taken off guard by the sudden change of subject.

“I’m a year one primary teacher.”

“Oh,” Michelle said. “Do you like working with the little ones?”

Jennifer smiled for real this time. “Yes, very much. I find their energy and innocence endearing.”

“I’d like to reverse the roles for a moment. I’d like you to take a test for me.” Michelle opened a manila envelope on her lap and slid a piece of paper towards Jennifer. “Don’t overthink the questions, just go with your first impulse, and this is very important, don’t lie.”

Jennifer looked down at the test. It was thirty questions related to her mood and energy level, and she needed to answer them with a scaled number ranging from 0-5, zero being not at all and 5 being all the time. She picked up a pencil that had been on her tray and began.

In the last month have…

You often find yourself on guard and easily startled.

You often have nightmares

Have feelings of excessive guilt or shame

Some questions seemed to describe her perfectly, and she had to give high scores, while others seemed to be as far off as possible. Questions like…

18. People often say you have a drinking problem.

19. Do you frequently feel guilty or ashamed by how many you drinks you consume in a day?

20. You feel your drinking is out of control.

And some that were just a mix of yes and no.

When she had finished, she slid the paper over without a word and sat awkwardly by as Michelle graded it. She examined her finger nails and the surrounded room and anywhere else that wasn’t at the stranger in front of her. She felt completely cornered sitting here in the bed with no escape.

“Jennifer,” Michelle said, looking up from the test. Jennifer grimaced. She didn’t like the serious sounding way the lady had said her name. “It’s clear to me that you are not fine. According to this, your Post Traumatic Stress Disorder score is nearly at the top. You also have high levels of depression and anxiety. Jennifer remained silent. “What if a child in your class had visible injuries, and was clearly struggling with internal turmoil? Would you convince them not to seek help?”

Jennifer's head shot forward, and she met the woman’s eye’s for the first time. “No! Of course not! I would absolutely encourage them to seek help! I’d help them if I could!”

“So then, why is it okay for a child to seek help when they need it, but not you?”

Jennifer stumbled over her words for a bit. “I’m not a child, though. I’m a grown adult and-”

“Age makes no difference. Do you think you’re supposed to have your life together just because you turned 18? You can’t possibly expect your self to go through trauma at a young age, or any age really, and expect you’ll be fine just because it's over. Adults need help all the time, and that’s fine. My whole career is based on helping people in your situation. This position wouldn’t exist if there wasn’t many people experiencing something similar. You’re not alone. ”

“I-I suppose.” Jennifer mumbled.

“I’ll tell you what, let’s do a little exercise tonight.” She brought out a few sheets of blank paper. “Tonight, when you’re alone. Write down your story; you don’t have to show anyone. You can rip it up and throw it away as soon as you’re done, but just focus on how you feel after getting it out, and if it makes you feel any better, maybe reconsider therapy.”

That was how Jennifer Honey spent her night. She was very hesitant at first, but she lifted the lid on the box ever so slowly, letting only the smallest and most insignificant details out as she channeled them through her fingers and onto the paper. It was small things at first, the frustrations of being treated like a servant, but the more she wrote, the more she allowed the darker memories to come forth. The physical and verbal abuse, the threats of her body being sold to the highest bidder, the chokey, her face getting shoved into urine soaked sheets, the constant shame, the hopelessness, the contract, the burns, her escape, and finally, the first glimmer of light she had seen in her life, the day Matilda had walked into her classroom.

Jennifer stared in stunned silence when she realized she had nothing left to write on. She had filled all the pages front and back with her careful, tiny, neat penmanship. Had she really admitted to all of that? The lid was off Pandora’s box now, and yet, she wasn’t cowering in fear. Instead, she felt somewhat at peace as she looked at the pages scattered across the tray. She knew she was going to throw them away and shove everything back in the box, but before she did, she had a strange compulsion. It still felt slightly incomplete, so she signed her name at the bottom. There, it was finished!

A wave of exhaustion took over, and she let herself close her eyes. Therapy, huh? Maybe, just maybe, she could…

*065*2022-03-26 03:17

Matilda had been transfixed watching her new “pets” in their cage. Hortensia had been more excited about planting them, than watching them crawl about.

“This one’s Charlotte.” Matilda said, pointing to the less energetic one towards the bottom. It seemed content, cozying up on its new bed of cotton. “You know, like from Charlotte’s Web.”

“You’re naming them?” Hortensia said with a shudder from her place on the bed, comic book held in hand in the air above her head.

“Hmm, I don’t know any other famous spiders. What should we call this one?”

“Peter Porker.”

“Peter…Porker?” Matilda asked. “Like Parker from Spider-Man?” She knew a lot about literature, but comic books were in short supply in their little town's library, although she had read what little they had.

“Kind of, it’s a spin off. See?” Hortensia held up what she was reading. “Marvel Tales Starring Peter Porker, the Spectacular Spider-Ham.” she read off.

Matilda grinned. “Is that a pig?”

“Yeah, see, it’s about a spider that gets bit by a radio active pig. Except, it will be the other way, we’ll be sending a spider to bite the pig.”

“Perter Porker it is.” Matilda said with a chuckle. “Hear that, you’ve got an important job to do.” She said to the spider. “With great power comes great responsibility.”

They went back and forth trying to figure out what to do with them. Should they go into her office or in her restroom? Hortensia wanted to use one for when the Trunchbull taught her class lessons, but they didn’t think they would live that long. They settled on tomorrow, when Matilda would go back to school. She’d put one on the inside handle of the water jug, during morning assembly, and use her powers to make it chase her around the stage in front of the school. No one would think anything supernatural about a spider floating around in the air, since it could swing on a web.

“I don’t care if I’m suspended, I’m sneaking in to watch.” Hortensia said eagerly. “I’ll sit in the back.” She was so excited, she was practically squirming. “Hold that thought, I’ll be right back.” She got up from the bed, and bounded down the hall, only to return a few seconds later. “Ugh, moms been in there all weekend!”

“Been where?” Matilda asked while setting her pets back in her backpack.

“The bathroom!” Hortensia grumbled. “She even made me pee in the backyard this afternoon. Damn, country bumpkin.”

Matilda gave her a sympathetic smile, “It was the sink for me when you were hogging it the other day. Your weird neighbor kept watching me in the backyard.”

Hortensia scowled at the mention of him. “He left with his boat yesterday, thankfully.”

“Are you really going to sneak in the school? If the Trunchbull catches you, she’ll put you in the Chokey, then you’ll wish you had a backyard to pee in.” Matilda said.

“It doesn’t stop me.” Hortensia said with a mischievous grin. “I just pee on the floor.” Matilda’s jaw nearly dropped.

“You just go in your pants?” Matilda asked. She wrinkled her nose at the thought of doing it on purpose. On accident was bad enough.

“On the days she leaves you in there all day, it’s going to happen eventually. She does it on purpose, so you’ll squirm around and cut yourself up more. It’s miserable. I found out the hard way my first few times in there, I came out so scratched up and bloody, and I was even miserable for days after until they all healed. It’s not so bad if you don’t fight it, though. And it’s not like I go in my pants, why do you think I wear skirts to school? All I have to do is pull my underwear to the side.”

That actually made sense, Matilda thought. Hortensia was much larger than she was, so if she tried to move around in there, she’d get scratched to bits.

“Doesn’t she get mad though?” Matilda asked. “And wouldn’t it get all over your legs and shoes?”

“Meh, it dries by the time she lets you out anyway. It’s better than the alternative, plus you get the bonus of making her office smell like piss.” Matilda chuckled at the thought. She had never thought of using that as a weapon.

“Ugh, could you imagine if one of us had been in there when we were sick?” Matilda asked. Just the thought of it made her stomach turn.

“She wouldn’t be able to step foot in her office for like a week! Although, to be fair, I think I’ll just stick to throwing stink bombs underneath her desk. I pity the kid who’d have to get stuck in there after.” She got up again and went to her closet. “See, I wear the hard shoes, so I just wipe them and my legs off with a wet paper towel, but I guess in your case you could just wear a diaper.”

“Eww, no, I’m not wearing a diaper to school.” Matilda said. “I hate having accidents, and doing it on purpose.” she scrunched up her face. “It rubs against your skin and makes it all raw. Show me how you do that thing with your skirt.”

Hortensia scrunched her face up before sighing. “Fine, since it looks like I’m stuck going in the backyard anyway, come on.” She kicked off her shorts and picked up a school skirt off the floor.

Matilda was about to protest. She had only meant for her to go through the motions, but was Hortensia actually going to SHOW HER show her? Matilda silently followed her outback. She’d probably just do the motions and tell her to go back inside, so she could squat.

“I’m only going to do this once, got it?” Hortensia said, coming to a stop in the grass. Matilda nodded and watched. “Let’s say this space is The Chokey,” she took her foot and dragged it along marking the perimeter. You’ve got maybe a foot to spread your legs apart, more for you since you’re small.” She stood in position. “Then you just reach up your skirt or dress, pull the fabric aside and just…”

Matilda’s eyes nearly bugged out of her head. Hortensia was actually… she was actually… peeing. How brazen! This girl had serious nerves of steel! Matilda wanted to look away out of politeness, but she was too transfixed and curious. It really wasn’t getting on her skirt at all as far as she could tell. She watched in stun silence as it trickled between her feet and into the grass.

“Obviously, your shoes will get a bit wet with it bouncing off the concrete instead of the grass, but yeah.” Hortensia explained, once she had finished.

“R-right.” Matilda muttered.

“Now you do it.” Hortensia said stepping back on the concrete.

“What!? Uh, no i’m fine!” Matilda said quickly. “I-I don’t have too.” she lied. She had been just as disappointed as Hortensia was to learn Eve was still in the bathroom.

“You’re the one who wanted a demonstration, and now you have to try it.” Hortensia insisted. She was smirking down at Matilda, whose face was turning a shade darker with every passing second.

“I didn’t mean to actually do it in front of me!” Matilda argued back.

“But you certainly weren’t opposed to watching.” Matilda felt a hand push her towards the grass. “Go on, do it already, you were squirming more than I was upstairs.” Matilda scowled. Was she really that obvious?

"Practice makes perfect, and what better place to practice than in the grass." Hortensia said.

"Umm, being alone?" Matilda said, walking towards the lawn. She stood in the grass, shifting from foot to foot. Her heart was hammering. She wanted to laugh at how ridiculous this was. Why was she even contemplating doing this? In front of someone no less! But the thought also gave her a little thrill, just like when she poured peroxide in her fathers' hair tonic. It felt a bit naughty She locked eyes with Hortensia who was trying, quite poorly, to hide the large smirk on her face. Matilda gulped, and spread her feet apart.

"Not that wide, there isn't that much room." Hortensia said. "Yeah, like that." She said, once Matilda had brought her legs closer together. Matilda frowned, she was sure Hortensia's legs were more spread out than this. She looked down at the half foot she had to work with. The urge was growing too strong to keep procrastinating. She reached up underneath her dress and pulled her underwear to the side with a feeling of resignment. She knew she wasn't getting out of this. Matilda tried in vain to block out the fact that eyes were on her and gave in.

No! No! Why was it running down her leg? She could hear Hortensia beginning to snicker.

"Move your hips forward." She tried, but still no luck. Hortensia's laughter began to grow, until they both heard the patio door slide open.

"What are you girls up to?" a very tired looking Eve asked. Matilda jumped and released her underwear, while her legs and arms sprang back into position. Only, she couldn't stop peeing, no matter how tightly she tried to clamp down. Warm urine flooded her underwear and began to streak down both sides of her legs now. She tried to hide the look of panic on her face and appear nonchalant, hoping Eve wouldn't know what was happening.

"Nothing, Ma." Hortensia said, but she was nearly rolling on the concrete from laughing. Matilda couldn't hide the look of guilt that plagued her features. She could feel her face begin to burn and watched in horror as Eve's eyes went from her face, before slowly making their way down her legs.

"For heaven's sake, Matilda! Do I need to get more diapers for you? I'm getting sick of this, you had the whole backyard, and you still went in your pants! Every time I turn my back you've either pissed or shit yourself. I thought you were five!" Hortensia had stopped laughing now. She stared at her mom, a crease now present in her forehead.

"Jeez, Ma, layoff." Hortensia said, shooting a worried glance towards Matilda, who now instead of embarrassed, looked furious.

"Do you pull this kind of shit at school? Does Jenny have to stop class and wipe your bottom after every lesson!"

"Ma!" Hortensia yelled, now looking panicked. Cracks were beginning to form on the sliding glass door. Matilda's eyes were burning, not with tears, but with power.

"Honestly, you've been nothing but trouble since you got here. I don't know how Jenny puts up with you." She turned to go back in the house, but froze when she noticed the door. "What the hell happened to my door?

"Ma! Get down!" Hortensia charged and knocked Eve down to the ground with Hortensia on top of her. "What the hell did you do that for, get off of m-"just then, the glass door exploded with a loud bang as shards of glass torpedoed inside and out. Matilda winced as shards of glass began to serrate her arms, legs and face. She felt one come dangerously close to her eye before she came to her senses and raised her arms to protect herself.

"I think someone's shooting at us! Get inside, both of you!" Matilda silently followed Eve and Hortensia, her accident now forgotten, and as tried to tiptoe around the glass on her bare feet. "Oh, I bet it's that creep from next door!" Matilda saw Hortensia turn around and put a finger to her lips.

"Yeah," Hortensia said. "That's why I told Matilda to pee around her underwear in case he was watching, but you came out and surprised her, so she let go. She didn't do it on purpose! Why'd you go and yell at her like that! Just because you're sick, doesn't mean you can take it out on us and-" Hortensia winced as she learned against the wall. "Oww, my back."

"Lift your shirt, let me see." Eve said, ignoring her speech. Matilda felt relieved Hortensia had stuck up for her, even if she had fudged the truth to get herself out of trouble too. Then there was the issue with the door. Matilda couldn't believe she had lost control of her powers like that! Eve could have died if Hortensia hadn't reacted in time. She was grateful Hortensia wasn't accusing her of trying to kill her mom. Despite the sharp incessant stinging pain all over her, she remained still and quiet, trying not to draw attention to herself despite dripping more blood than urine on the carpet. This was her punishment for losing control of her powers.

"You've got a nice size shard in your back, I'm calling the cops this time, this is the last straw! It's probably those kids with a BB gun again. What about you, Matilda, did any glass get yo-" Her words fell on her lips as she looked at Matilda for the first time.

"Sorry for making a mess." Matilda said through clenched teeth. She was trying as hard as she could not to cry, but the pain of the lacerations was making it too difficult. Once the first tear slid down her face and into an opened wound, any self-control she had was lost.

"Get in the car, girls. We're going to the emergency room."

..

Miss Honey sat in bed, squirming from restlessness. She felt much better now that they had given her various I.v. fluids, some kind of medicine, she couldn't remember which, and was eager to leave. She hated feeling confined against her will, and without a book to read or papers to grade she felt rather bored now. She inwardly groaned when there was a knock at the door. She was a private person, and for private people, hospitals were a special kind of hell.

Miss Honey did her best to give a welcoming smile, although she assumed it looked rather forced by now, as the day nurse popped in.

"Hello, Jennifer," she said. Miss Honey nodded her head in acknowledgement. "I was curious about something and wanted to run it by you, that girl who was in here before. Who is she to you?" Miss Honey frowned. Why did they want to know now? Was Matilda here trying to see her? Her heart leapt with excitement, despite Miss Honey telling her to stay at Hortensia's and not to worry about her.

"My daughter." Miss Honey answered. Not quite true, but she felt more like hers every day. "Why?"

"Can you verify her name for me real quick ma'am?"

"Matilda Wormwood." Miss Honey answered. They hadn't asked this of her last time Matilda had visited.

"I wasn't sure you were aware or not, but she's just been admitted downstairs in the emergency room."

*067*2022-03-28 18:21

Matilda could no longer hide the pain she was in, whether she felt she deserved it or not. There was broken glass in her arms, legs, face, and worst, bottoms of her feet. Quiet tears had been rolling down her eyes in the car on the way to the hospital, but once she had tried to walk across the pavement barefoot, the glass she had stepped on in the kitchen made itself known, and she had left bloody footprints across the white tiled floor of the emergency room. Now staying quiet and suffering in silence had been impossible. Her skin felt as if it was on fire and the fear of the unknown began to take hold. She couldn't imagine the pain she was feeling getting any worse than this, but she had a feeling it could only get worse before it got better.

Would they give kids pain medicine without parental consent?

Matilda tried to think of all the medical and first aid books she had read, but nothing had involved children. Hortensia's mom was up front explaining to triage her version of events. When she was called up front, she had refused to get up from her chair. Her feet were in no shape to walk on, so they had brought her a wheelchair to ride into the back. It looked like Hortensia had stepped in glass too, judging by the way she was limping along. The only person who had been spared was Eve, who had been wearing slippers and a bath robe at the time.

Once they had arrived in the back, after what felt like hours of waiting, Matilda had been led to one bed and Hortensia to another with Eve on her tail. Matilda wasn't sure whether it was to comfort her daughter, or keep her from causing problems, but being left alone weighed heavily on Matilda's shoulders, whether she had wanted Eve there or not. Not more than five minutes ago she wished Eve wasn't here, now that she had left, Matilda felt abandoned.

She hadn't been left alone very long though, when a hospital personnel had stepped inside. They asked lots of questions and Matilda tried her best to answer them through clenched teeth. She was in too much pain for small talk. Next they asked her to get undressed, but her arms hurt too much to lift. The nurse tried to pull Matilda's dress off, but when it came into contact with the first cut, she let out an involuntary scream. Eventually, they had to cut her clothes off and in the process revealed more cuts Matilda hadn't even been aware of, but once she laid eyes on them, they began to sting and burn as much as the others.

If the nurse noticed her clothes were wet, she hadn't said anything. Instead, she tried to cover Matilda with a paper gown, but even that had caused too much pain, so they opted to leave her naked, except for a folded towel they were able to set over her waist. There were so many people in and out, grabbing supplies and asking her questions, she could no longer keep track of who was who.

It wasn’t until she could hear Hortensia begin to howl, swear and scream did Matilda feel true panic begin to set in. She knew she had to do this. Logic and sense told her she couldn’t live with glass inside her, but her flight or fight response told her to make a run for it, naked or not. In the end, logic won out, and she winced and shuddered as someone began to paint her body in orange colored disinfectant.

“We might need to take you to surgery, dear.” the nurse said. Matilda shuddered at the thought, but the nurse went on. “Wouldn’t you rather be asleep while we dig all this out of you?” Yes. Yes she would.

“Wha- ‘bout my fend?” Matilda tried to ask, only to discover she could hardly talk. The nurse shook her head.

“Nah, she was nothing. She’s already done. All that crying you heard? That was just the numbing shot.” Matilda wanted to laugh, but couldn’t. “Something wrong with your mouth?”

“I wit my tong” Matilda said. She must have done it while gritting her teeth when they were applying the disinfectant. She could taste the iron in her mouth. Matilda let drool slide down her face, and wiped it away with the back of her hand. Her saliva was bright red.

“Open your mouth and stick out your tongue.” The nurse said. “Oh my, you sure did. I’m going to go find something for you to put in your mouth, so you can bite down if you need to. Once your tongue swells, you’re going to keep accidentally biting it. Does it hurt? I can give you some oral medicine if it does.” Matilda nodded with gratitude.

She closed her eyes and listened to the surrounding noises. She could still hear Hortensia sniffling, the beeping of machines, someone a few rows over was moaning. Now someone else had come in, wanting an update. Another nurse, but this one looked slightly familiar. She had probably already been in here earlier, and they were starting to all look the same to Matilda. She closed her eyes again, trying to block everything out.

Someone had begun fussing over her, but she kept her eyes shut. Her tongue had really begun to swell, and now she was drooling for real. She felt the nurse gently wipe the side of her face with a washcloth before stroking her head and running their fingers through Matilda’s hair. Whoever this was, they were much more gentle than the others. She was almost enjoying the sensation, as they hummed quietly by her ear.

“Hello? Can I help you?” Matilda heard. Matilda cracked her eyes open briefly to find the nurse from before standing in front of the curtain. “Are you a relative?” There was only silence, but the nurse seemed satisfied. Matilda figured they had flashed their badge and Matilda went back to closing her eyes. Her body seemed to gravitate on its own towards the stranger's soft humming. She found it comforting in the surrounding chaos.

“Now I know this is going to look silly, but it was the only thing I could think of. I had to go up to pediatrics to find something small enough to fit in your mouth. I’ve put some medicine on it to numb your mouth, so keep this in for a good ten-to fifteen minutes. Alright mom? Make sure she keeps it in her mouth.” Mom? Matilda thought confused. She tried craning her neck around, but couldn’t see behind her.

“I’m right here, Matilda.” Her heart leaped. It hadn’t been a nurse humming to her, it had been Miss Honey! She forced herself to turn around despite the pain, and saw Miss Honey sitting in a wheelchair by her side.

Matilda made a sound that was supposed to be, “mom!” but sounded more like a wet sounding gurgle. Miss Honey smiled and wiped at Matilda’s face with the rag.

“We’ll talk later, sweetie.” Miss Honey said softly, running her fingers through Matilda’s hair again. “Lay back down, the nurse has something for you.” Matilda reluctantly turned back around, but before she could even settle, something had been popped into her mouth. She scrunched up her face. It was slimy and covered in some kind of thick gel that tasted like medicine. She moved her hand up to pull it out and examine it, but was immediately stopped.

“Fifteen minutes.” The nurse reminded her. Matilda laid back down staring up at the ceiling, occasionally fiddling, biting, and rolling her tongue on whatever was in her mouth. After a few minutes, her mouth had gone numb. On one hand it was a relief, on the other it only made the drooling worse. It almost felt as if she had forgotten how to swallow and spit seemed to be running freely down both sides of her mouth.

“I’ll be back soon, then you’ll be sedated and taken to surgery. We’re just waiting on the surgeon.” And then she was gone.

“Are you scared?” Miss Honey asked. Matilda nodded her head. Her eyes began to fill with silent tears. “I know it’s scary, but it’s better this way. You don’t want to be awake while they try and fish out everything.”

Matilda understood this, but it didn’t seem to stop the panic from rising inside her with each passing minute. She was going to town on the thing in her mouth, biting, sucking and moving the rubber ball of the gel applicator from one side to the other. It did little to calm her nerves, but it was something to occupy her mind with. Once she was sure 15 minutes were up, she pointed at her mouth.

“If you want to, but you look cute sucking on it.” Miss Honey said with a small smile. Matilda furrowed her eyebrows in confusion, before pulling it out and staring at it. Wait a minute, this wasn’t a medication applicator, this was a… Had she been sucking on this the whole time? This was a pacifier! Matilda dropped it and flinched away as if it was something poisonous. Miss Honey laughed. “It’s just a soother; It won’t hurt you. Besides, it’s not like anyone is going to see you.”

“Jennifer? Is that you?” Matilda frowned. It was Eve. Was Hortensia with her? “Can we come in?”

“Yes, it’s me, but let me come to you. Matilda isn’t decent.” Matilda watched Jenny wheel herself out, before stopping and turning to her. “I’ll be back in a minute, dear, I promise.” Matilda silently whimpered to herself and tried to close her eyes. Now that she was alone, she was feeling even more scared. Her hand fell on the pacifier. Soother, huh? She looked left and right before popping it back into her mouth and spinning it around with her tongue. That’s when she heard something she thought she’d never hear. Was that the sound of Miss Honey yelling?

“How could you say something like that to her!? Who cares if she has a few more accidents than normal? Do you have any idea what she’s been going through?” Matilda couldn’t hear what Eve was saying, but she had never heard Miss Honey sound so angry. “She is only five!”

“Don’t give me that reverse psychology nonsense! She’ll grow out of it; it’s just a phase.”

“Then if that’s what she needs, she’s more than welcome to with me.”

Matilda was startled to see Hortensia slip in behind the curtain and join her. “Hope you don’t mind if I join you, it’s a little, uh,” she pulled on her shirt collar before pointing behind her with her thumb. “Guess I shouldn’t have told Miss Honey what happened.” Matilda tried to shrug, but winced in pain instead.

“It’s okay,” Matilda slurred, only just realizing what was in her mouth. She quickly pulled it out, her face beginning to turn bright red. Hortensia smirked, but Matilda could see how exhausted she looked. “It had pain medicine on it.” She tried to explain. Her mouth was still numb, and she had a feeling Hortensia couldn’t understand a word she said. “I bit my tongue.”

“I didn’t see you sucking a pacifier.” Hortensia said, shrugging. “I heard you’re having surgery, you can suck on your toes for all I care.” Matilda smiled weakly, her eyes on the curtain. “Is all that orange where you have glass?” Matilda nodded. “Holy shi- dude, I didn’t realize it got you so bad.”

“My fault.” Matilda mumbled. “I lost control.”

Hortensia cocked her head to the side trying to process what she heard. “I don’t know what you said after, but it’s not your fault. I’m guessing they don’t really have a guide book for this sort of thing.”

Matilda grunted and forced herself up onto her elbows despite the pain. “Plan B.” she said meeting Hortensia’s eyes. Only all that came out was a bit of babble and a trail of saliva.

“Down! Get back down!” A voice said sharply, startling the two girls. Matilda’s arms gave up, and she crashed back onto the exam table with a loud thud. The nurse stood over her with her arms crossed, before shoving the pacifier from before into her mouth. Matilda wanted to pull it out, but her arms were still trembling from the effort of holding herself up. She heard a disapproving tisk, before she turned on Hortensia. Matilda couldn’t see, but she could imagine the large smirk on Hortensia’s face disintegrating from the look she was getting.

“What on earth are those two fighting about?” The nurse asked.

“Ah, well, my mom can be a bit of a jerk sometimes when she isn’t feeling well, and she sort of went off on Matilda for having another accident.” Hortensia explained. Matilda scowled, she didn’t like the way Hortensia had said, “another accident”.

“Why on earth would that matter right now with everything that’s happened?” The nurse asked perplexed.

“It’s, uh, complicated.” Hortensia said. The nurse stormed out to break up the fight, leaving the two girls alone again. “So you want me to just let the spiders go, or…?” Hortensia asked after a quiet pause. Matilda nodded. “Don’t worry, I’ll find them a good home.” Matilda hoped she’d release Charlotte with her cotton ball, she seemed rather attached to it.

They both heard the nurse yell something about needing to, “Take your daughter and leave,” and since Matilda was in no shape to go anywhere, they both assumed it meant Hortensia and her mom.

“Looks like I gotta go. Good luck, squirt. Call me later.” Hortensia said before ducking out.

“You didn’t hear all that, did you?” A quiet voice said by Matilda’s ear a few minutes later. Matilda felt relieved to have Miss Honey back beside her. “Hortensia told me what happened and…” Miss Honey said trailing off. “That was so unlike me, but I was just so angry I.” she stopped mid-sentence and sighed, before brushing Matilda’s hair again.

The nurse came in again shaking her head. “Now that that’s all sorted out.” She looked down at Matilda and put on a smile. “This might help.” She raised the upper part of the bed, so Matilda was looking forward now instead of at the ceiling. Matilda looked over and was happy to be able to see Jenny sitting beside her. She instinctively reached for her hand and Jenny took it and gave a gentle squeeze. “Now the surgeon will be here any minute, do you need anything before we get started?” Matilda was thirsty, but she knew from reading she couldn’t eat or drink anything before anesthesia, or she’d risk choking on her own vomit, so she shook her head.

“You don’t need to go potty at all?” Matilda inwardly flinched. She was used to the other kids in her class talking, and being talked to that way, but Miss Honey had never used that sort of language with her. Instead, she talked to her as if she was another adult, and Matilda appreciated it. She could normally shrug it off when an adult spoke that way to her, but now, it made her feel a bit uncomfortable.

“No, I don’t need the restroom.” Matilda tried to say after pulling the soother out and silently cursing her still numb mouth. She felt Miss Honey gently squeeze her hand.

“How about you try, sweetie?” Jennifer asked.

“I think that’s a good idea.” The nurse said. Matilda reluctantly nodded her head and began trying to scoot towards the end of the bed, but stopped when the nurse said, “Woah, no, you stay put!” Matilda rested her head back on the pillow. Were they going to carry her or bring her a wheelchair? Either way, she was glad she wouldn’t have to walk, she could still hardly move. Her relief soon turned to puzzlement when she saw the nurse begin to put on latex gloves. “Since you are covered in open sores from head to foot, we can’t risk them getting infected, so,” she said, drawing out the last syllable as she pulled something down from inside a cabinet “you are going to do your business here.” Matilda blinked. Was she joking? She looked to Miss Honey, who squeezed her hand reassuringly.

“It’s alright, just do what she says.”

“I’m going to lift up your legs and slide this under you, okay?” Before Matilda could protest, she felt her lower half go airborne. She let out a startled cry before being set back down on something hard and plastic. She sat there feeling a bit stunned for a moment, before taking a peek at what was underneath her. It was a plastic, pink bowl of some kind. “Go on and try and go potty, might be a bit before you get another chance.”

Matilda could feel heat rush to her face. She could feel everyone staring at her expectantly. “I-I can’t.” Matilda stuttered out.

“Just try, dear. It’s okay if you can’t, but we just want you to try.” The nurse said.

Matilda inwardly sighed and tried to focus on something-anything else. Just as she thought maybe something might come out, the nurse asked. “Any luck?” Making Matilda’s body shut down tight again. Matilda was going to tell her no, but she found her throat, in a panic, refused to utter a sound.

“She’s shy.” Miss Honey said, after the nurse looked in the bowl to find nothing.

“Then how about I step out and round up the papers you’ll need to sign. We’ll give her until I get back.” Matilda felt a wave of relief once the nurse had left. She couldn’t go under that much pressure.

“Should I leave too?” Miss Honey asked. Matilda thought it over before shaking her head. “It’s hard, I know. They made me do the same, yesterday.”

“Could you?” Matilda asked.

“Not until I thought it was about to come out my eyeballs.” Miss Honey admitted. “The nurses are very busy, and they can’t always come right away. I don’t want you waiting ‘til the last minute only for no one to come in time. I don’t think you’d feel very happy then.” Matilda shook her head. She felt her heart sink. “I’m not saying this to scare you, but you’re a very logic based person. I trust you’ll make the right decision if you know all the facts.”

“I’m not choosing not to,” Matilda said, “This just feels weird, and I can’t. My butts going numb.” Miss Honey chuckled softly.

“Try closing your eyes, and here-” Miss Honey said. Matilda scowled when she felt the soother get put back in her mouth. “Don’t think about what it is and just suck.” Matilda sighed and closed her eyes. “That’s it, just relax.” She felt Miss Honey’s hand begin combing back her hair. It felt nice, despite the peculiar situation. “Now on the count of three, really try, alright. One, two, three!”

Matilda jumped and let out an involuntary yelp, before squealing. “Hey, mom! No, that’s cheating!” She cried, “Stop!” She let out another squeal of laughter and tried to move away from Miss Honey’s fingers, which had attacked under her arms at the count of three, but there was no way to escape.

“Not ‘til you go.” Miss Honey said with a cackle.

“I thought you were nice!” Matilda cried, who as a last resort to make the tickling stop, began to push. To Matilda’s horror, instead of urine, all she had managed to do was produce a loud creaking noise that echoed in the empty pan. Miss Honey stopped tickling her and looked down at her before the two of them began to laugh even harder, despite Matilda’s glowing red face of embarrassment.

“I can’t say I’ve ever tickled someone until they passed gas.” Miss Honey said.

Matilda groaned, face hidden behind her palms. “That wasn’t supposed to happen.”

“Uh-huh, and I suppose that time last week in bed wasn’t supposed to happen either?” Miss Honey asked. Matilda groaned again as Miss Honey chuckled. “Alright, let's settle down before we get in trouble.”

“Alright, I’ve got the paperwork all ready here. Are you feeling alright, Matilda? Your face is looking flushed.” The two giggled again as the nurse looked on, an amused and puzzled expression on her face. “Did I miss something?”

“No!” Matilda got out before Miss Honey could answer.

“Well, I hope you’ve been doing more than just giggling over here.” The nurse spread Matilda’s legs open and made a disapproving tisk sound.

“She really did try.” Miss Honey said.

“She went a little, but not very much.” Matilda felt overjoyed when she had been set back down on the bed.

“Do you think, maybe,” Miss Honey started to say before making eye contact with Matilda. She could see her mouth the word “diaper”.

“The problem are these.” She pointed to several cuts along Matilda’s upper thighs a few inches away from her groin. “They need to be uncovered and examined by the surgeon. Since she’s prone to accidents, I can make note of it in her chart, if anything they might put a pad under her. Has she always had this problem?”

“No, I don’t think so. I think it started when she came to live with me.”

“Ahh, okay. Sometimes young kids can regress a little with a big change. It’s normal. I had a young son who started acting out and wetting the bed when his father and I got divorced, but he came around eventually.” Matilda wanted to sink into the floor, but the nurse seemed to sense the topic's effect on her and gave her a warm smile. “You’ve got nothing to be ashamed of, alright? These things happen, and sometimes the only cure is time.”

*

Miss Honey watched anxiously as Matilda was wheeled out of the room towards surgery. She had promised to be there when Matilda woke up, but was startled when she felt someone pushing her back to her room.

“But my daughter,” Miss Honey started to say,

“Arrangements have been made for her to be brought to your room once she’s out of surgery. The doctor decided to release you tonight, so she can have the room. You're welcome to wait on the couch once you’ve signed the release papers.”

“Oh good!” Miss Honey said, relieved. She had been dreading the thought of being separated for the night, as all the rooms only held one bed. Now she could stay with Matilda. “How long do you think they’ll keep her here?”

“It depends, they need to check and make sure no glass got near any vital organs, and they’ll probably give her some antibiotics and fluid just in case. If all goes well, she’ll most likely be released tomorrow.”

Miss Honey breathed a sigh of relief. “I’m so glad.” The relief was short-lived once she was wheeled into her room. It was a mess. It looked like things from her tray had been violently knocked over and scattered across the floor. Miss Honey stared, a sinking feeling in her stomach. She jumped from the wheelchair, despite the nurse's objections and began searching the floor, the bedsheets, the tray, but it was gone. The letter she had written to herself detailing her aunts abuse; the letter she had never meant anyone to ever see was gone. But who would have taken it? Her stomach tightened into knots as she sat on the edge of the bed.

“Was someone in here while I was downstairs?” Miss Honey asked.

“I’m not sure, I’ll have to go ask over at the nurse's station.” Miss Honey raised her head as another voice came from the doorway.

“Oh, Jennifer! There you are! Your aunt came by to see you, but I told her you were downstairs with your daughter and to come back later.”

*069*2022-03-30 04:47

When Matilda slowly opened her eyes, she was no longer behind the curtain in the emergency room, but in a hospital bed in a dimly lit room. She tried to lift her arms to rub her eyes, but found she couldn’t. She looked down at herself and tried to blink her vision into focus, until she could make out the many bandages wrapped around herself making her limbs feel heavy. It took her a minute to remember why she was in this state. She vaguely recalled blowing up a glass door.

With great effort, she slowly turned her head around the room, fighting against the fog that wanted to pull her back down. Matilda was surprised to find, sitting on the couch, was a young thin woman with brunette hair with her face resting in her open hands. Matilda was embarrassed at how long it took her to remember why her school teacher was here. Whatever they had given her must have been powerful stuff. She couldn’t recall ever being this out of it before, even when she was sick.

“Mom,” Matilda croaked, her throat dry and raspy. Miss Honey looked up and smiled, but even in this state Matilda could tell the smile didn’t reach her eyes. She couldn’t however, feel her like she normally could.

“Hi sweetie,” Miss Honey said, getting to her feet, before moving to the plastic chair by the bed. “How are you feeling?”

“My throat hurts.” Matilda said, confused. As far as she could tell, they hadn’t operated on her throat.

“You had a breathing tube, that’s why.” She poured a cup of water from the pink pitcher on the tray and tried handing it to Matilda. “Dr. said it might feel a little raw for a day or two.”

"I can't move."

“You’re a bit bandaged up, aren’t you? You look a bit like a mummy.” Miss Honey said. “Here, try drinking some water.” She held the cup up to Matilda’s lips, who took small sips. “That’s it, there you go.” She set the cup down on the tray. They sat in silence for a bit before Miss Honey asked “Are you hungry at all?”

“No.” Matilda said. Her stomach felt a little funny from the drugs. “Feel strange.” she mumbled.

“I want you to try eating something, you haven’t eaten since before you were admitted. It will help you get your strength back.” She could hear Miss Honey opening something. “It’s nothing heavy, it’s just Jello. Might feel good on your throat.” She watched numbly as Miss Honey scooped up a piece of orange Jello with a plastic spoon, and with her other hand hovering underneath, carefully brought it up to Matilda’s mouth. “Go on, open up.” Matilda reluctantly opened her mouth. It felt strange being spoon-fed. Matilda was surprised at how much effort it took to swallow and not let it fall out of her mouth, but it was cold and did feel good on her throat. “That’s a good girl. Just a few more bites, and I’ll let you rest.”

Matilda nodded and let Jenny feed her the rest of the Jello. She could hardly keep her eyes open when she had finished.

“Get some rest, dear. I’ll be right here with you.”

*

When Matilda awoke, she was relieved to find her mind was much clearer than it had been, although her body felt like she had been in a car accident. Her limbs still felt heavy and sluggish and her throat seemed to ache even more than earlier. She looked to her right to find Jenny asleep on the couch mumbling something as she often talked in her sleep. It must be late, Matilda thought, or early, she couldn’t tell, it was dark outside and still somewhat dark in her room, but the light on in the hallway was enough to see by.

There was one thing Matilda was certain of though, she really had to pee. She moved the only parts she could move pain free, her feet, and winced as she reached for the remote by her side. She had overheard them telling Jenny they would have her up and walking today. Maybe they could start now? She hit the call button as she had been instructed to if she needed something and waited. And waited. And waited. Matilda frowned. Perhaps she hadn’t pressed it hard enough? She pressed it again, but still nothing happened. She had seen Jenny press it before, but someone had always answered right away.

Matilda scowled and wiggled her feet again. She’d have to wait until someone came to check on her. If last night was any indication, they checked on her quite frequently. It was hard to sleep when someone kept waking you up every couple hours. Matilda closed her eyes and tried to go back to sleep, but found it impossible. She sighed and looked over at Jenny, who was still fast asleep. She hated to wake her up, but she knew she was playing with fire. It had only been fifteen minutes, but it felt like hours.

“Jenny,” Matilda croaked, before remembering. “Mom.” There was no answer. “Mom.” She said a little louder. She winced at the pain in her throat.

“Hmm?” Jennifer mumbled. Matilda wasn’t sure if she was still asleep or not.

“I need the bathroom.” Matilda said. She watched Miss Honey roll onto her side.

“Go in the sandbox.” came the mumbled reply. The sandbox? What was she, a cat? She would have found it amusing if she didn’t feel like she was about to combust. Matilda often had fun having conversations with Miss Honey only she could remember and had often woken Jenny with the sound of her giggling. She didn’t have time for it now though.

“Mom, please wake up.” Nothing. She pressed the call button again. Nothing. Matilda ground her teeth together. Wiggling her toes wasn’t helping, and she couldn’t get her voice loud enough to wake Jenny.

The speakers above her began to crackle. “We have a code blue in room 204. I repeat a code blue in room 204.” There was a loud commotion outside as she heard shoes running across the linoleum. She glanced over at Jenny dumbstruck. How could she have slept through all that?

“Mooom,” Matilda groaned. She sighed in defeat. She didn’t want to do it, but she didn’t have a choice. She was about to do what Jenny had warned her about downstairs if she couldn’t wake her up. Matilda checked one last time to see if anyone was coming before she focused her eyes on the water jug. It shook and jostled, making Matilda groan, before slowly rising in the air and making its way towards its victim.

“Sorry about this.” she mumbled before ever so slowly tipping its contents over Jenny’s face. She awoke with a start, and sprang to a sitting position, wide-eyed and hair dripping wet. Matilda let the jug fall noisily to the floor next to her. She wiped the water out of her face with her hand and stared around the room in a daze.

“Good morning.” Matilda said with a guilty smile, before her expression fell back into one of misery. She groaned and clenched with all the strength she had as a wave of desperation took hold. All Matilda could do was clench her closed fists by her sides and will herself not to leak.

“Matilda, what’s the matter?” Jenny asked. “Are you in pain?”

“I have to pee.” Matilda moaned.

“Honey, why did you wait this long? You could have paged someone to help you.”

“I’ve been trying!” Matilda croaked. “No one is answering, and then I couldn’t wake you up to get someone and-” She winced as she tried to wiggle her body.

“Let me see,” Miss Honey said, standing up and grabbing the remote. If this was going to be an instance of showing someone something didn’t work, only to have it work perfectly fine, Matilda would scream. Miss Honey pressed the button, waited a few moments and frowned. “That’s strange. Hello? Is anyone there?” she asked into the mic.

“Could you get someone?” Matilda asked. She’d be holding herself if her arms weren’t bound. She was breathing hard now from the effort of holding it in and starting to panic.

“I’m sorry, of course, dear.” She left the room, only to return a few seconds later. “There’s no one out there.”

“There was a code blue.” Matilda said with a whimper. “Everyone ran down the hall.”

“Oh dear, I hope they’ll be alright.” Miss Honey said, before letting her eyes fall on Matilda. “I’m sorry, sweetie, you’ll have to wait.”

Tears stung Matilda’s eyes. “I can’t.” She admitted. Her core was aching and straining from the effort. She knew she wouldn’t last.

“Well, let me check something, hopefully they were prepared for this scenario.” Miss Honey said, before lifting Matilda’s blanket up. She could see Miss Honey’s face fall. “They said they would at least have mats, but there’s nothing.“

“Could you carry me?” Matilda asked, hopefully.

Miss Honey shook her head. “You’re still hooked up to the I.v.”

Matilda gritted her teeth. She had no choice but to ask Miss Honey to do that for her. “Could you give me one of those things from last night?” she mumbled. She felt her face flush. She hated to admit she would have preferred a diaper to asking Miss Honey to do this.

Jenny stared at her blankly for a moment. “What thing? Ohh, one of those. Well, I don’t suppose they’d mind me helping with that. Let’s see if I can find one.” She went into the bathroom for a few seconds and rummaged around for a bit, opened and closed a closet of blankets, before turning towards the sink. “Here it is!” Miss Honey exclaimed triumphantly after checking under the sink. She held up the cursed object. Matilda looked away in embarrassment.

“I’m glad you thought of this. It completely slipped my mind.” She paused after seeing the look on Matilda’s face. “It’s alright dear, there’s no need to be embarrassed, they wouldn’t have let you up anyway.”

“But you're doing it.” Matilda mumbled.

“Don’t you worry about that. I’m going to lift your legs and slide it under you, okay?” Matilda nodded and braced herself. “There, you’re all set. I’ll give you a minute to-oh.” Matilda hung her head, face glowing. There was no reason for Jenny to give her a minute to do anything. Her body hadn’t even given her a moment to step away. As soon as she had felt the hard plastic underneath her, her brain must have given the all clear. Liquid trickled noisily into the basin, magnified by the fact she couldn’t close her legs from all the bandages. There was no need for Miss Honey to ask if she’d had any luck.

As if it couldn’t get any worse, the nurse had chosen that moment to walk in. Matilda inwardly moaned. She only had to wait a few more minutes, and she wouldn’t have had to ask Jenny at all. The nurse walked in, looked as if she was about to stay something and stopped. She looked around the room puzzled for the source of the sound, before coming over to investigate.

The nurse came to stand next to Miss Honey, who had quickly backed away as if in fear of being scolded for interfering with their patient, and took a peek.

“Oh good, finally.” she said, sounding relieved. “We were concerned when you told us you hadn’t gone since yesterday afternoon and refused throughout the night. Are you done?” Matilda nodded. “Actually, I’m going to press on your tummy a bit, see if we can’t get anymore to come out. Some people can have trouble completely emptying after being put under.” Matilda winced a little as the nurse pressed around under her belly button, before her eyes widened in surprise as the trickling resumed for a few more seconds before stopping for a final time. “See?” Matilda blushed as she felt herself get wiped before being lifted and set back down on the bed.

“Mom, If you notice any trouble with leaking, try gently pressing on her lower stomach while she’s still on the toilet. It might take a few days for her innards to fully wake up.”

“Well, we haven’t talked about what we are going to do, yet. Things have been challenging in her life and there’s been some minor issues as a result. I’m somewhat considering keeping her in pull-ups for the time being, at least until things calm down. I think it will take some stress off her.”

Matilda’s head shot up. What? No, she wasn’t! She was fine! She didn’t need diapers during the day! Their eyes met and Matilda gave her a pleading look. “We’ll talk about it later.” Miss Honey said.

“Hmm, let’s go outside for a chat.” the nurse said, putting the still full bedpan on the counter by the sink. Matilda wrinkled her nose. “The lab wants a urine sample.” Matilda shrugged. She didn’t want it.

“I’ll be back in a minute, sweetie, try and get some rest. I need to make a few phone calls as well. Hopefully someone can bring us some clothes.” Miss Honey said, who was also still in a hospital gown despite being discharged, before slipping out the door.

Matilda bit her fingernails anxiously as she waited for Miss Honey to return. Now that needing to pee no longer took full priority of her mind, she could feel the sensation of dread in the pit of her stomach she was sure was coming from Miss Honey. Matilda wondered what was wrong. Anxiety seemed to be a constant state for Jenny, but this felt different. It was as if she knew this was the end of the line, and she was just trying to hide it, but the end of the line for what, Matilda didn’t know. She’d ask when she got back, Matilda thought as she closed her eyes. She was tired now.

Just when Matilda thought she would fall asleep, she heard footsteps in her room. Matilda silently growled. They weren’t Jenny’s timid footsteps, but heavy, loud thumps. Now what did they want from her? She kept her eyes closed. Maybe if she pretended to be asleep, they’d leave her alone. She heard the tray over her bed get roughly pulled away and moved. Matilda strained to listen, but there was nothing. Had they left? No, Matilda was sure they were still there. She could feel a presence looming over her. She waited with held breath and listened for their departure, but she heard nothing. Something felt off. Finally, she couldn’t take it anymore. Hoping it was just her imagination she opened her eyes.

There, standing over her, mere inches from her face, was the Trunchbull, and she looked furious. Then her face twisted into a smile, revealing a set of rotting yellow teeth.

“Good morning, Miss Wormwood.” She sneered in a sing songy voice. Matilda gulped, eyes darting everywhere. The Trunchbull’s eyes narrowed. “And what do we say when someone says good morning to you?”

“G-good m-morning,” Matilda sputtered out. She could handle the Trunchbull in school without stuttering and shaking, but this felt different. Now she was trapped, unable to move, and at her mercy. She had no time to prepare herself, and now that she was alone and face to face with the beast, she felt all the courage she had gained plotting her downfall with Hortensia immediately disparate.

“Good morning, WHAT?” The Trunchbull yelled in her face.

“Good morning, Miss T-Trunchbull.” Matilda said. Her heart was racing out of her chest. She inched her hand down towards the remote and pressed the call button rapidly, only to remember it didn’t work.

“Now, ask me why I’m here.” The woman whispered.

“W-why are you here, Miss Trunchbull?”

“To pay you and Miss Honey a visit of course,” she said, fake smile plastered on her face. “Isn’t that nice of me? I came all the way here, on a very busy school day, to see why, even though I have it on good authority Miss Honey had been released last night, I still find my year one class without a teacher. What puzzles me even more was a message I received on the school's answering machine yesterday afternoon. Do you know what that message was?”

“N-no, Miss Trunchbull.” Matilda croaked.

“It was Miss Honey of all people. Quiet, obedient, Miss Honey, telling me she wouldn’t be able to teach class for a few more days. So of course I called her back to tell her I had better see her no good lazy ass back in class this morning, after all, she had her sick day on Friday. A day I did not give her permission to take mind you, and do you know what she said to me?”

“No, Miss Trunchbull.” Matilda said.

“That’s right, she told me, ‘no’.” Matilda could see the glint in the Trunchbull’s eyes growing more and more dangerous. “Sweet, cowardly Miss Honey told me, ‘no’. So, naturally, I had to come right away and see what the problem was. She must be on death's door, I thought. So imagine my surprise, when I come up and find an empty room. So while I was waiting for an explanation from her, a nurse comes in and tells me Miss Honey isn’t here. Miss Honey is downstairs with her DAUGHTER.”

She screamed the last part in Matilda’s face, before straightening back up. “There must be some mistake I thought, Miss Honey doesn’t have a daughter. Imagine my surprise when they tell me, ‘Yes, she is downstairs with MATILDA WORMWOOD, who was about to go in for surgery.’ ” Now the Trunchbull was looking livid and purple in the face. “Miss Honey is neglecting her duties for a single disgusting little worm like you!? I couldn’t imagine what in the world had gotten into that air headed, dim witted woman, AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT I FOUND?” She waved the crumbled pieces of paper wildly in front of Matilda’s face. Matilda took the papers and uncrumpled them. She recognized Jenny’s handwriting. “Read it!” The Trunchbull hissed.

Matilda began to read and as she did, she could feel pieces of her heart begin to break. How could one person withstand so much abuse? She could feel tears begin to form in her eyes until the pages in front of her were just a blur. Once she had gotten to the part about a broom she had to stop and look away. She didn’t want to know!

“I said READ IT!” The Trunchbull screamed.

Matilda choked back a sob and continued. The woman was crazy! How could she have done this to Jenny?! Matilda felt sick to her stomach with rage and hatred. The power behind her eyes was beginning to burn.

“I sat there thinking all night, how can I teach Miss Honey a lesson? I thought, I know, I’ll throw her in the Chokey, but no, I’ve already done that when she told me she wanted to adopt you, and you know what? She went behind my back and did it anyway! This woman’s started to forget just what I’m capable of. I need something good. I need to teach her a lesson she’ll never forget! I need to put the fear of me back into her! Then the answer clicked. It was staring me in the face all along. The answer is you.” The grotesque smile came back. “I’m going to do to you every little thing Miss Honey wrote about in that letter, until you beg for death. That will teach Miss Honey not to open her mouth about things that should have stayed silent.”

Matilda could feel her blood boiling. Images of Jenny being chained to a wall filled her mind. She wanted to fight back, but there was nothing she could fight with except… She stared at the bed pan sitting on the counter and willed it to rise. It wasn’t much, but it was all she had. She watched it soar into the air before coming closer and closer as the Trunchbull rambled on. It was directly over her head, when the Trunchbull forcefully grabbed Matilda by the chin.

“PAY ATTENTION WHEN I AM TALKING TO YOU!” The Trunchbull screamed. Matilda forced her eyes up, until ever so slowly, the pink pan began to tip, spilling its contents right onto the Trunchbull’s head, before falling to the floor. The Trunchbull let out a gasp and spun around to see who else was in the room, but there was no one there. She stared down at the floor, yellow droplets of liquid falling to the white linoleum, then to the pink pan until very slowly, realization dawned of just what had been dumped on her.

“You!” She growled, lunging for Matilda and wrapping her hands around her throat. “I knew it was you who threw that newt in the cup at me, just like I know it was you who put those spiders in my car! You’ve been nothing but trouble since the day you showed up! If Miss Honey wants you so badly she can pick up your body at the morgue!”

Matilda gasped as she felt the Trunchbull’s hands beginning to squeeze. She weakly fought with all her might. She couldn’t breathe! This was it, she was about to become another victim of the Trunchbull. No one was coming to save her. The world around her was starting to go black. She could vaguely make out a white figure in the doorway. Was that an angel, coming to collect her soul? The figure in the doorway lunged, letting out a primal scream Matilda had never heard before.

“LET GO OF HER!” There was a loud crash. The Trunchbull let go of Matilda’s throat and began to stagger. Another crash. Between Matilda’s gasps and coughs for breath she caught sight of the figure. It wasn’t an angel coming for her. It was Miss Honey, and she was… Matilda couldn’t believe it. She had the foldable chair from the hall in her hands and was smashing it across the Trunchbull’s head. The Trunchbull was running for the door, but came to stop. Several security guards were blocking her exit, but she barreled through them as if they were nothing.

“Matilda!” Miss Honey cried coming towards her, but Matilda’s vision was already fading to black. She reached her hand out.

“Mommy.” Matilda mumbled before fading into unconsciousness.

