Starship Man

Author: iop098

*000*2018-12-28 19:34

Starship Man: Introduction

January 7th, 2541, Jerusalem

Marshall James Alan of the old-Human Surveyor’s Crew unit 17-Alpha is a part of a new breed of space-pilots, a sort of “archeologist” flying alone (as part of small crews exploring a larger area) in any area the human race has been known to historically exist in. Marshall Alan was assigned to explore the entire Northern Hemisphere of Earth. Much of Earth was excavated prior to its mass evacuation in 2152 due to extreme climate events. Though there is a bit of a historical gap in this time, it is speculated that the humans of the time saw the climate events coming and rapidly expanded their technologies in several ways to escape their fate.

We know that these humans were genetically inferior to the ones of today, somehow the escapade into space is speculated to have caused a massive jump in the evolution of the humans who managed to escape. These humans, for example, averaged in heights of about 5’4(5’6 for males, 5’2 for females) instead of the modern average of 7’4(7’6 for men, 7’2 for female). Additionally, these humans were susceptible to maladies as cancer and muscular dystrophy which are now theorized to have arisen from DNA and medical technology.

Again, much of the history of this time is lost as many humans did die on Earth, either from insisting on staying or from the multitude of resource wars that preceded the events. The population of Earth at the time of the final climate “extinction”, in which the Earth’s atmosphere was destroyed in a massive chemical fire, was only 2.1 billion, down significantly from the peak of 11.2 billion(though birth rates had long since declined before the resource wars began). Very few primitive groups of humans remained on Earth and are known to have survived to this day. Encounters with these primitive humans are, however, extremely rare due to their mostly subterranean nature.

Alan was exploring Jerusalem in an effort to study both religious and technological structures that are known to be in the area when he came across a box labeled “accident files”, curious as he thought these boxes may be somehow related to the eventual demise of Earth, he picks it up carefully off the ground off the old grey brick building he found it in. It seemed like he was in some sort of old prison, but the holes in the roof which let light shine in allowed the atmosphere to be something more bathed in warmth than a typical prison. It was an odd contrast, one Alan may have contemplated further if it wasn’t for the potential artifact he had now set on a small wooden table in front of him.

He dusts off the cardboard box, confirming the only words, “ACCIDENT FILES” labeled in red on all sides. He opened it up, expecting to find the old sorts of paper records humans typically used for “files”, however inside there was some sort of technology that he had never seen before. Resting on top of a black case was a helmet, equipped with some sort of goggles and a few primitive neurological diodes. This helmet alone was something that would be of great interest to his organization. Alan set the helmet down and it gave a satisfying metallic thud. Though it was incredibly light, it seemed to be made of a durable metal. There was a circular opening, something Alan recognized as like the tech used to display holograms back home.

What Alan saw next was more recognizable as some sort of case containing digital discs that the humans would use to store popular media from the time, the discs seemed to match the size of the hole on the helmet. All of the discs were labeled with numbers, 1 stacked on 2, on top of 3, and so on. Alan took disc one and inserted it into the helmet. He then placed the helmet on and attached the diodes.

After a long boot sequence, which involved some sort of early “Syncing” technology with Alan’s brain. This tech was common for Alan, it is even how he controls his plain. The connection here didn’t feel strong, but Alan’s field of view was successfully immersed into a sort of textual menu. First, an introduction read,

“These tapes contain some of the records covertly obtained by APE-CORP to assess proposals from our New-Humano-Evolutionary program in regard to the possible improvement of human anatomy. Specifically, this project is focused on the urinary bladder. Humans currently go to the bathroom up to eight times per day to relieve their bladder once it is filled with liquids. This results in less productivity. Some businesses and different environments (such as schools) require people to hold their bladder(waiting to use a bathroom until assigned hours) in order to minimize drops in productivity.

However, the stress of holding the bladder, and unforeseen bathroom “accidents” (the subject of this particular study) are seen as sticking points in the optimality of the original design. Several different proposals have been given on specifically how these issues could be addressed, however, this study will only seek to assess, through several case studies, the extent to which these improvements are needed for the continuing flourishment of human-kind. The details of “bladder accidents” of humans ranging 6 and older (the general age accidents become social “unacceptable” and are considered a burden to society) will be studied as well as their effect on societal productivity and the subjet's mental state".

As soon as Alan finished what he was reading an “introductory accident report” came up to the screen.

11/20/97

Subjects:

Maria-Lynn Allister (Female)

Age: 31

Number of Bladder Accidents post early childhood: two

Date of Last Previous Accident: 12/24/82

David Allister (Male)

Age: 9

Number of bladder accidents post early childhood: one

Date of last previous accident: 10/14/97

To Be Continued Soon

*002*2019-01-19 03:15

11/20/97

James Alan(we will regard him as Alan from here on out) began to play the experience, immediately he was overcome by an entirely new field of view and mental state. This seemed to be a rudimentary version of the brain imaging techniques he was familiar with modern humans. With this, he could feel the subject's body as if it was their own, and even their emotions. However, their exact thoughts were not clear(there was no stream of consciousness) so he relied on his own thoughts to make sense of what was happening.

He woke up to the sound of someone yelling, it was a woman. She entered the room he was sleeping in, a bedroom.

"David, get up it's time for Church"

"OK" he replied. David, so he was the boy, this must be his mother Maria. Alan expected to wake up but he quickly felt David fall back to sleep.

"David, WHAT are you doing in there?", Maria yelled barging into the room noticing the boy still sleeping.

"You need to get up now we need to get to Chruch! There is a ton of traffic and I don't want to be late again."

So David got up, but Alan noticed something, he(Davis) needed to pee. But Davis didn't seem to notice(or care) as he quickly got dressed into his Sunday clothes and went ran out with his mom and two sisters(one 3 year old named Maggie, one 14 year old name Sarah) to the family minivan to go to church. Already Alan could tell the boy's plan must be to hold in his pee until they arrived at the Church where he could relieve himself. However, Alan could already tell that if the Church was any real distance away, this might be a problem. This was quite an urgent situation, the boy must have had a lot to drink the night before. Alan was surprised he hadn't wet his bed. He wondered if bed wettings were included in the "accident count" finding himself oddly interested in the events occuring before him.

After only a couple minutes Alan felt Davis begin to hold his crotch, the pressure was starting to grow now. Alan wouldn't even let himself get this desperate in his real life, Davis's bladder must be quite small. He was actually quite disciplined to be able to hold it like he was. David's body language had become noticeably tensed, he nervously looked at his younger sister to the side of him in her baby-chair happily sucking her thumb. Her oldest sister was mindlessly lost in her phone and his mom was focused on the road, nobody had noticed David's predicament yet. Alan felt David's bladder begin to feel weak, his crotch was becoming a bit numb. He knew it was only a short matter of time before he lost control. David now couldn't sit still, he was holding himself tightly by the crotch, shifting his seating position trying to find some comfort. He would maybe loosen the pressure for a second or two only for it to feel right on the edge again.

David looked up nervously, he was determined not to make himself look like a little kid, especially after his mishap last month. He had his first accident since he was potty trained when he held it too long playing video games. He was desperate to the point of an intense potty dance by the time he got up. He made it to the bathroom door but it was occupied by his older sister. He held it all of thirty seconds before totally soaking himself. The bathroom anxiety of being right next to the toilet caused him to totally lose control. To make matters worse, the toilet flushed and his sister came out just as he finished. Her call of "MOOOM! David wet his pantsss" and the following shocked reaction of his mother were burned into his memory and he simply did not want this to happen again.

David was determined to hold it. "Mom, how much longer until we are there?" he asked.

"Honey there is a lot of traffic today, I think there was an accident up ahead. We might be stuck for a while. Possibly 20 minutes"

Alan instantly felt David's heartrate increase. He knew he couldn't hold on 20 minutes. He began to hold himself tighter. He locked his knees together and pressed his hands into his thighs trying to hold it. He concentrated on his muscles, but suddenly he felt a spasm hit his crotch, and a leak escaped. But he clamped it off, this wasn't going to be like the time last month outside the bathroom, he could hold it. A minute later, David felt on the edge of leaking again. His muscles were becoming weak, his small bladder simply wasn't equipped to hold the amount it was for the amount of time he wanted to. Suddenly another leak came, this time a longer one. David felt his muscles in his crotch go completely weak as he was racked by another spasm. This time his leg started to shake and some pee began to darken his crotch. He was beginning to wet himself again.

David started to panic, "mom can we possibly pull over somewhere, I need to pee very badly"

"Sweetheart the traffic is beginning to clear up, we will be there in five minutes. If we stop now we won't make it on time"

David, felt tears welling up in his eyes as he lost another spurt wet his underwear, he had left it to long again. The emotions stirring inside David now were strong and fully accessible by Alan. David was now feeling a mixture of terror and shame as he was on the very edge of his second full-on pants wetting accident in two months, in front of his entire family. By some miracle, David manged to hold it another minute.

Finally, it was now or never. David yelled at his mom, "Please can you just pull over I need to pee, I can't hold it"! tears began to run down his cheek. David felt like a child going through potty training, he was beginning to lose control. His older sister now looked on with intent, his younger sister(who had just finished potty training in her own right) still seemed oblivious to the situation. His mother looked back and her eyes turned from frusturation to sympathetic as she noticed how badly her son needed to pee. She knew he must have not had time to go before leaving the house and misjudged his bladder strength.

"David honey we are almost there just try and hold it a little longer"

"Mom I c-c-can't I am gonna w-wet myself again"

"Oh David we don't want a repeat of that incident..."

Maria quickly looked around and grabbed a large cup for David to pee in, "Quickly take this"

David took the cup, he didn't even have time to consider how embarrassing it was to pee in a cup with his already soaking wet underwear in front of his sisters,. He was just happy to avoid an accident. David started to work his belt off, and he felt himself going numb again. He was starting to lose it. He grabbed himself again by the crotch as his sisters looked on. His older sister giggled, "Come on David you don't wanna have another accident"(David had been visibly embarrassed by his mother calling his pants-wetting an "accident" last time around). David ripped his belt off, but he couldn't stop peeing. He got his pants down and then he totally lost control. He couldn't even get the cup in position to catch the pee before it sprayed wildly like a fire hose out of his underwear.

"Noooo" David yelled in a childish high pitch shriek as he buried his head into his chest in defeat. Despite his hands still holding his crotch, his bladder was totally weakened and he was wetting himself with even more force than he had last month. Pee had gotten all over his pants, socks, and shoes before he finally cut off the flow. The leather seat below him contained a large puddle, the aftermath of an accident similar to that of a three-year-old. In fact, Maggie had an accident that left an identical puddle months earlier. and His older sister stared on open-mouthed, even she didn't know how to react to her brother's humiliating display. This was somehow less funny than his accident that was obviously caused by playing video games...Even his younger sister noticed now uttering "Uh oh David go potty", her mother turning around to hush her.

His mom pulled into the Church parking lot just as he finished his accident. "Oh David...it's ok honey accidents happen. Luckily I prepared for this" David was surprised, he didn't know what his mother meant "prepared", he figured they go home so he could shower and change.

Well I packed all this for your younger sister in case she had an accident but since you're the one who had the *ahem* mishap, there's no need for you not to use it. She handed David a towel and a pack of baby wipes, designed for kids still in diapers. "Go ahead and get into the back of the car, we will all get out and give you privacy to clean up" She produced a plastic shopping bag from the back of the car and handed it to David.

"What am I going to wear?" David asked. Maria got a pair of grey sweat pants and a red t-shirt, neatly folded from the same "diaper bag" which no doubt held the same types of change of clothes for his younger sister. "Luckily I figured this might happen some time, you are always holding it too long. Ever since that accident last month I've been bringing clothes with us, I'd almost forgotten about it, but looks like it paid off."

"Look on the bright side, you don't have to wear your younger sister's pull-up. That's what she gets if she has an accident" and she shot a look at David's older sister who looked down quickly. David's face went hot with shame, to even be compared three year old. But she had had only one accident since her training earlier in the year either...

David's older sister felt awful for him and said while his mom was getting their younger sister out of the car, "You probably don't remember this, but she was making a joke about me there. Years ago, we were at Disney and I'd had a small string of pants wetting accidents, I think it may have been some infection that cleared up, I don't know. I wet myself three times in one day and mom hadn't prepared for this. After I wet the replacement clothes she bought me at a store, she decided it would be best to just put me in one of your pull-ups and leave the park...In just a pull-up and a t-shirt at 9 years old" David all of the sudden started to feel a bit better after being told this.

Alan meanwhile could totally feel David's emotions in his own head. He was totally overcome with shame at having an accident like this, but he was happy his sister was not making fun of him for it. He was embarrassed that his mom even prepared for him to have an accident, he was 9 years old, past "accident age" but here he was sitting in the results of his second in as many months.

David proceeded to clean himself up, change clothes, and go to the Church.

CASE ENDED

Alan removed the headset and diodes, beginning to process what he had just experienced...

