Cherry needs to potty (Pullup time!)

Author: BabygirlMiki

*000*2022-04-29 00:38

Hi so this is a story I started on my Wattpad (my wattpad handle is @MissCherryCatt, feel free to follow there, it's all omorashi related )

Part 1: Cherry plays Mario Kart

Cherry sat on the floor with her Switch in hand, intent on reaching the next level. She wiggled back and forth as her barely noticed need to pee increased.

She was wearing a pullup, with bright yellow butterflies on the front that fade when wet. Lately she had been accident-prone so her Daddy had started keeping her in them. It was hard to find them in an adult size that was cute enough that she would actually wear them and absorbent enough to hold the contents of her bladder (when she had an accident, it was always a lot), but her Daddy was able to locate some off an online ABDL shop.

As she got closer and closer in her game, she ignored the first few warning spasms and wiggled into floor furiously, hoping that would suffice, as she nearly defeated her match. Huge mistake. Always go before the first spasm even hits.

She squealed and jumped up, dropping her switch to the ground, as her bladder spasmed big time, and a stream of urine spurted forcefully against the the soft inner cushioning of her adorable pullup. She yelled, "Papa, Papa, I pee peeeee," and ran as fast as she could to the bathroom, and stomped and wailed and wiggled in front of the toilet as she fought with her pullup.

Papa ran in, wondering what the commotion was, and saw her fighting her body's natural urges as her bladder kept hissing into her pullup. "Oh, baby, it's okay," he said, and she looked up and stopped fighting as he put his arms around her. She shook and sobbed as her pullup filled with urine, going up past her butt crack and up past her pubic mound, completely saturating the material keeping her pee from going all over the floor. "Let's get you cleaned up."

*001*2022-04-29 17:48

Part 2: Diaper Change

Cherry's Daddy lifted her up and set her down on the sofa, placing a pillow underneath her head and softly kissing her forehead before pulling out a fresh diaper, wipes, lotion, and baby powder.

He ripped the sides of the pullup off, and with one smooth movement, moved it out from under her while spreading the fresh diaper underneath her.

He cleaned her thoroughly, applied lotion, and thoroughly puffed baby powder over her nude bottom before snuggly pulling the front of the diaper up over her belly button and taping in the sides.

Cherry wiggled and stretched her legs, feeling safe and comfy in her fresh nappy.

"Daddy I feel better," she said as she put her arms around him. He rubbed her back and patted her bum. She ran to her switch and started playing again, sucking down juice from her sippy.

An hour passed and she felt the need to pee again, but not until the urge made her jump up, drop the switch, and hold between her legs.

She did a potty dance and ran up to Daddy.

"Daddy I hafts ta pee pee! Daddy please I can't hold it anymore!"

"Okay, baby, let's get you to your potty..."

His words were cut off by a hissing noise.

"Dadddyyyyyyy, peeee peeeeee, I go peeeee peeeee" Cherry sobbed, as she slightly bent at the knees and released into her diaper.

"Hssssss...hss.....hssssssSHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhshhhhhh...."

Her diaper went warm, and turned yellow between her legs. Cherry was having an accident. She was going potty in her diaper.

She kept peeing and peeing.

Her diaper swelled up the front and back until it was tight and steaming hot all around.

She felt warm tingles as she peed full force into her absorbent nappy.

She sank to knees, the floor pushing the warm, soggy crotch of her diaper into her bottom. Hsssssssssssssss.......

Finally it slowed to a trickle, until it stopped. No leaks but filled to capacity.

Time for a change!

