Desperate Duo Pt 1: A Batgirl/Supergirl Story

Author: Foxlover

*000*2012-10-18 04:14

Barbara Gordon narrowed her eyes as she perused the Gotham City skyline through her high tech binoculars. According to Bruce, something big was to happen tonight. As Batgirl, she and Robin had been tracking a drug cartel for weeks, and only recently did Batman propose that the drugs were going to be used to make a bomb, and that the drug lords wanted to level the City Hall in order to construct a central office for themselves. Barbara wasn’t quite sure about the whole set-up; she’d tangled with her fair share of Gotham drug lords, and all of the ones capable of orchestrating an event like this were behind bars. Still, she trusted Batman’s judgment, so she carried on. Batgirl glanced below her, currently standing on the building where the bomb was supposed to be shipped out.

She lowered her binoculars, put them back into her utility belt, and looked up. She had sent out a distress call to Metropolis a few hours earlier, using a watch that Batman had developed. The frequency it emitted could be heard only by a certain pair of ears… Barbara scowled as she saw a blue-white blur streak towards her. “Why is she always late?” she wondered. Kara Kent, aka Supergirl, landed on the rooftop lightly, despite the fact that she had most likely been traveling a terminal velocity a few seconds earlier. Batgirl stalked up to her friend. “Where have you been? You said you’d be here 45 minutes ago…” Supergirl shrugged, her ruby lips pulling back into a smile.

“Sorry, Bats, I had some stuff to take care of…” Batgirl’s anger melted away at the sight of her friend’s bubbly face. She pulled Supergirl into a hug. “Good to have you back, Kare-Bear,” she said warmly. Supergirl rolled her eyes, feigning annoyance. “You know I hate that name, Barbie…” Batgirl raised an eyebrow. You show up at every stakeout with your blonde hair, blue eyes and cheery smile and you think I’m the Barbie?” Supergirl giggled. Batgirl smiled. She and Supergirl had been on many adventures together, and while Supergirl was stronger, and had all of these amazing powers, she was still a bit naïve about the whole hero game, so Batgirl had been showing her the ropes.

Over the years, she had come to think of Kara as a super-powered younger sister. Supergirl clapped her white gloved hands together. “So, what do we have here?” Batgirl pointed directly below. “There’s a bomb that’s supposed to be moved out of here soon, but I don’t know when.” Supergirl nodded. “Sounds exciting. Now, before we really get into this stakeout thing…” She shifts her weight from foot to foot. “Holy moons of Krypton, I gotta pee.”

“Patience is a virtue, kid. Nonetheless, I think your need can be accommodated.” Batgirl walked over to drainpipe jutting from the ground next to the vent between them. Reaching into her utility belt, Batgirl pulls out a small cutting tool which she uses to saw through the flimsy pressed tin. Prying the edges apart, she makes an opening just large enough to for a woman to pee into.

Supergirl blew air in relief. “You’re a lifesaver, Barbie, it was starting to get pretty bad…” Supergirl tiptoed carefully on the narrow ledge and positioned herself over the drainpipe. She pulls up her blue skirt and red panties, already squatting. Batgirl only smiles and turns away, but secretly hoped that Supergirl would hurry; she herself had been atop the roof since about sundown, and she could definitely use a turn at the drainpipe.

Suddenly, there was an explosion, and the rooftop was immersed in green gas. Supergirl, who had barely started to pee, barely managed to choke off the flow and yank her panties back up as she and Batgirl began coughing and hacking. The gas wasn’t necessarily unpleasant, but eerily familiar as well. Batgirl looked around and saw a feminine figure approaching through the green fog. Batgirl couldn’t see her very well, but as the woman got closer, Batgirl realized that the woman’s skin was the exact same color as the fog; a light, smooth green, like fresh lima beans. Her auburn hair was wreathed in leaves, and she wore a one-piece dark jade leotard and thigh-high boots. With horrible realization, Batgirl surmised that the smell was chlorophyll…the chemical that makes plants green. “P-Poison Ivy!” Batgirl coughed. Poison Ivy smiled.

“I suppose I didn’t give you enough credit, sweetheart. I didn’t think you’d figure that the drug lord trail was false; throwing off the Big Bad Bat was hard enough, I thought I covered my tracks pretty well. I need City Hall to plant my seed. It will become the nucleus of the vine system that will bring Gotham City back to its former, leafy glory!” She looked over at the struggling Supergirl. “Oh, you’ve brought me a present? You’re too sweet.” Batgirl flinched as Poison Ivy stroked her cheek. “Looks like I’ll have to stash you and THAT cutie somewhere where you can’t mess up my plans. I think a nice labyrinth will be just the place…sweet dreams, my darling…” Batgirl gasped as Poison Ivy brought her lips crashing against hers, feeling herself passing out from Poison Ivy’s lip toxins as she watched her lean down next to Supergirl...

When Batgirl awoke, her head was swimming, and she could hardly stand. Her mouth felt stale, her lips dry, and her bladder achingly full, having pulled more liquid from her kidneys while she was out, but she was fairly certain she could hold out. She peered around her and saw Supergirl’s limp form on the ground next to her. Apparently, her whole “invincibility” thing did not extend to plant poison, because Supergirl was completely zonked out. They appeared to be in some sort of maze, with leafy walls ten feet high extending into the ether.

Above her, the slightly overcast night sky was covered with an orange haze from streetlights. The faint sounds of sirens, car horns, and talking people could be heard in the distance, the soundtrack of Gotham nightlife. Batgirl checked her Batwatch, which told her that she and Supergirl had roughly an hour to get out of the maze and stop Poison Ivy from turning Gotham City into a rainforest. She shivered involuntarily, which, to make matters worse, made her realize that her bladder was fuller than she had calculated.

“Great,” she thought bitterly to herself. “Trapped in a maze with an hour to find a way out, stop Poison Ivy, and save the city, and I gotta pee like a racehorse.” She swiftly moved over to Supergirl and roused her. “Hey, Supes, wake up!” Supergirl stirred, then sat straight upright, fists clenched. She looked wildly around. “Ah! Poison Ivy…gas…kissed me…kinda liked it…” Batgirl blushed and helped Supergirl up. “Calm down, kid. Now, can you fly us out of this maze? We need to get to City Hall.” Supergirl smiled and saluted.

“Sure thing, Barbie…” She grabbed hold of Batgirl’s arms and leaped into the air…only to come crashing back down. “Ooooh…” Batgirl groaned. She had landed on her feet, but the impact had jarred the contents of her bladder, making her about 5 times more desperate than she was before. Supergirl got up, thoroughly mystified. “Wh-why can’t I fly?” She asked, fear creeping into her voice. Batgirl shook her head. She didn’t have time for this…in more ways than one. She pulled out an explosive Batarang and threw it at the wall, trying to blow a hole in it big enough to at least crawl through. The explosion lit up the leafy corridor, but when the smoke cleared, the wall of the maze looked completely untouched. Not even a leaf was singed. Batgirl growled in frustration and doubled over as her bladder pulsated. She took a deep breath, and, using the meditation techniques she had learned on a trip to Tibet, managed to realign her chi and calm herself down.

She would have her bladder under control…for now. She studied the material and realized had a strange coating on them that almost glowed. She recognized it at once…Kryptonite Vibrania. Batman had discovered this strain a few months back. It was virtually indestructible, and greatly weakened the powers of Superman and his kin. “Um, hey, Barbie,” Batgirl turned to Supergirl, who had her legs crossed and was tapping one foot on the ground, arms crossed.

“Do you think there’s like, you know, a little Superheroine’s Room anywhere in here? I never really got started up on that rooftop, and I still REALLY gotta go.” Batgirl couldn’t help smiling at the irony. “I’m not doing much better, kid, but it looks like we’ll have to hold it.” Supergirl nodded, though Batgirl could see the uncertainty in her eyes. She wasn’t sure if Supergirl was going to make it, and in truth, she wasn’t sure if she would, either. Steeling her resolve, she clenched her nether muscles as firm as movement would allow, took Supergirl’s hand, and started down the pathway.

They had been walking about 45 minutes when Supergirl began to lose it. It started as just the occasional drips through her panties, and then it became spurts, more and close between, to the point where Supergirl had to stop and jam her hands between her legs. She looked up at Batgirl, her mouth a thin red line. “B-Bats, I can’t h-hold it any longer, I gotta pee SO BAD!” She cried, tears coursing down her face. Batgirl took Supergirl’s shoulder. “Come on, Kara you can make it, we’re almost through!” Supergirl began hobbling once more, and then stopped abruptly. Batgirl could see tiny rivulets of pee begin to form on Supergirl’s tight thighs. She checked her watch. 15 minutes before Flowergeddon. They were only 100 yards from the exit, according to her GPS, but Batgirl’s will was cracking. She began to leak as well, the crotch of her black latex suit growing damp with urine.

She jammed her hand between her own legs while supporting the bursting Supergirl and helped them stagger along. A few minutes later, just has Batgirl was certain she could hold out no longer and was about to let go, they stumbled through a leafy wall into the main street in Downtown Gotham, and it was not a pretty sight. The street was cracked where giant, tentacle-like vines snaked up and down the city, pulsating like part of some huge, deciduous organ. Batgirl looked at the end of the street, where all the vines connected through the doors of city hall; she was willing to bet that that’s where the “nucleus” of this flowering monstrosity that Poison Ivy was talking about was located. Supergirl whistled. “Well, looks like Little Red Gardening Hood has been busy.” Batgirl turned to Supergirl. “Kara, can you get us to the top of the nearest building to that thing?”

Supergirl nodded, took both of Batgirl’s arms, and skyrocketed upwards towards City Hall, setting them down on the warehouse about a block down. Suddenly, she doubled over, both hands between her legs. “O-Oh no…I forgot to find somewhere to pee!” She began looking wildly about for somewhere to release her pent-up water. Batgirl balked. In all the excitement, her own desire to pee had been entirely suppressed, but now it was back with a vengeance. Supergirl was so distracted, she ran headfirst into an antenna. She staggered back, dazed, slipping and falling next to a puddle. Although the pole had obviously come off worse in the encounter, Batgirl figured that Supergirl’s powers were still returning. She watched as Supergirl’s cape soaked up some of the puddle water, and suddenly, she had an idea. “Supergirl, take off your cape!” she yelled. Supergirl looked at her, the strain of not losing control of her overfull bladder making her shake.

“W-Why?” Batgirl shoved the other hand between her legs. “We can use it!” Supergirl looked confused. “My cape!? H-How would we use that besides after we pee ourselves?” Batgirl rolled her eyes. “We can pee INTO it, Kara!” Supergirl considered this, but another jolt of her bladder made her decision for her. With difficulty, Supergirl pulled her hands from her crotch, causing her thighs to tremble with the reinforcing loss of her hands as she removed her bright red cape. Batgirl took it and folded three times into a thick, small rectangle. Supergirl looked at her imploringly. “Let me use it first! PLEASE!?” she pleads, reaching out her left hand towards her, groaning as she could feel her hold slipping without her hand as small trickle of pee began to flow from her and dampen her panties. “I-I'm at my limit! I'm starting to lose it again, and I don’t think I’m gonna be able to stop it this time!”

While Batgirl really didn't want to give up her chance for relief, given that it was her idea after all, she couldn't argue that Supergirl HAD been desperate a whole lot longer than she had, and was starting to wet herself. Besides, her sisterly protectiveness of Supergirl would not allow her to let Supergirl suffer. “Ok, fine! But make it quick, kid, I’m dying here!” said Batgirl, returning her hands to her crotch. “Thank-you!” gasped Supergirl, quickly removing her hand from her crotch, groaning in a futile attempt at holding the flood at bay as once her hand left, the trickle had turned into a steady stream, causing her to hurriedly unbutton and unzip her skirt. She shoved the folded towel under her panties and against her damp labia, and...Suddenly, giant vines broke through the building and wrapped around the two heroines, pinning them to the wall. Poison Ivy walked over to the struggling heroes.

“Well, I guess, sending you two to a maze wasn't enough to stop you trying to ruin my plans. I can’t just let that slide, you realize. You must be punished.” She snapped her fingers, and the vines began to curl around the girls even more, shredding their costumes and exposing their breasts and cunts. Both girls cried out in pain as a vines curled around their swollen bladders. A needle-like vine rose up from the ground and inserted itself into the girl's urethra. “My babies are not so different from you, girls. They too have been laboring under the strain of too much liquid. But now, they have a place to deposit it.” The two heroines cried out in pain as the plants began siphoning the excess water from the main source into the girls’ bladders. Poison Ivy turned and pointed at two guards. “You two! Keep an eye on these intruders; make sure my plants get them nice and full. And bring me a bucket or something, they aren't the only ones who've been skulking about without a bathroom..."

To be continued...

