Diana's Desperation

Author: Sandra

*000*2011-06-26 22:37

I apologize if it's not that good, or if it has spelling errors or contradictions. This is my first story so don't be too harsh on me please.

Various trees rushed by Diana's vision as she rode quickly on her green bike. The sound of the wind whispered into her her ears, and she focused intently on staying in the bike lane next to the busy street. The sun was peeking out from the puffy grey clouds. It had just finished raining, and Diana smiled as she saw a beautiful rainbow splash the sky with bright color.

At the sight of the rainbow, Diana remembered the story of Noah's ark she learned in Bible school as a child. Though she was no longer a part of the faith, the story was intriguing to her, nonetheless. It shall come about, when I bring a cloud over the earth, that the bow will be seen in the cloud, and I will remember My covenant, which is between Me and you and every living creature of all flesh; and never again shall the water become a flood to destroy all flesh. After that vivid memory, Diana slowed down on her bike, for she had just reached an intersection on the street.

She pushed the button on the street pole and awaited her time to cross the street. As she relaxed on her bike seat, she suddenly got tense after a couple seconds. Flood? Diana thought of the bible passage again, except translated it differently in her head. Her crotch had pressed a bit more on the bicycle seat, and that's when Diana knew that she had to hurry home.

Damn it. I really have to pee. Diana looked around, and she was not around any buildings that had a bathroom. Luckily, the seat had served as something to help control her desperate, full bladder, and she knew that she wasn't too far from home. Her hands were still on the handles of the bike and she watched impatiently as more cars raced by. Hurry up, I need to go. The light across from her was still a red hand. She awaited for it to turn into a white walking man.

Diana was wearing tight blue jean capris and a white band tee that said "The Ting Tings." She was a short teenage girl with a curvy figure, big bust, and a shy personality. As her bladder slowly reached it's peak of fullness, her pale cheeks turned red behind her black sunglasses and brown, wispy hair. After what felt like an eternity, the sign finally turned white and she could cross.

"Yes." She whispered, riding her bike across the cross walk and continuing on the bike lane. The bike seat rubbed hard against her crotch, for she had scoot up a bit in order to prevent herself from leaking. The street came to a left turn and she made that turn more sharp than usual. It would only be a few more minutes and she would be home.

She raced by a few houses. Ironically, they all happened to have sprinklers running on their front lawns, and some of the water had gotten on Diana's ankle.

"Why are your sprinklers on? It just got done raining!" The desire to take those words back was instant, for Diana remembered how crazy the people on B street had been when she used to live across from them. They always had their sprinklers on, they vaccumed their houses at midnight, and one lady who lived there had the creepiest, loudest laugh ever. She was glad to have moved away from those weirdos.

"Ah." She muttered. During her thoughts of the neighbors, Diana had unknowingly loosened herself on the seat a little. She felt a tiny spurt of pee spot her underwear. Hopefully it had not leaked through her pants. As she scoot up a bit on the bike again, Diana commited herself to focusing on getting home so she could make it to the bathroom in time. No more daydreaming.

The street had come up to a four way. Diana prepared to make another left, and luckily there was nothing in her way when she did so. She was riding on the side walk instead of the bike lane, and she failed to notice a giant bump that she was approaching. Her bike violently rode over it, causing Diana's bladder to pulse in pain. She couldn't hold it much longer, but she did not give up.

Finally, Diana had reached her house; a white, one story, duplex. She slowed the bike down and came to a stop after she turned into the driveway, squirming her lips on the seat before getting off the bike. As she stepped off of it, she let the bike fall on the concrete, took off and dropped her helmet, and dashed for the front door.

She twisted and turned the door knob, but it appeared to be locked. There was no car in the driveway. Diana loudly knocked on the door, crossing her legs and squirming in desperation. No one answered. She rang the door bell twice and waited a bit longer. Still, no one answered. "Shit." She whispered to herself. "My family must have went somewhere while I was gone."

Diana shoved both her hands onto her crotch as she felt another spurt escape from her bladder. It dotted her capris, just barely though. "No, no..." She whimpered, turning red once again. She could feel her eyes getting watery from her intense desperation, and she was thankful that her sunglasses concealed it.

"I'll go to the neighbors house." She said, running to the neighbors front door. She knocked on it frantically, praying that someone would answer. After a few seconds, the door budged. It opened, and there stood Jake, Diana's kind neighbor who went to school with her. She secretly had a crush on the guy, so she turned even more red at the sight of him.

"Hi, Diana. What's up?" He quickly observed her anxious looking appearance and had concern for the girl right away. "Um, are you okay? You look really red, and-" His eyes traveled down to her legs, and he noticed them bouncing up and down. "Oh, do you need to use the bathroom?"

"Yes..." Diana whimpered, crossing her legs ever so tightly against her bladder that was about to give way. "Please..."

"Yes, of course." Jake respectfully moved a bit to the side and took her hand. "It's this way, I'll show you."

Diana's stomach got butterflies as his hand held hers. Another spurt escaped, and as Jake lead the poor girl through the living room and down the hallway, Diana suddenly quit walking.

"I...can't move..." She whispered, tilting her head down and putting her free hand on her crotch again. Her brown hair fell over her sunglasses that began to fall off her face.

"Come on, we're almost there. Just a few more steps this way-"

"I can't move, or else..." She clamped her thighs tightly together, and tore her hand from Jake's grasp. She also placed it under her bursting bladder.

"No, you can do it. It's okay."

"I....I..." Under her hand, Diana could feel urine leaking through her pants. "No..." The desperate girl tried to keep walking, but even with the aid of her hands, more pee leaked when she took a step. The pain was too much for her to bear. She couldn't make it to the bathroom, there was no use in trying.

The sound of pee escaping Diana's bladder and through her pants caused her to cry in embarrassment. Her sunglasses had fallen off, revealing watery crystal blue eyes. A black spot formed behind Diana's hands and quickly grew larger. The urine seeped through the denim of her capris and went down both pant legs. It drizzled like a waterfall past her knees and onto her white socks, which had been folded down to her ankles. Dotting the wooden floor from the front and behind, Diana crouched down lower in humiliation, avoiding eye contact from Jake as the urine continued to flow.

It seemed like she had peed forever, but it was only a minute or so when the majority of her capris were drenched and a huge puddle had formed beneath her sneakers. She fell on her knees, her bladder giving way before she could make it to the bathroom, and sat and slightly cried in her own puddle. Jake did not laugh or look at all disgusted. He blushed a little and held his hand out to the girl again kindly.

"Jake...I'm so sorry I didn't mean to-" It was obvious that Diana was crying now as she looked up to the tall guy. She had never felt so humiliated in her entire life.

"It happens. Here, let me find you another pair of pants to wear, and you can take a shower here. I'm not at all upset with you, I know it was an accident."

"Ok..." She took Jake's hand once again, and he handed her a towel from the nearby cabinet and smiled at her. As Diana closed the door to take a shower, Jake had quickly cleaned up the puddle with a mop and then found a pair of sweatpants to give Diana. He knocked on the door when she had finished showering, and she opened the door to a crack. He poked the sweatpants through the door crack, and Diana took them silently and quickly closed the door again.

After a few minutes, Diana came out of the bathroom and noticed that her puddle was gone. She felt bad for making her own crush clean her mess, and as she walked down the hallway to the living room, she saw Jake sitting on the couch watching TV.

"Thank you, Jake. You didn't have to...it was nice of you....I...thanks..."

"No problem. I'll wash your pants for you and give them to you later."

"Oh, thank you..." As Diana blushed again and neared the front door, she was thankful that her crush was a kind guy who would probably tell no one about her accident. "I should probably be going then."

"Yeah, feel free to come over anytime. You know..." Jake stood up and neared the shy girl. "I've seen you around school, but I haven't been able to talk to you much. Where are you at lunch, usually?"

"I...I sit at the picnic table behind the cafeteria...with a few friends..."

"Okay. Maybe I can hang out with you there, sometime."

"Yeah..." Diana smiled. "You can if you'd like." As Diana opened the door, she gave her crush one last smile. "Thanks again."

Jake nodded in response and closed the door when she left to pick up her bike and helmet. As he went to the bathroom to wash her soiled pants, he thought to himself, A desperate, shy girl, having an accident at my own house. He took the pants and tossed them in the washer, turning it on and adding soap and more clothes.

I must be the luckiest guy in the world.

*002*2011-06-27 02:18

{{: 

Nice story, the end was cute, but the font is WAAYYYYYYY TOO small, any chance you could fix that?

}}

Ok I fixed it. I made it small because it's hard to see where the paragraphs cut off when the font is bigger.

*006*2011-06-28 08:18

Thank you all. I'm glad you guys liked it. if you didn't know, I am a writer and I usually write up something interesting every day. English is my strong subject.

Anyways, I'll try to make a part 2. As of now I have no ideas but I'll brainstorm.

