Katie Has a Very Public Accident on a Blind Date

Author: katiepee

*000*2015-05-03 03:57

Katie was nervous about her first blind date with someone her best girlfriend, Kelly, set her up with. It had been a long time since she bothered dating anyone and her friend nearly had to force her into it. Katie struggled with relationships due to her wild sexual fantasies which most men found too overwhelming. Any case, Katie figured she needed to keep an open mind.

She ran her fingers through her dark curls and sipped on her beverage. Malibu and Coke was her drink of choice when she wanted to remain loose but still tactful enough to keep her guard up. Swaying back and forth to upbeat, alternative music, she decided to text Kelly.

“I can’t believe you’re forcing me to do this,” said Katie.

“You’ll thank me later. Now hurry and get ready. He’ll be there soon,” responded Kelly.

With a rush of anxiety tingling her nerves, Katie reached for the tequila and took a swig. As the liquor burned her throat she assessed herself in a full length mirror: short, tight black skirt, white tank, sparkly sandals. She looked pretty damn good.

A bleep came from her phone and it was time to meet up with the mystery guy. Katie walked out of her apartment and walked to the bus stop. She rested on a bench and waited for her bus to arrive.

“I’m starting to definitely feel that liquor. Maybe too much for a first date?” She thought to herself.

Soon enough her bus came and boarded. As the bus made it’s way over the bumpy streets, Katie started to realize she probably should have peed before leaving the apartment. It wouldn’t be an issue as the rendezvous point was not far away.

About ten minutes later Katie jumped off her bus and stepped into the coffee shop to meet the guy. She rolled her eyes at the cliché-ness of it all but the liquor gave her the strength to go through with it.

“Hi, are you Katie?” Asked a tall man with dark, curly hair and piercing blue eyes.

“Guilty,” Answered Katie.

“I’m Jeff, it’s nice to meet you in person. I know this is awkward but let’s just have fun.”

“Sure. It’s nice to meet you too.”

Jeff bought her a latte and the two sat and started the meaningless banter of a first date. Katie has a habit of drinking everything too quickly and the latte was no exception. She played with her empty cup as the conversation progressed.

“Let me buy you another one,” suggested Jeff.

“Oh really? That’s so kind. I’m sorry I didn’t realize I drank it so fast.”

“It’s not a problem. I’ll be right back,” he smiled.

As soon as he got up, Katie noticed the pressure building in her bladder. If she were alone she would probably visit the restroom at this point. However, she didn’t want to look stupid in front of Jeff. She was finding him mildly interesting but was still not too excited about the whole thing. Jeff came back empty-handed.

“You know, I decided I’d rather grab a drink with you instead of another coffee,” Jeff stated confidently.

Katie appreciated him being so forward and accepted.

They left immediately and headed down the road for a local bar.

“I just feel like first dates are really weird and think if we have a few drinks, it will help us really get to know each other better,” explained Jeff.

“That’s a good idea. I was actually so nervous before I met you, I already had a couple drinks and a shot,” admitted Katie.

“You didn’t need to do that. You don’t have to be nervous around me.”

Katie blushed and felt her panties get a little damp. She was naturally a submissive in the bedroom and she already pieced together that Jeff was a natural dominant. He might need some direction but the potential was there.

When they got to the bar, it was already pretty crowded. The bar was located in a busy part of town and was surrounded by various other bars and clubs. Jeff fought off drunken customers to order their drinks. Katie shifted uncomfortably as she really started to notice her predicament. She glanced over at the restrooms and noticed an out-of-control line. Her heart sunk. She knew she’d have to hold it until she could convince Jeff to find somewhere else with a shorter line.

Jeff came back with the drinks and began telling Katie about his life again. She sipped on her drink to take her mind off her need to piss. The procrastination from emptying her urine was also triggering her arousal.

One, if not the main, fantasy Katie indulged was her pee fetish. She was reluctant to mention this one to anyone because they typically made her feel weird or disgusting. Katie tried to repress these urges throughout her adult life but they were embedded deep inside her. She loved the feeling of having a full bladder and not making it to the bathroom in time resulting in a sexy accident. She loved feeling pee dripping down her legs. She loved feeling her feet submerged in her puddle.

She wasn’t listening to anything Jeff was saying at this point. She had downed the drink he gave her and he had replaced it with a second extremely strong drink like clockwork. This one was nearly gone as well. Her mind was a mess of mixed signals. She wanted to let her body be carried away in arousal and have an accident in front of all the other drunk people at the bar but she wanted to act like a semi-normal person in front of Jeff. He was, in fact, her best friend’s friend.

“Hey, do you want to head to another bar, there’s a fun one down the street?” Katie offered.

“Nah, I really like this one, let’s just stay here.”

It’s almost like he knew what he was doing. Katie wondered if he was too a fan of desperation and wetting and had picked up on her strange behaviors. She began to dramatize some of her movements to see if he said anything. Plus, she actually needed help to keep holding on. Katie openly crossed her legs and looked over at the bathroom line, then back at Jeff.

“Come on—let’s dance.” He grabbed her hand and pushed his way onto the dance floor.

Katie now knew he was either incredibly unobservant or he was kind of enjoying her show. She needed to go so badly now, her dancing was very rigid and she would have to abort her efforts soon.

At one point during the song she was bumped by someone causing her to leak a split second. Katie gasped and grabbed her pussy the best she could in the tight skirt. The alcohol caught up her too quickly and she really had overestimated her ability to hold on.

“What’s wrong?” inquired Jeff.

“I’m sorry, I just really have to pee,” whined Katie.

“Well there’s the bathroom line over there.”

“I’m afraid it’s too long. I don’t think I can hold it.”

“You have to. You’re a big girl. You’re not just going to have an accident right here.”

Katie was shocked by his response. If she really wasn’t about to lose control she would have to rub herself a few seconds. Her heart, bladder, and clitoris were all pounding as she hobbled over to the infinite line. Jeff followed watching his date disgrace herself. The line only increased Katie’s need and she had to openly hold herself. The people in line around her started to snicker.

“Jeff, I really don’t think I can make it,” said Katie with tears in her eyes.

“There’s no other choice. You have to hold it.”

“What if we go to another bar or outside even?”

“I’m not walking out of here with you like this. You look ridiculous.”

Katie felt a few drops escape into her panties. It was happening. She had started to pee her panties.

More drops came and her hand grew damp. She clenched her pussy as hard as she could for a last ditch effort.

More drops.. a streak slowly started winding down each leg.

“WHAT THE FUCK, KATIE?! ARE YOU wetting YOURSELF?!” Jeff yelled and everyone in line turned to look at her.

It was too much and her bladder gave in completely. Pee gushed through her panties. Most of it poured down her legs and some fell straight to the floor. Her sparkly shoes became immersed in urine. The people in front and behind her quickly moved out the way to avoid being splashed by her accident. Katie had never been so red in her face. She heard laughter, rude comments, felt people pointing at her and could even swear she saw someone take a picture. As she finished emptying, Jeff aggressively grabbed her arm and pulled her out of line. They didn’t talk as he led her out of the bar. She had no idea what to do or say. She always wanted to have a very public accident but this was totally unplanned.

“I’m calling you a cab.” Jeff finally said.

Katie just nodded, her eyes still avoid his. She admired the pee droplets on her already sparkly shoes.

The cab arrived and Jeff put her in and paid. As the cab pulled away, Katie glanced up at him. He had a smirk on his face that was unreadable by her. She wasn’t sure if he secretly loved her accident, if he just loved asserting his control over her, or if he thought she was disgusting. The only thing Katie knew for sure at this point was she was going to always remember her accident in line at the bar while pleasuring herself. In fact, she began rubbing her wet panties in the cab on the way home. Hopefully Kelly wouldn’t ask her how the date went.

*004*2015-05-07 02:53

{{: 

Hahaha -- poor Katie pissed herself and had to supply her own happy ending! Was this story autobiographical?

}}

Let's just say it was based on a true story

Thank y'all for the feedback

