Peed My Panties in Grade 10 Math Class

Author: princesstess

*000*2011-03-29 13:49

I was still in line for the girls room when the bell rings and decided to head for class, rather than staying in line and being late. I really have to go but think I can make it through the period. BIG MISTAKE!

I sit at my desk as the math class starts. Wondering if I should ask to go, but there is no way the teacher would give me permission this early in the period. Also I am very shy about people knowing that I have to go. I still thinks she can make it even though I really needs to go. Its 10 minutes into the period and I already chewing my bottom lip and fidgeting.

Its now 20 minutes into the 3rd period and I am really fidgeting and pushing one of my hands into my tight denim microminiskirt and tugging at the hem with my other hand. I was squeezing my thighs as tightly as I could. I anxiously stare at the clock. I am really getting desperate and I know I really needs to ask but I still feel self-conscious about doing so, though the students around me damn well already know I was really desperate. I’m also worried that the teacher will say no if I ask too early in the period, as he has done that before to another girl, who ended up peeing her panties when he refused her pleading request for permission a second time.

Another 5 minutes go by as my desperation becomes worse and worse. In fact I was already so desperate that I am starting to tremble from the sheer effort to not pee my panties. I finally put up my hand . I need the girls room NOW!

The teacher wasn’t looking. I started panicking that was going to pee my panties before he saw my hand.

My trembling became faster and more violent from my panic as I waited for the teacher to see my hand. Finally he does and says no. No explanation, just no. It is 25 minutes into the period. I am so screwed! My trembling immediately becomes extremely rapid and violent as my panic over knowing I am going to pee my panties for sure drives my desperation through the roof. My eyes water. I see stars. The pain in my bladder is beyond belief.

Its 26 minutes into the period and I am, panicking from being on the verge of peeing her panties. Everybody around me is watching and waiting for me to pee my panties. I’m pushing my hands hard into my micromini . Any second now I was going to pee my panties in front of everybody

I feel so trapped and alone. I am furious at myself for not going before the period and even more furious that the bastard refused me permission.

I start spurting in my panties, quietly freaking out as I feel the warmth grow in my panties with each spurt. I start sobbing.

A couple of girls snigger, another girl besides me encourages her to hold on. Some of the boys look uncomfortable. Some girls and boys look like they want me to pee her panties. Some students whisper quietly among themselves,

Its 27 minutes into the period and the dam breaks. My pee streams down my legs and splatters on the floor with everyone watching and even laughing as I totally pees my panties in front of everybody.

I was in tears. Utterly devastated and humiliated, all I want to do is run and hide in the girls room, but the teacher forces me to sit in my peed panties, puddle at my feet for the rest of the period. Every eye is on me. Some snigger, some look uncomfortable, some look at me with pity, the girl besides me quietly tries to comfort me.

Finally the period is over and several of my friends help me to the girls room. Once they step into the hallway the teasing really starts and I start sobbing again. In the girls room they comfort and calm me, Calmed they help clean me up we talk about it.

