The Porcelain Frog (interactive story) - Page 3

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*058*2014-05-21 22:22

(Sorry for the brief pause guys -_-)

Option 1: Rhetorical question

Option 2:

{{:

Have fun of course. (Curse you for tainting my wonderful suggestion though. *shakes fist*)

}}

{{:

Have fun with her.

}}

{{:

Fun, fun, fun!

}}

{{:

. . . Fun? At work? Are you trying to get fired? What if the manager arrives? What if there are hidden video cameras in the stall? What if "Megan" is actually the manager in disguise conducting a revolutionary new kind of annual performance review?

Paranoia aside, fun please.

}}

{{:

Would anyone here refuse? we should have a little fun.

}}

{{:

Fun is fun

}}

{{:

Have some fun. You deserve a little 'naughtiness' gain after the 'kindness' before to keep the balance in check.

}}

{{:

Have some "fun"! Obviously, this is what we would choose. :)

(Also, as a side note, it would be funny if the little girl came back with her parents in the middle of the "fun", who heard that she wasn't alone in the stall, so they could beat the guy up for doing that. You don't have to use that in your story, but I would like to see that happen.)

}}

{{:

Of course we go with fun xD

}}

"Well... I could use something to wake me up," you respond.

"Sit down then."

You promptly sit down on the toilet, this time without dropping your pants.

Megan sits on your lap. She get close to your face, and wraps you in her arms and her ample bosom. Suddenly, Megan makes a sigh of relief, and your crotch begins to feel awfully warm...

"Does that feel nice?" Megan asks as golden hot pee excretes from her pants and onto yours.

(Place proper response in comments, response will be randomly selected via dice roll)

*062*2014-06-06 03:46

Well... was expecting a bit more response to this so... I guess no dice roll required...

{{:

Oh shi.... I forgot my spare pants this morning...

}}

{{:

Lol... i like this one i think we should use it

}}

"Oh shi... I forgot my spare pants this morning!" you state.

"Hm?" Megan gives you an odd look, "I never knew you brought spare pants to work." She giggles at you as you begin to blush .///.

"Well... don't worry," Megan continues, "There're some aprons in the kitchen that'll cover you up pretty nicely.

You feel your crotch get warmer and wetter as Megan holds you tightly until eventually she ceases her torrent. You can feel her pants all warm and wet as well.

"Alright then," Megan looks at you again with another naughty expression, "now it's your turn."

"My turn? To do what?" you ask.

"You know... now you gotta pee on me."

Well... normally you'd be totally down with that... but the thing is... you actually have no urge or need to pee right now! Your bladder is practically near empty.

- Try your hardest to maybe pee a little?

- Confess that you can't pee?

- Other? (Uberhint: A certain tool, and a certain song could REALLY help right now)

*068*2014-06-10 02:23

{{:

I'm going to assume we need to play the Song of Storms? Either that or the Serenade of Water. We know one of those right? If something happens then we have a new power, but if it does nothing then what have we lost?

}}

{{:

Play the song.

}}

{{:

Play the song of storms on the Ocarina of Time. I can't help but feel bad that we're using a Hyrulian royal family heirloom as a ultra-effective diuretic.

}}

{{:

It's worth it in this case, the royal family will just have to let it slide. But yeah im thinking how everyone else is thinking and you should play your ocarina and see what happens.

}}

From your inventory, you pull out your ocarina and start tooting the song of storms.

Megan gives you a weird look. "Uh... what was that for?"

"Don't ask," you reply.

You wait a few seconds when you suddenly feel the urge to pee arise. Taking one last deep breath, you let out all of your warm piss onto your pants, and onto the lovely lady on top of you. Megan begins to moan loudly with pleasure and holds onto you tighter than ever, burying your face in her chest.

Eventually you trickle out your last few drops. Megan leaps off your lap. You can clearly see both your's and Megan's pants have been fully drenched.

"That felt really good," Megan says with a subtle shrill to her voice. You can't help but blush a bit.

"Well, anyways," Megan speaks, "those aprons I mentioned are in the kitchen. Knock yourself out."

Megan opens the stall door, and leaves it open for you to walk out.

Well, normally it'd be a wise idea to go get an apron right away, or you can do other things.

- Go get apron?

- Talk to Megan?

- Look around restaurant?

- Other?

