Dropped in a new world Arc 1

Author: lightman

*000*2018-04-21 06:15

This is a fixed/updated version. I would like to thank R682 for helping me with spellcheck.)

Dropped in a New World

Chapter 1

'I cursed bitterly, screaming out my frustration as I ran through a sea of trees.

Behind me were a pack of beasts chasing me.

“They're catching up!” the small girl strapped to my back yelled.

“I know that Bab!” I yelled at her as I continued to run. The beasts weren't that strong, but fighting a pack of them was a different story. They could quickly surround us and kill us before we could do anything.

“Why in the hell did you attack the whole pack!?” I yelled to Bab as I jumped over a log.

“I thought there were only three of them. Watch your left!” she yelled.

“FROST!” I yelled, extending my left hand to blast the beast with ice magic. It was only knocked back and soon was chasing us again. “Any ideas?”

“Ya don't stop running!” she yelled, which really didn't help.

It wasn't long however before I had to stop in front of a cliff, A raging current surged below us, and a wild pack of beasts were charging up behind us. We were out of options. I couldn't use my sword. Our mana was getting low... And I could feel Bab’s diaper leaking on my back again!

“You trust me?” I asked Bab.

“Right now? No!” she told me, already knowing what I was going to do.

“Good, neither do I,” I told her, before jumping off the cliff.

Both of us screaming on our way down, the only thing I could think about was how I got here in the first place.

* * *

I was just some average guy. Single, working and saving money to start college in a year or two. The luckiest thing to happen to me in the last three years was getting a ticket for a hiking trip my friend won in a contest. Sadly his grandma passed away and was going to her funeral. To not waste a ticket, he gave it to me.

To be honest, while I was having fun, I really didn't pack well for it. I didn't know much about hiking, and the clothes I bought weren't the best. Just three t-shirts, pants, socks, underwear, and a warm jacket. Luckily, I did get myself some hiking boots, but I also brought my regular pair for when we set camp, and I could be more comfortable. The rest of the gear I got from my friend who was already prepared for himself.

Camping Travel Cooking Utensils Set (cooking scissor, blender spatula, meat knife, cutting board, soup spoon, stainless steel turner, cook fork and a tongs);

TETON Sports Mountain Adventurer 4000 Backpack;

Double Sleeping Bag;

Sundome 2 Person Tent;

SURVIVAL Traveller First Aid Kit;

Magnesium Flints Scraper Stone (3);

Pocket knife;

Flashlight;

12 Survivors - Hand Pump Water Purifier;

Extra rope;

FiveJoy Military Folding Shovel Multi-Tool.

I was all set for the trip. But after the second day, something strange happened. A freak storm hit us in the middle of the hike. None of us knew what was going on until suddenly I saw a flash of light and the storm was gone.

When I opened my eyes, I was inside what looked like ruins. Behind me was an altar with some glowing dust scattered all around it. I was so freaked out about all of this that I ran towards the only exit I could see, and into a small town. People who looked like they were from a renaissance fair just stared wide-eyed at me.

To make a long story short, I freaked out. It took the townspeople two days to explain to me what had happened and why I was here. I was no longer on Earth, but a place called Caruma. almost everything we know about fantasy is from here.

“A long time ago two gods fought over an empty world, but their fight always led to a draw. So they decided if they couldn't decide on the winner with their own power, they would try something else.” the elder of the village told me on the first night. “They created fifteen crystals and hid them around Caruma. Each crystal summons something from another world: Poruma, the black god, summoned monsters; Rilla, the white god, summoned warriors.”

“Wait, i'm not a fighter. Heck i've never even shot anything stronger than a BB gun.” i told them.

“While we say warrior, in actuality it just random people summoned from earth to fight the black gods monsters.” the elder told me.

“Why?” i asked. And the elder just shrugged.

“Who knows.” he told me. “Each crystal could summon one warrior every ten years. The first god to destroy all the crystals would be the winner. Over the next three thousand years, the world was populated by man and monster. Humans built towns and temples around the summoning crystals. Out of the fifteen, seven white crystals have been destroyed, while five dark crystals have been destroyed.”

“But there wasn't a crystal. How was i summoned?” i asked.

“To be honest, we don't know.” the elder told me. “Thirty one years prior, the town was attacked by monsters, and they destroyed the crystal. But if i had to guess, because it was already about to summon a hero, the remaining pieces must have spent the last thirty years collecting power to summon you here before the crystal died.”

Next they then told me how I could go back home. The crystals work as a two-way door. On this side, they gather energy, and in ten years they pull someone over. However, if you bring enough magical power to them, you can have them send you back home. The problem with this is that it usually takes a lot of magic to do so, and there aren't many people who have that type of magic here. So they suggested I go to a city and see if I could find any magic users to send me back.

That's when we reached our final problem. I had no way to get there. When the village was destroyed all those years ago, most people left, and the ones who stayed were now too old or too young to take me. The only exception was a farm boy named John, who was sixteen: two years younger than me. But for him to take me, I had to first make a contract with him...

In this world, the heroes learned how to tap into magic, but it came with a curse. Each person had to wear a unique bracelet and form a contract with another person. This unlocked the power to use magic. However, both people were cursed to never be away from each other for long. Should they be away from each other for six hours they will both die. If one dies, the other has six hours to find someone else to form a bond with or they die as well. The curse can be lifted once the pair complete one of a few select quests, and the bracelets can be removed, while still granting the person the ability to use magic.

The reason John wanted to form a bond is that it would make travelling through the woods a lot easier. He said there aren't many powerful monsters there, but it was better to be safe than sorry.

I had to wait a few more days before the contract could be made. John needed to finish some stuff and prepare before we leave. During that time some people let me stay at their houses, despite knowing I had nothing to offer other than some small work.

On my final night there I was staying at an orphanage. There were only five kids there: two boys, three girls, and a women who took care of them. She asked me to stay with them for the night, as the kids wanted to see what a person from another world looked like.

The kids staying there were from parents who had either died, left for adventure, or just left their children behind, without any idea where their parents now were. It was sad, but the kids enjoyed playing with me. All except one, who only stared at me. The women later told me 'Ema' was the girl's name, and that while she was 14, her body was short and looked more like a 10-year-old. Also, she had some problems. For one, she couldn't speak. Anything that came out of her mouth sounded like gibberish. Next, her hands couldn't hold onto things well, so she was forced to use baby bottles. Lastly, she had to wear diapers: for some reason, her bladder and bowles was just too weak. I honestly felt terrible for her. By the sounds of it, she would have to be taken care of for the rest of her life.

Early in the morning, I said my goodbyes to the kids and followed John into the woods. When a contract was made it would make a bright flash, so we were in the woods so as not to disturb anyone and get a head start toward the next town.

“Ok this should be good,” John said, once we were pretty far from everyone. “Now then, let's begin.”

He then began to chant something, and both of our bracelets began glowing. We both raised our hands ready to form the contract, but stopped when we heard something. The contract ended as we looked around the find what it was.

Upon investigating, we found one of the kids spying on us. It was the Ema girl? Not far from us we heard the orphanage caretaker Alice yelling for the girl. Apparently, Ema chased after us after we left, without telling the Alice.

After a brief talk with the Alice, she was about to take Ema home, when Ema ran up to me.

“Be jvy ruwvj ox jvy woz, gy bojv hog c bozupw,” Ema said, as she grabbed my hand, wanting me to kneel in front of her.

“What’s wrong?” I asked her.

“Wuhy ik jvy nogyl op oil toilpye cpz gy xuwvj xol jvy luwvj,” she said.

Suddenly my bracelet began to glow again.

“NO!” John yelled and tried to stop it, but it was too late. A bright flash hit my eyes, and for a few moments, I couldn't see anything! I just heard the same thing being repeated.

“YES YES YES!” a girl cried out in excitement.

“EMA! What did you do!” the women yelled, and when I could finally see, I saw the Ema girl jumping up and down with excitement.

“I finally did it! I'll finally be free!” Ema said, until Alice grabbed her by the hand.

“What did you do!?” Alice yelled at Ema.

“She just formed a contract. How did she even do that?” John asked.

That's when I looked at the girl's arm and saw a smaller bracelet on her.

“Yep, and now I can finally get out of here,” Ema said with a sly smile on her face.

“How did you even get a bracelet in the first place? And how did you activate the spell?” John asked her.

“I stole it from Miss dumb-cunt here,” Ema said and nodded at Alice. “And anyone who knows magic knows that simple spell.”

“I think the bracelet is mine,” Alice told John. “My husband was an adventurer.”

“But that still doesn't explain how she knew the spell,” he replied.

“Wait, didn't she just say she already knew the spell?” I asked, and everyone looked at me.

“Wait, you can understand me!” Ema yelled surprised.

“Of course I can, you're not speaking gibberish anymore,” I told her confused.

“What are you talking about?” Alice asked.

“She’s still talking the same,” John told me. “Just gibberish.”

“The bracelets! You can understand me because of the bracelets!” Ema yelled.

“What do you mean? How can the bracelets do that?” I asked and looked at John who seemed very confused.

“Enough of this nonsense I'm taking you home Ema, and you're now grounded!” Alice grabbed the girl and started pulling her away.

“Stop! My name isn't Ema, it's Bab! And I'm not going anywhere!” she yelled as she tried to resist the much bigger woman.

“Wait, I need to figure this out,” I told Alice.

“I'm sorry, but she needs to go home. I think all this stimulant is just being too much for Ema,” she told me.

“I'M NOT EMA!” the girl screamed, as the women jumped when electricity popped out of the girl's hands. Once let go, she ran over and got behind me.

“She can already use magic!” John said in amazement.

“Ema, it's time to come home.” Alice told her again.

“I'm not Ema, I'm Bab. Tell her!” the girl yelled at me.

“She said her name’s not Ema but Bab,” I told Alice, and Bab nodded in agreement.

“Could she be speaking another language and it's only after the contract was formed that you can understand her?” John asked me.

After this, it just became a back and forth discussion about me understanding Bab. We had to prove I could understand her and after a long time, we finally came to the conclusion that I could. But shortly after that, we got into the central and most prominent problem. I was now connected to a tiny child, and I still needed to leave!

After a lengthy discussion about everything, it was finally decided I had to take Bab with me. Because of the curse, we couldn't be more than forty feet from each other for more than six hours, and I couldn't stay in the town. I had to find a way home.

So i had to make the most important decision of my life!

“Ok, as soon as you sign this you will have officially adopted Ema.” Alice told me.

“BAB!” Bab yelled.

“Its Bab, remember?” I asked as i sign the last of the paperwork.

“Oh, right. Sorry i'm still not use to that name yet.” Alice told me as she sits in her office chair.

So, I wound up having to adopt Bab, and forced to take her with me on my journey. Sadly, because of her John could no longer come with us. The plan was to use the magic to get through safely, but without it, it just became too much of a risk, when he would have to come back alone.

With the paperwork out of the way, we decided it would be best to stay one last day and let Bab get ready. Tomorrow we will leave in the morning.

Throughout the day Bab was being bombarded with questions from the other kids, but she just tried to ignore them. She was too busy packing clothes in what looked like a pink school backpack. It wasn't that big but amazing she fit 3 pairs of pants, 3 shirts, and 3 pairs of socks. Along with a spare blanket and a pillow.

“Are you sure that's all you want to bring?” I asked Bab. but she ignored me too.

“Ok kids, it's time for bed,” Alice told the kids.

I watched as she went to each kid and tucked them in and saying their goodnights before her and I went downstairs to have a little chat.

“Are you positive you have to go?” Alice asked me.

“If I don't then I can't go back home. I have family and friends I need to get back to.” I tell Alice who made us tea.

“But going out there with a child, I still think it's too dangerous,” she told me.

“I know that. But what am I supposed to do?” I asked Alice and took a sip of my tea and nearly spit it out. I really don't like tea.

“I know this village isn't much, but you could still have a good life. Just the two of you,” she told me.

“I do know about that. But I still need to go. How would you feel if you suddenly went to my world and you could never see your friends, family, or kids?” I asked her.

“I would do anything to get back to them,” Alice told me. “But Bab is still small and helpless.”

“I know she has her problems. Which is why I'll do what I can to protect her.” I tell Alice who just shakes her head.

“It's not just protecting her. It's everything else. I don't even think she thought it out when she formed this bond. No one else can understand her but you. Her hands are messed up and can barely hold objects with 2 hands. her small body means she can't walk or run as fast as you can and she gets tired more easily.” Alice told me.

“I can translate for her, I can feed her, and I don't mind walking slower, or I can just carry her,” I tell Alice, but again she shook her head at me.

“There's still one last problem,” she told me.

“What's that?” I asked.

“You'll see,” she told me before she went to bed.

I slept in the guest room again, and luckily it was still in the safe within 20 feet from Bab that the curse wouldn't affect us.

I was awoken the next morning by a knock on the door.

“Are you decent?” Alice asked. I was, and she came into the room with Bab.

“Whats up?” I asked with a loud yawn.

“It's time to see the big problem,” Alice told me.

Confused I looked over to Bab who face was bright red and didn't want to look at me. Alice then grabbed Bab’s Pants and had them fall to the ground exposing a very full diaper. That's when it hit me that I would have to be the one to change this girls diapers and my face got red.

“If you still insist on going you are going to at least know this much,” she told me and places a small mat on my bed and had Bab sit on it.

Bab was then forced to lay down, and she covered her face in embarrassment. I guess she really didn't think this through. Alice then told me I had to be the one to change her diaper, telling me she would walk me thru it.

First, I unfastened the tabs on the dirty diaper and pulled down the front half of the dirty diaper. There the sight and smell nearly made me gag. I was then told to use the front half of the diaper to wipe the bulk of the mess off of Bab's bottom. Next to fold the dirty diaper in half under her, with the clean side up. I was then handed a damp cloth and told to wipe from front to back as this helps keep bacteria from causing an infection. Then I took the dirty diaper and wrapped it up and placed it off to the sided. It really stinks, but at least the worst was over. Finally, I placed a clean diaper under Bab and sprinkled the baby powder over her area before taping the diaper shut, Alice even told me the diaper should be snug but not so tight that it pinches.

Bab was now in a clean diaper but looked like she was close to crying after having her diaper changed by a not only a stranger but a guy.

“What do you say to Alex for changing you?” Alice asked Bab who for the first time today finally looked at me.

“Thank you,” she said in a meek voice before running off somewhere.

“My offer still stands. You can still stay here if you want and I can still help with taking care of Ema, sorry Bab.” Alice told me.

“I know this is going to be hard but I think we will be alright,” I tell her.

Alice could only sigh and give me a diaper bag full of supplies I would need for Bab. with enough diapers to last us quite a while. I strapped the diaper bag to the bottom of my own to make it easier to carry.

After an excellent breakfast, we said our goodbyes. The kids were crying that Bab was leaving and even Alice looked like she was about to start crying.

“Please be good now Ema, sorry force of habit, I mean Bab,” Alice told Bab before embracing her in a hug.

“I will,” Bab told her, and I translated.

They watched as we walked away from the orphanage before disappearing behind the trees.

“Please stay safe,” Alice whispered.

In the end, this is where our adventure began: dropped in a new world.

(ill be doing character bios attached to this new updated story. but will be doing them on DA.)

%https://redwelch2222.deviantart.com/art/DiaNW-Character-bio-Alexander-March-741388919

%https://redwelch2222.deviantart.com/art/DiaNW-Character-bio-Bab-Ados-741389109

%https://redwelch2222.deviantart.com/art/DiaNW-Character-bio-John-nile-741389234?ga_submit_new=10%3A1524290287

*001*2018-04-22 07:19

Chapter 2

The first time I fought a monster I was nearly killed.

As Bab and I traveled, Bab helped to explain things to me: such as stats. By holding up the bracelet, I could see a stats board.

Alexander March

Stats- lv1

HP-30

Attack-3

Defence-4

Speed-3

Regen-1

Manna-5

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv1

HP-15

Attack-1

Defence-1

Speed-1

Regen-1

Manna-100

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning.

“Wow,” I said as I looked at everything.

“Yep, now let me explain. Those stats are basically what you are like as a normal human, but with the bracelet, you can absorb energy from monsters you kill to increase your strength,” Bab explained.

“This feels like a video game,” I told her.

“I have no idea what that is, but if it's your equivalent, then it makes sense. The magic makes it appear in a way that will make the most sense to you,” she told me.

“I guess that makes sense. But why are our stats so different? Why is your mana thing so high?” I asked.

“None of your business. Just know that I'm stronger in magic, so I have a higher mana,” she told me.

For a kid, she kept a lot of secrets. For starters, she still wouldn't tell me why she formed a contract with me; just that she needed to get away. Next, she wouldn't explain why everyone can only hear gibberish from her: only that it doesn't matter now that I can translate. And now this mana thing...

“Ok, then can you tell me about ‘class’, ‘skills’, and ‘elements’ then?” I asked her, since she already knew this.

“Class is just that. The type of class you belong to. Warrior, archer, mage, etc. There are a lot of different classes, and most have their own specialties. You'll see more of them when we get to town. The skills come with the class. For example, as a mage, I can make potions a lot easier than if I was anything else. And if I become a higher class I will be able to use alchemy.” she told me.

I made a note to myself: I'd have to look into the different classes later.

“Finally the element: everyone has one. There is fire, water, wind, earth, lightning, ice, dark and light. Based on those eight, everyone can use magic based on the type they have.”

“Wait, I can use magic!?” I stopped to exclaim. “How!?”

Bab sighed,

“Do you see the monster over there?” Bab pointed to a small blob on the ground not too far from our path. “That's an earth slime. Very weak and no attack. I want you to walk over to it and think of shooting ice at it.”

Excited, I ran over to it. The slime didn't even move when I got close. I raised up my hand and thought about shooting ice. Shooting ice, shooting ice...

“Why isn't it working?” I asked as I turned around.

“Magic isn't that simple. You have to focus on the magic and use your mana to make the spell appear,” she told me, as she began to climb a tree.

I had no idea what she meant, but I tried again. Trying to focus, to feel the mana in me and expel it….. I was standing there for ten minutes before ice suddenly shot out of my hand and froze the slime!

“Congrats: you can use a simple frost attack. Now, a quick tip: name it frost and try to remember the feeling you had when you used it. It'll make it easier to use the attack later.” Bab told me from up in the tree.

Just as she said that, another slime monster appeared and I decided to test it out.

“Frost!” I yelled, and just like she said it was a lot easier.

Bab was even clapping her hands. Soon more slime appeared, and I used it again. But then I noticed more slimes kept coming, and soon I was surrounded.

“Frost!” I yelled to get rid of them, but nothing happened. “Frost! Why isn't it working?!”

“You're out of mana. That spell only uses two mana, but you only have five mana and one regen. Regen restores your life and mana every five minutes. So you'll have to wait ten minutes before you can use it again.” she told me.

“Then how do I get rid of them!?” I yelled at her.

“You have a knife, use it!” she yelled down to me.

I pulled out the pocket knife I had and began slashing and stabbing at the slimes, but the more I did, the more they seemed to pop up. Soon they were latching onto me and crawling on me.

“What are they doing!?” I yelled

“They’re slimes. While they can't attack, they swarm onto creatures to immobilize them and wait for them to die, before slowly digesting them.” Bab said, with a sly smile on her face.

I suddenly began to panic and slash more at them, but they just kept coming.

“HELP ME!” I yelled to Bab, who was laughing her ass off. Finally, she raised her hand and fired electricity at me! I closed my eyes and braced for the shock, but felt nothing.

When I opened my eyes, they were all gone, and I didn't feel a thing. Bab was still laughing.

“You tricked me!” I yelled, realizing she already knew what was going to happen.

“Of course! But it's still too funny!” she laughed. “The way you were freaking out! Priceless! Wow!”

Because of the laughter, she leaned a little too far back and fell out of the tree. I ran over to see if she was ok.

“Are you ok?” I asked her.

“Ya, I'm fine,” she said to me as she started to get up, but stopped. “What the?”

We looked behind her to see a slime on her hand, this one yellow. Bab then raised her other hand and shot a bolt of electricity at it, but nothing happened.

“What’s wrong?” I asked.

“This one's an electric slime. They're immune to electric attacks,” Bab said, before turning to me with her hand raised out. “Give me the knife.”

“Oh no. I thought you were such an expert on slimes. You should be able to kill out yourself.” I told her, a little mockingly.

“Ha ha, very funny, you made fun of a little girl. Now help me…” she beganto say, before she suddenly got a confused look on her face, which went to pure terror, and she screamed!

“What is it!?” I asked frantically, looking around and seeing nothing, before looking back at Bab who was desperately trying to remove the pants she was wearing, but was having trouble with the one hand.

“HELP ME!!!!” she screamed, and caused me to jump a bit, before I crouched down and helped her with the pants.

I helped pull them off, and I saw why she was screaming. A slime was going into the back of her diaper. She had landed right on top of another slime, and it found its way into the back of her pants and into the now-expanding diaper.

“Git it out! Git it out! Git it out! GET IT OUT!!!!!” she screamed.

“Aw, is the baby filling her diaper?” I teased, now knowing it was harmless and to get her back for earlier.

“I'm sorry, please help me!” the girl pleaded, with tears forming in her eyes.

“Ok, I will,” I said, but stopped when I noticed more slimes started to appear.

“Oh shit...” I cursed.

So I stabbed my knife into the yellow slime, freeing Bab’s hand, before scooping the girl up and running away.

“What are you doing!? Get it out!” she yelled at my face.

I ignored her for a moment and kept running.

Once we were away, I put the girl down. By know, she was bawling her eyes out from the slimy feeling in her diaper. I quickly yanked it off and pulled the slime away from her before stabbing it. There were a few more minutes of crying, while I helped clean the slime off and taped a new diaper on her.

From that day on she gained a big fear of slimes.

Alexander March

Stats- lv2

HP-31

Attack-4

Defence-5

Speed-3

Regen-1

Manna-6

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv2

HP-16

Attack-1

Defence-2

Speed-2

Regen-1

Manna-100

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning.

*002*2018-04-25 03:17

As fun as it was playing with slimes, we decided to stop and have lunch. I pulled out two sandwiches and poured two cups of water. I set Bab’s sandwich down right in front of her while I took a bite out of my lunch.

“Whats wrong?” I asked after a minute of her just staring at the food.

“I can't eat that,” she told me.

“Why? What's wrong with it?” I asked, as I looked down at the sandwich.

“I can't pick it up,” Bab told me with her face blushing a bit.

Oh right, she couldn't use her hands for some reason. So I moved closer to her and picked the sandwich up and held it in front of her. She was still blushing at the humility, but took a bite anyway.

The hardest part, however, came with the cup of water. I tried to hold it up for Bab, but that only ended up with us spilling a bit of it on Bab’s shirt. Luckily it wasn't too big a wet spot and would dry by itself, but we had to think of a better way then cups. That's when I remembered I had a baby bottle Alice gave me. Bab’s face blushed even harder when I got the bottle ready and held it up for her.

“I can do this!” Bab said as she took the bottle out of my hands and began to drink from it. She had to use both hands and looked like she was about to drop it at any moment.

“So can you tell me what happened to your hands?” I asked after a few moments.

She ignored me as she finished her bottle. So I decided I'd bring it up later.

With lunch finally over, I decided to fight a few more monsters on the way to town. After a few hours, we had foughten different types of bugs and slimes. Bab would never get near the slimes and just had me fight them. By the end, we gained a few levels.

Alexander March

Stats- lv5

HP-35

Attack-7

Defence-7

Speed-5

Regen-2

Manna-8

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv5

HP-20

Attack-2

Defence-2

Speed-2

Regen-2

Manna-110

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning.

“Hey Bab, if I'm doing most of the work how are you gaining levels as well?” I asked.

“The bracelets splits the energy gained by killing monsters between both people,” she explained.

“Well, in that case, get your butt over here and help, so we'll get levels faster,” I told her.

“But I don't want to get my clothes dirty. Besides if you get surrounded again, then I'll use my magic to save you,” Bab told me, which reminded me of something:

“Hey, earlier you shot lightning at me and the slimes, why didn't I feel anything?” I asked.

“Energy magic can't hurt a caster’s partner because of the bond,” she told me. “That means my lightning won't hurt you no matter how much I shock you.” As if to prove a point she tried to zap me.

“HEY!” I yelled in surprise, but realized i didn't feel anything.

“See?” Bab commented.

We decided to stop after that and finish walking the last few miles to town. When we got there Bab looked like she was going to collapse from exhaustion. To be honest, I'm surprised she even made it this far.

“Excuse me, but might you be a warrior from the other world?” a slightly overweight man asked.

The man was about a foot shorter than me and looked like he had a reclining hairline.

“Um, ya?” I said, not really knowing what to say.

“Excellent! I've been waiting for someone like you!” he said, as he came closer to shake my hand. “You people always bring with you some interesting things! Might I be allowed to see what you have?”

The man was starting to creep me out as he tried to reach for my backpack, until Bab shot a little electricity near him.

“How dare you, brat!” he yelled at Bab.

“He’s a scammer. He’s trying to look at what you have and tell others so they can steal it from you later,” Bab told me.

“What nonsense are you speaking? You really need to keep brats like that in line, she almost hit me!” the man said as he scowled at Bab, who also glared back.

“I'm so sorry, my sister really doesn't like strangers,” I told him, just trying to defuse the situation.

“I demand compensation for this trauma!” the man demanded, which made Bab mad.

I could see she was charging up another electric attack and if I didn't do something now this could get really bad.

“Marvo! What are you doing!” someone yelled as we all looked over to see who said it.

There were two knights in armor walking towards us. One was a woman with long black hair. The other was a man who was just slightly shorter than the woman, with dark brown hair, and carrying a staff with a blade at the end.

“Marvo, don't tell me you are causing more problems now.” the woman said.

“No ma’am, I was just getting compensation from this fine gentleman,” Marvo told her.

“Compensation for what?” she asked him.

“This child fired electricity at me!” he replied.

The women looked at me, then at Bab, who was behind me. Then she looked back at the Marvo guy.

“I don't see any injury, and based on past behaviors we've had with you, I'm inclined to believe you were trying to scam these fine people,” she told him, similar to what Bab had noted earlier.

“I was doing nothing of the sort!” Marvo exclaimed, looking as if he was offended by what she said.

“Ok then, let's just settle this by going our separate ways,” the woman said, with a smile on her face.

“B-but my compensation!” Marvo tried to say, but the guy in armor pointed his staff at Marvo.

“Seeing as you're not physically hurt, you can either leave now or we can take you in on suspicion of scamming tourists again.” the guy told him.

Without another word, Marvo left, although I could see he was disappointed.

“Sorry, you had to be a part of this. Marvo is a well-known scammer here. He’ll try to take a look at young travelers’ belongings and sells the info to local thieves, who will try and steal your belongings,” the women explained to us. “By the way I'm Sherry, and this is Noah.”

“I'm Alex, and this is Bab,” I told them as I stepped away to reveal Bab better.

“It's nice to meet you both,” Noah replied. “I'm actually glad I got to meet someone like you.”

“What do you mean?” I asked.

“People from the other world come here once every ten years. So you’re a rare sight,” Bab explained.

“Oh, that makes sense,” I say as I looked down at her.

“Wait you can understand that gibberish?” Noah asked.

“Y-ya.” I replied, and remembered people couldn't understand Bab.

From there I told them the our story thus far, excluding the slime monsters and Bab’s other problems.

“Damn, that explains why you showed up. Ever since the crystal was destroyed, this side of Misae doesn't get many travelers,” Sherry told us.

“I'm sorry, but I've only been here a few days. Can you explain what Misae is?” I asked them.

They agreed, but we decided to move to a different location. We went to a local bar close to us and got a table. Once we sat down Sherry began to explain the world to me.

“The world is divided into two continents. The one we’re on is Misae and were currently on the southern point of it. Below Misae, there are two islands. On the other side of the world is Guadalupe. Between the two continents there is a small island,” she told me.

‘Ok, simple enough,’ I thought.

“On Misae, there are currently six light crystals and two dark crystals. This is why there are a lot of low tier monsters here, while the stronger ones are farther north where the two dark crystals are located,” Sherry explained.

“Guadalupe is another story. As it has eight dark crystals and two light. Over there, there’s nothing but powerful monsters. As it stands, the white god is slowly starting to lose this battle.” Noah commented.

“Would you mind explaining Classes to me? I’m just recently level five and have no idea what to do,” I told them.

So they told me.

There are a bunch of different classes, and as a base, I can change into any number of them. Once I turn into a class, they will branch off into stronger forms of that class with different strength and abilities. But once I become a class I won't be able to change to a different one until I complete specific tasks to become them.

The classes are

Fighter- they are generally meant for strength and can turn into things like a knight.

Bow- they use long-range weapons and can turn into archers.

Mage- they use magic and can turn into things like sorcerer or Wiccans.

Roge- they are more for stealth and small weapons. They can become ninjas.

Tamer- they can actually tame monsters and have them fight for you. But that is very risky.

Each class will also level up stats differently and specific gear can only be used by people in that type of class, such as heavy armor just being used by heavy knights.

“I would suggest you become a fighter,” Noah suggested. “They use most weapons, and they have the most class branches.”

They also told me that it was possible to combine classes. As long as I meet the requirements of two different classes like a knight and archer I could become a bow knight. Also while it's rare there are chances to get different classes by beating powerful monsters, such as killing a dragon could grant you an opportunity to become a dragon knight or such.

I was absolutely fascinated by it all!

They tried to suggest ‘Rogue’ for Bab, as they are stealthy and tend to be out of battle. But they were surprised Bab was already a mage.

“Mage is very hard to use,” Sherry told us. “They can use a lot of powerful spells, but use up lot of mental strength and mana to use them.”

I didn't bother telling them Bab already had high magic… I think…

“Well, if you are positive on the mage, then let me give you something,” Sherry told Bab.

She raised her hand into the air, and I watched as it disappeared! Her hand then reappeared and in it was what looked like a hair clip with a small flower on it.

“What the hell was that!?” I yelled, and caused the people in the bar to look over at us.

“Oh, you must have never seen that spell yet. It's called ‘storage’. It's like a pocket dimension you can use to store some of your gear, but it can only hold so much. You get it as soon as you select a class,” Noah told me.

“Here, this is for you,” Sherry told Bab as she held out the hair clip. But Bab didn't take it. “It's an item that helps boost your regen.”

Upon hearing that, Bab took it and placed it in her hair making her look even more like a cute little girl.

“Thank you,” Bab told her, but did not bother looking at Sherry when she said it.

“I'll take that as a ‘thank you’,” Sherry said with a smile.

“Is it really ok to just give her that?” I asked.

“Ya, I got it as a gift when I first started out, and even when I got something better I held onto it thinking it might come in handy one day,” she explained. “I think she will make better use of it now than me.”

“By the way, I want to ask you something,” Noah said to me as he also reached into his storage and pulled out a little bag. “I'm guessing you don't have any money. So I want to buy something off of you.”

“Wait, is this like with Marvo?” I asked.

Even Bab was glaring at him.

“Nonono! He was just going to look at what you had and have someone else take it. I legitimately want to buy something.” Noah said as he pulled out a few gold coins from his bag. I looked over to Bab who calmed down and gave a slight shrug.

After thinking about everything I had, I laid out one Magnesium Flints Scraper Stone, my Flashlight, and my shoes. Out of everything I had, those were the only things I could think of to sell. I already had 2 more scrapers, I was hoping I wouldn't need the flashlight, and I still had my boots which are better to travel with.

After looking at everything, I had to offer, Noah gave me 1 gold for the scraper, 4 for the shoes, and 6 for the flashlight.

I was quite shocked by how much I was given. I had to ask Bab if it was even a good deal or not. She told me it was.

“We don't get things like this from your world often. So when people like you show up, this is the best way to get rare items from another world,” Noah explained.

With this, Noah began to explain this world's currency. Gold, silver, bronze, and copper. Copper being compared to coins: they're the smallest, and it takes 100 of them to make bronze. Bronze being like dollars, and takes 100 to earn silver. And 100 silver to make gold.

With this, they decided to show us a shop to get some better gear than what we already had.

I got an enhanced basic gear set. A new protective shirt, pants and even gloves. I would have got boots as well, but they didn't come with any unique buffs like the rest did so I stuck with the ones I had.

As for Bab, they had nothing for her.

She was one of 5 kids to ever wear a bracelet on the last 50 years, so they didn't have anything in her size. But they did have some expensive accessories she could wear, that would work just as nicely.

We were told if we ever get to a larger city we could get a tailor to make her unique armor, but for now, the accessories would do. She got a bracelet, a necklace, and a ring. All together we spent 6 gold and 50 silver.

After that, we went to get a weapon. I couldn't just keep fighting with just my knife after all. After holding and swinging everything, I learned I liked swords the best. After taking a lot of time to think I used the 20 silver I had to get a cheap used sword.

Bab tried to say I was stupid for getting something so cheap like that, but I reminded her about our levels. We were still low levels and even if I were to get the strongest weapon I could get (which wouldn't be much better.) we would then be out of money. Plus I didn't know how to use a sword, so at least by getting this one I could practice until i can get something better.

All gear and weapons are divided into different ranks as well. D, C, B, A, and S. Thanks to the money we got, all our equipment was at least C ranked.

By now it was getting dark and I could hear Bab’s stomach growling.

“Come on let's find an inn and get some food,” I told her, ready to get a good night's sleep.

Alexander March

Stats- lv5

HP-35 (+4)

Attack-7 (+3)

Defence-7 (+5)

Speed-5 (+2)

Regen-2 (+1)

Manna-8

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-old sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv5

HP-20 (+10)

Attack-2

Defence-2 (+10)

Speed-2 (+5)

Regen-2 (+3)

Manna-110

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Monney ###

Gold 3)

Silver 80)

Bronze 0)

Copper 0)

###

Marvo walked into his regular bar, where he ran into a few of his “business” partners.

“What are you doing here Marvo? You know you’re not allowed back here after what happened last time,” one of them told him.

“I-I know, but I wanted to make up for the lost profit,” Marvo told him, slightly trembling as he spoke.

“How?” the man asked.

“W-we seem to have gotten someone from the other world today,” Marvo told them. “H-he was wearing a nice backpack and i suspect there should be something good inside.”

The man smiled as he chugged back a beer.

“BARTENDER!” the man yelled. “Get this man a beer, I think he might have helped us get a nice payday!”

The bar cheered as Marvo let out a smile.

*003*2018-04-28 16:22

A night at the inn was thirty copper: twenty for the night and ten for the meal they sent to our room.

After our dinner and after making a mental list of everything we had, Bab and I argued about who got the bed. Bab argued that because she was a girl she should have it. My argument was that I was the one doing all the fighting, so I should get the bed. This went on for about 10 minutes before we decided on rock paper scissors. Bab won best 2 out of 3...

I'm just glad my sleeping bag was still comfortable.

But before I could get into the sleeping bag to sleep, Bab had me get out of the room while she changed into her pajamas. I couldn't see why, considering I'd already had to clean her diaper area 3 times now. Heck, I’d just cleaned it a few minutes ago.

When she finally let me back in, all I could do was arch my eyebrow as I saw Bab all balled up under the blankets.

“Good night,” she said.

“Um, ya, good night?” I replied, before getting undressed to just my underwear and climbing into the sleeping bag, before blowing out a candle.

###

“I need to pee,” I said out loud in the middle of the night as I woke up.

I sat up in the dark room and I could just barely make out the outline of Bab sprawled out on the bed. I slowly got up, trying not to disturb her as I grabbed the candle and left the room. Using a match, I lit the candle and made my way to the bathroom.

When I finally made it back to my room, I was about to blow out the candle when a stench hit my nose. I looked over at Bab and saw something else that was puzzling. Bab was in a messy diaper, sprawled out on the bed with a pacifier in her mouth. I didn't remember her having the pacifier packed in the diaper bag. I decided to ask her about it later. For now, I had to decide on something: either I tried to go back to sleep with a window open for the smell, or I changed her while she slept.

I opened the window before I grabbed Bab’s diaper bag and pulled out the changing mat. Going as slowly as possible, so as to not wake her, I put the mat under her and began un-taping the diaper.

Suddenly her head bobbed up off the pillow as she sleepily looked at me.

“Wap yooo domen?” Bab sleepily asked with the pacifier still in her mouth.

“Um, I'm just changing the diaper, go back to sleep,” I whisper to her.

She said something, but the pacifier muffled the sound as her head hit the pillow again. With that out of the way, I began to wipe the girl down before taking the diaper and throwing it in the trash, and placing something over the garbage to block off the smell. I then proceeded to powder Bab, then put the new diaper on. It wasn’t a moment too soon, as she rolled over and began to shiver slightly. I closed the window as the smell was now mostly gone, before pulling Bab’s blanket back over her and tucking it in.

“Goodnight, little girl,” I whispered, before I went back to sleep as well.

###

“No way!” Bab yelled, and I shot up from my sleeping bag.

“What!?” I shouted back and began looking around the room. Nothing was there, and I looked at Bab, who was now staring at her diaper. “What's wrong?”

“I'm not in a messy diaper!” she shouted, with a smile on her face.

“Of course not, I changed you in the middle of the night!" I angrily told her, as I plopped back down. "Now let me sleep a little longer!”

Bab just stared at me. Her smile was slowly fading, as her face blushed from realizing she was wrong about staying clean through the night. It went redder when she realized I changed her while she was asleep, and she didn’t remember waking up; redder still when Bab realized she just freaked out over nothing, and finally bright red when Bab realized I saw her pacifier she was trying to hide from me.

So in frustration, she jumped off the bed and right on top of me.

###

“What the hell,” I told her half an hour later as I checked the giant bruise she left on my side, as we walked down the street.

“You deserve it,” she told me with a pout on her face.

“And you needed a change, you smelly little girl,” I told her and watched as her face went red again, and she kicked me in the leg.

Today we decided on doing a little training with our new gear. With it, I was finally able to fight more than just insects and slimes, but also a few wild beasts.

Bab had to show me the difference between a Beast and a regular animal. Beasts or monsters all have some type of very tiny jewel somewhere on their body. Every time I killed one, Bab would run over and pull the jewel out, and place it in a small bag she had with her.

“What are those?” I asked.

“Their just jewels the monsters have. They have a small amount of magic in them, and magic users use them in all types of ways. We can sell them for some easy money later,” Bab explained.

Well, if we could sell them later, then that should help us out quite a bit.

By the time lunch came around, I was exhausted as I checked the stats.

Alexander March

Stats- lv8

HP-47 (+4)

Attack-12 (+3)

Defence-12 (+5)

Speed-9 (+2)

Regen-3 (+1)

Manna-12

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-old sword (C)

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv8

HP-29 (+10)

Attack-4

Defence-4 (+10)

Speed-4 (+5)

Regen-4 (+3)

Manna-119

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

I was pretty happy with the number of levels we got. We might even get to lv10 before tonight.

We had just finished eating, and I was handing over Bab’s bottle to drink when we heard something behind us.

“What are you two doing?” Noah asked.

Bab immediately popped the nipple of the bottle out of her mouth and rushed behind me in pure embarrassment.

Man today just wasn't her day.

“Noah? Why are you here?” I asked, hoping to dodge the question.

“I came here to train a bit, but got sidetracked when I noticed some moron left a ton of monsters unpicked. Man, what an idiot!” Noah told me.

“Um, what's that…?” I asked, already knowing it had to be me by the blank stare he was giving me.

I was lucky; Noah was helpful and gave me most of the items he picked up, and explained it to me. All monsters have what video games would call drops. Beasts, for example, have fangs and tusks that can be removed and used for later. If I had the skill, I could even skin the Monsters and sell the fur as well.

Out of everything Noah kept two out of four silver fangs I had. It was payment for not only gathering the items, explaining what they are and that I could sell them, but also giving them all back.

For the next few hours, Noah joined us as we trained and showed me a bit more about gathering items, and even helped me with fighting with a sword.

“You're really starting to get the hang of this,” Noah told me as he and Bab watched as I killed another monster. “Hey Bab, do you think you can do me a favor?”

“What?” Bab replied.

“With that confused look, I'm guessing that was a ‘what.' Ok, do you see those flowers over there?” Noah asked as he pointed a few yards away to a clearing full of flowers. “They can be ground up and made into an awesome drink. Since you're not doing anything, can you go pick them?”

“Fine,” was her response, as she walked over to the flowers.

“What's she doing?” I asked, when I walked over to him.

“I asked her to pick some flowers for a moment, while I talked to you,” he told me.

“About what?” I asked.

“Why were you giving her a bottle?” he asked. I was really hoping he forgot that.

“It a weird story,” I told him.

“Weird, as in you have her call you 'Big Daddy' or...?” he asked, and my face blushed from that statement.

“Oh no no no, she has a few things wrong with her body. One of them being her hands. She cant hold things right and spills cups. She can barely hold the bottle herself.” I explain to him.

“Ok now that makes a lot of sense,” he told me, now understanding some of the weird shit. I'm just glad he didn't see a diaper change. “Man, that must be rough on a 10-year-old.”

Just then we heard a scream come from Bab, and looked as she shot lightning at what seemed like an enormous fucking bear!

“Fuck!” Noah yelled as he bolted into action, with me following him.

The bear was at least twice my size, at twelve feet. The bear seemed not even fazed by Babs electricity, as it roared and began to charge at her.

Noah got right in front of it and slashed at it with his bladed staff as I ran and grabbed Bab.

“Get her away first, then come help!” Noah yelled. I had no problem with that, as I ran as fast as I could with her in my arms.

“Why didn't your lightning do anything? I asked.

“It must have an ability, something to resist electricity,” Bab said, as I sat her down some distance away.

Turning back, I could see Noah fighting the monster. Thanks to his weapons range, he was keeping his distance and slashing at it when he could. Its back was towards me, and I had a slight idea.

“Bab, charge up the strongest attack you can, and blast it when I give a signal,” I told her, as I charged into the fight with my sword drawn.

The monster had finally got close enough to Noah that it swiped away his staff, disarming him.

“Fuck, still no use to it; guess I better get serious,” Noah said, before he shoved his hand into his storage.

He was about to pull out another weapon, when I jumped on the monster's back and stabbed my blade into its back.

“Frost!” I yelled, before jumping off onto the ground.

The Monster roared in pain, before turning to me with pure hatred in its eyes, as it began to rise up to attack me while I was still down.

“NOW!” I yelled as loudly as I could, and a loud crack filled the air. The monster stood suddenly motionless. Then it collapsed with a loud thud, dead.

“What the hell happened?” Noah asked, looking at Bab and me.

“Lightning rod,” I told him.

“What?” both he and Bab asked at the same time, as she came closer to us now that it was safe.

“Metal conducts electricity. I thought since the bear was immune to lightning on the outside it's inside might fry,” I told them.

“And since its back was towards you, you stabbed it and froze the blade to keep it there so she could attack with lightning,” Noah finished, as he looked at us and gave a smile. “Nice quick thinking.”

“But why was something so strong here?” Bab asked, as she got a little closer to the monster.

“What did she say?” Noah asked me.

“What is that thing?” I replied.

“It's called an Onikuma. It also called a territory boss,” Noah told us.

“Explain?” I asked, confused again.

“In different areas all around, there are some very rare monsters that are stronger than the others. They are called territory monsters, and if you're not prepared to fight one then try to get away as fast as you can, Noah explained. “We’re lucky you thought of that attack when you did, or you might not have beaten it.

After we defeated it, there was both good news and bad news. The good news was that we got a lot of very rare items and a lot of exp. Plus, I got a new hidden class I could now turn into. The criteria to use it was to either kill 100 beasts, or kill an territory boss. I got the hunter class!

Noah told me that, usually, people don't unlock it until after they've already become a different class. While it might not be that great a class, later on, it still has excellent abilities, especially early on.

The bad news, however, was that my sword was utterly destroyed. It was already an old sword, and after being frozen before being struck by lightning, it just couldn't handle that. Guess I'd have to suck it up and buy something a little stronger.

Noah was walking a little bit ahead of us as we walked back to town. Without my sword, I wouldn't be able to train much so we decided to call it a day. Just as we got into town, Bab grabbed my hand and made me look down at her. She was messing with her hair and blushing a bit. At first, I didn't know what she wanted, until I realized the time.

“Hey Noah, could we meet back with you later? Bab seems a little tired after everything that happened,” I asked him.

“Ya, how about we meet up at the sword shop in 2 hours?” Noah suggested as he looked over at Bab, who went along with my story and gave a yawn.

With that, Bab and I went back to the inn, so I could give her a much-needed diaper change.

“So want to tell me about the pacifier?” I asked in the middle of changing her. Her already blushing face became redder.

“I grind my teeth in my sleep.,” she told me and gave a little pout as I taped the new diaper on.

“So why hide it? I asked.

“It's already bad enough I have to wear diapers, be fed, and drink from a bottle. I just wanted to keep at least one piece of maturity left. Even if only a secret,” Bab told me, and I just started laughing. “Fuck you!”

“Hey, potty mouth!” I told her, as she just glared at me. “Look, I understand. Your body is messed up. I'm not laughing because you’re not mature, I'm laughing because you're trying to hide it from someone who doesn't care. I'm not going to make fun of you for problems you can't help, but have.”

Bab just stared at me in confusion, not expecting me to say something like that.

“it's true. If you could choose, you would use the toilet, feed yourself, drink without spilling; and now I know you uses a pacifier to keep your teeth from grinding,” I told her. “It all makes sense, and I won't make fun of you for it.”

Bab didn't say much to me after that, as we left to get a new blade. I had asked Noah to help me pick one out, in hopes that I could get one that was better than my old sword, yet still cheap enough to not waste money.

But, as luck would have it, he wasn't there, and the shop was closed.

“What know?” Bab asked.

Personally, I didn't know. Had we missed Noah, or something? I was sure we were on time… I thought… Without a watch, it was tough to tell time. Without any idea of what to do, we decided to head back to the inn.

“Well, this sucks, guess we'll have to wait until tomorrow,” I told Bab.

“Hopefully it won't take long,” she replied.

“Why?” I asked.

“I want to leave tomorrow,” she told me.

“To where? Besides looking for a way to get me back, we have nowhere to go,” I told her.

“I think I might have an idea,” Bab told me.

“What?” I asked, but was interrupted by someone behind me.

“Excuse me,” the guy said. As I turned to look at him, I felt something hit me right in the chest, knocking me a few feet away.

“Alex!” Bab yelled, before turning to the guy who hit me with a giant hammer!

She was about to shoot lightning, when she was hit in the back of the head with something that released a cloud of dust all over her face. She began coughing loudly, before turning to another guy who threw it. She raised her had to fire, but nothing happened.

“Fuck, this is too easy,” the man with the hammer said, as he grabbed Babs hand and picked her up by it.

She was flailing about and tried to kick him, but nothing worked.

“Let go of her!” I yelled, as I was finally able to get back up, amazed that the hammer didn't kill me.

There were two of them. Bab couldn't use her electricity, and all I had was a knife. Shit. I pulled out the knife and devised the only plan I could think of. I rushed the big guy holding Bab and used frost on him. I didn't think it would do anything, but it might cause him to drop her. As long as I could grab her before the other guy reacted, I might be able to run away.

However, my luck wasn't with me today, as the moment I charged I was tackled by someone else to my right. As I landed on the ground, he got right on top of me and blew that same dust in my face.

“Frost!” I yelled, but nothing happened.

“Sucks for you, that dust seals magic for 10 minutes,” the guy above him said.

“What the fuck do you want!?” I asked.

“We want that bag of yours.” the guy told him.

“Then take it!” I yelled.

“Sorry, if we could we would. But, you see, inns have a special magic put on them so items and belongings can only leave with their owners. So we want you to go get that bag: and if you don't….” he pointed at Bab.

As I looked over, I watched as the big guy shoved something into her mouth as his friend picked up my knife and placed the blade on her exposed arm. I watched as they had electricity shock the knife and tased her repeatedly! Her screams were muffled by whatever they gagged her with.

“STOP!” I yelled.

“You got 5 minutes to grab the bag and bring it back, or she’ll get worse,” he whispered in my ear.

“Well, this looks like fun,” I heard Noah say.

The guy on me looked over at Noah just as a rock flew over his head and hit the guy with the knife.

“Shit; why are you here!?” the guy yelled.

“Your friend really needs to plan his ambush better. Now, why don't you all just give up now before someone gets hurt?” Noah asked.

“Ya, no. There's still 3 of us,” the guy said as he got off me and kicked me in the stomach. “What makes you think you can hurt us?”

“Me? Oh no, I'm not the one who's going to hurt you. She is.” Noah then pointed at a roof above us. Standing up there with a sword drawn and lit on fire was Sherry. “Attacking someone in the middle of the street, you guys are dumbasses.”

I couldn't even follow as she jumped down and threw a fireball at the big guy forcing him to drop Bab. Next was the guy who was sitting on me. He dodged out of the way and pulled out his own blade to fight.

“You look fucked up,” Noah said to me as he crouched down and grabbed my arm, having our bracelets meet. “Night god hears our bond, grant us access to new heights.”

Suddenly both bracelets began to glow.

“What did you do?” I asked.

“It's a temporary bond. Both groups are tied to one another for 3 hours. Heal!” Noah said, and suddenly all the pain that I had was suddenly gone. “Healing magic only works with a partner.”

Speaking of partners, I turn to see Bab still on the ground not moving. I didn't bother with the fighting going on between Sherry and the bandits as I ran over and picked Bab up.”

“Bab, Bab! Wake up!” I yelled at her, as I pulled a cloth out of her mouth. All she could do was let out a soft moan. At least she wasn't dead.

“Heal,” Noah said, as he walked over and healed Bab. When she finally opened her eyes, I finally let out a breath of relief.

“Glad to see you both ok,” Sherry said a moment later, sheathing her sword away.

Behind her, all 3 guys lay motionless on the ground.

“Wait, how did you know we were in trouble?” I asked.

“Their dumbass friend tried to lead me out of town so he could jump me. When it didn't work, he said that Marvo hired them to steal your bag and they were just trying to get us away so they could.” Noah explained. Before helping me up.

Bab tried to stand up but after the shocks she took her body didn't want to work. Heal does work wonders, but there are after effects of attacks. So I wound up giving her a ride on my back.

“What are you going to do now?” I asked and looked at the bodies lying on the ground.

“We're going to arrest them and then go pay Marvo a visit,” Sherry told me. “As for you, go back to the inn and rest, she looks like she could use it.

“Ya today just really wasn't her day,” I tell them.

“Fuck you,” Bab said behind me.

We all laughed a little before i gave my thanks and walked back to the Inn to let Bab rest.

“What’s wrong?” Sherry asked Noah a few minutes later.

“You really got to see this,” he told her and had her activate her stat screen. “What is it?”

“Take a look at them,” Noah said and pointed to Bab and my names on their state screen.

“What's wrong wi…. Wait that's not right, how?” Sherry asked, finally noticing what Noah saw.

“I don't know, but by the looks of it, neither does he,” Noah said.

“What now?” Sherry asked him.

“Nothing. If it's true, then something big is going to happen. If we interfere, it might make things worse,” Noah said as he sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Let's just hope he’s ready for whatever happens next.”

They then sat in silence as they stared at the name on the screen. Bab Ados.

Alexander March

Stats- lv11

HP-58 (+4)

Attack-19 (+3)

Defence-18 (+5)

Speed-15 (+2)

Regen-5 (+1)

Manna-20

Class-bass

Skills-none

Weapons-knife

Element-ice

Partner-Bab Ados

Stats- lv11

HP-39 (+10)

Attack-6

Defence-6 (+10)

Speed-6 (+5)

Regen-5 (+3)

Manna-132

Class-mage

Skills-potion maker

Weapons-none

Element-lightning

Money ###

Gold 3)

Silver 79)

Bronze 70)

Copper 0)

###

Marvo was now pacing in the bar as he waited for the bandits to return with the bag.

“What is taking them so long?” Marvo wondered. “They’re just bloody kids. How hard is it to steal a backpack?”

“Well they are all in jail right now,” a voice said, that startled Marvo as he spun around to see Noah.

“W-what?” Marvo stuttered. “N-Noah, how good it is to see you.”

“Cut the act, you sleazy pig. Your friends already ratted you out,” Noah told him as he grabbed a beer from the counter and began drinking it. “So, basically, you're under arrest.”

Marvo just stared at Noah for a minute, before he ran to the front door and tried to run away.

“Why do the dumb ones always try to run?” Noah asked as he took another sip of his beer.

Outside, Marvo was running as fast as he could and try to think of some way out of this.

He needed to get to his supply, if he could just get it then he could kill them!

Marvo ran out of town and toward a old shack. As soon as he got inside he ripped open a hidden panel in the wall to reveal his stash.

For just that one moment, Marvo felt like he won. Until a sword tapped him on the shoulder.

“Thank you, Marvo, for showing us just what I came here for,” Sherry told him, with a smile on her face.
