The Wet Hostage

Author: amandalu862

*000*2014-07-23 23:46

Warning: 1) Young girl. 2) Mentions wetting/urination, desperation.

It was suppose to be a normal school trip to the Middle East, a region filled of wonder and beauty as well as conflict. Our flight was slight delayed but soon enough we were all headed home. As it was an early morning flight, most of us were sound asleep. That is, until there was a commotion, which grew in volume. An eerie, accent voice came on the intercom announcing that they plane was hijacked!! I literally shot up in my seat as I saw masked men with submachine guns and pistols walking down the aisles instead of the flight attendants. We were all ordered to turn in all electronic devices and I regretably handed over my iphone which contained pictures of the sights we had visited. The plane turned sharply to the left and began to descend. Within minutes, land could be seen out of the window until the accented voice told all of us to close the shutters.

The plane did a hard landing but thankfully I remembered to put on my seatbelt before landing. Then came the errie accented voice. "You all will be allowed to disembark. All of you, except one person. We will take one hostage for a collateral. " Immediately everyone started to mummur, wondering who it will be . "Silence!" The voice continued. "Everyone quiet, stay in your seats and look straight ahead." I did so, trembling. Who would be picked? I surmised so sort of young and good looking person. But a boy or a gir...

"You," I heard the same voice from the speakers and turned to see a masked man. "You, stand up!"

"Noo...." I cried not believing I was chosen.

"Mister, look she's only a kid, pick someone...OW!!!" I turned to see my teacher Mrs. Seagger interjected only to receive a large blow on her head. "SHUT UP!! Girl, get up NOW!" With my feet trembling I did so and was yanked immediately my a second masked man.

"NO! Don't take...OW! OW!!" My teacher was again struck on the head but before I could turn around, I was pushed towards the front of the aircraft. The accented voice was on the speakers again: "All passengers will now disembark. Slowly and no heroics. We will watching you." As I heard the movement of the passengers, I was turned around to face the masked men again.

"What's your name girl?" The senior one asked.

"Catherine.." I mumbled more because of my fear of their looks and their weapons.

"Well Catherine," he continued, now with a softer tone, "don't be scared. We won't hurt you, unless you try to resist. We will fly on to another airport where after a short while you will be released. OK?" I slowly nodded but didn't expect the next part. "Tape her up, and watch things from here," he ordered his companion.

WHAT?! My hands were yanked behind my back and I felt the feeling of thick duct tape surrounding them. "Ha...mmmmppph!" something cloth-like was jammed into my mouth and then I felt another sticky duct tape plastered over my lips. Before I could move any further, he knelt down and wrapped tape around my nylon-covered knees and ankles. Her further wrapped tape above and below my small breasts. With tape literally all over me, he lifted me up and carried me to front cabin. He buckled me in and said, "now stay here." I certainly couldn't move anyway; the tape was really tight!

A few minutes later, I felt the plane moved--we were flying off again! It made me even more apprehensive since they didnt say where we were heading. What if the hijackers/kidnappers didn't keep their promise and left me in some deserted place? What if they threw me in some hell hole or fed me to some animals or evil people? Or worse what if they killed me?

As I thought about my fate, I then felt a signal from my bladder. Yeah, I drank alot of water, juice and soft drinks during the flight and the meals provided. As the plane continued move, I felt a stronger signal from my bladder and began to struggle against my bonds. Suddenly, the plane banked and started to descend. Well, that was fast I thought. And thankfully too. Hopefully they would release me and I would run straight for the toilet.

The land was even rougher than before. As the plane finally halted, my bladder pressure was unbearable. "MMMMpppp..." I groaned through my gag. One of the masked men appeared and asked, "WHAT?"

"Mmmm....." I cried again and finally he peeled or rather yanked off the tape and took out the cloth. "Please, mister, can you let me use the toilet?"

"No, no way girlie. You want a quick escape," he replied and attempted to replace the cloth. "Please, mis....mmmppph!!!!" He jammed the cloth back and taped it up. "Mmmmmppph..." I wailed but he disappeared.

Shit they wont even release me for a pee. I squeezed my legs tight together, knowing that wasn't going to help but still did so. Please, please, please release me. Five minutes later, I felt that my bladder was really going to burst. "MMMMMMPHHHH!!!" I cried and the man reappeared.

"I said no." He snapped but I continued to wail and give him a pleading look. Finally, he reached down and cut away the tape around my knees and ankles. My hands were shortly freed. "Mmmp?" I said, pointing at my gag. "You don't need your mouth to pee. Two minutes max."

I scooted off but just as I got past the end of the cabin, my bladder gave way. Warm pee soaked my knickers and trickled down my tights. Oh SHIT SHIT SHIT! I thought silently as I pushed open the door to the cubicle. I had just managed to unclip my skirt and lower my undies as another lot of pee shot out. Oh man, I thought, I'm so embarrassed. Then again, it was that hijacker's fault for not releasing me the first time. I cleaned up as best as I could but the stained undies and tights felt just terrible against my crotch.

"Good, you are back," he said seeing me. "Accident?" I was still too embarrassed and in any case was gagged so I couln't reply. Suddenly,"BANG! BANG! BOOM!!!" The air suddenly turned smoky and I gave a muffled yelp as I smelled pungent fumes. My body collapsed to the ground more from the odour rather than the ear-shattering explosions. Just over a minute later, I heard cries of "She here! Hostage safe!" The smoky air suddenly dissipated and my vision cleared to see many masked men with MP-5 submachine guns.

One knelt down and gently removed the tape across my lips and eased out the soggy cloth.

"Are you ok Miss? Everything fine no..oh dear, looked like you had an accident," the HRT man said, causing me to turn bright red all over.

THE END.

*005*2014-07-24 20:36

{{: 

Nice i liked it althought i would give a few remarks and maybe some corrections. I did enjoy it.

Ok here are my remarks i only have 2 really:

1. How is it that the plane is in the air and the plane gets assaulted by an HRT unit when they wouldnt be able to access it from the air unless they were already on board.

2. What about the bad guys weren't they all over the plane? it couldnt've happened that fast especially if they were in the air without the plane crashing to the ground and losing a wing or 2

}}

It landed again. Maybe i didnt make it clear.

I isolated it to make the story short. So only 2.

*007*2014-07-25 14:51

It was a rushed story.

*009*2014-07-26 10:59

Then write your own bloddy story smart ass.

*012*2014-07-27 22:14

{{: 

Hey! theres no need for that. Just because i gave you a review doesnt mean you have to be mean.

}}

Write your own bloody story to prove you know so much.

