Date Panic! - Page 18

Author: OmoCommando

*427*2014-04-15 21:46

(no scanner access, so it's a digital day) .__.

###

You ultimately decide it's best to just let her in. Dropping the key or pretending to have lost it probably wouldn't deceive her anyway. She'd get... vengeful. So you take out your key and insert it into the lock, twist it, and open the door. Lucky for Nikki, your bathroom is just right up the stairs. With the door wide open, she quickly finds it's location.

"Thank goodness!" She sighs. "I thought is was going to be in some remote corner in the back of the house or something."

And with that Nikki heads up the stairs. You reach your hand out, and are about to say something, but really, what could you say at this point that wasn't an obvious delaying tactic. You were out of cards to play. The game was coming to a close.

You look up to watch Nikki enter the bathroom, letting your imagination wander. Maybe she'll stop right at the toilet and just totally lose it. Or what if she had wet herself in the car? Imagine that large puddle pooling up around her in the seat, then spilling out onto the floor of your car. What a mess that would be to clean up, but it would have totally been worth it.

As soon as she reaches the top of the stairs, Nikki stops. You stare at her hind quarters as a string of dark color flows down her legs. The girl clasps her legs shut, clenching her crotch with all her strength.

"Is... everything all right?" You ask.

"I... can't... move... another... step..." she stutters.

Your eyes widen. "Why not?"

"If I do, I'll pee all over myself!" she cries. "Help me!"

"What do you want me to do?"

"I DON'T KNOW, JUST DO SOMETHING!!!" she screams. "I'M GONNA PEE ANY SECOND NOW!!!"

You start to sweat. This was the big moment. Whatever you did next would probably determine whether she would make it or not.

What do you do?

> Tell her that she'll make it

> Tell her to let a little bit out.

> Grab a nearby flower vase and bring it to her

> Offer to carry her

> Remain silent and stationary

> Other

Current Trust Level: Unstable due to immense desperation.

###

{{:

I have a feeling there's a story behind that Commando... Has this happened to you before?

}}

;___;

