Everyday Life With a Fetishist (Monster Musume)

Author: Captain L

*012*2016-01-28 04:17

Lala the dullahan sat in darkness, the lights purposefully left off and the curtain closed because she felt a lot more comfortable in the shade. She was a messenger of the underworld, or so she claimed, an aversion to brightness was to be expected. Currently, she was polishing the blade of her scythe to look as intimidating as possible as the shine reflected moonlight, if she could line it up with the moon's direction and fullness. Until then, it was strictly for agriculture, as she also claimed.

She didn't really need to do this at all, but whatever kept her distracted and busy. Cerea had visited her earlier and informed her that Suu was on a perverted streak, warning her to stay away from the toilet. Lala was not about to let her little traumatic experience from yesterday repeat itself, so she heeded the advice and planned to stay in her room until the coast was clear. However, this isolation came with a downside, and that was how badly she needed to pee now, what else would happen avoiding the restroom? Lala wouldn't dare admit it, but she had a disappointingly small bladder, and a very hard time holding her urine. That was an embarrassing point to her, she was supposed to be strong and competent, and would instead need frequent potty breaks like a child. In fact, that was one of the big reasons she was so urgent in finding her body when she first met Kimihito, so it wouldn't have an accident without a head to guide it.

As such, Lala was already struggling. Sitting on her knees with her scythe, she laid her left hand on the front of her skirt and her thighs were pressed together. Any normal situation, she'd be running for the restroom right now. Hell, even if she was outdoors, she'd be ducking behind the nearest bush. This was so much worse, she needed to pee so badly but had no means of release, it was torturous. She whimpered, just a little, in response to the mounting pressure.

“Do not give in, Lala. You're better than this, it isn't that hard to wait.” She said it, but she didn't believe it in the slightest. She felt her bladder quivering and stretching to its limits, eager to empty right now. The blue-skinned dullahan was bouncing on her knees, her private parts tingling with urge. She started looking around the room just to avoid dwelling on her pee, and that's when she saw a cup she had brought in filled with water, now empty waiting to be brought back to the kitchen.

“I guess I could,” Lala considered. It couldn't be that hard to pee in a cup, it was decently big with a pretty wide opening, she could probably make it work. “But should I?” If she filled it up, she'd have to dump it out and she sure as hell wasn't going out in the open carrying a cup of her pee, so she'd have to wait until nighttime when everyone else was asleep to dispose of it. Until then, she also didn't have a place to lay it down where it wouldn't spill, not one out of sight. If someone came in with that thing sitting on her dresser, she'd be dealing with the shame of two urine-related incidents in as many days.

Still, she needed to go, she couldn't go use the toilet, the cup was an option. “Perhaps it would be smarter to save the concerns for later, when I'm no longer so desperate.” Yeah, that sounded good. Standing up nice and slowly while keeping her hand on the front of her skirt, Lala grabbed the empty glass in her trembling left hand, and looked around to ensure she was clear from any onlookers. There wasn't really much of a threat, she was alone in her private room, but checking was still an instinctual thing when about to do something so inappropriate. It didn't cross her mind that a quick look would not be enough to spot Suu if she was present.

Presently satisfied and trembling in anticipation of relief, she took her hand off her skirt and instead reached it underneath, grabbing the white lace front band of her black panties and sliding them halfway down her thighs, far enough down that she could fit the cup between the underwear and her unmentionables. Hesitantly, she put the cup into position at a slight outward angle to keep grip, reeling back an inch as the cold glass touched her sensitive area.

That was just enough to get Lala to lose control over her bladder as urine started trickling out. The stream was incredibly weak at first, little drips coming off at every point with the main flow fluctuating in distance. Lala was nervous about doing something like this, but as she started to accept it, her pee picked up and finally started to feel good.

It was then that Lala learned why girls tended to avoid using cups or other containers of similar size, because female genitalia was not geared for accuracy. As she had relaxed, the distance between her crotch and the cup had increased, just enough to allow a rogue spurt to fly outside the glass' boundaries, landing on the thin glove holding it in place. Thin enough to feel it, Lala jumped back at feeling her own urine, dropping the glass she was using at the moment in surprise, somehow not shattering upon hitting the floor.

That meant that Lala no longer had anything to pee into, but that wasn’t enough to stop her. All of it was just flying onto the wood floor, spraying everywhere in the near vicinity with a loud splatter. Now she was desperate to get it to stop, grabbing herself with both hands to forcibly stem the flow, which unfortunately isn't likely to work on a girl that was desperate enough to use a cup. It pooled in her hands, streaming down between the fingers, the feeling soaking through her gloves.

She squeezed as much as she could manage, her legs rubbing together at the knees, rivulets running down her legs into her black thigh-high socks, the front of her white skirt being pushed into the line of fire and getting wet as well, the yellow stain very obvious, before Lala's bladder finally started to heed her. The stream didn't so much as weaken as stop abruptly, but Lala didn't dare let go. Despite all the pee now on the floor, she somehow still needed to go really bad. “How the hell can I hold this much in,” she shouted in angry disbelief.

Top priority now was finding somewhere else to finish this, because she could feel her urethra burning with the pee stuck in the pipe, and she wasn't going to last much longer. After this little accident, she was not about to use the cup again, she could see how big a mistake that was now. She needed something else, something she couldn't miss. There was nothing like that in the room, so no matter what could happen, she needed to leave and find something else. Since there was no point to bringing them back up, she slid her panties down her legs by wiggling with one hand grabbing herself tightly, and ran out.

Lala's initial plan was to dash to the toilet, the most reasonable choice, but by the time she reached the kitchen, the pain started getting sharper and more stabbing as the final wave of desperation hit. She grabbed herself with both hands again, really hard. If she didn't have gloves, her nails would probably be digging in right where she'd want it least. “Damn damn damn,” she swore as a few more leaks squirted out, bringing the severity of the situation to the forefront of her mind; if she dawdled any longer, she was going to pee.

She needed to consider the options before her, within her current line of sight. First in her vision was the potted plant Kimihito kept, large enough to catch her eye. Tempting, without a doubt, but its elevation and small diameter meant she'd have to stand above it and take care of business like that, and she had just proven she wasn't capable of that precision. Still, she whimpered at the thought of having to search further.

She looked over the kitchen counters, and saw a variety of cups and bowls that Miia had neglected to clean after preparing breakfast. Yet more containers she had no chance of using without a gigantic puddle following. “I'm gonna make such a huge mess. I can't do this anymore, I need to piss now!” Just as she was about to give in, she saw the sink. “That'll do,” she exclaimed, running towards it.

Standing in front of it, leaking more drops, Lala almost started drooling, but she couldn't ignore the inherent problems with this option. There was a portion of counter in front of the sink, sticking out far enough that the only way she'd be able to sit on the sink was to lean forward to account for aim. Not that she'd be able to sit effectively at all, because the faucet stuck out quite far with no way to rotate it, the open space not nearly enough to accommodate her rear. If she could even get onto the counter, of course, being over half her height.

“I don't have time to find something else, I have to use this!” Hopping in place, she removed her right hand and placed in on the counter with her left, her thighs rubbing together to alleviate some of the new pressure, and vaulted upwards. Lala did not have much upper body strength, hindered further by her bladder being a hog and taking most of it, so she struggled just to get her knees up, a few more drops falling, but she did get up, wiggling some to get her full legs up on the counter.

That was the final straw for Lala's bladder, stretched to its limit and exhausted, it slackened the urethra muscles and started a full stream. Feeling it rushing on its way, Lala hastily squirmed into a squatting position, maybe taking care not to hit her head on the cabinets above the sink. She wasn't fast enough, the pee started full force before she would have liked, but the error was corrected in a few seconds, and the dullahan was spraying her body's liquid contents into the sink.

“Ooh, that feels so much better,” she concluded, closing her eyes to give into the relief. True, she was squatting in front of the kitchen sink instead of a using a proper restroom, but she'd take what she could get, so long as she did it secretly. She was facing the wall, so she wouldn't see if anyone was watching, but she told herself she'd sense it. She could be alone with the sound of her violent splash against the porcelain of the sink.

It wasn't a perfect solution. Besides the total visibility to the action, just a few tiny streams weren't going down with the rest of the urine, and instead lost force and dripped down directly below her bottom. Not that it was a huge deal, she had already made a puddle there, but she'd have to take care of it as soon as she could. It could have been so much worse, but Lala got lucky. The plug wasn't covering the drain and none of the dishes were in the sink itself, so her mess was staying relatively contained.

The tingling in Lala's nethers wound down as the pee stream lost strength, increasing the leaking below her. She let out a big sigh, abruptly cut off as she heard a few splashes behind her. She suddenly turned her head, almost falling backwards from the motion, and saw no one, but the puddle beneath her was bigger than she had realized, it was going past the edge of the counter and dripping onto the floor. “I have to clean this up too? Fine,” she grumbled, shaking her butt to knock off any lingering pee because the paper towels were out of her reach.

That's when Lala realized, she didn't have much of a way to get down. She really couldn't waddle off the counter in a squat, she'd have to sit in her puddle at least a little to touch the floor again. Grumbling, she smoothed her skirt back down her legs and kicked her feet out in front of her, butt hitting the counter with a light splash, the warmth felt on her ass just seconds later. She didn't let it soak in too far, pivoting and sliding feet first back onto the floor.

Lala grabbed a nearby roll of paper towels and pulled off a liberal amount of sheets, balling them all in her fist and wiping down the puddle on the counter and whatever slid down onto the floor as the white paper was dyed a dirty yellow. Once every last drop was cleaned, she dropped the wad into the trash can specifically under a few other pieces of garbage, and turned on the sink, both to wash down anything sticking to the inside and to wash her gloves a little. Now, there was no evidence of what she had done in the kitchen, but she still had some clothing issues, which she confirmed by feeling the rear of her skirt just a little.

“If I can get it into the laundry now, no one could ever know,” she decided, running off to collect her panties in her room. She turned back soon after for more paper towels once she had remembered she left her room in a pretty bad state, unraveling an excessive amount of sheets before just taking the whole roll and leaving. Once she had left, an increasingly dirty and green slime poked out from the kitchen trash can, a bunch of soiled paper towels in the blob and a big, perverted smile on her face.

*015*2016-02-22 03:54

It was really good that Miia didn't have any breakable objects in her room, because her long tail was flailing about in every single way as she laid belly down on her bed, pressing her crotch into the blankets. It felt like it had been forever since Darling left, and in the time since, the lamia's need to urinate had grown to intense levels, it was all she could do to stay sane as her bladder felt ready to pop. Whimpering, she rubbed the base of her tail under her skirt against the bed to ease the pain.

“How...how can I need to go this bad? I shouldn't even be able to hold this much!” Miia liked to project a dainty, feminine image onto herself, whatever made her more attractive to men, ignoring that she could, in reality, hold her own and hold it in. Even then, she wasn't exaggerating how full she felt, how close she was to having an accident. She pressed her hands on her skirt to help a little, biting her pillow to cope with the pain as her tail continued to swing.

She had been in isolation to focus solely on holding, it had been hours since she had any contact in Cerea, she had the foresight that she'd go through a potty emergency and would need to concentrate. She just hadn't anticipated Darling would take so long to get home and punish Suu, and that her need would become so dire.

Now, Miia was considering what she'd need to do to relieve herself. She was very against using anything other than a toilet, but she'd have to swallow her pride and do something that degrading. Honestly, struggling on her bed was making her consider just letting loose right there, was it really a big deal if she soaked her sheets? Surely they designed blankets and mattresses with kids that wet their beds in mind, there couldn't be any long-term consequences if she just leaked, right?

It sounded like a sweet deal for Miia, but as her forked tongue hung out of her mouth, reality hit her and it suddenly seemed like it would be a poor choice. “Miia, what are you thinking?!” She grabbed the sides of her pillow tightly, stretching it apart and pulling it towards her face. “But...I have to go so bad! I really don't think I can hold it!” She bit the inside of her mouth, her fangs piercing her lip just enough to really feel the pain as her tail repeatedly whacked the floor with a loud crash.

She couldn't deny it, the poor lamia was about to burst. She'd slither to the toilet as fast as she could, but there's no way Suu would let it be so easy. Miia went to pee when she woke up that morning as she usually did, but just as she finished, the rogue slime revealed herself in the bowl, terrifying Miia and sending her bolting out of the room screaming without redressing herself. An experience like that is traumatizing, Miia would not risk the toilet again until she was assured it was safe.

If Darling wasn't home yet, Miia wouldn't be able to wait long enough. “I need someplace to go...anywhere!” Against her body's wishes, she pushed upwards from the bed and used her tail's muscles to prop her up into standing. Gravity was not kind to her bladder once she got vertical as all the pressure moved to the pipes that would release it, only tempting her further. Miia obviously had no legs to press together, so she went all in on clutching her skirt, also difficult when she couldn't grab between the legs, there wasn't much surface area to hold.

Struggling, Miia slowly slinked out of her room, her upper body bobbing vertically without affecting her path. Suddenly, as she entered another room, bright light pierced her gaze and sent her reeling back hissing, even reflex wasn't enough to tear her hands away from her skirt. Her eyes adjusted, it was just the sun shining through the large windows of the living room. Which meant if the sun was moving towards the horizon to shine into the building, it was close to sunset. “How long can Darling possibly be out?” Just shopping with Mero, that shouldn't be an all-day affair. Miia would suspect cheating, if she was currently capable of wandering thought.

What caught her eye at the current moment, however, was the kitchen sink. She was tempted, almost convinced to use it and take care of everything. Lamias, to account for their tails as a lower body, have their genitalia facing outwards to the front where skin meets scale. As such, Miia had long since mastered peeing standing up, it was the only efficient way. With her muscular tail, she could raise herself high enough to aim the stream in, with the sink large enough to account for any bad aim. Basically a perfect solution, eyes practically watering at the sight, Miia leaned forward to start her slither to it.

But she didn't move. She couldn't, with the waves coursing through her body, she could no longer put forth even the effort to move to another part of the room without bursting. She started breathing heavily, her chest heaving and making her breasts bounce, almost pulling her skirt down with the force she was putting into grasping. Even the short distance to a sink seemed like a marathon to a desperate lamia.

Miia really didn't want to believe it. She shut her eyes as hard as she could and clenched her privates just as fiercely, silently crying under the stress. Little dribbles started leaking into her panties, not soaking in but just sitting against her body. Since they couldn't fit around her tail and use elastic to stay in place, lamia panties instead had light adhesive on the back side and was more a latex material, it was waterproof and it was keeping the urine where she could feel it and didn't want to.

“No more...I can't do this anymore...” Miia was ready to give in, wetting herself really couldn't be as bad as continuing to hold it, yet she continued to torture herself. She couldn't bear to have an accident, she needed to act like a big girl. Maybe not one that could make it to the toilet, but something at least kind of close would be fine.

She wasn't going to get anywhere now, shaking and weeping in the middle of the room, she needed to open her eyes to find an answer. Still, she could only manage one eye to see directly in front of her, blurry through the tears. Close enough was a tall, green stalk, the fine details hidden but still recognizable to the girl who had lived here for so long. A large potted plant that Darling kept, like a small tree with a flower stalk for a thin trunk. More importantly, it sat in a large pot of dirt that was certainly enough to absorb the contents of Miia's bladder, low so she wouldn't have to strain herself further to raise her height.

“Oh...thank you so much!” Miia had clearly been nice recently to get on karma's good side, being given such a perfect restroom substitute right in front of her when she needed it most. It was so good, in fact, that Miia was already hitching up her skirt in preparation, her bladder unwilling to hold back any longer. The small volume between her body and panties filled quickly, starting to leak from the bottom and dribble down her tail. Using her left hand to keep the front of her skirt up and out of the way, she yanked her underwear off and blindly threw it away, the warm liquid dropping out all at once mostly onto the floor. Out of the way, Miia's pee stream was unobstructed as it flew into the pot, splattering against the packed dirt before the sound morphed into liquid crashing into liquid, similar to a bath filling.

“Ohhhh, so gooooooood,” she moaned out. “This feels so much better...” She was so desperate, there was enough forward force to arc the pee into the pot without the usual manual adjustments. She looked up to the ceiling and sighed, letting nature run its course as her bladder emptied onto the plant, the soil slowly absorbing the steady and heavy flow of urine, not fast enough to prevent a buildup, but it wasn't overflowing the edges of the pot. It was also a lot of foam, not only bubbles from the splash, but the natural properties of the liquid, and there was an abundance of it.

Miia just lost herself in the feeling of the relief. She had been holding it for so long, her bladder was so full there had been a visible bulge, and her abdomen felt like it was stabbing her. But that was all in the past, she was feeling no pain now, just the tingling feeling of a powerful stream of pee exiting her urethra, leaving a sense of blissful emptiness in its place. Miia;s tongue hung out in the ecstasy, amplifying her sense of smell as it does for lamia, but she couldn't really care less now. All that mattered was the beautiful feeling of a long-awaited piss.

So lost in her little potty break, Miia didn't even notice the not too distant sound of the front door opening and closing, or the approaching footsteps and wheelchair rolling. However, she most certainly heard what followed, her Darling asking her a question. “Miia, what are you doing?”

That was the last thing she wanted to hear. Just the sound sent a chill through her, which hurt more to a cold-blooded creature, making her lose her grip for just a second, allowing her skirt to fall back into place. It fell right into the way of her stream, and while it was still powerful enough to not be affected by it, easily pushing the garment out of its way, it was getting soaked in the process and dripping to the floor and onto her tail. That wasn't enough for Miia, she needed to stop peeing now, or at least not make it so evident that's what she was doing. As a last resort, she went back to clutching herself hard in the hopes that her bladder would take the hint and stop.

Wasn't happening. It didn't matter how much relief she had gotten through, she wasn't finished. The pee didn't even slow down, it kept going full power into her hands, splattering against the skirt being pressed in and warming her palms, falling in large quantities onto her tail and streaming down, puddling on the floor beneath her. She wasn't giving up and grabbed harder in response, but it did no good. She couldn't stop no matter how much she wanted to, she couldn't even imagine wanting to curb the flow a minute ago. Her skirt was soaked, the bottom of her tail glistening, coated in urine with a pond collected beneath, the dirt in the pot darkened and moist with white foam around the rim, every piece of evidence was gathered against Miia; she had been caught inarguably using a plant as her toilet.

Even after she had run dry and all that continued to fall were drops still stuck to her scales, she couldn't turn to face Darling or Mero, how could she admit what she had just done? And just to make it worse, even after holding it so long almost exploded, she still had to deal with basically wetting herself. It didn't matter how much she “successfully” got into the pot, there was still enough on her to make a lot of other girls' full bladders blush. Miia stayed silent and let the two draw their own conclusions, frozen and mortified that Darling had to catch her disgracing herself like this.

*017*2016-04-03 18:27

The living room of the Kurusu household had one of those little kiddie pools on the floor, there to be the bed/room of Suu which, along with her not needing food, made her the cheapest girl for Kimihito to house. The slime girl was currently in that pool, but not for her own pleasure. Master and Mero had returned home to a scene of Miia having an accident, and after cleaning it up and hearing the story from the other girls (Papi rushed to the bathroom as soon as he came home), he had requested a private conversation with Suu. The pool was the only piece of furniture she could sit in without ruining it, so she was waiting for him to enter.

After enough time that she had decompressed into a blob, Master came in and quietly sat on the couch. He didn't say anything, but he looked at Suu in the pool, his stare enough to get Suu to reform into her humanoid body, the young girl form she modeled after Papi. From all the time that had passed since she was last seen, her chemical composition had changed once again. Instead of her entire body being tainted by the color and consistency of the absorbed urine, she had mostly returned to normal with one orb of all the dirty substances residing at the bottom of her stomach area, filtering through her system.

An awkward silence followed, but Master spoke with a caring and questioning tone. “Suu...I've talked to the other girls. Could you please explain yourself?” There wasn't anger in his speaking, Master was a kind man who'd reserve himself until he had all the evidence.

Suu was a quiet girl. Not that she wouldn't speak, she had after a while living in the house, but there wasn't much of a reason usually. However, she was being directly addressed, and the way she was sat alone, she could tell she had done something wrong and should feel sorry. “I'm sorry, I...I...” It wasn't that she didn't know the answer, she just felt a crippling amount of shame and couldn't bring herself to respond. If she wasn't all liquid, she'd probably be crying now.

“Um...is it okay if I come in?” Both of them looked up and saw Papi in the door, not looking at any of them despite her making herself known. Master waved her over, where she sat to his left on the couch. “Actually, all this is my fault. Me and Suu went out yesterday, I had an...accident and she absorbed it all.” It would have been better if the harpy never had to admit she peed herself, but the confession was needed. Suu nodded slowly to confirm, plenty of guilt in there.

“And she went for the other girls after that, I got it. I just want to know why she did, because it doesn't sound like it was for hydration.”

“Wait...you're not mad that we went out? And that I wet myself?”

“Of course I care about you leaving, you're not supposed to do that,” he exclaimed back. “I tell you that all the time, you just never listen! The accident doesn't bother me, that can happen. Right now, I'm more concerned with Suu.” She had sort of been forgotten for the last minute, but she didn't look any more comfortable. “It's okay, Suu. This is a non-judging environment, I just want to hear what you have to say.”

Suu rubbed her left arm with her right hand, having control over her slimy composition to not merge together, nervous and unwilling to speak. “I...I was thirsty yesterday when Papi...did that, but I liked it. I wanted more, so I took it from everyone else. That was wrong, right?”

Master sighed, that certain kind of sigh that gave away that this would be a tough answer. He leaned over like he wanted to hug her, even if he was too far away and he'd get pulled into her body if he embraced her and would drown. “That's kind of a difficult answer. There's nothing wrong with having a fetish or practicing it, you just need to understand limits. Spying on the other girls is not okay, without them knowing and telling you it's alright. I know you don't consider consent very frequently, but if you have it, you're not wrong.”

That was the piercing point for Suu. The thought had never occurred to her, asking the other girls for their permission before getting sexual with them. Of course, she understood the concept of permission, she tried to butter up Kii for food, but she saw sexual favors as the bargaining chip to other good things. Why wouldn't the girls want Suu going slimy slimy on them, it felt good for her, surely it was good for them too. That level of introspection was making her uncomfortable, she started shifting and squirming in place.

Papi may have been a naive and ignorant girl, but she had that certain lean towards others, she was at her most mature when she was the mother hen. She stood up from the couch and talon trotted across the floor to the pool, kneeling down and giving a strong hug to her slime friend, paying no mind that her wings were being absorbed into her body. “I don't mind, Suu! I was just surprised before, but it's okay if you tell me!”

That show of compassion and acceptance touched Suu, and amidst her shame, she smiled. It didn't last long, though, as she started frowning and looked down at her kneeling legs, her head shaking and her tentacle hair waving from the motion. This didn't escape the nearby harpy, whose look of happiness also changed, hers to concern. “Are you okay, Suu?”

Suu looked back up to Papi, with a kind of sadness and discomfort in her green eyes. “I really need to filter all this out now.” Her hands found their way to where the crotch would be on a normal girl, and rubbed the area.

This was something that surprised both Papi and Master, she had never expressed a need to filter out whatever was in her system before, she just did it whenever it was convenient. Maybe she always needed to and just did it before it became a problem, she never kept anything forever after all. That was good, considering how her behavior changed depending on what chemicals she had in her, it was better she reverted to her normal personality. That gave Master an idea, actually. “Maybe absorbing urine makes her need to release it. It even gave her a makeshift bladder this time.”

“N-no, that's not...” Suu started shaking again as her internal orb quivered, pulsating and descending. Her eyes widened in panic as she jumped to her feet. “Sorry, I really need to do this now!” She dashed out of the room as fast as her gelatinous legs would let her, because running was still faster than morphing into another shape, even if it agitated her stored pee.

Somehow, even with a homogeneous body composition, Suu could somehow still feel the pee welling up, ready to release. Slimes did not evolve to absorb foreign chemicals, so while they could, it was hazardous to keep them inside their bodies for an extended period of time. To protect itself, the body will eject anything that could cause harm before it can cause lasting damage, and Suu had waited too long, all the urine she absorbed was coming out.

She just had to make it a little farther, the bathroom was the nearest room with a water receptacle, and she'd be clear. She could see the door, just the tiniest more distance without having an accident. One more step until relief, when something slid in front of her. Suu looked up and saw Miia's face, her eyes glowing red and her mouth smiling wide, fangs exposed and forked tongue hanging out. “So now you need to use the bathroom, Suu?”

Suu could tell where this was going, and she wouldn't deny she probably deserved it. Spending the day preventing the girls from using the bathroom, not being allowed in the one time she really needed it was karmic retribution. But it was inconvenient to her, so she was going to try to appeal to Miia's better nature. “I'm sorry for what I did, Miia! Can I please go?!”

The lamia cracked her knuckles. “You think we're just going to let you off the hook after all the torment you've put us through?” Cerea and Lala approached from opposite sides, looking just as evil as Miia and each brandishing a weapon; Cerea with her sword and Lala her scythe. “You must suffer just as we have.”

Suu could pass by them in a number of ways, their weapons also couldn't hurt her, there was almost no obstacle presented. However, it would take energy to escape, which she couldn't afford to spend. All she could do was continue to dance in place, her legs jiggling as she bent over and shook her butt, her bladder moving downwards, just touching the surface of her crotch. Time had run out for the slime.

Being different from other girls, when Suu started peeing herself, it was quite a bit different. There was no urethra, so the urine didn't exit her body in a little stream, it left in every possible spot between her legs in one giant flood, the dirty yellow liquid streaming through her fingers and down her legs into a rapidly growing puddle beneath her feet, the sound of splashing and splattering growing in volume. Suu's mouth opened in relief as the pain began to vanish from her body.

The three girls that had cornered her, however, could only watch as she had an accident. At least it was going by quickly, her entire bladder's contents emptying at once. The smell, however, was not so kind, with the combined scents of three girls' piss along with the trash she had hidden in made for one unpleasant aroma that sent the three covering their noses and running. At least Suu couldn't inhale it, so she could continue enjoying the feeling.

It only lasted a few seconds, so Suu was done before it had even fully sunk in how good it felt to go. She could feel the difference though, she was back to her normal clean self and feeling fresh. She turned her head to face down the hall she came, just as Master walked in looking for her. Immediately, all the shame she felt earlier was back, as her Master had to see her disgrace herself. “I-I'm sorry about this, I just...”

He held up his hand to stop her. “Don't worry about it, I'll clean it up. You can run off and do whatever, you've already had an interesting day.” It took a few seconds before she processed that, how the day's events would end so suddenly, but she smiled and skipped away as she was told. All in all, things had gone well for her today.

Alone, Kimihito looked at the puddle Suu had made, not incredibly big but a reasonable size, and walked back to the kitchen closet to grab a mop and bucket. As he reached into storage, he heard a rapid succession of clicks against the floor, and when he pulled out and closed the door, he was met with Rachnera, her spider legs coming to a halt before bumping into him, her multiple eyes half-closed and her hair unkempt. “Morning,” she loudly yawned. “Or evening, whatever. Did I miss anything today?”

*020*2016-05-14 11:57

{{4 hours ago, Kyesel said:

Is this story continuing?

}}

No reason to, I've covered all the good characters. That's not true, I still like Zombina, Doppel, Polt, Kii, and Lilith, but I got no way to get them into a good situation (or in the case of Zombina and Doppel, if they pee at all).

*021*2019-05-10 02:43

Polt was a kobold of many, many talents, but a weakness of hers became apparent as she sat alone in the manager's office of Sports Club Kobold: she was restless. There was nothing to do, and she was getting fidgety just waiting around. She had organized her desk three times in the last hour, taken multiple jogs around the gym grounds, and the only thing keeping her from taking a nap in her chair was a limitless amount of energy.

"There's nothing worse than the wait before a new business opens," Polt whined, tapping her claws on the wooden desk. While Sports Club Kobold would be the first interspecies exercise parlor in Japan, thanks to the recent Interspecies Exhange Bill, that distinction required a lot of fine-tuning on her end to make it practical and inclusive. She was lucky to have a group of monster girls willing to be volunteers, running trials that revealed a lot of the facility's shortcomings, but all that meant that orders for furnishing and remodeling had been placed and construction was proceeding, leaving Polt with nothing to do herself.

Today's project was a complete shutdown of the building's plumbing to remodel the restrooms after one of the volunteers, an ogre named Tionishia, had discovered that the toilets were not suitable for use by some larger species. And, because the human contractors weren't so accustomed to installing monster-sized commodes, it was taking much longer than anticipated to complete.

A fact that Polt was all too aware of right now, as she shifted her legs one on top of the other, squeezing them together as she squirmed in her seat and elicited a small squeal inside her mouth. It was shortly after noon, and because of her forty-kilometer morning jog after leaving home at the crack of dawn, the construction crew had arrived at Sports Club Kobold before her and began their work. Combined with the ample quantity of water consumed during that run, the office was currently home to a very desperate kobold. "Mmph..."

It wasn't just the lack of access to the restrooms that was annoying, but all the alternatives also made unavailable really irritating Polt. While both gender bathrooms were being worked on, despite the vast majority of monster species being female, other drainage solutions were still present and unoccupied. If she needed to go after a long workout, there was no shame in relieving herself in the shower, making a pit stop there seemed like a good solution to her current conundrum. If only the water to the entire building hadn't been shut off, robbing her of the ability to wash away the evidence.

She swiveled her chair to face the large windows decorating one of the walls of her office, looking outside for some distraction. While the crowds of people walking by, and the birds flying, did grab her attention, there was something else out there more pressing, diverting her gaze to its allure: the trees. Polt was also no stranger to doing her business outdoors, in case her time management was off and she found herself desperate while on walkies. She could practically picture it, tugging her shorts down and squatting behind a thick grove of bushes, letting a healthy stream of urine gush from her privates. That fire hydrant on the street corner was looking pretty tempting...

"...not a good idea." Polt was about as far from being a shy girl as one could get, but undressing in front of hundreds of strangers to pee was asking a lot of her. She'd need to be seriously ready to burst to consider that. "Still..." While the flora in view was out of the question, it had given the kobold an idea, and her ears perked up as hope returned. "I'm going stir-crazy in this office, a good walk is exactly what I need! It's only a couple kilometers to the park, it'll be a great way to get the blood flowing and find a place to go!" A bright smile broke out across her muzzle, showing off her white canines as she jumped up to her paws, tail vigorously wagging behind her.

Luckily for her, she didn't need to change clothes to be properly dressed for a run. She was still dressed in her usual exercise attire, consisting of a black tank top, loose white shorts, with sneakers and a sweatband to top it off. Now that she had set her mind to it, nothing could stop her as she ran out the office, right out the gym onto the street, ready to run and more than ready to pee.

###

"Whew...phew...made good time." Over ten kilometers in fifteen minutes, not a personal best for Polt, but impressive nonetheless. Being active and getting sweaty was a kobold's favorite pastime, she could practically feel her worries wash away in the perspiration running through her fur. And her destination was also comforting, a dog park close enough to her home and work to make it a frequent stop on her runs. Clean, colorful, lots of people and their pets, it was relaxing.

Well, not relaxing enough to ignore the discomfort that no amount of exertion could distract from, a different bodily fluid wanting to escape as she continued to push herself. Her desperation had grown no easier in the travel, and it was really, really bad now. Her bladder was throbbing beneath her sculpted stomach, pulsating and working its hardest to push the volume of warm urine it carried out, only held back by Polt's willpower. Now that she had come to a stop, and no one was paying any special attention to her, she pressed both large paws against the crotch of her shorts with moderate force, feeling the firm paw pads on her palms press the loose, airy fabric and panties beneath right where they needed to press.

As good as it felt to hold, it was all too clear that it wouldn't satisfy for long. She really needed a toilet, immediately if possible. Thankfully, that was covered as well, because she had reasons other than fond feelings in choosing the park as her end goal. She passed through her frequently, ran all its paths, she knew the layout by heart, and most prominently, where the public restrooms lay. After all, they had been her salvation many times, when she would occasionally forget to use her own amidst the morning excitement. And they weren't far, either! She wasted no time bolting in their direction, pulling her paws from her crotch, so as not to draw leery eyes. Though, she wasn't as bouncy as usual, her gait much stiffer and straighter.

Well, they weren't far with her usual running speed as the benchmark. At a more rigid walking pace, it was taking significantly longer to cross the distance. Many other joggers, walkers, and dog owners passed her by as she traveled the gravel roads, the dogs usually barking at her. Somehow, maybe through animal solidarity, they could tell something was wrong. Then again, maybe they knew because every step Polt took was deliberate, one of her fangs was poking out from her mouth, biting her bottom lip, taking any chance to press against her shorts. Polt was not a subtle girl.

And her need was about to get a whole lot less subtle. The path she had absentmindedly taken went down the shore of a pond, one creeping close to the sidewalk, so close that the sound of rippling water from ducks landing in the center rang loud in a kobold's large ears. She let her guard down for just a second, and in that tiny span, her bladder had its way. "Eep!" A small smattering of pee splattered out from her urethra into her underwear, warming her crotch with its damp, dirty wash.

Snapping her thighs closed with the speed and force of a crab's pincers, squeezing the little moisture that had made its home in her underwear into a wider area, Polt managed to successfully command her bladder to heel. It was a close call, almost able to hear the urine pent up inside her pleading to drench her shorts, but she remained the master. For now.

The second surge came almost immediately afterwards, as her small, sensitive nose picked up a light scent wafting upwards, emanating from underneath her shorts, where just a little tinkle resided. She was well-hydrated, so her pee had very little odor, but her heightened senses still clearly recognized it, sending her spiraling with another desperate urge. She obviously couldn't see what was transpiring below, but the smell growing twice as strong told the whole story. Polt didn't dare separate her legs now, for fear that there would be a lot more urine gushing out should she do so.

Keeping pressure on her crotch this way was going to make walking difficult, though. So, after close to a minute had passed, Polt all the while rubbing her thighs against one another as her hips swayed, she finally felt confident enough to spread her feet and return to a slightly more natural posture. The shivering, frazzled fur, and ears on end still gave away that something was wrong with the kobold. With the way she was frantically looking around, it wasn't impossible to guess.

Luckily for her, that frenzied searching had its upsides as well. Without scanning every bit of the nearby scenery, admittedly mostly for a secluded bush, she wouldn't have seen something off in the distance, obscured by trees, benches, and light poles: the small brick shack she had laid eyes on many a time before, the one she knew contained the little monster girl's room. Her tongue popped out from between her lips as a drop of drool fell loose onto her endowed chest. It took a concerted effort to shake herself free of the haze, but she did so, and almost immediately began dashing for it, paws firmly against the front of her shorts, all in the name of holding.

With her fit kobold speed, the time elapsed between the first step and skidding to a stop was brief. That didn't mean it was easy, of course, exerting herself at such a delicate time. "Don't think about how much you leaked, don't think about how much you leaked..." She could absolutely feel the soaking in her panties grow warmer and wetter, like it could be showing through the thin fabric of her white shorts. All the more reason to keep her big paws covering the spot, no matter what strange looks it attracted.

But there it was, right in front of her eyes, the universal symbol denoting the women's restroom. All she needed to do was push, straining to remove her right paw to do so, and leaned against the door with the full weight of her body. But it didn't budge. "Wha?" Pulling back, she slammed the door again, hearing it move a fraction of a millimeter before hitting a barrier. "You're kidding me! It's locked?!" It was only in that moment of despair that she noticed the piece of paper taped just beneath the gender sign, its words clear and concise: Out of Order.

It took Polt several seconds to process the words before her, but when the meaning finally sunk in, her eyes widened, her jaw fell, and her bladder leaked. "Really?! Of all the times!" She had run all the way here, and the toilets were no more usable than the ones at the gym! In a fit of desperation, she even ran to the opposite door, the men's room door, and found the exact same warning pasted to that entrance, just as locked.

Now Polt was in a real pickle. She had spent so much of her available time before an accident just making it here, and now that this opportunity had been swept away from under her, the accident seemed inevitable. Burying her paws between her thighs like a bone in the dirt, she began bouncing on her heels, jiggling her right leg as she continued to lower herself further and further into a squat with each shake, only tempting her body even further.

"Maybe I should just go for it right here..." While that proposition did sound nice, there were still people that would see if she were to yank her shorts off here. Not the end of the world, but still something to be avoided while there was still a chance. But was there a chance? Her panties were soaked now, and a particularly powerful jet of pee when she was almost down to the ground ensured that it had to have broken through to her shorts now. It might not be visible on the waterproof fabric, regardless of the color, but she couldn't tell. The warm liquid hitting her paw pads was worrisome enough.

As hope continued to fade, one thought kept nagging at her subconscious, one image forcing its way to the forefront of her mind. This bathroom building was on the very edge of a treeline, and directly behind it was a thick grove of trees. She had never needed to consider that area before, given that it was much easier to use the real toilet immediately adjacent to those woods. However, now that these bathrooms were non-options... "Time to water some plants!" She could hardly be more accepting of the circumstances as she hopped to her feet and ran behind the structure, one or two drops snaking down her thigh from the jolt.

Because the distance was so minuscule, she ran the distance in almost no time. And if she wet her panties any further on the way, she didn't notice, she couldn't with how drenched she already was. But nothing was going to slow her down now, not when she could see the greenery, smell the chlorophyll permeating the air, hear the footsteps of the people grow ever so slightly quieter and farther away.

The pieces had all fallen into place. While she hadn't found a physical barrier to conceal herself behind, there were enough scattered obstructions to reasonably ensure she had privacy, and that was enough. Gripping the elastic waistband of her athletic shorts and underwear simultaneously with her trimmed claws, she pushed the garments straight down, exposing her kibbles and girly bits to the open air. She didn't even wait for the path from her privates to be clear before she bent her knees and squatted with her feet apart.

Purely by coincidence, the instant she wouldn't drench her clothes with the impending flood, it began. No build up, no struggle, no effort, just a mighty, gushing, fire hose of a pee. It was perfectly clear and only had a light smell to her powerful nose, but it hissed like an angry lamia, splashed like white-water rapids, and drops jumped back up onto her socks and ankles like a high-dive into a pool.

And to Polt, it was one of the most sublime experiences of her life. "Haaahahahhaaaaaaaa..." Just letting go of her bursting bladder and letting its contents drain into the dry dirt felt wonderful, as the radiating warmth on this mildly chilly day blew across her fur. The soil couldn't even handle the downpour all at once, the majority instead gathering and quickly expanding a puddle from where the stream crashed down, bubbles forming on the surface and slowly drifting outwards.

Once again, her tongue drooped out as she started breathing heavily, panting with ecstasy as her bright blue eyes shone, her ears folded back, and her tail began sweeping the ground behind her, kicking up a small cloud of dust. While it wasn't exactly her preferred method of doing business, there was just something about peeing outside that felt...liberating, natural, correct. She was no slouch when it came to urine capacity, so the volume spouting out was quite respectable for her size. The puddle, quickly turning into an ocean, continued to spread until it was completely surrounding the soles of her sneakers.

Of course, at that power, it was only a matter of time before her stream diminished. It was no short time, but it came to pass while Polt was still enjoying it, a solid minute later. It first went down to what one would normally expect from an average potty break, managed to stay at that level for a surprisingly long time, and then dropped off to nothing but dribbles and spurts, a stage that didn't last long before the kobold had peed it all out. "Mmmmmm...good..."

She took a second, or two, or two dozen, to recover from the bliss after it had ended, far more out of breath than any workout could cause. "Phew...haven't needed to go like that in a long time! Felt good to go, but it's nice to be done!" However, the sound of one stray drop falling directly beneath her reminded that she wasn't totally finished yet. "Oh, should find something to wipe with." She looked and looked, as far as her head could turn, but she had picked a barren piece of land to plop down and go for it, a place where no leaves could be found.

"Looks like I might need a change of underwear when I get back. Oh wait, I don't think I have any. Then I guess it'll be pantyless for today!" The sky blue undergarment was pretty wet, now that she could see them, wearing those the rest of the day wouldn't be comfy, especially not with the frequent movement she was known for. Hoping to spare the poor cloth any further damage, she shook her butt and dislodged any stray drips stubbornly clinging on.

Suddenly, the sound of rustling dirt caught Polt's attention, as her ears perked up and located the direction of the noise. Whatever it was, she wasn't alone, and she didn't need to wait long to see who was approaching: another girl, slender with light hair, but with large wings on her back and green scaled arms, walking pretty stiff and uncomfortable, biting her bottom lip and looking around carefully. Polt recognized her. One of her side jobs was rehabilitation of monster delinquents, where she had amassed a small group, and this girl was one of the members. "Hey there, Draco!" She jumped up to greet the dragonewt, excited to talk and catch up.

Draco jumped high in surprise, hearing the kobold's loud voice. Clearly, Polt had gotten the upper hand, or paw, on detecting the other. "P-Polt?!" She jolted to look over at the trainer, and violently reacted once again, staggering back with her arms covering her eyes. "W-what are you doing?!"

Polt tilted her head in confusion. "What's wrong, Draco?" While the dragonewt wasn't usually happy to see her, the reaction was never this extreme.

"You need to pull your pants back up!"

$$

*024*2019-06-13 18:06

{{15 hours ago, pnesfan said:

Love this story, Captain L! In fact, I love all your stories a ton, specifically the ones where girls "just make it"! The way you describe the sensations of peeing, as well as the tremendous relief they each feel is incredibly on point and super erotic!

I actually commissioned a pic of the Cerea chapter and wanted to share it but wasn't sure where the best place would be, so I hope it's okay here. That was my favorite chapter BTW, so much pee she can hold, and she lets it all out just like a racehorse, lol!

The artist is Pechi on HF

}}

Oh, that is very nice. Yeah, though I'm the biggest fan of Papi in general, the Cerea chapter probably came out the best, in my eyes. Thank you very much for the read, and the commission.
