Equestria Girls (My Little Pony) Wet-a-Thon - Page 2

Author: Slater

*025*2017-10-20 03:34

{{11 hours ago, falschirmjager said:

I eagerly await the next installment. Quick question though, when it comes time for Twilight to have her accident, will you be using the human version (Sci-Twi) or the pony Twilight from Equestria?

}}

Oh good question.

I'm probably going to post a separate story for regular Twilight. But for this series, it's Sci-Twi.

I'm having difficulties coming up with at least a semi-realistic scenario for Sunset Shimmer and Applejack.

I have something planned for Diamond Tiara and Silver Spoon, Octavia, Trixie, and as much as it breaks my heart, Starlight Glimmer.

I have a scenario for Derpy, but I can't put my heart in to it.

*027*2017-10-21 07:35

Whoops, yeah Pinkie Pie's story is going to be wrapped into the CMC, forgot.

I bet I could tickle you at least with the CMC.

Truth be told, Fluttershy and Rarity are the oldest omorashi subjects I've written about.

*029*2017-10-22 20:55

STORY THREE: DASH FOR THE BATHROOM

Rainbow Dash scored another three pointer against Crystal Prep, 41 to 36 against the Wondercolts’ favor so far and the first half ended. She bit her lip as she jogged into line. She felt like she and Sunset Shimmer were carrying the team, and it was a struggle to keep up. When they got back to the locker rooms, Rainbow Dash went up to Coach Spitfire.

“Spitfire, ma’am? Can I be excused?”

“Chug some Gatorade, Dash! I don’t want you dehydrating with how much you’re playing.”

Rainbow Dash pinched her face in anger as she pulled up a bottle and squeezed the contents into her throat. Truth be told, she was pretty thirsty, and she was avoiding drinking any more. But for good reason. Her fist tightened and she stepped one foot on the other. After emptying half the bottle and filling up her stomach, she bolted out into the court, and was irritated by the crowds around the doors trying to get more concession snacks or make their way out to the parking lot towards the porter potties set up on the far end of Crystal Prep’s activity centers.

There was a plumbing problem and the whole gymnasium was out of water, and for security reasons some of the other buildings were locked up. And Rainbow Dash had to pee since the game started, having been drinking on the bus ride up there, and getting off not feeling the need or wanting to wait in the lines thinking there would be a bathroom available in or by the locker rooms.

She would’ve taken the time to go after the first quarter, but she didn’t want to risk losing a single minute of playing. Two star players were injured and one was at home sick. And their replacements weren’t exactly the most desirable of players.

“Rainbow Dash!” came a familiar young voice. The Wondercolt turned and saw Scootaloo with Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom. “Hey, we’re with the Foal Free Press, and we were hoping for an interview about tonight’s game?”

Rainbow Dash smiled. “I’d totally be up for an interview, squirt, but maybe after the game would be a better time.”

Scootaloo beamed with a squeak. “Sure thing!”

With a sigh, Rainbow turned back and upon reaching the porter potties discovered to her horror there were only three set up, and a line of at least ten people were in front of each! She face palmed herself and looked up to the sky. “Why the hell did they not set up more for this important championship game?”

She turned around and ran back into the school grounds, which was made up of multiple buildings. She knew the main classroom building down the short street was probably closed, but maybe she could get in another building or get access to one of the on-site boarding houses.

She got up the steps to one building and pulled and yanked, but the double doors didn’t budge. She went to the next-closest building but likewise it wasn’t open either. If it weren’t for the open grounds, or students and campus security guards being around, she might’ve just squatted somewhere to relieve herself.

With an angered huff, she jogged back to the gymnasium and made her way through the crowd to the locker room. She realized the other star player was missing. “Coach Spitfire, where’s Sunset Shimmer?”

“Bathrooms,” Spitfire said. “Must be a long line, but I’m glad you’re here. The game starts back up in about two minutes, everyone, let’s get out there!”

Rainbow Dash began to feel extreme discomfort in her bladder. She could feel the weight of it against the waistband of her sapphire blue and gold-trimmed shorts, sloshing around and protesting to her movement in eagerness to be emptied. It was a long time since she held herself to even this point, and she prayed the Wondercolts got ahead enough for her to get a break.

Starting up, one of the taller girls was ready for the initial jump, but Crystal Prep took it away, racing down to their end of the court. Rainbow Dash, true to her name, zipped by and swiped the ball, taking it to the other end. With a short hop by the backboard, she got a 2-pointer from the rush. When she landed, a faint squirt of pee entered her tight grey boyshorts panties. She wanted to jam her hand into her crotch for it, but couldn’t due to the crowd.

The game continued. Crystal Prep tried a 3-pointer but the ball bounced hard off the rim. Derpy managed to get a hold of the ball and looked a little confused for a second before turning away to dribble it to the other side. Three Crystal Prep players were gaining on her when Rainbow told her to throw it to the end of the court.

Derpy threw it with all her might towards the basket, falling very short as it bounced hard on the ground but Rainbow was there to pick it up and score another two-pointer. Only one point down and Sunset Shimmer got back into the game.

Basketball was fierce. Crystal Prep was able to rotate out their best players for over-decent second stringers, giving their first liners a bit of rest, but Rainbow Dash and Sunset were struggling to keep up with the physical demand, especially with the growing eagerness between Rainbow’s legs.

Doing her best to focus on the game, Rainbow Dash squeaked and bounced in place, always trying to move her legs. When Derpy was fouled though, she was forced to stand in place. She bent down and crossed her legs, she was getting pretty desperate, and there was nothing she could do about it. Derpy was able to get a point on the second attempt, tying the score up again.

At the beginning of the fourth quarter, Crystal Prep went all out, with their 5 all-star players on the court. At first, they got a 7-point lead, but Rainbow Dash and Sunset began to realize their opponents were weak on the outer rim left of the net’s facing when Crystal Prep had the ball during most of their plays. Taking advantage of this, Sunset positioned herself in the empty space as the team repositioned to force the Crystal players to take hasty pop shots or move into their weak area. Sunset managed to get the ball and shouted for Rainbow to go long. Ignoring the pain in her bladder and another spit of hot piss, Rainbow ran as fast as she could. Sunset threw the ball but it was intercepted by a jumping Crystal player. Rainbow Dash groaned as she adjusted course and ran back towards the other side.

Crystal Prep scored another two points and so Rainbow stayed near the middle. The ball was tossed up high to her and she was trying to slow down, casually examining the field. “Scissors!” she shouted. Two Wondercolts moved up to block Rainbow Dash’s point defender and she raced around and faked a shot. The basketball flew back behind her and Sunset caught it from behind. In the distraction, the opponents were looking for a rebound, letting Sunset take careful aim with a clean 3-pointer. They were only 6 points behind but there was only a few minutes left.

Rainbow Dash was getting worried, sweating in nervousness as much as she was for playing hard. She began to tear up, fearing that she was going to lose it in the middle of the game. Crystal Prep scored another 2-pointer, but Sunset was able to get in another 3-pointer followed by Rainbow Dash also getting another 3.

Crystal Prep altered their defense strategy and began to crowd the outside, keeping strong and harsh block on Sunset Shimmer while Rainbow Dash had the ball. Rainbow tried to go for another drive, but missed the shot. In the rebound on the backboard, one of the other Wondercolts got it and managed to get the ball to Sunset who got the ball back to Rainbow Dash. She grimaced, struggling to dribble the ball between her legs only when she suspected her opponent might grab for it.

“Scissors!”

Crystal Prep reacted, expecting a similar play as before, but Rainbow Dash knew Sunset would be blocked. So she passed the ball to Derpy, who after being stunned for a moment, took a pop-shot and made it in the net. The game was tied again.

“Yes!” Rainbow Dash pumped her fist but then instinctively jammed a first towards her crotch. A warm spurt spilled in, and she felt a little drip down her left leg. “Oh no. I can’t take it anymore,” she murmured.

There was only thirty seconds left on the clock. Rainbow Dash nodded to Sunset Shimmer who went down the court. Crystal Prep tried a drive to the goal, but Sunset was already there, jumping to block, slamming her palm hard against it. The basketball struck the court and Rainbow Dash grabbed it, racing down the court, her eyes swelling with tears in fighting back the rising pain below. She could feel it just waiting to flood into her jersey shorts.

With a toss, the basketball went in smoothly, and the Wondercolts were ahead for the first time by two points. Crystal Prep became impatient, and tried a hasty three-pointer. They didn’t make it, but they got the rebound and scored two points, tying up the game again. Rainbow Dash tried to make a hard race to the other end. 15 seconds left, and it looked like three players had gained up on her approach.

Rainbow Dash would have thrown the ball to Sunset Shimmer, but she was falling behind. So she threw the ball at Derpy and prayed she would do something smart with it. Derpy did catch the ball, and saw that things were quite open to the goal. The other three players were so sure she was going to toss it back to Rainbow Dash that one made their way to block.

Derpy whimpered in confusion.

“You can do it!” Rainbow Dash shouted.

Derpy tried dribbling at a half pace. She stopped, lined up her shot, and threw the ball—nothing but net. The Wondercolts were ahead by two points again. Crystal Prep tried racing to the other end of the court but as they tried a long toss for a three-pointer, the game’s buzzer went off. Rainbow Dash rose her arms in the air. She tried running out to the parking lot, ignoring her usual game-glory dance, but was met by several people in her way trying to pick her up.

She blushed hard and apologized as her grey boyshorts sipped another bit of pee. They were probably very visibly dark around her crotch, and she knew that changing wouldn’t be a good idea in the locker room. But that was another thought for another moment—she had to take a hard piss!

Rainbow tried to politely say her thank yous while dodging others in the crowd to reach the parking lot. She turned a corner to make her way to a side door in a darkened hallway and sighed with relief. But as she opened the door, she felt a hand grab her wrist.

“Rainbow Dash!” Scootaloo said. “That was so, totally, epic!” The younger student yanked Rainbow Dash down to a kneel. “Oh man, if only we had all our good players, we could’ve cremated them!”

“Y-y-yeah. Hey, kid listen, could you—”

“So the first question of the interview,” Scootaloo said as she pressed the button to her recorder. Sweetie Belle was there ready to take notes as Apple Bloom got out a camera to take pictures.

Rainbow Dash bit her lower lip, closed her eyes and was vibrating with tension. She tried to stand up, and realized that if she tried running off, she was going to pee right then and there. She had to go so badly, she felt like she couldn’t even move.

“I—I have to, um, I have—to…” Rainbow Dash stood stiff. She blushed hard and looked down, staggering her legs apart slightly. “Shit,” she whispered.

Pee gushed freely into her boyshorts and pumped hard into her jersey shorts, the porous nylon offering little resistance to the heavy darkening appearing on them. The three girls were confused for a moment but then realized what was happening when there was a heavy pattering on the tile between Rainbow’s white and blue sneakers. Her knee-length shorts were rapidly getting soaked around the crotch and middle, and there were two incessant waterfalls cascading from the golden-lined hems. Gold socks darkened and Rainbow Dash sighed with the unwanted relief. She was peeing herself, in her uniform, in front of the CMC.

She leaned her head back and groaned as the pee continued gushing, racing down her light blue skin, trickling into her socks and pooling in her shoes which were also getting wet on the top as pee trickled onto them. But most of the flow was slamming all over the tile from the hems of her shorts. Rainbow felt the back and sides of her grey boyshorts get steamy hot soaked, all along her tight, athletic ass. She stepped back, disturbing the lake she was creating around her feet and leaned up against the back wall and sank down, legs spread to continue peeing as she folded her arms over her head.

Pee was now super-soaking the back of her sapphire blue shorts now stained a damnable dark royal blue, pouring in a heavy stream out of her crotch and ass into a new puddle. It took another twenty seconds like that for her to finally finish.

The trio of girls were standing there, recording it all and stunned. Scootaloo adjusted her face of shock to one of excitement even though her two friends were disgusted.

“Oh my gosh!” Scootaloo said. “Girls, do you know what this means? Rainbow Dash is a hero!”

“Huh?” the others asked in unison.

“Rainbow Dash gave up all bathroom breaks to focus on winning the game! She just peed in own jersey as a sign of devoted loyalty to win the game for her team! This will make an awesome article!”

Rainbow Dash looked up, with a confusing stunned look on her face. Seeing that the three girls were smiling, she ignored the sickly warm feeling in her clothes and stood up with a clenched fist. “Y-yeah! You’re right! I shouldn’t be ashamed.”

Sweetie Belle rubbed the back of her head. “Sorry we stopped you from getting to the bathroom.”

Rainbow Dash winked. “No sweat. I don’t think I would’ve made it anyway.”

Apple Bloom gasped. “Hey, can we get a picture?”

Rainbow Dash put her hands on her hips. “Sure thing. Just remember, it’s not always a bad thing to pee your pants.”

Scootaloo smiled as she wrote it down. “We won’t forget! Hopefully not any time soon, but we’ll remember!”

*033*2017-10-23 07:09

{{5 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I would have REALLY enjoyed that if she were wearing something more my style. (I know you did the "boyshorts" thing for me, but again, the only thing that really works for me over them is a skirt)

Keep it as is, but is it all right if I personally imagine she's wearing something else?

Other than that, good job.

}}

Lol your fantasies. I don't control them. Mine are more contextually and situational driven, which is why I don't care as much for someone just standing there privately in a bathtub wetting. The boyshorts were actually part of my original concept. There's enough characters and types here for a wide variety of clothes and positions.

So are you intensely focused on skirt/dress wetting of a sort no matter who it is, or do you only want to imagine Rainbow Dash in certain, specific clothes? I'm just intrigued.

*035*2017-11-04 22:48

STORY FOUR: RAIN IN THE TRAIN

“Apple Bloom!” Sweetie Belle hissed as she jammed both her hands into her skirt. “Why did you make us work on the Foal Free Press article without breaks?” She squirmed in her seat and blushed, no longer caring about who might see her state of discomfort.

Apple Bloom was concentrating on her laptop, grimacing that it was hard to focus and see because her legs in her tight and rolled capris were snapped together, bouncing rapidly. Scootaloo was standing in front of them, hunched over with left boot on the right, knees locked, one hand rubbing the top of her tight, shamrock green shorts going halfway down her thighs.

“Because,” Apple Bloom replied, “Scootaloo here was taking too long, and we have to get this story out by tomorrow morning!” She felt a spit of pee enter her strawberry red, white-laced panties under her capris.

“My zipper was stuck! Still stuck.” Scootaloo argued. She moved her arm away and lifted her grey shirt up a little showing her matching grey hipster panties a little. “Can I sit down now? It’s hard to hold still with the pressure on.”

“No way!” Sweetie Belle replied. “We’re taking turns standing up. And it’s not your turn yet!”

“But it’s easier to hold your pee when you’re sitting down! And you’re in that frilly, yellow dress.” Scootaloo began bending up and down more furiously. “This is so embarrassing. I’ve never wet myself before.”

Apple Bloom stuck her tongue out while continuing to bounce in her seat. “I have. It ain’t the most pleasant experience, but it was while I was out working on the farm.”

Sweetie Belle pouted as she bent down a little, remembering her dark blue panties with a white bow on the front, just like her bra. “What’s the big deal? Didn’t you say that Rainbow Dash wetting herself was like, all cool and stuff?”

Scootaloo felt a tinge of pee spill into her grey hipsters. “Yeah, but I don’t think this is going to be one of those times. And it’s Rainbow Dash! Everything she does,” Scoots winced, “is awesome! Oh man, I have to go so bad!”

One of the boys sitting around them started to look uncomfortable, standing up to leave. Scootaloo’s eyes became filled with stars as she saw the open seat. But as she tried stepping her way there, the train got bumpy and she wrapped her legs around the railing to keep from losing control. In that moment of hesitation Pinkie Pie in her cheerleading outfit took the seat and crossed her legs.

“Oh, I’m so glad I found a seat!” She leaned over and whispered loudly. “I have to go to the bathroom, really bad! And it’s a lot easier to hold it when you’re sitting!”

Scootaloo groaned. “Not you too!”

Apple Bloom began to fidget in her seat and play with her hair as she desperately tried editing the final touches on their article. “I really hope I don’t pee on my laptop.” In response, Scootaloo grabbed her threw her out of her seat and sat down, both hands tucked away in her crotch as she locked her knees and arced out her calves. “Good, then you won’t mind me doing my best not to wet myself while I sit down.”

Apple Bloom grabbed her friend and threw her out of the seat and took her position again. “I have to finish the article, and I can’t do that standing up!”

Pinkie Pie giggled. “This sounds like fun! Hey girls, why don’t we just make a fun game out of it? Like a holding contest!”

The CMC paused a moment, leaning in and giving her awkward looks. Apple Bloom rolled her eyes. “Pinkie Pie, only you could make a game out of something so silly and embarrassing.”

Pinkie beamed with a smile. “I’ve never wet myself on a train before, or in a cheerleading outfit, and I’ve never done it while trying to make someone else smile.” She reached in her explosion of hair and pulled out a goodie bag. “The winner can get all this stuff! But I have extra candy bars for anyone who does have an accident, you know out of pity.”

The CMC looked at each other. Scootaloo pinched her face and wrapped her long, strong, young legs around the metal poll again, warming it with her body heat. She held out a hand. “What have got to lose? I mean, if we make it, we make, right?”

Pinkie Pie giggled. “I really hope I make it,” she lifted up her sapphire skirt, revealing the shiny, nylon bloomers. “Not that wetting yourself is clean, but it’d be really messy to pee in these!”

As the younger girls coughed and looked away, and tried distracting themselves, Sweetie Belle perked up. “Pinkie, why do you have to go the bathroom so bad?”

Pinkie Pie re-crossed her legs and put her hands on her seat, gripping it hard. “I was too busy cheering! I didn’t get any breaks, just like she didn’t. And now I really, really, really, really gotta pee!”

Scootaloo pinched her face and closed her eyes as she bent down a little more, wrapping and swinging herself around like a poll dancer. “So—so why didn’t you go after the game? We were stuck working on our article.”

“I was trying to help pack everything up, and before I knew it, we were getting on the last bus to the train.”

Scootaloo began rubbing her left leg up and down the pole as she jammed it as tightly into the crotch of her shamrock green shorts, feeling her bladder leak out a little more. Sweetie Belle tried to ignore her and look out the window. Pinkie Pie’s foot was waving around as she tried clenching her thighs together. Apple Bloom’s whole body was shivering.

“Shit, shit, shit,” Scoots whispered as she clenched her teeth. She looked up at Pinkie Pie. “How—h-h-h-how much longer?”

Pinkie Pie looked at her phone and frowned. “Probably another thirty minutes.”

Scootaloo felt more pee gently leak into her grey hipsters. She was sweating, lifting up her shirt, and revealing a little bit of her bluish-white sports bra as she wiped her forehead. “Please, oh please tell me you’re wrong!”

Pinkie Pie looked out the window. “Nope, because that’s the ice cream place we passed by almost halfway there!”

Sweetie Belle felt another spasm and began to breath heavy and fast as she hiked up her feet on her seat legs and pressed her heels into her blue panties and hugged her legs. She was rocking herself and whimpering.

Scootaloo kept lifting up her left leg as pee continued to leak into her panties, now creating a slightly visible dark green streak around her crotch. “Shit—shit—shit, oh shit…” She desperately tightened every muscle and squeezed and pinched every facial muscle, but she felt a gentle hand rank her fingers that were clamped to the poll.

“It’s ok,” Pinkie Pie said softly.

Scootaloo began to cry. “I—I’m not going to make it! I have to go so bad!” She sobbed a little and rubbed her left leg on the poll a little. She slid her arms up and buried her face into her sleeve.

“It’s going to be fine,” Pinkie replied. “Shh. It’s ok.”

Scootaloo was shivering as she hugged the poll as hard as she could, legs wrapped around. She lifted up her head and laid it on the side of the poll, blushing hard while biting her lip. Her eyes popped open wide. “N—no, oh no, oh no.” She lifted her left leg a little higher as she felt the warmth rupture out into her grey hipsters, and flood into the crotch of her shorts. “No, no, no, no!” She fought against the tide, but her bladder was exhausted. Her whole body vibrated as the pee steamed out of the hem of her shorts and fell like a hard, pattering waterfall to the floor. She was bent over just a little, causing the pee to also slide down her tight, healthy thighs and drip down her athletically thin calves.

“No! No, no, no—no…” she slowly released the tightening around the poll but still clung to it like an old friend even as her pee spiraled down, warming the metal and joining the flow streaming from her butt and thighs to create a damnable lake beneath her. Scootaloo’s right shoe was getting very wet as she couldn’t help herself, pee continuing to push out and visibly spread out all over her green shorts, the contrasting darkness very obviously used as a toilet.

She lifted a hand to her forehead and sunk down, sliding her bare, light tan legs to squeak down the warmly wet poll, shivering and feeling her hands also get wet until she was bent down, allowing a massive stream flow out of every part of her shorts around her butt and crotch. She put a wet hand to her forehead and sniffled as she continued letting it all out, giving up and accepting her fate.

Apple Bloom bit her lip as her knees shook more violently. “Ah am so sorry, Scoots.”

“Yeah,” Sweetie Belle said, “but I’m afraid one of us might be next!”

Pinkie Pie wanted to reach over and comfort Scootaloo, but she was far too focused on not losing control herself. She could feel all the extra soft drinks swell into her bladder. A hot stream spat into her bubblegum panties and bled into her nylon bloomers. Pinkie doubled over and crossed her legs in the opposite direction.

Sweetie Belle began rubbing her crotch through her yellow skirt. “Oh, it hurts! It hurts!” She hissed and bit her lower lip, feeling another surge of pee exit into her blue panties and spread out up to the little white bow. Her bladder was swelling against her belt. “I—I can’t take it anymore! It hurts so badly!”

Apple Bloom held out a hand. “What are you going to do about it?”

Sweetie Belle pursed her lips. “I don’t know. I—I…” She felt pee suddenly spray into her clothes. “I can’t—can’t hold…”

She looked down and moved her hands as her still-hurting bladder forced the pee to explode out of her young vagina, raging into a hateful torrent. Her skirt was getting drenched quickly. She quickly tried sliding off the seat to prevent the damage from being worse, standing on her knees on the floor. Her dress was still in the way from the back as she was hunched over, and pee fell from her blue panties to slide and soak into the back of her skirt, before getting its fill and drip loudly from her butt down to her knees, her pee going everywhere and sliding out and around both legs.

Sweetie Belle stood there transfixed by the fact she was actually peeing in her clothes, uncontrollably on a train, just two feet from Scootaloo’s own puddle. She looked up a little and looked around, noticing that there was two or three students watching including Pinkie Pie before looking back down, breathing hard and slow. She couldn’t see much from the top of her partly wet dress, but she could feel it pumping out of her panties and falling all over her model-thin, soft grey inner thighs. She could also feel the back of her warming dress wetly draping over her calves.

It took half her bladder being empty before Sweetie Belle began to feel relief, so hard and hurting was her effort to try holding herself. Her mind was empty and under blank fascination at how much she could pee. On and on her over-soaked panties kept sagging beneath the drenching tide until there was a huge puddle forming behind the seat and flowing out around her. Apple Bloom shifted her feet best as possible to avoid stepping in the growing, yellow-tinted lake.

After she felt the flow flicker, breathing cool and calm. She leaned back and sat down on her knees, feeling the sopping wetness of her dress and panties against her legs, squeezing out some of the pee-soaked clothes like a sponge. She looked up with a heavy blush and saw Scootaloo’s puddle and soaking butt of her green shorts still dripping a little.

“I had to pee, so bad,” she exhaled, “I can’t believe I did that.”

Apple Bloom couldn’t take it anymore and finished up the last edit, putting the laptop away and concentrated on not peeing herself like her two friends just did. She didn’t care if she beat Pinkie Pie or any of the rest of the candy offered, she just didn’t want to pee on the train!

But she felt a hard double spurt through her strawberry red white-lace panties and into the denim crotch of her capris, creating a thumb-sized visible wet spot...

*037*2017-11-05 19:17

{{19 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I wonder if Apple bloom will make it

}}

She might, or maybe Pinkie Pie will make it.

I've determined at least 1-2 characters in this series will make it. But you will forever wonder which one until it is time.

@The Dark Wolf

I've started working on the next chapter but as usual I will wait to post until you read.

*041*2018-01-01 09:19

{{On 12/25/2017 at 4:23 PM, sporty-omo said:

Can’t wait to see part 2 ^^ Part 1 was definitely good to read

}}

There's 4 stories, you mean story 5?

Sorry for the long delay. A lot of art commissions have been weighing me down.

*043*2018-05-06 11:32

STORY FVE: BRAKE FOR THE PEE BREAK

“Oooooooh!” Apple Bloom squirmed in her seat, not caring who saw her hands jammed into the crotch of her blue denim capris. She and Pinkie Pie felt really badly that Scootaloo and Sweetie Belle had to stay on the train drenched in their own puddles. But all they could do was pray they weren’t next!

The train finally screeched to a halt at the station of their destination. Pinkie Pie bit her lower lip as she tried to stand. They both knew that there were probably only two or three stalls in the bathroom, plus the family one-room, and there were more than two hundred students, parents, and faculty ready to get off.

Apple Bloom stood, bouncing on her tip toes and furiously rubbing her thighs together, cheeks blushed and gritting her teeth. As she unbuckled her belt and unbuttoned her pants, she felt another spit of pee exit her little vagina and bleed visibly around the crotch and slither down a little along her right, inner leg. “Oh shoot, I’m not going to make it standing here!” She turned to the window, stepping around Sweetie Belle’s own puddle and pushing her to the side, exposing the wetness of her yellow skirt.

She lifted up the window, stood on the seat and scrambled through it, unfortunately showing the whole group waiting there the darkness around her skin-tight jeans. But she got caught in the middle. “Oh come on! Please, oh please!” she was in tears, trying as she jerked and twisted and finally fell down. The fall hurt her shoulder, but except for a little dust, she was fine. With a hand clamped in her crotch, feeling the bit of wetness around her pinky, she made a dash for the women’s bathroom.

She pulled the door open with her right hand as her left kept its grasp down below. She got in and saw two women waiting in front of the stalls. Apple Bloom moaned loudly, didn’t even ask and walked down along the brick of the dusty, dark station to the family bathroom.

It was open and nobody was in! She felt triumph as she got in, but the heavy door wouldn’t close quickly. “Oh please, oh please, hurry, hurry! Oh!” She was stammering in place, bouncing and squeezing her legs together, wrapping one in front of the other and bending down, trying her very best not to pee now that she was in the bathroom.

As the door closed, Apple Bloom had to push up against the door to get the rusty old lock to latch in place. She could just feel the porcelain beneath her legs. The bathroom was very dirty, there were big spiders along the upper corners, a mop and broom were in a bucket in the corner, and as she stepped her way towards the greyish-brown rimmed toilet where it met dusty backing, she felt her shoes stick to the floor. But it was the most beautiful bathroom Apple Bloom could imagine at the moment.

She stood in front of the toilet, squeaking, moaning, whimpering, but something was wrong. Her buckle was off, her button was undone. But her zipper was already yanked halfway, probably when they got caught in the window. She looked down getting a glimpse of her strawberry panties with white lace band. She pulled. Nothing. She tugged. Again, nothing. She gripped it hard and strained. No budge.

“Oh fucking shit!” She kicked the rim of the toilet in frustration. It reminded her of the time when she was 5-years-old. She had on a pair of overalls that wouldn’t unhook for some reason and she felt too old to ask for help from Applejack, Big Mac, or Granny Smith. She was tired of bothering them for help, least not because she overheard her older siblings complain about not getting the chores done in a timely manner because they had to stop to get this juice pack open or tie that shoe.

She remembered being out in field of apple trees, stopping her play once in a while to try and undo the overalls, but failing each attempt and so continued playing, hoping to ignore it. But her desperation grew and grew till the whimpering little 5-year-old Apple Bloom was standing behind one of the biggest trees, marching in a little circle and hiking up her little leg, swinging it around while trying to desperately get her overalls undone. She wasn’t really supposed to pee in the field in case someone saw her but she couldn’t help it now.

Little Apple Bloom felt a continuous spurt of pee shoot into her blue panties and go into her overalls. As she got more desperate, she bent low a little, crossing one foot in front of the other, kicking her overwrapped foot on the back of that tree. As she made a rapid beat with her heel, she could feel her lower stomach lurch.

She gulped hard, fidgeting and pleading, the rising feeling coming up. She was vibrating in her extreme desperation until rapid spurts opened up into a flood in her little overalls. Apple Bloom kept kicking the tree and kept her legs squeezed shut and bent up and down a few times, defiantly ignoring the inevitable as warm pee spilled all over her legs and jeans. Only when the pee traveled down to her ankle and started licking her socks did she give up and step her legs shoulder-width apart, relaxing and allowing it to flood everywhere. Her blue panties were overly soaked as was the back and front of her pants, glistening in the light as she quietly stood there, creating a puddle in the grass with a looming apple tree behind her.

Apple Bloom remembered how warm and squishy it felt to be so thoroughly soaked because she stood peeing in multiple positions and moved as she tried stopping the flow, hearing it fall off her little bum and pour in a waterfall off the hems. She remembered continuing to try and get the overalls undone but teenage Applejack having gone looking for her saw her little sister and lovingly tried to help her.

Flashing back to the present, Apple Bloom knew this wouldn’t be quite the same at all. “Oh! Shit, shit, shit, shit!” She continued fiddling with her zipper but it was no use. She felt that same lurching motion, like she was going to throw up but in her bladder. She took a rocking step back and then forward like a ship ready to capsize. She turned to her right and put her head up against the brick wall and sank down to rest her forehead on the handicap bar.

With her fingers still gripping her stuck zipper, she bit her lower lip, eyes squinting hard. There wasn’t anything she could do. Apple Bloom thought of her friends and slowly and shakily lifted both hands on the bar and opened her eyes a little, tilting her head to the side.

The Crusader rubbed her temple on the cold metal as if resting her head in Applejack’s chest like she did all those years ago, and gave up. Hot liquid violently gushed outward into her pants. She squinted an eye and gasped, then coughed twice before waving her butt left and right before stepping her legs apart. As the pee jettisoned into the denim it formed a strongly visible dark-purple stain and spread out all over. She darned to lower her head as she listened to the spraying urine flush into her clothes.

Forehead against the metal bar, she saw, upside down, the pee spreading along her legs in a hateful fury. She spread her legs apart a little further and it rained down along the inner thighs of her capris. At this point it was now reaching the edge of her rolled up cuffs, which absorbed some of the liquid well. When it began to dribble down her calves on the side, overpowering the thick roll of denim, the layers sponging the pee failed to hold up any longer. Her bladder continued pumping it out strongly into a wrapping waterfall, loudly hitting the dusty floor, first on her right leg cuff, then her left.

She shifted her hips and stepped her legs apart a little further again, gulping. Her panties, butt, and crotch of her clothes were overly soaked and glistening in the light. She watched the puddle around her feet grow and she could also feel her boots filling up, socks squelching inside. It was taking forever to finish, and Apple Bloom just wanted it to be over with.

She pressed her pee out with what little strength remained, causing a flux of pee to cascade into a tall stream for a few moments. Her puddle had now turned into a lake, causing ripples as she stepped her legs into different positions, causing the pee to darken new areas along the sides and back like fingers spreading out to feel as much of her healthy, strong, young legs they could. She could hear it falling into the drain pipe in the middle, and huffed a sigh.

Finally, it was finishing up, her pants completely and overly drenched in the center and wrapping around most of the rest of her capris. She put a hand up to her forehead and rubbed it.

A loud pounding startled her.

###

“Oh, pickles!”

Pinkie Pie had dashed out of the train as quickly as she could, turning into a blur of pink, blue, and gold, racing into the bathroom and then racing along the wall to the family bathroom. She hammered her knuckles on the door. “Ooooooh!” she was grabbing her cheerleading skirt and tucking it between her legs with both hands down there. “Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!” She danced in place, saying the word with each step, “hurry it up in there!” She whined. “I’m not going to be able to wait much longer!”

She started chattering her teeth, feeling the pee spit again into her bloomers. She shrieked and ran all over the train station looking for a solution to her predicament and then back to the front of the family bathroom. “If I don’t get into a bathroom right now, I’m going to pop like a water balloon!”

*045*2018-05-08 05:25

*047*2018-05-09 04:05

I guess I'm not the only one who comes in on infrequent spontaneous spurts.

*049*2018-09-05 14:00

STORY 6: PRANCE AND FROLICK

Apple Bloom wasn’t quite sure what to do. She was still transfixed and shocked that she wet her pants, and she was still hoping to come up with some solution. She reached out to the handle with nervous fingers.

“It—it’s ok,” Pinkie squealed, “I’ll just uh, uh, go somewhere else!” She stuffed both hands into her sapphire blue cheerleading skirt, locked her knees together, and swung out her left leg, then her right in a shuffling dance. She looked forward and frantically rubbed the blue bloomers, thinking about her favorite pink cotton candy silk frill panties as they got a little more wet. “Oh, oh you like that, huh?” she put on a sour face and looks at you reading this story as she breaks the fourth wall. “Pervert. Oh,” her face scrunched in agony. “I really, really hope I’m a character who makes it to the bathroom on time!”

Pinkie Pie ran as fast she could, still clutching her crotch desperately as she zoomed to a far end of the station, then up the stairs at the streets of the city of the night. Some businesses still seemed like they were open. She wobbled her way up to what looked like a restaurant.

“Oh, oh, PLEASE, pretty please let me use your bathroom!” Pinkie was jumping up and down.

The host puckered his lips and looked at her up and down and then out the window, seeing a line of school busses. “I need your ID, miss.”

“I—D?”

He pointed at a sign. “After 10pm, you must be 21 or older. I could lose my job letting you in.”

Pinkie Pie grabbed his polo shirt and sank to the ground. “Oooooh, please, mister! Do you know anywhere near here I can use the little girl’s room?”

“There’s a few places upstairs that might, but it’s doubtful.”

She took two steps and grimaced, dreading the flight of stairs that might as well have been a mountain climb. Shivering in her extreme desperation, she made her way up, unsure if she was going to make it up there—or back down if she couldn’t go.

Carefully she stepped on, sweating as her feet daintily moved forward as she was forced to spread her legs apart forward and back. She reached the top without incident and with a sad puppy face she looked up at a large, bald man with dark sunglasses and business suit, arms folded. He seemed to be a guard for a dance floor.

“Hi! I’m just hoping to use your bathroom!”

Without a word or gesture, he moved an arm and pointed at a sign. No one under the age of 21 allowed beyond this point. $12 entry fee, cash only.

“Fiddle sticks!” she jumped on the hand rail and slid down out the door. Back on the streets, she violently rubbed her bare, light pink thighs as she bent over. “Oooooh, well I could go back to the station, but that’s a whole other flight of stairs down!” she looked left and began walking fast, but despite lights, it seemed the shops or places were closed or part of a bigger business to which the front door lay elsewhere. She saw a sandwich shop across the street and beamed with hope. She took a step but a speeding taxi raced by. A lanky, mustached police officer catty corner across gave her a glare and Pinkie looked up to see she couldn’t cross yet. She crossed her legs and bent down as she twisted toward the street light pole and rapidly pushed the crossing button. “Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!” she grit her teeth as her swollen bladder pressed against the hem of her tight skirt.

The light changed and Pinkie ran across. She saw a person inside, a customer! He was on his way out but he was still inside. Pinkie squealed as she flashed a huge, awkward grin and stumbled her way up to the door. She politely and impatiently waited for the man to walk out. And when she tried flying in, she smacked against the door that didn’t budge.

“Hey! What gives!” She bent down and stammered on her tiptoes. “I’ve got one heck of a Pinkie potty emergency here!” An employee seemed to ignore her as she was putting things away and setting up chairs on the tables. “OH COME ON!” Pinkie banged furiously against the door with her right hand as her left strained to rub against her crotch. “Let me in! I really, really gotta pee!”

The police officer took her shoulder, pulled her aside, and stuffed her face against the warm brink wall. He yanked her hand from her clutch hold and forced it behind her back while planting the other on the wall. “Miss, the shop is clearly closed for the day.”

Pinkie strained as a hot spit of pee bled past her damp, silken cotton candy frill panties and into her blue bloomers. “Oh please let me go, officer! I really gotta pee! I don’t think I’ll make it standing here!”

“Sure, sure, I’ll hurry it up a bit.. You got ID on you?”

“In my hair.”

The officer plucked a hand through the cotton pink puff as Pinkie wobbled side-to-side, grinding her backside against his crotch. “Reason I stopped you, looking suspicious, we’ve got a bad prostitution prob here, and you's match a description someone and with some drug issues.”

“I just got off the train from a high school basketball game!” she yelled. She blushed a bit and grinned with apology.

The officer took note of her identify and looked back at the busses, some already rolling by. “Well I guess everything checks out here, just wait a second.” He typed some info on a small pad while Pinkie struggled to rub her thighs together. She started crying and whimpering. “Oh please, officer, I don’t know if I can stand like this!” she squirmed more furiously as another shot of pee entered her bloomers.

“Don’t make me write a ticket for public urinating. I’d have to give you an alcohol test. Alright, you’re good to go.”

Pinkie turned around, jamming a hand in her crotch again, snatched her student ID to put back in her hair and run across the street back towards the train station.

As she reached the top of the stairs, some students were filing up. She felt some pee shoot into her clothes and streak a little down her left leg. With a gulp and her right leg hiked up and wobbling back furiously, she managed to stop the leak.

Everyone was looking at her funny as she stood there, trembling and shaking and sweating. Pinkie bit her lip and she took an unsteady step down. Then another, and another. She made the first ten steps. She was bent down, hand on the rail as the other scrunched up in her skirt. She hobbled a few steps across the middle landing. Ten more steps, then a hop skip to the bathroom! She struggled under the pressure, taking the next two steps to see a janitor close off the women’s bathrooms.

“Wh—wh—huh—ahh, no, no, no…” Pinkie Pie's body trembled as her mind comprehended the moment and unconsciously forced a spray of pee to leak strongly through her panties. It buldged against the silk and her bloomers, jettisoning through the hems and rushing in rapid rivers around her tall, smooth legs. Arcs of streams shot out behind her tightened butt cheeks to collide loudly on the concrete steps.

With so many students walking up towards the stairs, Pinkie Pie felt like she was on a stage. She blushed heavily and looked down, trying desperately at first to stop the flow, but all she got for her efforts were wet fingers, soaking legs, and the front of her skirt dripping. After struggling for several seconds, she let go and stepped her right leg apart and nearly fell, stepping it down.

Some students could see up her bloomers as she over soaked them, the shiny nylon glistening as multiple, hot, steaming pee streams poured out all over the concrete between her legs, also glinting off her skin like rubber in water, flowing around like perverted fingers streaking down her pretty pink, cheerleading legs and into her blue socks and white sneakers.

She slowed her breathing, putting her right hand to her chest and nervously coiled her left fingers on the dripping hem of her skirt. Larger pee streams were loudly reverberating on the step between her outstretched legs, pattering on the corner to create a puddle on the one there, above here her butt was releasing smaller trickles by her right foot, and the one below pooling off her left foot, as pee snaked around that left leg poised like a model, toes arced up as pee dribbled all over the calf.

“Oooh, sorry everyone,” she said with a sniffle while still flooding her panties, bloomers, skirt, legs, and stairs, “I—I couldn’t—I…” she started crying. The weight of excess soda and lemonade pumped out of her relaxing bladder for nearly two minutes, an eternity of feeling as her puffed hair sagged with her expression and embarrassment. Finally, the heavy streams flickered and pinched into a cascade of drips and dribbling. After standing in shock a few moments, breathing heavy, she sank to the steps, sitting on her own puddle and sobbed.

Secretly though, she didn’t tell anyone that she was perfectly ok with having a pee accident, and it was even exciting fun to be so desperate, but for her friends and CMC who already wet themselves, she was being supportive in misery.

“Like, omigod Diamond!” Silver Spoon said stepping by. “Can you believe what babies we go to school with?”

Diamond Tiara snickered. “I’ve never wet myself, and I never will. My mother would kill me. What about you, Spoon?”

The other girl tipped up her glasses. “Same. It’s like, we’re the only ones who were potty trained proper.”

