Dom & sub couple

Author: RoTracksuitWet

*000*2018-05-12 21:31

The story is about a couple between two partners(bf-boyfriend;gf-girlfriend) who are both into Omo but also into BDSM, so when someone needs to pee, he/she has to get permission from the other to go pee. Well this is all about in this story.

It all started yesterday(Sunday) when the bf asked his gf to go and watch a movie with her but not before their bet she said after. The bet was about who's gonna win a boxing match, and the loser has to be the submissive for the next week and the winner, the Dominant. And of course she was the winner and now the bf is in her control/dominance. She agreed to go and watch a movie with him but only if he follows some ''rules'' of her. And the rule is that he has to stay together with her for the rest of the movie which will be almost 4 hours long. So that means two things: wherever she goes he must follow her and he can't go anywhere without her.

The next day(Monday)

They arrived at the cinema and took their seats and the movie was about to start. It was 14:55 and the movie starts at 15:00 and ends at 19:00 and TECHNICALLY there are no breaks so they're not going anywhere, neither him because of the rule. The film has started and the bf was drinking a large soda after he was drinking so much coffee earlier that day. And also he remembered that he hasn't used the toilet before they left. And that panicked him since he can't go anywhere without her gf under any circumstances even if he has urge to pee.

After 10 minutes, just a little pain in his bladder.

After another 10 minutes, 5/10. He started to squirm in his seat but his gf didn't notice anything.

After 30 minutes, his bladder was almost full(8/10) and that means that he has to pee really bad. He tried to ask her that he wants to use the restroom and see the results.

Him: excuse me, babe!

Her: what?

Him: I have to pee so badly, can I go?

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2018-05-19 21:15

Here's the next part:

"After 30 minutes, his bladder was almost full(8/10) and that means that he has to pee really bad. He tried to ask her that he wants to use the restroom and see the results.

Him: excuse me, babe!

Her: what?

Him: I have to pee so badly, can I go?"

Her: remember our rule? You're not going anywhere without me. So stay on your seat and don't move!

Him: I'm gonna pee my pants, i can't hold it anymore!

Her: excuse me! also remember that time when you said you can hold it longer than me?

Her: looks like is another reason for making him stay on his seat (thinking)

Her: You shouldn't have drunk too many drinks. Sorry, my answer is still ''no''.

Him: but.....

Her: shhhhhh! we are trying to watch the movie, babe! (whispering in his ear)

Since she leaned towards him and whispered in his ear, he felt aroused and also got goosebumps almost moaning. He couldn't go anywhere, so he had no choice. He was bursting for a wee. He couldn't endure the torture any longer, his bladder felt like it was going to explode. He was concentrating on the film so he can distract himself. It was hard though, since there is still so much time left until the movie is over. In the film, it is shown a water scene which is about waterfall and this puts too much pressure on bf's aching full bladder. He tapped his feet on the floor and breathe very deeply. Started holding and rubbing his crotch/penis.

Suddenly, his gf started to glance at his crotch. Looks like she was enjoying seeing her bf squirming in his seat and also turned on by his predicament. After that, she leaned her head on his shoulder and placed her hand around his body and got closer her mouth to his ear and started whispering:

Her: How is your bladder?

Him: not so good (trembling)

Her: don't worry! i'll help you (still whispering and then giggling/smiling)

TO BE CONTINUED

*006*2018-05-24 21:14

The third part:

"Suddenly, his gf started to glance at his crotch. Looks like she was enjoying seeing her bf squirming in his seat and also turned on by his predicament. After that, she leaned her head on his shoulder and placed her hand around his body and got closer her mouth to his ear and started whispering:

Her: How is your bladder?

Him: not so good (trembling)

Her: don't worry! i'll help you (still whispering and then giggling/smiling)"

Him: helping me? what does that even mean? (confused and still trembling)

Her: you will see. (smiling)

He was still confused at what she was saying until he saw her placing her hand on his crotch. That's what she meant when she said that she will help him. Helping him to hold his pee in . Then she started to rub(like doing massage) his hard penis and noticed that he was breathing and moaning in arousal.

Her: does it help?

Him: not really but i enjoy.

Her: Oh! So do you like it?

Him: yeah! i guess.

Him: But i still have to pee! Let me go pee, please! (almost tearing)

Her: what? can't you hold it any longer? (speaking with a different pitch voice as she's teasing him)

Her: does the little boy need to pee? (then giggling)

Him: no .

Her: awwwwhhh! that's such a shame. i thought big boys can hold it. (then she kissed him on the cheek)

After several minutes, she continues to rub his penis and also squeeze it gently until she did something else. She slide her fingers up and down on his arm and poke his sides as he abruptly shook(past tense form for ''shake''). Because she was enjoying so much his predicament and also he couldn't go anywhere, she did something different.

She started by tickling his sides lightly, first. He was trembling again.

Him: please, honey! Stop!

TO BE CONTINUED

*009*2018-06-12 17:41

Part 4:

"She started by tickling his sides lightly, first. He was trembling again.

Him: please, honey! Stop!"

Her: what's the matter, babe? are you ticklish?

Her: am i gonna make you wet yourself?

She said while grinning and giggling. She tickled his neck, his sides and his thighs. He couldn't take the torture anymore and he tried his best to get up which it was very hard for him and for his aching bladder. He tried to head to the bathroom but his gf blocked his way and grab his hand and then pulled him back to his seat slightly fast and that ''hit'' his bladder so badly. She wasn't so pleased/happy about his escape attempt.

Her: looks like someone needs to be punished

Him: please, i'm gonna pee my pants

Her: i told you're not going anywhere without me and you just tried to leave without my permission?

Her: well, you MUST stay here until we come back home and.....(thinking)..... I think i will change some rules

Him: please, no

Her: you can't do anything, forgot? I'm the Dominant and you are the submissive and you must do whatever i tell you, got it?

Him: yes! (almost silent and intimidated)

Her: So when we will head back home i'm gonna tell you what to do and if you will pee yourself then you will have to wear diapers and you have to call me: MISSTRESS. For the remaining days of the week. So don't try to run to the bathroom cause i will tie you up and probably let you to stay in wet clothes if you will not make it.

The movie is over now. They get back to their car and headed straight to their place.

TO BE CONTINUED

*011*2018-06-20 18:32

Part 5:

After a car ride, they finally came back home while the bf still having to pee and his gf telling him to wait in front of the door. He hadn't any idea what she was talking about but he did what he was told. After a while she called him from inside and he started to open the door and get in the house and suddenly she sees his gf dressed up as a teacher(glasses,white shirt,black sportscoat,black skirt,pantyhose/tights and black shoes) with a test paper on her hand. He realized what she was up to now(BDSM roleplay). He walked till he can see her much closer. She turned her face to him and said:

Her: Welcome to your test! Now please take a seat!

Him: Can i please go to the bathroom now?

Her: I'm sorry! you were late so you're not going anywhere!

Him: late? I came in immediately after you called me.

Her: When i called you it was 8 o'clock and when you finally came in, it was 8:01.

Her: Now can you please just take your seat? (almost mad)

Him: yes, honey!

Her: honey? I'm not ''honey'' to you. Call me "miss"! got it?

Him: yes, miss!

Her: Good! Now listen to me, you have to solve this test i gave you and don't dare to leave your "desk" until you finish the problem. got it?

Him: yes, miss! (almost quietly)

Her: i'll give you one hour!

The problem from his test paper is an interesting one, is about "How many fluids you have to drink until your bladder is full?".

"Will you be able to hold it until the end of the test?"

It kinda looks like a math problem but it doesn't seem to calculate something. More like to guess the number of fluids in order to make his ability to hold his pee to be very hard. While he was concentrating on the paper, his gf was standing near the kitchen drawer and then she grabbed a water bottle. He looked at her to see what's she doing with that thing.

She started to shake the water bottle slowly and then fast. Now all he can hear is the sound of splashing water. He couldn't take this torture anymore. All he was thinking about was to get up and go to the bathroom and letting the stream flow on the toilet. The urine from his bladder was so full that it felt like it was the whole Pacific Ocean inside. With one hand he was holding the pen and with the other one holding his crotch. Now, his gf grabs a teapot full of tea and starts to pour tea into a cup. Another torture for him. He got up quickly and started to leave for the bathroom but his way has been blocked by his gf.

Her: Where do you think you're going?

Him: aah, nowhere?

Her: How many times do i have to tell you, you are denied to use the toilet?

Her: Sit down! I will come back.

After 5 minutes

Her: Because you've tried to escape again, i'm gonna tie your hands and your feet up to this chair.

Her: you will stay like this until i say so!

TO BE CONTINUED

*013*2018-06-22 21:13

Part 6:

Now he is all tied up to his chair so no more escaping attempts. She went to her room to change her clothes so she can be dressed up as a Dominatrix with a pair of red knee-high heels,black spandex pants and a black spandex top and also her long hair tied up. She was also carrying a sex toy which you know is used for spanking(like a rope or belt or something). He still has to use the bathroom but he only can go if his gf says so.

Her: are you ready to be controlled, sissy boy?

Him: no!

Her: I wouldn't expect such an answer like this from you? I thought you were enjoying this!

Him: true but i think it's a bit too far!

Her: You should've thought about that before trying to escape. If it wasn't for that, probably i would've let you pee.

Her: But guess what? You stay where you are and don't try to leave or else i will spank you till you pee yourself. Got it?

Him: y...y..yeee....sss!

Her: good!

After that, she finally untied him. Then, she was sitting on the living room sofa and she called him:

Her: Now stand up and come over here!

Her: now stand still and don't try to squirm/fidget for 5 minutes! And also hands on your back!

He did what he was told. It was hard for him since his hands aren't there for help, he also started to moan and breathe deeply.

Her: OK! Now spread your legs for another 5 minutes!

Again same results.

Her: Now do 10 push ups.

This time, when he reached the last push up, he lost a spurt.

Him: OMG I lost a spurt. Can I pee now,please? (sounds like crying)

Her: Did the little boy lose a spurt? Deal with it! Now do some stretches, sissy!

Now he loses another spurts but also a little flow. Now his crotch area is soaked and it can be seen very well. She told him that is gonna be the last challenge he's gonna do. And the challenge is to do 10 squats. After the last squat, he lost the control of his bladder. The spurt became stream flow which was running down his legs/pants like a waterfall/river. Now his bladder is finally empty and his pants are almost fully soaked with urine. His gf looked at him but she giggled like she wasn't even mad at him.

Her: you are so cute when you are desperate and also when you act childish. But you're still punished and you have to call me: MISTRESS for the rest of the days.

He stayed in his wet clothes for 30 minutes until she came back with some diapers for him to wear as a punishment. But the interesting part is that she had to put the diaper on him like she was treating him like a baby.

THE END

*016*2019-09-25 22:55

Hi! I came back with another series after a long time. XD

Since i didn't give them names and mention their age, well, here we go: Nathan, 23 year old male submissive and his girlfriend/Mistress, Riley, 27 year old female Dominant. It's been one year. They switch between roles but rarely (I can do series with roles reversed if you want ). The main difference is that Riley is now a soft Domme but if Nathan disobeys her, she will become harsh.

Series 2, part 1:

It is 8 in the morning and Nathan has woken up only to find himself alone and notices Riley is in the shower. He tries to get up but he can't. "What's happening?" he thought. He realized he is tied up to his bed, and tries to escape but he needs the key. He stays there for 10 minutes and his bladder filled so quickly.

His gf is wrapped in a towel and came inside the badroom to untie Nathan but not before she can talk to him: "Good morning, babe!" and then she kisses him, "what's wrong?" / "I really have to pee, can you untie me?" / "I would like to but i can't. I'm in the charge here, so you'll do what i say!" / "Please! I'm really bursting!" / "Nope! I have plans for you today, so be a good boy or else..."

END OF PART 1 (sorry that it's too short. It is late but i promise the next part will be longer)

