Writing a New Story

Author: Gaarm

*000*2013-01-12 05:45

So, I want to write another story, but I don't really know what I want to write about, so I thought I would leave it up to the site to determine what it can be.

I am willing to write about most things, so I'll leave it up to people to decide what the situations are and the like.

The few things I won't write about are:

- messing/scat male desperation or holding anyone under 18 anyone over 35 incest Things you can choose:outfits number of people situation type of build up interactions or obstacles ages between 18-35 physical characteristics people's personalities point of view most other things Feel free to specify how ever many of these bullets as you want. If multiple people give suggestions, I will choose what I think is the best. If there are multiple good ones that warrant a story based off that, I might either combine them into one story or write two smaller stories about both. My stories are decently long, so the more detail I get the easier it is to create a good story.

I do tend to have a particular style when creative writing, so you should check out my other story here to get an idea of how I write. If you like that, you can expect it to be written in a similar way (i.e. stream of consciousness, unreliable narrator, time and uncertainty). If you want it to be written like that you don't need to specify, but if you are looking for something more traditional or something else, then say so.

I like to believe I am pretty creative, so if anyone wants to try and come up with something unusual or a new way of telling the story, I would be game to give it a shot.

Last thing, I am not really a fanfic fan, but I am not a above making this a fanfic, it would just have to be about something I am really familiar with and hasn't been done already ad nauseum (and would turn out to be actually interesting). EDIT: also I won't forbid the story from containing any sex acts, but this is a wetting story so keep that in mind.

