HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure

Author: frostyjr2

*000*2013-11-23 23:45

Dear M & S fans,

A while back, i asked my dear friend orango if he would think about allowing me to collaborate with him on his next Megan and Sarah story.

As it turned out, he had already been considering the idea, and so he enthusiastically agreed to my request...

But i never expected that he would be so kind as to permit me to shape the main plot as well !

So, to him the credit, and to me the blame if the tale is not to your liking.

Anyhow, without any more preamble, i'd like to introduce for your consideration and amusement, our first (but hopefully not last) collaborative piece of writing:

HARD BOILED LEGS, A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure.

Enjoy, and please tell us what you think !

CHAPTER 1:

OLD SCHOOL

“This should be a right bit of fun,” Sarah said as she drove, sarcasm fairly dripping from her voice as she contemplated the weekend ahead. A corporate retreat at the new CEO's house in the country… omg.

“Hanging out with colleagues from work for the whole bloody weekend!” she muttered.

“Who comes up with these stupid ideas anyhow? I don’t see how us sitting around playing trivia games and the like is going to make things go smoother 'round the office in any case.”

She shifted violently, dropping through the gears as the big Mercedes sedan rounded the corner before twisting the wheel sharply again to bring its rear end back into line for the road which straightened out ahead.

After a brief silence, she glanced over at Megan with a single raised eyebrow.

“Are you even listening to me at all?”

Squirming uncomfortably in her seat, Megan was vaguely aware that Sarah had just spoken, but was too preoccupied to formulate a coherent response. Breathing as slowly and as calmly as she could, she tried valiantly to keep her predicament to herself, but knew that very soon Sarah’s trained eye would spot the problem.

In actual fact, Sarah had been watching Megan keenly for some time, and was all too aware of her situation already. The subtle signs had been there ever since they’d left London over four hours ago, and had rapidly become less and less subtle with every passing mile. Whether she realised it or not, Megan’s body language was screaming to anyone that would listen that she was in dire need of a long hard wee. A wee that was by now seriously threatening to make a sudden and unexpected entrance into her underwear.

Curling her toes inside her short lace-up brown leather boots, she momentarily clenched her hands into tight fists before shifting her weight again. Trying to soothe her aching bladder, she pulled up her olive drab cashmere sweater and black microfiber vest slightly in order to gently caress her navel and gazed longingly out of the window as dozens of bushes, all highly suitable places for a pee in her current state of mind, whizzed through her field of vision.

After all this time with Sarah, Megan knew that she probably wouldn't be allowed to relieve herself before they got to wherever it was that they were going, no matter how many rest rooms (or other less appropriate spots) they might pass along the way. All she could do was hope against all odds that she would arrive at their destination without having wet herself thoroughly beforehand. The embarrassment and humiliation of having to get out of the car and expose a pair of soaking wet khaki cargo shorts was just too much to consider, much less bear in reality. She squeezed her well tanned and lean muscled thighs together even more tightly, hoping to stave off the by now well nigh irresistible urge to release all of the pent-up urine from her bulging, swollen bladder.

When she had complained of being a bit thirsty early on during the journey, Sarah had ever so thoughtfully stopped, and purchased an extra large iced green tea lemonade from a Starbucks shop for Megan to enjoy in the car as they drove, as well as a small black espresso coffee for herself. Megan loved that particular drink, always asking for it with extra syrup to make it sweeter. She had relished the taste of every sip of it as she eagerly drank it down, but wasn't enjoying the aftereffects quite as much, however.

Now, as the big Mercedes sedan sped south along the M5, the green tea lemonade was speeding in the same direction through Megan’s frantic body. Shifting her weight around occasionally had made the discomfort from her distended bladder more tolerable, and had helped her hold on as several waves of desperation had threatened to make her lose control.

However, since those waves had become more and more frequent and urgent, she had been forced to resort to more drastic action over an hour ago, and was rapidly losing faith in the ability of her exhausted muscles to hold back the sizzling hot stream for very much longer. As she fidgeted furiously, keeping her knickers dry was all that mattered at this point, and hiding her plight from Sarah now seemed much lower on her list of priorities.

Rhythmically tensing the tops of her legs, she held the seatbelt away from her bloated abdomen and glanced towards her lover, almost deciding to ask her to stop at the next service station. However, quickly realising how futile the request would be, she opted instead to give herself a long firm squeeze through the crotch of her shorts before stating the obvious.

“Hey,” Megan blushed but went on, “How much longer do you think we’ll be? I’m really struggling.”

"Struggling with what, sweetie? I've been doing all the driving, as usual," Sarah said, with a sidelong glance at her pretty passenger.

"Don't play dumb! You know exactly what I mean!" Megan said almost crossly. "I'm just about to wet myself, and you know it. Oh my gosh, that iced tea lemonade..."

She undid the top button of her khaki shorts as she spoke, relieving the pressure of their tight waistband on her bladder just enough for her to hold on a bit longer.

"Don't worry, we're quite close now. Barring any unforeseen occurrences, we should be there in less than twenty minutes."

Twenty minutes... OMG!

To Megan, it might as well have been twenty days. She seriously doubted she'd be able to hold out for that amount of time considering the state she was in. Breathing shallowly and whimpering softly, she was certainly no stranger to being on the brink of peeing uncontrollably into her panties, but felt more desperate now than she could ever remember being before. Like a squirmy little worm, she wriggled and writhed, digging her fingers into the tops of her bare legs as she rode another wave of torturous desperation. Squeezing her eyes shut and bending forward, her bladder pushed and contracted as her pelvic floor muscles trembled under the strain. Instinctively groping herself, she pushed the fabric of her khaki shorts and black microfiber knickers up into the folds of her womanhood, massaging and squishing her wee hole with her fingertips.

Oh God, it's right there, she thought. One false move and it would be spraying out in a heartbeat.

She held her breath and prayed fervently for the ordeal to be over.

Taking the exit, they left the motorway behind, the roads quickly becoming much more narrow and twisty as they started to near their destination.

As they followed the road signs for Dartmoor National Park, Megan had given up trying to sit like a normal adult. Instead, she was trying a variety of positions to help ease her body's overwhelming urge to start weeing, whether she was over a loo or not.

Perspiring profusely from the effort of holding on, she had come so close to springing a leak, and was on the brink yet again just moments after the last desperate urge. Plunging a trembling hand down the waistband of her completely unbuttoned shorts, she began to fervently knead the perfect folds of tingling skin between her legs through the thin fabric of her sheer black microfiber knickers, but even that didn’t feel sufficient now. Drawing her legs up and wrapping her free arm around her knees, she curled herself into a tight ball and gently began to rock back and forth like a little girl, her pee on the verge of spraying out and soaking her fingers and shorts.

"Can’t you manage without all that, Megan?” Sarah chided. “Seriously, sometimes I think even a little four year old girl would have better control of her bladder than you do."

As Sarah scolded her, Megan blushed bright red at that comment; it had triggered something deep within her that, along with her desperate state, only added to her arousal.

Riding the crest of a wave of desperation, Megan squeezed the muscles at the base of her bladder with all her strength, willing her urine to stay in for just a few more miles, just a few more minutes. With beads of sweat forming on her brow, she reached over and jabbed the button to lower the electric window, a blast of fresh country air sweeping her hair from her face.

“Oh no…” Megan started to moan, blushing beet red. “Please hurry, I don’t think I can…” but the sentence trailed off.

Trying to hide her embarrassment, she lowered her head in dismay, looking down in shame at what she feared might be about to happen. Panting shallowly, she watched as the muscles in her forearm rippled as her hand continued working at her pee’s only escape route. Rocking and jiggling voraciously, she fought against the most intense urge to release yet, imagining how blissful it would feel to just give up and wet herself.

Feeling her muscles quivering, she squirmed around in the leather seat, desperate to find a more comfortable position. Stretching out her right leg and resting her heel on the dashboard, she immediately knew she’d made a huge mistake. As a sharp ache shot through her full-to-bursting bladder, she redoubled the pressure her fingers were applying to her throbbing girlhood. 

Caught completely by surprise, she felt it begin happen but was powerless to prevent it. Suddenly squirting forcefully into the crotch of her black knickers, her lips tingled as a brief but audible hiss erupted from between her legs.

As the urine shot out from her desperate body, it immediately soaked into her knickers before spraying through them, the thin fabric unable to absorb the sudden surge. With pee cascading around her fingers, she sat bolt upright and clenched tightly, holding her breath and grimacing as the flow began to taper off, stopping completely after a second or two. Feeling it dribble down between her cheeks, she shuddered violently, another trickle breaking free before she managed to clamp it off completely.

“Oh God, you need to get us there, right now,” Megan whimpered, tears in her eyes at the prospect of facing her work colleagues with wet shorts.

Obligingly, Sarah squeezed the accelerator as Megan inspected the damage, still on the verge of an unmitigated accident. Willing to try any position to prevent any more leaks, she drew both legs up and twisted herself so she could rest her heels on the frame of the window. Finding it surprisingly comfortable, she extended her legs so her feet were poking through the opening, almost brushing against the dense hedgerow that was racing past just inches from the wing mirror. With the cool breeze blowing up her legs, the wet patch on her shorts quickly started to feel cold and icky against her skin.

Having seemingly left all traces of civilisation behind them, the tight narrow roads opened up into an undulating desolate landscape. The high peak of one of the moors many tors loomed large in the distance, partially shrouded in a veil of light swirling mist. In constant motion, Megan wriggled as the car slowed to make a hairpin turn, the engine humming as Sarah shifted down a gear before accelerating out of the corner.

Nestled between a pair of rolling hills, their boss’s vast estate finally came into view. Trying to make herself look less conspicuous, Megan reluctantly drew her legs back inside the car. Feeling instantly on the brink of soaking her shorts again, she continued her one-handed massage of her pee hole and squirmed furiously.

Meanwhile, Sarah marveled at the estate; it was just like something out of one of those old movies she enjoyed watching with Megan. The long, winding road from the gate to the main house was lined with tall trees taking them past immaculately trimmed lawns and lush, colourful gardens before leading to a large ochre yellow stone mansion with a light grey crushed stone semi-circular driveway in front, where a number of vintage automobiles from the 1940's were parked.

However, a small sign directed them to keep going around to the back, where they could see several cars of modern manufacture.

As they drove around to the side, Megan could just make out the shape of what appeared to be a huge swimming pool out back inside of a glass pool house structure, unfortunately... she really didn't want to be thinking about water at the moment.

Sarah, on the other hand, was more interested in the wrecked vintage car being loaded carefully onto a trailer by a rather handsome young man wearing a navy blue coverall and cap, a pair of goggles dangling from a worn oxblood coloured leather strap around his neck. His brown hair was a bit long to fit entirely under his cap, and he had a thin moustache adorning his upper lip, giving him a strong resemblance to the gypsy swing guitarist Django Reinhardt.

As Sarah pulled her Mercedes sedan up next to the trailer and rolled down her window, she could see that the car was a 1940 Coachcraft Roadster; or rather, it had been once, before being contorted into the still-smoking pile of twisted steel being winched lovingly onto the trailer by the young man as he stood there shaking his head and muttering.

"Ruined... 'ee keeled you, ma cherie, 'ee keeled you... quel salaud."

"Oh, my goodness, was someone killed in the accident?" Megan asked anxiously as she got out of the car, still slightly spasming and totally desperate for a wee now that she was finally standing upright.

She didn't believe it was possible, but the need had actually grown even more urgent now that they had arrived at their destination, and she could think of nothing except relieving her bulging, filled to bursting bladder. Megan really didn't know how much longer she could hang on; she had just about reached the absolute limits of her capabilities, but she simply couldn't wet herself, not here, not now.

Megan prayed for a miracle, but none seemed to be forthcoming, so she merely gritted her teeth, clenched her pc muscles as tight as she could, and clamped her long thighs together, hoping all the while she wasn't being too obvious.

"Oh, pardon me, Madame," the young man said. "I was only talking to myself. Ze driver ees alright... ze car, par contre... mon Dieu, quel gachis."

A tall, thin, elegant woman wearing a classic charcoal grey Chanel suit suddenly emerged from the pool house, and spoke to the man loading the car onto the trailer.

"Renchin, I see that Lord Daghly has managed to destroy yet another expensive automobile. And how did he himself fare, might I be so bold as to inquire?"

"Madame Daghly, 'ees Lordship 'as only a few scratches-"

"A pity, that," the perfectly made up and coiffed woman interrupted, with a toss of her thick, wavy platinum blonde tresses. Her tone seemed quite cold to Sarah, and it was unclear whether she was referring to her husband's injuries or their minor nature.

Then, as if noticing Megan and Sarah for the first time, she said, "Oh, wonderful. More guests have arrived, it seems. Renchin, would you please let Cervin know?"

Turning to the girls, Lady Daghly gave them a good looking over, taking in poor Megan's squirming, disheveled, and desperate state at a glance. Meanwhile, Megan tried to hide the rather large wet spot on the seat of her shorts, but to no avail.

"Tell him he'd best come quickly," she added, looking back at the man she called Renchin with an amused smile now showing at the corners of her thin-lipped mouth as he headed towards the manor at a trot.

Then she turned to the girls in front of the silver Mercedes sedan once more.

"Good evening, ladies, and welcome to our home. I am Lady Daghly, and you must be Ms. Morgan and Ms. Parker." Lady Daghly continued on, "Our butler, Cervin, will be with you momentarily to see to your things and escort you to your rooms."

She smiled at Megan, saying, "Don't worry, he shan't be long in arriving. You must excuse me; I have some details to attend to pertaining to our supper, but I will certainly see you then. "

She turned sharply on her heels and rapidly headed back in the direction of the large manor house.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*002*2013-11-23 23:57

The honour and privilege are all mine...

Thank you for allowing me to do this, orango !

<3 to you, too !

*008*2013-11-30 03:52

{{:

When can a sequel be expected. I must know what happens. This is written quite eloquently. I wish I could have actually seen her struggling in her seat and seen tears running down her face as she let out a small stream.

}}

Thanks ! If all goes well, we should have another chapter up at some point over the weekend !

{{:

Cool I like it so far can't wait for the mystery parts

}}

Don't worry, SciFi Girl... the mystery parts will be forthcoming... eventually.

*009*2013-11-30 12:48

As promised, here's the next chapter of desperation, posted while desperate, and desperately hoping that you will enjoy it !

CHAPTER 2

WET AND MILD

Although it had felt like an eternity to Megan, it was actually only a few minutes until a tall, stately gentleman's gentleman appeared, wearing a rather old-fashioned outfit; medium grey chalk-striped trousers and a black cutaway jacket over a starched white shirt and dark grey waistcoat, with a silk cravat adorning his neck. His immaculately polished black shoes were covered partially by a set of light grey spats with onyx buttons.

“I am Cervin, Madam,” he said, inclining his head first to Megan and then to Sarah as he said, “Madam... please be so kind as to open the boot, and I will take your things and escort you to your rooms.”

As Sarah pressed a button on the key fob, the boot clicked and swung open automatically. Keeping a close eye on Megan, she saw her give a little shudder before curtseying and drawing a sharp breath through clenched teeth.

Wondering if she’d just leaked, Sarah smiled to herself and exhaled, mesmerised by the less than subtle show that she was being compelled to perform. No one else on Earth could ever match up to her, Sarah mused, losing herself momentarily in the overwhelming beauty of her loved one.

Meanwhile, a distressed and utterly bursting Megan glanced around, flitting her eyes this way and that, desperately searching for any sign of a bathroom.

As Cervin walked slowly past and began to retrieve their travel bags from the boot, she turned herself towards him in an attempt to hide the wet patch on the back of her shorts. Blushing, she felt her face flush with heat as another small trickle of wee left her panic-stricken body, oozing into her knickers and warming her crotch. Catching Sarah’s gaze she widened her eyes, sending a silent SOS signal as she twisted her legs together.

Bending over at the waist, she pressed her pert bottom up against the side of the car to steady herself, vehemently grinding together the tops of her thighs as she wriggled on the spot. Struggling to resist the temptation to give her wee hole an urgently needed squeeze, she chose instead to dig her sharp fingernails into the sides of her legs, panting softly, each inhalation of breath sweet torture to her. She knew from experience that once she had reached the stage of nearly constant leaking, it wouldn't be much longer before she would be overwhelmed by her now almost irresistable urgent need; the only question now was would she manage to find a bathroom in time, or wouldn't she?

Oh God, there must be somewhere, anywhere! It’s all about to come out! Megan screamed to herself in the privacy of her own head. The image of the swimming pool she’d seen on the drive in flashed into her mind, and she contemplated sprinting for it and just diving in, at least then no one would see her completely embarrass herself. Just as the rather absurd thought began to seem a very viable option, she heard the trunk slam shut. Quickly standing up as straight as the bulging balloon of urine in her abdomen would allow, she untwisted her legs and tried to look casual, but failed spectacularly.

“If you would be so kind as to follow me,” Cervin said quietly as he motioned towards the house, taking in Megan’s disheveled demeanour, moist brow and anxious expression at a glance.

How odd, he thought to himself, before hesitating and turning towards her. The poor girl seems badly in need of a little relief... I wonder how long she's been obliged to hold it for ?

“Pardon me for asking Madam, but are you feeling quite alright?” he said, feigned sympathy oozing from his tone.

Standing with her legs uncrossed was proving to be her biggest challenge yet, and she was feeling exposed and vulnerable at the sudden loss of external pressure on her wet, trembling nether regions. Feeling yet another trickle of warmth make its way into the thin cotton lining of her panties, she shuddered, a crushing sense of embarrassment preventing her from replying.

Detecting an awkward situation developing as the seconds ticked on, Sarah interjected.

“She’s fine, it’s just been a long journey,” she said, shooting Megan a cheerful smile.

Megan glared back at her, her smouldering green eyes meeting Sarah’s as they exchanged a look which spoke thousands of words, some of them not very ladylike, either.

The two girls gazed into each other’s eyes for a little while longer than appropriate while in polite company, and Cervin dutifully trundled off with their luggage, his keen sense of observation and decorum telling him it was probably best to leave them to it.

"Please be so good as to follow me," he said, without so much as a glance back at them.

“Just two more minutes, hold on for me, OK?” Sarah whispered once Cervin was out of earshot, knowing even then that another two minutes was probably well beyond her lovely Megan’s capabilities.

Megan’s lustful gaze turned into a frown, followed quickly by a look of utter despair as her bladder throbbed against her failing sphincter. Providing just a second of reassurance, Sarah took her hand and squeezed it tightly before letting go, beckoning her to follow as she began to talk away. With Cervin’s back to her, she finally dared a tight grab of her crotch, needing a moment to compose herself before attempting to follow behind. Feeling her shorts damp against her skin, her privates tingled then spasmed as she squeezed, urine transferring to her fingers as she toyed with herself.

Why does it always feel so good to be in this predicament? she wondered.

Gently pushing herself from the car with her bum, she trotted after Sarah, not daring to take anything more than the tiniest of steps. But even with tiny steps, she was incapable of stopping another small squirt of pee bursting past her fatigued muscles. Erupting from her urethra, it sprayed briefly from between her lips, soaking through the already saturated material of her knickers and shorts. Several small rivulets of wee started a rapid descent down the inside of her thighs, and as the half second stream stopped as abruptly as it had started, she wiped away the evidence with a trembling hand.

With Cervin leading the way, they walked through a grand entryway and found themselves in a large hall, a majestic sweeping staircase rising from the centre of the room and dividing into two, one side serving the east wing of the enormous residence, the other the west. With Megan bringing up the rear and the last to walk, or rather squirm, across the threshold, she immediately scanned the room in a blind panic, desperate to find somewhere to release. A toilet, a sink, a plant pot, Sarah’s mouth, anywhere would be perfect as long as it wasn’t into her shorts right where she was standing. With an acute sense of embarrassment now the only thing preventing her from losing the very tenuous grip on her PC muscles, she panted erratically, trying desperately to hold in the wee for a few more moments.

Only just resisting the urge to break down in tears, she wriggled as she walked, her whole world centred on her quivering pulsating pee hole, and the strangely blissful feeling of her aching bladder.

Even though the trio immediately began to ascend the staircase which led to the west wing of the manor, they were moving far too slowly for Megan’s liking. With the stinging ache surging through her bladder, it coursed downwards on every footstep, her now relentlessly dribbling womanhood tingling in anticipation of her release; a release that would very soon be involuntary, and would see all of her pent-up hot urine shooting out explosively from between her legs in the very near future, no matter whether she was able to find the loo or not.

Come on, pleeeeease! I need a wee NOW!

The thought was incessant, blanking out all else from her mind.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*014*2013-12-01 18:07

{{:

This was a really hot chapter and I enjoyed it just as much as the first.

"A toilet, a sink, a plant pot, Sarah’s mouth, anywhere would be perfect as long as it wasn’t into her shorts right where she was standing. "

After reading this sentence, I actually am hoping that Sarah's mouth is where Megan's pee is going to go, but I highly doubt she'll be able to hold it in long enough for the two of them to get the privacy they would need for that.

}}

We do aim to please... be patient, you may yet be rewarded...

*015*2013-12-06 08:02

Stay tuned for the next exciting episode of HARD BOILED LEGS, coming soon !

*017*2013-12-07 13:32

Well, the wait is over... we've got another bit of the story ready, so here we go:

CHAPTER 3:

PRELUDE TO A HISS

Megan trudged along behind Sarah and the butler; step by step, she gradually became intensely aware of her sodden knickers rubbing against her nether lips. As she climbed the stairs, that sensation was now intensifying the strange euphoric arousal she was feeling. Not knowing whether she was about to pee or have one of the most incredible orgasms of her life, she felt her intimate girly region throbbing and contracting as she struggled on.

As they reached the top of the staircase, Sarah looked around and took in the grandeur of their surroundings. From this vantage point, she counted at least a dozen sets of mostly closed doors leading from this one room alone.

How easy it would be to get lost in this place, she mused. Lavish furnishings adorned the vast expanse of the grand entrance hall, and various pieces of expensive looking artwork were on display as well.

One piece in particular caught her attention, a sort of open bowl shape in smooth white plaster with a bright blue centre, traversed radially by several strands of string. The piece stood on a pedestal directly in front of her, with a plaque that read ‘ Sculpture with Colour. Hepworth, 1940.’ It seemed as if a single abstracted piercing blue eye with what appeared to be long blonde eyelashes across it, was staring back up at her own. It held her gaze for a moment before she was able to look away, and her eyes came to rest on a very flushed and squirmy looking Megan, who was presently pee dancing furiously on the spot.

“Just one more minute, hold on, sweetie,” Sarah mouthed silently as she noticed a series of wet streaks on the inside of Megan’s thighs, and a rather large wet patch between her legs.

I’m trying my best, but I’m not a bloody camel! It has to come out eventually, it always does! Megan thought, but knew better than to say it. The irony was that with her bladder bulging from her abdomen in such dramatic style, it shared many of the characteristics of a camel's hump, not least the vast amount of fluid being held tentatively just beneath the surface.

As they started to proceed down a seemingly endless corridor, a crestfallen Megan felt her face burning with embarrassment as she shuffled dutifully behind, fresh beads of pee dribbling again down the insides of her legs. Visibly bending forwards, she suddenly and without warning felt another much longer jet of burning hot urine burst from her girlhood, spraying into her panties and warming her crotch. Stopping in her tracks she crammed both hands between her legs, double crossing them and tightly gripping her leaking pee hole, doing everything in her power to stop the flow. As she heard a sound akin to a gentle patter of water droplets hitting the ground, she clenched her muscles firmly, but only managed to regain partial control. With a series of rapid squirts following, it spluttered out, stopping and starting as she desperately fought to hold it all inside her for just a few more seconds.

Knowing she had to get to a bathroom right this instant, she braved asking the question with a meek voice, something she knew Sarah would no doubt be extremely annoyed about.

“Oh … Erm … I’m really sorry, but … oooh … you don’t happen to have a loo nearby that I could use?” Megan finally stuttered.

But it was clearly too late for that now.

CHAPTER 4:

A RIVER RUNS THROUGH HER

As Sarah and Cervin both stopped to turn around, neither of them had the chance to respond before a continuous muffled hissing sound filled the airwaves.

Sarah tried not to smile as she witnessed something she had come to live for, her ultimate fantasy and greatest turn on right in front of her eyes.

It took Cervin a moment to realise the sound was emanating from inside Megan’s shorts, and he was briefly struck speechless as he realized that the lovely young woman in front of him was now peeing violently into her knickers.

Megan could feel her trembling pink labia parting under the force of the stream, her body finally having completely succumbed to its desperate needs. As the urine squirted out, stopping and starting again briefly as she fought valiantly to hold the rest in, the sweet fragrance of feminine juices slowly filled the air. With the unmistakable aroma of hot fresh wee being imparted into the hallway, and then to the noses of her captivated audience, this was still only the start of her humiliation.

With what felt like an entire reservoir still inside her, she felt the hot liquid fill every available space inside her knickers and shorts and spread up around her bottom before pouring down the inside of her legs, flooding into her boots and cascading to the carpeted floor of the hallway.

Resigning herself to her fate, she was now powerless to do anything but relax her muscles totally, allowing the highly pressurised pee to surge from her body unrelentingly. Standing with her legs slightly apart, she bent over a little further and placed her hands on her knees, steadying herself as her legs wobbled, feeling as if they were about to buckle beneath her.

Ten seconds … she was in ecstasy, and everything else around her had faded into irrelevance. She was focused completely on her body, on how she was feeling, on the pee that felt scorching hot and strangely very arousing against her skin. She watched the puddle forming around her feet, and the steam rising from the river as it cascaded down her legs. She closed her eyes, focusing on her bladder as it spasmed and contracted, desperate to empty as quickly as possible. Overwhelmed with emotion, her face flushed a crimson red as intensely exquisite sensations started building within her highly sensitive and excited sex. Just then, a tear began to roll down her cheek as the crushing embarrassment of the situation suddenly hit her.

Fifteen seconds … still weeing forcefully and unstoppably, her bladder was yet to feel anything in the way of relief. She could picture in her mind their expressions of shock and pity as they watched her, but she dared not open her eyes to confirm the fact. She trembled and her knees felt weak, but another more pressing worry was suddenly in the forefront of her mind. The vibrations of the vigorous and powerful jet as it erupted from her lips felt heavenly, and her complete arousal exhibited itself as a tingling pleasure, a precursor to a full blown orgasm that she knew she had to avoid.

OMG, she just couldn’t allow herself to come; wetting herself was mortifying enough, if she orgasmed now she would be sure to collapse in a quivering wreck onto the floor, and right into her puddle. Feeling her legs start to give way, she crouched down before she fell down, and covered her face with her hands. The hissing seemed louder now she was in a squatting position, but there was nothing she could do about that.

Twenty seconds … with sopping knickers clinging to her sporadically pulsating and ever spurting vulva, the stream was still massaging her in the most pleasurable way imaginable. The warmth between her legs, the feeling of relief, the vibrations of the pee jetting from and against her womanhood and through her knickers, the oddly erotic public nature of her accident; they were all combining and about to blow her mind. She felt herself melting as gentle throbs of pleasure pulsed up from her girly parts and into her still incredibly tight and aching bladder. Knowing Sarah would be furious if she let the pleasure take hold, she desperately held back, relaxing her muscles as much as she could, but teetering on the brink of orgasm regardless. Panting through clenched teeth, she grimaced as she battled yet another of her body’s desires. Oh, it felt so good; it wouldn’t hurt to just let it go and orgasm just this once, would it?

She could say it was an accident and that she couldn’t hold it back. She thought about the various forms of ‘punishment’ she might receive from Sarah if she let it happen, but that just fueled her arousal all the more.

Just as she had all but decided to let herself fall into the depths of a wonderful and blissful climax, she felt a tender arm drape around her shoulders. Startling her out of the trance, she looked around and straight into Sarah’s eyes, still weeing into her knickers like a little girl. She knew that Sarah knew that she wanted to come, she always knew everything, there was never any hiding anything from her. As a couple of more powerful pulses of pleasure shot through her body, she tipped almost over the edge, but caught herself just in time, only just about keeping the full force of a thundering orgasm at bay.

Thirty seconds … somehow she had managed to avert a complete disaster and avoid toppling past that point of no return, and finally the stream was becoming slightly less forceful. With teary eyes, she looked down and was amazed by the sheer vastness of the puddle beneath her feet, and it was still expanding. Sobbing softly, watching the pee as it now shot straight through the crotch of her saturated shorts, she remembered the green tea lemonade she’d had in the car and cursed silently to herself.

Well, it's my own fault, darn it!

With her clitoris still tingling, demanding her urgent attention, the waves of pleasure began to recede as the stream slowed just a little more. Oh, how she longed to be touched down there now; it was agony holding it back…

Forty seconds, and even longer still, the loud hissing went on for what felt like forever to Megan, before finally quieting down. Crouching there in shame at the end of it all, the insatiable aching pressure had finally relented and the torrential hissing had finally petered out. A few moments later, there was just a slow dribble as her bladder squeezed out its last remaining contents. Turning her face into Sarah's arms she began to sob again, partly from shame, but mostly because she was now feeling so extremely aroused and pent up.

Suddenly snapping out of his trance, Cervin somehow managed to compose himself.

"Oh, my word! Are you quite alright, Madam?" the butler said with a concerned look on his face.

Poor Megan was now squatting in the middle of a surprisingly large man (or was that woman?) made lake of pee, so much of it that the carpet was shimmering where it simply couldn’t absorb the sheer volume of liquid.

"I'm... I'm so sorry..." she stammered, as her face burned beet red.

Sarah just laughed softly and said, "Don't worry, this happens to her quite often. No reason for concern; she'll be okay."

"If you say so, Madam, then I must believe you, for you know her better than I."

Cervin blushed a bit as he said this, looking away from Megan discreetly as she continued to crouch down on unsteady legs, her soaked cargo shorts still dripping down into the puddle beneath her.

"Pardon me, but I must fetch our little Erica to clean up now. She will be here in but a brief moment; I must regretfully ask you to remain where you are until she arrives, please, Madam."

The butler inclined his head, then withdrew. Helping Megan to her feet, Sarah held her tightly and steadied her.

"Why do I have to stay here?" Megan whined as petulantly as any little girl who had just wet herself in public might. She was mortified at the thought that someone besides Sarah would see her in her present condition.

"I guess he didn't want you tracking pee all over the hallway," Sarah replied, laughing.

"Don't worry, I'll stay right here with you, sweetie."

Very soon a small girl with reddish brown hair and oval horn rimmed glasses perched on her tiny upturned nose appeared, wearing a rather revealing French Maid's outfit. A pair of sheer black stockings secured to a lacy garter belt peeked out from under her short black silk skirt and flouncy crinoline petticoats, and she wore uncharacteristically stylish high heeled shoes on her tiny feet. The scooped neckline of her tight black silk top was edged in delicate white lace, framing her small breasts, between which a small silver cross dangled from a thin silver chain. She wore a beautiful pointelle linen apron over her ensemble, and a tiny cap of the same fabric on her head.

The pretty little maid was holding a tin bucket full of hot water in one of her pink rubber gloved hands and a large sponge in the other. In the crook of her left elbow was a bottle of Murphy's Oil Soap and a small towel was draped over her right forearm.

"Hullo, Ma'am, I'm Erica," the maid said cheerfully. "Where's this mess I'm supposed to clean up then?"

Megan was quite embarrassed as she pointed down wordlessly towards her feet, but little Erica comforted her as she knelt down with her bucket and sponge to clean up the puddle, revealing just a bit of her black silk panties as she did. Megan's eyes instinctively fixated on them, and she briefly fantasised about what lay beneath the sleek material. Blushing an even deeper shade of red, Megan rather quickly averted her gaze; she knew she might literally never be allowed to pee again if Sarah caught her staring at Erica's pretty panties.

"Never you mind, Ma'am. The same's happened to me, and more than once, I can tell you." Erica spoke softly in her distinctively accented voice. "In fact, I'll wager there's not a man or woman alive what hasn't had a wee accident now and again," she said, giggling to herself at the intentional pun.

"I'm quite sure you're right, Erica," Sarah said, smiling. "Where are you from, if you don't mind my asking? It wouldn't be Essex, by any chance?"

"Yes, Ma'am, it would. I'm from Chelmsford, and you can't get much more Essex than that, really."

As she spoke, the small girl busied herself sopping up hapless Megan's puddle and then thoroughly scrubbing the carpet with her oil soap soaked sponge before placing it rather carefully back into the tin bucket. With the towel, she dried the carpet as best she could and then without looking up, proceeded to wipe Megan's boots dry as well, handling her as one might a thoroughbred mare. Then she peeled off her rubber gloves, and laid them and the towel over the side of the bucket very carefully as well.

"Will Cervin be returning to show us to our rooms?" Sarah asked Erica.

"Cervin is seeing to the next guest, Ma'am; he asked me to show you to your assigned rooms, Ma'am," she chirped brightly as she stood up.

Sarah instinctively reached for her travel bag, but the little maid stopped her.

"I'll take those, Ma'am; don't you worry, I'm stronger than I look," she said, easily lifting both of their travel bags with one hand. "Would you please be so kind as to follow me?"

Megan was still too embarrassed to say anything at all; the best she could manage was a mute nod in the affirmative as Erica effortlessly carried their bags just a short distance down the hall before setting them down between two adjacent doorways.

"This one's yours, Ma'am," she said, addressing Megan. She turned the handle and gave the door a gentle push to open it; however, the door wouldn't open.

"Perhaps it's locked?" Sarah said.

"Oh, no, Ma'am, not locked at all; none of the inside doors are ever locked, Ma'am. I think it's just stuck... would you allow me, Ma'am?"

Erica then twisted the doorknob firmly, and with a hard shove she pushed the door open.

"There you go, Ma'am. It's an old house, it is, Ma'am, and we often encounter a stuck door here and there."

Erica paused before the next door in the hallway and spoke to Sarah as she opened it.

"This is your room, Ma'am," the small girl said before adding, "There's a connecting door between these two, I seem to remember."

She sounded as if she was musing to herself, but then a sly glance she gave towards Megan gave Sarah reason to believe that the young girl had guessed correctly as to the nature of their relationship.

"His Lordship requests that during your time here, you please wear the clothes he has provided for you in the wardrobes of your rooms. He hopes that they will fit properly, and that they will be to your liking."

The little chambermaid smiled as she said this, placing Megan's bag on the floor next to the large wardrobe she had just mentioned. She carried Sarah's bag through the connecting door, and left it open behind her as she put that bag down next to the matching wardrobe closet in the adjoining room.

"Begging your pardon now, but I must be off, Ma'am. Much to do, much to do," she said, pushing her spectacles back up from the end of her little button nose where they had slid while she was on her knees. She gave a small curtsey, picked up the bucket with the towel and gloves and the bottle of oil soap, and was quickly on her way back downstairs, happily humming a little tune to herself.

"Well, you needed to change anyhow," Sarah laughed, looking at sweet Megan standing there sheepishly, her khaki cargo shorts still dripping ever so slightly.

"Come on, let's see what we're supposed to wear to supper."

(TO BE CONTINUED)

That's right, you got a two-fer this time, because our dear Megan had too much pee in her to be contained by either her poor bursting bladder, or a single story entry !

*024*2013-12-08 16:52

Wecome back, Fire Ninja, and thank you for your kind words of praise and encouragement.

I know i can speak for orango as well as for myself when i say that we will continue to endeavour to be worthy !

