Maria all tied up

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-08-12 12:37

Here is a story from GTA 3, the idea was by a user named LifeIsStrange! I hope you and everyone else enjoy this! Sorry if this story is a bit messy as I'm unaware of GTA's plot, so some of this may be made up! Oh and BIG smut warning for this one, especially a bit of BDSM. If this isn't your thing, I'd suggest skipping entirely!

Claude ran into the scummy looking building, not wanting anyone to wait any longer than they already were. He walked through the doorway to a smiling Asuka, relaxing in an adirondack chair.

"It's my handsome handyman! Maria's all tied up at the moment but I'll tell her you called." She said, a smirk spread across her face. With his head tilted to the side, Claude opened his mouth to respond.

"Who's that, Asuka? I know I've been a naughty girl but I really need to pee!" Maria shouted from another room, Claude's eyes widening from the explicit nature from it.

"Okay, it's time you met our man inside the LPD..."

With Claude on his way to the mission she gave him, Asuka rose from the chair, walking slowly to the other room. When she peeked her head around, she could see Maria in the seat with the rope tied around her torso and the chair, her arms tied to the chair arms, too. Maria's legs fanned in and out, her thighs squeezing together as her legs came back together. Her face contorted as she bounced her bum up and down in the chair, her vaginal muscles squeezing as hard as they could.

"You alright, baby? Need to go potty?" Asuka smirked, a dash of snark in her voice.

"Y-yes! I'm burstin', please!" Maria whined.

"You know why you're here?" Asuka paced around the room slowly. "Your mans, Claude, gotta do this mission. This money needs to get to this guy and he's the best for it. So you an' I...we're gonna spend some time together, okay?" Maria gulped as Asuka sat on her lap, looking her up and down.

"U-um..." Maria mumbled, her eyes darting around.

"Man, you really gotta pee, don't ya?" Asuka laughed, poking at Maria's bladder. She let out a desperate moan, before kicking her feet really quickly, rubbing her thighs together to press her pussy lips together, stopping any potential leaks from rolling out of her. She constantly bounced in the chair, her eyes wired shut to focus on her bladder. She really didn't want to wet herself, they were her only change of clothes. With no warning, Asuka began pulling down Maria's tights and leapord skirt, her face infront of her crotch. She revealed a slutty red thong squished between Maria's thighs, spreading them apart to see her pussy better.

"Not leavin' much to the imagination, are ya?" Asuka smirked some more, pulling the thong off entirely, which resulted in a surprised moan from Maria. A singular drop of piss escaped her vulva, rolling onto the plastic chair. Maria bounced and squirmed in the seat, her ass creating a slapping sound that echoed around the room. A few oohs and ahhs escaped her mouth as pee pushed against Maria's urethra.

"Cmon, I needa wee! I'm gonna bur- O-oh!" Before Maria could finish her sentence, Asuka placed her tongue on Maria's vulva, slowly licking around her clit and vagina. Maria squirmed more, her hips moving from side to side, her hands running through Asuka's hair as she tried pulling her away. Asuka placed a hand on Maria's thigh, spreading her leg some more as she picked up the pace. A moan left Maria's mouth as pleasure took over her entire body, her piss still sloshing around in her bladder, begging for a release. As Maria felt her pleasure build to a climax, Asuka retracted her mouth from Maria's fanny, a finger in place of her tongue. As it curled up towards Maria's g spot, her desperation only got worse, the piss practically pushing its way out. A few more drops of pee escaped, this time rolling onto Asuka's fingers. Maria bounced extra quickly, her thighs squeezing together as Asuka backed away.

"I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to. I-I told you I needed to pee!" Maria cried out. Asuka only smirked more, slowly walking behind Maria. She untied Maria as slowly as she could, taking in her half naked frame shaking and squirming around in the seat. Before long, Maria was completely untied and Asuka led her along to the other room, throwing her onto the adirondack chair she sat on before. More fingerings led to Maria being completely naked, as was Asuka. The cold hit Maria and her hands swung down to her crotch, squeezing her pussy lips together to stop any more pee from leaking out. Her legs fanned in and out repeatedly and quickly, more moans and quiet whimpers leaving her mouth. Asuka brought Maria on top of her whilst lying on the chair, slowly grinding her naked pussy on Maria's. Both let out moans in unison, pleasure taking over.

"Shit, baby, you got it." Asuka growled, picking up the pace. Maria, on the other hand, felt impatient, as her bladder was almost about to give way. With her pussy pressing against Asuka's, she didn't have much freedom but to press the tips of her fingers on her clit, her vaginal muscles clenched as hard as they could. Every now and again, Maria would stop grinding to press her thighs together and grip her pussy anytime pee was about to stream out of her.

"Asuka...please? I'm gonna pee all over you if you don't let me just pop a squat in the corner." Maria whined, bouncing her ass up and down in a squat position above Asuka. Her hands still attached to her pussy were slowly removed by Asuka, making her thighs instantly squishing together. This was it. Nothing could help this time.

As Asuka began grinding her pussy on Maria's some more, pee began rolling out of her, resulting in more muscles clenches and thigh squeezing. Maria whimpered and moaned as she leaked uncontrollably, her pee rolling onto Asuka's bare pussy. Asuka could only let out a giggle from the piss tickling her pussy lips.

"O-oh no, oh God!" With no warning, Maria's bladder gave way on top of Asuka, hissing out quickly. Maria scrambled off of Asuka with her pee stream still squirting out of her, standing away from Asuka. Her piss continued spraying on the floor, a pitter patter on the concrete echoing around the room. Suddenly, to Maria's surprise, Asuka picked her up whilst her stream continued and plopped her onto the seat, her legs held back.

"Mmm, that's hot as fuck, baby." Asuka growled, her hand rubbing Maria's pussy quickly as the piss squirted everywhere, uncontrollably. Loud moans left Maria, her back arching from the pleasure of her bladder's release and Asuka's touch. As her stream ended, her climax began, cum dripping from her vagina. Heavy breaths left Maria's mouth as did Asuka from all of the work she put into giving Maria pleasure.

"S-shit. Why did you do that?!" Maria whined some more, giggling with Asuka.

"I found it hot, I can't lie." Asuka winked. Suddenly, Maria placed a finger on Asuka's vulva, slowly sliding it up between her flaps. She let out a hitched moan as Maria's touch left her in shock. The slow pace left Asuka wanting more, so her hand began guiding Maria's, towards and into her vagina.

"You like that?" Maria asked, Asuka letting out a groan and an "mmm". Before long, Maria was on top of Asuka once again, their vaginas colliding and rubbing together in unison, moans leaving their mouths in pleasure. The wetness of their vulvas under each other, creating a slippery surface in which they used to only pleasure each other more. As both of them picked up their pace, their climaxes right around the corner.

More moans.

More creaks from the chair underneath.

Joyful screams and moans as they reached their climaxes together, sighing and heavily breathing. Maria faux collapsed on Asuka, giggling and laughing as he rested her head on her shoulder.

"What the fuck."

Claude stood in the doorway, his hand covering his eyes.

Yeah...they probably should've taken that to the other room.

*002*2023-08-12 16:04

{{20 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Pretty good! I'd for Asuka to wet herself in part 2.

}}

Stay tuned! 😉

