Daniel and Amy - Page 20

Author: Barry

*478*2016-09-15 22:49

{{4 hours ago, Sylveon54 said:

This is brilliant totally adorable.

}}

{{4 hours ago, Sylveon54 said:

This is brilliant totally adorable.

}}

Thank you. Glad you're enjoying it!

*481*2016-09-20 13:41

Chapter 36:

"Want your didee checked as well, Little Danny?" Amy said with a grin.

"Only if I can check yours first," came the reply.

"Toldya before Catholic boy, later....."

"Get a room you two!" Nikki interjected, and they all laughed.

By now, after all of their cleaning up and getting changed had been completed, and they had taken another break for drinks and cigarettes, almost an hour had passed since their wet game of Twister had finished. While this wasn't enough time to allow any of them, even Amy, the chance to become genuinely desperate, the massive amounts of liquid they had been consuming was continuing to work its way through their young bodies, not to mention their faulty bladders, and now that they had 'broken the seal', all three of them could feel the same faulty bladders starting to fill up again already.

"I reckon I could just about pee again right now, if I tried to." Amy commented.

Nikki agreed. "I know whatcha mean. I don't know how you guys can drink like this! I'm struggling to keep up with you, and now I've peed once, I'm gonna need to go every five minutes! Well, I guess that's an exaggeration, but you know what I mean!"

"I do for sure," Dan said, "after I have the first one, I just can't stop going all the time. I'm glad we've gone back to diapers now, cause I wouldn't be game to go too far without one anymore."

Amy ran a critical eye over the area, declaring that they had done a great job of hiding any incriminating evidence. She grabbed her purse and the tin of butts, and they headed to the shops, disposing of the tin in the trash can in the park.

"So, what's the plan guys? What're we having for lunch, and what's our plan of attack for wetting ourselves?"

"I'd like a burger." Dan said. "And I think it'd be kinda cool to be like super desperate standing around waiting for it to cook."

Amy agreed at once. "That's a great idea Danny boy! How about we all go in seperately, like one at a time a few minutes apart, and all order burgers? That way, they'll have to cook them separately, and it'll take a lot longer! We can all just like pretend that we don't know each other, and have just bumped into each other there, and it'll give us an excuse to hang around while everyone's burgers are being cooked. But the rule is, you gotta pee in your diaper while you're collecting your food!"

Dan agreed that sounded like an excellent, if somewhat daring plan, but Nikki was a bit on the quiet side however. When Amy pushed her for her opinion, she said it was a fantastic idea, but she didn't have much money.

"I was just gonna have a Mars Bar or something," she admitted.

Her two friends offered to buy her lunch, but at first she flatly refused, telling them that although she had been raised without much money, her mother had very strict views on accepting charity.

"It's not charity ya dork! It's just what friends do to help each other! Besides, it's all a part of our wetting plan, remember? I don't know about you, but this cold wind is really cutting into me, and I really do need to pee now. Even if I didn't want to wet on purpose, I guarantee that there's no way my diapers gonna be dry on the walk home. I'm getting close to having a real accident very soon."

"She's right Nikki. It's not charity, it's friendship. Amy and I will just kick in a few bucks each. Think of as being an integral part of our team plan! All of us ordering seperately, then having to wait around like all desperate together, it'll be fun!"

Although reluctantly, Nikki eventually agreed to let her friends pay for her lunch. Amy dug five dollars out of her purse, but when Dan reached for his wallet, he uttered a curse.

"Shit! My wallet was in my other jeans! I left in your bathroom when I got changed before. Can you cover me till we get back home?"

Unfortunately Amy couldn't. She only had enough for her own burger and the extra five she'd given Nikki, so not having any options, they had to trek back to Amys house for Dans wallet. It was twenty minutes later by the time they had gone back, retrieved it, then returned back to the same spot in the park where he had first noticed it had been missing.

That was twenty minutes spent in the cold, biting wind, with already full-ish bladders, with more being constantly filtered through them the whole time. By now, they were genuinely needing to go.

Amy was the most affected, and the most annoyed with Daniel as well.

"Jesus Dan. I know you didn't mean to leave it behind, but bloody hell! I really don't have to pretend anymore. I'm absolutely busting. I'm probably gonna wet myself before we even get to the stupid shop now!"

Dan was suitably ashamed of his mistake, and hated being chastised over it.

"I said I'm sorry babe. I didn't like do it on purpose you know. You were rushing us round, giving orders about cleaning up quickly and shit, and I got changed in a hurry. I almost left my wallet in my wet jeans as it was, but I put it down to get my nappy on, then left it there. Didn't do it on purpose ya know! If it makes you feel any better, I really need to go now as well."

"Don't argue guys." Nikki said, trying to play the role of peacemaker. "I'm absolutely bursting as well in this cold wind, and if I wasn't here welching money off you in the first place, we wouldn't have needed to go back anyway, so it's just as much my fault as anyone's."

They were now exiting the playground via the path, and Amy stopped suddenly, pressing her legs together and drawing in a sharp breath. She bobbed on the spot for a moment, before getting herself together enough to continue.

"Ohhh," she moaned with a sigh. "It's okay Danny, I'm not really upset, I'm just really busting for a piss now, that's all. I think I mighta just leaked a bit then, to tell you the truth. I was planning on like controlling it in the shop, like a pre-emptive strike, ya know? Standing still and doing a slow, controlled pee, but I'm way past that now! I'm really gonna wet myself big time very shortly, and I just don't wanna have a big flood, and overflow my nappy, that's all. I'm super glad I'm wearing a tape on and not a pull up, that's for sure!"

Once Amy was fairly sure that she had again regained sufficient control over her now throbbing bladder, they resumed their walk, pausing eventually just out of sight of the shops front door to discuss their tactics. By this time, Amy couldn't manage to comfortably stand still, and kept shifting her weight from one foot to the other.

"I'm gonna have to go first guys. I'm about to wet myself at any moment, so I don't really have a lot of choice. I'll order, then give it like two or three minutes, then Nikki goes in, then Danny last. Remember, you gotta try to pee your diaper while you're waiting to pay for your food, and we're not together, okay?"

Amy went in, giving a final grimace as she disappeared through the plastic curtain strips that hung in the doorway.

She approached the counter, taking measured steps. Being her local take-out that she had been shopping at for years, they knew her in there, but didn't know about her incontinence problem, and she really hoped to keep it that way. The plump, smiling woman behind the counter greeted her warmly.

"Good afternoon young Amy! How are you today, and what can I get you?"

"Hi Mrs. Cartwright. I'm good thanks! I think I might have a hamburger with the lot, but with..."

"No cheese or pickles," the smiling lady finished for her. "You could just say 'my usual burger' you know! I've been making them for you for long enough now!"

Amy had to laugh, which she thought had probably made her squirt, but she couldn't help it. Mrs. Cartwright was quite correct, it was the same burger she always ordered. The lack of cheese was due to her lactose intolerance, and the lack of pickle simply because she didn't like them. When Mrs. Cartwright turned around to start busying herself with the burger, Amy took the opportunity to pluck quickly at her crotch, sure that her her diaper now felt wet. She was at the overflow point, where her bladder was just going to keep leaking until the inevitable big accident occurred.

Meanwhile outside, Dan had noticed that Nikki had her ankles crossed, and had stuffed her hands into the pockets of her tight white jeans.

"You okay Nik? You're starting to look as bad as Amy!"

"I'm absolutely busting! But I can hold it for awhile yet, at least I think I can. But I'm kinda scared about leaking though! Are ya sure these things are that good?"

"Yeah, they are I s'pose. I just get a bit paranoid about using any diaper in public. But these tape ons are probably as good as they get." He lowered his voice, and leaned in closer. "You, ahh, do know that the outline is kinda like visible around your butt in those pants? But only if you look real close though," he added hastily.

She giggled, causing herself to hunch over slightly. "You shouldn't be looking at my butt that closely Danny! But anyway, to be honest, I really don't care that much. Just so long as I don't leak! That'll really show up in these pants!"

"Just remember, nice and slow Nik. As long as you don't just completely flood it in one big gush, you'll be fine." He checked the time on his phone, "It's time. Go for it!"

Nikki was excited but scared. She was about to deliberately piss herself around other people, in public, while wearing a diaper, for the first time. Well, not counting Amy and Danny anyway.

Sure, she'd had accidents before, and even accidentally wet her pull up at Adventure World, but all of her previous public wettings WERE accidents, and although the end result was the same, doing it on purpose, even in a nappy, bought on a whole new range of feelings. Even if she had of leaked at Adventure World, and actually got her pants wet, she could have virtually accepted any embarrassment simply because it had been an accident, and accidents happen. She knew that from experience. But deliberately wetting just somehow felt different. Even though she was no stranger to deliberately wetting herself in public, her version of public was usually very private.

She was always very careful about how, when, and where she did it, finding a quiet spot to discreetly empty her bladder under her school dress or her skirt, but always safely away from others, and never, ever while wearing pants. Now, wearing tight white jeans, and entering a shop with other people in it, and planning on emptying her bulging bladder in front of them, even in a diaper, required a different type of courage. But she was up for the challenge. Taking a deep breath, she entered the shop.

Nikki glanced around nervously, spotting Amy standing in front of the magazine rack, looking somehow distracted as she bounced on the balls of her feet. She glanced up as Nikki entered, but gave no sign of recognition, turning back to studying the magazines instead.

"Hello. What can I get you?"

Nikki jumped slightly at the mans deep voice, and felt a trickle of urine leak out. She was so nervous that it had really pushed her all the way to the brink. Briefly forgetting what she was going to order, she had to glance at the menu board, then pretended to study it, before finally making up her mind.

"May I have a cheeseburger please? With onions?" Nikki asked awkwardly.

"Sure can young lady. Be ready in about five minutes, okay?" He turned back to the lady working the grill, "Cheeseburger with onions Judy," he informed her, then went back to what he was doing previously, wiping the counter down.

Nikki thought that another leak may have escaped as she stood there, and thought that moving might be better than standing still, so she headed towards the drinks fridges, just for the sake of motion.

Danny entered a minute later. He too was getting desperate, but nowhere near as badly as his female companions. That was a good thing, as a controlled pre-emptive strike was way better than a complete loss of control. Glancing around, he saw Amy, legs jiggling, as she stared at no magazine in particular, and he wasn't sure if it was a trick of the light or not, but he thought she may be sweating. Nikki was standing in front of the fridge, legs crossed, counting her coins, probably trying to work out whether she could afford a drink or not. He would've been quite happy to give her some more money, but they weren't supposed to know each other. He decided that he would buy another large ice tea anyway, he knew Amys favourite flavour, and they could share it when they left.

The smiling man approached the counter. "Yes mate? What can I get you?"

"A Works Burger please, and five bucks worth of fries. I'll have a large ice tea as well thanks."

The man repeated the burger order to Mrs. Cartwright, who threw her hands in the air in mock exasperation, declaring, "What's with all the burgers at once? Did you put out a 'free burgers' sign again Tom?"

"Back to your cooking woman!" Tom declared, in a harsh but joking tone, and when she raised her spatula at him aggressively, he whimpered in mock terror, and hurried over to the deep fryers to cook Dans fries.

The three kids laughed mildly at the comic byplay between husband and wife, but didn't acknowledge each other at all. Dan turned his attention towards Amy, hoping to perhaps catch her eye, maybe slip her a secret wink, but when he saw her, she was no longer looking at magazines, but staring absently at the doorway, and he noticed something straight away.

Her thumb was in her mouth.

Dan knew exactly what that meant. She had lost the battle, and was wetting herself uncontrollably as she stood there. He hoped for her sake that her nappy did its job, and was thankful at least she was wearing black pants. She was turned slightly away from him, and he watched her legs, and the floor between her feet, for any signs of leakage. He hoped for her sake that she wouldn't have any, but if she did, he definitely wanted to see it.

"Amy," Mrs. Cartwright said, then had to repeat herself even louder because it appeared that the young girl was zoned out thinking about something. "AMY, sweetheart, your burgers ready!"

She seemed to come out of her trance, and only if you were looking closely, as Danny was, would you have noticed the flush rising in her cheeks, or the ever-so-slight waddle that hadn't been in her step before, as she walked towards the counter. Dan thought that her bum looked a bit bigger too, with the swollen diaper now filling her jeans out more.

"Thanks Mrs. C," Amy mumbled, fumbling in her purse for the money, and dropping a coin on the floor as she handed it over.

As she bent over to retrieve it, Dan drew in a sharp breath, Amys top had ridden up slightly, briefly revealing the waistband of her diaper to the rest of the shop. Fortunately though, only Dan appeared to notice the momentary flash. Amy picked up her errant two dollar coin, handed it over, then stepped back to the magazine rack, where to the casual observer, she was apparently choosing the latest teenage fashion mag to buy.

Nikkis order was ready only a moment later, and both Dan and Amy, standing well apart and not talking to each other, we're both fixated on watching Nikkis backside as she collected her order. Dan couldn't believe how well her tight jeans displayed her nappy, but apparently he was the only one to have noticed.

Nikkis diaer was already quite wet by this stage, although her friends didn't know that at the time. She had tried her best to hold on, but simply couldn't, and whilst standing in front of the drinks fridge she had lost two large, heavy squirts of pee. The second one had lasted for a few seconds before she had managed to cut off the flow again. That was the warning sign that absolute loss of bladder control was imminent, and she'd had no choice but to let some out gradually, just to regain a modicum of control again. But while she had genuinely tried to perhaps just release a small bit, she hadn't been able to stop, and had emptied half of her bladder before eventually regaining control.

But now she had a new problem. Stage fright. Her nappy was extremely swollen, or at least that's what it felt like, and while she couldn't tell, she was sure that the crotch was now hanging down. She had never worn a tape on before, and still couldn't muster the same faith in them that her friends had. It felt saggier and heavier than any nappy that she had ever worn, even more so than the adult pull ups, and she just couldn't manage to make her body let go of the last bit of urine it was holding. Now the majority of her pee was contained in the warm soft padding between her legs, its remaining brethren just refused point blank to join it in the padded confines beneath her jeans. She even spread her legs a bit as she was paying for her burger, expecting that to be enough to entice her body to eject the last remaining fluid that it was retaining, but to no avail. She ended up paying for her food and walking away with a bit of pee still in reserve.

Dan and Amy didn't know this of course, and just saw her standing with her legs parted, and made the natural assumption that she was peeing as planned, and this time they did make eye contact, and both of them had to suppress a grin each, convinced she was now wetting her diaper while they watched.

Nikki payed Tom for her burger, and shyly thanked him, before turning and walking calmly back towards where Amy was standing, using the magazines as a guise to hang around a few moments longer while Dan collected his food. She didn't acknowledge Amy, and vice versa, the girls just ignoring each other while the boy got in line to pay. His meal was a touch longer in arriving, as the fries had to be bagged as well.

Dan stood in line behind an older teenage girl, who was very pretty, wearing tight shorts and a crop top in open defiance of the cold day. She was at least seventeen, and therefore extremely out of Danny's league, but normally that wouldn't have stopped him from at least casting an admiring eye over her, especially considering she was wearing cute little ankle socks but no shoes, but he was absolutely oblivious to her presence, only concerned with the illicit act that he was preparing to commit.

He took Nikkis lead, and stood behind the gorgeous older girl, spreading his legs apart, then, while trying to maintain a semblance of control, he gradually relaxed the titanic grip he was maintaining on his bladder muscles, at first, trying to mentally count to ten, wanting to see at what number he could get too before he started peeing.

Three. Not much at all really.

One, two, three, and he felt a wetness forming right at the tip of his penis. It was semi erect, and pushing itself into the the padding that encased it, and that padding was now distinctly wet. He automatically panicked for a moment, and slammed the brakes on, causing a large squirt to erupt, which trickled down his shaft, and dribbled across his almost hairless balls, before being absorbed into the crotch of his diaper.

The pretty girl in front collected her order and left, without him even noticing her socks, and he relaxed himself again as he stepped forward to pay. This time, his count didn't quite reach all the way to three, but he didn't dribble, but started peeing properly, and was pissing without pause as he nervously handed Mrs. Cartwright a twenty, and had to wait for her to make change.

But now the proverbial floodgates had opened, they couldn't be closed again, and by the time she handed him his change, he was peeing like a fire hose in his nappy, with no hope of stopping at all.

He felt his cock twitch, and shift position, now leaning somewhat slightly towards the side, on a angle. This was disturbing, as he knew from past experience that if he wasn't 'centred properly,' he could easily overwhelm any given section of his diaper, causing it to leak badly.

He could feel his nappy swelling up more and more, reaching its tipping point faster with every second that passed, but he was completely powerless to do anything about it. He yearned to reach down and grab himself, just to straighten his boyhood up again, anything to spread the swelling wet patch out a bit more evenly.

If he sprung a leak in these brown cords, he was completely doomed. More than anything in the world, he wanted to reach down for an adjustment to prevent that from happening, or even make himself stop peeing, but he couldn't even manage that. He was perhaps halfway through, and knew he would have no control at all until his bladder had emptied itself at least a bit more.

He thought he was now feeling a certain wetness lower down, on the top of his thigh. That could simply be his diaper expanding as it swelled, or it could signify an extremely visible, embarrassing wet spot forming on his crotch.

Dan didn't dare to look down. If his pants were now as wet as he thought they may be, then suddenly dropping his head and staring as the wet spot spread rapidly across his trousers would only draw attention to it. Much better to just get his change, and get the hell out, before Mrs. Cartwright or anyone else happened to notice his pee soaked jeans.

He took his change, not bothering with putting it in his wallet, just itching for a fast, yet unobtrusive exit from this shop of shame.

Picking up his burger, he balanced it on top of his package of fries, muttered a quick 'Thanks very much,' then stepped gingerly away from the counter that he'd been inching closer towards, in an effort to hide his crotch from the lady serving him. The only consolation was, his flow had finally trickled out enough to enable himself the necessary control to cut the flow off at last.

Danny spun around, cheeks glowing with shame, still too scared to look down or even touch himself. He sighed with at least partial relief that she hadn't noticed, and he'd stopped peeing. But when he heard her voice, it was like an icy dagger piercing his spine, literally freezing and incapacitating him at the same time.

"Hey! Young man! Hold on! Stop!"

The fear he suddenly felt caused another short but sharp squirt to shoot into his sagging tape on, and another burst of fresh warmth provided heat for his testicles, which seemed to be trying to crawl up inside his stomach to hide. He briefly considered running, but at fourteen, if a grownup yells at you to stop, your first instinct is to do as you're told, especially if you've been raised correctly, as young Daniel had been.

He stopped, and winced. Knowing that he'd been caught, and had probably even left a puddle on the floor, which she was going to make him clean up.

Feeling on the verge of tears, he slowly turned his head back towards the counter.

Mrs. Cartwright was looking at him with a look of concern.

"Don't forget to get your iced tea out of the fridge young fella! You've paid for it you know!"

*486*2016-09-26 03:08

Chapter 37:

To keep up the appearance of not being together, they left seperately but within seconds of each other, with Dan being the last one out. He met the girls around the corner of the shop, and they could tell how shaken up he looked.

"I never, ever, want to do that again," he declared vehemently, leaning up against the wall. He still hadn't looked down at his pants, and asked nervously, "I'm wet, aren't I?"

Both girls looked at his crotch, and Amy got him to turn around so she could check his butt, before declaring that he hadn't leaked at all, and was good to go. Only then did he dare to reach down with his hand to check for himself, still almost convinced that his fingers would encounter wet fabric. Although his diaper was drenched, his touch managed to finally convince himself that he hadn't leaked, and he finally summoned up the nerve to look for himself.

Amy and Nikki were grinning, almost laughing in fact, and were struggling to maintain their composure at his reaction.

"I mean Holy fuck! I was sure I'd leaked everywhere! I felt way wetter than I normally do. I tried to control it, but once I started, I couldn't stop! I'm standing there, trying to pay, and I'm pissing flat out and it's running everywhere. That was horrible."

"That's why I don't leave it too long to do a pre-emptive strike mate." Amy explained. "The whole idea is to go early, before I get real desperate. That way I can still control it at least a bit, and if I do lose control, there's not as much to lose. Being full can be fraught with danger, even pre-empting it. I didn't even make it to the counter. I had an accident waiting for my burger."

Dan smiled at her. "I know you did. I was watching you, and I could tell."

"No way! How could you?" Amy asked in disbelief.

Dan didn't speak, just grinned and put his thumb in his mouth in an exaggerated version of what she'd done. Amy spluttered, then blushed.

"My bloody thumb sucking! I don't even know I'm doing it half the time!"

The cold weather was keeping people away from the park, so the trio scrambled up into the fort to escape the wind. Once they were comfortably seated, Dan opened the package of fries, and passed the iced tea around. As they ate their burgers, Nikki made a confession.

"I kinda didn't make it either," she said. "I wet myself quite badly before my food was ready, but I stopped before I'd finished, and I tried to let the last bit out like how we planned, but I got kinda scared I'd leak with my nappy being so wet already, and I couldn't make myself go."

Dan was shaking his head. "So after all our planning, I was the only one to stick with it then," he asked. "Girls...." he mumbled under his breath, causing his friends to throw a fry each at him.

"Don't blame us!" Amy informed him. "If we hadn't of had to go back for your stupid wallet in the first place, then Nikki and me would've been able to hold on longer!"

Nikki was a bit more contrite however. "I'm really sorry Dan. I honestly did try to stick with the plan, but I couldn't hold it any longer. Trying to keep pace with you guys when you're drinking is insane! I mean I know the whole idea is to get full and have a real accident, but I can't believe how many real ones I have when I'm drinking heaps with you guys. It's like my normally poor control gets like a hundred times worse or something. I think it's wearing a nappy as well. When I'm wearing one, it's like my body is more inclined to just go when it wants to. I really did try and hold on, but I just couldn't."

Amy was nodding in agreement. "You're right Nik. Danny and I have had this exact same discussion before. When we're diapered, it seems to make it harder to hold on, for sure. But you said that you didn't empty completely though?"

"Nah. I was peeing flat out, but managed to stop it at last. I wet so much I was sure I was gonna feel it running down my legs at any second! But then when I was paying for my food, I was just so tensed up I couldn't make myself pee. It was a bit annoying actually."

"So, do you still need to go now?"

Nikki smiled somewhat warily. "Yeaahh, kinda I do. Why?"

"Well, I think that since Danny and I completely 100% wet ourselves, that you should as well. Otherwise it's not fair. What do you think, Catholic boy?"

"I totally agree babe. I reckon Nik should finish what she started for sure!"

"There ya go Nikki. He agrees. Dare ya to finish wetting your nappy."

"Double dare you!" Dan piped in.

"You're on!" Nikki declared. The fries were almost gone, so she pulled the empty wrapping paper aside, and spread her legs in a wide V shape.

"Whoa Nik," Amy said. "I'd stand up if I were you. You're nappies already wet, and even these taped ones will leak if you pee sitting down in a full one. You'll end up with a wet bum!"

Nikki appeared indifferent. "So what? We're only going back to your place anyway. If my arse gets wet, I'll tie my jacket around my waist. I'd rather have a wet bum than wet legs! Can't hide those."

She bought her knees up, putting her feet flat on the floor. Her thighs opened wider, giving Amy and Dan a front on view of her crotch, with the tight white denim of her jeans now clearly showing the outline of her swollen diaper.

"Ready? Here goes," she said, and she squinted a bit, obviously concentrating a bit as she not only relaxed, but pushed as well.

They were sitting down out of the wind, and there was no traffic driving past, nor any other human sounds that they could hear. Later, after Nikki had gone home, Amy would tell Dan that in those few moments of magical silence, she would swear that she could hear a soft hissing sound as Nikki started peeing.

"I'm doing it!" Nikki announced, staring down at her lap. "I'm peeing!"

Three sets of eyes were locked onto the area directly believe her zipper, but apart from the way she suddenly leaned her back against the wall, giving her the necessary leverage to raise her bottom up a bit, nothing was immediately obvious to them.

But about ten seconds later there was.

All of a sudden, a trickle emerged, not through the crotch of her jeans, but from underneath her bottom. Like a worm, it wiggled its way across the cold metal base of the playground fort in which they sat.

"Nikki! You're leaking!" Amy exclaimed.

"Don't care. Can't stop," she replied. "It's all coming out now....."

The three kids watched in fascination as the little worm found a hollow area, and began to form a small puddle. Still, her actual crotch area didn't get wet, but suddenly they could see the inside legs of her jeans turning darker from underneath her backside. Apparently her leg guards had been unable to cope with the fresh torrent, and were now freely leaking from behind, soaking her backside, and wicking the trickling pee forwards onto her inner thighs. She kept her bottom raised for a few more seconds, then gave a shudder, before finally lowering it back down again with a noticeably wet squishy sound. She kept her legs spread wide, but lowered her knees, putting her feet straight out again. Grabbing at the denim on her thighs that was still dry, she pulled it even tauter, plastering the now highly obvious wet fabric tightly and firmly across her crotch. There was a puddle about three inches round between her legs, and the mission brown painted metal looked wet around her bottom.

"Oops. Think I pissed myself," she giggled, sounding like a little girl. But she stayed seated like that, picked up the last remaining bit of her burger, and continued eating without a care in the world.

Amy and Dan were almost in awe. Both of them were experiencing a fluttery sort of sensation in their stomachs, and were breathing a bit quicker than usual. Dans dick was rock hard in his diaper, and Amy felt a certain warmth around her slit that wasn't in any way relatable to her own pee filled nappy. She found herself reaching for Dans hand, then gently squeezing it, wanting to feel his presence as she looked, needing some reassurance that it was okay to be looking, and hoping that he was watching with the same intensity that she was. Judging by his firm grip, she decided that he was.

"Your bums gonna be very wet," Amy said.

Nikki just shrugged. "So? My jacket will cover it. But I don't wanna hang around for too long. Let's have a smoke and go back, okay?"

As they smoked, Nikki stood up. The sides of the playground fort hid her lower half from prying outside eyes. She tried to turn her head around to see how wet she was, but couldn't get a good look. So she started running her hand across her bottom, and pulling at the wet denim. Turning her back to her friends, she calmly asked them, "So? How bad is it?" While pinching and plucking at her wet patch.

The wet spot wasn't huge, but extremely visible, and made it completely obvious what had happened. It certainly wouldn't be mistaken for perhaps sitting on a wet bench or anything, and anyone who saw it would have absolutely no doubt that the thirteen year old girl had not only wet herself, but appeared to be wearing a nappy as well. Nikkis butt wasn't as well rounded as Amys was, and she was a lot skinnier, but her buttocks were still defined. Underneath each cheek was a half-moon shaped wet spot, that had obviously been produced from higher up, as it continued upwards and around the top inner thighs. If she stood facing you, with her legs together, nothing could be seen, but if she turned around, or had her legs open, the darkness against the bright whiteness of her pants left no doubt as to what had happened.

"Pretty bad mate," Amy informed her. "You'll need to tie your jacket for sure."

If she was overly perturbed, she hid it well. She stayed within the safe confines of the fort until they had finished smoking and collecting their rubbish, then, for the second time that day, slid down the slide wearing wet pants. Only then, did she tie her pink jacket around her waist, allowing the sleeves to hang down in front of her crotch like the true wetting veteran that she was.

The walk back home went without incident, as the cold weather and a few early drops of rain had again sent most people scurrying back indoors again. Nevertheless, the three of them were pleased to make it home without any interaction with anyone else, and once inside, Nikki hurried off to change again. This time, Dan gave her one of his pull ups to wear, as well as a spare Goodnight to take home, and Amy donated another tape up as well, and soon she reappeared wearing the pull up underneath her dress, with her new spares safely packed away. Amy had unloaded the dryer, and her and Dan had packed the towels away, and he had put his freshly laundered jeans and the brown cords away, and was again wearing his sweatpants, while Amy had changed into her pink sweats as well, but they had left their wet diapers on underneath though. It had been unspoken, but they had just decided to stay like that without discussing it.

It wasn't too much longer before Nikki's phone beeped, with a message from her mother telling her that she was about to pick her daughter up within the next fifteen minutes or so. Nikki went to the toilet twice during that time, determined to empty her bladder as much as possible.

"Are you going to leave the pull up on?" Dan asked.

"Yeah. Mum won't see it, but I don't wanna use it, at least not yet. Thanks to you guys, I can probably wear some protection to bed for a week or more now, and I won't wet them until they're almost worn out. I just love wearing them, and it seems almost a shame to use them!"

Her mother arrived not long after, and Nikki thanked them both, giving each of them a hug in turn, telling them both how much she appreciated not only the diapers, but lunch as well, then she was gone.

Nikki could be a real enigma. There were times that she seemed almost impossibly shy, and could be painfully hard to get an opinion out of, mostly due to her desire to just be accepted and not make waves. But she could also be the complete opposite, and be very straightforward and almost too brave and daring with her exploits, once she had her confidence up at least.

Amy led Dan back outside, remarking on how much quieter it seemed without Nikki being there. They still had a lot of iced tea left from what Dan had bought, so she poured them another drink. It was now about one o'clock, and they still had a couple of hours left before the grownups got home. They talked for a while about how wet their diapers were, and what they would do for the rest of the day.

"What's your idea Ames? What would you like to do?"

She smiled wickedly, and automatically Dan felt himself shiver with anticipation at the way she looked at him.

"Welllll, since we're both already wet, and we're alone for a while, maybe this would be a good time to help each other change? I've changed you, and I know you wanna change me, and I'd kinda like that as well. Perhaps we could even have a shower together?"

&&

*496*2016-09-27 14:02

Chapter 38:

Dans heart jumped into his throat, and he suddenly needed to pee again. He knew that if he hadn't just peed an hour ago, he may well have wet himself just then. But at the same time, he felt strangely calm. Perhaps calm wasn't the right word, but the whole situation had a touch of inevitability about it.

After Amy had changed Dan once before, the topic of Dan returning the favour had been discussed between them a few times, and he knew that eventually he would have his chance. In fact, he had actually been expecting that today was going to be the day that it was finally going to happen. Amy had even hinted about it earlier, and the hint hadn't gone unnoticed. Dan had kind of expected something like this would occur after Nikkis departure, but he had made up his mind that he wasn't going to be the one to bring it up, but rather he would let Amy lead the way, and now she had.

He swallowed deeply, and managed to smile, but try as he might, he couldn't stop his voice from breaking a bit, turning the last syllable into a squeak.

"I'd really like that Ames."

Amy looked nervous herself, but also determined. She stood up, and took his hand, and held it tightly as they went back inside, and she lead him to her room, where she guided him across to the bed, and sat beside him, still holding hands. She took a deep breath, and looked at him squarely before continuing.

"Before we start anything Danny, we need to talk about a couple of things, alright?"

Not trusting his voice not to break again, Dan just nodded.

"Okay. The first thing is, are you sure you wanna do this? Like have us both undress each other and stuff? I'm more than okay with it, and I've seen you undressed before, and I know you want to see me, but are you actually comfortable with doing it? I don't want stuff to get awkward between us later."

"Babe, I'm sure I'm ready." Dan replied. "As long as you're sure that you're okay with it, then I don't think it will be too bad later."

Amy smiled, happy that his response hadn't just been about what he wanted, but had included her considerations as well. That was kind of the sealer. If he had of just remarked that he wanted too, she may have encountered second thoughts, but knowing that he was still thinking of her needs, made those thoughts fade away.

"That's good then. The next thing are the ground rules. We've gotta agree on those first, okay?"

"Okay," was all he could muster in reply.

"First," she said, "We aren't gonna have sex Danny, and I need you to be clear on that. Sex isn't gonna happen. I want us to like see each other, touch and feel each other in more ways than we have done so far, but no penetration at all, by anything, anywhere, got it?"

Dan sighed with relief. He didn't think that having someone tell him that he wasn't going to have sex would ever feel so good. They had discussed sex a lot, and had both agreed that they were too young, but if Amy had have changed her mind and wanted to try it, he didn't know what he would have done. Suddenly he felt more relaxed than at any stage since the suggestion had popped out of her mouth. Again he nodded in agreement.

"Secondly, if either of us feels uncomfortable and says stop, then we stop at once, no arguments, understand?"

"Yes babe. I understand. Of course I agree, and I've gotta be honest, I'm kinda relieved about the 'no sex' part. Like we talked about before, I don't think we're ready. But I would love to have a shower with you......'

Amy leaned over and kissed him.

"Okay Catholic boy, but let's just have a cuddle first. Stand up for me, and take your shoes off."

Trembling more than a bit, Dan complied, standing up and kicking his shoes off without undoing the laces. Amy stood up and reached towards him, kicking her own shoes off in the process. "Arms up," she instructed. Once he raised his arms, she lifted his hoodie up and over his head, then lifted her own arms in a 'hands up' style of gesture, and looked expectantly at him. Dan grabbed her big baggy jumper, and slowly slid it over her head. Now they were both in T-shirts, he could tell how his earlier thought had been correct. She wasn't wearing a bra.

It appeared to be her turn to move. Dan was simply frightened of doing the wrong thing, so he was more than happy for her to be the one making the first moves, and he would just follow her lead.

She smiled shyly, and kissed him gently on the lips, causing him to respond, but only as lightly as she had kissed him, chastely, but with an undertone of hidden passion, but he made no contact with her apart from their lips.

While Amy was the protagonist, (as usual,) she didn't want to move too quickly either, less she make Dan panic, and while it didn't show, she was almost as nervous as he was. Taking his kiss as a positive sign, she reached for the waistband of his sweatpants, hooked her thumbs in, and quickly but gently slid them all the way down, and he stepped out of them, and used a socked foot to kick them aside.

In all of his fantasies about this moment, he had envisaged himself to be like a rampant bull faced with a cow on heat, ramrod stiff and ready for action, but now he was actually doing it, he felt his penis shrivelling up to the size of a broad bean, as if it wanted to fully retract and hide inside his abdomen. He tried to ignore this fact, and hoped that when the time came, he wouldn't be too scared to take his diaper off. The problem was in itself being scared.

The more he worried about the state of his flaccid boyhood, the smaller it seemed to become, like a self-fulfilling prophecy of sorts, but he knew that he only had two options, go through with what was one of his biggest fantasies, or get cold feet and wimp out. He swallowed, took a deep breath, and tried to put all thoughts about the state of his penis out of his mind. His trembling hands reached for the elastic waistband of her pink sweatpants, and following her lead, he lowered them to her ankles, allowing her to step free as well.

Taking his hands, she stepped backwards towards the bed, then lay down, dragging him with her, although he chose to sit on the edge, too nervous to lay beside her at first. Now, with both of them wearing only diapers, T-shirts and socks, they looked at each other. It wasn't the first time that they had seen each other like this of course, but it was the first time that they had the time and privacy to go further.

Dan was sweating slightly, and his hands were visibly shaking.

"Now what?" He asked.

"Whatever you like." Amy replied nervously, not wanting to put any undue pressure on him.

He seemed momentarily confused, almost as if he didn't know what to do, which was in fact true. He knew that sex was out of the question, but what should he do? Kiss her? Touch her? Perhaps on her boobs? Would she even like that, or would she scream and slap him? What about her legs? They looked so delectable, with their little lacy white ankle socks over her pretty little feet, and her big, discoloured diaper at the top of them! She had told him that he could change her, but also that they were going to shower together, and surely he should wait till then? But she had also asked for a cuddle, but it just seemed weird to take each other's pants off, then lay down and just hug! She was laying there, as cute and gorgeous as he had ever seen her, looking expectantly at him, but nervously as well, just waiting for him to do something, but he had no idea exactly what he should do, and his prick was still playing hide and seek inside his nappy, making him even more nervous.

Hesitatingly he reached for her foot. He liked giving her foot rubs, particularly while she wore socks, and he had done it enough times before to feel safe in the knowledge that she liked it a lot, and wouldn't scream 'Rape!' or anything like that.

Dan swung his legs up onto the bed, and spread them out in a big "V" shape, angling up on either side of her body. He took both of her feet, and placed them right in front of his own soggy diaper, and started massaging her toes through her socks, one at a time at first, then all together, first her left foot, then her right.

Amy was almost as scared as he was, but she hid it better. She knew that if she didn't take charge, at least a bit, and show some confidence, even if it was only pretend conference, that Dan would probably chicken out. At the same time, she was kind of scared that he might try and go too far too quick, and perhaps rip her nappy off in a frenzy, or grab for her tits, and that would spoil things. But she didn't want to have to instruct him in every detail, especially as she had absolutely zero experience with this sort of thing herself. So when he decided to start slowly, with the safety of a foot rub, she was pleased, relieved, and excited. It indicated that he would proceed as planned, but slowly, and that is exactly how she wanted it to go. Feeling relieved about his course of action, she smiled her encouragement at him, them moaned in pleasure at the feeling of having her toes played with, then she closed her eyes and layed back, trusting him to do the right thing.

As he sat there, Amys feet pushing against his wet diaper, rubbing her toes and admiring her beauty, noticing the way her shirt had ridden up, fully exposing not only her wet nappy, but the belly button on her flat stomach as well, he started to actually relax. It was just the easy familiarity of doing some he had done before, but now he was looking at her in a much more intimate way, and her eyes were closed, so he was able to openly stare at her face without making eye contact.

Not for the first time did he marvel at how pretty she was, and shake his head in disbelief that such a beautiful girl was actually his girlfriend. Her high cheekbones, her pert little nose, the blonde hair, the full lips, it added up to a stunning package.

Then there were her boobs of course. He had never seen them uncovered, but he had seen her in her swimsuit, and he knew for a girl of her age, that she was surprisingly well endowed. As he looked at her chest, he could see the two hardened points of her nipples pushing against the thin white cotton T-shirt she wore. He had often thought about actually seeing her breasts, and now, knowing it was more of a probability than a possibility, made his pulse start racing higher.

Suddenly, his private member woke up from its hiding place within the saturated padding of his diaper, and started pushing firmly against it, now standing tall and proud. That was a huge relief as far as Dan was concerned.

Feeling more confident now that he no longer had a "baby penis" going on, he started moving his hands slowly upwards, first rubbing her ankles, then her calves, then her thighs. He didn't rush, and didn't press too hard anywhere, just proceeded with a firm but gentle circular, squeezing motion, and tried to leave no square inch of flesh untouched.

When he got to her diaper area, he ignored it, and ran his fingertips over her tummy instead, tracing a circle around her belly button and her hips, before bending forwards and kissing her lightly, on the stomach, and allowing his tongue to probe inside her belly button for a few seconds. Amy had kept her eyes closed for most of his gentle caresses, but at the feeling of his tongue on her stomach, she arched her back, groaned loudly, and opened her eyes.

At first, this scared him, and he thought that he may have crossed the line, so he froze in place, and raised his head to look at her, expecting to find her looking either horrified, disgusted, or angry. Instead, she was smiling broadly, her even, white teeth showing in a huge happy grin.

Any thoughts he may have had about her being upset were dispelled as soon as she reached down, grabbed the hem of her shirt, and pulled it over her head, leaving her topless, and virtually naked except for her diaper and socks, but she didn't speak.

Amy reached for his right hand, which he gave willingly, and she drew it upwards, placing it on her left breast, and he could feel her hardened nipple pushing into his palm. He just cupped her breast at first, not knowing exactly what was expected of him, but then instinct took over, and he squeezed it gently, then with a look of wonder on his face, he delicately took her nipple between his thumb and forefinger, and squeezed that as well, almost expecting that that would be the moment when she would yell "Stop!" then punch him in the face.

But she didn't. Instead, she moaned even louder, and pressed her backside firmly down against her sodden diaper, and wiggled it back and forth, obviously relishing the way it felt as it squashed itself wetly between her legs. Any doubt he may have harboured about her enjoyment was dispelled when she grabbed his head, and pulled it onto her breasts, lips first.

Dan could smell her. The smell of her skin, her body spray, the soap she used, her shampoo, the tangy, salty odour of sweat, and even a mild scent of pee, emanating from her diaper.

He tasted her. Licking her skin, and putting his lips around her nipple, and sucking on it, drawing the blood towards it, and heightening the sensations. As he licked, sucked, kissed, and tasted, her free hand, the one that wasn't holding his hair while pushing his face down, was squeezing and rubbing the front of her nappy.

"Stop," she said, and at once he did, feeling confused and worried that he had somehow done the wrong thing and upset her. But a single glance at her face was enough to reassure him that he hadn't done anything wrong.

As he sat up, still straddling her, their diapers now touching, she reached instead for his shirt, which she pulled up, but couldn't quite get high enough to remove. He grinned down at her, and did it for her, pulling it over his head and carelessly throwing it on the floor in the general direction of his pants. Usually he was a bit self conscious about his ever so slightly chubby tummy, but he didn't even give it a second thought, anymore than he did about the fact that like Amy, his socks and nappy were the only things stopping him from being naked. His earlier qualms about his shrunken boyhood were now completely gone, and he was feeling as large as what he'd ever felt, almost as if his member had miraculously grown an extra inch or two in the last ten minutes.

Amy was technically trapped underneath him, but there was no uneasiness about it at all. Instead of feeling vulnerable, threatened, or even slightly uncomfortable, she felt safe and protected, loved and cared for, and felt that he could straddle her semi naked body all day and she would love it.

But it was time for a change. She grabbed his arms and pushed, guiding him off her, and feeling a brief spurt of pee escape as his weight shifted, but she barely noticed it. Now he was on his back, and she swung her leg over, planting her wet diaper on his, and even through the double layer of thick, soaked padding, she could feel his firmness beneath it. She ground against him a couple of times, pushing her diaper against his, until he murmured "Stop. You probably shouldn't do that much more."

Taking the hint, she slid down his body, but only enough to bend forward, and press her lips against his hairless chest. It was her turn to take his nipple into her mouth, and she did it, biting gently, and hearing him almost scream with pleasure.

Sliding off him, she stood over him, breasts exposed, but making no effort to cover them at all. She reached for his socks, and pulled them off quickly, leaving him clad only in his nappy. He was breathing hard, sweating slightly, and his longish hair was rumpled and messy, but he was smiling, and appeared to have found a new confidence, with his earlier reservations completely gone, and was looking at her expectantly.

Before she could lose her nerve, Amy reached for his diaper tapes, undoing the leg tapes first, then the top ones. Feeling like a kid at Christmas time opening a present, she slowly, and with great reverence, peeled down the front flap of his nappy, and issued an audible gasp as she saw what was inside. She had completely forgotten (as had he) that he was still wearing the pink satin panties under his diaper, and they were completed soaked, with not a dry spot to be seen on them anywhere.

It probably should have been an amusing sight, but the dark pink saturated satin was clinging to his boyhood like a second skin, showing virtually every detail, and it looked sexy to her, and not in the slightest bit funny. In fact, her breath caught in her throat a bit. It was like opening the box that the present was in, and finding it hiding under a layer of tissue paper, visible, but not clearly so, and she needed to see it uncovered before she could finally take possession of her long awaited present

He lifted his hips, and she pulled them down, watching in wonder as his boyhood, now unrestrained, stood straight up, seeming to pulse as it tasted the freedom of fresh air. She had seen it once before, and touched it, but she couldn't remember it being so big. She would've sworn it was smaller than that the last time she saw it. Even though his bum was wet, he couldn't help but drop it onto her sheets, as he lifted his legs up, allowing her to pull the wet panties free from his body, finally leaving him as naked as he had been at the time of his birth.

"My turn." Amy said, rolling off him and laying down, causing her boobs to jiggle as she settled herself down.

Dan did for her as she had done for him. Undoing the tapes with a shaking hand, then slowly peeling the front down, giving himself his first ever look at Amys maidenhood. She had a lot more pubic hair than he did, although it didn't cover all of her mound, but was just generally thicker on the lower region, covering it with light golden strands of curls, with a glistening slit not quite hidden by the sandy coloured undergrowth.

"Lay with me?" Amy asked, and so he did. They lay side by side, draping an arm over each other, completely naked, but feeling no unease at all. They kissed gently, but without any hint of the raw passion that they were struggling to contain, instead, just keeping it simple. Amy wriggled closer to him, and soon their bodies were pressed tightly together. Dan could feel the hard nodules on her breasts rubbing against his chest, and a certain slipperiness against his pelvis and occasionally against his thigh, whilst she could feel his erection pressing against her stomach, leaving a stickiness behind as it slid around.

For a few minutes they just kissed and touched. Their nervous fingers did touch each other "down there," but only fleetingly, and never with any direct or deliberate intention, more of an occasional light brush or caress, just to gauge the reaction that it might inspire in the other one. Amy did grab his shaft lightly once, but he pulled away immediately.

"No Ames. Don't. If you do that, I'm gonna make a mess. I'm right on the edge now, and I don't think I could stop it from happening if you touch me like that."

"Okay Catholic boy," she replied. "I won't do it here, but let's go and take that shower, but I can't promise I won't touch it in there though."

Amy led the way, and Dan followed, his erection leading him like a radar, as he kept his eyes plastered on her pert, naked backside as it sashayed back and forth as she walked, stopping briefly at the linen closet for towels. They entered the bathroom, and she turned to him and smiled wickedly, with the childlike gleam of just plain naughtiness replacing the sultry, adult style look that had been in her eyes.

"Wanna see me pee?" She asked.

Dan had to laugh. It just seemed "So Amy." Just the sort of thing that she was so prone to do, spring a surprise on him that he just wasn't expecting. But yes, he really did want to see her pee. Very much indeed in fact. He'd never seen a naked girl pee before.

"Yes babe. I'd love to watch you pee! Wanna watch me?"

She agreed that it was a fine suggestion, and she stepped into the shower, and not without some feelings of relief. When she had peed a bit in her nappy when Dan had gotten off her, she had become aware of a need to go, and had been starting to get a bit nervous after taking her diaper off. Once she started having little leaks like that, it meant a bigger accident was approaching, and in the back of her mind she could see herself losing control of her bladder whilst fooling around naked on the bed, and that wouldn't be very nice, regardless of how much they both enjoyed playing wet games.

She stood facing him, and felt a trickle on her leg. She had again leaked without being aware of it happening, and guessed that she had managed more by luck than good judgment, to get into a safe place like the shower with only minutes to spare, if that.

Dan had noticed the trickle, but didn't realise that it was in fact an accident and not deliberate, and he stared enraptured at the golden moisture that had run down her leg and pooled around her left foot, and the drops of pee that hung from her pubes like dew on fine yellow grass.

Before she had the chance to say anything, she felt her muscles weaken, and with the cold tiles under her feet not helping her situation, she lost control.

Dan was fascinated as he saw a stream arc out from a hidden spot on her mound. He had never heard of girls having a pee hole before, and always assumed that they peed from their vaginas, but had now learned that wasn't the case. An arc of pee shot out in front of her, not unlike it did when he peed, but unlike him, Amy also had a lot of pee just running down her legs as well. She made no attempt to squat or aim, just stood there watching him, as her legs and feet got coated in warmth.

"Your turn," she said, and beckoned him to join her.

He stepped into the thankfully roomy shower, and into her pee puddle as well, but he didn't mind doing that.

"I don't know if I can Ames. I sorta need to go, but guys kinda can't pee when they're, you know," he gestured towards his erect boyhood, "like this."

"Well. We'll just give it a minute to go down then. I wanna see you pee as well. I've never seen a boy peeing. At least not in his pants," she added with a giggle.

"I've never seen a girl do it until now." Dan admitted. "I didn't know you peed like that. I thought it was like a vagina thing, but it's not, is it?"

Amy had to laugh. She was in a shower cubicle, naked, with her naked boyfriend, covered in pee from the waist down, and was now giving him a basic anatomy lesson on a girls plumbing. It seemed somewhat surreal. But he was interested, and she guessed a lot of boys probably shared the same misconception, so she explained it nicely to him without ridiculing his lack of knowledge on female biology, even showing him where she peed from. By the time she'd finished, his boyhood had softened enough to allow him to try.

He turned side on, facing the wall so as not to pee on her, and relaxed. It wasn't easy, and he had to force it a bit, but eventually he felt it coming. He grabbed his member, and aimed it comfortably down, and with a bit of effort, he finally produced a stream. After a few seconds, nature took over, and his bladder started emptying on its own accord, and he could stop forcing it. As his stream strengthened, he became aware of Amy moving beside him as she watched, then she moved quickly, and took his still arcing penis in her hand, and wriggled it, giggling as she watched his pee sprinkle everywhere. At first he was shocked, but he couldn't pull away without somehow spinning around while peeing everywhere, so he had not much choice but to let her hold it, but when she giggled, he did as well, and happily relaxed, letting her guide his stream in ever changing patterns, as she laughed with pleasure.

Once he'd finished, and managed to get pee all over his feet and one leg as well, they turned the shower on, adjusted it, then gratefully stepped under the water together, the cold day allowing the warm water to provide even greater comfort than usual.

At first, they kept it simple, and shampooed each other's hair, then did the same with the conditioner. Whilst leaving the conditioner in for the required two minutes, Amy picked up the soap, and scrubbed her legs and feet, then gave it to Dan to do the same. But when he finished, he started rubbing soap over Amys breasts, smiling as her nipples again stood up hard. She took the soap, and rubbed his chest, and then, covered in soapy bubbles, they kissed, and pressed their slippery bodies together, relishing the way that their chests slipped and slid against each other's.

The conditioner was now starting to run into their eyes, so they took turns to rinse their hair out. Then Amy turned her back on the spray, and rubbed the soap first all over her own crotch area, and then Dans.

"Make me nice and clean Danny, and I'll clean you," she said.

He put his hand into her curls, steadfastly avoiding the opening, because of Amys strict rule on no penetration, and started rubbing the soap in.

"Not there Danny. Here. Like this...."

She took his hand, guiding it, and suddenly she shivered, just as his middle finger seemed to touch a certain spot, right near the top of her opening. She held his finger in place, and guided it, showing him how she desired to be washed, then let him do it.

While he was so gainfully employed, she started washing his private area, paying particular attention to his erect shaft, making sure she soaped it up good and proper. She felt his body stiffen, just as his probing fingers caused a shiver to pass through her as well.

His voice was strangled. "Amy, you really gotta stop that. I'm gonna let go any second."

But she wasn't listening. Her own orgasm was upon her. It usually didn't happen so quickly, but her level of arousal was at a height she hadn't ever reached before. Her toes curled in the soapy water around her feet, her back arched, her jaw tightened, and she leaned against Dan for support, still holding his cock as wave after wave of pleasure washed over her. She clamped her thighs together, trapping his hand, as his fingers continued to probe and play. She screamed in ecstasy as it pulsed through her, and her grip on Dans cock tightened, and she was aware of it pulsing in her hand, and she was moaning as well, and pushed up firmly against him, as her climax reached its zenith, at the same time Dan moaned, and squirted his essence in two large shots, straight onto her freshly washed stomach.

*497*2016-09-27 14:30

{{4 hours ago, jippy said:

Oh god, the anticipation I have for the next chapter...

}}

I hope it meets your expectations!

And a big shout out of thanks to everyone for the continued support.

That last chapter was a milestone one in regards of what I was building up towards for a long time.

Its about time those two got their shit together!

*498*2016-09-27 14:34

By the way, I've got another story on the boards. "Gemmas wet weekend."

Its building towards a more adult scenario, but features a lot of childhood experiences and permissible diaper wearing.

If you guys like this, you oughta check Gemma and her friend Crystal out..,,

