The hunt for love (an interactive fantasy adventure) - Page 4 - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrg

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*077*2014-11-25 17:01

{{:

I would analyze ratetsu. He seems to be a very dangerous foe. Not to mention if he actually is a demon...

}}

Let's go have a chat with Rasetsu...

You walk over to the black-clothed man and take a seat next to him.

Natillie:

Hey Rasetsu. What's up?

Rasetsu:

Oh! Natirrie! How are you doing?

Natillie:

I'm fine. And you?

Rasetsu:

...I'm okay...

Rasetsu seems to be tapping his foot nervously and shuddering slightly...

Natillie:

Are you sure? You seem anxious...

Rasetsu:

Everything is fine... no need to worry...

You see his thighs clench a little bit... Judging from every obvious sign he's giving you, you can't help but giggle a bit.

Natillie:

Heehee... Rasetsu... Do you have to.......

Rasetsu:

.......................................

Natillie:

I knew it *grin*.

Rasetsu:

It's... quite embarrassing.......

Natillie:

Why not just go use the toilet over there?

Rasetsu:

I must study the competition carefurry... They're not going in order of the roster... Most rikery rast minute decision... Not to mention

I wourdn't want to miss a fight with you in it. You're the most dangerous opponent here, and I MUST observe the way you move.

Natillie:

Aww... You flatter me *blush*. Why do you think they're not going in order?

Rasetsu:

........Me....

Hmm... That does make sense... If Rasetsu were to fight another person, chances are the result would be the same as last time, and the crowd would grow uninterested...

Natillie:

Well anyways... If it makes you feel better, I actually have to pee as well.

Rasetsu:

Werr why don't you go use the toiret?

Natillie:

Well um... I'm not too fond with sitting on filth...

Rasetsu:

Hmm? I see... In that case...

Rasetsu reaches into his travelling sack and pulls out a small leather pouch...

Rasetsu:

If you don't want to use the outhouse, then you can use this smarr sack. I was going to use it myserf, but I think you deserve it more.

Nattilie:

Aww Thank you *smile*.

Rasetsu:

Keep in mind that it's not very big, so it won't be abre to contain everything... I'd advise you onry use it in dire emergency.

Acquired: Potty Pouch

You walk away with a smile on your face, glad to have gained some form of relief...

{{:

We could indeed use some water and since we should still be able to hold 10 bladder points more for a while, let's drink some. We should make sure to use the dirty toilet or find another place to pee right after the next battle 'though.

}}

{{:

Well the water heals a few hp if I remember correctly, maybe drink a few of them?

}}

You decide to crack open a bottle of water and get yourself hydrated for the next fight...

HP: 160/200

Bladder: 114/150

Announcer:

#14 and #16 please make your way to the field!

You glance over at your next opponent; He seems to be wearing very light armor, so damage reduction won't be a bother at all, and all he uses is his bare fists... What kind of guy is he?

Gilligan:

ALRIIIIIIGHT C'MON C'MON LET'S GO RIGHT HERE RIGHT NOW WE GONNA THROW DOWN AND SAVE THE PLANET WITH OUR JUSTICE FISTS OF JUSTICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lemme rephrase that... What kind of nutjob is he?

He leaps over to the field, raising his fists and you unsheathe your blade...

BATTLE INITIATE!!!

Gilligan

HP: 177/200

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder: 114/150

Natillie goes first!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 160/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 114/150 (Dribbling!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 103/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 3/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +20) [xp. 153/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely dress

Iron Throwing Kives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*079*2014-11-25 18:34

{{:

Especially with this little armor, let's simply go for the most damage on average as a start: use gleaming furry

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry!

4+4+2+2+3+1(miss)+3+2+44=64-15Def=...

54 Damage!

Gilligan

HP: 123/200

Natillie

HP: 160/200 Bladder: 114/150

Gilligan's turn!

Gilligan strikes at you with a blinding hail of punches!

14 Damage!

Gilligan

HP: 123/200

Natillie

HP: 146/200 Bladder: 118/150

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 146/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 118/150 (Dribbling!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 103/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 3/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +20) [xp. 153/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely dress

Iron Throwing Kives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*082*2014-11-25 22:49

{{:

Since Natillie nor Gilligan is close to dying yet, I see no reason to change the strategy.

}}

{{:

Gleaming fury

}}

Natillie uses Gleaming Flurry!

2+3+4+2+4+4+1(miss)+4+44=67-15Def=...

57 Damage!

Gilligan

HP: 66/200

Natillie

HP: 146/200 Bladder: 118/150

Gilligan's turn!

Gilligan seems to take a ready position... Waves of energy are flowing into him...

Gilligan

HP: 66/200

Natillie

HP: 146/200 Bladder: 118/150

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 146/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 118/150 (Dribbling!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 103/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 3/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +20) [xp. 153/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*086*2014-11-26 16:43

{{:

Time to fight fire with fire: use magic to quickly stop him charching.

}}

{{:

Wouldn't we be fighting fire with water if we used our magic? :P Either way, using magic quickly does seem a good idea

}}

Natillie uses Aqua 1!

[7]+44Str+(18Int/2)=60-15Def=...

51 Damage!

Gilligan

HP: 15/200

Natillie

HP: 146/200 Bladder: 118/150

Gilligan's turn!

Although the attack you sent at him staggered him a little bit, it wasn't near enough for a counter...

Gilligan's fists begin to burn with a fiery bright blue blaze (try saying that five times fast...)

You've never seen an attack like this before... Some kind of pyromancy maybe?

Before you have enough time to assess the situation, Gilligan dashes straight for you and thrusts his fists of passion straight into your abdomen! You cough up a slight amount of blood as you recoil from the attack!

"FOR CLAN AZURE!" he calls out in the middle of his attack, "AND FOR JUSTICE!!!"

59 Damage!!!

Gilligan

HP: 15/200

Natillie

HP: 87/200 Bladder: 128/150

Natillie's turn!

{{:

Natillie Rays LV. 5 [xp. 303/500]

Stats

HP: 87/200

Strength: 44

Defense: 54

Charisma: 34

Intelligence: 18

Speed: 41

Bladder: 128/150 (Spurting!)

Equipped:

L. Arm: Goldenstream (Strength +23 / Speed +16) [xp. 103/300]

R. Arm: Iron Buckler (Defense +24) [xp. 3/200]

Body: Leather Armor (Defense +20) [xp. 153/250]

Accessory 1: Nothing

Accessory 2: Nothing

Accessory 3: Nothing

Accessory 4: Nothing

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Inventory:

150 Grands

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

Attacks:

Assuring Strike: d20+Strength (This attack has armor piercing and ignores damage reduction)

Multi Stab: 2 d12+Strength

Gleaming Flurry: 8 d4+Strength

Flourish Finish!

Magic:

Aqua 1: 1 d20+Strength+(Intelligence/2) (2x damage to fire-based enemies)

Actions:

Defend

Use Item

{{:

Lovely Dress

Iron Throwing Knives x10

Potty Pouch

Water x2

}}

*089*2014-11-26 18:10

{{:

Let's go with flourish finish again and end this quickly, before he hurts us more. If he's defeated, don't hesitate to rum off and go find a place to pee. We need to recover some hp, so it's now a real necessity to make space in her bladder for some healing drink.

Also, I was wondering about the bladder system. Right now Natillie's bladder is only 128/150~85% filled and she's already spurting. Is this permanent or will there be opportunities to improve Natillie's bladder control so she'll be able to fill up her bladder further without letting anything out?

}}

{{:

Flourish finish!

}}

(Yes there will be times where you can up your bladder along with the rest of your stats. Most of it will be through character level up, but there are also items you can use to up certain stats... Also let's ignore the fact that I miscalculated that Aqua attack entirely ._. I already edited it so it's been dealt properly, so everything's fine... God I need my caffeine...)

Your knees tremble as the pressure in your bladder rises... But you must focus on the fight at hand.

You ready your Goldenstream and dash for Gilligan. He makes an attempt to dodge the attack but fails to get away, leaving a slash on his chest. He keeps up a fighting effort by trying to roundhouse kick you, but with pure focus you slash at the sole of his foot, then slash at the leg that's farthest from you, causing him to fall to the floor. You keep your foot on his neck, applying slight pressure to it. Any attempts of escape will result in Gilligan suffocating to death.

Ya done good, son... Ya done good...

XP gained: 114

Leather Armor Level up!

Lv. 3/6

20+[1]=21

You walk over to the benches, shuddering as you begin spurting. Your need is growing rapidly and you don't see many options other than a filthy outhouse, but you walk inside of it anyways, almost tempted to use it... It feels just as cramped as last time. You stare at the dirty wooden hole, ridden with stains of various disturbing colors... You REALLY don't want to use it, but you may not have a choice... Then again, you still have that sack Rasetsu gave you, so that seems like a much healthier alternative...

Use dirty hole? Or use Potty Pouch?

*097*2014-11-29 20:00

{{:

We might need the potty pouch later, so just pee in the hole. Do not touch anything 'though. Just pull your armor down to your knees and squat over the hole.

}}

{{:

Use the hole. Save the pouch

}}

You think to yourself that you may be able to conserve the pouch for a more dire situation. You don't want to acknowledge it but you bladder is willing to find any form of relief at this point... You strip the lower section of your armor and stand on top of the filthy hole, squatting over it. With a loud sigh of relief, you release yourself onto the wooden opening. A large portion of it doesn't actually "get in" rather spraying around the surface, but you don't even care at this point. The only thing on your mind is enlightenment...

Suddenly the door bursts open! In a panic, you stop your flow and cover your bare wetness. It was Friz once again.

Bladder: 103/150

Natillie:

W-What are you doing you sick perv! GET OUT!

Friz:

SHISHSHSH!!! Keep quiet!!! I need a favor to ask you...

Natillie:

Can't this wait until AFTER I'm done?!

Friz:

That's the thing... I need you to... hmm... how do I put this?

Friz pulls out a small glass bottle...

Friz:

I need you to go in this for me...

Natillie:

....................

Friz:

Relax... I can assure you whatever it is your thinking, it's not that...

Natillie:

Last time I checked, you're not a urologist... So what is this about?

Friz:

You see... I wanna bring my asshole of a brother Leon a little "Remiacan souvenir"... Fucking dick stole my chorizo sandwich without asking and I intend to pay him back for it!

Natillie:

So you intend to throw a bottle of piss at your brother because he took your sandwich? Why not just use your own pee?

Friz:

He uses detection magic... He'd know it was mine. But if I use urine from someone in another continent, he won't be able to trace it!

Natillie:

*sigh* One of these days you're gonna get arrested... What do I get in return?

Friz:

I think you know perfectly well what you get... After all those wounds won't heal themselves.

Natillie:

Actually they do but... whatever...

Agree to Friz's offer?

