Fiction: Clea and Crimson

Author: FateAndFire404

*000*2014-04-01 03:51

"Clea, come on, hurry up!"

Clea's older sister banged on the bedroom door, stirring Clea from a deep sleep. She grudgingly rose from the bed, shouting "Okay, okay, I'm up, Big Sister!" before muttering to herself, "Geez..."

Clea quickly threw on a pair of skinny jeans and a T-shirt and ran into the bathroom to brush her teeth. Within three minutes flat, she was meeting her sister in the car with a bottle of juice and a bag of chips. The breakfast of champions.

"How did you oversleep? I thought you set an alarm." Crimson barked, starting the car.

As soon as they pulled onto the street, Clea began eating her chips and sipping on her juice. They had a long drive ahead of them, and she was hungry.

As soon as the road trip began, the sisters were fighting. Whose music to play, who got which drinks from the cooler, what car games to play. Clea had neglected to use the toilet when she got up this morning, and she could feel her bladder protesting her for doing so.

"When are we going to stop?" She casually asked Crimson.

"We've only been driving for a half hour, Clea! Not for a while."

Clea, knowing she had angered her sister by asking, crossed her legs and put down her juice.

On they drove, eventually settling on Crimson's music for an hour, and then Clea's for the next, alternating back and forth throughout the day.

Clea was growing very uncomfortable. Her bladder was full from the night, and the juice she had consumed was beginning to press on it's walls also. She bit her lip, and glanced at Crimson, praying to see signs of a full bladder in her sister. She didn't.

Clea was embarrassed and scared to ask Crimson to stop, so she decided to try and hold it in. She wanted very badly to press her hand against her private parts to help hold her achingly full bladder, but she knew she couldn't with her sister in the car. Instead, she moved so her heel was underneath her, and pressed that into her body so hard it almost hurt.

Crimson was oblivious to her sister's desperation, and continued to drive along the road carefree. Eventually, Clea knew she needed to speak up or risk wetting her pants.

"Sister?"

"Hmm?"

"Could we maybe stop soon?"

"We haven't been driving that long." Crimson seemed less cranky than she had been before. She glanced at her sister, noticing her pained expression and the way she was sitting. "What's wrong? You have to pee?"

Clea turned as red as Crimson's name and nodded.

"Can you hold it until Tahoe? It's under an hour away."

Clea didn't want to be a nuisance to her sister. She was nearly fifteen years old now, she must be able to hold it. So she nodded sheepishly, hoping she could wait that long.

The sisters carried on, at first chatting and singing to the radio. As time passed, though, Clea became quiet. She sat with her foot under her still, pressing against her pee hole. Her hands were moving closer and closer to her crotch- currently digging into her thighs. It had been ten or fifteen minutes since Crimson mentioned Tahoe, and Clea was beginning to doubt she could make it.

Crimson noticed her little sister's lack of vocals, and could tell how desperate she was by looking at her.

"Are you, uhm, okay? You're sure you can hold it?"

Clea gritted her teeth. "I have to go really bad."

"Come on, you're not a baby anymore, little sister. You'll be alright. Not too much longer now."

The minutes seemed to take hours, and Clea's bladder was wearing down from holding so much for so long. She finally allowed herself to press her hands in between her legs, squirming in her seat a bit. "I can't hold it anymore." She said quietly.

"Okay, I'll look for a place to stop." Crimson said, although they were on a country road. There were other cars, but not many buildings. "Maybe we'll come to a petrol station soon."

Clea felt a little bit of warmth on her fingers, and she knew she was starting to leak.

"I-it's coming out." She whimpered, not caring if she sounded like a child.

"It's okay, just try to hold it. We can't be too far." Crimson encouraged her sister.

Another spurt escaped onto Clea's fingers, and she began to cry quietly. She knew she wasn't going to make it.

"Don't cry, little sister." Crimson pleaded, driving a little faster.

Clea felt more urine seep through to her fingers as a sharp pain was felt in her lower stomach. She doubled over, shocked by the pain. The urine soaking her fingers began coming out stronger, and she could no longer hold it in. Warm jets pressed against her jeans, and began soaking her butt and thighs. Crimson, hearing a hissing sound, looked over at Clea and saw as a dark puddle began pooling on the car seat around her.

"Oh, Clea..." She gasped.

Clea's bladder continued to empty itself, giving Clea a feeling of relief so great she could have screamed. The warmth spread to most of the car seat, soaking her jeans completely. Some even pooled down to her knees, as forceful jets quickly left her body. As they slowed down, Clea sighed with relief, forgetting for a moment that she was wetting her pants in front of her sister at the age of fourteen. When she was fully empty, she quickly apologized to Crimson. "I'm so sorry...I just couldn't hold it anymore."

"It's okay, I should have stopped sooner...We'll get you cleaned up and in a change of clothes as soon as we see somewhere to stop, okay?"

*002*2014-04-05 03:44

{{:

This is a great story, I really enjoyed it. I hope you make more!

}}

Thank you!!

