Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 7

Author: omobecca

*124*2020-01-04 00:39

Christmas gifts

As Lula's adventure reaches its 25th chapter, which was totally not planned for her 25th day of December, I want to say a huge thank you to those who have read the story and for all the support. As much as I like to make the characters come alive, it's nice to know people are actually reading it. I hope everyone had a good New Year and that everyone is happy and safe. Lula's yet to have her New Year's Eve, which I have some ideas for. I wonder what Lula should do... or what should happen... Or what she should have to deal with...

Bloated, heavy, and exhausted, Lula fell backwards onto her bed. Her body bounced as she hit her mattress. Oof. She let out a half burp and exhaled. She spent a few minutes just staring up towards the ceiling, her hands resting on her overly full stomach. Presents were good, festivities were fun, but the feast of a dinner is what Christmas was all about. Whilst turkey is usually dry, her Dad’s method of cooking their bird made it leak with moisture. Smoky, streaky bacon had wrapped the succulent white meat and the inside leaked with soft and crispy stuffing. The roast potatoes were crispy and flaky but fluffy and airy in the throughout.

A selection of vegetables had been served on a giant dish they could all help themselves from. The giant dish, plentiful in coloured goodness, was bathed in a salted butter. Plump and squidgy Yorkshire puddings had been served on the side. They had absorbed all the juices of the meal. Instead of store bought pigs in blankets, Lula’s Dad had wrapped some thick, juicy, peppered sausages in even more streaky bacon. Lula had helped herself to a few dollops of light, buttery mashed potato. Her mouth salivated at the smell before she’d even seen what was on offer. Her nose twitched at the memory of the meal as she laid immobile on her bed.

*vrrbt vrrbt*

“Uh” Lula let out a groan as she attempted to roll her body to the side to grab her phone. She failed. She took a few deep breaths. Again, she forced her body to the right and she grabbed her phone.

Rosie: “Merry Christmas bitchtits! You’ve been quiet all day”

Lula: “Merry Christmas to you too”

Rosie: “Get anything nice? ;)”

Lula: “Laptop, clothes, chocolate, you?”

Rosie: “You got me? Awww love you too”

Lula: “What did YOU get?”

Rosie: “Nothing from you!”

Lula: “DON’T MAKE ME FEEL BAD I KNOW YOUR PRESENT IS HERE”

Rosie: “You should feel bad”

Lula: “I DO HUSH”

Rosie: “Did you like my gifts? Did you have fun?”

Lula: “Yeah about that”

Rosie: “Yes?”

Lula: “Did you not consider my parents could have seen me open it?”

Rosie: “Shit not really. I thought you’d open it when you got home”

Lula: “It’s a CHRISTMAS present. Why would I open it before? But why though?”

Rosie: “Sorry. Thought you’d appreciate it”

Lula: “The socks I do, I have them on now”

Rosie: “Do you have it on as well?”

Lula: “It? NO!”

Rosie: “Okay”

Lula: “Why did you give it to me? Why do you have one?”

Lula knew she had to pretend she hadn’t seen them in Rosie’s bathroom before.

Rosie: “You know why”

Lula: “That’s why I’m asking?”

Rosie: “My Mum got them for me”

Lula: “You said she’d only get them if you kept having accidents”

Rosie: “Yeah”

Lula: “We agreed we wouldn’t?”

Rosie: “Lol you know when I said sometimes I couldn’t help it”

Lula: “Right”

Rosie: “Well I could and I failed. Sue me”

Lula: “Cheeky. When?”

Rosie: “Tuesday or Wednesday night?”

Lula: “So not 2 days into the promise?”

Rosie: “It was the middle of the night, I was super desperate, it was cold outside, I woke up in pain”

Lula: “And?”

Lula didn’t want to make it obvious she was digging for details, but she totally was.

Rosie: “Well I wet the bed. Still have the protector so everything was fine obviously”

Lula: “Well you’re a liar who breaks promises”

Rosie: “My Mum found out the next day and was more annoyed than usual so she bought me them”

Lula: “Have you used them?”

She knew Rosie had used them from the open packet.

Rosie: “Lol”

Lula: “?”

Rosie: “Yeah lol”

Lula: “And?”

Rosie: “And what?”

Lula: “Well how does it feel?”

Rosie: “Weird and nice. Like you can pee and it doesn’t go anywhere. Leaks a LITTLE bit if you use it too much”

Lula: “Too much? How many times did you use it?”

Rosie: “Was that Thursday evening we walked home. After you left I put one on and used it until school on Friday”

Lula: “Not at school?”

Rosie: “God no. Just overnight”

Lula: “How many times?”

Rosie: “Lots of questions you should try lol. About 3 or 4”

Lula: “No. Oh okay. What do you do with them afterwards?”

Rosie: “Throw them away?”

Lula: “Oh lol obviously”

Rosie: “I didn’t really think how you’d throw yours away sorry”

Lula: “You still think I’m going to use it?”

Rosie: “I don’t think I KNOW”

Lula: “You can go away now”

Rosie: “Speak laterrrrr :D”

She has literally just admitted to me she wears nappies at night. Like a child? A baby? Hmm. They wouldn’t make adult ones if people didn’t need them. Right? I mean, she sort of needs them? But all the times she’s wet recently she did it on purpose. She totally does it on purpose. Huh. She’s admitted so much to me in the last few months. I’VE only been doing all this for a few months. I should stop? I have to hide it all the time. The bag under my bed smells a bit. Have my parents smelled it? But it’s so good. Uh. Feels so good. Ugh. I still can’t move. Food was so good. Tired.

Lula could feel her eyes drooping as her food coma started to kick in. She was prepared to hide under her covers and wake up whenever her body decided to but she was hesitant. Is this the best time to…?

She edged towards it then stopped, then edged again and stopped. Her ears pricked as she listened for any movement again. Fuck it.

Lula listened for a few seconds then darted, as clumsily and as bloated as she could, to the other side of her bed and she pulled the corner of her mattress up. There it was. The bag in a bag in a bag. She rustled the plastic as the bags unravelled. The waft of pee filled her nose as her pee knickers and a recently added pair of leggings sat crumpled together. With them was a fresh, crisp, dry nappy, courtesy of Rosie. She sighed then lifted it out, pushing the bags back down and letting the mattress flop back into place.

Leaning and almost falling out her bed, Lula stumbled down and stood up as quickly as she could. She stopped and listened once again. Nothing. Good.

She pulled off her jeans and threw them to the corner of her room. She slipped out of her dark blue, midnight coloured knickers and apprehensively stepped into the incontinence pants. She wiggled her hips as she pulled it up her thighs and against her crotch. She shivered as the soft padding tickled the skin of her vagina. She hear a bang. Her heart stopped. She leaned over herself like a deer in headlights. This was not how she wanted to be exposed. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckno. She hurriedly stepped back into her dark blue knickers, not really understanding why but it felt right, and then into her long cotton pyjamas she’d worn a few nights in a row. She looked down at herself. You know what? You almost can’t tell.

She stopped and listened once more. There were no more sounds. Her heart started to beat normally. She was somewhat confident if she was seen now that neither of her parents would know what she was wearing. She wiggled her hips again. There were little to no crinkle sounds. She grabbed her backside and squeezed at the slightly thicker than usual texture. She did the same with her crotch, noticing the difference of the padded material covering her decency. Lula took the deepest of breaths. God, this feels good. It shouldn’t but it does. Should I… use it? No. I can’t. But should I? I don’t need to pee… Hmm.

Considering whether to take the thing off and hide it again, Lula eventually settled with getting back into bed. She also considered telling Rosie but decided she couldn’t dare. She shuffled left and right, feeling the padding gently rustle against her bare skin. I’ve not worn one since I was a baby. I shouldn’t be wearing this. I should take it off. It feels so good. It’s comfy. Ugggh.

As Lula shifted her weight under her duvet, resting her head on her pillows, and getting gradually more comfortable, her eyes once again began to feel heavy. As she lost the ability to stay awake, she began to forget what she was wearing and drifted away into darkness.

*129*2020-01-14 01:30

So I’ve been busy recently and haven’t been able to post as much as I want. Sorry! >.<

Please accept smaller parts of a bigger chapter as I use what time I can to finish what I want to happen.

New Years Revelations – Part 1

Lula: “NO!”

Rosie: “You’ve had it for nearly a week”

Lula: “SO?”

Rosie: “You’ve not even worn it?”

Rosie: “You’re not replying”

Rosie: “You’re a bad liar”

Rosie: “I know you”

Lula: “YES”

Rosie: “But not used it?”

Lula: “NO”

Rosie: “Why re you shouting?”

Lula: “I’m not”

Rosie: “YOU WERE”

Lula: “I can’t”

Rosie: “Cant?”

Lula: “Can’t use it”

Rosie: “Lame”

Lula: “You’re… allowed? I can’t”

Rosie: “I get that”

Lula: “I’ve got to hide the damn thing”

Rosie: “Use it then”

Lula: “I CAN’T”

Rosie: “Tonight”

Lula: “What?”

Rosie: “Use it tonight”

Lula; “You can’t be serious”

Rosie: “Totally serious”

Lula: “You’re insane”

Rosie: “Yes”

Lula: “I’m going now”

Rosie: “See you later ;)”

Lula: “Hmmmmmm”

Lula and Rosie’s families had known each other for years. Both sets of parents were good friends. This year they had organised to finally meet up again for New Year… at Lula’s house.

Lula dropped her phone onto her chest and rubbed her eyes sighing. She took a deep breath and slapped her arms down on her bed. I can’t. I just can’t. It feels good and I bet it feels great wet but I can’t. It’s so… unnatural? Not normal? Will she bring one? She will won’t she… Damn. Do MY parents know about Rosie’s condition? Would Rosie’s parents have told mine years ago? Parents know those sort of things right? Will she wear it here or bring it separately? EVEN if she, we, I, no she, did… Would she keep it on? It’d be obvious? Can’t put them, no, it in my bin? My Mum empties my bin… But I could do it in the morning? That wouldn’t be weird would it? We’ve got snacks and stuff so it’d be like… a New Years thing to empty my own bin? But then I’d always have to do it… Goddamn.

Lula turned on her side and stared out of the window at the other side of her bedroom. It was already dark outside. Her curtains swayed with the crisp air blowing through the crack in her window. The streetlight near the house let off an orange aura. The first wafts of her Dad’s cooking were drifting through the house. Whilst she hadn’t done much over the holidays, Lula felt drained. Ever since Christmas she had spent most of her time thinking about hiding or wearing or using the nappy. As much as she loved Rosie, she really wished she hadn’t gifted it to her. The thought of nearly opening it in front of her parents made her feel sick.

*vrrbbt vrrbbt*

Uh.

Rosie: “Hey bedwetter. My Mum said she’s cool if I bring some drank”

I HATE that she always brings that up when we talk about alcohol.

Lula: “Good luck convincing my parents and don’t call me that”

Rosie: “Okay taxi wetter. She’s already messaged your Mum. She said yeah lol”

Fuck sake.

Lula: “Okay lift wetter. Why though?”

Shit she’s not responding. Did I take it too far? No, fuck that. It was a joke.

Rosie: “That time was different. See you later”

Did I…? Did she…? Ugghh. Obviously still a sore subject.

“So” Lula’s Mum’s voice sounded from behind her door as is was pushed open.

“Rosie’s Mum just texted me”

“I know”

“Oh. You know? You want to drink?” her Mum raised her eyebrows.

“Not really. It’s Rosie’s idea. I didn’t even know until she just…”

“After last time?”

Lula took another deep breath.

I’d literally rather be dead than have my Mum ALSO bring that up every time alcohol is mentioned.

“Mum please”

“I’m just… making sure you know”

“MUM PLEASE”

“Okay, okay. Just don’t go mad yeah? Id rather you drink at home you know”

“I probably won’t”

“Not too much though. We might have some too”

“And you’ll need me to look after you two instead?” Lula joked.

“That was one time”

“Mmhmm” Lula agreed. Her Mum pulled the door closed as she left the room.

If my Mum and Dad and Rosie’s Mum and Dad are drinking then they’ll be occupied? They can be downstairs and we can be up here. No. Why am I trying to make it so I can use it. I mean… if I DO drink a bit then Mum’s almost expecting me to wet? Is that how I do it? NO. She won’t be expecting me to wear a nappy though. Unless that’s the way to explain any leakage? Would it even leak? I need to know. No I don’t. Rosie’s never said if it would. She wouldn’t need to care though with her bed protector thingy. I don’t have that.

*vrrbbt vrrbbt*

Rosie: “Lol you agreed. Cool. We get the parents drunk then we have some fun”

Lula: “Are you planning this?”

Rosie: “Definitely not”

Lula: “Why are you doing this?”

Rosie: “Question”

Lula:” Stop avoiding the question”

Rosie: “Where do you hide it?”

Lula: “You’re avoiding the question”

Rosie: “In your wardrobe?”

Lula: “The question?”

Rosie: “Under all your socks?”

Lula: “Stop”

Rosie: “Under your bed?”

Rosie: “You didn’t reply straight away. Its under your bed”

Fuck. Sake. Stop. It.

Lula: “See you later”

Rosie: “:D”

*137*2020-02-17 21:40

Don’t hate me for being gone for so long >.<

Life and studies and work and sleep. Sorry.

I promise I’ll upload more regularly. However, please excuse my purposeful multiple uploads in an attempt to keep you all interested after my lack of content. xxx

New Years Revelations – Part 2

Lula flinched with anticipation. She was somewhat looking forward to the evening with Rosie and all their parents. She threw off her blanket she had been napping under as she heard the muffled, cheery voices from downstairs.

*thud thud thud thud thud thud*

Stairs.

Lula awkwardly made her bed, kicked some worn clothes to the side of her room and brushed herself down. Her door swung open and Rosie burst into her room.

“Biaaatttchhhh” Rosie screeched as she hopped over Lula’s floor before hugging her. Lula hugged back. Rosie was as cheery as ever. As Rosie pulled away she dropped her backpack to the floor with a soft thud. She tilted her head and smiled. Rosie was wearing a pair of tight blue jeans, faded down the front and ripped slightly at her knees. She had obviously kicked her shoes off downstairs as her toes wiggled underneath her plump, fluffy, purple socks. Her oversized, flamingo pink jumper looked comfortable and snug and rested just over her waist.

“Smells amazing!” Rosie exclaimed, sitting on the edge of Lula’s bed as if se owned the place.

“Yeah, we told him not to do too much but… he is”

“Good. Love your Dad’s food”

Lula smirked.

“Heavy bag?” Lula asked.

“YES!” Rosie almost shouted. She leaned forwards and dragged the bag towards her. Rosie unzipped it and pulled out a four pack of blue WKD. The bottles clanged as she wrested with the cardboard, pulling them from her bag. Lula caught a glimpse of what was underneath the bottles.

Why’d she bring more clothes? Hmm. Huh, please no. Not here.

“Well?” Rosie asked.

“Well what?”

“They’re cold, had them in the fridge, you want one?”

Hmm. What does she actually think is going to happen tonight?

“Now?”

“Yes, now, obviously, God” Rosie pulled a bottle and waved it in front of Lula. Lula was still hesitant.

“Oh come on, Lules. Our parents are on the wine already”

“How are you getting home later then?” Lula asked. Rosie looked confused.

“You didn’t know we were staying?”

“Obviously not”

“Well, we are” Rosie grinned.

That explains the spare clothes. Hmm. Lighten up, Lula.

“Is that okay?” Rosie asked.

“Yeah, I just didn’t know”

Lula grabbed the bottle from Rosie and immediately put it on the side.

“I’ll get a bottle opener, one sec”

“Mmhmm” Rosie agreed.

Lula squeezed between her half open bedroom door and the wall. She could hear her parents with Rosie’s downstairs. She could also hear the clanging of plates meaning the food was being served. Her mouth salivated slightly and smelled stronger as she went downstairs.

“No way!”

“Yes, haha! I know!”

Awwh, that’s crazy”

“Well I wasn’t sure at first but you know”

“Yeah, yeah”

“Every time, mate, happened every time”

“Just bollocks, innit”

Lula caught snippets of conversation between the parents.

This isn’t going to be awkward at all…

She entered the kitchen where, as Rosie said, all the parents were on a selection of red and white wine. A few bottles were scattered across the kitchen surface. Lula noticed her parents’ wine rack was no longer full as it usually was. Huh, that’s always full.

“Loooollaaa!” shouted Rosie’s Mum admirably. She walked over and leaned forwards, gently hugging Lula.

“Hi, Molly” Lula politely replied.

“Hi, Lewis” Lula greeted Rosie’s Dad. He raised his glass and nodded before carrying on the conversation with Lula’s Dad as he prepared the food. Her Dad was clipping some tongs together as he spoke.

“You alright?” her own Mum asked.

“Umm, yeah, was just looking for a…”

Ugggh, shit shit shit.

“… a bottle opener?”

Lula’s Mum smiled from behind the wine glass and nodded, a red dribble leaking down her chin as she smirked.

“Here you go” she said, wiping her mouth. She raised her eyebrows as Lula awkwardly took it, trying to avoid eye contact.

“What?” Lula nervously asked her Mum.

“Nothing” she seemingly lied, “just be good. Careful” she replied. Lula had no idea if Rosie’s parents knew about… well anything. She tried to play it off as if they didn’t.

“Yeah, of course” Lula replied with a shaky voice, giving her Mum a stern look.

As Lula left the kitchen she turned and saw both the Mum’s leaning into each other and giggling.

Shit are they laughing about me? About us drinking? Do they both know about what happened after the party? Oh fuck. Please no. Does my Mum know about Rosie? Do they both know everything?

Lula’s heart began to pound as the idea of both her and Rosie’s pee misadventures were known by all their parents rather than just kept between each of their own. She took a deep breath to compose herself as she clenched the bottle opener hard.

Fuck it, I’ll prove I can drink and not wet. I’ll show them.

Lula suddenly found some confidence and let her shoulders loosen. She was now determined to have a fun evening. She leaped up the stairs and turned on her feet into her room. She palmed open her door and forwards a few steps.

Lula halted. Stunned. She stopped breathing. She felt sick. Her stomach cramped and her chest constricted. She felt a wave of cold fill her up from her head to her toes. She tried to speak but just stammered.

“I mean… I guess I was right” Rosie said softly. Lula couldn’t respond. She felt paralysed. All she could do was grasp the bottle opener tighter. Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck whywhywhywhywhy.

“I never knew about… these though” she said softly again, holding up the double wrapped plastic bag in her hands.

Why did she look. Why the fuck did she look through my stuff. UNDER my bed. Oh fuck. Fucking fuck. Oh fuck.

“Why the fuck are you going through my things” Lula asked abruptly. Her grip on the bottle opener got tighter. Her hand was shaking.

“I didn’t mean… I just guessed, remember, that you had it… there” Rosie tried to explain. She genuinely had no idea she’d find more than the nappy in Lula’s hiding place.

*143*2020-02-21 21:30

New Years Revelations – Part 3

There was a long awkward silence between the girls. Lula wanted to curl up and die. She had been holding her breath for nearly ten seconds. Her eyes were pierced on Rosie.

“Sorry” she muttered, resting the bad down on Lula’s bed. Lula’s eyes started to water. This is everything she wished had never happened. She’d got scared doing things in front of Rosie before but never had she imagined being outed like this. Lula sniffed and unclenched her fists. The bottle opener fell to the carpet as she wiped the tears from her face. She slumped her way over to the window and stared outside.

Silence again.

“Do you… have… like… what I have?” Rosie asked quietly.

Lula didn’t respond.

“Because it’s okay…”

Lula took a deep breath.

“I’ve… w…wet most of my…”

“Stop” snapped Lula. Rosie inhaled sharply.

“Foooooood!!!” a voice yelled from downstairs. Both girls flinched. Lula rubbed her eyes once again.

“Give it here” Lula snapped, turning around, ignoring Rosie, and grabbing the bag from her bed. Rosie shuffled out of Lula’s way and stood up. Lula clambered over her mattress, lifting it up by the wall and stuffing the bag back to where it belonged. She fell crossed-legged onto her bed and put her head in her hands. Rosie stood there for a few seconds feeling both guilty and strangely relieved.

I knew it… I think. She was always… No one would ever… do it… for fun? Rosie thought to herself.

“Can I?” Rosie asked, leaning a knee onto Lula’s bed. Lula didn’t respond.

Rosie leaned forwards again and climbed over next to Lula. She folded her legs and leaned into her friend, sliding her arm underneath Lula’s.

“Sorry” she whispered.

“I didn’t know… but it’s okay…I won’t… ever say anything”

Lula tried to turn away but Rosie wouldn’t’ let her. Rosie could feel the aggressive beating of Lula’s heart against her arm.

“I fucked up” Rosie admitted. Lula scoffed.

“I know, I fucked up and this is all my fault but we can, I don’t know, talk about it? I’ve told you all about… my…”

“I don’t” Lula snapped under her breath.

“… don’t?”

“I don’t have what you have” Lula admitted with gritted teeth.

“Oh”

“I just…” Oooooh fuck fuck fuck fuck.

“I just… “ Lula took a few deep breaths.

“I just… like it” Lula’s shoulders dropped and she took another deep breath. Her back relaxed as her muscles untensed. She felt a wave of relief flood through her body. The pins and needles in her legs felt warm and not just tingly. She leaned her head to the left to rest on Rosie’s.

“FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!” the voice from downstairs shouted again.

Rosie stroked Lula’s hand with her own.

“Knew it” she giggled. Lula was stunned.

“What?”

“I knew it” Rosie claimed again, “why else would you do it all with me?”

“Umm…” Lula didn’t know how to respond. She wiped away the last of the tears from her face.

“It’s okay. I didn’t want to tell you what happened that time at the party, remember? But you were having a shit time so I wanted to make you feel like I was having a worse time… but then you know, it all carried on”

“Mmm” Lula quietly agreed.

“Come on, food?” Rosie nudged. Lula nodded.

Both sets of parents were already cheerily tipsy. A custom playlist of 70’s and 80’s music was filling living room. A delicious display of finger food was laid out across the coffee table and on plates across the bottom of the fireplace. In the centre of the table was a large serving dish with thick, plump slices of juicy, smoked gammon. The meat was decorated with a brown sugar and honey glaze. Steam was gently rising from the serving tray. With a selection of foods piled on their plates the girls retreated back to Lula’s bedroom. Faint chatter and laughing could be heard from downstairs until they closed the bedroom door. They picked at the food for the first few minutes in silence.

“Wait” Lula exclaimed. Rosie looked up from her plate.

“You’ve stayed here loads of times and never…”

“Because… it used to be a problem… then I knew what it was… then I learned how to… not do it… and thennnn… liked it.. too” Rosie admitted, picking at her plate.

“…So we both?”

Rosie shrugged.

“Apparently so” she agreed.

I knew it. I fucking knew it. Fuck. Shit. Wow. She actually likes it. She knows… I like it. What now? Just be normal like nothing’s happened? Can we do that? Is that possible now? Everything will be awkward. Hmm.

“So what now?” Lula asked.

“What do you mean?”

“Well… is this not awkward?”

“…No?”

“No?”

“No… why would it be?”

“Because… we… you found…”

“Fucking so? After what we’ve done? We’ve both… seen each other…”

“I guess”

“Nothing’s changed, Lule’s, we just both… both know now” Rosie awkwardly smiled. Lula managed a smile back.

“So for my next trick…” Rosie said.

“Hmm?” Lula murmured.

“You’ve not used your… and I brought a few… bits, in case… you know…” Lula’s mouth almost dropped open.

“Too soon?” Rosie asked. Lula shook her head then closed her eyes.

“I don’t… know if I can tonight? Our parents…”

“Will be drunk very soon. As long as we show our face at midnight they’ll be downstairs I’m sure” Lula knew this was one hundred percent true. She sighed.

“I…”

“You…?”

“I… want to”

“Saame” added Rosie.

“Wait. Wait, wait, wait. This definitely feels weird like we’re planning it now?”

“Like I said at least we know now… so that makes it less awkward… surely?”

“I don’t know yet” admitted Lula.

“Well we both have a nappy… and it’s your house so you have spare clothes and I brought some too…”

“Yeah I know but I do stuff in the bathroom… it’ll be weird if they see or hear us keep going in”

Rosie took a breath then leaned over and grabbed her bag, dragging it across the floor. She unzipped it and rummaged towards the bottom before pulling out a waterproof mattress cover.

“Why the fuck did you bring that?” Rosie shrugged.

“You never know”

“No. No. Not on my bed, no way”

“Okay… well it’s still waterproof so we could put it like.. on the floor?”

“Wha…” Lula didn’t know how to respond.

“Why are you so prepared?”

“You never know, right?” answered Rosie. She put up a finger then reached for the four pack of bottles.

“Right okay, the moment we open these we aren’t allowed to use the toilet. First one to… wet… loses?”

Lula was secretly excited about the idea.

“Umm… sure?”

“Yessss” Rosie exclaimed, reaching for the bottle opener Lula had dropped earlier. She popped the cap off two bottles and handed one to Lula.

“Only a full wet is a loss. Anything to ease the pressure is okay”

“What do you mean?” Lula asked, holding the bottle in her hand from the top, swinging it round.

“Like… dribbling or relieving pressure is fine, like this”

“Like what?”

Rosie shifted her position on the floor so her body was now facing Lula and opened her legs slightly. She opened and closed her legs a few times. Lula could make out the shape of her crotch as she closed her legs. After a while Rosie looked down and a dark, wet patch spread across the crotch of her light blue jeans. The wet spot grew slightly between her thighs before she closed her legs tight and giggled.

“That’s fine!” she said.

“Not on the floor…” Lula exclaimed.

“Well lets put the sheet down, come on”

The girls shifted the food and other bits that were spread across the floor. As they moved around Lula couldn’t help but keep looking at the newly formed pee stain on Rosie’s jeans. She hated admitting to herself that she was feeling excited. The fact Rosie now knew everything was relieving.

With the sheet spread across the floor the girls sat back down on it.

“Don’t worry about getting it wet… or with food or anything. I’ve got loads at home”

“Right”

“So, wanna play?” Rosie asked, sat crossed legged with the wet spot evident facing Lula, holding her bottle out.

Lula hesitated but not for long.

“Sure”

They tapped glasses and began to drink.

