Fall from grace

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-12-02 06:34

This is the prologue to this story, it basically just introduces you to the character. Alexis Yates is a fallen angel reborn as a mortal; however in the next chapter she will accidently regain her "grace". That doesn't necessarily mean she will become a "good" angel though;)

From a distance, she was nothing more than a jet of light, hurtling through the cold vacuum of space. Within proximity of her near annihilating presence you could make out the figure of an angel, a literal angel. She was beautiful, even as she defied the theory of relativity and shot through space like a bullet, moving at several light-years a minute. Her hair and raven like wings dangled upwards around her. It felt like wind was whipping at her body but in reality it was her “Grace” being torn from her “fallen” body during her descent from grace. Her eyes grew dim as they gazed up at the stars.

Eventually she cut through the Earth’s atmosphere. The air around her began to heat up and her body began to shrink as if her body was being burned away in the entry. Rather than revolve around the planet as she entered its orbit her body plummeted in a direct plummet towards a field in Northern Illinois. Upon impact she became nothing more than an infant, helplessly lying in the crater she had created. Within seconds of impact she lost consciousness of who she was, what she was. In that moment she had become the infant she resembled, unaware of the world, ignorant to any form of knowledge, she was devoid of maturity, reasoning and purpose.

Sixteen years Later

Alexis Yates was the perfect specimen. At age sixteen she was at peak physical condition, with the endurance, strength and speed of an Olympic athlete. Beyond that she was at the top of her class and had already had a hefty amount of college credits lined up for her. In fact she was practically guaranteed a full scholarship to any Ivy League college of her choice. The icing on the cake; however, was her breathtaking, natural beauty. Long brown hair, that looked red in a certain light, fell past her shoulders. Long, silky legs accounted for her 5’9 height. Despite her strength her toned arms were surprisingly slender as they led to her soft hands with French nails. Ample breasts and butt gave voluptuous curves to her otherwise slender build. Ruby red lipstick and the faintest trace of black mascara were the only trace of make-up on her porcelain face.

Almond brown eyes pleaded with the clock to move faster. From beneath the yellow short sleeved mini-dress/uniform and white mini-apron Lexi’s bladder was begging to void itself. She crossed her legs, one leg making a flamingo like motion almost. For the moment she was allowed to hide behind the counter, eventually, however, a customer would enter and she would be forced to regain her composure and greet said customer.

Of course a group of customers entered the small diner sooner, rather than later. She bit the inside of her lip lightly and slowly uncrossed her legs. She grabbed her pen and pad before slowly shuffling towards the booth they took a seat in. Her black converse sneakers barely left the tile floor and between each step her thighs pressed tightly against each other. She forced a convincing smile as the group of people noticed her presence.

“Hello, my name is Lexi, and I will be taking your order today. Would you like to start with something to drink?” She barely focused on their replies, just managing to jot down their desired beverages before scampering off to the counter. She quickly pulled out four glasses and crossed her legs tightly. She filled each glass with the desired soft drinks; the liquids pouring from the dispensers as they splashed into the containers were killer on her bladder. She pressed her hand against her lap, adding pressure to her urethra.

Finally as the last glass was filled to a reasonable level she set them on a tray, delicately uncrossed her legs and began her slow gait towards the four friends. She made sure her pace was graceful, so not as too drop the drinks. Unfortunately, she had to forfeit her control over her bladder and had only her sphincter muscles to clench down and keep herself dry. She felt a spurt find itself into her panties. She froze. The warmth spread as the urine seeped into the underwear. With a blush on her face she regained her composure and kept walking as another spurt threatened to release itself.

She set the tray down on a free table and quickly distributed the drinks wanting to desperately get back to holding herself. “Do you want more time to order?” She asked sweetly.

“Yes, please.” They said gratefully. She nodded with a smile and took up the tray, slowly heading back to her post behind the counter. Another spurt moistened her panties further, despite her efforts to keep her urine contained. She grit her teeth and picked up the pace as she took refuge behind the counter. She trembled as both hands found themselves pressed tightly into her crotch.

Five minutes passed before she deciding to go back and check up on the table. “Are you ready to order?” She asked politely.

“As a matter of fact we are.”

“Ok, go on.” She smiled, though she found herself tapping her foot in order to keep from soaking herself then and there. As she jotted down their orders a third spurt soaked her panties. She blushed but didn’t bring attention to herself. Two orders down, two to go. She thought to herself. She curled her toes halfway through the third order and pressed her thighs together. Finally the last of the friends began to recite his order. Another spurt was released. A few drops of urine slowly descended down her thigh, sparkling in the light. Thankfully they went unnoticed as she finished the order and dashed to the counter. She placed the pad on the wheel and spun it around the kitchen before taking a seat on the stool.

She crossed her legs at the ankle, knowing to do so further up while sitting down would jostle the bladder. She sat up, at a relaxed postured, placed both hands in her lap and nonchalantly added pressure to her crotch. Fortunately, while the urine from her panties soaked through the dress the apron hid the small stain. She tried to be discreet with her desperation but eventually found herself scissoring her legs. Tears began to brim in her eyes as she trembled trying to contain herself.

“Order up!” The announcement very nearly ended up with her soaking herself.

She quickly went to the window to find the head chef/manager.

“Hey, listen. It’s a slow day, so after you deliver this order why don’t you take a ten minute break?”

“Thank you.” Lexi blurted out as she grabbed the tray of food and navigated her way to the booth. She didn’t even try to hide her desperation. Her legs were pressed tightly together and her feet were spread as she shuffled her way over to the table. She set down the tray and began to sort the food as urine started to dribble out. Her urethra prickled before hot pee began to trickle down her thigh. Beads of urine descended in plain sight, glistening against her skin. She didn’t draw any attention to the sight as she distributed the food. A leak of urine was visible just as she set the final plate of food down. The small stream was noticeable as is cascaded down her leg. She blushed but said nothing as she turned and tried to run to the bathroom.

She froze a few after only a few steps. Her legs pressed against each other tightly, her knees bent and she doubled over, tucking both hands against her skirt, her toes curled up and her eyes tightened shut. It was futile. Hot pee began to pour from her urethra, soaking her butt and the back of the skirt as streams began to gush down her legs. Pee began to fall from her skirt, drizzling on the ground as it formed a puddle. A dark glistening wet patch managed to show through the apron where she held herself and her own hands were soaked with the hot pee. Golden rivulets raced down her calves and into her shoes. The stream finally died down to a dribble and she felt to her knees and cried.

Her hands pressed against the ground , sending ripples in the puddle of pee. Drops of urine still trickled off her legs and added to the puddle. Even her tears contributed. Finally the manager helped her to her feet. Streams of urine fell from her legs as he led her to the door.

“Take the rest of the day off.” He said gingerly. She nodded and left the diner, utterly humiliated.

Tune in next installment for her finding her "grace". Anyway... please leave your criticism, suggestions and comments below:)

*002*2012-12-02 07:34

{{: 

You know, I was pretty tired but I thought "what the hell, lets check the website again" and I went to fiction.. Saw a new story so I thought I'll wait until tomorrow.

Then I saw your name and figured I better read it now.. It'll be enjoyable.

Well enjoyable it was!! Great start! Can't wait for it to continue

}}

Wow! Thanks, that really made me smile. I'm glad you liked it :)

*004*2012-12-04 00:23

{{: 

Omg IM in love with this already!

}}

Thanks, I am seriously glad you like it:)

*006*2012-12-04 00:46

{{: 

You never fail to deliver a good story!

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you think that:)

*008*2012-12-07 03:31

{{: 

Not to rush things but when can we see more?

}}

Well I won't be able to work on it till next week. I am currently participating in a community play hosted by my old high school drama department.

*010*2012-12-07 04:31

{{: 

Terrible excuse!!! Freakin slacker!!

Haha I'm jk! That's cool man! I was just curious!

Have fun

}}

I know, I should put this story first! I was actually freaking for a while after I posted this chapter because I realized a huge plot hole in the plot I had planned. Fortunately I came up with a solution and sunday evening I will begin the first real chapter of this story:)

*012*2012-12-10 01:07

{{: 

Great so far, i can't wait to see part 2, meow

}}

Thanks, it means a lot. But It may not go up till next weekend, due to conflict with the plot. D;

*015*2012-12-10 21:57

{{: 

Sounds like Maximum Ride....if James Patterson were an omo-fan.

}}

I've never actually read a Maximum Ride book, are they any good?

{{: 

Bro, take your time. You always deliver a great piece of story so take all the time you need!

}}

Thanks, I'm glad you think so:)

*017*2012-12-13 04:01

{{: 

I loved the Maximum Ride books, I stopped after the third book tho, I'm not really sure why, I know he wrote more though

}}

What were they about?

*018*2012-12-16 05:10

In light of recent events I feel uncomfortable about continuing this story... so unfortunately I will have to add this story to my collection of half-finished stories. I apologize to anyone who was looking forward to reading this.

*020*2012-12-16 17:44

{{: 

I think I can speak for everyone that its quite alright. I think no matter who you are.. The recent events shook us deeply so it's understandable

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you understand.

