An Unexpected Visitor

Author: Mr_Omorashi

*000*2012-07-26 04:26

Umm hello I'm not a writer at all but I jut got a sudden urge to write down one of my many fantasies here. It won't be a series as the general story will only last around 5 mins. If anyone is disappointed, just tell me. Also don't expect much writing from me as this was just a spur of the moment thing. Anyway, enough chit-chat and here goes...

~ ~ ~

"Ping!" John turned quickly turned around at the so familiar yet unexpected sound of the toaster popping. He had woken up around 10 minutes earlier so he wasn't too alert. He started preparing his favourite breakfast -eggs and toast- and smiled when he remembered suddenly why he wasn't at college today. Usually he would be in class, listening to the droning voice of the boring professor who regularly teaches his English class. But today was the first day of the mid-term break and since it was only his second year of college, and his first time living on his own, he realised he could really enjoy the long-needed break.

John had dropped out of high school and gone to college at an early age of 17 to study computing. His high school hadn't offered the right course for him so, with a lot of complaints from his family who wanted him to embrace high school, he decided to drop it anyway and find himself a better career.

5 minutes later, he was staring at an empty plate with a feeling of satisfaction settling into his stomach. He was falling asleep when he was abruptly awoken by a knock on the door. He got up and started slowly walking with a loud yawn towards the entrance of his small home.

"Who in their right mind would visit at this ti-".

He broke off with a smirk, realising it was past 12pm. He opened the door to see a brunette girl. He was sure he had seen this girl before but he couldn't remember where.

"Umm hi?", she said politely, wondering why he had answered the door and then seemed to get lost in thought almost immediately.

"Oh, sorry.", John said. "I've just woken up you see..." He trailed off, noticing for the first time that the girl was bent slightly in an awkward position with her hands pressing against her crotch.

"Uhh my name is Jessie remember? From college?", She asked.

The name clicked in John's head as he remembered who she was. She was just someone he knew who was in his classes sometimes. They didn't talk often, rather a quick exchange of smiles in the corridors as most students do.

She was dressed in a rather revealing top, uncovering her large breasts to him, making him slightly nervous. On her bottom half, she wore black leggings which made her curves stand out. The leggings were cut off near her calves, revealing her feet and no socks.

"Oh yeah, hi Jesse. Sorry, can you explain why you're here?" John asked this even though he could clearly tell her predicament. But, given his fetish for wetting and desperation, he decided to let it play out and see what happens.

"Ummm, I was kinda wondering if I could use your bathroom? I was walking by and noticed you in the window and I don't know who else to turn to."

John now knew tht her situation was bad enough to approach a random persons house, and ask to use their bathroom. However, he didn't want to waste such an opportunity.

"Well the thing is, my bathroom isn't working right now, I've had the plumbers in working on it recently.", He lied.

"Oh are you sure?", She asked desperately.

"Well I could see if it's any good to use..."

"Ok do that then!" Her voice was wavering, John knew she was close.

"Ok. I'll be right back." He walked through to his bathroom, extra slowly, to 'check' on it. He knew here was nothing wrong with it but, he didn't know this girl so he decided to have fun.

"Please hurry!", She pleaded.

He returned, slowly shaking his head.

"I'm sorry. There's nothing I can do.", He lied again.

"Oooohhhhhhh..." She moaned quite loudly. A small jet of urine pass into her panties.

"Isn't there anywhere else you can go?", John asked, secretly hoping she would say no.

"We'll yes but I'll never make it. I don't know what to do!" She started sobbing quietly as another jet of urine escaped into her panties, lasting about half second this time.

John opened his mouth to make another suggestion when he heard a loud hissing. He looked around, thinking it came from his house but suddenly realised Jesse was wetting herself.

Her tears dripped from the end of her nose as she tried her hardest to stem the flow which was gushing into her white cotton panties that were now clearly visible through her leggings. After about a minute, she looked up awkwardly and John just stared in shock.

She started crying again.

"Uhh do you want me to wash your clothes? I can't imagine you being comfortable walking home like that..."

She pondered on the question and then suddenly decided she couldn't possibly walk home in her current state, as John said.

"Su-sure." She stuttered. "B-but I don't have anything to wear while my clothes are washing..."

However, John had already thought this through.

"Don't worry. I'll give you towels to cover yourself with, if that's ok with you?"

Her face lit up with the solution. "Sounds great." She gave him her clothes and wrapped the towel around her body.

They sat in his living area awkwardly making small talk to pass the time, although it didn't seem long because John kept getting lost in staring at her beautiful, almost naked body. He didn't know why but he was sure she had noticed his staring but must have decided against saying anything.

As John went to get her clothes from the dryer, she followed him and he wasn't sure why. However, when they reached his kitchen, she turned him around and pulled him into a deep kiss. She smiled and took her clothes, walking into his room to put them on. John was left in shock. A good kind of shock.

When she got back, he accompanied her to his door and once again kissed him fully on the lips and thus time he responded by kissing back. She pulled away then walked from his house, turning only once to say, in her seductive voice: "See you on Monday."

She walked off with a smile and John watched her. He was puzzled as to what had just happened. He was very sure though, that it wasn't the last of it. He turned his TV on and quickly fell asleep on the sofa, venturing into wild new dreams involving his newly found fantasy subject Jesse.

###

Ok that took around one hour to write and is probably the most creative thing I've written which is saying something because I have no imagination. Let me make it clear that most of that story was only thought up as I went along. The only part where I had an idea was when she wet because it's one of my fantasies. Anyway I hope at least one person even remotely enjoyed it and it's 5am so I think I'll get some sleep. :p

Criticism and feedback is welcome.

*002*2012-07-29 02:23

Thanks!

