Fanfiction Requests Again (Limited Slots)

Author: Zapp Renfro

*000*2015-06-29 20:24

Like last time, I am offering some free fanfiction requests. They follow the same rules as my commissions, but just keep in mind that I am ONLY offering oneshots. That means the story will be approximately 1,000 words. No negotiating on word count, sorry.

Once the slots are filled, I will not be offering any more for a while, so first come, first serve! But remember, my omorashi oneshots are only five dollars, or you can have one if you write a story for me or draw a picture for me. So, if you're not lucky enough to get here before the slots fill, there are still options.

My fandom list is on my commission page here: http://xcaligula.deviantart.com/journal/Nerdy-Keychains-Fanfiction-Commissions-509366459http://xcaligula.deviantart.com/journal/Nerdy-Keychains-Fanfiction-Commissions-509366459

Slots:

1. Jimmy Olsen

2. Free

3. Free

Right now I'm only doing three slots, but we'll see how many requests I get on tumblr. I might open two more slots, but I don't yet know.

*002*2015-06-30 18:30

{{:

That link isn't working.

}}

%http://fav.me/d8f9hob

Try that instead

{{:

Is the last slot still available?

}}

Honestly, you've been such a loyal customer, you don't need to bother with a slot here, you can just have a free request normally. I keep meaning to offer you one as a "frequent flier" sort of deal.

*004*2015-07-08 01:43

{{:

As mentioned in the other thread I'd like to see something between both Dawn and Serena from pokemon. As for what I'd like to see happen maybe just a friendly meet and greet where they both meet up for the first time. Like before hand Ash introduced them to each other and they became friends. Only this time they decided to meet up and hang out for the afternoon.

}}

Alright! Second slot has been filled.

*007*2015-07-22 14:22

{{:

A small question how do we know when the stories that we have requested are being worked upon?

}}

I have a huge backlog right now so I haven't started on any of these yet

