Caught up short (H/D)

Author: Silence

*000*2012-06-20 03:48

Hey guys! I'm new here, and this is my first time posting fanfiction. Just because there is never enough H/D for my taste!

So, even though I secretly wish for everyone to go easy on me, I will be more than glad to take any constructive criticism and advice that you might be able to give me!

Also, this story hasn't been beta'ed... Is anyone there willing to help me?

I couldn't think about a good enough title... I guess this is the first thing I will have to work harder on for next time...

Enough with the talk, here goes!

###

Car Talk

“Harry?”

“Yeah?”

“Say... with all this traffic, how much longer do you suppose it will be until we get home?”

“Hm… Dunno. Half an hour, maybe?”

“I see.”

“Why are you asking Dray? Are you alright?”

“Yeah, sure. It’s just… there seems to be a lot of traffic tonight.”

“I think it must be an accident or something…”

“Oh. You think so?”

“I guess. Why else would it be so slow?”

Draco didn’t reply. They were going home from Ron and Hermione’s place. They would usually have gone by floo, but the day had been warm and beautiful, and the drive was not too long, so they had decided to go for a ride.

The visit had been short, just for tea, as Hermione’s youngest had been born not a week ago, and had been giving her parents a lot of trouble. Still, Ron had insisted, saying that they were never too tired for a visit from Harry, so they had complied. Draco had spent most of the visit playing with 2 year-old Hugo and wolfing down biscuits and tea on the short breaks he would get from their adventures, as Harry talked with his best friends. Draco loved playing with the boy. He never thought before that he would be the type to like children. But from the first look he got at the boy, he was in love. He seemed so cute and innocent, and Draco loved him for it. He wanted to make sure the boy had a happy and carefree childhood, one that was denied to Harry, and to himself. So he took care of the older baby, and Harry could spend his time cooing at the younger one. It had surely been a pleasant visit.

But then, on the way home, they had hit the most terrible traffic jam to ever grace London’s streets, and what was supposed to be a 40 minute journey had already stretched to an hour. And now Harry said they would probably take another half hour to get home… Harry should know, he is the one who drives and understand muggle roads and traffic. Draco, as usual, was just going along for the ride.

Draco crossed his legs discreetly. He really wished they would get home soon. He had already begun to regret all the cups of tea twenty minutes into their trip. Now forty minutes later, he really wished he hadn’t had any tea at all.

“Dray?”

“Yeah?”

“Are you sure you’re all right? You seem to be a little uncomfortable.”

“It’s nothing Harry.”

“Come on, don’t be daft. Just tell me.”

“Well… I might have drunk a little bit too much tea at Hermione’s…”

“Oh, so you gotta pee?”

“Hum… yeah, a little.”

Truth to be told, he was bursting. But talking about this kind of thing still made him a little embarrassed, even with Harry. Harry who he loved and had been happily living with for almost four years. Harry who never seemed ashamed of anything in front of Draco, and who kept telling him that he shouldn’t be either. Harry who watched as Draco pissed in the toilet almost every morning, showing how much they were comfortable around each other. Harry who laughed at him and could read him all too well.

“Ha! The way you’re tensing, I’d say you gotta go worse than just a little.”

“So what? It’s not like there’s anywhere I can go until we get home!”

Harry stopped laughing at Draco’s defensive tone.

“Sorry. Is it very bad?”

Draco crossed his legs tighter.

“I’ve been seriously desperate for the past half hour. I really wish we could get home soon.”

“Love, if you have to go so bad, just go outside and pee against a wall or something.”

“Are you crazy? As if I could ever be seen peeing in public! I would never do that!”

“Okay, okay. What about transfiguring something into a bottle or urinol so you can pee in it?”

Draco bit his lip.

“I want to, but I’m still afraid someone will see me from the window or something.”

“Isn’t it better than going in your pants?”

“Harry! I would never wet my pants! That would be just gross!”

“Oh come on, don’t tell me you never had an accident! And it’s really not a big deal love. It’s okay if you can’t hold it anymore. I know how difficult it is to hold it when you’ve drunk a lot of tea.”

“Harry… can we just stop talking about peeing? It’s really not helping. Help distract me by talking about something else.”

“Okay. So, what did you think of little Rose?”

“She was delightful! I hope we can stay longer next time we visit so I can hold her for a while. I think Hermione’s still in that phase where she can’t really let go of her baby!”

“Yeah, I thought so too. I want to hold her as well. Or maybe… Draco, what do you think of us starting our own family?”

“Oh, do you want to have kids already Harry?”

“I don’t know. I am happy sharing my life with only you, but when we visit Ron and Hermione… I ache with wanting my own family.”

“Yeah… I actually feel like that, too. I love taking care of Hugo, and I would love for us to have our own. Even seeing how tired both Ron and Hermione looked, I would take a look at Rose and I couldn’t help but wish she was mine…”

“Oh, love! I know you love the kids! Do you want to be the one to carry them?”

“I think so. I just want so much to have that same connection Hermione seems to have to a baby! I want to hold our baby, and feed it, and take care of it night and day…”

“What about your job?”

“Maybe I’ll retire from the ministry and go back to potion making. A political position is all my father would have wanted for me, but even though I enjoy it, I really miss potions and doing research. I guess I am actually a scholar, not a politician, no matter how much my father wanted to train that out of me…”

Draco’s father had always thought that studying was something necessary for passing classes, but anything more than the necessary was a waste of time. So whenever he caught Draco doing extra studies or research, he would get really mad and Draco would have to suffer through his temper. Only he knew how bad that used to be.

“Let’s not think about your father love. He is not here anymore, and if what you want to do is research, I will support you every step of the way.”

“Thank you, love. I want to do family planning with you, but I’m not sure I can concentrate anymore.”

“What?”

“Oh, Harry, I need to pee so much! I wonder if this kind of thing will happen a lot when I get pregnant…”

Harry had almost forgotten about his lover’s need, but obviously the blond hadn’t. Little more than 5 minutes had passed, and they had barely moved. Maybe they would take even longer than half an hour to get home. Harry wondered if his lover would actually be able to hold until they got home. If he had actually said something, this meant he probably had to go really badly, or he would just have held in silence.

“Draco, are you sure you don’t want to transfigure something? We have barely moved…”

“I want to Harry, but what should we use?”

“One of your shoes maybe?”

“What! Of course not! We would never be able to change it back perfectly, and these are very expensive Italian shoes!”

“Well, I can’t take mine off because I’m driving!”

“Well, what else can we use?”

Just then an especially strong wave of desperation hit Draco, and his bladder clenched painfully. He groaned as reflexively his hands shot to clutch his groin and to try and keep the pee from escaping.

“Draco, are you alright?”

The blond was slightly bouncing on his seat by now.

“Shit! Harry! What should we use? I have to go, now!”

“Oh, love! Is there anything on the glove box?”

“Only the car documents!”

There was absolutely nothing on the car. They almost never used it, preferring the wizard’s methods of transportation, so they didn’t even have a trash bag inside it. Draco tried holding a little longer, he clutched his stomach and crossed and uncrossed his legs, but not another five minutes had gone by before Draco’s bladder seemed to be sending an ultimatum: he either had to pee immediately, or he would no longer have a choice in the matter. He opened his pants to give his bladder a little more room to expand. It worked well for another five minutes, but time was definitely running out.

“Urgh, Harry! I have to go! I have to pee now!”

“Love, just do it! It’s okay.”

“I can’t Harry! I can’t just wet myself like it’s nothing! My father would kill me if he saw something like that!”

Harry felt something tugging at his heart at that confession. He hurt for his lover, for what he had gone through at the hands of his father. He wanted to comfort him now, to say that everything was going to be okay. He figured the best way at the moment would be by finding a way for his lover to relieve his bladder.

"I know. Let me conjure something from home."

Harry concentrated a bit, and a second later there was a small bucket on the floor at Draco's feet. The blond wasted not a second to get it from the floor, shove it between his thighs to be kept in place and lower his pants. He took his soft penis out with trembling hands, but steadily aiming it at the bucket. A small drop appeared at the head of his cock, glistening gold. But then a minute passed and then another, and there were no more drops coming.

"Draco, are you alright? You're not going..."

"I don't know what's wrong Harry!"

Draco felt like crying. He desperately had to go, sweet relief was just in front of him, but still he couldn't relax his muscles enough to go. He kept remembering his childhood, his father yelling at him when he was as young as three whenever he had been asked to hold too long for a small child and had an accident in front of other people. His father was always especially angry whenever there was people to see Draco behaving improperly.

"Harry, I think it's because there is too much people around. I'm getting nervous, and I can't stop thinking that it's improper to pee somewhere that is not a toilet."

Harry bit his lip. Draco didn't have to say anything for him to know that he was thinking about his father, and what would he do to Draco if he saw him wetting inside a car, where any of the muggles around could see it, nevermind they weren't looking. Draco shoved his cock back inside his clothes, but didn't put the bucket down as if hoping he would still find a way to overcome his nerves and just let go.

"Dray, look at me."

"What, Harry?"

"It doesn't matter if people out there see you. Peeing in the car when you're desperate doesn't make you any less perfect than you were before. Just think it's only you and me. You never have a problem wetting in front of me, do you?"

"I know that Harry."

"But I think you needed to hear that anyway."

Draco blushed. His bladder was starting to hurt really bad now, and he really wanted to not care about anything else in the world and just go. His body was screaming for it, and yet this same body was preventing it. He kept squirming in his seat, helpless.

Harry had been looking at his lover, who seemed to be having conflicted emotions. Just as Draco was desperate, Harry himself was desperate with the need to help his lover. And still he couldn't help but be a little bit turned on by the vulnerability his lover was showing. He was showing it to only him, as he always did. This spoke to him of a trust so beautiful he wanted to be the only person Draco looked at for the rest of their lives. He decided to try something. He wasn't sure what Draco would think of what he was about to do, but he had to try and help his lover somehow. So he took his left hand from the wheel and moved it over to his lover's side. He gently caressed his lover's cheek, just the whisper of a touch. And then he let his hand scoot lower, until he had his lover's cock in a gentle but firm grip.

Draco almost jumped from his seat.

"Love, what are you doing?"

The feeling of his lover's hand on his cock when he was so desperate was weird. It made him feel aroused just as always, and he could feel his shaft hardening slightly. But it also sent a signal straight to his bladder and made the situation that much worse than before.

"Draco, I want to help you relax, so you can let go. You look like you're in a lot of pain, so I think you should pee before you hurt something. Let me help you."

"Are you sure this is going to help Harry? Your hand there makes me even more desperate!"

"Do you feel like you might be able to go right now?"

"Hnn... No?"

"Well then. Maybe coming might help."

Harry started moving his hand, up and down. He felt his lover harden, and make small pained noises. Even though he knew his lover was probably in agony at the moment, he honestly thought that it could help. So he kept going, wanking his lover in the car, in almost plain view of anyone. Only then did he think to cast a notice-me-not charm on them.

Draco never noticed any of it. His attention was all turned inwards, to the feelings he was experiencing. He felt incredibly turned on, and yet he couldn't make out if he needed to come or to pee first. Preferably, both at the same time, though he knew that was impossible. He felt like he was exploding. His bladder twitched, and he felt goosebumps running up his back.

Harry sped up, feeling his lover's body tense. Draco had his eyes closed, and he was moaning loudly by now. He seemed to be getting close. With just a few more hard thrusts, Draco was coming. He shot his load hard, his semen even getting on the window pane in front of him. And then, one second later, all the muscles on the blond's body seemed to unravel. pee shot up, and as Draco was still a little hard, the liquid made an arch over his crotch, with little amounts of the pee getting into the bucket that somehow was still between his thighs, and most of it getting just anywhere. The stream was really strong, there was pee hitting just as far as the semen had reached. Which meant that some of it was actually hitting the window in front of them, after which it would pour onto the car's panel and onto the floor.

"Shit! Harry! Help me, I can't stop peeing!"

Harry had been mesmerized by the sight in front of him. It was a good thing that the traffic wasn't moving, because he would never have been able to keep driving. At Draco's plea, he came back to himself with a start, and aimed his lover's cock, still in his hand and still mostly hard, so the stream would mostly go into the bucket. Draco just kept peeing. He seemed frozen to his spot. With his hands covering his eyes, and his cheeks flushed. His stream continued strong for more than a minute, after which it started slowing down, until there was only a weak stream coming out. Suddenly, Draco's body seemed to tense again, and he was coming a second time in just under two minutes. He shouted with the pleasure, and when he was done, all that could be heard was the blond's panting breath.

Harry was blown away. He had never seen anything so erotic in his life. He felt his own erection straining against his clothes, and quickly let go of the hand holding Draco's cock to adjust himself in his trousers.

"Wow! I guess that is what 'orgasmic relief' really means!"

This seemed to unfreeze Draco, who suddenly seemed to become aware of what had happened. He was drenched in pee. So was the car, and Harry's hand. He had peed on the window, and there was a bucket half-full of pee between his thighs. The strong smell of urine was everywhere, making it difficult to breath.

"Oh my god Harry! What have I done?"

"Shush love. You really had to go. I am not surprised, with the amount of pee you just let out. Are you not feeling better now?"

Draco had put the bucket on the floor, and had both hands covering his face once more. Still, he nodded.

"So there. No harm done. And you even got two orgasms for that!"

"Harry, are the muggles laughing at me?"

"What? Oh, no, love! No one saw anything. I put a Notice-me-not on us!"

"Really? So no one saw anything?"

"Nope. Just me."

"I guess... I guess I can live with that."

Draco looked up, straight into Harry's eyes. He saw a little bit of embarrassment there, but more than that, he saw a lot of love and trust.

"Good. Draco, I am going to dry the window, the panel and the floor, but is it okay if I leave you wet a little bit longer?"

"Huh? Why?"

"I want to be able to see you wet like that while you wank me."

Draco laughed.

"Enjoyed my little show, did you?"

"Oh god, yes! Can I get you some more tea now?"

"Hmm... Will you fuck me this time? When I am squirming with the need to pee again?"

"Oh, fuck! I will, as many times as you want!"

"Okay... I think it could be fun. But can we not wait until my bladder is hurting so much? I think it could feel really good for me, then."

"Of course love! I don't want you to be in any pain."

"Great! We're set. But I guess we're going to have to wait until we get home for that. I don't want to give any free shows."

"Just for me?"

"Just for you. Anything for you. Even having such an embarrassing accident and sitting here drenched in my own pee."

"I could never ask for more. Or maybe... on second thought, there is one sight that I bet will turn me on even more than watching you desperate to pee again."

"What?"

"It would be seeing you desperate to pee, and knowing that you have to go so bad because of our baby growing inside of you."

"Oh, Harry! I think we will have to keep the bucket permanently on the car from now on."

*002*2012-06-21 12:05

Hey! Thank you for replying!! And don't worry, you didn't offend me!

I was really happy about your comment! I guess it's kinda silly to ask people to go esay on me, but while I have no problems writing fiction from time to time, I get really nervous about posting. I feel too exposed I guess =P But I really can't improve all by myself, so I'll just have to learn and live with my anxiety. Anyway, this was the first time someone read something I wrote and left a comment, so I guess I'm a little less worried now!

About your first comment about the spacing, I thought that maybe it would be better to leave more spacing, but because this really is mostly dialog, it seemed to make the text look too long =P But this way it really is a little bit hard to read, so I think this is something I should definitely change.

I get what you are saying about the only dialog thing. This actually started as an experiment, because I thought my dialog writing needed some work. And I guess that since it wasn't my strong point from the start, it would be very difficult to make it work like this... I will reread it and think very carefully about it. I was thinking about atmosphere, and how would it feel if there was almost none of it left in the text itself, so it would mostly be about the reader. But since even though I'm not writing it, I am thinking about the text with an atmosphere, it is difficult for me to tell where it becomes too bare. Still, these were not things I was completely conscious about, so I will review with these thoughts on my mind.

About the pregnancy part... I kinda really forgot this is not hexfiles or somewhere alike for a second! There was a h/d mpreg fest going on somewhere else, so I read a lot of it for a while xD I forgot this is not actually something so natural as it was starting to feel like. I should at least put a warning or something, but given the context I might just change this part.

Thanks for the offer about the beta-reading. If you have any free time I would be happy if you could do it, even if you think your english is not perfect either. I actually think I might try posting again soon, so please read it again if I do!

*006*2012-06-24 23:23

Hey guys! Thanks for the comments! They made me really happy, and I already have a sequel of sorts in mind. Still, I've got exams this week, so maybe it'll be a little while until I actually write it...

{{: 

I've never beta'd a story before, but I assume it just means editing? I'd be happy to look over the stories if you need someone to read/edit before you post.

}}

Thanks for the offer! Is it alright if I send you a message next time I finish a story? I'll try really hard to get something done this week!

