The Accidental 24-Hour Hold

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2016-02-14 22:03

12:01am, Tuesday 11th February

Alice sighed as she felt her bladder let go, sat alone in her en-suite bathroom. There was something Alice always found reasonably therapeutic about using the toilet, with just her, the trickling sound of her pee hitting the bowl, and the sweet feeling of relief for company. In her younger days, she would return home with her bladder practically bursting, after seven hours of avoiding using the disgusting loos at school. She would run upstairs, lock herself in the bathroom and let go, sometimes unable to avoid moaning with relief. She sometimes wondered how she managed to avoid wetting herself at all, as it often felt as though she left it close a lot of the time, yet remarkably, she hadn't had an accident since she was about ten, when she couldn't hold on any longer after a long car journey.

Even in her adult life, she still had a few close shaves, a few tube journeys home with tightly crossed legs here and there, a few occasions where she had one too many cups of coffee. She even found herself peeing in an alleyway a few months ago, after finding herself drunk and desperate on the way home from a night out, although as a shy person, she never liked to admit this to anyone. Besides, at 24 years old, she should be able to make it to a proper toilet without any commotion, and she prided herself on her strong bladder control. Always a high-achiever, she had found herself working as a journalist for one of Britain's top newspapers, however in such an intense working environment, the chances to pee weren't always available as often as she'd like.

She wiped her pussy, and flushed the paper down the toilet. Standing up, she went to wash her hands, catching sight of her naked body in the mirror. Her boyfriend always told her how beautiful she looked, but as someone low on self confidence, she never really believed him. However with beautiful long brown hair and an amazing figure, she was truly gorgeous. With David, her boyfriend, fast asleep, Alice climbed into bed next to him, and prepared to drift off. The time was 12:03am, and little did Alice know that she had taken her last wee for twenty four hours.

###

8:05am

"FUCK!" Alice exclaimed.

As she hastily slipped on a pair of purple knickers, and some smart black trousers, David came to.

"What's going on?" David asked.

"The fucking alarm didn't go off, and I have to be at the tube station in twenty fucking minutes," she exclaimed, unusually flustered, as she struggled to put her bra on. The tube station was about a ten minute drive away, so Alice didn't really have time to do anything other than put her make up on, tidy her hair up and grab a quick cereal bar and a small bottle of Tropicana. Soon she was out the door, and in the car, ready for the big day she had ahead of her. She was interviewing an prestigious author about his new book, in her most important moment of her career so far. She'd prepared for weeks, however she couldn't help but feel nervous about her interview. She swigged the rest of her orange juice, as she kissed her boyfriend goodbye, grabbing her bag containing all her notes. As she ended up arriving at the tube station early, she grabbed herself a large coffee and sat down on the platform, mentally running through the interview in her head.

###

10:14am

After a long tube journey, which involved her having to change twice, she was finally at her stop. She passed the toilets, and debated using them, however she resented the notion of paying for the need to urinate, and besides, she'd be able to pee when she arrived at the cafe she was due to meet the writer in. She picked up a bottle of water from WH Smiths, and discarded of her empty orange juice carton and coffee cup. It was a freezing cold day, and Alice felt her bladder twinge slightly at the feeling of cold air. Nonetheless, she was an adult, and she'd be able to hold on until the cafe, which was a half an hour walk away.

###

10:47am

"I'm sorry, the loo is currently out of order," the blonde waitress told Alice.

Alice frowned, as she could have really done with a pee, however she wasn't desperate yet, so thanked the waitress.

"To be honest, I'm bursting to pee myself, seriously worried I'll wet my knickers," the waitress told her, as she dug her hands into her crotch.

Alice returned to her table, wincing slightly at the overshare she had just heard. She began to prepare for the interview when the writer walked in.

"Hi there, you must be Alice," the kind older gentleman outstretched a hand.

"Hello Mr Jacobs, so good to finally meet you," Alice exclaimed.

"Please. call me Michael, everyone else does. Now what can I get you to drink?" he asked, unaware of the fullness of her bladder.

"Oh it's okay, I'm fine for drinks," Alice quickly responded, keen not to make her task of holding it more difficult.

"I insist, I'll pay," Mr Jacobs added.

"I suppose just a small flat white would be good then," she replied, hoping she wouldn't regret that decision later on.

The same waitress from before came to take their orders, noticeably fidgety, however managing to at least maintain a smile. "Two large flat whites please," Michael requested. Alice inwardly moaned, the elderly man must have not heard her specifically asking for a small coffee. She knew that a large coffee would leave her feeling very desperate by the end of the interview. The waitress went to fetch the coffees, and from the corner of the eye, Alice could see her biting her lip and shutting her eyes as she prepared the coffee. Alice was now keen to focus on the task in hand, so began to ask Tom questions.

The interview was going swimmingly, however halfway through, Alice became distracted by a conversation between her and her female manager. Her manager was a brunette, probably about thirty, with fashionable glasses and a big chest.

"Celia, please can I go to the loo across the road, I'm dying for a pee." the waitress begged.

"No Lizzie, we're understaffed today, you can't leave while we're this busy. Besides, you're not the only one who's desperate," Celia replied, crossing her legs together.

"Please, I'm going to wet myself," Lizzie was now pleading, with actual tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, but I can't let you go, you're just going to have to be a big girl and hold it." Celia firmly told Lizzie.

Alice was well aware of her own need to pee at this point, with two coffees, an orange juice and half a bottle of water now sitting in her bladder. Finish the interview, then pee, she thought to herself. At least she knew there was a toilet across the road. Lizzie came over to collect the empty coffee mugs, clearly in a great deal of pain.

"H-h-h-how were you drinks?" she asked, openly twisting her legs round and bending her knees.

"Excellent thanks," Alice glanced sympathetically, as tears once again appeared in Lizzie's eyes.

"T-t-that's good, would you like the bill?" Lizzie asked.

"That would be great thank you," Michael answered.

"Okay, I'll bring that ahhhhhhh," Lizzie was interrupted mid-sentence, as she tightly crossed her legs together.

She rushed off with the coffee mugs, and Alice could again hear her talking to her superior. "I'm wetting myself, I just leaked a bit of pee into my knckers,"

"Look, I'm busting for a wee as well, just hold on a bit longer," Celia could barely stop herself hopping from foot to foot. Lizzie returned with the bill, but gasped as another drop of wee presumably escaped her bursting bladder. Lizzie passed the bill, before looking up to the ceiling as Michael took a long sip of water. Alice could hear Lizzie whimpering as Michael searched for his debit card.

"Oh my God," Lizzie gasped. A quiet trickling sound could be heard, as her bladder finally gave way. Lizzie held her head in her hands, as Alice saw her hot pee pool at the bottom of her feet. She could see her tights were now saturated with urine, and the wee had seeped through to leave a wet patch on her skirt.

"Don't worry, love, it happens to everyone occasionally," Michael comforted her.

Alice agreed, although began to think through this statement. It happens to everyone occasionally. She'd never wet herself, and of her friends, only Poppy had had an accident in public, and even then, that was on a New Year's Eve where she was exceptionally drunk. In the line for the loo, she'd just let go, and peed her knickers in her tight red dress. At this point, they were all thrown out of the bar, but it was still one of the more memorable New Year's Eve parties. Alice wondered if Celia would help Lizzie, after cruelly denying her the chance for relief, however her question was soon answered, as the boss bolted out the door, with dignity seeping away, tightly holding on to her crotch. Alice swore she saw a bit of urine leak out, but she may have been wrong.

"Anyway, nice to meet you Michael, the piece should be published within the next few days." Alice told him, relieved to finally be able to void her bladder.

"I'm going past the station if you need a lift?" Michael asked.

###

*002*2016-02-14 23:07

2:50pm

Alice bit her lip, as she once again found herself on a crowded tube train. Her legs were crossed tightly, as she had failed to find the relief she so desperately wanted. On the way to give her a lift, Michael's car broke down on a street full of houses, and Alice couldn't bring herself to leave him on his own, so she remained and waited for someone to come out to fix the car, in the freezing cold. The cold only served to increase her need to urinate, yet she couldn't bring herself to knock on someone's door and ask to use the loo. It took about an hour and a half before she reached the station, by which point she was truly desperate. She staggered up to the toilets, only to find she didn't have the appropriate change, so reluctantly, she turned away and headed down to the train.

It was now almost three, fifteen hours since she last peed. She had been more desperate to go in her life, but this was certainly up there. There was the time she and a few friends queued for Wimbledon when she was 17, and she was forced to hold it until the gates opened, by which stage she was absolutely bursting to go. Or when she was 19, and going through a phase of being scared of plane toilets. She held it on a fourteen hour flight from Dubai to Melbourne, almost wetting herself on her seat in the process. A bit of wee leaked into her knickers as she queued for the loo in the airport, but she just made it to the time. The feeling of relief was magical for her, and she longed to experience it again. The tube finally pulled into his station, and Alice rushed out, desperately hoping to find somewhere to wee.

After ten minutes frantically looking for a public bathroom, she found herself in a branch of Subway.

"Excuse me, could I please use your loo?" Alice asked the 19 year old guy on the till.

"I'm sorry, the toilet is only available to customers," the worker explained.

"It's just that I'm really desperate," she begged, bending over and pressing her hands into her crotch.

"Would you like to buy something?" he asked.

Alice debated saying no, and finding somewhere free to relieve her bladder, but the ache in her abdomen told her that she needed to go to the toilet soon, before she had no other choice but to wet herself

"Okay fine, just let me get my - oh shit suddenly realised she no longer had her bag with her, the bag that contained her purse, phone, and all the notes from her interview.

"Is there a problem?" he asked.

"I don't appear to have my purse with me, meaning I'm going to be late for work, meaning I'm going to have to work twice as hard to reach my deadline, and on top of all that, I have to pee so badly I'm on the brink of wetting my knickers like a schoolgirl." Alice had genuine tears in her eyes at this point, as she crossed her legs even tighter.

"Okay, just take the key, I don't want to make your day any shittier," the Subway guy handed her the key.

"Thank you so much, you're so kind!" Alice was so grateful, she could have kissed him. But her urine was screaming for release, and in moments, she would be able to relax, and let it all go. She pushed the key in the lock, and twisted it about a bit. Her need to go intensified as she was in such close proximity to the loo, and she willed her muscles to hold on just a bit longer. She kept going, but the door just wouldn't budge. The man came over to help, but he failed to open the gateway to relief. He inspected the key, and groaned.

"This is the key to the old bathroom, someone must have got the two mixed up."

"Do you have the other key then?" Alice asked desperately, as she felt her wee beg to escape.

"Fucking Sanjay must have thrown it away, I asked him to get rid of the old key yesterday to avoid confusion. Obviously that didn't work."

Alice was already out of the door at this point, she had no time to waste, if she was going to pee, get her stuff back and get to work on time. Her stressful day just became a whole lot worse.

*008*2016-02-25 14:50

4:37pm

A sharp pain hit Alice's bladder, reminding her of the desperately precarious situation she found herself in. With all the panic of losing her bag, and being horribly late for work, her full bladder had been significantly less noticeable. But as her hold approached its seventeenth hour, it became almost impossible to ignore the pain any longer. She was sat outside the lost property office, waiting for news about her belongings. Obviously she had asked for the toilet, but a stern receptionist had informed her that they did not allow customers to use their toilets under any circumstances. Apparently some bastard had gratified the walls last time they let someone use the loo.

"Okay Alice, we've found your bag, if you just want to check everything's still there," the receptionist passed over the bag.

Standing up caused the wee pent up inside her to attempt to force its way out with renewed vigour. She gasped slightly, and bent her knees again to prevent a leakage.

"Is everything okay?" the receptionist asked.

"Please, please, please can I use your loo? I'm really desperate to go," Alice was almost crying with desperation at this point.

"I'm sorry, we have a really strict policy here, and I don't want to lose my job," the receptionist responded, finally showing some concern for her predicament.

Alice left the room without thanking her, slamming the door on the way out. She wouldn't normally have behaved that way, but at this point, manners were at the bottom of her priority. She took her phone out of her bag. 20 new messages, 11 missed calls. She read the most recent three.

"Alice, call back as soon as you get this."

"Alice, this is urgent, come into the office as soon as you read this."

"If you do not come into work in the next hour, you will be fired."

She panicked reading this, and looked at the time the message was sent. 4:23pm. She had forty minutes to get to work, and the tube journey alone would take half an hour. She grabbed her bag and ran down to the tube station, trying to phone her boss at the same time.

"Alice, where the fuck have you been?"

"I'm so so sorry, I had to help Michael Jacobs get his car fixed, then I left my bag on the train, which had my phone in..."

"I don't give a shit, you need to get here by 5:30 or you're gone. And you can work late tonight to make up for all the time you've missed today. I'm fucking fed up of journalists taking the piss."

Just the mention of the word 'piss' sent another sharp warning, as she felt the pee well up further in her urethra.

"Look, I'm sorry, I'll be there as soon as I can."

"You'll be here at 5:30," the boss sternly yelled, before hanging up.

*011*2016-02-26 00:29

5:29pm

Alice staggered into the reception of the building where she worked. Sweating profusely, and carrying the pain of an almost unbearably full bladder, the sight of her boss standing there with his arms folded in front of her was of little comfort. The tube journey had been absolutely agony, to the extent where she almost considered just wetting herself. However she had read somewhere that someone had wet themselves on the tube before, and received a large fine. Furthermore, she was sure she would have been sacked if she had turned up at work stinking of piss. Take your telling off like a grown-up, then you can wee, she thought to herself. Her boss stared at his watch.

"Well, you've saved your job, just about. Now go to your desk, I don't want to see you leave until the end of the evening."

Alice thought about pleading for the toilets, but her boss was a dick, and would only be even more unreasonable. She would just have to wait for him to finish work, and then sneak off to go for a pee. The thought of holding on even longer sent her mind into overdrive, and it took all her strength to keep her knickers dry at that moment. She slumped off to her desk, and began writing up her interview with Michael Jacobs. She crossed her legs tightly as she wrote, constantly shifting around in the name of keeping her pee in. Her office was right next to the water cooler, which didn't help at all, and she did her best to block out the trickling sound that would occur every five minutes or so.

She had been tempted to sneak off to the toilet, but her boss could see her every movement, and she completely believed that he would sack her if she moved from her seat. Last year, he sacked a man who had missed a deadline because he left his desk when he urgently needed the loo. Alice was at least two levels above urgent here, but she had no other option but to hold it. Alice was suddenly aware of her boss looking over at her from his office, and gesturing her to come and see him. Alice winced as she stood, as the full weight of her wee made itself apparent. She dug her fist into her crotch, desperately hoping no one saw her having to openly hold herself. Regaining composure, she walked towards her boss, trying her best to hide the fact she was absolutely busting to pee.

"I'll cut to the chase, Michael Jacobs is dead," her boss gravely informed her.

Alice's body froze, and for the first time in a while, her bladder wasn't her top priority.

"Oh my God," was all Alice could muster.

"He had a heart attack at his house earlier this afternoon, and the doctors arrived too late to help him."

Alice had subconsciously uncrossed her legs, and a jolt from her bladder reminded her to keep her thighs clenched together the best she could. "I don't believe it, he seemed so well earlier,"

"Anyway, I need your interview for the paper tomorrow, get it done in the next hour. Now go!"

Alice rushed back to her desk to finish the article, emotionally and physically drained. She tried to focus all her energy on finishing, but half her brainpower was dedicated to keeping her knickers dry at this point. About half an hour in, Alice gasped, as for the first time, she felt her resolve begin to slip. A hot slug of pee slipped out of her urethra, collecting in the crotch of her knickers. Her first spurt had made her about 10% more desperate, and she knew she needed a toilet and fast. She looked up at her boss, who angrily gestured at her to finish her article. Finally, she managed to beat her deadline and finish the article. She had released a further two spurts, the second of which was slightly longer, and resulted in some drops of pee running down her left leg. Nonetheless, she was sure her boss would be lenient enough to allow her a five minute break. Or so she thought...

*013*2016-02-26 10:59

8:16pm

Alice didn't know how this was happening, but she was about to appear on BBC News with every possibility of wetting her pants. Mr Jacobs' death had attracted a lot of media attention, and as one of the last people to see him alive, she was in high demand. A whirlwind few hours had seen her conduct several radio interviews, as well as a few quick TV appearances, predictably without any free second to relieve her aching bladder. The spurts were getting more violent, and more regular now. Her voice had cracked on the radio at one point as more pee escaped, while she hoped no-one noticed her briefly losing control while being interviewed on TV.

Furthermore, with all the speaking, and suffering from a sore throat, Alice had subconsciously drank a whole water bottle in this time, which was beginning to make itself known. She now found herself sat on the BBC News sofa, barely able to keep still, and barely able to speak properly. As the producer indicated they were about to go live, another spurt escaped, which Alice felt dampen her crotch further.

"We're joined tonight by Alice Jones, who interviewed Michael Jacobs earlier today. Firstly Alice, our heart goes out to you; you must be so shocked by the events of today."

"I c-c-can't believe it, he was just talking today about his p-p-plans for, er, another book," Alice felt the pressure inside her build to almost intolerable levels. A small drop of pee left her urethra.

"And how did Mr Jacobs seem to you at lunch?" Alice had gone bright red, at leaking live on TV.

"Perfectly normal, he ate normally, he seemed absolutely fine." Talking about lunch brought her mind back to the poor waitress who wet herself in clear view of everyone. At least her bladder was relieved now. Alice's was on the verge of exploding. The interview continued, and Alice was remarkably able to avoid any further leakage, although she was sure people at home would realise how desperate for a wee she was. She stood up to shake her interviewer's hand at the end, and as the pressure crashed down on her urethra, she wondered if anyone had ever needed the loo this badly.

"Excuse me, where is the loo?" Alice had returned to stuffing her fist in her crotch.

"Ah yes, I thought you looked a bit desperate, just down the hallway and turn left."

"Thanks," Alice hobbled out of the room, as she felt more urine dribble down her leg.

She ran as fast as she could to the toilets, before she was stopped abruptly in her tracks. A loud fire alarm began to sound, the shock of which cause Alice to involuntarily release some more pee, which soaked her crotch some more. But Alice was too close to the toilet, and was sure the alarm would just be a test. She pushed the door to the bathroom hard, but couldn't open it. Being in such close proximity caused the longest spurt of pee of the day to escape, lasting about five seconds. She was sure she had a wet patch visible on her black trousers now, as she felt her pubic hair dampen from the volume of pee her panties were now holding. They must lock the bathrooms automatically in the event of a fire alarm, she thought. She ran downstairs, doing her best to avoid a panic attack, as she tried to work out how she was going to relieve her bladder.

*016*2016-02-28 23:08

9:18pm

Is it possible for your bladder to explode? Can you actually die from holding your pee? Would it be clearly noticeable if she just wet her black trousers? These were all questions which swam through Alice's mind, as she sat in the back of a taxi, legs tightly crossed, head clasped in her hands. She had been called back into work, to make up for the time she missed earlier, and decided it would be quicker to return to the office and use the toilet there rather than wait for the fire alarm to finish at the studios. And yet fifteen minutes away from her offices, her urine was begging for release.

She had never been to Niagara Falls, yet Alice felt as though she was suppressing 1000 waterfalls from escaping her bladder. She felt the now familiar warmth spread across her knickers, as a long spurt soaked her panties, spreading to her bum. Amazingly, the wet spot hadn't shown yet, but another quickfire spurt left her urethra, leaving a spot roughly the size of a 50p piece on her crotch. Alice really couldn't take any more.

"Pull in here... please! I'll be two minutes," Alice could barely string together a sentence, but as she was practically wetting herself now, she just needed release.

She found herself next to an alleyway. She had used it as a makeshift toilet before, at times when she had been half as desperate as she found herself right now. She was joined in there by a girl, no older than 19 and her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was staring awkwardly at the wall, while the girl crouched down, obviously hammered, pussy clearly visible, wee pouring out of her bladder.

"Oh my God, you have no idea how much I needed that. Thought I was going to piss myself," the girl laughed, smiling at Alice.

Alice winced, as she became crippled by yet another leakage, as the pee dribbled down her legs. She quickly pulled her trousers down, revealing her pee stained purple knickers to the world. She quickly yanked them down, and for five seconds of utter bliss, Alice was able to let go. Her wee forcefully hit the ground below, and she couldn't help but moan, as her overly full bladder began to empty itself. However the joy was shortlived, as she heard footsteps coming round the corner. She got redressed as quickly as possible, trying desperately to turn the taps off. Clenching all her muscles, she managed to stop weeing as the man came into the alleyway, although a few tiny drops of pee made their way out of the urethra.

"What's going on here?" the guy asked, as Alice became aware that he was a police officer.

"Nothing officer, I'm just on my way back into my taxi now." Alice announced, as she bent over to keep the urine inside her.

"Move along then," the officer glared at her. Alice headed back inside her taxi, slightly less desperate for the toilet than before, but still more bursting than she had ever been in her life until now. As she headed back to the office again, she began to wonder if she would ever empty her bladder fully again.

*018*2016-03-05 20:34

9:58pm

Alice breathed heavily, as she entered the lift up to her floor. She couldn't believe she was only a few minutes away from relief. She willed her aching bladder to hold on for just a few more minutes. Her knickers were already damp with pee, and yet she was still unbearably bursting for the loo. She felt as though a single drop of liquid entering her bladder would be enough to make her explode. A quick spurt of urine leaking reminded her she wasn't out of the woods yet, and having her hands pressed firmly on her pussy was about the only way to prevent a waterfall leaving her urethra. The lift came to a halt, but alas, she wasn't at her floor yet. She debated leaving the lift and using the toilets on second, but she knew it was quite a walk to the loos on that floor, and she was aware that there was every possibility that she might wet herself in front of all her colleagues. A guy got in the lift, and pressed the button to go to the same floor as her.

"Hi" he said. Alice could only manage a feeble wave, hoping he didn't notice how dire her situation was. They would only be in the lift together another twenty seconds, and then she could finally wee. She imagined the torrent of urine leaving her urethra, twenty hours worth of pee finally being emptied out of her bladder. The orgasmic relief almost overwhelming her body, as every last drop of wee left her body. Overcome by yet another spurt exiting, she clutched her crotch a little harder as the lift came to a stop. She just had to compose herself for a few more seconds, then she could let it all flow out. The guy looked at her oddly, as she stood by the door, hopping from foot to foot. The colour drained from Alice's face, as she realised the door wasn't opening.

"No, no, no!" Alice wanted to burst into tears, as she felt another streak of pee slide down her legs.

"Oh shit, I think the lift is stuck," the guy exclaimed, before realising Alice's predicament. "Are you okay?"

"No," Alice could barely speak, as her desperation threatened to overwhelm her.

"Do you need to pee?" he asked.

Alice slowly nodded her head, as tears filled her eyes. A wet patch once again spread across her crotch, and she had to clench with all her might to prevent all full-blown accident. She fell to the floor, realising her hopes of ending the night with her dignity intact were looking slim.

*019*2016-03-05 22:28

The elevator is stuck, classic ;)

*022*2016-03-09 10:45

10:41pm

Alice clenched all her muscles as tight as possible, as another almost insurmountable wave threatened to overcome her body. She was frankly amazed she hadn't wet herself in the half hour she had been in the lift, although the spurts more now much more regular than before. She had barely spoken to the guy in the lift, and her main focus had been holding her wee in. Alice tightened her grip on her crotch as she felt another leak escape her aching urethra. The lift was about five minutes away from being fixed, as Alice kept telling herself. Soon she'd find relief. Soon.

"That's it, I can't hold it anymore."

The voice was not from Alice, but the man also with her in the lift, who she now noticed was clasping his penis through his suit trousers with his hand. Alice noticed a spurt of hot pee escape, and seep through his trousers. The guy grabbed an empty water bottle from his bag, and stuck his dick inside. The sound of his pee hitting the plastic of the bottle, combined with his moans were torture for Alice. It was a large bottle, so Alice had to listen to his wee trickling for what felt like ten minutes, sending her bladder into overdrive. Eventually he stopped, and Alice plucked up the courage to ask him something.

"Do you have a spare empty water bottle?" she asked, as more pee welled in the crotch of her panties.

"I do actually, but you'll have to finish the water that's left inside," he warned her.

Alice looked and realised there was a large glass worth of liquid still inside, however she was reaching the end of her limit, so it was a risk she was going to have to take. Immediately as she started drinking, her bladder protested, and began slowly emptying itself, leaving a wet patch on her crotch. She pressed her free hand down on her pussy as she willed herself to hold on just a bit longer. However as she yanked down her trousers and panties, she felt the lift jolt. A spurt burst out of her exposed womanhood, however she was forced to quickly pull her trousers and panties back up. The lift door finally opened, and Alice headed to the bathroom as quickly as her unbearably full bladder would allow her. However as she got to the door, she was met with an awful surprise.

