An Uncomfortable Patient

Author: Pan

*000*2014-11-10 12:03

AUTHOR'S NOTE: This contains male desperation. I actually accidentally double-posted my other story, "The Fall of the Human Bladder" but I couldn't figure out how to delete it, so I just chose an old story and replaced one of the posts with it. If anyone knows how to delete a topic, it would be appreciated. This is cross-posted.

AN UNCOMFORTABLE PATIENT

It was 3:46.

Under normal circumstances, this wouldn’t be a big deal. After all, his doctor appointment was scheduled for 3:45, so waiting another minute wasn’t typically the end of the world. However, Haiden had bigger problems: He had to pee. And badly. His bladder was full and taut under the waistband of his sweatpants, and he could feel it pulsing softly against his abdomen. His legs were crossed unnaturally tight, and his hands were folded complacently in his lap, pressing down as subtly as possible on his crotch.

Damn it. He really had to pee. He hadn’t had a wee the whole day aside from the morning, and it was coming back to haunt him. All of the water and coffee he’d drunk through the meetings at work were now cramped inside his bladder, occupying every inch of his poor organ. The liquids pulsated harshly against the skin of his stomach, expanding and contracting with desire to get out. All Haiden could do was clamp his thighs tight together and hope he could hold it.

It had been a long day. Haiden scrubbed his sweaty forehead with the back of his hand. and checked his watch. 3:48. Dammit. Of course the doctor was going to be late. The doctor was nearly always late. A little bored, Haiden glanced around the waiting room. There was an old couple at the back corner, and a mother with a child at the front. A few kids were poking at the glass fish tank, squealing and giggling as the fish raced out of view. Slowly, and agonizingly, Haiden’s eyes flitted to the bathrooms situated in the back, to the sign that was the cause of all of his problems.

Out of Order.

The men’s bathroom was out of order, and the glaringly large sign made it clear to every guy who needed a piss.

Namely, of course, only him: Haiden Jesterfield.

Haiden moaned softly, and bent forward, his fingers tapping rapidly against his left thigh. His legs were squeezed tight together, and his wrist pushed down a little harder on his crotch, trying to yield direct pressure. His face was a flushed pink, and his breathing heightened as his bladder pounded with a couple jug-fulls worth of coffee. Twisting his legs tighter around each other – somewhat like a pretzel – Haiden’s distressed green eyes flew around the room.

His appointment was scheduled for 3:45. It was now 3:50.

Stupid doctors.

“Oh, c’mon, c’mon…” Haiden jiggled his left leg up and down, and his eyes once more traveled wistfully to the bathrooms. He wished he could tear down the Out of Order sign, kick open the door karate style, whip his cock out, and piss the Niagara falls into the urinal… “Ohh,” Haiden squeezed his crotch for a split second, before quickly removing his hand. He glanced around with a heavy blush, but no one had noticed.

Just then, Haiden spotted a nurse entering the waiting room. “Oh, please,” Haiden crossed his fingers. “Please, please please-“

“Jennifer Wilkins,” The nurse said pleasantly.

Haiden let out an audible groan as the woman with her child got up. Damn it! He just wanted to get his appointment over with as quickly as possible, run into his car, pull over at a gas station, and take a whiz! Was that so hard for the universe to accept? Haiden checked his watch. 3:55. Seriously. This was not fair. Haiden’s bladder gave a forceful nudge to warn him, but Haiden bit his lip and rubbed his thighs together.

It was okay. He would be okay. He could hold it. He was a man, right? Not a baby?

“Mmm…” Haiden whimpered quietly to himself. His bladder hurt so bad, and it was so achingly full in his lower stomach. If he brushed his hand over his shirt, he could feel the small bump protruding from his abdomen. For a split second, his eyes wandered to his car outside, and he wondered if he could quickly go stop somewhere, and come back. Haiden chewed on his lip and contemplated. The option was there in case…err…he was in danger-of-wetting mode, but right now, if he left, the chances of the nurse coming in to call him were pretty high…

Just hold it. Haiden grimaced painfully, and shifted his bum on the plastic chair. You’re not five.

Besides, he comforted himself, the doctor will be here soon. Probably in five minutes or so.

But five minutes turned into ten, and ten grew into fifteen. By the time it was 4:30, Haiden was besides himself in desperation. Every other person had been called in by the nurse except him, and a few new people had entered in the waiting room. Haiden’s bladder was hard and full under his shirt, and his whole body trembled, thighs squeezing tight together in an effort to hold back his pee. His eyes were filled with confusion and stress, and he blinked back tears as his bladder tried to expand further, pressing petulantly to be let out. God, he was so full, and he needed to pee so much. Over the course of the past few minutes, he’d been giving himself little squeezes here and there, hoping no one would notice, but now his hand was practically constantly buried in his crotch. He’d just put a magazine over it to hopefully hide it from being obvious.

What the hell was going on? It was a full 45 minutes since his doctor appointment was due! Biting his lower lip, Haiden was seriously considering leaving real quick to take a leak before coming back. But what if the nurse came right then? He would have waited for nothing. Wondering if there was some mistake, Haiden decided he should probably ask the front counter to ensure his appointment was scheduled properly.

Except that meant he would have to stand up. Damn it. Tensing every muscle in his bladder, Haiden stood up very slowly, keeping his legs pressed together. His hand was buried deep in his crotch, squeezing hard. At least he had sweatpants on, allowing him to get a good grip. Shit, his bladder was full. Haiden bounced a little, aware that people could see him, but he was to the point where he couldn’t hold it without doing a half pee-pee dance.

“Um, excuse me,” he said in a flustered tone to the woman at the front counter. He was aware that he was bouncing on his feet, one hand squeezing his crotch, but he honestly needed to wee. “My appointment was supposed to b-be at, um, 3:45, and it’s way late and…” Haiden let out a soft moan, scissoring his legs together. A small spurt nearly escaped his bladder, but he managed to clamp it back the last minute. Crossing his legs and bending forward deeply, his asked through grit teeth, “Is there a problem?”

The woman looked bored. She quickly checked something on her computer. “Nope, you’re good,” she said, sounding rather annoyed. “It’s still scheduled, but you have to understand that we’re running late. Doctors have several patients to deal with, and they can’t always get you right on time.” She paused, and glanced at his desperate form. “I suppose you’ll just have to wait.”

Haiden licked his lips. Suddenly, his bladder contracted, and a little bit of pee rolled down the inside of his leg. No one could see it, but Haiden could feel it, warm and moist against his skin. His eyes widened in panic, and he squeezed his crotch harder, pleading, “Do you know when, about? Another ten minutes? Because I really have to pee, and I thought I’d go out real quick and come ba-“

“You could be called down any moment,” the woman said sternly. “I would suggest you wait it out.”

But I can’t.

Haiden didn’t say that, of course. He just nodded, legs crossed tightly, his other hand joining him at the crotch. However, just as he was about to return to his seat, a nurse called out in a pretty voice, “Haiden? Haiden Jesterfield?”

Haiden whirled around. Yes! Yes! Thank-fucking-god. “That’s me!” he nearly cried. Giving his crotch one last hard squeeze, he removed his hands and followed the nurse stiffly down the hallway to where his doctor appointment was to be held. His thighs ground against each other, and when he was behind the nurse and out of her out of sight, he took the opportunity to hurriedly stick his hand down the waistband of his sweatpants to give himself a good squeeze.

He could do this. He could hold it out, and despite how swollen and full his bladder felt, he would keep holding it all in until he was free.

The nurse led him into a small room, and closed the door, just before saying, “The doctor will be in in a few moments.” The moment the door closed, Haiden doubled over, and squeezed himself hard. Finally, some privacy. Ohh, fuck! He was literally bursting. He whimpered, knees pressed together, hands squeezing repeatedly against his damp crotch. His hips shifted and rocked on the chair, and he let out a loud moan, squeezing harder. His pee was on the brink of spilling out and soaking in his pants, and it was taking every ounce of Haiden’s willpower to hold it all back. His legs were locked together, and he closed his eyes, biting his lip, trying to contain the mass amounts of liquid in his bladder.

Then the door opened. Haiden’s hands flew out of his crotch, and his back shot up. A spurt of pee slipped out at the surprise, and Haiden discretely grounded the tops of his thighs against each other to help hold anymore back.

The doctor that walked in, much to Haiden’s dismay, was young and highly attractive. Cute smile, stunning blue eyes, nice-looking hair… Haiden rolled his tongue over the bridge of his teeth. He was going to look like a total idiot in front of this hot doctor because he needed to pee so bad.

“Hi there,” the doctor said. “I’m Dr. Every. I know I’m not your regular doctor, but she called in sick, so I’ll be filling in for her today.”

“Okay.” Haiden smiled painfully. He was aware that his bladder jutted out a little, and he self-consciously put his hand in front of it.

“So,” Dr. Every clicked a few things on his computer. “You’re here to get your TB test checked?”

“Yeah.” Haiden bit back a moan, and crossed his legs tightly. He was aware that he was shifting on the seat quite a bit, his bladder full to the brim, his body doing everything possible to contain his piss without being glaringly obvious about it. “Um, it’s for volunteering at the hospital. They need to know I don’t have TB and I – Ahh!” A small spurt escaped despite his crossed legs, and Haiden bent forward, discretely pressing one hand to his crotch.

Dr. Every was staring at him in concern. “Are you alright?”

“Alright!” Haiden said breathlessly. “Just fine.”

“Are you…sure?”

Damn those blue eyes. Haiden made a little noise, and nodded feverishly. “I’m super good!” He rolled his sleeve up quickly. “Can you check now?” He didn’t mean to sound rude or impatient, but he was literally on the verge of peeing himself. Dr. Every nodded with a smile, and gently ran his thumb over the part of his arm where the needle was. Haiden shivered under his touch, and tried to stop the rapid trembling of his body.

“No need to be so tense,” Dr. Every said softly. “You’re fine. It’s negative.”

Haiden breathed a sigh of relief, even as he tensed his bladder muscles. “Oh! That’s good.” He started to get up, thighs clamped tight together. “Can I leave now?”

“Not yet,” Dr. Every chuckled. “Sit down for a moment. What’s the rush?”

I’m about to pee myself over your chair, sir.

Haiden just forced a smile, ignored his bladder, held his flood back, and sat back down. “Yes?”

“You’re aware you need to come in again to have the second arm tested?” Dr. Every asked.

Haiden barely heard the words. Just then, his bladder had contracted harshly, and a barely audible hissing sound filled the room as pee gushed out. Haiden’s hands flew to his crotch, and he groaned loudly, both hands buried deep. “Ohh shit,” he mumbled, squeezing tightly. He couldn’t dare let go. He managed to clamp back the flow though, and sighed in relief. However, his bladder was heavy and full in his abdomen, and he knew he couldn’t hold it much longer.

With his back, legs, and bum literally shaking from the effort of holding it in for even a second longer, Haiden looked up meekly, with a flushed, embarrassed expression. Dr. Every just gaped at him, lips parted slightly, eyes wide at the sudden action before him.

“Um,” Dr. Every finally cleared his throat. “There’s a bathroom in the waiting room.”

Haiden squeezed harder. Another spurt came out, and he noticed a small wet patch on the front of his sweatpants. “It’s out of order,” Haiden whimpered out. “I’m so sorry, but I really have to pee, and I really can’t hold it and -” more hissing filled the room, and Haiden moaned, squeezing harshly through the fabric of his sweatpants. Once again, he cut off the flow, but his face was red from panic, and his bladder was so full it had reached its limit. “Sir,” he said desperately. “Can I just leave? I’m sorry, but I really have to-“

Haiden jumped up to leave, but had to stop and bend forward, legs snapping together. His hands were buried deep in his crotch, and his eyes were tearing up. “I can’t…” he rubbed his thighs together, clamping them tightly against each other, trying to hold everything in. “I can’t move,” he whispered softly to himself.

Dr. Every must have heard. “If you need to go that bad…” the doctor sighed, before shaking his head with an amused smile and pulling out an empty waist bin from his under his desk. “You could go in this.”

Haiden’s eyes widened. His bladder pushed hard at the thought of releasing, and Haiden pressed harder to hold back. “Yes, ohh, please.” He knew he would die of embarrassment over the situation later, but right now, he needed a leak, and he needed it fast. “Can I just go here?” Haiden was literally hopping from foot to foot. The front of his sweatpants were soaked, and even as he squeezed, he could feel the dampness of his boxers against his hand.

“Go ahead,” Dr. Every gestured, coughing slightly. “We like our patients to be comfortable.”

“Ohh, thank you, thank you!” Haiden rushed out. He quickly took the waist bin from Dr. Every and set it down on the ground. In hindsight, he probably should have positioned himself so he was facing away from Dr. Every, but at the moment, he was just so desperate and full that he couldn’t bear prolonging relief a second longer. Settling in front of the can, Haiden rushed to undo the knot of his sweatpants, squeezing and dancing and shifting as another long spurt escaped. “C’mon, c’mon…” he mumbled. Finally, he undid it. Lifting his shirt a little, and pulling his sweatpants down enough so he could pull out his cock, he situated himself.

His pee was literally on the brink of exploding.

“Wait!” Dr. Every said.

Haiden made a loud moaning noise, whimpering and locking his legs back together. “What?” he pleaded.

“Your bladder,” Dr. Every sounded shocked. “Is…I mean, you can see how full it is.”

Haiden nodded frantically. “I’m aware! Please, can I pee now?” He was shaking, his entire body vibrating in an effort to hold in his pee for just a bit longer.

“It’s not healthy…” Dr. Every said.

“Sir! Please. I’m going to pee myself.”

Dr. Every frowned, and paused for a long moment in which Haiden squeezed and bounced, but finally nodded. “Alright. Go ahead.”

That was the only permission he needed. Pee gushed out full force, spraying against the can and filling it up at rapid speed. Haiden cried out slightly at the unimaginable relief, his sore bladder slowly deflating as pee rushed out as quickly as possible. The relief was nearly dizzying, and Haiden stumbled a little, trying to make sure he aimed properly. He’d die of shame if he got pee in Dr. Every’s office. After nearly three full minutes, his bladder was finally empty, and Haiden tucked himself back in, pulling up his half-on sweatpants back to his waist.

The embarrassment of the situation only hit him a few seconds after he was finished. “Oh, god,” he covered his face with his hands. “I’m so sorry.”

Dr. Every smiled softly. “It’s okay. We all have to go sometimes.”

“Not like this.” Haiden bit his lip. “I mean, I’m twenty. I’m supposed to be able to hold it.”

“Well, technically, yes,” Dr. Every said with a serious expression. “But you really shouldn’t be holding it so much. It’s not particularly healthy, and if you do it on a daily basis, it can lead to serious consequences.”

Haiden laughed weakly. “Trust me: this is definitely a one time thing.”

Dr. Every was still frowning. “You need to be more careful."

Haiden felt his face flush a little. Great. He was being chastised like a little kid. “Yeah. Sorry.” Haiden stood awkwardly. “I’ll be careful.”

After another long moment of silence, Dr. Every cleared his throat, and turned around to schedule his next TB appointment for the second arm. While he did so, Haiden replayed the events in his head again and again, and each time, his face turned red from mortification. He could not believe that had just happened. The waist bin full of his pee just served as a reminder of what he had done.

“Oh, fuck,” he said to himself. “I’m an idiot.”

Dr. Every ignored him, and clicked a few things on his computer. Finally, he turned around, and smiled. “Alright! It’s settled. Your next appointment is on May 28th, 4:00 PM. Does that sound alright with you?”

“It’s good,” Haiden said quickly. “Can I leave now?” He wanted to get out of there and bury himself under his blankets to mourn over his embarrassment.

“Sure.” Dr. Every stood up. “Have a nice day, Mr. Jesterfield.”

“I will! You too!” Haiden rushed out. He ran to open the door, and nearly had it closed behind him, when he heard Dr. Every call out, “And don’t worry! I’ll tell Dr. Jennings to keep an extra waist bin in the office just in case you have any more problems!”

Haiden’s blush darkened, and he flew out of the doctors’ and into his car.

He was so moving to another city.

