Michelle's Little Problem

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2015-10-16 23:00

Been awhile since I had an idea for something but I eventually decided to do this since I didn't see much of it. Usually I try to do things that haven't been done much of or at all. So hope you like this alright.

Plot: Michelle (who's been in all my previous original fanfics) finds in herself in a small situation as she shrinks due to a new perfume she ends up testing. Now shrunken to a small size she has to survive in this state but it won't be easy when she ends up in a dollhouse belonged to a young girl and she has to pee. It's not easy being little.

Shopping wasn't one of Michelle's favourite things compared to Amy but she likes buying jewellery and perfume. Today she had been in her favourite perfume shop when one of the clerks approached her.

"Hello there. You looking for anything in particular?" the female clerk asked

"Well trying to find a new perfume. My old one isn't doing much for me" Michelle said

"Well we just got this one today. We've been waiting to test it on someone. Would you like too?" the female clerk asked

Handing her the bottle Michelle read it as "Shrink: Said to be small in quantity but big in smell"

"Sure why not. Lay it on me" Michelle said

And so the female clerk sprayed Michelle with the perfume as the bottle was emptied. Michelle then smelt herself as she was astonished by how good she was.

"Wow this smells great. How much do I owe you?" Michelle asked

"Like I said testing it was free. But you can buy some if you like" the female clerk said

And so Michelle did just that leaving the beauty store with another bottle. She hadn't felt this good in a long time. She decided to spray some more on herself. Suddenly she felt a little light headed. Must have just been a headache. Suddenly it hit her some more as she suddenly fell to the floor and passed out. Eventually she woke up still on the floor. Apparently nobody had picked her up. Strangely everything had looked bigger.

"What the hell?" Michelle wondered

Getting up she walked along and saw a giant walking along as she jumped out of the way. Wait a second that looked like a regular human being. Did the world get bigger? Or was she small? No that'd be ridiculous. Up ahead Michelle saw a store and ran towards the door. Looking in the glass she saw her reflection and jumped as she saw herself. She was small. About the size of a Barbie doll. Suddenly she found herself being pushed as someone walked into the store as she was caught in the door. Looking around she realised she was in a toy store.

"Great. How am I going to get out of here?" Michelle wondered

Running around and trying not to be stepped on by people Michelle jumped onto a shelf and saw a house. Feeling she needed to rest she went inside. It felt weird to be in something that looked small on the outside but was big on the inside. Walking up the steps she realised they felt like plastic. Must have wandered into some kid's dollhouse. No big deal she'd be out of here soon enough. Entering a bedroom Michelle saw a bed and decided to lay down.

"I wonder how this happened? Could it have been the perfume? It felt fine when she first put it on." Michelle said to herself. Pulling out the bottle Michelle noticed the side effects that said do not overuse at the same time or else it may result in possible shrinking.

"No wonder why nobody tested it" Michelle groaned. She then noticed that it would wear off in a few hours. Well that was a good thing. All I needed to do was avoid getting stepped on. May as well get some sleep. And with that Michelle suddenly fell asleep.

Not long later Michelle woke up to noises. Sounded like someone was in a kitchen. Wait a second a kitchen? Getting up off the bed Michelle suddenly stopped held her hand to her crotch and realised she needed to pee. Damn it. Well figure that out later. Leaving the bedroom Michelle walked down the dollhouse steps she opened and walked out of the door as she tried not to dance on the spot in desperation. Walking along she noticed the floor was wooden. Suddenly she saw she was on a high place as she tried not step off the cliff as she realised she was on a table.

"Why the hell am I on a table?" Michelle suddenly looked and saw a little girl running around as she ran back into the dollhouse and up the stairs all the while crossing her legs in desperation.

Listening in she heard the girl say "Thanks for buying me this dollhouse" Great she was bought by a girl and she had to pee. Suddenly she heard another voice. Wait was that Amy? Of all the convenience. Wait she remembered she had taken up babysitting for extra money.

The need to pee was still persistent as Michelle looked around for a place to pee. Where could she go this size? Running around the dollhouse she saw a bathroom and ran to it and stopped in front of the toilet and sighed. Plastic.

"Well I've peed in a display toilet and on a fire hydrant might as well add a toy toilet to my list" Michelle said

Taking a few minutes to pull down her pants and panties she finally sat on the plastic seat and let go as she moaned in relief. Sitting on the plastic seat felt weird but it felt wonderful to pee. Michelle just looked and realised how much pee was coming out. Man that's a lot of piss. Finally stopping she was about to get up but suddenly she started to shake as she saw her feet grow.

"Uh oh" Michelle said

Suddenly she grew back to her regular size as she broke through the dollhouse as she saw Amy enter the room who was surprised to see her friend sitting there with her pants and panties down as she stared at her.

"Michelle what the hell are you..." Amy started before Michelle interrupted her

"Just get me out of here. Trust me I've gotta story for you" Michelle said

The END. Sorry if its too short and not great. I encourage others to take this idea and do it better. Again I'm probably not that good at this and really that's why I don't do this as much as others but if you enjoy it you enjoy it and I thank you for that.

