Girls Night Out Part 1 (A Mass Effect Fanfic)

Author: peelove64

*000*2015-02-27 00:03

Jane Shepard knocked back her sixth drink of the night. The thick, blue, alcoholic syrup was the most notable specialty on Purgatory’s illustrious menu, and as such cost a fair bit of credits. For Shepard, however, savior of the galaxy, paragon of humanity, bane of Cerberus, and loyal customer, the cerulean concoction was on the house. After an exhausting day of fighting Reapers, it was impossible for her to not bring down the mask of professionalism and let loose with the girls, if only for one night.

Shepard sat in the middle of the booth, right next to Liara, her blue-skinned asari lover. To her left was the suited Quarian, Tali, and next to Tali was the beautiful Ashley Williams. To Shepard’s surprise, even EDI, the Normandy’s AI unit, joined them in her newly found physical body. They were each well past the line of intoxication.

“You should’ve seen James’ face when I told him he couldn’t join us,” Liara laughed. “He looked like a wounded pyjak!”

“Wonder how Garrus is spending his shore leave,” Ashley wondered.

“I imagine Garrus is making calibrations to the ship’s engine,” EDI responded, eliciting a peal of laughter from the other girls. As an AI, EDI had no need to consume nutrients, and as such she was unable to partake in the drinking. She was, however, able to adjust her own level of functioning as the night continued, thus keeping up with the other girls.

“This is so great,” Ashley said after the laughter died down. “I know the galaxy’s at war, trillions of lives are threatened, all organic life is on the line. But ya know, sometimes it’s nice to just kick back and enjoy what it is we’re fighting to preserve.”

“You wouldn’t normally expect such a lack of cynicism from a SPECTRE,” Tali said, flashing a smile that no one could see.

Ashley laughed at the Quarian’s light-hearted jab. “Hey, SPECTRE’s may be an elite force of cold-blooded killers, but they still have the same needs as everyone. We still have to eat, sleep, love. And,” she stood up and grasped the table before she lost her balance, “sometimes we gotta pee! Be right back!”

“Ditto to that, Ash,” Shepard said as she nudged Tali so that she could get out and relieve herself as well. “There’s some shifty characters in this place, it’s probably best we go in groups. Wouldn’t want you to get in over your head.” Shepard smiled sarcastically, prompting a look of mock annoyance from Ashley.

“Humans are so unfortunate,” Liara said after downing yet another shot. “They only live to about one hundred years AND they spend such a large portion of that time urinating. One of the biggest surprises I’ve uncovered in my studies of human physiology is just how tiny that bladder of yours is.” Ashley and Shepard shared a glance as they were exiting the booth. They were the first human SPECTRES, and they weren’t about to allow even the tiniest remark smudge their species’ name. With bravado, the two women sat right back down and gave Liara a challenging smirk.

“You implying your bladder’s better than ours?” Shepard said, sneakily placing her hand on Liara’s abdomen.

Liara smirked right back at them. “Yes, it is. Both of them are, in fact.”

“Both?” Ashley asked with surprise.

“Yes. Asari have two bladders, each able to contain about three times the content of a single human bladder. As such, we only need to urinate once for every six times you do.”

“Wait a minute, that can’t be right. The other night when you used my cabin’s private bathroom after we were finished…um…” Shepard remembered the rest of her companions, “going over battle plans, you were only in there for about ten seconds.” The memory of the night’s actual events was igniting Shepard’s mind with desire. She began to gently rub Liari’s abdomen under the table, where her friends couldn’t see.

Liara, trying not to react noticeably to Shepard’s caress, kept her composure and replied. “Well, if you’re going to make me relay all of the embarrassing details…You see, Asari’s have what you would consider an extremely wide urethral opening. Both bladders are connected to this opening and are basically emptied all at once. From there, the urination process is identical to a human female’s, except large quantities of urine exit in a short span of time. Instead of releasing a stream, it is more like emptying a bucket.”

Shepard and Ashley were clearly humbled by the Asaris’ convenient peeing abilities, but Tali was none too impressed. “You may be better equipped organically than us Quarians,” she said, “but I think I’ve got the easiest peeing method.”

“And that is…?” Shepard asked, dismayed that humans were being revealed as the lowest of all urinators.

“Well, the suit takes care of that. My bladder is about the same as a human’s, but I can release the urine at any time. It then gathers in a tank beneath my, uh, well, you know. Once the tank’s full, I simple press this button on my side,” Tali pointed at the tiny button, “and the urine is released in a fine mist throughout hundreds of microscopic holes along the suit’s lower region. I never even have to use a toilet.”

“So you could just pee anywhere at anytime, and no one would know?” Shepard asked.

“Well, assuming you didn’t notice the yellow cloud, then yes. It evaporates quickly, but it can definitely be seen for a moment.”

“I suppose Tali has me beat, then,” Liara laughed.

Ashley and Shepard nodded in agreement, but EDI wasn’t one to be left out. “The Quarian urination process is the most convenient of all organics, but I am an AI. I do not ever need to release urine.”

“So peeing’s a foreign concept to you?” Ashley asked.

EDI thought for a moment. “I suppose my version of peeing occurs when I am synched to the Normandy. During flight, the Normandy uses up fuel and releases water vapor. As I am linked to these processes, it feels the way I would imagine an organic feels when they release the contents of their bladder.”

Ashley stood up. “All of this has been just fascinating, but I have to piss like a racehorse!”

“Likewise,” Shepard said.

“Lucky for me, I actually CAN piss like a racehorse.” Liara flashed her mocking smile again. “Funnily enough, I believe all of our bladder’s have filled at the same time. I’ll join you two.”

“My tank is full to the brim. Quarian etiquette forbids me from releasing it in an enclosed space, so I suppose I’ll accompany you all to the bathroom.”

“Well I guess now we can all show off what we’ve been bragging about,” Shepard laughed.

“Hardly.” Liara replied. “I don’t think peeing in a sectioned off stall will give anyone much of a show.”

Ashley contemplated this for a moment. “Then let’s not use a bathroom.”

The four girls, including EDI, all looked at Ashley with shock. She was beginning to feel embarrassed at her bold statement until Shepard took the reigns.

“I know just the place.”

*006*2015-03-05 05:37

Glad everyone enjoyed it! Update coming very, VERY soon!

*007*2015-03-06 02:11

The Citadel lacked the bustling energy it once had. Civilians tried to retain a normal, functioning routine, but the ever-present threat of total annihilation fostered a sense of glassy-eyed obliviousness. As such, nobody commented on the boisterous group of women whooping and laughing as they strolled the labyrinthine corridors.

Liara clung to Shepard’s arm. Her body jostled with the growing need to empty her bladder, but her fingers brushed her lover’s forearm as gently as they would in desperation-free sobriety. “Where are you leading us, Shepard?”

Shepard gripped Liara’s hand. “Shh, not so loud. I don’t want any undue attention.” She turned down a dim hallway in the Citadel embassies. The other women trailed her eagerly.

“Shepard,” Tali whined, “both my tank and my bladder are full. I can’t pee another drop until I release what’s already there.” Her hand unconsciously hovered over the urine release button on her suit, the Quarian equivalent of jamming one’s hands on their crotch during times of urinary urgency.

“Ugh, I haven’t had to pee this bad since basic training!” Ashley yelped as the group continued past various offices of foreign dignitaries. “I remember when I first started, I’d hold it in until I could find a proper bathroom. Didn’t want to do my business in front of the other recruits.”

“What-oof- what changed?” Tali asked, trying to get her mind off her own need.

Ashley smiled weakly. “Well, after awhile I got comfortable around my fellow soldiers. I must’ve squatted and pissed on the foliage of a dozen different planets.” She eyed a potted plant beside the Hanar ambassador’s office. “Wouldn’t mind giving that a watering right about now.”

“Alright, everyone quiet down.” Shepard stopped in front of the Salarian councilor’s office. “We’re here.”

“Shepard, it appears you have mistaken,” EDI analyzed. “This is a Citadel councilor’s office, not a restroom.” The other three, however, shared a sly, knowing glance.

Shepard pointed her omni-tool at the keycode and the door slide open. She walked in, beckoning her companions with a slight gesture.

The Salarian councilor kept his office in tip-top shape, as his species would suggest. A well-organized desk centered the room, with undoubtedly important documents categorized tidily across the surface. It was a sparsely decorated room; nothing littered the glistening white floor, and the only other items beside a large vid player were a framed diploma on the east wall and a speckles robe hanging on a hook in the corner.

“The councilor’s gave me years of grief despite everything I’ve…everything we’ve done for them. It’s about time we got a little revenge, wouldn’t you say?”

Liara laughed. “Goddess, Shepard, I liked the drunk you! But why the Salarian and not, say, the Turian councilor?”

“Salarian’s panic over a bit of dust. Imagine how the councilor would react to a piss-covered office.”

“Your calculations are accurate, Shepard,” EDI said. “Amongst the councilors, improper urination would evoke the strongest reaction from the Salarian.”

“Salarian, Asari, Turina,” Ashley exclaimed as she made her way to the wall, one hand already tugging at her pants, “makes no difference to me. I’m wetting NOW. Dibs on his diploma.” She grabbed the framed documentation and threw it to the ground, stepping aside lightly to avoid the resulting bits of glass. She then carefully picked up the prestigious paper and placed it a few feet from the broken frame. “Well what are you all waiting for?”

“That’s the spirit, Ash!” Shepard jogged over to the desk. “I can’t tell you how many times I fantasized about doing this when that pompous fool called me in to reprimand me for whatever infraction he could cook up.” She climbed the mahogany structure and began to lower her pants. “Come on Liara, don’t be modest. It’s nothing I haven’t seen before, after all.”

Liara shrugged. “Well, when in Rome.” She grabbed the priceless silk robe and dropped it in a crumple on the floor. “Watch closely, ladies. Asari consorts charge customer thousands of credits for this show.”

Before Liara could begin, Ashley was already wetting away all over the diploma. She had positioned herself in a half-squat, giving her greater control over her stream. “And here I thought whizzing in the open air mid-combat was thrilling!” She swayed back and forth, allowing her pee to splatter over every inch of the document. It was becoming saturated, and went from a glossy white to a deep yellow.

“I shall survey the area to ensure your activities go unnoticed,” EDI offered as she made her way into the hallway.

“I should warn you three,” Tali began quietly. “My tank literally couldn’t be fuller.”

“I think we’re all in the same boat, Tali,” Shepard said, holding her bladder until the Quarian could join.

“I suppose, but there’s a bit of a setback. My tank can contain a LOT of urine. Releasing it all, well, the entire room will be covered in a light misting of pee.”

“So what do you suggest?” Liara asked.

Tali pressed her button. “I suggest everyone closes their mouths.” A soft hiss followed. Slowly but surely, a light yellow cloud escaped Tali’s suit and dispersed throughout the room.

“Oh god! Tali!” Ashley was the first to be hit by the pee cloud. It wasn’t very concentrated, as the room was large enough to allow for a diluted release, but it was still very noticeable. Ashley’s own stream tapered off as a sheen of Tali’s urine stuck to her face. “Eww, oh it’s in my mouth! Blegh!”

“Told you to keep your mouth closed,” Tali laughed. “Ahhh, I feel so much better now!”

“Guess I better finish up fast and get out of here before I get hit,” Shepard announced lightheartedly. She squatted over the desk and released the floodgates. Her stream put Ashley’s to shame. Pee formed in a huge puddle, little rivulets spilling over the desk’s edge. Nothing was safe; every file on the councilor’s desk soaked up the contents of Shepard’s full bladder. She closed her mouth and eyes as Tali’s cloud approached.

“Good luck, Shepard,” Liara laughed as she formed a biotic shield around herself. The pee cloud bounced harmlessly off the shield. “Now that I know I can stay dry, it’s about time I make this robe very, VERY wet!” All eyes were on Liara as she began her piss. She had not exaggerated. Standing over the robe with her legs spread, Liara poured what seemed like a gallon of yellow pee all over the fabric. Within seconds the robe was absolutely soaked, and an enormous puddle began to from around it.

It was over as fast as it had begun. Asari bladders were indeed efficient, as Liara’s pee lasted less than ten seconds despite her extreme desperation. She left the robe in her river of urine and made her way outside the room.

Meanwhile, Shepard was finishing her pee. She had managed to salvage a record of some tedious meeting and used the long sheet to first wipe away the droplets of Tali’s urine off her face, then to wipe herself. She tossed the record into a pile of soggy documents and also made her way to the exit.

All of the women gathered outside the office and Shepard closed and locked the door behind her. “What the hell, Tali?” Ashley exclaimed.

Tali shuffled her feet sheepishly. “I didn’t have a choice. It was an emergency! I’m sorry, Ashley.” She glanced up. “And I’m sorry Shepard. I hope you didn’t get too wet.”

Shepard smiled. “Just a few drops, no biggie. Wouldn’t mind a warning next time, though.”

“Aye aye, captain!” Tali brightened up.

As the women laughed and discussed the amazingly naughty act, EDI came running towards them. “I recommend we disperse immediately. The councilor is approaching.”

The fear (and thrill) of possibly getting caught gave the girls a burst of energy. They all ran in the opposite direction, laughing uproariously all the way. They finally stepped to catch their breath when they were plenty far away from the desecrated office.

“Hey, Liara,” Shepard said quietly to the Asari as the other women continued to loudly discuss their antics. “That really was amazing. You said people pay Asari thousands of credits to see that?”

Liara smiled. “This one was on the house.”

Shepard laughed. “Maybe we could arrange a more….private viewing someday.”

Liara stopped and grabbed Shepard’s waist. She leaned in and the two shared a passionate kiss. Liara broke away and winked. “Name the time and the place.”

