Story writing competition - part II - Page 2

Author: Flush

*029*2011-09-11 16:09

Sorry for being inactive, but my internet connection was down last week.

IMPORTANT: The closing date of the competition is now 16 OCTOBER (as discussed in the topic). This will be the final date, don't be late!

About the prize; the competition is supposed to be for fun, not for personal gain. The real prize is the fame - being animepee's best competitive writer of the month (Hmm now that I think about it, maybe a temporary personal forum title is possible? - I'll ask kenshin) At the other hand, I didn't want to leave the future winner empty-handed, hence the small reward. I was also hoping it would encourage contestants to finish/submit their story. Don't know whether the prize helps, but I think it's worth a shot ;)

{{: 

It's not stickied because it's more of a planning-of-contest than the actual contest. Once the details are set down (and, probably, judges are chosen), the contest thread itself will likely be stickied and get more privileges (permit for double posting, for one).

}}

Apart from picking the judges, what are the additional details to be filled in? Read: what are the requirements for an official contest thread? I think all rules are already set in this thread. Read: hey, what the ** is wrong with this thread?

Just kidding, I welcome the discussion, it's just that I don't know what you have in mind. So, what do you have in mind? ;)

{{: 

'cracks knuckles' i'll give it a go. Questiion; besides omorashi, can it have any other sexual nature in it like groping or masturbation or something?

}}

Thank you for your interest. Yes, you can use any kind of sexual/non-sexual tone in your story, in fact; I welcome a creative spin to the scenario. In case of "extreme" fetishes (e.g. hardcore sex, scat,...), I think a warning could be useful to not to scare the judges, but it's not a requirement.

*031*2011-09-11 16:50

{{: 

The intent. The topic was made in order to discuss the idea -- if you feel the discussion has been going on for long enough, and don't want to start a new thread (a common wish, actually, to get rid of outdated replies), just say so and I'll go ahead and sticky it.

A custom title under the user's name is possible for the mods to do (like Zryouiki's 'is awesome') but users can set this, too. An entirely new group would need to be done by Kenshin.

I'm assuming that judges may refuse to judge a submition if they are unwilling to read about certain things?

}}

1) Ok well umm... personally I think this topic will do. Just two pages of discussion isn't that long in my opninion. I was planning to open another thread to announce a winner/publish the stories after the stories are judged, but before the competition ends, all there is is discussion, no?

2) Ah, I wasn't aware of the fact that users can set their own custom title. That wasn't a good idea, then.

3) Yes, I think it's fair that judges can refuse a submission if they have a well-founded reason to do so.

*041*2011-10-09 20:06

Ok, I'm back. Sorry for being inactive for the last month - I was on vacation first and then I started working at my job and didn't have many time left. I really mean it... sorry. Still one week until the closing date of the competition, so if you haven't finished your story yet, now is the time to do so!

Yes, there are still a few things that yet have to be decided. One aspect is the judging panel; Ranpalan is in, Silvery S Slash informed me that he wanted to judge too in case of a vacant position, and so did AtrumMaximus in the post above mine. Does anyone object about the last two candidate judges?

That makes a group of 4 judges, I think 4 or 5 is enough...

Ishigreensa, I've read your post with the evaluation traits carefully and I'll think about mixing your judging criteria with Slaters criteria. Nothing certain yet though, I'll discuss it with the other judges, alright?

At last, about submitting the story; just send it to me by a PM.

*043*2011-10-16 11:15

Last day of the competition! People, submit your stories if you haven't already!

So, I have thought about the categories to be judged, and below is my proposal. First of all I added a category "arousal" as suggested. I also tried to fit Ishigreensa's suggestions into the original categories; the original category "style" covered details and word choice, so I bundled them. Conventions was already in there, and I think that plot pretty much covers fluency and organization.

At last, I reduced the importance of characterization from 10 to 5 points.

Are these changes alright for everyone?

{{: 

Conventions of grammar and spelling - 0-5 points

Basically an overview of how well the sentences are structured and spelling.

Keep in mind that sometimes sentences are cut short, dragged on, or even one word long on purpose. This isn't an English paper, it's a story. But for us to fully understand and appreciate writing talent requires good grammar and spelling. Since not everyone has English as their first language, and you can only be so perfect, I gave a scoring scale max of 5.

Style – a combination of details and word choice - 0-5 points

The writer is providing the reader with enough information that the reader can almost visualize everything that is happening, and rather than having too many distracting details that just fill space, the details are focused on the situation at hand. He doesn't use words that are over general and really describe nothing, but actually picks out "colorful adjectives, adverbs and verbs so that too many other words are unnecessary. For example:

"There was a red wine rose which was brilliant and pretty. It was upon a hill with grass that was growing around it. And it was in the sun."

- vs.

"There was a rose that glistened in the sun radiating its warmth to all that viewed it upon the lush green hill."

Characterization - 0-5 points

How believable were the characters? Were you attached to them?

Characters are one of the most important aspects to a story. Grammar and spelling can be utter crap, and the style boring, but the characters are what drives us to continue. We get attached to them, what authors call "identifying with the characters". We feel them as real, and they compel us to laugh, cry, or shout for joy. In essence, characters control the feelings of the readers (viewers in the case of motion picture) and can make up every dimension of a good story.

The core of the story are the characters. The core of the characters are their cares.

Arousal – 0-5 points

Does the reader find the story stimulating while reading it, or is the story senseless in that respect? Is there a passage that catches your attention sexually? Does the story raise involuntary thoughts? Or does it repulse the reader?

Plot - 0-10 points

The hardest thing about a short story; how well characters acted and events fell into place. Was it exciting? Any twists? Was it unique?

On a most basic level, the plot is what separates poetry from prose. It is simply, the actions and reactions of characters to events taking place and what challenges the characters and makes us attached to them. This makes the entire story captivating to read.

}}

*048*2011-10-18 19:14

I have sent the stories to all judges and the judging process can begin. Please have a little patience; it will take some time to read and judge the sumbissions. I don't have a clue when whe will be done reviewing. I hope we can announce a winner until the end of the month ;)

Thank you for all submissions.

