RWBY - Cinema Calamity

Author: Moki

*000*2016-05-16 16:22

Chalk one up for another fanfic! RWBY themed yet again and based loosely on a request I got a while ago - though not entirely. The goal here was to make it so every character had to pee at some point, so I'm going to do omo for each of them. Starting with Blake and Ruby mainly.

Without further ado, enjoy!

~~~~~~

"Movie?" The energetic crimson girl suggested to her team, a beaming smile upon her face as she seemed to have thought that through a great deal. There was a moment of hesitation as the two remaining members of team RWBY looked between each other, Blake and Weiss.

"You DO know we have some important classes to revise for today, right?" Weiss questioned with a look of slight distaste upon her face, her elegant voice showing clear opposition to the idea.

"Awh, come on Weiss! It'll be fun~" Yang spoke up, intervening between the two. "Just think about it - a nice girl's night out where we don't have to worry about dumb papers. Wouldn't that be great for once~?" She attempted to persuade Weiss with her massive charisma, though it didn't seem to be working.

"......Some time off from the work could help us a lot, honestly." The black and white cat faunus spoke up, shrugging very slightly. "Too much work is never good."

"See? Even Blakey agrees, c'mon! What's the worst that could happen?" Yang inquired with a smirk.

Weiss grumbled and reluctantly accepted the offer, maybe some time off could help. Regardless it didn't seem like she was going to be able to give 'no' as an answer anyway. They sure were persistent team members... Though she simply rolled her eyes.

Ruby smirked to herself at the display from Weiss. She was going to help her teammates have a great night! What WAS the worst that could happen, right?

...

...

...

That was a good four or five hours ago. Ruby anxiously looked around the interior of the theatre, biting her lip. The film was still on and she hadn't had a single chance to take care of a rather urgent need which was only growing. Normally she'd have dashed to the bathroom long ago but for some reason she felt like it'd be... silly. She knew she was the youngest but... not being able to wait until the end of the film to relieve herself? That would be... embarrassing.

She instead crossed her leg over the top of the other, gently pressing her hand into her combat skirt and applying pressure to her private area, attempting to ease the pressure with the natural instincts that people for some reason had... "......Man...." She quietly mumbles to herself, wishing she never drank a single drop. How come no one else in her team was having any trouble with this? They shared the biggest soda she'd ever seen, and she was sure everyone drank as much as her at least! 2 years age gap didn't mean THAT much, surely?!

Little did the young huntress in training know, she wasn't the only one in distress.

Drumming her fingers against the armrest of the chair, the heiress of Schnee Dust bobbed her knees slightly up and down. She glanced to Ruby who returned her gaze, causing her to stop her movements at once.

("This is just a nuisance... ugh, I have to pee...") Weiss thought to herself with a groan of discomfort. The movie was fairly loud anyway. She was somewhat enjoying watching it until her body decided to alert her about such an annoying need. ("...Still... I'll hold it.") She thought, ("I'm not a little girl.") She instead folded her arms, glancing at the crimson girl again. She couldn't help but notice that she was... moving about a lot. Almost as if she was in the same positio-

...Oh.

Blake meanwhile was doing better than the other two, having held back a lot on drinking - out of both courtesy - and caution. She had a relatively difficult time holding a lot of pee and she was making sure to not have to worry about that problem. Especially so with the fact that her... scent, was a lot stronger than a non-faunus'. Washing it out was almost impossible. So Blake simply watched the film - engrossed in it. Her deep yellow eyes lingering...

Yang at least had nothing to worry about. She was completely asleep having drifted away in likely boredom during the course of the showing. Lucky.

...

A good hour passed... the movie at long last drawing to a halt...

Ruby whined quietly to herself, absolutely desperate. She felt her bladder making a prominent bulge against the waistband of her combat skirt which felt far too tight against her skin, straining and squirming around. She immediately got up to her feet, "B-Be right back!" She quickly blurted, making a livid dash out, leaving a trail of petals before anyone else even thought about starting to leave.

Weiss on the other hand was quivering slightly, thighs clenching to put ease on herself. "W-well that took far longer than I expected..."

"Wh-Wha? Movie's done?" Yang snapped awake, glancing around. She blinked, before shrugging. "Aw well, guess it must've been lame." She yawned with a stretch.

"...." Blake was entirely quiet remaining seated.

"Enough about the movie, let's just get going. Ruby already ran off." Weiss said, her face flushed red from both her own desperation - and slight turn on. The idea she had to run that fast put images into Weiss'-what was she doing?!

Filth...

"Really? Wow, guess she was in a hurry. Lemme guess, had to pee?" Yang smirked. "She has a habit of never going when out with people until it's really bad or until she's got a good excuse~"

Weiss blushed at the idea of several experiences like that, but shook her head. "We should probably hurry and catch up anyway. Let's go."

"Yeah, sure." Yang said, before noticing Blake still seated. "Uh... Blake, you oka-" She trailed off when she noticed that Blake's hands were very firmly between her legs.

"......" She had tears in her eyes, clinging on for dear life.

"A-are you-uh..." Yang froze a little bit. "Blake, can you stand?" She asked, first trying to clarify that much at least, her own face turning scarlet.

Blake simply shook her head. For some reason her urge had spiked mercilessly towards the end and now - she felt she was at her limit. Truth was, her urethra was already slowly but surely giving in, her panties slowly starting to get damp with her urine as she desperately pressed her finger straight against the source, essentially trying to plug it.

Yang seemed to slightly panic, "W-what do we do, then?! We can't just let her-"

Weiss suddenly shushed Yang, "Don't draw attention!" She spoke up, ignoring her own need in favor of Blake. "Listen, this'll sound like a crazy idea, but the lights are very dim and since you can't stand it's your only option." She said, before handing the totally bone dry, quite large cup of what WAS deluxe soda to Blake. "Use this."

Blake's eyes widened. "I-I can't do that!"

"People are already mostly cleared out anyway - it's just us that'll know you did anything! What, would you prefer wetting your pants?" Weiss asked, almost aggressive.

Yang felt herself almost nose bleeding at the sheer idea of Blake using the large soda cup as her toilet, but nodded. "Y-yeah, we can... we can go meet up with Ruby. Just leave the cup in the holde-"

"...I-I'll need someone to stand guard..." Blake grimaced, wrestling with her pants.

Yang felt her face turn hot. "U-uh, Weiss, you do it. I should check on my sister and all." She said, before quickly making a dash out.

Weiss pouted in protest. "Wait you can't just-! Ugh...! Fine..." She folded her arms, bending her knees inwards.

Blake felt absolutely ashamed but she was going to pee whether she liked it or not if she stood up - she knew that much - and she'd much rather it be somewhere that wasn't her clothes. She squirmed and writhed about as she barely managed to pull her bottom clothing items down to her knees, sweating lightly as she shuffled to the edge of the seat, a finger pressed directly into her exposed, dribbling folds as she used her other hand to quickly pick up the soda cup.

Weiss remained on guard, looking around carefully. She felt herself getting a lot more desperate in anticipation of Blake's own release, annoyingly enough. "C-could you hurry it up?!" Weiss practically begged.

"I'm... going as fast as I can!" Blake said, before she gave a quiet gasp as she relaxed herself, the cup held right at her flower. The sound of the credits music mostly overshadowed the sound - but up as close as Weiss and Blake, there was a distinct splattering of liquid violently clashing against plastic - before it turned into against other liquid, filling rapidly as Blake's release became completely unrestrained.

Despite the fact that she was in such a state of bliss, she was focused entirely on catching it all and was surprisingly quiet - only the sound of her exhaling through her nostrils in desperate breaths coming directly from her.

Weiss meanwhile was practically melting, doing her best to keep watch but her focus was so amiss as a result of her hand needing to be desperately clutching her own crotch, shifting left and right on the spot. She wasn't going to be rude to Blake as she was... well, taking care of business. But she was darn right tempted to scream at her to hurry up. It took a solid minute or so before Blake was done. She managed to fill the cup about halfway - considering the size, that was impressive. The aroma of Blake's musk was very strong - especially so close - and it made her absolutely furiously blush as she put the cup to the side. Whoever came in to clean would have to deal with that... at least she didn't wet herself...?

"....Don't speak of this ever again." Blake said, quickly fumbling to get her pants up, feeling the cold, wet touch of her panties against her satisfied girlhood.

"Whatever, let's just go already!" Weiss said quickly leading the way with no hesitation, having been pushed very far herself by that point.

((Whew, additional stuff will probably come soon! Sorry for going so dark lately.))

*007*2016-05-22 02:04

As all of the desperation was unfolding with Blake and Weiss... there was still a problem going on for a certain 15 year old. Ruby had dashed out of the cinema faster than she thought her legs would be able to carry her, a massive burst of petals behind her as she stormed through the area to reach the bathroom before anyone else possibly could. She had to be fast, she had to be quick. She couldn't wait much longer!

The female skidded to a sudden, screeching halt however when she noticed a sign on the door to the bathroom - the place she'd be so well off at right about now.

Her eyes widened. "Wh-Wh, no, no that's not fair!" She whined, loudly, not caring about who was around her at that moment. She looked around, the corridors were still at least empty, so she had the luxury of furiously cramming her fingers against her crotch to aid in her efforts of holding back the reservoir she was containing within herself. There was a massive pressure towards her urethra, she felt every last drop trying to squeeze it's way out as she tightly clenched her eyes shut for a moment, struggling to keep control of herself.

She looked around. Where could she even... how could she even...? She felt her face burning hot, her body shaking and convulsing with the extreme effort she had to put in, sweat forming all over her skin as the heat only built. She couldn't focus very well.

Suddenly, however, there was a voice,

"Ruby?"

Ruby jumped in horror, spinning around slightly to look at who had spoken to her, feeling herself suddenly lose a quick spurt of hot urine which dampened her panties immediately, warming up her fingertips which she had firmly pressed into her crotch at that point. She couldn't release her grip if she wanted to. "It's not what it-"

It was Yang. And boy, did she look concerned all of a sudden. "Don't tell me. The bathroom's closed?" She asked, wincing slightly at her sister's predicament. Rather than wait for an answer, she simply continued, "Great... look, there's another bathroom further down the corridor, you can-"

And before Yang could even finish her sentence, Ruby had practically broken the soundbarrier and went down the corridor.

As the blistering wind blew past her from the force in going forward, she felt her bladder give a massive nudge - screaming to STOP what she was doing immediately!

And she had no choice but to obey, painfully falling to her knees right in front of the bathroom door, using both hands to stop herself. She felt her delicate area leaking pee now, the warmth consistent and wet as a dribble came through her panties and straight to her fingers. She pushed her fingers as hard as she could against her peehole, to the point where her skin turned even more white than what it already was, doing her absolute best to not explode there and then.

She tightly clenched her teeth, tears in her eyes, panting hard. "H-Haaahh, nhh...!" She groaned to herself, trying to muster up the strength to get to her feet. She slightly elevated herself, only to take a few more steps before she had to fall back down. Why did her body have to protest so much?! Stupid bladder...!

She writhed around on the spot, feeling another spurt come out. At that point her panties were soaked enough at the very crotch area, urine seeping through and dripping onto the floor. Little did the young huntress know, but she had left a very small dribble trail across the ground unwillingly, too.

Yang had caught up a while ago, but she remained at a distance, hoping Ruby would be able to get through, but seeing her struggling so much made her heart sink slightly. She didn't know how to help - at all. Should she have swept Ruby off the ground and quickly covered the rest of the distance? No, because she'd probably get a shock and piss as a result of that. Should she encourage her to go further? Maybe, but... the last thing the huntress needed was an audience.

...Speaking of audience...

There was an audience for the movie they just watched. The movie in which had just finished moments before. Yang's eyes slightly widened in realization - they would likely be coming this way RIGHT NOW! She looked back to Ruby. She had no choice. Either it was a little bit of embarrassment from her sister or the lifetime grief of the entire cinema audience.

Suddenly, she had covered the distance really quick and in one very fast swoop... "Come on!" She picked Ruby off the ground, quickly booting down the bathroom door.

Ruby's eyes widened in horror at that, and she tightly jammed her thighs together, her cape flailing in the movements like crazy. She coiled up in Yang's arms, and despite her best efforts, she was losing control fast, and after a few more moments, she literally couldn't hold it anymore after that sudden shock.

Yang came to a halt at the realization her arm under Ruby's legs was getting wet, gasping slightly.

Ruby shamefully closed her eyes tightly as she felt her bladder completely give in, a violent spray of pee gushing straight out of her folds and completely ignoring the barrier that was her panties, splashing right through it in an arc which wet Yang. Her skirt got wet pretty quickly as did her tights, the urine relentlessly covering her lower body. Yang at that point didn't really care about getting wet - her sister was going through one of the most mortifying things possible.

After a solid minute of non-stop gushing, Ruby finally stopped whizzing all over the place. Below her and Yang was a sizeable puddle... and the huntress was in total shock and disbelief. "........"

Yang very slowly put Ruby onto her feet, before putting her hands on her shoulders. "H-Hey, Ruby, it's alright..." She spoke, softly.

The crimson girl felt herself cringe at that, tears rolling down her face unwillingly. There was a build up of emotion inside of her, and she suddenly felt herself snap.

"L-Leave me alone, Yang!" She shouted, full of hurt, quickly retreating into a stall and locking it, leaning against the door.

The older sister was rather surprised - it wasn't often she got so upset she actually shouted at her, but she couldn't blame her younger sister too much. "....." Rather than say anything else to make things worse, Yang simply obliged, walking out of the bathroom.

The moment she heard the bathroom's main door close, Ruby simply broke down into tears. It was way too much to take in all at once. She felt cold, wet, her legs absolutely drenched... all she could do was just sob to herself.

...

Meanwhile, outside of the bathroom, Yang slipped on a fake "out of order" sign to make sure that no-one else would walk in, the mass crowd walking past with looks of discomfort. Most of the females complained about how 'all the bathrooms' were out of order, and likely went to find somewhere else...

It wasn't long before Weiss and Blake had made their way along - quite late after the large crowd.

Blake's face was still scarlet as she rubbed her upper arm.

Weiss was also blushing to herself, absolutely restraining herself from putting her hand onto her crotch. The rigid and almost aggressive movements of her thighs was enough to show just how bad she had to go. "A-Are you kidding me?! Out of order, too?!" She complained, fuming.

Yang shook her head, "It's a fake sign. Ruby uh... didn't make it in time." She explained, scratching the back of her head.

Blake frowned slightly at that, immediately feeling a great deal of sympathy. She was close to having not made it before - the only reason she did was luck, essentially... the leader of the team not making it sounded cruel.

Weiss felt herself shrink back a little bit. "...O-Oh..." Her own need practically vanished at that. While she was definitely fighting a little to hold it, she wasn't very close to actually full on urinating all over herself. "...Is she in there?"

"She's locked herself in a stall. I've tried talking to her but she won't listen to me. ...Maybe you could try...?" Yang asked, looking at Weiss.

"..." Weiss looked a little embarrassed, but she nodded. "...A-Alright... I'll give it my best shot..." She said, quietly. It wouldn't be proper to just go pee first in this situation, would it? That would surely make Ruby's situation worse... so Weiss simply mentally prepared herself. She was going to likely see Ruby soaked. She was going to have to hold her pee as well, for who knew how long. Both of those things terrified her, yet at the same time, mildly excited her... but she had to keep focused.

She opened the door to the bathroom...

$$

$$

$$

