In the saddle

Author: Piddly

*000*2019-10-10 15:41

With thanks to @Barry for the inspiration, here's hopefully the start of something new.

Don't ask where I'm going with it, or what's going to feature, because I honestly haven't got a clue, haha! This is just a quick 10 minute into, because my fingers and my brain were getting a bit lethargic after so long away from writing. And please don't panic when you see the mention of a schoolgirl, it's just a bit of background - the story itself is all going to be set in the present day, with Katie at college. No Omo yet, just a bit of scene setting.

Those of you who have given me some other ideas to work on, don't worry I will be having a go at those too, this just appealed to me when I saw it mentioned, and before I knew it I was a thousand words in.

____

After a long and tiring day at college, Katie Swanson could not wait to let her hair down - quite literally - and let go of the stress of her week. She didn’t have plans to go wild and party though, oh no, what she was looking forward to most was riding off into the sunset astride her faithful and trusty stead, Spirit.

Katie had not long turned 17, and was currently working her way through the first year of sixth form college, studying hard to earn decent grades in her A-Level exams so that she could have her pick of the best universities and really make a successful career for herself. She knew she had to, she had little choice, her family had very little, and what they did manage to scrape together usually got pissed up the wall. None of them worked, at least not legitimately, so she had no idea where her own commitment and dedication came from, but right from the age of 12 she’s done all she could to earn some money and pay her own way in life. Perhaps the stigma of being labelled a ‘scrounger’ and a ‘benefit kid’ through school had stuck with her and really left it’s mark - she wanted better than that, she knew she was worth more than that, and she was determined to prove it not only to those who looked down their noses at her and her family, but also to herself.

Spirit really was her pride and joy, it had taken her working all through her school holidays since she’d started at high school a little over half a decade ago, but finally towards the end of her last summer term she’d managed to scrape together enough money to buy him, and how her heart had swelled as she’d met him at the livery yard for the first time. She’d melted, her tough exterior crumbling away around her and she’d dissolved into tears of unbridled joy. He was just perfect, everything she wanted in life, and he was hers - nobody else’s, all hers.

Katie’s passion for horses had all started back in her first term at her new school, she was only 11 then, and had been invited to a friends ‘pony party’ at the local riding stables. All of the other girls had arrived with their own helmets, matching jodhpurs and one or two had even arranged for their own ponies to be transported from home - that was when she’d realised just how different her own background was to that of all of there friends, and it had really hurt. She’d been the one in tatty jeans and t-shirt, with no idea how to handle a horse, but she’d fallen in love with everything about riding and quickly proved to have a certain way with the ponies, a confidence which belied her lack of experience and which took both her friends and the stables staff completely by surprise.

At the end of the party, the yard manager had approached her slovenly dad to ask whether he’d consider sending her for riding lessons, because they were so impressed by her natural talent and thought that with a little nurturing she could develop into a truly skilful handle and rider. Of course, he’d done nothing but laugh in the kiddy gentleman’s face, and that’s before he’d heard what the cost would be! Katie was heartbroken, but this reaction only steeled her resolve, making her more determined than ever to achieve her goal and make her dreams come true. Unbeknownst to her dad, Katie had visited the stables again after school later on that week, and had pleaded with the manager to be allowed to help out. She had no means of payment, and she made that quite clear, but she could do anything that they’d let her if it meant that she got to spend some time with the horses.

Over the years, Katie had spent every spare waking moment at the yard - working in the stables when the manager would let her, and riding and spending time with the horses the rest of the time. Her natural horsemanship skill continued to shine through, and as she became more confident her ability grew and grew, until she could handle even the biggest and most stubborn stallions liveried there with ease, putting even the full time staff to shame at times with how easily the animals obeyed her. She’s saved every penny that she earned, not treating herself to so much as a packet of sweets or a magazine through the entire five years until eventually she’d accumulated enough to buy a handsome black colt of her very own, a 4 year old standing at a little over 14 hands, and her one true love in life, her Spirit.

Even now the intensity of her studies had increased considerably, Katie made sure to find time to visit the yard every single day, without fail. Often she’d be there at the crack of dawn, mucking out and helping in the tack room, conscious that whilst she’d reached her target, horses cost a lot of money in stabling, food and vet bills, so she had to keep earning if she was going to be able to support Spirit. Then, like today, as soon as she finished at college she’d shoot home, change her clothes and then walk the 2 miles back to the stables to exercise him, and often one or more of the other horses if their owners weren’t able to get there that day - that’s the way the livery worked, everybody looked out for each other, and it’s the main reason Katie felt so happy and comfortable there.

Having dropped her college bag on the hallway floor, she called a hurried “Hello” through to her family, who she knew would be sat in the lounge working their way through the days supply of cheap and cheerless supermarket beer, barely even noticing whether she was home or not, before heading up the stairs for a quick shower and to change into her riding gear, only finally feeling free and at ease once she’d walked back out of the door and set off on her cross-country route to meet her best friend in the whole world.

Singing contentedly to herself, she’d skipped across fields and clambered over styles, pleased to see that she’d achieved a record time as she walked through the gate to the yard, making sure of course to close it firmly behind her, and smiling widely at the thought of an extra half hour of freedom. Letting herself into the stable block, Katie rounded the corner into Spirit’s stall, and her eyes fell upon the most stunning boy she’d ever seen, a shock of hair as black as the horse he was grooming and a rugged, weathered look lit up by a ruddy complexion and a dancing smile which took her breath away. Wow.

“Hey, I’m Jethro, but everybody calls me Jet.”

“M..Em…Oh, Hhhhhiya, I’m K..k…Katie.” She stammered, tripping over her words in the rush to greet him, butterflies fluttering in her stomach, which seemed to be doing summersaults. Was this what love at first sight felt like, she wondered? The only time she'd ever felt anything like this was when she'd first set eyes on Spirit, and she knew that had been true love, but this was different, more intense. Wow.

*002*2019-10-10 19:45

Regaining her composure a little, and realising that he must look like a gibbering imbecile to this handsome young stranger, Katie looked him straight in the eye confidently and managed to utter the first coherent sentence since she’d arrived at the yard.

“Sorry, couldn’t quite get my words out then! I’ve not seen you around here before, Jet, do you have a horse stabled here?”

“Haha, yeah I often have that effect.” Jet tipped her a cheeky wink, and then burst out laughing. In truth, he wasn’t half as cocky and confident as he tried to come across, but it was a great way of hiding his own apprehension and nerves when speaking to a, frankly, startlingly beautiful girl. “No, I’m just lending a hand to earn myself a few quid whilst we’re in town, that’s all. Is this handsome chap yours then?”

Jet’s forthright approach had broken the ice, and both immediately felt more at ease in each other’s company, finding it far easier to chat openly and get to know each other a little better. Katie quickly explained about Spirit, how very important he was to her and also how he’d come to be in her life. She swelled with pride as she recounted the struggles she’d been through to get him, and also the joy he’s brought to her.

In return, Jet talked a little about his own background in the traveller community, how they never stayed in one place for very long - either being moved along by the authorities, or needing to find a new ‘patch’ to earn a living. Most of the older men in his group worked in the manual trades, things like building, carpentry and landscaping, but he’d always been one for the animals and as well as taking care of their own pets and livestock he’d tried to find work helping at stables or on farms whenever he was able to. As was typical amongst his people, despite only being a year older than Katie was he’d been out of education probably since she’d started high school, and had worked throughout most of his adolescence, meaning he’d built quite a respectable skillset, something that was evident from his handling of Spirit.

“Usually he won’t let anybody but me groom him, you know. You really have got a way with them, haven’t you?”

Gazing at the colt affectionately as he worked his rough mane, Jet nodded slowly and then turned to look at Katie. “I’ve always found a stronger connection with the horses than the people, I guess that makes me sound pretty crazy to you, doesn’t it? No doubt you’ve got lots of friends, but to me I prefer to spend time with the beasts, they ‘get’ me in a way that no person ever has, and I think I ‘get’ them too”

She had no idea what made her do it - she’d never craved the affection of another person herself either, nor had she felt affection beyond the platonic, familial love that she almost felt obliged to feel, but something inside Katie made her reach out her hand and place it gently atop Jet’s, following his motion as he combed through the horses long, coarse hair.

She murmured softly, gently “Oh Jet, I get it, believe me I do. You could have been describing me then, those could have been my words.”

Taking his hand in hers, she pulled it towards her, causing him to drop the brush he was using and look straight into her piercing blue eyes, startled b this sudden physical intimacy which was so alien to him. So alien to both of them.

“Katie, are you in there?” A shrill, piercing voice called out through the stable block from behind them. “I thought I saw you crossing the yard earlier, have you got a moment?”

The moment shattered, the spell broken, and both Katie and Jet jolted from their reverie, startled by the unexpected interruption. It was Nancy, the tack room supervisor, who bustled her way through to the stall where she found a pair of slightly shell-shocked young people, both seemingly unsure where they where or what had just happened.

“Ah, I see you’ve met Jet then? As he may have told you, he’s going to be helping out around the yard for a few weeks, mostly things like the mucking out and hosing down, which will free you up a bit, won’t it?”

Katie nodded, still struggling to bring herself back down to earth and to give Nancy her full attention.

“Excellent! Well, I remember you mentioning that you’ve got a week off from college next week, yes? How do you fancy looking after the tack for a few days whilst I travel over to Ireland to meet a new breeder who’s hoping to stable some of his stock here whilst they’re in training?”

Katie’s eyes widened with shock. She’d been helping out at the yard for over 5 years now, and had spent plenty of time in the tack room cleaning and repairing equipment, but never had she been trusted to take care of things on her own. This was a dream come true for her, a real step up the pecking order, and she realised just how much faith and trust Nancy and the rest of the team must have in her if they were prepared to give her this opportunity. For a moment, she just stood opened mouthed as she took in what she’d just heard.

“Oh Nancy, I’d absolutely love to! But, do you really think I’m up to running things on my own? I mean, I know what I’m doing and everything, but it’s such a big responsibility. I’d hate to make a mess of things.”

The older lady nodded reassuringly, and then quite uncharacteristically she gave Katie a small smile. This probably shocked Katie even more than meeting Jet, even more than being asked to take charge, she had NEVER known Nancy to smile before. Not that she wasn’t a pleasant lady, but she was quite old fashioned and tended to show her appreciation in other ways, open affection just didn’t sit right with her, but the smile was warm and welcoming.

“I wouldn’t have asked you if I didn’t think you were capable young lady, but if you don’t feel up to the task I can bring somebody else in.”

“N…no, no, honestly Nancy, I’ll be absolutely fine. And if Jet here is going to be around, I’m sure he won’t mind lending a hand. Thank you, thank you so very much. Wow, what an incredibly opportunity, I really don’t know what to say.”

Her normal demeanour returning, although feeling an intense pride that her young prodigy was so keen to step up to the plate, Nancy nodded curtly before turning to leave, asking Katie to pop in and see her in the office after her ride so that she could take her through what needed to be done, and also provide her with keys to the yard. Then, with a jerk of the hand, she indicated that Jet should follow her as there was work to be done, and she wasn’t paying him to stand around chatting up the ladies all day. He blushed, but nothing like as deeply as Katie did, both agreeing that as tomorrow was Saturday they’d have more time to chat then, and arranging to meet early in the morning.

“Over a coffee?” Katie suggested.

“Over a pile of manure, more likely!” Jet giggled.

As Katie led Spirit out across the yard and saddled him up, she’d honestly never felt happier, her mind spinning with thoughts of her responsibility next week, and the mysterious Jet she she’d only known for less than an hour, but who had made her feel like she had never felt before. It was an odd feeling, she couldn't quite put her finger on it, but she knew that she liked it.

*005*2019-10-10 22:43

{{24 minutes ago, Barry said:

Aw mate! Awesome start. Really excited to see where you go with this!

}}

So am I!

Glad you guys like it so far though!

I should probably point out that I know less than zero about horses, so apologies in advance if any of the technical aspects are wrong - my experience with horses limited to spending 6 months working behind a bar over a decade ago, with regulars who liked a flutter and sent me to the bookies with their bets, haha. That, and I think I may have ridden one when I was about 11, just the once. I've actually ridden more camels than horses in my lifetime, not sure what that says about me?

*007*2019-10-11 07:36

Oh don't you worry, I'm sure there will be plenty of soggy jodhpurs.

*009*2019-10-11 10:46

{{2 hours ago, Anti-Diogenes said:

My knowledge of horses is also severely limited, but something that may be useful to know considering the context: If a rider squeezes their legs together, it is irritating and can even be painful to the horse. Good riders have totally relaxed legs. This is something that can become difficult in some... situations.

Edit: Granted, this is hearsay from when I rode a horse a single time. No citations.

}}

Ah, that's really helpful, thanks! I think I need to go for a horseriding lesson, haha.

*012*2019-10-11 15:37

Oh blimey, maybe I've got a better understanding of the jargon myself if it's enough to confuse others, haha!

@Imouto Kitten

The tack room is where things like saddles, harnesses and other riding equipment is stored and maintained - collectively it's referred to as 'tack'. In small stables, it's usually just a room with shelves, racks and hanging facilities, but for larger livery yards from what I can gather there's often somebody in charge of overseeing the maintenance of tack, and especially if the facility includes riding lessons and equipment hire, which would need to be centrally managed.

Jodhpurs are, as you rightly say, a type of tight fitting trouser, worn to the ankle and usually paired with riding boots. The term breeches is used interchangeably, although my understanding is that breeches tend to stop above the ankle, and jodhpurs often feature a stirrup to stop them riding up. That's the more technically correct definitions as I understand them anyway, but for general use I think either works. And, for the purposes of this story, both do look pretty excellent when somebody has wet themselves wearing them.

Now I sound like I know what I'm talking about...I really don't, honestly! What bits I've picked up have been from fiction I've read myself, and it's all a bit patchy, so I suspect I'll have a Google tab open most of the time whilst I'm writing this one.

*013*2019-10-11 16:20

Leading her trusty steed through the yard gate out onto the open fields beyond, Katie swung herself upwards and mounted his saddle gracefully, a well practised manoeuvre which was often admired by her peers. She was, after all, quite petite and lacked the height of many of the other riders, yet she was often able to mount and dismount far more smoothly than many of them managed. This, again, was an example of her commitment and determination to always do her very best, and to become the best she can at anything she turned her hand too, a trait of which she was proud, given her challenging background.

Spirit walked confidently under her direction, picking out a steady path through the bracken laden countryside, enjoying the opportunity to stretch his legs but also keen to pick up the pace, and often attempting to break into a slow jog, something approaching a trot. Katie, too, wanted to let him run free, relishing the wind in her hair and the exhilaration that she knew a good run would bring, but she was cautious of the ground where they were and wouldn’t take any unnecessary risks, reining in his excitement and enthusiasm until they were clear of the shrubbery. It wasn’t far, perhaps a couple of miles at the most, and as they climbed the brew of the hill ahead Katie’s gaze travelled wide across the open landscape, breathing in deeply and rising from the saddle as she finally let Spirit run freely, whooping with joy has he cantered and built into a gallop, snuffing and snorting his own delight.

Satisfied that they had ‘blown away the cobwebs’, and anxious not to overexert Spirit, Katie again slowed his gait until they were travelling a a steady-but-safe pace, allowing her to take in the beautiful scenery which was rushing past them, and which seemed even more enchanting than ever today. Lost in her own thoughts, the young girl barely noticed the passage of time nor the distance travelled, until she sensed her ride beginning to pull up slowly, immediately snapping her eyes ahead fearing danger or obstruction, perhaps other rider as she knew Spirit was always nervous when approaching strangers. Instead, her eyes met with the rapidly approaching weir of the river, causing her to pull sharply on the reins and turn to the side in order to avoid entering the water - not because both her and Spirit weren’t capable of traversing it safely, of course, but because she did not relish the job of hosing him down back at the yard!

As they drew to a halt, Katie slid deftly from the saddle and led Spirit to the edge of the water, allowing him to drink deeply and quench his thirst. She reached for her own water bottle, but was surprised to find it empty - she always drank as she rode to keep hydrated, but it was rare for her to drink more than half of the bottle. Glancing at her watch, she cried out in disbelief - having reached the riverbank she’s just assumed they’d been travelling faster than she’d realised, but now she could see that the’d been riding for over an hour!

“Oh my, Spirit, we’ve been away ever such a long time already! And we’ve still got, what another hour at best to get back to the yard, probably longer as I don’t doubt your poor legs will be tired. Come on then, we’d best head back or Nancy will be worrying, and , Oh Hell! I’ve got to go and see her before I go home too.”  

Mentally kicking herself for not keeping better track of time and allowing herself to get so lost in the moment, Katie guided Spirit back around and clambered aboard, a little less gracefully on this occasion for despite his smooth ride and sturdy saddle her own legs were weary from the long ride, and she had to admit she wasn’t looking forward to the return journey nearly so much. Besides, now she was starting to understand where all of that water from her bottle had gone. It was only as she sat astride his back once more that she felt the first, niggling sense that she could do with finding a bathroom before too long.

*014*2019-10-11 18:16

The pair made rapid, steady progress to begin with, although after no more than a couple of miles Katie could feel Spirit beginning to labour beneath her, slowing the pace right down and clearly struggling through exhaustion. It had taken them over an hour to read the river, and that was when Spirit was fully fit and raring to go. Now he was tiring, Katie was worried that if she pushed him to hard then he may injure himself, which wasn’t fair to the animal, nor could she afford any more costly vets bills just now, a recent infection having necessitated two separate call-outs, and all but eradicating what had been left of her savings.

No, the only answer was to take things slowly, give him a chance to regain his energy, even if that meant it took them twice as long to get back. Oh, how she wished she’d picked up her mobile phone - the signal was patchy out here at best, but it may have helped her get a message back to the yard to explain where she was, and if necessary to make arrangements to meet Nancy the following day instead, rather than keeping her hanging around all night. Not only that, Katie thought ruefully, but how she also wished she’d nipped to the loo before heading out for this little jaunt. Usually she did exactly that, but meeting Jet had distracted her today, and then the curveball that Nancy had thrown at her had taken her mind of the normal routine completely!

If she was completely honest with herself, the rhythmic motion of Sprit’s gentle trot really wasn’t doing a great deal to help Katie’s growing, pressing need to relieve herself, so she pulled him up again and slid from the saddle once more, reasoning that the walk would be easier for him without her added weight to carry. Leading him along also meant that she could take a moment to adjust herself, and - thankful that nobody was out here to bear witness - even give a little bit of a jig, what you may call a ‘potty dance’ in a young child. Oh how she blushed as she did this…she was 17 years old for heaven’s sake, clearly capable of using a toilet when she needed to, and supposedly well past the stage of having to dance around in public because she needed a wee!

They trudged on, dusk descending over the open countryside, and a cool chill blowing in on the wind, which didn’t help Katie’s predicament, although it did serve to help cool Spirit down from his earlier exertion, to the point that she could feel him beginning to pull at the reins as they walked, clearly feeling able to pick up the pace again. Her own legs aching from the long walk, and not entirely trusting herself to jog with such throbbingly full bladder, Katie gave in and mounted the horse once more, feeling a jolt and a twinge inside her as she swung her leg over his saddle, and clamping her legs tightly against his sides instinctively.

Still a little agitated, Spirit’s temperament wasn’t quite what it usually was, and the shock and discomfort from his riders squeeze caused him to start, surging forward unexpectedly and nearly dismounting poor Katie, who was fighting hard both to stay astride the saddle and also to prevent herself losing control of her bladder, which hadn’t liked the unexpected movement at all.

With one hand now thrust into the crotch of her dusky pink jodhpurs, and the other looped through the rein and patting the side of Spirit’s neck as she attempted to comfort and soothe him, Katie almost chucked at the comical sight they must make. But no, she stifled herself, aware that chuckling probably wasn’t a very good idea right now either. Oh what a pickle she’d got herself into, and she was starting to become very concerned that she wasn’t going to make it back to the yard in time, both before Nancy left for the evening and, more worryingly, before she had a spectacularly humiliating accident. No, no, that couldn’t possibly happen, she hadn’t wet her pants since she was about 7. Now she’s an adult, a college student, and big girls like her didn’t have to worry about wetting themselves, it just wasn’t something they did.

Then a truly horrendous thought struck her…Jet!! Oh no, what if…well, what if it all did go horribly wrong and she didn’t get back to the stables before it was too late. And, what if Jet was still there? That, well that didn’t even bear thinking about. How would he ever live it down? She’d barely even met him, never mind gotten to know him, what if that was his first real impression of her? She’d so wanted to get to know him better, and hoped that maybe he’d want to spend some time with her too, but she doubted that very much if all he saw was a stupid little kid who pissed her pants. Fuck, no, she couldn’t let this happen.

Realising too that failure really wasn’t an option, because apart from the potentially devastating effects on her reputation at the yard, and what her..cr…well, what Jet may think and say, she also had to make her own way home, and traipsing through the streets in wet pants didn’t appeal to her in the slighted, to say nothing of what her family would say if they found out. No, her determination steeled and her hand pushed ever tighter between her legs, she ploughed on, hoping against hope that she could do enough. Please, please.

*017*2019-10-12 08:01

Ahh, so glad you guys are enjoying this. Honestly it's quite out of my comfort zone, so I had no idea how it would come across, but just like with Lucy's story I found myself dreaming up plotlines, so it's got into my head now, haha!

We should find out whether or not she makes it later on this evening.

*019*2019-10-13 09:53

Apologies for the later than anticipated update folks, I had an impromptu meeting with my good friend Mr J Daniels last night, and didn't think it was a good idea trying to write anything coherent after that!

Rounding a familiar corner, Katie was filled with immense relief as she caught sight of the livery yard in the distance. It as still a good 15 minute ride away, but having her goal within her grasp helped to lift her spirits, and without really thinking about what she was doing, she leant forward and pushed Spirit into a rapid canter. Needing both hands to steady her ride, she released the vice like grip on the crotch of her jodhpurs and took the rein firmly - falling off now would spell disaster, not just an embarrassing kick to her riding confident, but near certain wet pants too!

Certain that she was home and dry - quite literally - young Katie began to relax and enjoy what was left of her little jaunt, the evening had cooled but was still light and pleasant, a gentle breeze throwing her loose hair out behind her like a mane and the sound of the birds and wildlife around her was comforting and tranquil. Despite the dull ache in her stomach which occasionally reminded her of its presence with an uncomfortably sharp pain, this was what Katie loved most about riding, the freedom it gave her from the stresses of everyday life.

Poor Katie lost herself in the moment a little too deeply, however, and was shaken from her reverie with a jolt by a loud, shrill and piercing siren which rang out across the open fields and which, in turn, spooked Spirit and caused him to rear up on his hind legs, almost throwing Katie to the ground in his fright. The crow sounder! How had she forgotten about that? Of course, she was usually back at the yard long before this hour, with Spirit safely stabled and settled down for the evening, so it wasn’t something she had to give much thought to, but now she remembered that it wounded every 15 minutes during dusk and twilight hours, keeping the swarms of crows, starlings and pigeons from roosting in the farmers fields and eating the crop.

In a fleeting moment, Katie thought how glad she was that she was atop Spirit when it happened, as it was so much easier to comfort and control him from there, and had he bolted whilst she was leading him on foot the chances are he’s have made off from her, with little chance of catching him before he caused himself a serious injury. It was also then that she realised, had it happened barely 5 minutes earlier, she’d been holding on only loosely with one hand, which wouldn’t have been nearly enough to steady her and keep her seated. What a stroke of luck, she’d survived unscathed, and Spirit had soon settled back into a steady trot. She knew that they had at least 10 minutes now to get back to safety before having to worry again, and the yard gate couldn’t be more than 5 minutes distant, so they were in the clear.

Suddenly sickening pain passed through her body, and she remembered exactly why it was that she’d not been paying attention - she needed to pee, and badly! So very, very badly. The pain this time was so intense that she thought she was going to lose control and have an accident right there and then, she was the closest she’d been to soaking her pants in at least 10 years and she cried out in despair, clamping her legs as tightly together as she could manage and thrusting both hands between them, desperate not to wet herself. Her body shuck with the effort, but somehow, by some miracle, she managed to stay in control. Breathing deeply, almost panting through the exertion, she returned her hands to the bridle. She noticed a dampness, no perhaps even a wetness to them, but didn’t dare to look down - hoping against any real hope that it was sweat and moisture from the saddle rather than a sign that she had lost control of herself in the most humiliating way possible.

Riding through the gate to the yard, tears streaming down her cheeks in a combination of distress and relief, she spotted a lone figure ahead of her, silhouetted against the wall of the tack room. Nancy, it must be Nancy, thank God! Leaping from the horses back whilst he continue to walk, and knowing she didn’t have even a second to spare if she was going to get out of this with even a shred of dignity intact, Katie shouted loudly, her voice echoing across the deserted yard.

“Nancy! Please, please take Spirit. I need to go, RIGHT NOW!”

Running forward, with the rein held out in front of her and her other hand once more squeezing at her crotch for all she was worth, the only thing standing between her and abject mortification, Katie realised in a moment of horror that the shadowy figure wasn’t Nancy at all, it was Jet! Oh no, no, this couldn’t be happened. He couldn’t see her like this, he just couldn’t. But he had, there was nothing she could do to change that now, and, she reasoned internally, it was far better than him seeing her standing there having wet herself like a little baby, which was exactly what was about to happen if she didn’t get to a toilet.

Blushing profusely, she thrust the rein into his hand, turned and fled in the direction of the tack room door, praying that it would still be unlocked and that the bathroom would be vacant. It was her only hope.

*022*2019-10-13 14:34

{{1 hour ago, Imouto Kitten said:

I knew Lucy's little brother could be a handful, but I didn't think he could wear you out that thoroughly... Or were you talking about his namesake or possibly a uncle, aunt, or cousin we haven't met yet?

Jokes aside, I'm still loving your writing style even given the rather drastic shift in subject matter from your first novel-length work.

}}

Haha, well remembered!

This time it was the liquid Mr Daniels who did the damage . I'm not even a bourbon fan, but a business associate bought me a bottle recently, and after a long hard day at work yesterday I made quite a dent in it!

I'm quite enjoying the shift in direction with this. Admittedly it's not flowing quite so naturally as Lucy's story, hence the updates are a little less ridiculously regular, but it's nice to be able to explore different themes without the worry about overstepping boundaries etc.

