Yukari's Accident

Author: Kayushi

*000*2010-08-27 18:25

Yukari sighed. This was the third straight day she had to sit at the dorm, bored out of her mind. Mitsuru and Akihiko had gone to train, Fuuka was trying to cook again, Ken had Koromaru on a walk, and Junpei was in his room doing god knows what. Yukari shuddered at the thought of what he might be doing up there. Knowing Junpei, it couldn't be anything she'd want to know about, but as bored as she was, and them being the only ones home, she decided to go check up on him. As she walked up the stairs to the second floor, she realized that she had to pee. It wasn't bad, so she ignored it. She came to his door and, thankfully, heard the sounds of Innocent Sin, Junpei's favorite MMO. She knocked on his door, and after a minute. He answered it.

"Heeey, Yuka-tan. Finally change your mind about me?" He asked with a smirk on his face.

Yukari's face turned a little red.

"N-no Stupei, geez you're such a perv. It's just that... everyone else is gone, and I wanted to go to the mall, but I don’t want to go alone.”

“Okay,” Junpei sighed. “Just let me get logged off and I’ll go with you.”

The two of them left the dorm and headed to Paulownia mall. Once they got there, the sight of the fountains reminded Yukari that she needed to use the restroom, and it was getting worse. She didn’t want to let Junpei know she had to pee, knowing he’d get upset if she dragged him away from his computer just to leave him, so she held it. The two walked around the mall for about an hour before deciding to hit the arcade. Yukari figured this would placate him while she snuck of to go to the bathroom, since now it felt like her bladder was going to explode. After giving Junpei some money for the games, she slowly walked off in the direction of the restrooms. She absolutely hated public restrooms, but this was kind of an emergency. Of course, the mall HAD to be crowded today, and the lines for the bathroom would be killer, but she had to make it. She couldn’t wet herself around Junpei, he would never let her live that down.

She passed by the central fountain again, when she heard a voice behind her.

“Yukari-chan?”

Oh god, what was Fuuka doing here?! She was supposed to be trying to learn to cook. Yukari turned around to see her holding a bag of ingredients. Of course! Fuuka just HAD to show up when she was trying so desperately to get to the bathroom.

“Oh, hey Fuuka. I can’t really talk right now, I have to get to the bathroom before I wet myself.”

Just then, as if to prove her point, a spurt of pee escaped her. She jammed her hand between her legs to control it, and Fuuka’s eyes widened.

“Oh… sorry, you’d better hurry. I’ll see you back at the dorm tonight.”

At that, Yukari ran off in the direction of the bathrooms, and when she got there, just as she’d suspected, the line was long. Another spurt of pee forced its way out of her, as she really started to panic. She couldn’t wet herself, not in front of the entire mall. She looked around for an escape, and her eyes fell on the door to the back alleyway.

“perfect” she thought to herself, “no one ever goes back there. “ She started to run for it, when she lost complete control. She felt the warm liquid running down her leg and tears formed in her eyes. Just as she made it through the door, she let go. Pee forced itself out of her and cascaded toward the ground. She leaned against the wall and spread her legs slightly, relaxing, and letting nature take its course. She looked down and saw the puddle on the ground where she stood growing as the hot, yellow liquid ran down both her legs and pooled at her feet.

When it was over, she sat on the ground next to her puddle, buried her face in her hands, and started crying.

“Yuka-tan?!”

She looked up to see Junpei standing in the doorway to the alley. Fear tore into her as she realized he must have been standing there for some time. The realization hit her that this would mean everyone in the dorm, if not all of Gekkoukan High, would know about her accident, but Junpei didn’t seem to be judging her. In fact, by the look on his face, he almost seemed sympathetic.

“J-Junpei! How long were you standing there?”

“I followed you when I saw you running back here. I thought something might be wrong.” He glanced down at the puddle and then at Yukari, whose skirt was soaked, “don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone. It’s not like it’s never happened to me. C’mon, let’s get you home so you can change.”

As they walked out of the alleyway and back into the mall, Yukari felt everyone’s eyes on her, but when she looked around she saw no one was looking at her. Relieved, she followed Junpei to the monorail station, and they headed back to the dorm. On the way home, he told her about the time they were in Tartarus, and he ran into a shadow that literally scared the pee out of him…

