Date Panic! - Page 13

Author: OmoCommando

*301*2014-04-01 02:18

"Well, why don't we head to the ice cream shop across the street. Maybe they have a bathroom there." You say.

"Yeah, I think that might be the best idea." Nikki replies.

The two of you walk out of the restaurant and across the street over to Jeanie's Ice Cream Parlor. You are quickly greeted by a very perky young girl. "Hi! Welcome to Jeanie's Ice Cream! How can I help you?"

"I need to pee." Nikki says bluntly.

"Oh." The cashier responds. "Well I'm afraid our restrooms are for paying customers only!"

You roll your eyes. "We'll take two ice cream cones."

"That will be 10 cR!"

You pay the girl.

[cR remaining: 100]

"What flavor would you like?"

"Chocolate." Nikki says.

"Yeah, two chocolates."

"Can I go now?" The red-haired girl asks.

"As soon as the current customer is done, you may use the restroom!"

Nikki growls and begins tapping her foot again. "This is a joke, right?" she says to you.

"I wish it were." you reply.

"I've really got to go here." She puts a hand on her crotch. "I swear, if whomever's in there isn't out in two minutes, I'm busting down the door and going in there anyway."

"You wouldn't really do that." You laugh.

Nikki laughs too. "Ha ha ha! Yeah, actually, I would."

You're eyes widen. Something tells you she's probably serious. What if she does?

How should you proceed?

> Search for another bathroom

> Find a discreet spot outside

> Take her to your house

> Take her to her own house

> Tell her to go in her pants

> Allow her to break down the door

> Other

Current Trust Level: Friendly

Current Desperation Level: Willing to break doors

*311*2014-04-01 03:46

{{:

Omo, would we run into you if we went to her place?

}}

Nope. I'm busy working on an interactive story, so I can't be bothered.

If the player goes to Nikki's place, it will be just the two of them.

*322*2014-04-01 23:49

Well after reading some interesting suggestions, I'm going to have to say that "searching for another bathroom" seems to be the favored option.

###

"Um... Nikki?" You start to say.

"What?"

"I really don't think breaking down the door will accomplish anything." you explain. "Chances are we'd get in trouble with the owners and you wouldn't even get the chance to go to the bathroom."

Nikki raises an eyebrow. "They think they can stop me?"

Your eyes widen. "Wh-What is that supposed to mean!?"

"Nothing at all." Nikki says neutrally. "Do you have another suggestion?"

"I think it's best if we search for another bathroom."

Nikki nods. "All right. Where?"

"Um..." Well you hadn't thought that far. You're not familiar with this part of town and aren't sure which of these buildings have public bathrooms, let alone owners that would allow you to use them.

"Well!?" Nikki shouts. The girl has both hands on her crotch and is bobbing up and down. "I'm really not going to last much longer here, so what's it going to be?"

"Let's just look around and see what's out there." you answer.

"Nope. Screw it."

Nikki walks over to the bathroom door.

"Oh um, young lady!" The cashier calls out. "The customer before you isn't done in there yet! Please respect her privacy!"

"Don't care." Nikki responds.

You try to stop her. "Nikki, no, wait! DON'T!!!"

The girl walks up to the door, and knocks on it hard. "Hey! You have ten seconds to finish up or I'm coming in anyway! I'm dying here!"

The ten seconds pass by. "Fine! Have it your way!"

"W-Wait!" a tiny voice comes from the bathroom

The door opens up. A young child; a girl walks out, her skirt still down at her ankles and has the most frightened look on her face. Nikki on the other hand, looks absolutely shocked.

"It wasn't flushing..." the poor kid sobbed. "I didn't know what to do. I think I broke it..."

You look inside, and you see a small mound of toilet paper sticking out from the bowl. Nikki groans loudly. She grabs her crotch and bends over. You quickly and subtly examine her jeans, searching for any sign of leakage.

What should you say?

> "If you kicked down the door, you'd have probably traumatized the poor girl!"

> "Did you just leak!?"

> "Well you could try and use the toilet anyway."

> "Let's get our ice cream and head back to my place. You can use the bathroom there."

> Other

Current Trust Level: Friendly

Current Desperation Level: Two-handed crotch grabbing mode activated

