Arrested while Deaperate

Author: Starstrukk

*000*2014-01-19 01:58

I wrote this last night while drunk so hopefully it's not too bad.

We were out celebrating my bf birthday out at a club. He had just turned 22 and I was still 21. I decided to wear jeans this night because it was pretty chilly outside The night went by pretty good. We were all dancing and having fun, drinking lots and I broke the seal very early in the night. Meaning I had to pee every 20 minutes or so because of my small bladder.

It was close to closing time, I had to pee a bit but I wanted to find my bf first . I had lost sight of him for a while. I assumed he was just talking to all his friends.

But no, I seen him kissing another girl. I don't know if it was the liquor or pent up rage but I started hitting the girl and my bf, I felt betrayed.

Not long after the bouncers came and took me away from them. They said there was cops on the way and I would be arrested for assault. I was crying at this point because of what just happened. Ontop of that I really had to pee. I crossed my legs while I waited for the officer to arrive. Wondering how long I'll have to wait till I can relieve my bladder.

It took the officer about 15 minutes to get to the club. By this time I had to go urgently. So I thought I'd ask If I can pee before we head to the station. But the officer told me to wait till we got there. I honestly didn't know if I would make it. Being a bit drunk, with tons of beers in me my bladder was starting to hurt.

The officer hand cuffed me with my hands behind my back and guided me to his patrol car. We stood outside his car and I guess the small wait really made my bladder stress and I leaked into my panties a little. I hobbled over and crossed my legs tight. How I wish I could hold my crotch.

I finally went into his car and immediately leaned forward, my bladder filled up quick and I was very desperate now. I told him to hurry because I really needed to pee, but he just laughed and told me i will have to hold it for a long time before I'm allowed to relieve myself. Was he not going to let me pee in a toilet when we got to the station? Was he just going to keep me handcuffed? I didn't think I would last much longer.

We got to the station and only my panties were a bit wet. As I got out of the vehicle there must have been extra pressure on my bladder because I peed for about 2 seconds. I could feel it going down my leg and I knew my panties were soaked. Luckily only a little showed up on my jeans.

I begged him to let me use the bathroom right away. But he told me he had to fill out his report first and had to find a female officer to let me use the toilet. I was in tears again I started spurting quite often in my panties. And I could see a wet patch growing for my crotch. I crossed my legs and bent over trying to show him how bad I had to pee. But he didn't care, then it happened. I did all I could about it. But it was no use. My bladder gave out and I started peeing right into my jeans. My pee started spreading evenly through each legs soaking my ass too. A puddle started growing underneath me An my shoes were getting soaked. It seemed like an eternity. I had to pee so much. And now it was all over me.

The officer sat me down and told me I shouldn't have drank so much. I was crying the entire time. It was so humiliating.

