A Long Night (Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann)

Author: ShadowDog

*000*2011-12-09 19:15

WARNINGS: The main subject is 14. Contains: Bedwetting, comfort, no sexual themes.

This fic is multi-chaptered, but I do not know if I wish to upload the whole thing. I think this chapter stands well on its own.

A Long Night

Sweat was pouring down Simon's back, and the sun never ceased it's harsh glare on the earth. The one thing he was missing from his underground life was the pleasantly cool atmosphere. Out here on the surface, the ground was scorched, and the air was sweltering. How, exactly, could anything survive out here?

When the sunlight finally proved too much for him to take, the head of Lagann half closed. The shade was a blessing, and so was the generous store of water they had managed to carry with them.

Actually, maybe they took a little too much water. Lagann's bouncing made the water container slosh continuously, along with Simon's own 'container'. He'd been clenching his legs together for quite some time now, and the tall shadow of Kamina's own mech was still showing no signs of slowing down for a pit stop.

He'd already tried to just ask, but it was hard to get over the embarrassment of having to be overheard by a cute girl riding along with his soul-brother, especially since they had only started the day's trek a couple of hours ago.

A true man could take this simple challenge! Kamina would probably say.

Simon squirmed uncomfortably in his seat and bit his lip. If he could just keep his mind on something else, perhaps it would-

"Hey!" Kamina's voice boomed over the speaker.

He was startled out of his thoughts, his voice cracking on the responsive "Yeah?".

"We're dyin' up here. We're gonna stop and catch some shade until the worst of the day is over with. It was a bad idea heading out this late. Sound good?"

Good? It was a blessing!

"Yeah, sounds good."

He put Lagann into a quick jog, following Gurren's short detour towards a small rocky outcrop, managing to make it there only using one hand, with the other crammed between his legs. It wasn't the wisest piloting decision, but he risked it.

As soon as Lagann came to a full halt and the drill popped loose, Simon was out and on his feet, sprinting with a rather awkward gait to a small opening between two eroded boulders. It was obscured enough from view, but he honestly wouldn't have cared if it had turned out otherwise. He just barely worked the zipper open in time, his impatient hopping finally tapering off with an intense shiver of relief as urgent splashing sounds reached his ears.

The shadows around him were a good contrast to the baking brightness, and he leaned against the rock, which was delightfully cool against his skin. The soft pattering onto the baked sand echoed like in a tiny cavern. It made his toes curl a little bit.

"Simon?"

It was Kamina's voice, so he stayed put. It wasn't like they hadn't seen each other like this before. But when he tried to answer his call with a "Yeah?", all that seemed to come out was a mumbling sound.

Why wasn't his mouth working?

"Simon, are you okay?"

His body wouldn't turn, it just leaned heavily against the rock. His mind suddenly seemed so very far away.

Was something shaking him?

~~~~~~

"Simon, are you sick?" Kamina's voice was heavy with worry as he pushed his little brother's shoulder. He had been out pretty hard, but now he was finally moving a bit and making his usual 'Leave me alone' sounds.

Seamlessly slipping into the 'big brother' role, Kamina scooped Simon up into his arms, checking his forehead for fever. It felt a little warm, but he had been buried under the heavy blanket for a while.

"Siimon," he chimed, running his hands through the boy's hair patiently, "It's okay, just let it all go". He was finally coming around, groggily blinking at him with unfocused eyes.

A confused, grumbled ".. What?" was all he got.

He sounded well. Like he was just bothered to be woken up at such an early hour in the morning. The reassurance made Kamina smile to himself.

Finally snapping out of his drowsiness, Simon was not smiling. Realization had hit him hard in the stomach, and he was mortified. His stomach was warm and wet, and his boxers were dripping steady streams onto the blanket- and onto Kamina, who was still cradling him.

His face contorted, reddening deeply, and Kamina saw little tears forming in the corner of his eyes. It tugged hard at his emotions, though he managed to conceal them.

"It's okay, Simon. No one else knows, and I won't tell anyone." He held him close, hoping it would put him at ease. He could hear Simon sniffing quietly against his shoulder.

"That's what brothers are for, right?" Kamina kissed his brother's head and rocked, stroking his back. Simon wrapped his arms around him silently.

