Fifteen Minutes (Short)

Author: livingbylies

*000*2013-08-23 16:57

$/16546-pitch-scene-ideas-help-me-practice/

Setup: Melissa (Millie) and her friends Nick and Samantha are on vacation over spring break and driving back to their hotel from a movie. However, after finishing off a large drink during the film (as well as a refill) Melissa is beginning to find that she needs a pit stop.

"How much farther?" Millie asked, leaning forward from the backseat. "I need to pee."

Nick paused to glance at his phone, checking the GPS. "About fifteen minutes. You can make it that long, right?"

Millie rolled her eyes, though nobody could see since Nick had his eyes on the road and Samantha was texting. "Of course I can, I'm not twelve," she twelve. It was just a twinge anyways, she could put it out of her mind for a while. The need seemed to be growing stronger at an alarming rate, but she told herself it would be no problem.

"Just don't pee all over the seat, it's my dad's car and he'd kill me if the upholstery got ruined." Nick said, as he glanced over his shoulder and changed into the slow lane.

"Hardy har." Melissa sighed, sitting back in the seat. The car was pretty sweet, a vintage restored Frankenstein of a vehicle. The body was from a '68 Mustang that had been pretty beaten up, but the entire inner workings and upholstery had been redone. It was one of a kind. Millie focused on the car then, as the twinge in her bladder went from urgent to annoying. Leaning forward between the seats again, Millie said, "Can't you drive any faster?"

Nick shook his head, checking the mirrors. "Not a chance. If I drive her over sixty then I'll get in a bunch of trouble. I only got permission to use the car because I promised to wash it for a month and take care of it all week. I'm not risking that."

Melissa would have preferred to be riding in a junker at that point, the decor wasn't worth ruining her jeans.

"Hey, at least we're a couple minutes closer," Samantha commented.

"Just a couple minutes?" Surely it had been more than that, Millie's bladder was positively aching. Pressing her legs together, she said, "Is there a gas station somewhere?"

Nick shrugged, and Samantha grabbed a map from the glovebox. "No dice, nearest one is past the hotel," she said, after a minute. Millie sat back, sorely disappointed.

Another few minutes passed. Millie spent them shifting in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position that didn't put pressure on her bladder. She was beginning to think she wouldn't make it. "How close?" She asked, almost whimpering.

"Let's see... ten minutes," Nick said, glancing at the GPS again.

Samantha shook her head though. "That's not right, it's closer to eleven. The timer just changed, it's like ten minutes forty five seconds."

Millie gave a desperate moaning sound, feeling a tiny spurt escape into her panties. Pressing her hand to her crotch, she shifted in her seat again.

About twenty seconds later she was leaning forward again. "Can we please just pull over?"

"And get sideswiped by some reckless driver? No way," Nick said. "Jeez, it's just ten minutes. You really can't hold it for that long?"

"Yeesh, maybe you are twelve," Samantha snickered.

Melissa squeaked a bit as they hit a bump, nearly making her lose control. Not staying still for even a second, she rocked back and forth on the seat, giving off occasional whimpers of desperation. "How much farther?" She asked again after a seeming eternity passed.

"It's been fifteen seconds, Millie." Nick said, looking over his shoulder at her with a look of sympathy and a bit of amusement. Turning around, he saw someone cutting him off. "Shit!" He exclaimed, slamming on the brakes just in time.

It was too much for poor Melissa. Hand pulled away from the sudden shift in speed, centripital force throwing her forward and digging the seatbelt into her bladder, she lost control.

It started as an immediate spreading warmth growing in her panties. It didn't take long to soak through to her jeans though, an obvious damp patch rapidly expanding and flooding down the legs on the light denim. Urine pooled on the seat, the shape of the leather keeping it puddled around her instead of flowing away. Soaking down to her socks, Millie could do nothing to stop the tide until it was finished.

"I..." she mewled. "I kind of... went..." She was flushed red, soaked, and humiliated.

Nick looked at Samantha. They shared a nod, and Samantha smiled as she kept her hand in her pocket, fingering the empty diuretic packet in her pocket as Nick winked at her. "Well then, babygirl. Let's get you cleaned up."

*002*2013-08-23 22:41

{{:

"Of course I can, I'm not twelve," she twelve.

Heh heh, I've never had a typo make me laugh so hard for no apparent reason.

}}

Once you pointed it out I giggled for like three minutes.

I'm leaving it in.

