Adventure into The Unknown

Author: Ishigreensa

*016*2011-07-16 22:15

Chapter Seven

There Be Goblins in them there Hills

At the end of the week, Mizuki and Kim went to see Madame Tuesday again because of course the White Spiral Castle would have moved, but Mizuki was performing a service for the town. She was sure that Madam Tuesday would not be upset about that, should have no reason not to tell them again, if she had told Sook the first time.

Sandra and Jennifer waited outside Madam Tuesday’s house because inside, they would have to give up their weapons,and that would mean leaving Mizuki and Kim defenseless as they were concerned. Sook on the other hand,decided to go get some more clothes and some supplies for their trek to find the white Spiral Castle.

“Of course, I’ll tell you where you can find the castle,” Madam Tuesday smiled at the two girls before her. Madam Tuesday was dressed in an elegant gown with shiny black shoes. Her hair was fixed into a sever bun that rested at the back of her head. “But you must realize that even though you find may find the castle, that someone with great power had summoned the healer.”

“I thought you knew that we were from another world,” Mizuki said quietly.

“Of course I know that. All of the healers have always been from another world, but none of them went home without the summoning force’s consent. The one that had summoned the Healer and her guardians is very powerful.”

“Do you know where we can find the one that summoned her then?” Kim asked shaking from her nerves as she sat before someone that gave the aura of a queen or someone equally important.

“I am sorry, but there are many in this world powerful enough to call for a healer. I know that he or she has real need of you though, for a healer is not called upon lightly.”

“Well, unless you can give us some more specific information,” Mizuki shook her head. “The white castle is the only place that we know can help us. If this powerful force wants us so bad, then it will surely intercept us on the way.”

“You make a valid point,” Madam Tuesday nodded. “There is something you should know about goblins though. They are many, and the direction in which you travel is straight through their lands. They have an excellent sense of smell, and the only way that invisibility can truly work on them, is to avoid any perfumes, to avoid smelling at all. Even breaking wind can lead them to where you are really standing.”

“If the place we are standing is inside a hut, can they really get into it?”

“Yes, Goblins do know something about magic. If you use the invisible hut often, make sure to mask your smells and your noises as well if you think they are near. Put your dirty laundry away and wrapped up well, or they will find you.”

“We understand,” Mizuki started to say?

“Do you? Understand, that if even one of you girl seven leaks a tiny bit of pee in her panties while the goblins are nearby, it will detect the invisible hut and get in at you.”

Mizuki and Kim both nodded. “We’ll be sure to tell the others,” Mizuki promised. “So where is the White Castle?” Not more than a couple of hours later, the five girls were walking up the slope into the mountains away from the city. Sook had three bags of supplies which Sandra, Jennifer, and herself gladly carried. They all agreed that weighing down Mizuki and Kim would not only do no good, but if Kim was kept free, she could read through her magic papers to find more helpful magic to help them on their journeys, and Mizuki could probably use her magic with animals if they became lost while wondering through the mountains.

Goblins are very fast, as they run like cats during a hunt, and they can smell out prey and hear exceptionally,but their disadvantage was sight especially during bright daylight hours. The fact that they can smell through invisible barriers but not through mountains of layers of cloth meant that the best way to be safe, was that at night, when goblins were most active, the girls would camp in the magic hut, and they would all have to be in a bed layered with many blankets so that if any of them had to use the bathroom, she wouldn’t be smelled through the illusion. They would have to be quiet at night, too.

The five girls walked up the slope carefully, each helping the other make the troubled ascent into the dangerous goblin country. The reason they had not attacked the city in the last four nights, was that the five girls’ presence had falsely confirmed their fears that the city was starting to become fortified by its sister city that it often traded with. The goblins would need more resources if they were to meet with a real army sent to protect the city.

Up into the hills, the girls climbed reaching for the sky. Mizuki kept her senses alert for any physical creatures as well as anything spiritual. Kim studied a piece of paper as she trod on. Jennifer and Sandra walked lazily,and Sook appearing carefree, have the appearance that she was never carefree,and the others thought that she was indeed either up to something mysterious,or that she was simply keeping a stealthy eye out for trouble.

The day hours were quite for the goblins didn’t like the light hours much, but as the sun began to set later that evening, the girls felt nervous that they could come from any direction. Sandra pulled her sword from its scabbard ready to use it. Jennifer tightened her own grasp, and Sook moved a bit more carefully making less noises. Kim put away her papers that she had been studying so she could look more carefully about her, and Mizuki watched the birds in the sky and bushes along the way for any tale signs of the hideous monsters.

“Alright girls,” Mizuki warned the others. “As goblins have extremely sensitive noses and ears, if anyone needs to use the bathroom, we should do it now, and then travel for another hour or two to get away from the scent that way they won’t know where to find us.”

“Are you sure this is necessary,”Sook said for the third time today. “We did just fine coming to the city, and Kim even wet herself inside the hut.”

“Those goblins were in a hurry,”Jennifer pointed out. “One of the them had mentioned smelling something if you remember.”

Sook sighed and went off with Jennifer and Mizuki to pee. Sandra took Kim a different direction so that if one group was ambushed, the ambushers would have a little surprise waiting for them from the others that were at a different location.

As it was, the pee turned up no trouble other than that Sook really couldn’t get anything out, and neither could Kim. The others that were with them tried to make them try a few times, but when it was obvious that the tulip held no blood, they gave up and met up with the other group ready to continue their trek.

“Sook wouldn’t pee,” Jennifer told Sandra.

“Yeah, Kim was the same way. I guess neither had to go.”

“This will be bad if they have to go while we are sleeping.”

“Well, if they have to go while we are sleeping, and if we are disturbed, I think that Mizuki said we’ll be safe if they just stay in the blankets. Don’t let them out of bed to go to the bathroom even if they wet the bed.”

“Is that what we have to do to them?”Jennifer asked not really amused.

“It’s either that, or fight some unknown number of monsters in the dark,” Sandra looked back at Jennifer. “I wouldn’t mind fighting during the day so we can see where they are, but at night, we are at a great disadvantage.”

“I can disappear,” Sook reminded them. “Remember who saved Kim and Mizukiwhen everyone else was busy?”

“Yes, but they’ll smell you if you start to pee.”

“So I’ll pee as far from the hut as possible.”

“Do you think you can fight them off alone in the dark?” Sandra asked her.

“No, I guess not,” Sook responded. “But I would try rather than lead them to our invisible hut.”

“Fine,” Jennifer sighed. “Sook, if you need to use the bathroom, just wake me and take me with you, okay?”

“Why?”

“Because in Goblin infested areas, I’d rather none of us be on her own. I don’t think we should think we can get back home without all of us doing our parts. There is a reason you have stealth and I and Sandra can fight so well.”

“She’s right,” Sandra agreed. “We must all be needed to succeed in getting home, so just tell Jennifer if you have to go.”

“Okay, I will.”

The girls walked on for another two hours without any goblin problems, and Sandra and Jennifer both assumed without any other problems as well.

Finally, Kim set up the magical hut while Jennifer and Sandra kept watch for Goblins. Sook slipped off for a bit setting some traps around then area to keep it safer, and Mizuki listened to the sounds of nature.

Once the hut was set up and protected by some alarms and traps that Sook prepared, the girls all chose their bunks,Mizuki once again stuck with Kim as usual.

This time, the other girls were really impressed and surprised at Kim with the hut. It was a bit larger, and somehow had squeezed the four bed bedroom, the living room from her last image, and the dining room table and stove from the first ever attempt at her kitchen into the same room. The area was nicely arranged and even two dressers had been added to the total image.

“This is really good!” Sandra commented.

“Thanks,” Kim blushed. “I just tried to imagine the three rooms in the same space, and somehow it worked out.”

“Can’t you imagine a toilet in there too?”

“Actually, I tried, but I guess the magic didn’t seem to know where to fit it, or there is some other problem with it.”

“Well, if what the magic would have given was an outhouse, that would have written our death sentence anyway,”Jennifer smiled. “Better you don’t get a toilet in here than you give the goblins some way of finding us as we sleep.”

“True,” Sook added. “I have put up some traps around the hut, so anyone wanting to go out should wake me first so she can see the safe path through them, but still, if there are too many goblins, my traps will only do so much.”

“That’s where you disappeared to?”Jennifer chided her. “I did tell you that we need to stick together at night as much as possible.”

“Yeah. Yeah. I know,” Sook said as though Jennifer were acting like her mother. “But it’s harder setting traps if you have someone with you that doesn’t know much about them.”

“I see. And are you going to be leaving the hut on your own tonight just because you think we are acting like your mother?”Jennifer asked.

“No. I won’t need to anyway. While I was setting traps, I peed too, and the Goblins will probably think we are right in the middle of one of my traps if they rely too heavily on their noses.”

The girls all looked at one another and then giggled. Even Jennifer had to smile at the poetic justice of such a find. After they all had their laugh, Sook climbed into her bed and instantly started to fall asleep. Jennifer and Sandra stayed up a while wanting to keep watch for a bit and they discussed plans for setting a watch.

Mizuki sat up and listened to them planning the watch, but Kim was already fairly tired from all the studying,walking, and then setting up the hut, and she went right to bed. Just as the girls had discussed earlier in the evening, they made sure that Kim had the most heavy blankets on her to try to mask her scent if she had an accident in the night.

The first night has seemed uneventful of monsters, for none seemed to find the girls’ hut, and by the next morning,both Sandra and Jennifer had agreed on a watch plan which would include Sook’s help on the first watch from the next day on. If Sook would disagree with the first watch, then they would put her on the last watch so she would not have her sleep interrupted, but she could help them watch since splitting it three ways was easier than two ways. They both realized that since magic did wear out both Mizuki and Kim, that it would be best if they got all the sleep they could get when they were not needed.

That morning, three of the girls got out of their beds quickly and were ready to go before Mizuki or Kim had awakened. Though Sook really wanted to start out earlier, the other girls really thought that since they had no idea of the toll magic had on the other two, they would not let Sook wake them for fear that the two girls with any magic might find themselves unable to do anything.

The girls told Kim to take down the hut once Jennifer had repacked a few things into one bag that she and Sandra would share in carrying, and they put the rest in logical storage places, such as clothes in the dressers. The trick of course, was that Kim and Mizuki both assumed that she’d have to remember this room exactly, and she’d have to remember where their real things were, so that she wouldn’t cause any of the things to disappear.

For three days, things seemed to be going well, and the girls set up for the last night at the base of the mountains that they would be in the goblin country. Kim started to make their hut, which now always looked the same, a small dining room area with an old wood stove for cooking, four beds spaced around half of the room, and two dressers that kept their clothes. Sook set a few traps,though she was feeling a bit at ease about it because the goblins had not attacked them yet. Mizuki listened around her at the animals and the plants and felt comfortable that the goblins still were not on to them.

Once the hut was prepared and the five girls were inside, Jennifer pulled the map out and prepared to talk to the girls about the grueling walk ahead of them through flats that had little water. As it was, she figured they had enough water with them for about two days, but the castle was said to be three days into the flats.

“Maybe we can refill our water skins before we leave the mountains,” Sook suggested.

“That would be preferable,” Jennifer agreed “except for one thing.”

“What’s that?” Sandra asked.

“The closest waterfall or lake that I know of is half a day from here, and it might put us just out of reach of getting to the castle in time.”

“We can’t reach the castle anyway if we die,” Mizuki spoke up. “I think we should risk it. Anyway, according to Madame Tuesday, even if we do get to the white castle, it is just as likely they cannot send us home until we finish the quest that we were called to do.”

“The white castle is the only place that we know can help us though, right?” Jennifer looked at the three girls that had talked to Madam Tuesday.

“Right,” Kim shrugged. “Whoever wanted us here, will know that we’ll seek out this white castle, so we need to follow that plan until we find out what else we need to go.”

“So, do we go back and lose half a day to get the water?” Jennifer asked.

The other girls thought about it,especially Sook who thought that if they rationed the water, they could get there on what they had, but Mizuki had brought up that rationing water on a trip through scorching heat was not a good idea. In the end, the girls all agreed to lose the half a day to get water.

As the girls prepared to lay down for the night, Sook realized that she needed to pee, and whispered to Jennifer. “Can you come with me so I can pee away from the hut?”

“I am sure I asked you to go before we set up.”

“I know, but I just now have to go.”

“Alright,” Jennifer sighed. “Sandra?”

“I’ll stay here to keep Kim safe. She can’t leave no matter what. Mizuki, are you going to go with Sook or wait all night?”

“I’ll just wait. It won’t matter anyway since Kim will wet the bed on me anyway if she has to go.”

Jennifer and Sook slipped quietly through the night around the traps and the alarms that Sook had set up. Once they were far enough away, Sook wanted to walk away a bit to hide herself behind a bush, but Jennifer caught her arm.

“What?” Sook asked.

“Something feels wrong, Sook. I think the Goblins are nearby.”

“Are you kidding me? I really have to pee,” Sook looked at Jennifer in surprise as she contemplated whether or not Jennifer would tease about something this serious or not.

“Draw your weapons,” Jennifer let goof Sook and took better grasp of her spear.

Sook slipped out of sight which put Jennifer more on nerve, and though she was sure that Sook was nearby, she felt alone and nervous as she tried to make sense of the direction that the creatures were coming from.

Sook was close to the ground, using the bushes to conceal herself hoping the goblins would see the obvious target and miss her so she could surprise a few before they know what hit them. She still used the old city tricks that worked on people. Meanwhile, at the imminent threat of danger, her body stopped complaining, for now, about needing to pee, and she waited for the monsters to approach.

Jennifer realized that Sook was probably hiding and almost using her as bait. She thought it was pretty clever of her and held no bad feelings about being the bait as long as Sook was there as soon as she needed help, and didn’t give herself away too early as she could easily handle two or three on her own.

Sook lay in quiet wait for the goblins to take the bait, her body shaking with nerves as it seemed to take them forever to find Jennifer. She had a sinking feeling that the goblins were also being slippery and might not even be attacking them, but Sandra and the hut. She slipped through the bush closer to Jennifer’s position trying not to give herself away in the event that she was wrong, but she felt she must be right since the goblins still had not come out of the darkness at Jennifer.

Jennifer had a similar sinking feeling as she looked back towards the way they had come from. She wanted to get Sook’s attention, but she had no idea of how to do it since the creatures had extremely good hearing as well as smell. We must get back to the others, Jennifer thought, and she slowly moved back towards the hut hoping that Sook would follow her and understand where she was going.

Sook whispered “yes,” to herself as she realized that Jennifer was also getting the idea to move back towards the hut, and she quietly followed her, and slacked up the space some so that she would have enough room to allow a few goblins to show their backs to her if they tried to chase Jennifer.

Inside the hut, Sandra started to feel a bit uncomfortable like Sook and Jennifer had been gone too long and something might have happened to them, but she also knew that she couldn’t leave the hut and think that Mizuki and Kim would be safe enough by themselves. She had to stay and protect the weaker girls.

Mizuki climbed out of bed and tiptoed to Sandra.

“Something is wrong tonight,” Mizuki whispered.

“I know,” Sandra replied. “I think Jennifer and Sook should have been back by now.”

“I’m not sure, but I think the birds are telling me that goblins are on their way here.”

“Are you using your magic?” Sandra asked as though she though were lightly scolding Mizuki thinking she should be keeping her magic power on reserve for when they really needed it.

“It’s not like I have a choice,”Mizuki looked down at her feet. “My power isn’t something I can turn on and off like Kim reads pieces of paper. If I feel something, I feel it and if I don’t, I don’t.”

Sandra sighed knowing that she was wrong for scolding Mizuki over something that she has little knowledge of. “I’m sorry. I just don’t want you weakening yourself if a fight is coming.”

“I know, but like I said, I can’t really control it when animals speak to me. They tell me things if they want to, and even though I don’t have to listen to them, the magic of them talking to me is still wasted.”

Sandra nodded.

Sook barely had time to turn around as a lightning fast goblin leaped upon her pinning her to the ground. Lucky for Sook at the time, Jennifer had just decided to look back over her shoulder and seeing the goblin leaping, she brought out a javelin (throwing spear) and threw it into the bush where the goblin had landed on top of Sook and pierced it’s back, the tip sticking out it’s chest as it wailed one last breath before toppling over.

Sook felt the thick black goo that was the goblin’s blood fall upon her stomach soaking her shirt just before it toppled over, and with every effort within her, she kept from screaming but realized that her stealthy position was really doing nothing to hide her from the monsters, and pushing the goblin off of her, she ran to catch up with Jennifer.

They just gained the outside perimeter where Sook had set up a few traps, and carefully they picked their way through them glad to see that the goblins had not actually made it to their camp just yet. It was too late to hide that they were there, and Jennifer called for Sandra and Mizuki to come out and help.

“Goblins are coming!” she called. “Sandra! Mizuki! Come out and help us!” Sandra went quietly to Kim’s side while Mizuki came out of the hut. Putting her finger to her lips, Sandra cautioned Kim. “I think Jennifer wants you to say hidden. They should be confused by our own scents and presence, and as long as you stay quiet inside the hut, they shouldn’t find you. We’ll kill off the goblins, and then decide what to do from there.”

Kim nodded showing she understood and Sandra left the hut to find Mizuki facing into the darkness ready for a fight,and Jennifer and Sook just coming from the darkness.

“I don’t know how many there are,”Jennifer warned the others. “We felt them before we saw them, and it hit us that the goblins knew where we were, but they had more interest in the hut, and that made us turn around and come to see that you were alright. I think they are now, dealing with Sook’s traps, so we should…”

Just as Jennifer had mentioned traps,a loud scratching sound filled the hair and a hollering goblin screamed through the night.

“That was one of the alarms,” Sook smiled. “They’re here.”

“Very effective,” Sandra looked impressed.

The four girls spaced themselves,their weapons drawn. Sook decided that hiding was useless in this battle because the goblins had a better idea of where things were than she did the darkness and their own home.

Kim looked through her bag thinking that if things turned sour for her friends, she should at least be ready with something, and she searched her papers for something helpful, but stayed covered up knowing that only the real blankets would keep her scent from being picked up by the monsters.

Sook started to feel the tingling of needing to pee again, but as she faced the night, she knew that now was not the time to deal with it, and she tried to push the urges to the back of her mind. She might not get another chance to use the bathroom, but she wasn’t going to squat here, and give the monsters a free target to land upon. She would hold it at least until the fight was over.

Out of the night, ten cat-like beings jumped upon the four girls. Jennifer,taking the lead kept three off of the others. Sandra held back two, and there were still five that had slipped past looking at the other two girls like they knew they had them.

Jennifer speared one with a javelin causing the other two goblins to back off and regroup. Sandra waved her swords menacingly at the two in front of her, causing them to also back towards the other two so that now it was two on four. Sook and Mizuki stood defensively unsure of how to deal with five goblins at once. Jennifer eyed Sandra with intent, and spinning around, she threw a javelin into the back of one of the goblins that threatened Mizuki and Sook now leaving them two a piece. Sandra, seeing that Jennifer was leaving her back exposed which drew a goblin to leap up at the opening, realized that Jennifer had meant that to happen, and she charged the goblin down slicing it in half.

The other three goblins that were facing Sandra and Jennifer charged as one towards Sandra, not realizing that Jennifer was still spinning around and Jennifer’s spear struck one of them dazing it from surprise, but two of them landed one on top of Sandra’s sword killing it and one at her feet tripping her to the ground.

The four goblins still on Mizuki and Sook had a clear advantage, and they pressed upon them slowly waiting to make a clean killing without any danger to themselves. However, Jennifer finished off the dazed goblin and the only goblin left that were attacking the stronger warriors, was now right upon Sandra’s stomach ready to plunge it’s dagger into her chest.

Sandra screamed, kicked, and pissed herself as she faced her end. The goblin smiled nastily showing its sharp wicked bloodstained teeth. Its breath was hideous, and it was about to use its full force behind the dagger that it held high into the night, when from behind it, a spear point penetrated it showing the end of the point through its chest momentarily before it toppled over.

Jennifer reached and hand down and pulled the smelly soaked Sandra to her feet. She said nothing though, and the two warrior girls looked back at the four goblins that were taking their time with the two weaker girls, apparently not in a hurry to be the sacrifice so the others could take them out. Sandra charged behind two of them and lopped their heads off swinging both of her swords, while Jennifer threw another javelin striking one of them.

The surprise had left Mizuki and Sook only one goblin to deal with, which Sook suddenly charged with her blades swinging three times, she caught the creature in the chest with the third swing making it crumple to the ground. The fight was over. Sook looked at Sandra who was soaked, and shrugged to herself and just peed her pants as well, on purpose because Sandra was already wet, and if the goblins were going to smell that,then there was no reason for Jennifer to risk going out again to use the bushes.

Chapter Eight

Now, with the goblins finally behind them, and a fresh supply of water, the girls began their way through the flats. The sun came up early, that morning they started out, and the temperature was already fairly warm even before they had breakfast.

“We aren’t even out of the hills yet,” Sook complained. “I wish there was another way to find out what we are doing here, and to get home.”

“We all do,” Sandra sighed. “Are you sure we have to go through these plains to find the white spiral thingy?” she turned to Mizuki.

Mizuki nodded.

The five girls walked down the path out of the foothills, and into the flats at least thinking that the goblins shouldn’t be any more trouble for them. Once they were two or three days into the flats, the goblins wouldn’t be likely to pursue them because they had been told by Madam Tuesday that goblins were lazy creatures that only preyed upon the weak, and they never ventured anyplace that took any real effort to get to.

The day wore on, and the girls soon found that the ground was soft, and the sand heavy. Though it made the footfalls feel more like walking on carpet and was a welcome exchange for the hard ground they had had in the mountains, they realized that the sand was easy to sink into and this caused them to exert more effort as they tried to pull their foot out of the sand.

The sun continued to warm the land and the air further, and each girl felt as though she was in an oven by eleven o’clock.

“Madam Tuesday was kidding,”Mizuki said wiping her forehead. “The temperature here is worse than anything I’ve ever had to encounter.”

“Well,” Jennifer looked back over her shoulder, somewhat used to this kind of heat. “It may be a little hot, but at least the goblins aren’t following us, and it looks like little else would want to be out here.”

The girls all had to nod on that statement. No one in its right mind would be out here in this heat.

“You know,” Kim whispered a little timid of speaking up with tempers rising and people complaining. “If we, um… traveled at night, it might be cooler.”

“Do you want to travel at night?”Jennifer asked the rest of the girls. Almost unanimously, the girls agree with only Sook having some reservations about it. Still, in the end, even Sook gave in knowing that at least traveling at night would mean less chance of a heatstroke or worse.

Kim set up the usual hut, this time, they also found the extra water stored under the table where she had decided was the best place it’d be out of the way, but still accessible and that she wouldn’t forget to imagine it as she brought her room into being. The others also noticed that the more that they wanted to keep in the hut and the more comfort Kim wanted to give them,the longer it took her to make the hut.

The invisible hut set up, and the girls hardly on a nocturnal pattern as yet, they could only sit around and talk until they fell asleep one by one. Kim took to studying her papers again, Sandra and Jennifer took to playing some cards which Sandra happened to have in her school bag. Sook relaxed on a bed thinking about who knows what, and Mizuki watched the card game.

Sook was the first to fall asleep.

Mizuki started to catch on to the game of poker, and though the girls didn’t use money or any real gambling vices, they still became serious over the game, and Mizuki started to be able to tell when someone had nothing but tried to bluff her way for the hand anyway.

“You two are really serious,”Mizuki teased.

Somewhere, a few days from the girls’ current location, there was a young woman dressed in black and red talking to a flying cat. The young woman had long flowing brunette hair with green glossy eyes and a severely tight smile as though she had never learned to do that properly.

“The Healer is close. She will lead us to the white castle, and once she has given us the master of the white spiral, we will rule all of Gnormac.”

The cat looked up at the woman stroking it. “Meow.”

“Yes, my pet. The guardian of the spiral will not let me in, but he will open his doors for the Healer and her guardians, and when he opens the doors, we will be ready.”

The cat blinked its eyes slowly up at its mistress.

“Yes, I am sure this will work. Besides, the girls will have another reason to seek the help of the guardian of the white Spiral Castle. I think we should take from them, one of their warriors. If they are truly as devoted to one another as the stories tell us, they will want to seek her out, and when they do….”

The can leapt into the air. I flew up to a nearby shelf where its pillow was. The cat was a beautiful white Persian with colorful yellow, orange, and blue feathered wings. It looked down at the cruel woman with a slow blinking and calculating stare.

“My pet, I promise, I will get in. The healer will not be harmed, but she will make it possible for me to rule all of Gnormac.”

The cat turned its back and started its regular pat down of its sleeping space. It seemed rather bored by the woman’s schemes.

“Well, I don’t need your approval. What do you know of human affairs?” the woman scorned the cat. “Go to sleep, but you wait and see, I will have control of the white spiral castle.”

The woman left the room, and after walking quickly through her extensive lair, she soon came upon a room where she had five figurines that resembled each of the young ladies. “Now,” she thought to herself. “I must set just the right kind of trap to delay them just enough that they will have to seek out the castle again, and in the process, I will lay a trap and kidnap the mysterious one.”

Mizuki suddenly stood up and looked through the translucent walls as though expecting something to come charging through the heat of the day.

“What is it?” Jennifer asked as she looked in the general direction that Mizuki had settled on staring in.

“I don’t know, Jennifer. Something feels off.”

“Well, this whole thing is off, so what are you basing that on?”

“I don’t know, but something feels, like we are being watched.”

Jennifer took another look out into the quiet desert and then shrugged.

Sandra had the same convictions that Jennifer had, that no one was close enough to watch them, and there was no place for them to hide. Also, being in the invisible hut, it seemed highly unlikely that anyone would know where they were to watch them.

“You’re paranoid,” Sook completed their thoughts. “No one could know where we are even if they wanted to watch us.”

“I’m telling you,” Mizuki reiterated. “There is something that is watching us.”

“I wouldn’t dismiss her,” Kim suddenly spoke from her bed.

The others startled a bit as they thought she was asleep. “What do you mean?” Sandra asked.

“Well, Mizuki has a kind of magic in her that is different from mine, and she can talk to animals. Maybe she can sense something that we cannot.”

“We can’t go about being paranoid that we are being watched though,” Jennifer whispered. “If we get edgy about something that we have no proof of, and even Mizuki doesn’t know where it’s from, right? So, we will be looking over our shoulders for something that isn’t even there.”

“True,” Sandra agreed. “Mizuki probably is right that we are being watched, but without knowing from what, it is useless to worry about it now. Besides, if it’s not attacking us,then we are in no real danger, right?”

Eventually, one by one, the girls started to drift off to sleep.

The woman in red and black picked up Sook’s figure while she slept. She blew on the figure to remove any gathering dust, and then she dipped the figure into a bowl of prepared herbs and paste. Her hands glided over the bowl and she said incantations to atone herself to the figure and prepare it for spells. Her eyes were glowing and the room seemed dimmed except for her presence.

Sook slept on not realizing a thing. And one by one, the girls woke as the skies began to darken around the tiny hut.

“Well,” Jennifer stretched as Kim woke last. “I guess it’s time to get started on our trek again?”

Kim and Mizuki pulled the blankets off of them, and revealed a dry bed between them. Mizuki smiled at Kim as though nothing was needed to be said, but in a way, Kim felt like she was saying “good job” just the same.

For a second day, as the sun started to rise to the middle of the sky, the girls prepared to slip into the invisible hut. Before setting it up,however, Kim was led behind some rocks by Sandra where she could pee and not have to worry about trying to wait all day in the hut.

It was as the hut was set up,though, that Sook somehow felt a little light headed and as though something were nagging at her subconscious to do something. She tried to ignore it for a while because she knew that both Sandra and Jennifer would not understand her wanting to go out alone. She couldn’t explain it, but it was a very strong pull, and it felt like she really had to go out to perhaps protect her other companions.

The woman in red and black took the figurine of the mysterious one out of the herbs in the bowl, and she dipped it waist deep in a different bowl filled with a warm yellow liquid.

Later that day, the five girls had been sleeping for maybe a couple of hours when Sook woke up. Her bladder was twinging, and she knew that by the time she got Jennifer or Sandra awake, that she wouldn’t make it, so she slipped outside of the hut and then marked the place with an arrow pointing at the place where she had left the invisible barrier. Then, she walked a bit down the hill to find the same large boulders that Kim had been taken to relieve herself earlier.

While Sook prepared to lift her skirt and pull down her panties, she noticed a curious little kitten with soft fuzzy arm-like appendages upon its shoulders. She swatted down to let the urine come out, but as the kitten was close,she also grasped it at the same time.

“Where did you come from?” she asked it as a bit of hot urine jetted out of the hole in her body.

The cat looked up at her with moist little eyes and it meowed. It couldn’t have been much older than six weeks.

“Maybe I should take you with me?”Sook asked looking around as another hot jet of urine flew out of her body wetting the ground over her first watering of the grass.

Sook reached to pet it as she sat there, ready to let the real stream flow any minute. It was then, that the kitten purred and as Sook’s urine poured out of her like lemon aide being poured from a jug, she felt something tingle in her body. The air round her began to darken, and she fell over, some of her pee now spilling over her left leg as she lie there with her panties down and her skirt lifted in front of the red and black dressed woman.

The woman smiled, and as she watched the girl pee the rest over herself she thought how cute the young child was. Hours later, Sook woke up in a small ten by ten room with bars on the front with the door closed tight. Inside the cell, she saw that kitten, and around the room that she sat in as well as beyond the bars in the next room,she saw other similar animals including the mother cat with a full set of feathered wings.

*018*2011-07-17 15:34

The sixteen year old sand colored blond with blue sparkling eyes and rosy cheeks was fairly popular among both boys and teachers, so some of her favorite teachers should wonder what would have caused her to snap as she had done yesterday, but it was no wonder to her. Robyn had been asking for it all year.

This paragraph is in the first chapter near the beginning of the story.

They are between 15 and 16 years old in the first year of high school.

*021*2011-07-29 22:54

Just have writer's block. I am planning to continue the story, so please don't block it mods... Please?

I know it's been a while since I added to it, and I'm sorry it's looking a little old.
