Having Cousins to Stay - Chapter 3

Author: Guest KTV

*000*2012-01-05 01:10

Sorry for the delay - here is Chapter 3!

For anybody who's new to the story or has forgotten because it's so long since I posted Chapter 2, you might want to go back and read the first two chapters to find out what happened, but the situation is that Izzy (11) and Anna (9) have their cousins Ellen (12) and Max (14) staying at their house for a few weeks.

(Admin - is there a way that I can merge the three chapters I've posted separately into one topic, so that I can just keep posting new chapters into that topic as I write them like most stories on here?)

Please let me know any comments or ideas for the next chapter!

###

Izzy and Ellen went back into their room to get ready for bed. As Ellen put on her nightie, she noticed that Izzy was wearing regular pyjamas. She instinctively felt a little self-conscious and tried to tug the hem of her nightie down. She was always trying to make sure her older cousin liked her, and she worried that maybe Izzy would think she was a baby because she wasn't wearing pyjamas.

Outside in the corridor, they could hear Anna's parents giving her a big telling off. Izzy felt sorry for her little sister, she knew she'd get in a lot of trouble now and would probably get a spanking as punishment. She thought about saying something about it, or maybe trying to make a joke to seem cool, but she figured that Ellen probably wouldn't want to talk about accidents right now after what had happened in the car.

Just as they were starting to get into bed, Max came into the room. Seeing that he was out of the shower, Izzy went out into the hall to use the toilet. As she did, her mom came out of her parents' room, where Anna was about to be given her spanking.

"I thought you were in bed."

"I will be in a minute. I'm just going to the toilet - I thought you'd prefer I go now rather than waiting until you've given Anna another wash."

"Okay, be quick, then straight to bed."

Relieved that her mom hadn't tried to send her back to bed, she hurried into the bathroom. Lifitng up her nightie and sitting down on the toilet, she pushed out a few small streams of pee. She hadn't needed to go much, but she had learned by now that it was definitely best that she try to use the toilet before bed. Once she was done, she went back into her room and got into the double bed where Ellen was already lying.

Not too long later, after her second bath, Anna came in and quickly got into bed. They were all lying there quietly when Izzy and Anna's parents opened the door to say goodnight, then turned off the hall light and went back to the lounge. None of them said anything for a while and they were starting to drift off to sleep when Max spoke up:

"You'd better not wet the bed Ellen - I bet Aunt Mary would be pretty mad if her 12 year old niece pissed herself and then wet the bed in her first day here."

"Shut up Max, you know I don't wet the bed." Ellen blushed a little, but nobody could see in the dark, and she was pleased that she'd managed to sound like she hadn't been bothered by what Max had said.

"You seemed pretty concerned to make sure you peed just before bed every night when we went camping with Mom and Dad last month."

"That was only because we weren't allowed to use the toilet during the night, normally I wouldn't care."

"Yeah, but you can't go to the toilet in the night here either."

"Just go to sleep Max, you're talking rubbish."

"Just ask Izzy if you don't believe me. I can't believe you forgot that Aunt Mary and Uncle Richard don't let you out of bed at night!" He sounded triumphant. "Anyway, goodnight!"

Ellen was silent for a moment, feeling nervous. She tried to talk quietly: "Izzy, is that right?"

Izzy didn't know what to say, she hated Max being right but she hadn't thought to remind her cousin about her parents' rules. "Um, yeah. Once they've said goodnight, we're not allowed out of bed until they're up in the morning." She paused. "Is that okay?"

"Oh, um yeah, of course. I'd just forgotten. It's fine...obviously. Goodnight." Ellen did her best to sound confident. She was furious with herself for forgetting about that, but it had been ages since she'd stayed with her aunt and uncle. She tried to persuade herself that she'd be okay...she often didn't need to use the toilet during the night normally, and she hadn't had much to drink during the evening. She closed her eyes, silently praying that it wouldn't be a problem for her.

[several hours later - early in the morning.]

Ellen woke up in the dark, and immediately realised that she'd been woken by a strong urge from her bladder. Instinctively squeezing her thighs together, she was about to get out of bed when she saw from the dim light coming through the window that her cousin Izzy was sleeping beside her. After a moment's sleepy confusion, she remembered that she was staying with her aunt and uncle, and then the memories of the day before came flooding back to her - the embarrassment of her accident in the car and... her getting reminded too late that they weren't allowed out of bed for the bathroom until her aunt and uncle were awake. She squirmed nervously in the bed, keeping her legs tightly together. She had to go pretty badly and she thought it was still early. Her aunt and uncle might be asleep for a while yet.

She looked around nervously as her eyes adjusted to the darkness, but the others all seemed to be asleep still. She curled up a little to try and get some more pressure on her pee-hole, and decided that she'd just need to lie still and hold it. She must be able to do that, she told herself.

About 15 minutes went by, but Ellen was having to squirm more and more. Once or twice she'd let her hand creep down to her crotch for a quick grab to help ease the pressure. She knew she wasn't going to be able to last much longer, she had to get to the bathroom. She didn't want to admit her predicament, espcially to her younger cousin, but she knew that Izzy looked up to her and would want to do almost anything to be in her good books, including keeping this quiet. She reached out and gently rocked Izzy's shoulder.

"Izzy, wake up." She tried to whisper. "Wake up."

Slowly Izzy woke up and realised that Ellen was already awake and had woken her deliberately.

"Um hey, what's up?"

"Shhh." Ellen held her finger to her lips, not wanting Anna or Max to wake up, and then carried on whispering. "I, um...I kinda need the bathroom." She blushed a little with embarrassment as she admitted it. "Do you reckon I could just go?"

"Oh, um, right." Izzy remembered the conversation from the night before. She really wanted to help, but she knew that going to the bathroom just wasn't an option. "I'm really sorry, but no. My parents would hear you and get really mad - it's right by their bedroom and my mom is such a light sleeper. She'd catch you before you even went in. They're so strict about the rule of not wanting us up and about before they're awake."

Ellen's heart sank, and she dropped her hand to her crotch again, hoping Izzy couldn't tell what she was doing under the duvet.

"Are you going to be okay?" Izzy continued. She'd always looked up a lot to Ellen and presumed that such a grown up 12 year old would never have trouble with having to hold it. The accident in the car had come as a pretty big shock, but she still didn't expect to see Ellen urgently needing to pee again.

"Um, yeah...yeah, of course. I'll just wait." Ellen was pretty sure that she hadn't sounded confident, and she blushed even redder, so embarrassed to be having to have this conversation. "I'll just um, wait for a bit then."

They lay there in silence. Izzy was going to go back to sleep, but it was hard because Ellen was squirming around a lot next to her. Ellen put her hand back in her crotch again, gripping her pee-hole tightly, and closed her legs tightly over her hand. She tried to lie as still as she could, but it was difficult. She couldn't believe this was happening. After a few more minutes, she had to go even worse.

"Um Izzy..." She was really getting nervous now about what was going to happen. "Isn't there anything we can do to maybe get your parents to wake up sooner? What do you do if you wake up and you have to go really bad?"

Izzy felt slightly awkward when Ellen asked that. She didn't like to think about the times when she'd woken up too desperate to wait, and she really didn't want to admit it to her older cousin. "Well, um, I just hold it I guess." She thought about her parents' morning routine. "I mean, the only time they get up any earlier is if we've wet the bed. I mean if Anna's wet the bed." She corrected herself quickly.

"Does she still do that?" Ellen was desperate enough for anything that might help her out.

"Oh, yeah she does sometimes. When she does that, she goes and tells my mom or dad, and they normally get up then to come strip the bed. I'm allowed up then if I'm awake."

"Can we check?"

"Uh, I guess." Izzy was surprised by how much her cousin was pursuing this, and she realised that she must really have to pee bad.

They both slipped out of bed, Ellen managing to let go of her crotch as she did so, but still having to cross her legs and squirm as Izzy slowly pulled back Anna's duvet. She managed to pull it back without waking her, but underneath Anna was lying with her nightie up around her hips, revealing her bare crotch and a clearly dry sheet.

Seeing that she wasn't going to be saved that way, Ellen felt another pang of desperation from her bladder. She bit her lip nervously and couldn't resist reaching down and squeezing her pee-hole again, worried that she might start leaking really soon. Her mind was racing...she just couldn't wet her bed, it would be so, so embarrasing. Aunt Mary would be so mad and Max would tease her so much as well.

"Izzy, if Anna had wet the bed, would we definitely be able to leave the room?"

"Um, yeah..." Izzy wasn't sure why Ellen was still interested. "She goes and tells them when she wakes up. They sometimes tell her off in their room first, but then they come in here and have to turn the light on to strip the bed. They don't mind if I get up when they're doing that."

Ellen squirmed on the spot, desperately pressing her thighs together to stop any pee leaking out from between her legs. She knew she had no choice. She tiptoed over to the head of Anna's bed, where she was still lying with her duvet pulled back, reached out and started tickling her cousin's armpits.

Anna woke up with a start, and immediately started giggling from the tickling. "Hehehe...hey...what are you doin...hehehehe."

She squirmed around, trying to escape. But with Ellen looming over her she couldn't escape. The tickling continued.

"Hehehehe...nnnn....hehehehe....no, ple....hehehehe...please stop!" Anna struggled to get the words out as she was giggling so much, but she tried to plead with Ellen to stop as the laughter combined with her full overnight bladder was making her need to pee badly. She crossed one thigh over the other as she continued to writhe around in search of any escape from her cousin's tickling fingers.

Ellen moved one hand down to tickle Anna's stomach which had been pushed up to chest height by her squirming. But even as she focussed on what she was doing, her own bladder was still sending her urgent signals that she couldn't hold on much longer. She saw that Anna was tightly crossing her legs and knew that would make it take a lot longer for her will to give in.

"Izzy, can you grab your sister's feet? Just hold them apart."

Izzy was taken aback - she was already surprised by what Ellen was doing, but she hadn't expected to get involved herself. She looked at her little sister's face, still pleading with Ellen to stop before the tickling made her pee. Ellen ignored Anna's pleas, but even her own tightly crossed legs couldn't stop a tiny stream of pee leaking out into the crotch of her pyjamas. Mortified to be doing this in front of both her younger cousins, but knowing she had no choice, she shoved one hand down inside her pyjamas to stem the flow, while continuing to tickle with the other hand.

"Come on Izzy, what are you waiting for? Just grab her feet!"

Izzy knew she shouldn't and that it was mean, but she wanted so badly to impress Ellen. She grabbed Anna's feet, and held them both down to the mattress, forcing the 9 year old to uncross her legs.

"Hehehehehe...no...Izzy...nnn...hehehehe." Anna couldn't believe that her sister was joining in too. She writhed desperately, knowing how much trouble she'd be in if she peed in her bed. But without any way to put pressure on her pee-hole it was so hard to hold it in. She struggled as hard as she could against the older girls, lifting her bare crotch up off the mattress and trying in vain to press her thighs together to hold back from wetting herself. Then suddenly she gasped.

"Nnnn...nooooo...hehehehe...plea...hehehehe...nooooo."

A river of pee started to pour out from between her legs, immediately wetting the sheet beneath her and forming a dark spot all around her crotch. Ellen stopped tickling and Izzy let go of her feet as the stream of pee continued to flow, soaking her bed. When it finally stopped, she sat up with tears in her eyes, glaring at Izzy in particular as she stood up out of bed and pulled down her nightie to cover herself back up. Izzy stared at the floor, not wanting to meet her little sister's gaze as she headed out of the room to go tell her parents that her bed needed changing.

Ellen felt guilty too, but she had to pee so badly that she didn't think about it for too long. She still had one hand inside her pyjamas, holding herself closed as tightly as she could, but it didn't feel like enough. She had to go so, so bad. Watching the pee streaming out from between Anna's legs had not helped her own situation. She danced frantically on the spot.

"How long does it normally take before they come in once Anna's told them?"

"Um...sorry, what?" Izzy was still thinking about what they'd done to Anna, and not really paying attention. She'd made Anna pee by tickling her before, but that was only half on-purpose, and it wasn't to stop her from getting in trouble herself. But anyway, she told herself, hopefully it had shown Ellen that she was cool.

"I said how long does it normally take before your parents...oh god." Ellen felt another stream about to leak out past her hand and knew she couldn't hold on another moment. "Don't look!"

Without waiting another second, she pulled down her pyjama pants, got into Anna's bed and squatted right where her cousin had soaked it. Flushed with shame and embarrassment, but also relief, she let what felt like a waterfall of pee pour out of her, further soaking the sheet on Anna's bed. After a long while she was finished, and she quickly got out of the bed and pulled her pyjamas back on. Trying not to think about the embarrassment of what her cousin had just seen her do, she got quickly back into the double bed.

"We should be in bed shouldn't we - for when your mom or dad comes in?"

"Um, yeah, good idea. We probably should."

Izzy got back into bed and laid down next to her cousin. After a few minutes, her mom came into the room with Anna and switched on the light. She immediately saw the wet bed that her daughter had woken her up to admit to.

"Oh Anna! When are you going to stop doing this? You're far too old to still be wetting your bed."

Anna was crying with frustration and injustice. "But mom, I told you, Ellen and Izzy tickled me and made me pee. It wasn't my fault!"

"I don't care Anna, you still shouldn't be wetting your bed whatever they were doing. But is that true that you were tickling her, Izzy, and that's why she peed?" She turned to look at her older daughter.

Just as Izzy was about to say something, Ellen spoke up for her. "That's not true Aunt Mary. We were kidding around that we might tickle her or something while we were waiting for you and Uncle Richard to wake up, but when we pulled her duvet back she was already wet." Izzy nodded along, in awe of how well her cousin lied.

Anna protested, but her mom immediately silenced her. "I don't want to hear any more from you Anna, you're in big enough trouble as it is. You go wait in the bathroom while I deal with your mess." Anna left the room sulkily as her mom started to strip the bed.

*003*2012-01-05 03:57

{{:

It sounds like you switched Ellen and Izzy here, because it seemed like Izzy had the nightie through the rest of the story, and the plot implies that Izzy looks up to Ellen, not the other way around.

Other than that, very well-written, i'm getting more and more annoyed by that absolutely horrible mother, but that just shows that I'm really getting into the story. Sympathy for Anna though, she does not deserve the crap she's getting right now...

}}

Yes, you're absolutely right - I've got the names the wrong way around in that paragraph. Good spot!

Glad you're getting into the story :)

