Brothers

Author: Sapphire3619

*000*2015-01-13 02:41

Realization 1: Readers on this site are awesome and supportive and kind. Thanks :)

Realization 2: I suck at coming up with titles.

Oh, well. This is another one-shot, but I'm trying to develop a good idea for a longer story I can present in chapters. In the meantime, enjoy!

~~~~~~

“And that concludes our tour!” the bubbly guide chirped with a smile. “Thank you so much for visiting Purdue University! I hope I was able to answer all of your questions. Have a safe trip home, everyone!”

Noah muttered his thanks along with the rest of the small crowd of high school students and their family members. This was his first official college visit, and he still wasn’t sure how he was supposed to act. At 17 and nearing the end of his junior year, Noah hadn’t thought college was a possibility at all, much less a big university like Purdue.

“What did you think, kid?”

Noah turned to see Jackson beside him. Jackson was Noah’s…foster brother? Noah didn’t like that term. “Brother” sounded way too permanent for a relationship that, based on experience, wasn’t going to last long. Jackson was the youngest son of Linda and Raymond, Noah’s latest foster parents.

Noah smiled hesitantly. “It’s pretty here. It’s so big.”

Jackson grinned in response. “Yeah, it takes some getting used to.” Jackson had graduated from Purdue 3 years ago; it had been Linda’s idea for Jackson to take Noah there for his first college visit over spring break.

As they strolled back toward the parking lot, Noah’s eyes drifted toward the student center. It had been a longer tour than he’d anticipated, and he wanted to go to the bathroom before getting back in Jackson’s car for the 2-hour ride home. Just as they reached the right junction in the sidewalk, though, Jackson swore.

“Shit! I didn’t notice the time. We’ve got to get on the road so we can get home for dinner.”

Noah hesitated. He had to pee, and being stuck in the car for 2 hours didn’t sound enjoyable at all. “But…” he started, turning slightly toward the student center.

“Sorry, man,” Jackson interrupted. “Dad’s out on business, so Mom will want us home to eat with her. If you want a t-shirt from the student center, I’ll just give you one of my old ones. Let’s go!”

Frowning slightly, Noah followed Jackson toward the parking lot, away from the buildings and bathrooms. He didn’t know Jackson that well, and he didn’t want to make him mad.

At the car, Noah opened the back passenger-side door, an old habit from a previous foster home: only “real” kids were allowed to sit up front, not foster kids.

“What are you doing?” Jackson laughed. “You don’t have to sit in the back.”

“Uh…” Noah stuttered, not wanting to admit his lapse. “I’m…I’m kind of tired so I thought I’d lay down in the back seat and sleep on the way home.” He looked up at Jackson expectantly. “Is that OK?”

“Sure,” Jackson replied, bemused that a 17-year-old would ask permission for something so simple. “Whatever you want, dude.”

Noah breathed a small sigh of relief and climbed into the back seat. Maybe, he thought, if he slept the whole way home, he wouldn’t think about his bladder the whole time…

With Noah curled up in the back, Jackson pulled onto the highway. The kid had only been living with Jackson’s family for about 6 months. Linda and Raymond had taken in foster kids as long as Jackson could remember, but they were mostly short-term situations – a few weeks or months in emergencies, until other family members could be contacted or adoptions arranged. Last summer, however, a social worker had called Linda and asked if they’d be willing to foster Noah.

Noah had just turned 17 and was one of those kids you hear about “slipping through the cracks.” Jailed mother, out-of-the-picture father, bounced around from home to home, etc. The courts wanted someone willing to keep him, hopefully until he finished high school, but at least until he turned 18.

With all of her own children grown and moved out, Linda figured she had room for the teenager for a year or two. She was semi-retired, but her husband still traveled for his job, so she had some extra time on her hands. After a brief discussion with the rest of the family, Linda agreed to take Noah in.

Flung around the foster-care system since age 5, Noah was understandably wary of Linda and Raymond. He did his best to keep his head down and be polite, but was prone to short responses and isolation. Noah considered himself on probation, an unwanted tenant that could be kicked out at any time, so he tried to stay out of the way as much as possible, keeping in self-imposed exile in his room for most of the day, only leaving for school and meals.

Despite his best attempts at distance, as the months passed, Noah found himself warming to Linda and Raymond. Linda, especially, was friendly and patient; she never pushed Noah to spend more time socializing, but she kept offering. Noah had never lived with someone who gave him so much freedom, but, at the same time, seemed to want him around. It was unnerving at first, but soon enough, Noah started hoping that Linda and Raymond would agree to keep him after he turned 18 – hoping that he would be good enough to make them let him stay. Still, he lived in the fear that he’d do something wrong, and they’d give up on him.

This day trip was the first time Jackson had ever really been alone with Noah. Jackson was in his third year of law school and didn’t come home very often. Over the holidays, Noah had been so quiet and unobtrusive that Jackson often forgot about the foster boy altogether. When Linda had suggested this trip, Jackson bristled; what was he going to do with a monosyllabic teenager on a 250-mile round trip? But he understood the importance of showing Noah his options, so Jackson had somewhat reluctantly agreed.

As he sped along the highway, Jackson contemplated that the day had gone much better than he’d expected. They hadn’t exactly had nonstop conversation, but it turned out that Noah had great taste in music and (understandably) extensive knowledge of the judicial system, so they’d talked about Jackson’s law school classes and the clerkships he was applying for. On the tour itself, Noah paid rapt attention, even occasionally leaning over to ask Jackson insightful questions about life on campus. All in all, Jackson felt good about the day spent with the teen, who was now sleeping soundly in the backseat.

An hour and a half into the drive, Noah stirred awake. It took him a moment to orient himself to the unfamiliar car and barely familiar driver, but his mind was soon overcome by a much more pressing need.

Noah had to pee, bad. If he’d been at home, he would have gone an hour ago. If he’d woken up like this in his own bed, he’d have thrown off the covers and run to the bathroom without even turning the lights on.

Squeezing his thighs together carefully, Noah sat up. “Jackson?”

“Mmm?” Jackson kept his eyes on the road.

“Where are we?”

“About 25 miles from our exit.”

Unused to long car trips, Noah wasn’t sure how that figure translated to time. “Were…were we gonna stop anywhere?” he asked, fighting to keep his voice from shaking.

“Nah,” Jackson replied casually. “We’re only about 30 minutes from home. Dinner will be waiting for us.”

Noah bit his lower lip. “OK,” he whispered.

30 minutes sounded long, but doable. Noah couldn’t remember the last time he had to pee this bad, but surely he could hold it for a half hour. He was grateful to be in the backseat, where Jackson couldn’t see him tense his legs. He wriggled slightly, trying to find a more secure position.

After another fifteen minutes, Noah was squirming more regularly. He tried to concentrate on other things – the landscape, the songs on the radio – but it wasn’t working. He looked at the mile markers, but they didn’t tell him anything; he didn’t know which exit was theirs, anyway.

“H-how close are we now?” Noah asked, unable to keep a slight whine out of his voice.

“Less than 10 miles from our exit. Relax, kid, you’ll get food soon enough.” Jackson kept his voice light, but Noah could tell that Jackson was irked by the childish question.

Noah lowered his head, determined not to speak again. He crossed his legs and exhaled slowly, closing his eyes.

An indeterminate amount of time later, Noah felt the car slow. Thank God! he thought, assuming they’d reached the exit. Noah opened his eyes.

There was no exit in sight, only 3 lanes worth of brake lights. As the car rolled to a complete stop, the seat belt pressed into Noah’s abdomen. Noah felt a quick spurt of urine escape, and he clapped a hand over his mouth to keep from crying out. He grasped at his crotch with his other hand, holding tightly to regain control.

Breaking his previous vow not to speak, Noah looked forward. “What happened?”

“Dunno, kid,” Jackson sighed. “But we’re only about a mile from our exit, so it shouldn’t cost us too much time.”

Noah didn’t think he had any time to spare, but he hunched back in his seat, still holding himself and clenching his thigh muscles.

More minutes passed, and they had barely moved. Noah wasn’t good at estimating time from distance, but he still couldn’t see their exit, and they were still in the far left lane. His muscles were starting to shake from the effort of holding; at this rate, he wasn’t going to make it.

Noah took a deep breath. “J-Jackson?”

Jackson groaned. “Jesus, kid, we’re 100 feet ahead of where we were 5 minutes ago. I don’t know what happened, I don’t know how long it’s going to take, and I sure as hell can’t do anything about it. Can you please just relax?”

Noah snapped his mouth shut and stared at his lap, dejected. A few more drops of urine escaped, and his underwear felt uncomfortably damp.

Jackson shook his head. He was tired and hungry, and he wasn’t in a mood to indulge a 17-year-old asking “Are we there yet?” like a kindergartner on a field trip. He hadn’t meant to sound so angry, but seriously. The kid was a junior in high school, right? But then Jackson heard something that made his heart drop and his annoyance evaporate.

Noah was crying.

Still stopped in traffic, Jackson whirled around to look in the back seat. Sure enough, Noah was sniffling with his head down. Jackson saw a tear drip off his chin.

“Damn,” Jackson sighed, turning forward again. He knew better; his mom had told him about Noah’s past. “I’m sorry, Noah. I shouldn’t have snapped. That was rude. I’m not mad at you, I promise.”

Noah sniveled. “It’s n-not that,” he whispered, barely audible.

Jackson furrowed his brow. “Then what’s wrong? What is it?”

Noah’s bottom lip trembled violently, but the words came tumbling out. “I have to pee really bad and I can’t hold it much longer and I don’t know if I’m gonna make it I don’t wanna have an a-accident in y-your c-car!” Noah stammered out the last few words, his voice squeaking.

Stunned, Jackson turned around again. This time, he noticed more than the tears running down Noah’s face. He saw the teen’s tightly coiled body, his legs twisted together, and his hand buried deep between his legs.

Jackson could have kicked himself. What the hell had he been thinking, rushing the kid into the car after the tour like that? Now they were stuck in traffic, barely 5 miles from home, and Noah was so desperate, he was in tears. Jackson looked around anxiously, taking in the traffic and their surroundings. He made a quick decision and jerked the steering wheel to the left, guiding the car onto the shoulder.

Noah looked up, his eyes still brimming with tears. “What are you doing?” he cried.

Jackson spun the car onto the paved strip across the median. “There’s another exit 6 miles back. It’ll be faster. Can you hold on for 5 more minutes?”

Noah didn’t answer, but clutched himself as tightly as he could. He couldn’t even spare the energy to nod.

As the car sped down the highway, time seemed to slow down. Noah willed everything he had into clenching his muscles, but he entire body was now vibrating with fatigue. Frantically, Noah looked out the window to see the approaching exit. He didn’t even think about how he’d look, running into the rest stop; he was so close…

But just as Jackson hit the brakes to ease onto the exit ramp, Noah’s body slowly gave out. A small flow of liquid started to make its way into his lap, creating a wet patch on his jeans. Noah whimpered in agony, but he couldn't do anything; he was peeing in his pants.

“We’re almost there!” Jackson called. He turned the car into the gas station parking lot as quickly as he could without jarring his passenger. Throwing it in park, Jackson turned around. “We made it!”

But Noah didn’t move. Tears were still running down his face. Jackson’s eyes slowly traveled downward to Noah’s lap, where the wet patch was now almost to his knees.

“Aw, fuck!” Jackson exclaimed, slapping the steering wheel.

At those words, Noah broke down in painful, gasping sobs. He drew his legs into his chest, burying his head in his knees. He only heard Jackson’s angry curse; he didn’t realize Jackson was still talking.

“I’m so sorry, kid,” Jackson pleaded. “This was my fault, I shouldn’t have been so dismissive. Look, let’s just get home, we’ll get you cleaned…”

Jackson turned around to look at Noah and saw the teen with his arms around his knees. The stain on the back of his pants was far larger than the one on the front…and growing. Jackson gasped. Noah didn’t have an accident; he was having an accident, right in front of him. Jackson wheeled around, feeling intrusive for having seen such an uncomfortable event.

In the backseat, Noah could barely feel his legs. He didn’t feel himself peeing – just the ever-growing wetness down his jeans. Urine started to pool on the Scotch-guarded seat beneath him.

“Noah…Noah. It’s OK. Noah, please…” Jackson begged from the front seat, desperate to calm him down. Noah kept crying, paying no attention. After a minute, Jackson started the car and pulled out of the parking lot, taking the back way home. It would take about 20 minutes, but clearly, Noah wasn’t responding to Jackson. Maybe Linda could help. As Jackson pulled onto the road, Noah’s river of pee finally slowed.

Noah sobbed the entire way home in fear and humiliation. He’d just wet his pants…in Jackson’s car. Surely, no family would be willing to keep a teenager who couldn’t even make it to the bathroom in time.

Jackson pulled into the garage and hesitantly turned around to face Noah. “We’re home, kid. Why don’t you go get changed?”

Noah’s shoulders quivered as he bawled. His breath came in great, wracking sobs; it was as if Jackson hadn’t even spoken.

Shaken, Jackson ran into the house. Noah was having a breakdown, and it was Jackson’s fault.

“Hey, men!” Linda called from the kitchen when she heard the door open. “Ready to ea-“ She stopped when she saw her panicked son skid down the hallway.

“Ma!” Jackson gasped.

Linda’s stomach tightened. “What happened? Where’s Noah? Is he OK?”

“He’s not hurt,” Jackson babbled anxiously, “But he’s in the car. We were driving and he kept asking how much longer and I ignored him but he had to pee and he had a huge accident all over the back seat and now he can’t stop crying and it’s all my fault!”

Linda allowed herself a second of relief that no one was hurt, but she was already moving toward the garage. She patted Jackson gently on the cheek as she passed him. “It’s not your fault, Jackie. It’ll be OK.”

In the garage, Linda could see the Noah’s shaking outline in the backseat. She opened the back driver’s side door and slid in next to him. Though she didn’t react outwardly, Linda was stunned at the amount of wetness around Noah. On the drive home, the puddle on the seat had leeched into his clothes, leaving his jeans drenched from waist to ankle, and his shirt wet halfway up his back. Linda couldn’t imagine how long he must have been holding it to have an accident that size.

“Hey, honey,” Linda said softly.

Noah wanted to say he was sorry. He wanted to say it would never happen again, he wanted to beg for forgiveness. But when he opened his mouth, his stomach lurched in terror. Frantically, Noah scrambled for the door handle, stuck his head out the side of the car, and vomited on the garage floor.

“Oh, baby.” Linda reached over and wrapped her arms around Noah’s shoulders and gently guided his head into her lap. Noah wept and hiccupped, but didn’t resist. Linda rocked back and forth slightly, running her hands over Noah’s arms and hair.

“Shhhh. Just breathe, sweetheart. It’s OK. It’s OK. Just breathe.”

Slowly, minute by minute, Noah came back to his senses. His cries died down, but the humiliation remained. His sodden jeans hung heavily on his legs; his wet shirt started to itch against his back.

Linda kept talking, calmly, consistently, as Noah’s breathing evened out. "It's OK. It's OK. You're alright, sweetie."

After nearly 15 minutes of rocking and soothing, Linda rubbed Noah's shoulders. “Are you ready to go inside, honey?” Still not trusting his voice, Noah nodded.

Linda helped him sit up and reached over to unbuckle his seatbelt. Noah took one glance at the puddle of vomit outside his door and slid across the back seat to exit behind Linda.

He gingerly walked into the house, following Linda. She was deliberately walking slowly, guiding Noah down the hallway.

When they reached the kitchen, Noah stopped abruptly. Inexplicably, he felt new, warm wetness running down his leg.

“No, no, no!” he cried, breaking his silent reverie.

Startled, Linda turned around. She saw Noah frozen in place, flapping his hands and shaking his head. Looking down, she saw a small puddle growing around his left shoe. Linda’s heart broke for the poor boy.

“Sweetie, it’s OK, you probably just-“

“I’m sorry!” Noah burst out. “I’m so sorry I didn’t mean it I don’t know what happened I’ll clean it up please don’t send me awaaaaaaaaay!” he blathered without taking a breath, the last word ending in a desperate wail.

“Oh, Noah!” Linda cried, finally understanding his despair. Without hesitating, she wrapped the young man in a tight hug, wet clothes and all. “Sweetheart, no one is sending you away! Listen to me. You’re here as long as you want to be here. Please stop crying, baby, it’s OK. It’s just an accident. No one’s sending you away.”

Gulping, Noah pulled back to look at her with tear-filled eyes. “I didn’t mean to,” he whimpered pitifully, gazing down at the puddle he’d just made on the kitchen floor.

“Of course, you didn’t, honey,” Linda responded. “But you held on for an awfully long time in the car. Your bladder is going to be tired for awhile.”

Noah’s lower lip trembled. A tired bladder? He hated the thought of being more trouble than he’d already been today.

Seeing his hesitation, Linda pulled him into another hug. “It’s OK, sweetheart. Everything’s going to be OK. You go take a shower, and I’ll put your clothes in the laundry.”

Exhausted, Noah nodded. He slumped off to the upstairs bathroom, handing his wet clothes to Linda through the door. All the soap and hot water in the world couldn’t wash away the disgusting, infantile feeling of wetting on himself in Jackson’s car.

Back in his bedroom, Noah put on pajamas, no longer hungry for dinner. He just wanted to sleep, but he heard a soft knock on the door.

“Can I come in?” Linda’s voiced called from the hall. Noah crossed the room and opened the door.

“Here, honey,” Linda hesitantly held something out to him.

Noah resignedly took the pull-up. He deserved it, he supposed.

“Now, listen,” Linda chided, anticipating Noah’s reaction. Like I said before, your bladder was worked really hard today. This is just in case while your body resets.”

Noah kept his head down, but raised his eyes. “Did you have to buy them for me?”

Linda chuckled. “Honey, after years of foster kids and my own kids, you’d be amazing how many supplies I have sitting around this old house.”

Noah attempted a small smile. Linda reached out to ruffle his hair. “You sure you don’t want any dinner?” Noah shook his head. “OK, sweetheart. I’ll be downstairs if you need anything.”

Noah grimaced at the pull-up in his hand, but he knew it was infinitely better than peeing in his bed and ruining Linda’s mattress and sheets. He quickly put it on, shifting to adjust the fit under his pajama pants.

Just as Noah started to climb into bed, thoroughly ready to end the day, someone knocked on the door again. Before Noah could respond, the door opened slightly, and Jackson stuck his head in.

“Hey, kid,” Jackson murmured. “Can I come in?”

Noah inadvertently stepped back, embarrassed, but he nodded anyway.

Jackson tentatively stepped into Noah’s room. “Look, Noah-“

“I’ll clean it,” Noah spouted. “I’ll clear your car myself, or I’ll pay for it, I promise, I’m sorry, I tried, I-“

“Whoa!” Jackson held his hands up. Noah clamped his mouth shut and hung his head.

“Noah, kid, that’s not why I came,” Jackson exclaimed. “I came to apologize.”

Noah’s head snapped up. He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “But…but it was my fault, I couldn’t hold it…”

Jackson shook his head. “Kid, it’s not that simple. I wasn’t listening to you, and, for whatever reason, I made you think that you couldn’t ask me to stop or tell me you needed the restroom. That’s on me.”

Noah was mystified. He couldn’t remember ever not being blamed for something, especially something that he had so obviously done.

Jackson was looking at Noah beseechingly. “I screwed up, kid. I don’t ever want you to think that you can’t ask for something you need, OK? I’m supposed to make sure you’re taken care of. That’s a big brother’s job.”

“Brother?” Noah whispered, hardly daring to hope.

“Brother. Male sibling,” Jackson teased gently. “I know I’m not around very much, but we’re still family, dude.”

For the first time in hours, Noah smiled. “Yeah. Family.” He knew he sounded stupid, but he didn’t know what else to say.

Jackson ruffled Noah’s hair, just like Linda had done. “Glad we got that sorted out. Get some sleep, kid.”

And with a sense of contentment far greater than he could have imagined, Noah did just that.

*007*2015-01-18 18:22

I'm so glad y'all enjoyed it! I have a few more ideas for stories that I'll try to post over the next few months.

*010*2015-02-08 01:14

{{:

Hi!

I really liked your story, it was amazing, I think.

It's not your first story that I've read, but this time I decided to create an account to tell you, that you write really cool stories.

I loved these characters, because Noah is so cute and at the same time he is very interesting, and Jackson is friendly. This situation is special, and I liked the reactions of the boys and Linda. :)

I hope that Noah will be happy in the future. :)

Thank you, I enjoyed reading. ^^

}}

Well, that's quite a compliment. Thank you very much! Yes, I think Noah ends up very happy and very much a part of the family :)

*016*2015-05-03 22:47

Oh, wow! Thank you all so much. What a pleasant surprise to sign on this weekend and see so many new, kind comments :) I really appreciate it, and I'm very glad you all enjoyed the story. I think it's my favorite!

I definitely plan to keep writing. I don't have an fully-formed ideas at the moment, but I'd be more than happy to take suggestions!

*021*2015-06-21 00:52

OK, I didn't intend to continue this story, but then I came up with another idea, and I decided the scenario fit as an extension of these characters. I hope you like it!

###

“Hi, Malcolm,” a soft voice purred.

Malcolm looked up in surprise to see Bella Montgomery sliding into the seat next to him. “Uh...hey, Bella.”

His confusion grew as more students - Bella’s equally glamourous friends, her boyfriend, and other members of the football team - continued to fill in the bus seats all around him instead of continuing all the way to the back, like they had on the bus ride up.

Bella’s smile was all sweetness. “Did you have a good time at the science gallery?”

“Um, yeah, it was OK,” Malcolm bumbled, still confused. “Did...did you want something?”

“Oh!” Bella giggled exaggeratedly. “You know, the girls and I were just talking, and we realized that you’ve been here for a month, and none of us have gotten to know you! We’re so rude, really,” she drawled, smiling.

“Oh, well, it’s OK…” Malcolm trailed off. He still wasn’t sure what was going on.

Though most 16-year-olds had at least occasional trouble navigating the treacherous high school social landscape, Malcolm was at a more significant disadvantage than most, because Malcolm had spent five years in juvenile detention.

Malcolm never knew his mother, and his father wouldn’t have won any parent-of-the-year awards. As a child, Malcolm didn’t understand the intricacies of bipolar disorder; he just knew that his dad was unpredictable, strict, and couldn’t hold a job. With no real good examples, Mal’s behaviour escalated until he was finally sent to lockup at age 11 for setting fire to his neighbor’s tool shed.

In the detention hall, Malcolm’s lack of coping skills led to several fights with the older boys, and several altercations with the guards, eventually extending his stay to five years. To make matters worse, his father was killed in a car accident when Mal was 13, leaving him a ward of the state.

It wasn’t until a new counselor had joined the staff 18 months ago that he’d really made any progress. With the help of Dr. Whitney, as they boys all called her, Malcolm had started to work hard on his anger. He tried to pay more attention in classes, did well on his chores, and practiced being polite with the other boys and the staff.

As the end of his sentence approached, Dr. Whitney started preparing him for life outside of juvie. She arranged for a foster family, who she promised would be wonderful. They had lots of experience with foster kids, and had even adopted the last foster boy that lived with them.

In January, Malcolm left juvie and went to live with Linda and Raymond. Linda was a retired teacher who still did some subbing occasionally, while Raymond was vice president of something-or-other - Mal just knew he travelled a lot. They had three grown boys of their own, plus Noah, the foster kid they had adopted when he was 17, who was away at college.

Right away, Malcolm liked Linda. She was calm, yet positive, and she would praise Malcolm for his hard work. She seemed to understand how social situations and healthy coping mechanisms didn’t come naturally to him.

For the first few months, Linda homeschooled Mal, letting him get used to living in the community for the first time in five years. He learned to make his own decisions, get his own food, and do household chores instead of prison chores. When the older sons would come to visit, Mal would practice his social skills as they played basketball in the driveway or video games in the basement. Malcolm especially liked Noah; Noah seemed like proof that kids in the system could turn out OK.

In May, Linda and Dr. Whitney decided that Malcolm had progressed enough to attend the local high school for the final month of the year. They signed him up for a half-time schedule of classes, and Linda would drive him to school in the morning and pick him up at lunch. Despite a few instances of getting lost in the big building, Malcolm did pretty well, paying attention in class and completing all his assignments. So when Malcolm came home with a permission slip for an all day field trip to the science gallery, Linda and Dr. Whitney agreed that he could go.

Now, sitting on the bus after the longest day he’d spent out in public...maybe ever, Malcolm was starting to think that this hadn’t been the best idea. Sure, he’d enjoyed the science gallery, but he didn’t know his classmates very well, and being surrounded by 16-year-olds trying to talk to you for a 2-hour bus trip was a somewhat scary thought.

Plus, he had to pee.

“Soooo,” Bella was saying. “Tell us about yourself!” There was something in her eyes that made Malcolm nervous. “What kind of music do you like?”

Malcolm exhaled softly. OK. He could talk about music. “Well, I always liked some of the older stuff...The Who, The Clash, Queen…”

This went on for about 20 minutes, as various classmates asked him seemingly innocuous questions, chatting about their own likes and dislikes.

Letting his guard down ever so slightly - maybe they did just want to get to know him - Malcolm moved to stand up. “Hey, I’m just gonna go to the bathroom, I’ll be right back.”

A wicked gleam flashed through Bella’s eyes. “Oh, I have to go, too. You’ll let me go first, right?” And she stood, smiling down at Malcolm, who was already sitting back down, his face reverting back to a mask of confusion.

Malcolm wasn’t sure what had just happened, but there was still over an hour and a half left before they reached the school. He’d have plenty of time to use the bus restroom. Though Bella was taking an awfully long time…

Five minutes later, Bella flounced back down the aisle of the bus, flinging herself into the seat next to Malcolm. “That’s better!”

Malcolm tried to smile. “Yeah, I think I’ll…”

“Oh, but look,” Bella interrupted. “Winston is already going back.” She winked at her boyfriend across the aisle, who was standing up. “I guess you’ll have to wait for him.”

Malcolm’s heart sank. Sure enough, each time someone returned from the bathroom, the next person would jump up before he had the chance, each taking inordinately long. Bella kept smiling, keeping up conversation, asking Malcolm about his favorite sports teams and colors and what he thought of the medical exhibit at the gallery...

For 90 minutes, Malcolm grew increasingly uncomfortable, but he refused to let it show. He clenched his muscles and subtly pressed his thighs together, but he didn’t cross his legs or hold himself. He felt like this was some terrible test, an exam of how to survive high school, putting all his counseling to use.

Finally, the bus pulled into the school parking lot, which was filled with scattered cars. Malcolm’s eyes frantically scanned the spaces, but he didn’t see Linda’s car.

He squeezed his pelvic muscles tightly as the students all stood and filed off the bus. The briefest leak slipped from his dick as he walked down the steep bus steps. Malcolm inhaled sharply, but still didn’t hold himself.

He walked around the back of the bus, but still didn’t see Linda’s car in the dark parking lot. Bella, Winston, and a few other kids who were apparently driving themselves home, formed a loose circle around Malcolm.

“Gosh, Malcolm,” Bella said sweetly. “I just realized that you never got to use the restroom on the bus. And, aw...the school’s all locked up! Do you think you’ll be OK?” She stuck out her lower lip in a horrible expression of mock-worry.

Malcolm didn’t even bother trying to smile. He was done pretending; all his energy was going into holding his pee without using his hands. “I’m fine,” he grumbled.

“Is there a problem here?” came a low voice.

Malcolm looked up and nearly cried out with relief. His tormentors turned to see the imposing form of Noah, Mal’s foster brother.

Noah had thrived living with Linda and her family. He grew not only emotionally, but physically, and after graduating high school, had earned a walk-on spot on the Purdue football team. Now 20 years old, 6’4”, and 250 pounds, he stood with his arms crossed, glaring at the suddenly pathetic-looking band of teenagers surrounding Malcolm.

“I think you should all be getting home,” Noah growled. Mal knew Noah wouldn’t hurt a fly, but he certainly made for an intimidating spector.

“Mal?” Noah raised his eyebrows, and Malcolm nodded gratefully, following him out into the parking lot. Thankfully, no one tried to stop him.

Walking, though, proved problematic. Knowing his classmates could still see him, Mal refused to hold himself, but every step jostled his expanded bladder. A few drops escaped, and Malcolm clenched his fists in panic as they reached Linda’s car.

As soon as Malcolm opened the car door, his need increased exponentially, the same way it does when you actually reach home after holding it all day. A short leak streamed into his underwear, and he gasped, twisting his hips as he slid into the back seat. As soon as he sat down, he shoved his hands between his legs, holding tightly.

“Hey, men!” Linda called gaily from the driver’s seat. “How was…”

“Ma,” Noah interrupted, softly but sharply.

Linda immediately turned and looked at Malcolm as he pulled the back door shut. He was holding himself tightly, trembling all over as a bead of sweat slid down the side of his face.

“Let’s get home,” Noah was saying, but Linda was already starting the car.

“Mal…” Linda began gently as she pulled out of the parking lot. “You wanna tell me what happened?”

Malcolm drew in a labored breath and let it out with a whine. His bladder was so full, it hurt, and his vision swam in front of him.

“There was a group of kids teasing him,” Noah supplied in a low voice. “The school was already closed, so he couldn’t use the bathrooms there.”

“Was there a restroom on the bus?” Linda asked, concerned.

“They wouldn’t let me use it,” Malcolm answered, his voice tight. “They...they all sat around me and kept talking at me and when I tried to get up to go the first time, Bella got out before me, and then every time I’d start to get up, someone else would go in and stay in there so I could never get in.” Malcolm’s voice broke, and he hung his head, clutching himself between his clenched thighs.

Noah and Linda exchanged a horrified, angry glance. Linda gripped the steering wheel. “OK, sweetheart. It’ll be OK. We’ll be home in just a few minutes.”

Malcolm didn’t feel like he could last another few seconds, but he refused to let go. He couldn’t sit still; he fidgeted, bounced, and squirmed, trying to find a position to relieve the immense pressure. His movements rocked the small car, so Linda and Noah could literally feel his desperation.

Noah’s chest ached for the kid. Of course, he remembered sitting in the backseat of another car, trying to hold back his own pee with everything he had. Noah hated the other students for being so cruel.

Linda made the drive home as quickly as she could on the quiet residential streets. In less than 10 minutes, she pulled into the garage.

Noah glanced back at Malcolm, who was quivering and breathing hard. Noah frowned, recognizing that body language; he was sure Malcolm wouldn’t make it. Not wanting to give the poor kid an audience, Naoh climbed out of the car and walked into the house, pulling open the back car door for Mal as he walked by.

Linda stayed, gazing at her foster son with deep lines of concern etched into her face. “Mal? Honey, can you move?”

Grunting, Mal nodded and slowly swung his legs out of the car, his hands white-knuckled between his legs. More drops of urine seemed to escape with every move, but he was determined to make it to the bathroom.

Before he even realized it, Linda was at his side, her hand under his elbow, guiding him to his feet so he wouldn’t have to release either of his hands. For the first time all night, tears sprung in Malcolm’s eyes. He was so close, and he was with people who wanted to help him, not hurt him.

Malcolm was on his feet, but hunched over, his hips twisted and his thighs pressed together. Inhaling sharply, he took a small step toward the door. That single movement sent a quick stream of piss into his clenched hands. Malcolm groaned, bending over further, a look of intense pain on his face.

“Sweetie,” Linda exhorted, “it’s OK if you can’t make it.”

Malcolm gave a low whine and shook his head stubbornly. He had to make it. He couldn’t let them win. He clutched himself tighter and took another step, his face red with exertion.

Linda watched miserably as Malcolm slowly, step by step, made his way around the back of the car. Each step was a new torment, and the wet stain under his hand grew with every move. After a particularly vicious twinge, Malcolm gasped and grabbed onto the car to keep from falling to his knees. The leak lasted a full second, and the dark patch on his jeans was now visible beyond the grip of his hand.

“Please, Mal,” Linda begged. “You’re going to hurt yourself. Please just let go.”

Malcolm huffed angrily. He wouldn’t let go. He was beyond reasoning. His tenuous hold on his bladder represented his grasp on his new life. He was trying so hard to be a normal, functional teenager, and normal, functional teenagers didn’t pee their pants.

He took another step forward, propelled entirely by blind stubbornness. He could do this. He could live with a family and go to school and go on field trips without fucking up and getting sent back to juvie, and damnit, he could make it to the bathroom just like other people.

Malcolm was so wrapped up in his outsized determination, he didn’t realize how red his face was, didn’t notice the tears running down his cheeks, didn’t notice the veins popping out on his forearms from his tight grip.

“Mal…” Linda tried one last time. “Please…” She could see how much pain the young man was in, and she hated it. She didn’t understand what was going on in his head, how he’d equated making it to the bathroom with succeeding outside of jail, with being able to live life in society.

He could see the bathroom, just off the entryway from the garage. Noah had turned the hall light on, and it illuminated Malcolm’s upturned face. He just had to make it up the steps from the garage…

But he’d been holding on too long. The leaks had become more frequent as his body desperately tried to empty his tormented bladder, and as Malcolm lifted his foot to ascend the first step, his muscles gave out completely. Warm liquid forced its way into his already wet boxers, and he felt as if all the muscles in his lower body just went numb.

Malcolm cried out in pain and humiliation, a terrible, animalistic sound that made Linda gasp and reach for the boy as he crumpled to his knees in front of the concrete stairs.

Urine blasted out of Malcolm’s body, spreading in all directions past his still-clenched hands. His jeans drenched in seconds, and misshapen puddles pooled around his knees on the smooth garage floor.

“Mal…” Linda’s voice was drowned in Malcolm’s near-inhuman cries of fury and agony.

Malcolm hunched forward as he wet, his bladder contracting forcefully against the hours of painful holding. He scrabbled at the stairs, as if he were trying to dig into the stone with his bare hands, tearing apart the foundations the same way his body was being torn apart from the inside.

Linda could do nothing but watch in horror as urine continued to pour down the teen’s saturated legs. Malcolm was a big kid, but there’s no way any human should have been able to release such a volume of liquid.

The torrent of pee slowed, but didn’t stop. Malcolm grew lightheaded with physical relief, but his mind was overcome with fear, rage, confusion, and defeat.

He stumbled to his feet, a trickle of urine still flowing down the inside of his left leg. He’d tried so hard...he’d worked so long…

“Mal…” Linda called again, but Malcolm was beyond hearing. He couldn’t process losing control like that, after doing everything right, after going to school and being a good kid and learning to be social…

His vision clouded with tears, Malcolm reared back like a caged grizzly. With a roar, he drew back and swung wildly, his fist going straight through the drywall.

“Noah!” Linda called urgently, but Noah was already sprinting from inside the house. In one swift movement, he leapt down the stairs and wrapped his arms around Malcolm from behind, pinning the teens arms to his sides.

Malcolm bellowed, but he was no match for Noah’s football-honed strength. Mal clutched at Noah’s arms, not as much trying to rip them off as he was trying to find something, anything to hold on to. Linda spoke soothingly, gently rubbing Malcolm’s arms. In the midst of his foster brother’s grip and foster mother’s touch, Malcolm felt himself finally stop wetting. It was over.

In seconds, Mal stopped thrashing, overwhelmed with exhaustion. He sagged against Noah, who slowly lowered them both to the ground. Linda sat on the steps next to them, keeping her hands on Malcolm’s shoulder.

Sitting in his own giant puddle of urine, Malcolm tilted his head to look up at Linda with bloodshot eyes.

“Whyyyyyyyyyyyy?” he wailed, drawing out the word in a pitiful moan before breaking down into tormented, shaking sobs.

Linda pulled the boy’s head onto her lap, letting out a huge sigh. She locked eyes with Noah and nodded, letting him know that she could take it from here. Noah carefully untangled his arms from the bawling teen. He reached in his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief to hand to Linda before climbing over Malcolm’s puddle and going inside.

Malcolm didn’t know how long he stayed there, weeping in Linda’s lap. She never stopped murmuring, softly massaging his head and neck, occasionally leaning down to wipe tears and snot from his face as he held onto her legs.

Without raising his head, Malcolm inhaled shakily. “Why?” he asked again, his voice thick and trembling. “Why would they do that to me?”

A tear slipped down Linda’s cheek at the boy’s devastation; she wished she had a good answer. “I don’t know, sweetheart. Some people try to make themselves feel good by wielding power over other people. And other people just let it happen, for lots of reasons.”

Malcolm sniffled. “I was doing so good,” he said dejectedly.

“Oh, baby, you’re still doing good!” Linda cried, ignoring the grammatical error. “This doesn’t change anything. This doesn’t undo all your hard work.”

Tears flowed from Malcolm’s eyes as he buried his head in Linda’s knees. “I peed my p-pants!” he whimpered. “I couldn’t hold it and I got mad and I b-broke the wall!”

Linda grasped the teen’s shoulders reassuringly. “Shhh,” she whispered, wiping his cheeks with the handkerchief. “You had an accident because some kids decided to be very mean to you. That’s not your fault. You stayed calm on the bus with everyone around, and you didn’t make any bad choices.”

“But I punched the wall,” Mal repeated, his voice muffled against Linda’s jeans.

“I know, sweetie, and you’ll work with Raymond to fix it this weekend,” Linda soothed. “You did get mad, because things were out of your control. Your classmates were mean to you, and you don’t know why, so you were confused and sad, and then you tried so hard to hold it, but you couldn’t make it to the bathroom, so you were embarrassed and angry. That’s a lot to deal with at once. Yes, you punched the wall, and that wasn’t the best choice, but it wasn’t the worst choice, either, and this was a very difficult circumstance.”

Malcolm didn’t respond, but kept clinging to Linda as he wept.

“Mal, listen to me, sweetheart,” Linda said softly. “I want you to know that this doesn’t change anything, OK? You didn’t fail. You’re gonna keep going and keep working. We’ll get you cleaned up before bed, and then you’re gonna get some sleep. OK?”

Gulping, Mal nodded. He still felt awful, but he trusted Linda and believed that she was going to help him get past this. Keeping his head down, he sat up and let Linda pull him to his feet.

He shook with exhaustion as he stripped out of his soaked clothes and climbed into the shower, feeling as if he’d just run a marathon. The emotional and physical toll of the tortuous bus ride, hours-long hold, and ultimate accident left him completely drained.

Back in their shared bedroom, Noah sat on the edge of his bed as Malcolm entered. “Hey, kid.”

Malcolm looked up dejectedly. “I’m sorry I fought you,” he mumbled. He really liked Noah and hadn’t meant to get so mad.

Noah half-smiled and shook his head. “Not a problem, Mal. You know I was just trying to protect you.”

Malcolm sighed and flopped onto his bed. “I know. I just wish I hadn’t got so mad.”

“Hey,” Noah said, walking over to sit next to Malcolm, “there’s nothing wrong with feeling mad. Hell, I’d be mad if those assholes did to me what they did to you. It’s not the feelings you need to worry about; it’s how you handle them.”

Malcolm blushed. “I’ll do better,” he whispered.

“Hey,” Noah said again, putting his arm around the slumping teen, “I think you didn’t do so bad this time.”

Malcolm scoffed.

“No, really!” Noah insisted. “You had so much to deal with today - your first bus trip, two hours each way, your first all-day field trip. That’s a lot to get used to for you. And then those awful kids on the bus wouldn’t let you go to the bathroom, and you know what? You handled it. You didn’t lash out.”

Mal shrugged. He had been so focused on punching a hole in the garage wall that he hadn’t stopped to consider the fact that he’d lasted the whole bus ride without doing anything to himself or the other kids.

“Mal, when I saw you in the parking lot, I was so mad at what those kids were doing to you,” Noah continued. “But I was also so proud of you. You rose above; you didn’t sink to their level.”

Malcolm’s lower lip trembled at his foster brother’s words. “But…” he mumbled, “But I still couldn’t make it to the bathroom. I still had an accident.”

Noah leaned in conspiratorially. “But they don’t know that,” he whispered. “Look, as far as those losers are concerned, you made it. You won. Their stupid game didn’t work.”

“Yeah?” Malcolm finally looked up at Noah.

“Oh, definitely,” Noah nodded.

Malcolm started to smile, but it turned into a yawn. Noah grinned and rubbed his hair. “You’ll be OK, kid. I know today sucked, but you did good.”

“Thanks, Noah,” Malcolm replied sleepily, already leaning toward his pillow, about to drift off into a far more restful sleep than he expected.

Noah smiled nostalgically as he walked to the door and turned out the light. “Night, kid.”

