The perfect boyfriend - a fanfic/story

Author: Little Widow

*013*2013-01-05 03:19

I've decided to just keep going with this and whoever replies, replies. I like sharing this story more than I care about feedback, so... here we gooo! :D

Episode 16: Magical pancake dance! :p

Katie and Kendall walked out of the bedroom holding hands. Logan was still pouting and reading, and Kendall danced into the kitchen to start on pancakes.

"Morning kids," Mrs. Knight said, sipping her tea. "Katie, Camille said not to bug her until after two."

"Thank you," Katie answered as Kendall handed her a glass out of the cabinet. She filled it with water and took her meds.

Blah blah blah this is boring! Let's skip ahead to after breakfast! :)

"So, what shall we do today?" Kendall inquired.

"Well, the usual is out," Katie said sadly. "And so is the pool... You wanna go to the mall?"

"You up for that?" Kendall asked.

"Totally," Katie said. "And I have some things that should make it very interesting."

"I'm in," Kendall said, ripping off his shirt and sweats before Katie could blink an eye.

MALL.

"So what are these interesting things?" Kendall asked when they walked in the front door. "And how unconventional?"

"You of all people should help me underwear shop since you're the only one besides me who sees them," Katie said softly.

"How crazy are we talking?" Kendall asked.

"Don't worry I've got this," Katie said.

"I'm not talking price, I'm asking... How risque are we talking?"

"Depends on what you like. We can go lacy, thong... We can check out victoria's secret, Forever 21... It's all up to you baby."

"God you're the perfect girlfriend," Kendall said, crashing his lips down on Katie's.

THREE STORES AND SIXTY BUCKS LATER.....

"We should go underwear shopping more often," Kendall said as he handed Katie her latte.

"simply for the fact of choosing or more trips to forever 21?" Katie inquired.

"Mm... both," Kendall answered. "so how long until we can get kinky again?" Kendall asked.

"I have no clue," Katie sighed. "My cycle is very undependable. It may be a few days, or it may be a week."

"You have the most fickle reproductive system."

"don't blame me, blame genetics," Katie said, sipping her latte. "The bigger question is how I'm going to explain this to Camille. I have to contribute a certain amount of money to the house, and I just blew half of it."

"I could have paid for it," Kendall said. "I am a billionaire."

"But I didn't want you to," Katie said quietly. "It just means we have to be careful this month. And Camille gets paid extra this week since she did the night shoot, so we should be okay."

"I didn't realize you guys were so... financially unstable," Kendall said, dazed.

"Why do you think you've never met me? I've always been working to try and support us."

"Wow."

Episode 17: Horns.

"Wow. I... had no idea."

"It's easier when your label pays for everything, isn't it?" Katie said. "But I grew up not rich but not super poor, so I understand how to work a house on two hundred dollars a week. And since I only have two mouths to feed, it's a lot easier than growing up.." Kendall stared at her, trying to imagine how her childhood looked with all this new information.

"Well, why dwell on the negatives?" He finally said. "When you could be modeling hot dresses for our date tonight?"

"I didn't get a dress."

"Not yet," Kendall said, pulling her towards Forever 21.

ANOTHER HOUR AND FORTY DOLLARS LATER.....

"NOW you're ready for our date tonight," Kendall said as he skipped to the car.

"And am I allowed to know anything about it?" Katie said stiffly.

"Not a thing," Kendall said happily.

"Figures, cuz I just LOVE surprises."

Things went on similar to that the next five days, Katie and Kendall trying to find things to do together other than pee. But Kendall was finally getting tired of waiting on Friday night...

"How much longer until you're done?" He asked.

"I told you I don't know," Katie said. "Maybe tomorrow, maybe Tuesday. And I've enjoyed this week!"

"I have too, but I miss being as close to intimate as you want to get!" Kendall said. "God I am SO aroused!"

"Well then pee on me," Katie snapped. Kendall's jaw dropped. "You heard me! Actually, wait a second." She ran to her room and threw on one of the new bras Kendall had picked out that matched her underwear. She walked back out in just that. "NOW you can pee on me."

"God I love you!" Kendall said, crashing his soft lips down on hers. He had Katie lay down on her bed, stripped himself down, and let loose.

"OHHHHH!!!!!!!"" Katie moaned. She had forgotten how much SHE had missed it too. When Kendall finished, he lay down next to her, panting.

"So... Does this mean we're on good terms again?" He breathed.

"When did we stop?" Katie said, kissing him. Kendall started kissing her too, then slowly kissed down her neck, over her chest, and started kissing her stomach, stopping to suckle every so often on the moist exerts of his bladder.

___

You likey? :D Lemme know, it only gets hotter from here..

*014*2013-01-12 21:58

Sorry I haven't been on! But then again maybe no one is reading this..... Welp, this is where it will get HOT and INTERESTING. ;) Enjoy.

Episode 18: Black.

The next day when Katie woke up, she was in for the best surprise in a long time: her period had stopped! She got dressed and called Kendall.

"Don't you know it's Saturday morning?" He said sleepily.

"well if you don't want your surprise then fine," Katie said half seriously.

"surprise?" Kendall said.

"Pack the usual and come up. I think you'll like what I have for you." and Katie hung up. This was going to be the perfect Saturday; Camille was going to be out all say shooting her movie, Kendall would be wetting on her all day, what could possibly go wrong?

Ten minutes later, Kendall was banging on the front door.

"What's the surprise?" he asked.

"I'm done," Katie said. "We can do it again." Kendall swept her off her feet, and started kissing her.

"Kendall!" Katie gasped. "Save it for the bedroom. You nice and full?"

"Not even close," he sighed.

"I made coffee," Katie breathed. "Come on." Kendall followed after her like an idiot, drooling the whole way.

"So we can spend as much time as we want?" He asked.

"Whenever one of us feels the need, just tell me, and we can get kinky," Katie said pouring Kendall and herself a cup of coffee. "Here."

"Thanks," He said.

"Do you like anything in it? Camille likes the works so I have everything..."

"Um, no thanks," Kendall answered. "So... we're really going to do this?"

"As far as you want," Katie said. "And... I was thinking we could get... even closer, since you're doing so well with adjusting, and-" Kendall cut her off with a kiss.

"It's time," he said, already unbuttoning his shirt.

Episode 19: Red hands.

That day, Katie and Kendall spent most of it in the living room on the floor, naked, and making out. That is, until about two o'clock, when they made a decision that would change their lives forever. At three o'clock, Camille walked in and closed the door.

"OH MY GOD WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?!?!?!?!" She screeched. Katie and Kendall hopped up off the floor then.

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HOME?!" Katie yelled back.

"I CAME AFTER A BOX OF TAMPONS BECAUSE I JUST STARTED AND THEN I WALK IN TO FIND YOU TWO HAVING SEX WHILE YOU'RE PEEING?! WHAT THE F--- KATIE?!"

"Camille I can explain!" Kendall panicked.

"NO! I am CALLING YOUR MOM Kendall! GO get dressed! Both of you!" Camille screamed. She dialed Mrs. Knight. Katie lingered while Kendall took a shower.

"Camillle-"

"Don't," She said. "I... You... WHY?!"

"I have a fetish, okay?! Is it so bad to find someone who will indulge in it with me and to make love to him?!"

"It is when it's on my living room floor and you're not using protection and PEEING ON EACH OTHER!!!" Camille screeched.

"Shower's open," Kendall stuttered.

"Come with me," Katie said, tears in her eyes. Kendall couldn't refuse. He followed her into the bathroom, where she turned on the water. He waited patiently. she stepped inside the shower and let her tears fall silently. "She's going to try and keep us apart."

"I won't let that happen," Kendall said firmly. "There is no way in HELL I am staying away from you. I... I LOVE you. All of you. The good, the bad, the weird, the scary, everything. I've only known you three weeks and you've already changed me, and for the better at that. I don't care if we have to run away to Las Vegas, I will keep you. I swear." Katie turned the water off.

"Check to see if anyone is outside," Katie asked. Kendall poked his head out the door. His mom and Camillle were talking and they both looked pissed off.

"They're both out there," Kendall said when he shut the door. "My mom is going to KILL ME. Especially when she finds out what we've REALLY been doing."

"What have you been telling her?" Katie asked wearily.

"That we've been doing normal boyfriend and girlfriend stuff, like dancing, playing video games-"

"Kendall Francis Knight you get out here this INSTANT!" Mrs. Knight screamed.

"I have to go," Kendall said. He kissed Katie. "Call me if you need me."

"I need you," Katie whispered.

"I'll be back," Kendall promised. He kissed Katie one more time and left. Katie had never felt more alone.

*015*2013-01-16 01:47

And now for the drama aspect. ;D Enjoy!

Episode 20: The aftermath.

"How could you BE so irresponsible?!" Mrs. Knight screeched at Kendall. "Do you KNOW how dangerous sex is?! And did you even think about STD's? Or getting her pregnant?! Or-"

"Mom we were not having sex!" Kendall finally shouted. "We were simply enjoying each other's bodily fluids! We've been doing this most of the time we've been together, except for the past week because Katie was on her cycle and honestly today is the farthest we've ever gone! And honestly we... I never went in," Kendall finished in a small voice. "And Camille is all Katie has left and I screwed that up for her too! God I am SUCH an idiot!"

"You are not," Mrs. Knight said. "I had no idea you were... into that. I'm sorry. I just... want to protect you. And I was... I don't know."

"As bad as this has been for me, Katie has almost nothing and I'm afraid she's losing it all right now," Kendall explained. "Can I PLEASE go check on her?"

"...Yes," Mrs. Knight said unwillingly.

"Thanks Mom!" Kendall said as he raced for the elevator.

BACKTRACK ABOUT THREE MINUTES UPSTAIRS IN APARTMENT 4J....

"WHY?!" Camille screeched again.

"Camille I can't control it!" Katie defended, still crying. "I can't control what feels good, I can't control that Kendall's pee makes me feel like I am tingling in every single cell of my body, and I can't help it that you refuse to accept it!"

"I.... I don't know what to say!" Camille shouted. "I just need space right now! And not just awkward living with you space, but real, kick you out for a while space!"

"Fine!" Katie answered, and she ran out of the apartment. She banged on the elevator button until the door opened, she ran inside, and waited until the doors closed before she curled up in a ball and started sobbing. She had just lost everything. Suddenly the elevator doors opened and Kendall was standing there, almost angelic in presence. He knelt down next to her, and she heaved her weepy body on to him.

"She kicked you out, didn't she?" Kendall asked. Katie nodded weakly. "You're coming to stay with me."

"What?" Katie said, finally looking up.

"I told you I was going to take care of you, no matter what it cost me," Kendall said, stroking her hair. "I'm not leaving you to the streets where you can find a way to hurt yourself and slowly starve to death. I love you, and I want to take care of you. Please?" Katie just shook her head, too tired to do anything else. She was drained. Then the doors to the elevator opened.

Episode 21: Not really.

Suddenly the elevator doors opened. And there, in all their mean girl bitchiness stood the jennifers.

"Move it freaks," Blonde Jennifer said. "Be a doll and get us on the first floor would you? We need to prepare for clubbing tonight."

"Whatever," Katie said, pushing the button. She also pushed the button for floor two, and Kendall added floor four. He knew she absolutely had to have some things from Camille's place, and he was going to get them, one way or another.

THREE FLOORS LATER......

"You don't have to do this," Kendall reminded Katie.

"But I do," Katie said sadly. "You get my meds and the soy milk and I'll get the rest, okay?" Kendall nodded, and he knocked on the door.

"It's open," Camille sobbed. Kendall walked through the door, and he found Camille sobbing on the couch. "What are you two doing here?"

"I came after her meds," Kendall said.

"They're in the kitchen," she said. "What do she want?"

"My stuffed platypus," Katie said, running to her room. Kendall continued to the kitchen.

"I guess I should thank you for taking her in," Camille sniffled. Kendall didn't say anything, not sure how to respond. "Just don't tell any of this to Logan. I... couldn't bare it if he hated me."

"He'd be just as upset as I am, but he'd be torn as to which side to take," Kendall said matter-of-fact. "But he'd probably take your side simply because he hates the germs he thinks we spread when we kiss."

"Just be good to her," Camille begged. "Better than what I am."

"I swear I will," Kendall said.

"I'm ready," Katie said. She had a bag on her shoulder with most of her clothes in it, her pillow with a blanket stuffed inside, and her stuffed platypus. She followed Kendall out, and they shut the door. They never spoke a word about what happened in there, but Katie knew that she wasn't the only one hurting.

###

"Mom! I need to talk to you!" Kendall shouted when he walked in the front door.

*016*2013-01-24 01:18

I'm usually not too picky, But I really would like some feedback now and again... I know it's boring, but TRUST me, this will get interesting again pretty quickly. ;)

Episode 22: (Un)Welcome.

"Mom! I need to talk to you!" Kendall shouted when he walked into the apartment.

"What now Kendall?" Mrs. Knight sighed. "And you are skating on very thin ice." She noticed Katie hiding behind him. "What is she doing here?"

"Um, Camille kicked her out of the apartment, and I told her that she could stay here," Kendall said pleadingly.

"You what?"

"Please Mom?" Kendall begged. "She's sweet, she can feed a family of five on two hundred dollars for three days, and she's house broken, which beats any cat I could bring home!"

"You two swear you won't do what you did this afternoon EVER again as long as you live here?" Mrs. Knight asked Katie. She nodded, and something in her face made Mrs. Knight remember how she felt when her husband had left her. "As long as there is none of what happened this afternoon I'll turn a blind eye," Mrs. Knight said, and she walked upstairs.

"Did she just say yes?" Kendall asked Katie.

"Not only that I think she agreed to let us share your room," Katie said, shocked.

"That's exactly what I meant!" Mrs. Knight shouted. Katie shuffled into Kendall's room, not waiting for him to follow. She needed a moment to herself to process it all. How something that was supposed to be so perfect went so horribly, irreversibly wrong. She laid her head on Kendall's pillow, inhaling the scent as tears overflowed her eyes. She realized she had just been alienated from the last person on earth whom she was related to. And that reality was almost too much to bear. She lay there sobbing quietly until she felt someone else lay down next to her. Only one person would be brave enough to try and reach her in this state.

"Mom has dinner ready," Kendall whispered to her. "You want some?" Katie just shook her head. As far as she was concerned, she was happy just to die at this point. "Alright, I'll just lay here with you," Kendall said. He wrapped his arms around her, and that was all it took for Katie to feel safe. She rolled over and buried her face in Kendall's shirt, inhaling his scent. It was a cinnamon kind of scent, but with a hint of woodsiness to it. She never wanted him to let her go. As long as she was in Kendall's arms, she was safe and loved.

But finally, Logan came in and said that if they didn't tell him why Camille was sobbing uncontrollably that he was going to try and figure it out for himself and he would go to any means necessary to do so.

"She... She's in the grieving process I guess," Katie whispered. "She's just mourning the loss of who she thought I was, what she had hoped for me." Kendall of course, voiced it louder for Katie. Then he looked at the clock and got up.

"Wait!" Katie cried hoarsely. "Where are you going?"

"I'm just going to get your meds for you," Kendall assured her. He walked back over, kissed her pretty head, and left. When he came back five minutes later, he was carrying the plastic tub that held all of the pill bottles and a glass of soy milk.

"I tried, but I have no clue what you take when," he said, frustrated. Katie pulled out the biggest white bottle and started explaining to Kendall. She did the same with a orange bottle, and a purple bottle, when Logan's curiosity got the better of him.

"What are all those for?" He asked nervously.

"I'm not sick," Katie started. "Well, maybe in the head, but..."

"Should we tell him?" Kendall asked Katie. She whispered something in his ear. He turned to Logan. "They are to help her sleep, and to help battle her chronic depression."

"O-kay," Logan said awkwardly. "I'm gonna... go change for bed and brush my teeth." He grabbed some clean pajamas and scurried out of the room.

"And THAT is why I rarely try and explain the meds," Katie muttered. She stuck all the small ones in her mouth and swallowed them.

"He'll get used to them," Kendall assured her. "I mean... to be honest, I was kind of freaked the first time I saw your pill case."

"Yeah... I guess," Katie sighed. "I'll take that dinner now."

Episode 23: Munchie crunchie noodle doodles.

"I'll take that dinner now," Katie said softly. Kendall led her out to the kitchen, and pulled the leftovers out of the fridge. He plopped the remaining Parmesan noodles on to a plate and stuck them in the oven/microwave.

"So... Is there anything I need to know now that... We're living together?" he asked. Katie took a deep breath.

"I can't have dairy, I HAVE to eat with my meds otherwise I throw up, and I have an appointment with my psychiatrist on Monday," she said.

"Okay," Kendall said. "I love you."

"Love you too," Katie whispered. The microwave dinged then and Katie ate the noodles.

BED.

Katie curled into Kendall's chest and let her mind drift. She didn't sleep very well though, and ridden with nightmares. When morning finally reared it's too cheery head, Katie rolled herself out of bed and on to the floor.

"That's not the best way to get ready for the day," Kendall joked.

"Shut up," Katie muttered. She grabbed some clothes and her self care products out of her bag, and left the room.

"She's gone Logan," Kendall said.

"Good," he breathed.

*017*2013-01-30 19:21

After these two, it gets hot. ;D Enjoy!

Episode 24: sunshine.

"Good," Logan breathed. "Thanks man, I owe you."

"Honestly we need to tell her," Kendall said. "I can't hide your breathing treatments forever."

"Dude you promised!" Logan whined. Kendall gave him a look. "Fine! I'LL tell her. LATER. Now shoo!" Yes, logan was a severe asthmatic and had to have breathing treatments every morning.

MEANWHILE IN THE KITCHEN......

"Morning!" Mrs. Knight said as she entered the kitchen. "How are you?"

"Tired," Katie said as she pulled the soy milk out of the fridge.

"Morning Mommy," Kendall said as he sauntered into the kitchen. He wrapped his arms around Katie and kissed her hair.

"Mm, your hair smells like coconut," He noted. Mrs. Knight finished making herself tea and left. Kendall whispered into Katie's ear, "Don't let anyone in the bedroom for about thirty minutes."

"Why?" She asked.

"I'll explain later," he answered. "Did you take your meds?"

"I was working on that before you started sniffing my hair," Katie said, a smile playing at her lips.

"Well as tempting as it is to keep sniffing, medicating is something that simply cannot wait. Can you please show me what you take in the morning?" Katie walked over to the box on the counter that her meds were in, and started explaining. She was just about to take them when James walked downstairs and started staring.

"What now?" Kendall demanded.

"One, What the hell are you two doing, and two, WHAT THE F--- IS THAT NOISE?!" Katie listened for a moment, and knew what it was right away; a nebulizer. She kind of figured the rest out.

"To answer question one, I am.... doing stuff and two, I think the dishwasher is broken again," Kendall fibbed. "So there." James pouted, and stomped back upstairs. When he came back down, he was dressed for flirt time. "DON'T bother me," he said, and he stormed out the front door. Logan walked out of the bedroom then.

"Morning!" He said.

"Hey," Katie said. She was now munching on some cereal.

"You know that tastes better with milk, right?" Logan joked.

"No, because then it gets too soggy," Katie said with a mouthful. Everyone ate breakfast and then Kendall and Katie were stuck without anything to do again.

"I hate that we can't get kinky," Kendall complained.

"Well..." Katie started, but she hesitated.

"What are you thinking?" Kendall demanded.

"...The pool," she said. "We have that."

"Are you SERIOUSLY suggesting we do THAT in a pool?!" Kendall inquired, incredulous.

"Well what else are we supposed to do?" Katie retorted. "Your mom banned us from getting kinky in here, I SUCK at video games, and to be honest, my idea of fun is either blogging or reading."

"The pool it is!" Kendall declared. He started digging in a dresser for his swim trunks. Katie pulled out her bag of stuff from under Kendall's bag.

"So... do I get a hint about your bikini or am I in for a surprise?" He asked shyly.

"I DON'T wear a bikini," Katie stated.

"What?!"

"...I have three reasons," Katie said. "One, I'm too self conscious to wear one, two, I refuse to get a bikini wax, and three... modesty."

"Modesty?" Kendall asked.

"Your body is the temple of your soul! And while I'd be perfectly happy to show all of it to you, the rest of the world doesn't need to see it!" And with that, Katie grabbed her TANKini and stormed off to the bathroom.

"Hey dude," Logan said as he flopped down on his bed. "So... I talked to Camille about some stuff."

Episode 25: Conversation.

"So... I talked to Camille about some stuff," Logan started. Kendall ripped his shirt off.

"Like what?" he said nonchalantly.

"Like what happened yesterday," Logan said. Kendall stared at him.

"WHAT?!" He roared.

"Chill!" Logan said. "...I'm cool with the fact y'all.... have a fetish," he finished softly.

"Well, we can't indulge anymore, unless I want my mom to kick Katie out," Kendall grumbled.

"But what if she didn't know?" Logan said, smug.

"Go on..."

"I'll tell Katie about me, and if she covers for me, I'll cover for you two in return," Logan offered. Kendall's jaw dropped. Was this REALLY happening?! Could he really get to pee all over Katie again? Speaking of her, she knocked on the door then.

"Can I come in?" She asked.

"Yeah," Kendall said. He was finished changing anyways. Katie walked in.

"Hey Logan," she added. "You ready Kendall?"

"Almost," he said. "I'll grab some sunscreen if you grab a couple of towels."

"Deal," Katie giggled. Kendall kissed her and they left.

AT THE POOL.....

"So... How to proceed?" He said softly.

"First off, how full are you?" Katie inquired.

"Not as full as I could be," He answered. "You?"

"Same," Katie answered. "So... we just have to wait."

"Okay," Kendall smiled. He swept Katie up off of her feet, and set her down in a chair. Lucy walked up then.

"Hey Kendall," she said. "Who's your friend?"

"This is my girlfriend, Katie," he said, beaming.

"So the rumors ARE true," Lucy said. "I didn't want to believe the Jennifer's when they said you two were hooking up, but-"

"WHAT?!" Katie and Kendall shouted.

"Didn't you hear?" Lucy asked. "They keep telling everyone you two are hooking up and Camille caught you two having wild sex in her living room."

"I'm gonna kill them!" Katie growled.

"I'll help!" Lucy said, smiling.

"No one is killing anyone," Kendall said. "Lucy, you have just as much power as they do, so try and spread the word that we are NOT HOOKING UP!"

"I'm going upstairs," Katie said. after she had left, Lucy sat down next to Kendall.

"The rumors don't stop there," she said. "There's one going around that she's pregnant, another that says she's a pervert, and another that says she's mentally insane. How much of that is true?"

"Everything except the pregnant part," Kendall whispered. "But she isn't mentally insane. Just... disturbed is all."

"God I am going to mame the Jennifers the next time I see them," Lucy said. "And DON'T try to stop me."

"I wouldn't dare," Kendall said, smiling. "If I could hit a girl, I would seriously fight them."

"That's what you have me for," Lucy said, and she left.

UPSTAIRS.

"Hey," Logan said when Katie walked in the front door. "Go get dressed, we need to talk."

"What about?" Katie sighed. "I'm not really in the mood."

"Please?" Logan begged. "It's important."

"Fine," Katie sighed. she ran to the bedroom and locked the door.

THIRTY MINUTES, A SLAP ON THE HEAD AND TWO LATTES LATER...

"What is this about?" Katie demanded. She was clearly losing her patience.

"I know what happened yesterday," Logan said.

*018*2013-02-03 01:04

TADA! The long awaited hottest thing I have ever written chapter 26! :D I am just gonna warn you this is hot and heavy and a little graphic. :3 IT DOES NOT GO ALL THE WAY THOUGH. Oh, and leave a reply telling me if it seemed realistic? :) ENJOY!

Episode 26: trading favors.

"I know what happened yesterday," Logan said. Katie nearly choked on her latte.

"How did you find out?!" She whispered, incredulous.

"Camille told me in between sobs," Logan said. "But I get it. I mean we all have our things, right?"

"Well don't worry," Katie said, tears in her eyes. "If Kendall and I do it again I get kicked out."

"About that.." Logan started. "I have a two-part proposition."

"I'm listening."

"As a roommate, you need to know.... I have severe asthma," Logan said. He took a deep breath, and continued. "I have a rescue inhaler, and Kendall knows how to use it, but I also have to do breathing treatments every morning. And since Kendall is the only mature one in the apartment besides you and Mrs. Knight... He usually covers for me with the noise my nebulizer makes."

"So... You're asking me to cover for you too?" Katie asked.

"And if you do, I'll let you and Kendall enjoy... your fetish, and cover for you," Logan said. "What do you say?" Katie was speechless. She never in a million years thought she would be able to pee all over Kendall ever again! And all she had to do was cover for Logan!

"...But what about the laundry that comes with the fetish?" Katie asked.

"I'll have your back with that too," Logan said. "Do we have a deal?"

"Yes," Katie said. "We do." And they shook on it.

WHEN THEY GOT BACK TO THE APARTMENT....

"There you are!" Kendall said when Katie walked through the front door. He swept her off her feet and kissed her. "Don't scare me like that!"

"Logan just forced me to get a latte," Katie breathed. She reached up to whisper in his ear, since Carlos and little Katy were there. "I know and agreed," she whispered. Kendall started kissing her again.

"Ew! Get a room!" Katy shouted. Kendall shoved her through to the bedroom and kicked the door shut. He ripped the buttons undone in his shirt and Katie helped, neither of them breaking the kiss. Kendall then started to move Katie's shirt out of the way, when it happened; He lost control and started wetting his jeans. Katie pressed her body up against the jeans, Kissing down his body, up to his jeans, and started suckling. Kendall moaned, and suddenly the pee came out much harder. eventually, he stopped, and Katie collapsed on top of him.

"I can't... wait," she breathed. Kendall kissed her again, down her body, and started sucking her pussy, which suddenly started gushing urine. He couldn't help it, he got so hard it hurt, and Katie couldn't stop moaning. Finally Katie ripped her shirt off, and was working on her bra as her pee turned to a trickle, and then stopped altogether. Kendall layed her down, and ripped her skirt out of the way, and tossed it behind them. He then started fumbling with his jeans while Kissing Katie madly. She helped him get them undone and he yanked them down and threw them too. He then set to work on Katie's panties, which she happily slid off and tossed away. They started making out, and with Kendall's underwear the only thing standing between them and sex, he happily took them off, and they continued making out.

I DO NOT WANT TO WRITE THE REST OF THAT, SO LET'S SKIP TO AFTERWARDS.....

Katie lay there panting, thinking about everything that just happened. Finally, she decided to get up and make a snack. It was three in the afternoon anyways. She got some clothes out of her bag, and got dressed. She took in the rest of herself in the mirror James had left in the room. Her hair was damp in some spots, and smelled like pee. Definitely shower time. "And I just got dressed," She whispered to herself.

AFTER SHOWER.

"Well hello there," Logan said. "Kendall is still passed out, BUT I was able to take care of everything else."

"Thanks," Katie said, blushing. She grabbed a banana.

*020*2013-02-04 00:07

{{:

Pretty good story, although it would be better if you had more male omo...

}}

I'm working on it. In hindsight I probably should have put female, but I'm trying to work in more male omo. :/ It's a work in progress..

*021*2013-02-04 01:26

Sorry I only posted one chapter last time! :( But if it is any consolation, these next few ones are kind of a let down, but it'll get better, trust me. ;) Enjoy!

Episode 27: The nightmare begins.

Eventually Kendall woke up, did the same thing as Katie, and the rest of the day was perfect. In fact, there weren't any problems until Monday Morning....

MONDAY.

As the alarm went off, Kendall slowly turned it off. He looked down, and Katie was snuggled up against him, her stuffed platypus in her arms. He kissed her forehead, and then chunked a pillow at Logan's head.

"Hey!" He shouted. This in turn, woke up Katie, who grabbed her bag and half walked half ran to the bathroom.

"What's her deal?" Logan asked as he pulled out his nebulizer.

"Like I know," Kendall snapped.

"Well considering you two have had sex twice, I would assume you, of all people, would know," Logan stated, putting the medicine in the container. Kendall hopped out of bed and walked out of the room. He started pulling out Katie's meds and put some bread in the toaster for her.

"Sorry about that," She said when she walked out of the bathroom. "I just..."

"It's cool," Kendall said. "But now it's my turn." He kissed Katie's head again, and went into the bathroom. Katie couldn't help but reminisce about his perfect body. The toast popped then, which made her jump. She got it, buttered it, and took her meds. Suddenly James came bounding down the stairs.

"I have gossip!" He said happily. "Apparently the Jennifer's started a bunch of rumors about you, but they're claiming that NONE of them are true!"

"Why do you hang on their every word?" Katie demanded.

"Because they're HOT!" Carlos said from the top of the swirly slide. Everyone got ready and headed to the studio, where Gustavo, Griffin, and a bunch of other people were waiting for them.

"KENDALL!!!!!" He shouted. "YOU are in a WHOLE MESS OF TROUBLE!!!!!"

"Yes, because thanks to your little romance and your friends, we now have every fan in the world thinking you are dating a psychopath," Griffin said.

"SHE IS NOT A PSYCHOPATH!!!!" Kendall shouted. Katie just hid behind him and Logan.

"Then why do all the gossip sites say that you two have had sex? and that she is on special medication? Hmm?" Griffin demanded. "It's time for damage control."

"Don't I get a say in this?" Katie suddenly blurted out. Everyone stared at her. Logan and Kendall moved aside.

"Who are you?" Griffin asked.

"I'm the supposed psychopath," Katie said. "Look, I can make these rumors disappear. I have friends in high places and I have a blog of note on blogger. Give me an hour, a photographer, and an interview with a magazine, and I can clear this whole mess up, okay?"

"You better," Griffin said. "Otherwise, you can kiss your days of romance with my band goodbye." Griffin ordered the people around him to do what Katie said, and then he and the rest of the people left.

"And you seriously think you can do that?" Kelly finally said.

"Yes," Katie said. "I have a plan, and I need some help from you Kelly." Katie explained the plan and then set to work with Kendall, the photographer, and the interviewer.

"So what do you want me to do?" The photographer asked. "My name is Niam, BTW. And I TOTALLY LOVE that you're doing this!"

"Take some shots of me and Kendall," Katie said while she started her laptop up. She went over to Kendall, and whispered something in his ear. The photographer set to work, and when he was finished, he gave Katie the memory thing with the photos on it. She uploaded them to her blog, and made a post to disprove the rumors. Then Kelly brought in an interviewer from Seventeen, who interviewed her and Kendall. By about noon, the situation was as resolved as it could get, so Gustavo sent Katie home and went to work on recording the boys' new track. Katie called Mrs. Knight, who came and picked her up.

"So how was it today?" She asked blankly.

"I learned how to do damage control," Katie said awkwardly.

"I'm sorry I've been so cold since Saturday," Mrs. Knight said. "I love that you make Kendall so happy. He's only ever felt this way about one other girl, and she got her big break, so she had to leave him. But that was in the past."

"I forgive you," Katie whispered.

"And please please PLEASE just treat me like I was your mother too," Mrs. Knight added. "I know your family situation is very complicated."

"VERY," Katie said. "Thank you. Thank you so much for all your hospitality."

DINNERTIME.

"You missed a SICK recording session today Katie," Carlos said as he bounced into the house. "We totally rocked it!"

"And you missed Logan hyperventilate," James chuckled.

"It was NOT funny!" Logan argued.

"Hey you," Kendall said, kissing Katie. "I missed you."

"I missed you too," Katie said, blushing. "How mad is Gustavo now?"

"Not as mad," Kendall said. "Griffin says it would all clear up a lot faster if we posted something on our website."

"Well, I AM ready for y'all to create a post," Katie said, smiling. "After dinner."

That night went by smoothly. Logan was able to hide Katie and Kendall wetting and making out, and they returned the favor in the morning. But that morning things went a little bit differently....

MORNING.

"Morning beautiful," Kendall said, kissing Katie. She was about to say something, when all of a sudden, she bolted to the bathroom, hand clamped over her mouth.

Episode 28: What up man?!

"Wow, you must have-"

"Shut up!" Kendall said, and he walked over to the bathroom. The door was unlocked, so he walked in.

"You okay?" His answer was Katie's wretching. He knelt down and held her hair out of her face. "Shh. It's okay." He was panicking mentally. Had he gotten her sick from all of his pee? Finally, Katie finished, and she laid her head down on Kendall's chest.

"You didn't need to see that," She moaned quietly. Kendall felt her forehead.

"You're staying home today," he said. He scooped Katie up and brought her back to his bed. He set her down gently. "Wait here." And he left. Logan was already doing his breathing treatment. Kendall brought some crackers and clear soda in for Katie. "Drink this, and if you can keep that down, you can start on the crackers. Oh, and I'm staying home with you."

"Kendall you can't," Katie moaned. "You have a job."

"And I'm also worried about you."

"Fine," Katie said, rolling over. but that made her feel queasy again, so she just laid on her back and pouted. Logan finished up his treatment and left to get ready. Katie felt fine after about an hour, so Kendall got her her meds and let her get up and walk around. Finally he decided she was well enough that they could go to the pool, so they changed into something cooler and went down.

"So what happened this morning?" Kendall asked.

"Like I know," Katie said. "I guess it was just nerves about yesterday. All these rumors..."

"They can't hurt us," Kendall assured her. They stayed at the pool until the rest of the gang came back. They all told Kendall what he missed and that Gustavo was going to have double the work for him to do tomorrow. He didn't care. He was more worried about Katie.

BEDTIME.

"Are you going to be mad if I don't want to pee tonight?" Katie asked as she and Kendall crawled into bed.

"Of course not," Kendall said. "Sleep tight." Katie curled up against Kendall like a kitten. He couldn't help but smile.

THE NEXT MORNING......

"Katie?" Kendall whispered. "Time to wake up." She woke up, but was extremely desperate. She pulled Kendall in for a kiss and thrust her body up against him. she let loose and he responded likewise. Suddenly there was a banging on the door.

"GUYS! We've GOT to get to the studio!" Carlos shouted.

"We're up! Leave us alone for a few minutes!" Logan shouted back. Katie and Kendall stopped their perverted make-out session just in time.

"Control yourselves please!" Logan whisper-yelled.

"Sorry Logan," Katie said. She grabbed some stuff out of her bag, pulled on a pair of Kendall's sweats, and left to get ready.

"And you have to quit giving in all the time!" Logan told Kendall.

"Do you ever say no to Camille when SHE wants to make out?" Kendall asked.

"No, but-"

"Alright then," He said, smug. "get started on that thing, we need to get going." Kendall laughed at the pun he just made. He stripped the bed and threw the wet stuff in a pile behind his headboard. He then got dressed himself and went to check on Katie.

"Hey," She said, smiling. She was drinking her soy milk and eating some toast. They were the only ones downstairs. "Thanks for that."

"No problem," Kendall said, kissing her. "Just warn me before you deside to assault me with your very full bladder again, okay?"

"Deal," Katie giggled. Everyone eventually headed to the studio, and Katie set to work on finishing up some paperwork with Kelly. Since she had started working there, she had become more than a web person, she was also a "go to" person, for anything Gustavo or Kelly didn't have time (Or more often in Gustavo's case, didn't want) to do. Suddenly she was about to burst again, and bolted for the bathroom. She ran by the studio, and Kendall saw her, and butchered his harmony, which pissed Gustavo off big time.

"WHAT WAS THAT??????" He shouted.

"Sorry," Kendall said, blushing. "Can we try that again?" Gustavo started the track again, but this time Kelly was the one who interuppted them.

*022*2013-02-08 17:07

Alright, I have created a one shot to go in between parts to give this story more omo. Although I suck at details, so bare with me on my lack of detail. And now for the story! :D

Then the next day....

"Hey can you finish these up for me please?" Kelly said, handing Katie a stack of paperwork. "Here's everything you need to know to fill out the forms. Thanks!" Katie gasped as desperation hit her. But looking at the stack, it didn't seem that big. She could finish it and then go to the bathroom. She set to work on it, but these forms were a little more complex than she has anticipated.

"Hey baby," Kendall said, poking his head in. "You wanna go get some lunch?"

"Um, sure," Katie said, half focusing on everything, including her bladder control.

"You okay?" Kendall asked, walking over to her.

"No, I have to pee SO F---ING bad and these forms weren't supposed to take this long!"

"Well I'll help then," Kendall said, grabbing the extra pen on the desk.

"Here's what I have left, and here's what we need to know to fill them out," Katie said, one hand jammed into her crotch.

FIVE MINUTES LATER

"There, now we're done," Kendall said.

"THANK GOD," Katie shouted. But she no more than stood up and she lost it. Pee raced down her skinny jeans, forming a beautiful gigantic wet spot on her legs and creating a puddle under her feet.

"Mmmm," She moaned. Once she finally emptied herself, she looked down. "F--k."

"Hmm, so many things are running through my perverted little head," Kendall chuckled. "But number one, how do you feel?"

"aroused and embarrassed and hungry all at once," Katie answered, blushing.

"Well, I think I can make that feeling go away," Kendall said. He leaned in close to Katie's ear, and whispered, "I have had to pee for the longest time." Katie looked up at him in shock. Kendall closed his eyes, and started thinking of God knows what, and suddenly his jeans were becoming soaked too. Katie gasped. Once Kendall finished, he opened his mouth. But before Kendall could say anything, Kelly walked in.

"What are you two doing?" She asked wearily.

"We were just on our way out," Kendall said, holding Katie's hand. She held her head low as she walked by Kelly. once Katie and Kendall were inside the elevator, they burst into laughter.

"Do you realize what we just got away with?" Katie hiccuped. "I've only dreamed of doing that!"

"I love you my little perve," Kendall said, pulling her close. "Where are we going to eat?"

"Don't ask why, but I want Chick-Fil-A," Katie answered with a smirk.

"Whatever my lovely queen wants," Kendall said. Katie just smiled; this was the happiest she had been in a long time.

Too cheesy? Not enough detail? lemme know! You'll see in a minute where this one shot fits in but doesn't in a minute when I post two more chapters..

Okay this should make things a little less confusing! And just a reminder, last chapter ended with the recording session being goofed up.

Episode 29: WHAT????

Kelly was the one who interrupted the gang this time. She whispered something in Gustavo's ear, and he sent the dogs home. Kendall waited for Katie outside the bathroom.

"You okay?" He asked her.

"Yeah, I'm just PMS'ed or something," Katie sighed.

Things went like that at the studio for the next couple of weeks. One day Katie fell asleep in the breakroom when she was supposed to be getting Kelly some Splenda. Another day she actually peed her pants trying to finish paperwork. And then another day, she actually got sent home she couldn't stop puking. Then came Thursday....

THURSDAY NIGHT.

KATIE'S POV:

I knew I was dreaming, but yet I could swear it was real. Kendall was wetting all over my legs, kissing me... I left my subconscious...

END KATIE POV.

Slowly, Katie opened her eyes. Kendall WAS kissing her.

"Hey beautiful," he whispered.

"hey," Katie answered, still a bit foggy. "Why did you wake me up?"

"So we could fix this now and not have to have Logan make it any more awkward," Kendall whispered. "Look under the blanket." Katie did, and understood everything; she'd pissed the bed and it wasn't on purpose.

"Kendall I-"

"Shh," Kendall said, kissing her hair. "I'm not mad. Honest." He smiled, And Katie couldn't help but trust him. "I'll go make sure the coast is clear and grab some sheets." Kendall slid out of bed and walked out of the room. Katie grabbed her phone, and pulled up her symptom checker app. She plugged in fatigue, nausea, and frequent urination. The first result that came up was pregnancy. That made her think.... She was late. Kendall came back then.

"Coast is clear," He whispered. Katie grabbed her bag from under Kendall's bed and dug out some new pajamas, and went to change. But her hands were shaking.... She was possibly pregnant.

Episode 30: OMG.

When Katie came back in the room, Logan was up, using an inhaler, and the lamp was on. nobody dared to move, and the only sound was Logan wheezing into his inhaler. Finally Kendall broke the silence.

"We're all living together, so no secrets," he declared. He looked at Katie "I personally, Would love to have sex with you every minute of the day, and not only that, but pee all over you and lick you clean." Katie took a deep breath.

"I just want you to pee all over me, and f--- every now and again." She turned to Logan, who was finally able to stop wheezing, and closed her eyes. "The only reason I'm up right now is because I pissed the bed." She walked over and curled up against Kendall, closing her eyes and didn't want to open them until this was just a dream. She fell into a light sleep, but her dreams were heavily influenced by the sounds around her.

"...She may be," Logan was whispering. "You have to consider it."

"I know," Kendall answered. "I just... I can't get around the fact that I went against everything in my beliefs when we... did it."

"Did you at least use protection?" Logan asked. There wasn't an answer. "Damn, you really COULD have gotten her pregnant then."

"I just... Ever since we started hanging out, I've done nothing but cause her pain and suffering," Kendall sighed. "And I blame myself."

"It isn't your fault," Logan answered. "Sure, wetting all over her and having sex was your fault, but no one could have predicted Camille would come home when she did. And besides, this baby could fix everything." Again, no answer. Suddenly Kendall's chest was close to her.

"She was so embarrassed tonight," Kendall whispered, his cool breath on Katie's face. "As much as she likes peeing, she has to be in the mood. And she wasn't, and you being awake when she walked in just made her more embarrassed."

"How do you think I felt?" Logan asked. "I was wheezing like a fool, and I had a piece of plastic in my mouth trying to unblock my airways." Katie succumbed to a deeper sleep then.

###

When morning finally rolled around, Kendall was woken up by the nebulizer. He looked over at Logan.

"James says Gustavo told us not to come in today," he said. Kendall nodded and laid his head back down. About thirty minutes later, Katie woke up, and looked around. She noticed she was wearing something different from what she had put on last night. Then she remembered; She had pissed the bed, Logan caught her, and she was probably pregnant. She hopped out of bed and wobbled, falling backwards. Kendall woke up when she came crashing down on top of him.

"Morning beautiful," He grunted. "You okay?"

"Yeah, just dizzy," Katie breathed. She pushed herself up off the bed and went out to the other room to find Logan. He was sitting on the couch reading.

"Hey," He said. Katie slipped into the spot next to him.

"Listen we need to talk," They both said at the same time.

"I... It wasn't.... You won't tell anyone about last night, will you?" Katie asked. Logan looked at her.

"Of course not," He said. "Will you tell anyone about me last night?"

"Never," Katie said. She took a deep breath and leaned back against the couch. Kendall finally decided to join the world of the living around noon. He made some soup for Katie and himself and sat down to eat. Katie hovered.

"What's up?" He said, lifting his spoon to eat some soup.

"I'm... worried about something," Katie started.

"What's wrong?" He asked.

"....I'm late," Katie said.

*023*2013-03-05 18:51

Guess who's got a computer again? ;) I'd love you to death if you leave some feedback! Thanks!

Episode 31: Test tube.

"...My period is late," Katie said. Kendall dropped his spoon into his soup and it splattered onto his arm..

"OW!" He screamed. He looked at Katie, nothing but fear showing. "Are you serious?"

"You don't need to freak YET," Katie assured him. "My cycle has always been wonky. But... you've seen me. I'm been sick to my stomach a lot, and peeing even more than normal, and honestly I can't STAND the way James smells, and... I can't take most of my meds while I'm pregnant and think we need to take a test."

"I... we... oh my God."

"We won't know for sure until we take a test," Katie said. "Now come on. We're going to target."

"Mom! I'm going out! I'll be back before dinner! Katie's coming too!" Kendall shouted, and they ran out the front door.

TARGET.

"Are we really about to do this?" Kendall asked as he turned off the car.

"Would you rather not know and something go wrong and lose both me AND the baby?" Katie asked.

"No," Kendall said, relaxing some. "I'm just scared. I REALLY didn't think we went that far."

"Neither did I," Katie said. "But apparently we might have, and we need to know for sure, okay?" Kendall nodded. "Let's do this." They both stepped out of the car. Kendall locked it, and grabbed Katie's hand. As scared as he was, he knew that this went against everything that he and Katie believed, so they had to get to the bottom of it, good or bad. They made their way to the pharmacy, and Kendall stopped dead in his tracks in front of the feminine products isle.

"Are you seriously bailing on me?" Katie demanded.

"I just... Don't want to go down the isle with you," he said. "I'm sorry."

"Than go get a box of cheesy whales and a bottle of water and meet me at check out," Katie said, letting go of his hand. "I'll do this alone, just like every other pregnant teenager in America." and she stomped down the isle.

"Katie wait!" Kendall called. He jogged down to her. "I'm sorry."

"I forgive you," Katie said. "Now help me pick a test so we can get out of here." they considered a few, but settled on the one that told you yes or no in words. They still grabbed the bottle of water and box of cheesy whales, and then went to check out.

"I can't believe I'm going to say this, but... I kind of want a baby," Kendall said as they walked to the car. "Why did we get the cheesy whales?"

"Um... I was craving them," Katie said with her mouth full. Kendall started laughing.

"You are the cutest thing in the world, did you know that?" Kendall said, kissing the top of her head.

"You might have mentioned it," Katie said, smiling.

WHEN THEY GET BACK TO THE APARTMENT........

"Alright... What do we do now?" Kendall said.

"My mom always said that you should take a pregnancy test first thing in the morning," Katie said. "So maybe we should wait until tomorrow."

"But we have to be at the studio in the morning and you have to come with us," Kendall said.

Katie took a deep breath. "Then I'll take it now," she said.

"I'll come too," Kendall said.

"No!" Katie said. "That's what got into this position. Just... wait here, okay?"

"Alright," Kendall whined.

"I'll be back before you know it," Katie said, kissing his cheek. Logan came down the swirly slide right as the bathroom door closed.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Nothing," Kendall said too quickly.

"Liar," Logan said. "Come on. tell me."

"Um... I'm waiting on Katie."

"What is she doing?"

"....Taking a pregnancy test."

"ARE YOU-" Kendall shoved his hand over his mouth.

"Do NOT shout," Kendall ordered. "I... am just as shocked. I... didn't think... wait, why am I explaining having sex to you?!"

"Because I am the only one who can bail you out if she IS," Logan said, smirking.

"Okay now... We can watch that movie," Katie said at the sight of Logan.

"What's the movie? Juno?" Logan asked.

"Jerk!" Katie said.

"Guys, CHILL!" Kendall said. "There is still a chance that..."

"I'm pregnant," Katie said, looking at the test.

Episode 32: Surprise.

"I'm pregnant," Katie said, looking at the test. Kendall rushed to her side.

"That- I- We- Pregnant?" Kendall sputtered.

"Oh my gosh," Logan said. No one said anything for a few minutes. Kendall finally broke the silence.

"We need a plan," he said. "We need to figure out what to do now."

"I'll call plan parenthood," Logan said, picking up his phone.

"NO!!" Katie and Kendall shouted.

"There is no way in HELL I am aborting this baby," Katie said. "It is wrong and unethical."

"And I agree," Kendall said. "So... Adoption?"

"No," Katie said. "I'm... not strong enough."

"I guess... we're going to be parents then," Kendall said. He smiled, and wrapped his hands into Katie's. They just stared at each other smiling. And it creeped Logan out.

"Okay but what about your mom?!" He finally shouted. "Or Katy? Or your career? Or the fact that you have no money, no place to live, and the fact that with her pregnant, we have a potential crisis with the band?!"

"We'll deal with it," Kendall said, still not looking away from Katie. "I have a few things in mind."

"Mrs. Knight!" Logan shouted upstairs. "Kendall has completely lost his mind!!!"

"I'll be there in a minute!" She called down to him.

"What are we gonna tell your mom?!" Katie panicked.

"We're going to tell her that we're going out tonight," Kendall said.

"Why are we going out?" Mrs. Knight asked.

"Because we have some awesome news that we want to share with everyone all at once," Kendall said.

"And where are we going?" Logan wondered.

"That's for us to know and you to find out," Kendall said.

"Alright then, I'll... tell Katy and Carlos," Mrs. Knight said, and she walked upstairs. Logan looked at the happy couple.

"Nice save," Logan said.

"No thanks to you!" Katie shouted. "And where are we going and WHY are we telling anyone?!"

"I say Olive Garden," Kendall said.

"And then there is just one little thing you forgot... TELLING YOUR MOM!"

"And we can handle that!" Kendall said. "All that matters is that I love you, this baby, and I'm not afraid of what anyone says, because the only people that matter are you and me. Now let's go find you something pretty to wear."

DINNER THAT NIGHT.

"So why are we here Kendall?" Logan inquired suspiciously.

"Well, Katie and I have some very special news to share with all of you," Kendall said happily.

"Well someone's in loove," Carlos teased.

"Oh you could say that," Katie said, not really caring about anyone else but her new family.

"Dude what IS the big suprise?" James asked.

"Well," Kendall smiled. "We didn't really plan it, but... We're having a baby." At that exact moment, Katy did a spit take, which shot into Carlos face who ended up slapping Logan who fell into James.

"WHAT?!" Everyone shouted.

"We're having a baby," Kendall said. "And we plan on keeping it."

*024*2013-03-12 00:48

Episode 33: Against the odds.

"We're having a baby and we plan to keep it," Kendall said. He glanced over at Katie, who had slipped her hand into his. She was pale.

"Kendall, do you REALIZE how much work it is to raise a kid?" Mrs. Knight asked. The waitress came by then with everyone's drinks. The argument ceased until she left.

"Dude... You f---ed up big time," Carlos said. Katie suddenly flew away from the table.

"Thanks," Kendall said, and he followed her. She ran out the front door, sank down into a bench, and burst into tears. What was going on?! Suddenly someone wrapped their arms around her. She knew it was Kendall, and she curled up against him.

"I told you this was a bad idea!" She whimpered. Kendall just stroked her hair. He had no clue what the next move was himself.

"I'll find a way," Kendall said.

"How?! Camille hates me, all your friends now hate me, and I doubt Gustavo is going to buy into this! Kendall we've totally screwed up!" Kendall didn't know how to respond. Katie started scratching her wrist.

"Stop," Kendall said. Katie didn't listen, so he grabbed her hands. "I'm not letting go until I know you won't hurt yourself," He said. Katie looked into his eyes. They were smoldering, and burned with fear. Whether for her, the baby, or something else, Katie didn't know. She finally calmed down enough that Kendall let go of her hands. The sun was setting now, and they were pretty hungry. Kendall walked back to the table everyone was sitting at, but they were already eating and talking in low, serious voices.

"Screw this," Kendall whispered to himself. He walked back out the front where Katie was waiting, and told the server lady they needed a table for two. She grabbed a couple of Menus, a Kid's menu (upon Kendall's request :P) And led them to their own table.

"What's all this about?" Katie asked after the waitress had left.

"You need to eat, and as it stands I don't think sitting with my family is the best idea," Kendall answered. "Besides... We need this."

"You don't have to do this," Katie whispered. She was sitting next to Kendall, and she slid her hands into his. "I... I don't see how we're going to do this now."

Episode 34: All alone again.

The next day, things went from bad to worse. Not only were Katie and Kendall alienated from the rest of the group, Kelly figured out what had happened.

"WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU TWO THINKING?!" She screamed at them.

"Honestly I was just thinking about how perfect it all was," Katie said. "Then afterwards I was hoping that I didn't get a hickey."

"...I was kind of thinking the same thing," Kendall said, blushing. "that and... how..."

"didn't you two even think about using protection?!" Kelly snapped.

"Kelly, contraception is a sin," Katie said, finally looking up. "true, pre-marital sex is a sin too, but... I think the former is worse than the latter."

"What am I supposed to tell Gustavo?" Kelly sighed.

"Don't," Kendall said. "he doesn't have to know. And as... Katie gets bigger, she can work from home."

"where was this genius last night against your mom?" Katie demanded.

"....It vanished when my mom walked in," Kendall said, ashamed of himself.

"Alright you two are completely hopeless," Kelly said, mostly to herself.

"Oh like you've never been here," Katie said, staring into Kendall's eyes. Kelly just stomped out of the room.

"I think we made her mad," Kendall said, wrapping his arms around Katie.

"I really don't care," Katie said, returning the favor around his neck.

"AND NO MAKING OUT ON ROCQUE RECORDS PROPERTY!" Kelly screamed from down the hall.

*.*

"We need to talk," Mrs. Knight said when Katie and Kendall came back.

"Mom, if you're just going to yell at us-"

"I'm not," she said. "Sit." Katie never let go of Kendall's hand. "I thought I instilled a sense of values in you Kendall."

"You did," He said. "We just... Well, we didn't use protection. Which was, when we discussed it, something we were both opposed to, since that was something YOU told us was a no-no."

"But... If you two WERE going to have sex, I would have rather you used SOMETHING instead of nothing," Mrs. Knight said. "But, what's done is done. I'll do what I can to help, but don't think I'm real cozy with the idea of being a grandma."

"So, does this mean you're done criticizing us?" Katie asked.

"...I'm okay with your ethics on the situation, but that's it," she said. and she walked off. The rest of the day went rather well, except for when James was near Katie, which made her puke.

"So... Today went well," Kendall said that night. He and Katie were snuggled in next to each other.

"Now comes the hard part," Katie said. "I have to get off my medication, and we have to find a doctor for me."

"We can worry about that in the morning," Kendall said, kissing her forehead. "sleep baby momma." Katie curled up like a kitten next to Kendall and slept peacefully.
