Scooby-Doo: Desperate Inc

Author: maddjunkie

*000*2011-07-10 18:11

Since I so far have two Scooby-Doo desperation/wetting stories and am working on a third, I thought I'd post them all here in a single thread as a kind of multi-chapter fic thing. But the stories are completely unrelated to each other. Also, despite the fact that these are all based on the original Scooby-Doo series, the thread name is based on the new one simply because I'm terrible at titles

Chapter One: Velma's Accident

Oh of all the times to find a mystery, it had to be now? Velma had already had to pee when they left the other town, two hours ago, and was hoping the gang would stop soon for food. That way she could sneak off and a have a pee while everyone stocked up on food. Unfortunately, when they did stop, the fast food joint didn’t have working restrooms (of course). Worse still, Freddy got a tip about a haunted mansion up the street. Obviously, they couldn’t pass up an opportunity like that! And so, after some burgers and coke (and Velma rather reluctantly eating and drinking), the Mystery, Inc. van took off down the road.

Which was more like dirt in the shape of a road. The bumps literally killed Velma’s bladder, and she had to keep her legs squeezed together tightly. Not that it was hard to pass off, as the front seat wasn’t really as roomy as it seemed. But she knew soon enough she would have to either find a toilet or press her hand to her pussy to hold back the flood. She looked down as Freddy parked, noticing her tummy poke out from her orange sweater. God, she was really full, wasn’t she?

“Alright gang, let’s go.” Everyone jumped out of the van, with the exception of Velma, who took a few moments to steady herself. Her bladder throbbed painfully as she eased out of the van, and walking those several feet to the front door nearly cost her. With her thighs pressed together tightly, Velma brushed her short hair out of her eyes. Any second now, they would split up, and then she could sneak off to pee. It took everything in her to not hop around and grab her crotch.

Her pussy tingled and burned with a great desire to pee, and her bladder constantly strained against her skirt’s waistband. Oh god, did she need to pee…

“Ok, I think we should split up. Me and Daphne will take the basement and the first floor. Shaggy, Scooby, Velma, you guys take the second and third floors. We’ll meet up and search the attic together.” Fred grinned at his companions, grabbing Daphne by the arm and taking her to find presumably a set of stairs to the basement. Shaggy smiled at Velma,

“Looks like it’s just us again. Like, that’s a lot of stairs man.” Shaggy pointed to the staircase a little to the right of them and Velma paled. There was no way she could make it up those stairs with her bladder like this. But there was also no way she was going to tell Shaggy or Scooby she had to pee like a racehorse. She would grin and bear it…

Taking just the first three steps put agonizing strain on her bladder. The steps jiggled her, even worse than the bumps in the road. Every time she lifted her leg, it felt like all her pee would swarm to her urethra. Every step made it seem like she would gush pee. But somehow, she made it to the second floor through sheer willpower. At this point though, she was sweating so much from the strain of holding on, she couldn’t tell if she had leaked.

“You guys check out the third floor, I’ll do this one. That way we’ll be done faster, and we won’t have to-“ Velma stifled a groaned, a spasm hitting her body suddenly. She squeezed her thighs together almost impossibly hard. Even if Shaggy was stoned out of his mind, she wasn't going to humiliate herself by grabbing her crotch and dancing around in front of him.

“That way we can leave sooner and not have to catch a ghost. Now go!” Velma would have shoved Shaggy and Scooby up the stairs if she didn’t need all her strength to keep her panties dry. The duo nodded, heading up the stairs and casting worried glances down at the chubby girl. Velma sighed, finally giving in and holding her crotch. Now that she had help, she could concentrate at least a little better. Although hand or not, she wouldn’t last long if she didn’t find a blasted toilet!

Hobbling to the closest room, she nearly broke the door off its hinges in her desire to get in. It wasn’t a bathroom, it was a bedroom. Velma groaned, taking a few mincing steps inside to make sure there wasn’t a bathroom anywhere inside the room. She leaned against a nearby wall, wrapping her thick legs around and twisting her lower body. If she didn’t find somewhere soon, she’d wet herself. And lord knows Daphne would never let her live that down…

She sighed, taking a moment to try and compose herself by squeezing her legs together, and left the room. There were many others on this floor and she was bound to find a toilet soon. Right?

That hope was dwindling fast as she opened the fourth door, her face layered in sweat, and her stomach protruding from out her shirt. She was in so much pain she was close to tears. What kind of horrible house was this? She’d found a bedroom, another bedroom, a study, and apparently this room was some sort of library of smut. But still no bathroom. Velma groaned for the millionth time that day, the disappointment of not finding a toilet grating on her nerves. As she turned to leave, however, she felt the first few drops of urine escape her. Her underwear was thin, not exactly made for absorbing pee, and so the liquid splashed onto the floor with relative ease.

Oh god, she had started to wet herself. The drops continued for a second or so before Velma grasped her crotch to hurriedly plug the flood. There was nothing she could do now. If she moved her hand to walk somewhere, she was definitely wet herself. But she couldn’t just stand here forever, could she? Velma sighed, hopping in place and trying desperately to keep from peeing. There was no other choice, she would just have to yank down her panties and pee right here on the floor.

But what if someone came in and saw her? What if the idiot pretending to be a ghost haunting this place picked that specific moment to start kidnapping them? She hadn’t asked to pull to the side of the road because she was so damn pee-shy. If someone walked in, hell if someone even walked pass the door she wouldn’t be able to pee.

Several more squirts of urine escaped, soaking through her panties and wetting her hand. She honestly didn’t have a choice now. Removing her hand, she fluidly managed to pull down her underwear, the light pink material damp in the crotch area, the fabric quickly staining.

Almost instantly, her pee gushed forth, coming out in an incredible force. It splashed on the wood flooring, coming back up to hit her thighs and buttocks. Her face was flushed red in embarrassment and her legs shook from how much strain she had put on them. Oh but it was all so worth it, the relief she was feeling.

After almost an entire minute, the gush managed to wind down to a trickle. Velma sighed, looking down at her feet at the puddle that spread around her. For the most part her socks were dry, although there was a small patch of wetness in the front and back of her skirt from where she was holding it close to her crotch and started leaking. All in all though, she felt like she had gotten off pretty well. Stepping away from the puddle, the chubby girl removed her shoes and soggy panties, tossing the socks near the wall. There was no need to keep those anymore.

"Like, zoinks! Gang way!" Velma could hear Shaggy and Scooby and another set of footsteps coming from the staircase. Looks like Shaggy found the ghost. Now she just hoped they wouldn't set the trap in this room.

*003*2011-07-11 04:17

{{:

Interesting. I am wondering if Velma gets away with hiding it for now, and what if the gang or Daphne finds her pantiless? Will someone know?

When I was a teenager and watch Scooby Doo, I actually imagined Velma wetting too because Daphne was too... grown up like to do that, and somehow, I always thought velma would be cuter in that situation.

Please post as to whether she got away with it.

Next time, if you take requests, can you actually work out a mystery and have this side story working in the background until it's time to focus on it, and then make it background noise again, with just the hint of her embarrassment as they continue rounding up the "ghost?"

Very good work on just the desperation point though.

}}

I don't know how long it'll take me, but I am working on short sequel focusing on whether or not she gets caught. But your other idea is really interesting to me. I'm not sure how well I'd be able to pull it off, but I definitely want to try it so thanks a lot for the idea.

*005*2011-07-14 02:55

### Chapter Two: Desperate Prone Daphne's Done It Again--

The story is supposed to take place during the Scooby-Doo, Where Are You episode where they go to China/Chinatown and get that ancient Chinese mask.

Danger prone Daphne had done it again; she had been captured. What started as a trip to China had turned into a nightmare as soon as she listened to that sleazy art dealer and bought that mask. She groaned, the gag around her mouth successfully muffling any sounds she may have tried to make. She’d been here for a little over an hour and had already tried to break free, almost managing to slip her arms from the rope bindings. Unfortunately, as soon as she got close to freeing herself, one of the zombie goons had come inside the room and tied her even tighter.

Which, right about now, was starting to cause problems. Daphne shifted in the hard chair, screaming around her gag in an attempt to get the attention of her captors. One peeked his head inside, and Daphne shook her body around wildly, almost tipping the chair over. The guard took quick strides, stopping before her and pulling down the gag,

“I have to use the restroom!” Her voice echoed in the room and she winced when she heard just how frightened she sounded. Still there were more pressing matters to think about. There was a long moment where the man towered above her, staring. Finally, he reached down and replaced the gag, leaving the room without a word. Daphne screamed as loud as she could, banging her feet against the ground and causing a fuss. He couldn’t possibly leave her like this, could he?

Evidently, he could, and the door was shut with a deafening bang. Daphne stopped her movement, except for the constant tapping of her purple heels against the concrete. Her bladder strained annoyingly against the rope wrapped around her, and she could feel the heaviness in her abdomen. Daphne wasn’t one to hold her pee for long period of time anyway, never too embarrassed to ask for a pit stop. And at this point, she had used the restroom along the side of the road more times than she could count. As such, her bladder wasn’t used to being stretched and she reached her limit within the hour.

She rocked as best she could, trying to ground herself into the chair. Realistically she knew she couldn’t be holding much, she had just gone a few minutes before being taken hostage. However, she felt like gallons of liquid had made their way to her bladder, and she was struggling to keep her muscles clenched. Her thighs opened and closed repeatedly, which seemed to help but not much. She wouldn’t be able to last much longer, not if those creeps would keep ignoring her.

Less than 30 minutes later, she began screaming again. By now, her legs were wrapped in tight knots around each other, and the redhead struggled to keep herself dry. She had broken out into a sweat and she was almost certain that the crotch of her underwear was at least a bit damp. Her hips rocked back and forth in the seat and while she knew she couldn’t, she tried constantly to bring her hands to her front so she could grab herself. Her voice was starting to get hoarse and still no one would come to the door. She groaned, practically sobbing at this point. She let her head drop onto her chest, her long hair falling in her face.

She still kept her legs crossed tight but it was hardly helping. She could just about feel all the pee pent up inside her try to force its way out. Her belly had distended greatly, pushing her purple dress outwards. Her stockings cut horribly into her stomach thought, pressing down on her bladder and preventing it from expanding much farther. Her feet still clacked against the floor, although now her thighs and buttocks were shaking from the effort of holding back the flood. Tears rolled silently down her flushed cheeks from the pain, and she had begun chewing on her bottom lip.

Inevitably, there came a point where, feeling fatigued from the entire day’s events, her concentration slacked. Several short spurts of pee found their way into her panties, and she gasped in horror. With renewed vigor she attempted to get the guards attention again. However as she began screaming, she could feel a few more drops leak out. The drops turned into a short, four or five second gush of pee. Daphne moaned, that had felt unbelievably good, so much so that she had trouble stopping herself. The gush tapered off, but a steady stream still continued, making trails down her thighs. Her moaning and groaning filled the room and she only managed to hold on for another few minutes before she gave in. She uncrossed her legs, and before she could even spread them, pee burst forth from her hole.

It fell out in such a huge quantity that she couldn’t even begin to suppress her moans of relief. Her stockings darkened several shades where the pee soaked through, and her bottom felt warm and wet (but not too unpleasant). She could see a patch in the front of her dress and she knew that the back was soaked completely. She had only been going for a few seconds when the pee cascaded from the chair to the floor, the sound loud and echoing in the room. It almost reminded her of the rain and she smiled, both from the thought and the immense pleasure she felt. She emptied out relatively fast, her thighs still shaking even after she had finished. She looked down at the floor, her puddle surprisingly large, and spreading out quickly.

She let out a sigh, at least now she could wait out her captivity in relative comfort. Of course, as luck would have it, she could hear Freddy and Velma chatting from outside the door. Daphne could feel her face burn bright red, how would she explain this to the gang?

