Seline of Astora: A Dark Souls Story

Author: OmoCommando

*000*2017-11-30 23:04

This story was from an RP that my partner abandoned me on, but rather than let the idea die out, I turned it into a fiction and thought I'd share it here. This story follows the player character, Seline, who decided to break her covenant with the Darkwraiths in order to find her own path.

===

Seline breathed heavily as she clutched the wound in her chest. That damn Lairan and his damn daggers! Those jagged blades did nothing but cause the deepest of wounds to slowly let their prey bleed out. The New Londo elevator couldn’t move fast enough. If she could just… get to that bonfire. Everything would be fine. The sound of the grating chains as the contraption rose out of the depth of the earth… and as light once again began to pervade the air. It certainly was a sight far prettier than the bowels of the Abyss.

At last the lift came to a halt, and Seline stumbled off. The first thing she did, of course, was to take her old armor, her old sword, and cast it off the edge of the cliffside. No more would she serve Kaathe and his Darkwraiths. No more would she prey upon the pour souls who sought only to survive in this world, just to have their humanity fed to some damn serpent.

And last… the orb. That evil red eye orb that she used for so long to leech humanity off of unsuspecting Undead… now that the covenant was broken, the orb was useless anyway. Seline reached back and threw the orb as far as she could. She was eager to hear if the thing would shatter or not, but it seemed the ground was too far down for such a noise to be heard. And so she walked on, back up to the bonfire.

The mute firekeeper, as usual, paid her no heed at all. Just a meager look before staring back at the ground. Seline pitied the poor woman, but she made her choice. And it was not Seline’s place to change that situation.

“Ahhh… you’ve returned.” said a man. That crestfallen warrior from before. A pitiable man who gave up on being the Chosen Undead and saw fit to spend his days here at the Firelink Shrine. “Been plucking the humanity out of more unfortunate victims?”

“I was.” said Seline, “but no longer.”

For once, the man seemed almost interested. “Why’s that?”

“It’s funny…” Seline chuckled. “how the more humanity you steal, the more like a corpse you begin to feel. It’s as if I’ve lost a part of myself after all this time. And now… I no longer recognize myself. I looked at my reflection in the water and I didn’t see the person I used to know.”

The warrior broke into hard laughter. “Is that all? Even now at the apex of your Undead career, you’ve suddenly decided to grow a conscience?”

“Your approval was not solicited.” Seline said dryly.

“But is it not the height of irony?” he laughed, “This fearsome wraith of New Londo has decided that the usurpation of the humanity of others will eventually lead to her own demise? Laughter is the only response I can muster!”

Seline huffed. The man truly had no care in the world. To laugh at someone who suffered for so long… it was a wonder the man had not yet gone hollow. She sat down by the bonfire for a while, which allowed her wounds to finally close up.

“So what will you do now?” the man asked, finally calming down from his laughter.

Seline clutched her winged spear. It’s edge was still sharp, thanks to Rickert of Vinheim. As odd a fellow as that sorcerer was, he had his uses. “Perhaps I should finish what so many others began.” she said. “Ringing the Bells of Awakening and acquiring the Lordvessel.”

“Now? After slaying so many Undead?” asked the warrior.

“I still think Kaathe was right.” said Seline, “Linking the fire isn’t the answer.”

“Really?”

Seline nodded. “Our ancestor discovered the power of the Dark Soul, yet Gwyn refused to allow us flourish. It’s time we took our position as the rulers of this world.”

“You… refuse Kaathe and his Darkwraiths yet… you agree with his philosophy?”

“I don’t agree with preying upon other Undead.” said Seline, “But the Age of Fire is over. It is time for the Age of Dark.”

“I see…” said the man, almost respectfully. “I suppose your first task if the Parish bell then?”

Seline nodded.

“If you oppose the linking of the fire,” said the warrior, “you’re going to make yourself some enemies.”

“I broke my covenant with the Darkwraiths.” said Seline, “Making enemies is not on my list of concerns.”

His laughter is reminiscent of a slow decay into madness. Starting off barely noticeable until it escalates into something that cannot possibly be stifled. “Oh, I wonder how far you’ll go.” he says, his hysteria finally subsiding, “Will you truly find the resting place of Lord Gwyn and stamp the fires out for good? Or will you give up your quest once you realize the futility of your struggle?”

Seline glared at him. His reply wasn’t a surprise, but the man was a continual reminder of what kind of fool one could become should they give into despair. And beyond that… a mad hollow. “I suppose only time will tell.” She picked up her spear and headed up the stairs in the back of the shrine. There was a small elevator there which lead to the main chapel of the Undead Parish. Seline had managed to unlock this place earlier while chasing down another Undead. It was rare that she got to steal humanity from someone without using the Red Eye Orb, so the opportunity to hunt someone in her own world was quite welcome. She failed, but the result was the Parish being accessible from the Firelink Shrine.

She stepped on the pressure plate, and the lift ascended. Upon reaching the top, she was greeted by a knight making soup. Oddly enough, it was the same knight she was chasing in attempt to steal his humanity. Some strange fellow with a large sun painted on his armor and shield.

“Ah, hello again!” he greeted casually.

Seline readied her spear. She had no idea what the man’s intentions were.

“Oh please!” he held out his hands as if to surrender. “I have no intention of fighting! I can tell you’ve left the Darkwraiths!”

Seline relaxed her stance, but did not lower her weapon. “What do you want?”

“Ah, well, even while we fought, my intuition told me you were good and reliable person! And so I have waited here to request your cooperation!”

“I try to steal your humanity and you want to cooperate with me?”

The knight laughs. “Yes, I am all too familiar with that look. No need to hide it, I get it all the time!”

“Why am I not surprised?”

“The way I see it, having abandoned the Darkwraiths, you are more alone now then ever. Why not work together? I have as much need to ring the Bells of Awakening as you do.”

Seline paused. She wasn’t sure if this knight was trying to deceive her or if he was completely mad.

“Come! Join me! I can hardly finish this estus soup on my own! Then together, we shall face the guardian of the tower!”

Seline shrugged and put away her spear. “You’re a strange fellow, sir knight.”

“Please! Call me Solaire! Solaire of Astora!”

“I am Seline of Astora.”

“A pleasure! Here’s to a prosperous friendship!”

The two drink the soup together, sharing tales of how they came to be Undead and what brought them to the land of Lordran as well as sharing stories about home. While Seline considered her own story to be fairly grim, the only thing she could gather from Solaire was that he wanted the sun? Or wanted to be the sun? It wasn’t really clear.

“If only I could be so grossly incandescent…” he sighed.

“Whatever you say, Solaire.” Seline laughed. She picked up her weapon and headed over to the stairs which lead to the bell lower. “Shall we continue?”

“Of course!” he said. “Search for shining signature and I shall be on my way to assist you!”

Seline knew how it worked. Solaire wasn’t actually in the same timeline as Seline. It just temporarily intersected here. To get Solaire’s help in battle, she would have to summon his phantom, allowing another intersection of the timeline for the two of them to assist each other.

But first… there were a few hollows to fight through. Most of it was something that Seline had no trouble with. Her time in the Darkwraiths allowed her to become something of an expert with the spear. As the first hollow knight thrust its blade at her, she parried it with her own weapon then thrust the point of her spear into the exposed face of the enemy’s helmet. There were other enemies but to call it a fight or a skirmish would be to give it way more credit than the encounter deserved.

The spear was a reach weapon, while most enemies were armed with broken swords and clubs. If a direct thrust did not hasten them to their end, it was a wide sweep. If you weren’t cut by the tip, you were knocked aside by the solid pole. As such, the spear was always Seline’s weapon of choice. And for the few times that there were too many enemies, such as the room which contained more than a half-dozen hollows, she could still fall back on her Dark Hand, which created an energy field that could repel weapons.

“It’s almost too easy.” Seline mumbled to herself. “I remember when these things would make me sweat.”

The only issue now was that the estus soup which she had drank was beginning to make its way through her body. That was the problem with estus. It may be an Undead favorite, but it went through you like an earth-eating worm.

“Guess I better take care of it before getting into another fight.” Seline mumbled. She unbuckled the belt of her pants and dropped them to the floor. She carefully squatted down and…

Something was wrong. The air changed. If there’s one thing Seline was accustomed to, it was sensing the hostility in others- the intent to kill. But for some reason, the air seemed to be thick with that sense of hostility. She knew what that meant. Someone was invading her world as a dark spirit. Seline quickly pulled her pants back up and readied her spear, backing over towards the ladder which lead to the bell tower.

One could never be sure what kind of spirit would invade. Sometimes it was only a rookie who simply stumbled upon a cracked red eye orb, but it was quite possible that it was a Darkwraith. Now that the covenant was broken, it was more than likely someone would come after her.

“Not here… not now…” she whispered. There was no time to waste. From a higher vantage point, Seline would have the advantage against an invader, especially with a weapon like the winged spear. So she ascended the ladder, then another one behind it, rising two levels into the parish. And once at that top floor… she saw it. The brilliant summoning sign that could only belong to that sun-crazed knight, Solaire. Seline quickly touched the sign, and a golden phantom made in Solaire’s image appeared.

“Hello again!” he said. “Shall we?”

Seline looked down the ladder. Nothing was following. A few seconds passed, and the hostile sense she had began to vanish. The invader must have given up.

“Yes… let’s begin.” Before the two of them was one the infamous fog walls. A strange phenomenon which seemed to seal powerful creatures. Once you passed through it, there was no turning back until the guardian of the area was defeated. Taking a deep breath, Seline walked through, followed by Solaire.

They were brought out to the roof top of the church. On the other side of the roof stood the massive bell tower, guarded by four gargoyle statues.

Damn, I forgot to pee! Seline thought to herself. She could go right here. Odds were the knight wouldn’t care too much, but she simply couldn’t bring herself to do such a thing in front of him. So she ignored the needs of her bladder for now and pressed onward.

But… it seemed the tower guardians had other plans. Only a trained eye would catch the movement, but it was there. The mouth of one of the gargoyles began to move. And then… its wings. The halberd in its hands. The whole statue came to life, swooping down and blocking Seline’s path.

There was no time to think. Just to act. Seline thrust her weapon at the creature, striking its hard scales, but it seemed to think nothing of the attack. It merely swung its own weapon in response. But Seline was quick. The advantage of not being bogged down by heavy weapons or armor was that one could be agile. She rolled to the side, ducking under the wide arc of the gargoyle’s halberd, remaining unharmed.

Solaire took advantage of the opening. While the creature struggled to bring its weapon back in for another strike, he moved in and thrust his sword into the gargoyle’s side. Then another strike. And then another. The gargoyle responded by swinging its tail around, which had a small axe-like head upon it. But Solaire was quick in his own way. He brought his shield up and absorbed the impact.

“That man must have an amazing constitution if he can withstand a hit like that.” Seline remarked.

While the creature engaged Solaire, Seline came up and pierced its hide with her spear again, testing for vulnerabilities. Its scales were tough, but there was soft flesh in some places. Those were the targets. There. At the base of the neck. Seline changed the trajectory of her spear, raising her left arm to cause the thrust to head upwards… and struck her target. Looks like gargoyles bleed red.

But she was surprised by another crash behind her. It seemed there was another gargoyle that wished to join the fray. It released a large wave of flames from its mouth which Seline had to dive to avoid, landing badly on her back. In the confusion, she dropped her spear. She would have retrieved it, but the second gargoyle was quickly advancing.

“Damn! Damn!” Seline cursed as she started to crawl backward. In the chaos, she didn’t even realize that she was no longer holding in the contents of her bladder. She first though she might have gotten hit by the gargoyle’s halberd and was bleeding on her inner thigh, which would explain the warm, wet feeling that was spreading in her pants, but it quickly occurred to her that there was another equally plausible explanation.

The gargoyle was upon her. It raised its weapon, poised to strike and crush the girl in one blow. Seline didn’t even care anymore. She simply allowed her bladder to continue emptying itself as she readied her dark hand. She wasn’t sure if it was strong enough to withstand an attack like this, but it wasn’t as if she had any other choice. She braced herself…

“Ha!”

There was a brilliant flash of light and the crack of thunder. It seemed a bolt of lightning struck the gargoyle, knocking it off balance and causing its weapon to harmlessly strike the roof next to Seline. No time to think. Just act. By pure instinct, she knew what to do. Seline rolled past the staggered beast and picked up her spear and began to lunge away at the gargoyle. Between her and Solaire, it could not stand up to the onslaught.

The creature cried out in anguish, then slowly crumbled into spectral dust. Seline could feel its soul as she absorbed it into her darksign. The gargoyles were powerful indeed. Looking around, she saw that the first gargoyle was nowhere to be found. So that would explain it, she absorbed the souls of two creatures. Solaire’s phantom waved as it slowly faded away. In its place, a small, luminescent medal. She wasn’t sure if Solaire was aware that she had just peed her pants in the middle of combat, but it hardly seemed relevant now. The only thing left to do was to ring that bell… then onto the second.

