Sonata Dusk (MLP Equestria Girls)

Author: Captain L

*000*2014-12-24 21:14

Christmas gift for you guys, the latest chapter of my To Boldly Pee fanfiction that I finished a few days ago. Read the rest of the story here

.

###

The day had come for the wheels of the siren's big plan to begin rolling, as they walked through the hallways of Canterlot High. Thousands of years ago, Princesses Celestia and Luna had banished the trio of temptresses to another dimension for their brainwashing schemes, using their hypnotizing music to control the native ponies. The land they had been sent to had changed their forms, from their original dragon-esque bodies to ones identical to the inhabitants of this world, the humans.

“Alright, all you need to do is sing and get all the humans here under our control. Do you think you two can do that without screwing it up,” asked Adagio. Adagio Dazzle was the oldest, and self-appointed leader of the sirens, and she was demanding. She didn't take mistakes from her subordinates well and she made no secret that they were a burden to her, but she was still with them even after the millenia. Whether she thought she could still use them or she didn't want to be alone, she wouldn't tell.

“Why are you blaming me? Sonata is the one who usually messes up the plans.” Aria Blaze was the middle siren, and she was by far the grumpiest. She also hated her “partners”, but never left either. It was just as confusing. She was the most invisible of the three, as she usually stayed quiet and didn't have an endearing character quirk.

And that just left the youngest, Sonata Dusk. She was the perky, energetic one that tried to be friendly. She was also very naive, and her loud demeanor had caused them problems in the past. But she was the only one that actively tried to stay close to Adagio and Aria, believing that they were all friends. Right now, her light blue hair with darker highlights was tied back in an (ironic) ponytail, wearing a dark maroon jacket and a pretty short pink skirt, topped off with very tall pink boots. It was a very eye-catching outfit.

As ditzy as she was, she wasn't going to take such a blatant insult from Aria. “Oh yeah, name one time I ruined one of your plans! I'm just as dedicated to the cause as you girls!”

Adagio covered her face with her hand. “Is that true, Sonata? Then how would you like to explain that little incident at the pizza place 27 years ago? Your so-called 'Bite of 87'?”

“He had pepperoni on his face, and I was trying to get it. It was just a little blood, it's not like I removed his frontal lobe or anything. I explained this to you before, I'm pretty sure.”

Aria rolled her eyes. “Biting someone's frontal lobe out isn't as exciting as it sound, did it a long time ago, they just scream and go limp.”

“Now isn't the time to reminisce about violence, Aria, anyone could be watching. Talking about killing seems to be an easy way to get yourself thrown in prison, and that means an investigation. You want some police looking into who we are?”

“You want to shut up, Adagio? We're here, it's time for our show to start.” Aria was correct, they were standing at the doors to the school's gym, which were wide open. Inside was a collection of the students, some of them gathered in groups of band size, and the rest scattered to watch the preliminary round of the battle of the bands that was about to take place.

As soon as they walked through the entrance, they were met by Vice Principal Luna, who was holding a clipboard. “Dazzlings, you're towards the end of the bracket, so you'll be waiting for a while.”

As soon as Luna had finished directing the Dazzlings, one of the groups had taken the stage, and Luna was called back to the judging table with her sister. That left the three of them alone, and no one was coming to interact with them. They were certainly the talk of the school, with their sudden appearance and influence over everything that had been happening with their hypnotizing voices. But even with that, no one wanted to come close to them, either through intention to preserve their mystery or that they let off an air of unpleasantness that caused people to avoid them directly.

First on the stage was Snips and Snails as rappers. As soon as they started with the personal beatboxing, things went downhill quickly. While they were better than all the rap music you'd hear on the radio, it was still on the level of “tortuous”. Doing their best to ignore the performance, Adagio and Aria began snickering to each other and riffing over the music, Sonata wandered off to the nearby snack table.

The selection of food was very basic, bowls of chips and pretzels and...“FRUIT PUNCH!” Sonata was very excited about the discovery of the sugary drink present, she hastily grabbed one of the small plastic cups stacked next to the punch bowl and gripped the ladle, slipping from her hand once before it was well within her grasp, and its liquid contents were perfectly poured into the cup. She began moving it towards her mouth, until she saw that her partners were across the room, and decided to keep them company.

Unable to drink and walk at the same time, Sonata had no choice but to postpone the fruit punch for a little while. She slowly made her way across the gym, moving carefully as to not spill her very full cup. After a minute of movement, she was next to her friends once again, as they were in the middle of a conversation, and Aria was talking. “It's amazing how weak these enemies are. They have no rhythm, no rhyme...”

While she was speaking, Sonata took a sip from her cup. The taste made her butt into the discussion with her own opinions. “Yeah, and they have no idea how to make a good fruit punch! I mean, have you tasted this stuff? Below average.”

That was certainly enough to get Adagio and Aria's attention. Aria was the one to scoff and question, “And since when have you been an authority on drinks? Why does it matter if they make a bad fruit punch?”

Sonata felt a little offended. “I am a master on good sugary drinks, I'll have you know! I drink them all the time as you know, and I think that's enough to make me a conni...con...conical...person who knows their fruit punch. They clearly didn't put enough sugar into this, and it leaves your mouth feeling bitter in the aftertaste. Do either of you know where I could get some sugar here?”

No sooner than she had said it did another girl slide in. Not walked, slid. They stared at the oblivious, very pink girl who had joined the group, and leaned in close to Sonata. “Psst, you said you wanted some sugar?” She pulled the side of her jacket open, revealing a collection of hidden pockets. Reaching into one of them, she removed a handful of those small sugar packets you find on restaurant tables, and slyly placed them into Sonata's hand. “Now, if anyone asks, nothing happens, you got that?” As mysteriously as she had appeared, she vanished.

Thankfully, Sonata wasn't one to question a good thing happening. She took the miracle gift back to the snack table, ripped open one of the packets, and emptied it into the fruit punch bowl. She excitedly opened the rest at once, before she stopped with a realization. “But how much sugar is appropriate, and how much is too much?” It was a conundrum to be sure, and she was unsure about how to deal with it. She pondered the best course of action, taking almost two minutes to come up with an answer. “I guess I'll just have to sample each one until it's just right.”

She took the ladle and poured a small amount into her cup and promptly sipped it, before carefully considering the current taste. “Hmmm...I think I need a little more to have a full opinion.” She poured herself another full cup and drank it all down. A little more deciding, and she decided it wasn't enough. Another sugar packet and another full cup, that was how it went until she was satisfied, which luckily took her entire stack of sugar and nothing more.

###

As promised, the Dazzlings would be the last to perform, so they had to stand around for about an hour listening to everyone else perform. Adagio and Aria had spent the full time quietly making fun of everyone that sang, ranging from the aforementioned tortuous to passable at best. At least until this other band, the Rainbooms, stepped up to the stage. True, they weren't great, but the sirens could sense some strange power emanating from their performance, something for them to keep an eye on.

Or at least, Adagio and Aria could feel the energy. Sonata had her mind on something else at the moment. The realization that the probably-excessive amounts of fruit punch she had drank during the mixing process might have been a bad idea, not at all helped by the extra cups that had gone down once it was to her liking. All the liquid that she had put into her stomach wasn't going to stay there, and it was indeed on the move.

Sonata needed to pee. Pretty badly, in fact. The high amounts of sugar sending her bodily functions into overdrive only served to make her situation worse. Her legs were crossed tightly, her foot shaking up and down from all the energy she had now, and her hands resting on her lap, not quite at the point where she needed to grab herself to retain control, but getting really close.

She took one of her hands off her skirt and poked Adagio in the arm to get her attention. “Hey Adagio, umm...I've got a bit of an issue.”

Adagio sighed. “What is it, Sonata?”

“I really, really need to go potty, I don't think I can hold it for that much longer. Can I just quickly run to the bathroom? I promise, it won't take long, please!”

Adagio wanted to berate the blue siren for putting herself into this situation, that it was completely her fault and she would have to deal with it, but Sonata looked at her with the biggest begging eyes, and her superior felt a small amount of pity. “Alright, fine. Just get back here quickly, we're going to be onstage soon.”

Sonata stood up and turned to the door, when the final notes of the Rainboom's song echoed through the gym. She looked behind to see them bow and leave the stage, whereupon Principal Celestia called out, “Dazzlings, take the stage!”

Adagio and Aria stood at the call, and they both glared at Sonata trying to leave. She realized what they were expecting, and pleaded with them to reconsider. “Come on girls, can't you hold them off until I come back? I really don't think I can't wait!”

Aria took the mantle of scolding Sonata. “Well, that's just too bad. You're just going to have to bear it until we're done.”

“I'm serious, Aria! I really might have an accident if I try to go up there now! Please, it's only going to take a minute or two, that's all!” She was bouncing on her crossed legs, not enough to be easily visible to everyone else in the room, but a clear enough sign of her desperation to those that were close (or anyone that had a disposition towards watersports). She was dry for the moment, but how long was that going to last?

Adagio grabbed Sonata's arm and started dragging her, getting a few yards until she wriggled free and walked with them on her own. Everyone was looking at them, she couldn't afford to make her need obvious, so she walked as casually as she could possibly manage. Her arms were at her side and her legs uncrossed, though they were still very close to each other in order to keep her crotch closed, turning her walk into more of a slow shuffle.

They had to wait for Sonata to catch up once they were on stage, but she did eventually get up there and grabbed her microphone. Adagio did the rhythmic countdown, and on the invisible zero, the singing began.

Oh-whoa-oh, oh-whoa-oh

You didn't know that you fell

Oh-whoa-oh, oh-whoa-oh

They were singing in harmony, and the red amulets they wore around their necks began to glow. They powered up, drawing in the negative energy of everyone in the room. It was a great feeling, the feeding of such a large group, but it took concentration; focus that Sonata really did not have to spare. She was putting as much as she needed to to sing, but everything else she had was keeping her bladder under control with everyone watching.

Now that you're under our spell

Blindsided by the beat

Clapping your hands, stomping your feet

You didn't know that you fell

It wasn't just that everyone was watching. They were sirens, they preyed on attention, their song was forcing everyone to look at them, to take in everything about them. If Sonata wet herself, which was looking incredibly inevitable at this point, everyone was going to see. And if they did, would they ever be able to take the Dazzlings seriously? They required other people to survive, how would they get by if Sonata ruined everything? She'd be sent out on her own, there's no way she'd survive without Adagio and Aria!

Oh-whoa-oh-oh-oh

Now you've fallen under our spell

Oh-whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh

And it was only about to get worse. They seduced, that's what they did, and that wasn't possibly with only voices, as nice as theirs were. It also required motions, and taking advantage of the human bodies they were given, that translated into hip shaking. In unison, all three of them began dancing, and Sonata winced. She could feel her pent-up urine sloshing heavily, and it was increasing the pressure from painful to unbearable. She couldn't hide it anymore, she crossed her legs as tight as she could manage and gripped between her thighs with the hand not holding onto the microphone.

We've got the music, makes you move it

Got the song that makes you lose it

We say "jump", you say "how high?"

Put your hands up to the sky

She was supposed to put her hands up at that line, but there was no way she could do that right now. Everyone could see that she was on the verge on peeing herself, but she didn't care. She'd run off the stage if she was confident in her ability to move. The fact that Adagio was probably going to give her a beating for betraying the team didn't matter, she just wanted the release.

We've got the music, makes you move it

Got the song that makes you lose it

We say "jump", you say "how high?"

Put your hands up to the sky

She couldn't take it anymore, she just had so much punch inside her, and it was forcing its way out already. Her privates were loosening, a small tinkle dribbling into her neon green panties. She really didn't want to ruin them, they were her sexy panties, thin and lacy, but there was no way to prevent the soaking now. The embarrassment didn't matter to Sonata anymore, she was going to take her leak in front of everyone.

And that's just what she did. It went unnoticed for a few seconds under the music and hypnosis, but everyone was paying attention soon enough. Adagio and Aria stopped in shock, the flow of nourishment abruptly cut off. All eyes were on Sonata, her eyes closed in ecstasy, the light yellow torrent pouring from under her skirt with a little forward arc, making a nice loud splatter when it crashed against the polished wood floor, splashing into a growing puddle with droplets jumping back up and spreading further.

Sonata was in her own world of almost-orgasmic relief. All of the pain was flowing out, making her moan and breathe heavily. There was no shame in her mind, in fact, she had the sudden urge to make the best of it. One of her hands moved from their warm spot right next to the faucet, lifting the front of her skirt up on their way out, while the other began rubbing the fabric against her most sensitive area, sending the pleasure of the situation skyrocketing. Her knees faltered, bending her down and sending the stream further out, reducing the amount running down her legs and absorbing into her socks. She was peeing and masturbating in front of a crowd, and liking it. “Ohhhh, that's so much better.”

Adagio and Aria couldn't believe what they were seeing. They wanted to grab her again and drag her away, punish her for ruining everything. They would have to start somewhere else to avoid association with the horny exhibitionist, and she certainly wasn't coming along. Until they felt something, something strong inside their bodies. It was more energy, coming in by the bucketload. “Aria, what the hell is happening?”

“Sick freak of a crowd is enjoying this disgusting display. Damn perverts.”

*002*2014-12-31 15:34

{{: 

I'm guessing there's a possibility that there might be a part 2? because I have to admit this was a brilliant story and I would hate to see it just disappear

}}

Well, not a part 2 to Sonata, because the purpose of To Boldly Pee is that each chapter is about a different character. I'm considering the possibility of revisiting characters later, but I've already got a huge list of characters I'd like to get to, and the "Part 2"s wouldn't be sequels, just a different story with the same character focus.

On that note, are you the same _____ from FIMFiction? If so, you write good stuff too.

