Just A Child (Kuroshitsuji)

Author: neonwatches

*000*2013-05-31 21:02

I spent all of last weekend watching both seasons of Black Butler, and I immediately had to write fanfiction, I like Aberline as more of a fatherly influence on ciel, not yaoi, though. They're cute. Hope you enjoy it :)

"For the murder of three men and four women…"

"Under arrest…."

"In the name of Queen Victoria…"

Ciel froze at these words. The very indignity…the humiliation….how dare he….

"You must be joking." The young boy scoffed, as if his arrest was simply a piece of gossip passed on around the streets.

"I'm afraid not. Earl of Phantomhive, you shall be held in a cell until your trial or until you are willing to confess. You butler, however, will be tortured for information." Randall stated.

"Sir, I don't think that's necessary." Aberline protested. "He's just a boy of twelve, I seriously doubt that a mere child could have done such a thing."

Even Ciel had to laugh at that. "Mere child….Fool, such innocence and vulnerability is pathetic. I am no child."

Fred looked at the small boy in surprise. "But…"

"Obviously he himself did not commit the crime. He most likely sent his butler or another one of his pawns." Randall sneered. "The brat. Guards! Seize them both!"

Sebastian, who had been listening curiously, glanced down at his master in slight amusement. "Your orders, milord?"

"Just go along with it for now. No need to cause any more trouble than is worth my time." Ciel stated. "I will summon you when you are needed."

"As you wish, young master." Sebastian nodded and allowed himself to be taken away in shackles. He glanced back over his shoulder as the same was done to Ciel. "Good evening, my lord." He murmured.

Ciel was led to his cell, and to his utter disgust, he found himself standing in the middle of the commoners cells. What the hell? Where was his cozy and only slightly inconvenient cell that he had been put in the first time he had been arrested by these idiots? With a small noise of distaste, he turned and looked over at Randall. "I refuse to stay in such a horrid place." He stated. "I demand a noble's cell."

"Sorry, the cell's dirty and our maids won't be coming 'til morning." Randall said sarcastically. He opened a cell and removed the shackles before sending the boy sprawling inside the cell onto the filthy floor with a rough shove to his back.

"This is an outrage!" Ciel roared furiously. He had lost his top hat and his clothes were now rather dirty. "I demand to be removed from this vile place at once!"

"Stop your tantruming, you spoiled brat." Randall retorted in irritation. "Being the Queen's guard dog doesn't but you above the law. We're still in control here."

Ciel practically growled at him, his eyes blazing. "You despicable, fowl, loathsome-."

"Enough! Another word and I will have to silence you myself." Randall warned.

Aberline's eyes widened in alarm. "Sir! Truly you don't mean you would hit a child…"

"Shut up! I am no child! Children are weak, scared, emotional creatures…not to mention filthy." Ciel protested. "No, I can guarantee that there are no children here. This is a battle amongst men."

"Mind yourself, Alberline." The commissioner warned. "This boy is much more trouble than he's worth." Locking the cell, Randall gestured for the others to follow, leaving Ciel all by himself in the dark cage with the two other rancid prisoners that occupied it. Fred cast one last nervous look at the cell before obediently following Randall out of the dark, damp place.

It hadn't been twenty minutes when a loud howl reached the ears of Randall and his men. "It came from the cells!" Fred gasped. He knew it. He shouldn't have left Ciel alone. He was just a child no matter what anybody else said. No matter what Ciel said. Before Randall could even bark at him to stop, the young man found himself fleeing down the steps into the cells.

"Let go of me!"

Fred jumped, startled a bit by the sharpness and ferocity of the command. Was that Ciel? It had to be. There were no women in these cells and no grown man had such youthful voice. Jeers quickly filled the room, echoing off of stone walls. Taunts found their way into Fred's ears and he frantically surveyed the cells to figure out what they were causing such a ruckus about.

The filthy men in the far back cell had Ciel pressed firmly against the wall, their grubby hands staining his fine blue outfit even more than it already was. The boy looked anything but scared. In fact he looked obviously livid, as if insulted by such an indignity. That was, until one of the men brought their scrawny, branchy arm up Ciel's thigh, feeling the soft delicateness of his youthful skin.

The boy let out a shocked gasp, as if unaware that the men would dare go as far as to touch him so privately. Now there was but a single thread of concern weaved into his expression. As the man's scraggly fingers worked their way into the waistband of his trousers, Ciel's single blue eye widened and he squirmed against their hold. "Seba-!"

"STOP!"

Ciel turned to find Alberine sprinting towards the cell and let out a small sigh of relief. He watched as the two prisoners released their grips on his small arms and waist when Fred whipped out his gun. "Get away from him now! Back of the cell!" The man ordered sharply, and staring straight at the barrel of the gun, the men eagerly obliged. "Come here, Ciel. You're alright now." He stated as he sorted through keys until he found the right one. He rushed to unlock the cell door and once Ciel was out, secured the lock once more.

"Whoever said I wasn't alright before?" The young boy asked. His snobbish façade had returned.

"Idiot! They just about had their way with you!" Fred scowled in frustration.

"And let them soil the Phantomhive name by doing such a thing? I should think not." Ciel scoffed. "I have no time for perverts like those. I demand to be given proper accommodations."

Fred sighed and shook his head. The boy was stubborn as a mule. However, he knew that he simply could not leave the young earl down in the cells with such monsters. Randall's blessing or no, he was going to make sure that Ciel was safe. "Alright, come on." He sighed, leading Ciel up the stairs by his wrist.

"Unhand me!" Ciel ordered. "I am not some disobedient youth that you may drag around like a dog!"

"You are the Queen's dog, are you not?" Fred murmured in retort as he led Ciel to the noble's cell and gently herded him inside. "I offered to stand watch tonight, so if you need anything, don't hesitate to call." He caught Ciel's eye roll before turning around and walking back to the other men.

"You are too naïve sometimes, Alberine." Randall scolded. "He could have escaped."

"Or he could have been molested." Fred replied firmly. "Neither are ideal, but if we are going to question the boy, I'd prefer to not steal his innocence in the process."

Randall laughed at that. "Innocence? Quite humorous indeed. The Earl of Phantomhive was born without innocence. He is a creature of darkness."

Fred sighed and took a seat at his desk. "I don't care what he is. Children are children. They all get scared and lost and alone sometimes."

"Well you let me know when that happens." Randall replied. "I'd love to alert the press."

The jail was rather quiet now. Much of the police, including Randall had gone home to their families and a majority of the prisoners were asleep. That included Ciel. Fearing for his safety, Fred remained on patrol with the other guards, if not to simply put his own worrisome mind to rest. There was something curious about that boy. Fred couldn't quite place it, but he knew something was off. He pondered these notions as he paced down the dark hall, his shoes clacking against the tiles of the floor. A small gasp echoed against the walls and Fred suddenly froze in his tracks. He didn't dare move a muscle, afraid that if he made even the slightest sound, the noise would disappear, never to be heard again. Another noise of distress just barely made its way to his ears and he took off running towards Ciel's holding cell immediately. He didn't know for sure if it was really him, but it didn't matter. He was here to keep the boy safe.

"Ciel?" He whispered as he quietly approached the noble's cell. From the light of the moon that streamed in through the window of the confinement, Fred could make out the tiny figure curled into a shuddering ball with his knees pressed tightly to his chest. His long, charcoal bangs fell into his eyes, keeping them from view, but the moon's light seemed to betray Ciel that night, reflecting off of the tear tracks that stained and ripped through the boy's mask.

"Ciel!" Fred gasped a little louder. "Are you alright?" He hurriedly pulled out his keys and unlocked the cell door.

The young earl's head lifted in mortified surprise as he watched the man approach him. "Get away from me!" He ordered, but the shakiness of his tears made his normally strong voice crumble and collapse.

"Ciel, please let me help you. You can always trust me." The young man promised.

"No. Leave my cell at once and don't come back." Ciel ordered him. His face was a flaming red and his eyes were squeezed shut, as if he was desperately trying to wake up from a bad dream. He shifted in his spot and Fred's eyes glanced down suspiciously. "Well? Why aren't you leaving?" A rough voice asked.

Fred remained silent. He turned to leave, but instead ripped the covers from Ciel's bed. The filtering moonlight left the boy completely exposed, along with the large dark stain on the sheets that surrounded Ciel. The moment he saw it, Fred's expression softened into pity for the child who's tears, though silent, were as fierce and violent as any distraught child's.

"Oh, Ciel. Don't cry, we can fix this."

"Get out of my cell!" Ciel roared, striking Fred across the face. "That is an order!"

"I am sorry, Ciel, but I do not answer to you." He said monotonously. He kneeled down on one knee so that he was level with the young boy. "I know you are feeling ashamed and embarrassed, but it is nothing to be upset about. Many children wet the bed. It is very common." His voice came out calm and soothing, or at least he hoped it did.

Ciel scoffed and crossed his arms across his chest, but averted his eyes from the man. "I am no child." He muttered. His eyes vibrated and shone in the lighted shadows. He was obviously holding back his tears.

Fred sighed. "I understand. At least allow me to help you clean up?"

In the end, Ciel allowed him to do that much and soon his soiled sheets were replaced with fresh, clean ones. Fred then brought in a pitcher of water, a basin, and a cloth for Ciel to wash up in, though by the look of frustration on his face, he had obviously never done such a chore on his own. Fred approached him once more. "Ciel, I know that you are an adult, but there is nobody here but us. Just this once, allow yourself to be a child? Just once?" He goaded as he wet the cloth and began to wash all of the dried urine off of the younger's legs.

Ciel gasped and looked at him in shock, but said nothing as surprisingly gentle hands washed away the itchy, irritating feeling from his pale, sensitive skin. As Fred worked his way upward on his legs, Ciel's shame and humiliation intensified one hundred fold and he clenched his eyes shut as tears escaped, slipping down his cheeks like meteors. Then, when he felt the warm cloth on his small genitals, a sob escaped. It immediately caught Fred's attention and the man looked up at the crying child.

"Poor boy." He murmured as he quickly tugged off the soiled shirt and exchanged it for a clean one. Then, leaving it in a crumpled heap on the floor, he gathered Ciel into his arms and held his tightly as the youth wept into his shoulder. Hiccups and sobs filled the room and Fred could feel the warmth of the raven's tears soak his shirt, not that he cared. He gently rubbed Ciel's back and shushed him softly. "You're alright, child. Nobody can hurt you." He murmured between gasps of breath and shuddering whimper. It was getting very late, and Fred knew now that he would most definitely be staying all night for the young Earl, no matter what he needed. The poor child needed someone to take care of him. Ciel would probably pretend it didn't happen the next day, or ignore him, or possibly even spew insults at him despite lulling him to sleep. Not that he cared.

*004*2013-06-03 20:24

It's really a relief to know that because I literally wrote this right after finishing season 1 and i was still getting a hang of the characters. Thank you :)

*005*2013-06-04 02:50

Because people were requesting more and i couldn't resist, here is a part 2, but this focuses a little bit more on omutsu.

Ciel was released from the jail after a day. Randall came in the next morning and was extremely displeased to find the cell empty, but apparently, another murder had proven that the boy was innocent. Sebastian, who had spent the night being tortured, immediately appeared by the young earl’s side the next morning without even a scratch on his finger. The two were gone in minutes, hardly leaving a trace that they had been there in the first place. Ciel didn’t say a single word to Aberline, who as promised, stayed by Ciel all night. The poor boy had ended up crying himself to sleep with his face buried in Fred’s shoulder while he rocked him. Once his breathing had evened out, Aberline had tucked him in, then placed a thickly folded towel underneath Ciel’s waist. Fortunately for the both of them, it wasn’t needed and the boy was able to sleep peacefully for the rest of the night.

Ciel now rode in the carriage that Sebastian had summoned back to the townhouse. He was stiff in his posture and oddly silent. He never was quite the talker, but Sebastian could sense the tension in his young master. He had a bit of an idea about what was wrong, too.

“How was your night, my lord?” Sebastian asked casually.

Ciel’s body jolted as if he had a wire thrust up his spin and slowly turned to glare at his butler. “Just fine.”

“I wonder why Aberline felt it necessary to place that towel under you while you slept?” The demon murmured and suddenly he found himself dodging an angry smack.

“Shut up!” Ciel hissed.

“My apologies, milord. It appears I have touched a nerve.” Sebastian smirked maliciously.

“It’s your fault in the first place!” Ciel huffed.

“Quite the contrary, milord. You were the one who did not summon me.” Sebastian shrugged.

Ciel’s face burned with fury and shame before angrily turning back to the window. He spent the rest of the ride pouting in silence, much to the amusement of his butler. Arriving at the townhouse, Sebastian rose and opened the door so that Ciel could step out. The young earl, once more dressed in his fine robes and top hat, made his way into the townhouse.

“Tell me, young master, does Mr. Aberline know?” Sebastian questioned.

Ciel stopped in his tracks and his body shook with anger, his face turning red as his aunt’s hair. “That’s enough out of you, Sebastian! Go get my tea.”

Sebastian smirked and bowed, holding a hand over his heart. “Yes, my lord.” He said before retreating from the room. Once he had gone, Ciel fled to his bedroom, a steam of embarrassed anger trailing behind him.

Ciel stormed into his room and threw himself into his chair. How dare Sebastian mock him! Make a fool of him! He was that despicable demon’s master! He demanded respect. He spotted a clean stack of cloth diapers on his dresser, bright white and folded into neat rectangles. Ciel let out a frustrated growl and got up, swiping them clean off. They fluttered and flopped to the ground like birds shot out of the sky and the boy rubbed his uncovered eye.

Ciel had been wetting his bed since he could remember. It had always been one of those problems that his parents would brush off and simply state that “he would grow out of it eventually.” At twelve, Ciel was starting to doubt that notion. Now that he was earl of Phantomhive, his bedwetting brought disgrace to the name and it horrified him to think of what might happen if anybody found out. The Phantomhive name would forever be made a fool and a mockery, and Ciel would never live down the shame. Other than Aberline, Sebastian was the only one aware of the young master’s…imperfection.

It had not taken long for him to discover the wet sheets that were constantly ending up underneath the boy’s bed along with soiled night shirts. When he had first confronted his master about it, Sebastian had been greeted with hostility and denial, then again the first time he ever presented Ciel with a couple of cloth diapers and some pins. The boy had gone absolutely livid and struck the butler several times before banishing him from his room for the rest of the night. The night after Ciel’s “tantrum” as Sebastian preferred to call it, the demon once more took out the diaper. He repeated it for over a month until Ciel finally gave in, as long as nobody knew and Sebastian washed all the diapers himself.

Sebastian politely knocked on the open door before entering with the trolley that held his tea and a small plate of scones. His eyes flickered from his red-faced master to the unfolded diapers that littered the floor, but was wiser than to comment. “I’ve made Earl Grey tea and your breakfast is downstairs consisting of poached eggs with a side of salmon and fresh fruit from this morning’s market.” Sebastian stated as he poured a cup of the steaming liquid and passed it to Ciel on a saucer. The boy took a deep breath and exhaled his frustrations before taking a sip of the tea and letting the bittersweet taste slip over his tongue and burn down his throat. He handed the cup back to Sebastian. “Very good, I will have it with my breakfast.” He said curtly before disappearing to the dining room.

Ciel remained distant for the rest of the day and after lunch, Sebastian convinced him to take a short rest. After all, he had been through a lot lately and he doubted that the young master had gotten much sleep the night before. Ciel responded by throwing a pitcher of milk in Sebastian’s face. However, he reluctantly relented and wearily followed Sebastian up to his bedroom. He eyed the freshly folded diapers that had been restacked on his dresser as if he had never pushed them off.

“If you don’t mind, my lord?” Sebastian asked politely as he gathered up two of the thick cloths in his hands and two large pins. Ciel sighed, his face burning as he stood up and allowed Sebastian to remove his clothing once he had set the objects on the bed. Sebastian ignored Ciel’s discomfort as he unbuttoned his shirt and removed it, then tugged down his pants and underclothing until he was clad in just his socks and his eye patch. Socks were removed and Sebastian spread the two cloth rectangles out on the bed before lightly patting it, motioning for Ciel to lie down.

The boy’s entire body flushed pink as he positioned himself on top of them and once more prayed to God that nobody would ever discover his shameful secret. Sebastian swiftly and neatly wrapped his young master up in the cloth diaper and securely pinned it at the boy’s tiny waist. His skinny legs were now separated by the soft bulge of cloth and Ciel quickly summoned for his nightshirt, not wanting to be seen dressed as a little infant any longer. Sebastian pulled the shirt down over his head and helped Ciel navigate his arms through the sleeves. He lifted the hem up one last time to make sure the diaper was tight and secure in all places until his embarrassed lord shoved him away and tugged the hem back down.

“Get away!” Ciel scowled. “Your work here is done. Go sweep the kitchen or something.”

Sebastian smirked and bowed, holding his hand over his heart. “Yes, my lord.” He said obediently and retreated from the room, leaving Ciel to burrow under his covers and fall into a much needed sleep.

It had been a little more than two hours when there was an urgent knock on the door and Sebastian looked up from where he was straightening up the parlor. He set down his duster and walked over to the door, finding Aberline standing there. “Good afternoon, officer, how may I be of service to you?” Sebastian asked politely.

“I’ve been given direct orders to personally deliver this letter to the earl of Phantomhive, if that’s quite alright.” Fred stated, holding up a plain white envelope.

Sebastian smiled. “My apologies, but my master is not seeing anyone at the moment. He is very tired and has chosen to rest for the afternoon.”

“It’s very important that he reads this as soon as possible.” Fred frowned.

Sebastian glances back at the stairs and sighed. “Follow me, Mr. Aberline.”

Fred does just that and trails behind the odd butler up to Ciel’s private bedroom. He is stopped and told to wait in the hall while Sebastian enters to wake his master. The door was left open a jar and Fred peeked in, unable to resist a warm smile at what he saw.

Ciel was curled up in a ball in his bed, his covers kicked off and forgotten at the foot of the bed. He was fast asleep with an endearing little bedhead. His soft, innocent face was buried in a fluffy pillow that cradled his head. His sleep shirt was pushed up to his waist, giving Aberline a fine view of his thick cloth diapers and the officer couldn’t help noting that they were soaked.

The poor child. He probably wore those every night and last night in the cell there had been nobody to bring him diapers and pin them up for him. No wonder he was so upset.

“It’s time to wake up, my lord.” Sebastian said as he gently shook his master awake. The boy whined sleepily and rolled over, reminding Fred of a toddler. He leaned against the door frame and watched in fascination as Sebastian coaxed Ciel onto his back and gathered a basin of water and a cloth from the bathroom. “Fred Aberline is here to see you concerning a message he was told to deliver to you.” Sebastian stated. “It will not take long, so does my lord plan to return to his sleep after this meeting?”

Ciel yawned and nodded, dozing on as Sebastian unpinned the sopping diapers from the boy’s waist and dropped them in an empty basin to be washed and dried. He then got to work wiping down the boy’s genitals with the wet cloth. It wasn’t until Sebastian was holding his legs up in the air to wipe his bottom that Ciel’s head to the side and he opened his eyes slightly to find Fred staring back with a warm smile on his face. The earl’s entire body jolted as if struck by lightning and his eyes widened to the size of saucers. “Se…Seba…Sebastian!” He gasped in mortification, his entire body turning positively red as he grabbed onto a sheet to conserve his modesty.

“Is something the matter, my lord?” Sebastian asked casually and ignored Ciel’s struggling as he continued to clean him.

“Yes there is something the matter. Get him out of here!” Ciel ordered, making Fred’s chest pang in sympathy when his voice cracked from threatening tears.

Sebastian nodded and turned to Fred. “You will have to excuse us, officer. If you wouldn’t mind waiting next door in the study, my master shall be with you shortly.”

Fred nodded and quickly retreated into the large study, one of Ciel’s unmistakable sobs piercing his hear before the door closed.

Once he was pinned up in fresh diapers and dressed in proper attire, Ciel threw Sebastian out of the room and curled up into a ball. He would not cry. He refused to cry. In front of Sebastian, and this time, in front of

Fred as well. This was twice now that he had been caught in extremely compromising positions and it was all the damn butler’s fault! He angrily knocked over the now much shorter stack of diapers again and wiped his eyes before making his way to the study, keeping his shoulders straight and his nose up. Fred immediately stood when Ciel entered and once the boy nodded to him in acknowledgement, took his seat once more.

“What can I do for you, Mr. Aberline?” Ciel asked tightly, obviously trying to hold back his humiliation on the whole matter. He perched himself on the edge of his seat and hardly relaxed at all.

“Commissioner Randall sent me here with this letter from the queen addressing the case. It was dropped off later this morning after you had already gone.” Fred told him as he handed the envelope over.

Ciel nodded quickly and accepted it, dropping it down on the table without so much as a glance. “Is that all?”

Fred nodded. “Yes, but-…”

“Then good day, Mr. Alberline.” Ciel stated and began to stand.

“Ciel…”

“I said good day.” Ciel repeated a little more curtly.

“Don’t be embarrassed…”

Of course by saying that, Ciel just grew more embarrassed and he quickly turned around to hide his shame. “I have no idea what you are talking about.”

“Enough of this, Ciel. Sometimes you forget that you are just a child. There is nothing wrong with wearing nappies to bed.”

“Shut up!” Ciel whirled around, his eyes welling up with humiliated tears. Why was it that his meetings with Fred lately all ended in tears?

“If you think I’m going to judge you or tell someone, you are quite mistaken. I would never betray your trust or has last night slipped from your memory all ready?” Fred asked. He didn’t bother waiting for a reply, knowing that it would never come. Without a second thought, he scooped Ciel into his arms and took his seat before settling the twelve year old in his lap. Through his trousers, he could easily feel the padding of Ciel’s bedtime nappies

“Look at me.” He ordered and Ciel surprised himself by obeying. “You must understand that being an adult doesn’t have to be a full time job for you. I know it sounds degrading to you but you are a child, a little boy, and if you wet the bed then so what? I understand that it’s embarrassing, but you know that I would never betray your trust on the matter and I just want to help you.” Fred said firmly. “Am I clear?”

Too surprised to come up with a clever retort, Ciel nodded speechlessly. Seeing that he had the upper hand, Aberline decided to test this a little and scooped Ciel up into his arms, carrying him back into his own room. “I can see that you’re still very tired, Ciel.” He commented as he set the boy on his bed and began to remove his shoes and socks. “Why not forego the formalities just for today?” He removed the boy’s clothes and pulled his nightshirt back on over his head, ignoring Ciel’s quickly reddening face at the revealing of his bulky diapers. Aberline however, pretended as if they didn’t even exist and tucked Ciel into bed before getting up and turning to leave.

“Wait!”

Fred stopped and turned around, amused to find a rather flustered and embarrassed little earl stuttering out a request.

“You know…like last night…” He mumbled and Fred chuckled, walking back over to the bed. He picked the tiny boy up into his arms and held him tightly as he began to rock. Back and forth. One hand rubbed his petite, occasionally straying down to pat the thick nappies while the other one cradled the back of Ciel’s hand. He kept up a pattern. Even when his arms started to tire and ache, Aberline refused to stop until he was absolutely sure that the child was asleep. The queen’s guard dog. He thought with a dollop of amusement as he lay the sleeping youth in bed and tucked the covers up under his chin. He turned to find Sebastian standing in the doorway, nodding approvingly.

“The young master will be wanting to see more of you, Mr. Aberline.”

*009*2013-06-23 11:08

Thank you and yea, I've ready seen it. I'm eagerly waiting for season three.

*010*2013-07-01 04:57

I'm sorry, I got bored and was craving anime. This is the last one, I promise.

The next time Aberline visits Ciel at the townhouse, Randall comes along. He states that it's because Ciel is sly and clever, able to fool even the sharpest of men. Fred knows the real reason. He's more interested in sniffing around the house for some sort of evidence. Unbelievable, he knows, that a grown man wants to convict and innocent twelve year old child of something as awful as murder. And Fred knows that he's being positively outrageous. Randall won't listen to him however, and once the driver stops in front of the brick building he wastes no time getting out and strutting up to the door.

That butler, Sebastian Michaelis, whom Aberline finds rather peculiar, answers the door with a polite smile and informs them that the young master has retired to his room for the evening, terribly sorry.

"I demand to see the Earl Phantomhive immediately. If you do not fetch him, I will have no choice but to arrest you and him for defying her majesty's forces of law." Randall stated.

That smile twitches the slightest bit, but Sebastian bows and obediently leads them into the living area. As they climb the stairs, Randall looks around intently, as if he might find some bloodied corpse nailed to a wall or something. They are taken to the living area and once Sebastian leaves, Randall is up and examining every inch of the room.

"Sir, I don't believe you'll be finding anything here." Fred said as Randall peeked through book cases and peered into decorative cases.

"You never know, Aberline. The crazy ones like to bring their work home with them." The commissioner stated as he lifted a sofa cushion.

Fred sighed. "Yes, well, do excuse me for a moment sir." He replied as he slowly backed out of the room. Luckily, Randall was too far in his hunt for nonexistent evidence to wonder why Fred was leaving and where he would possibly be going. Sighing in relief, he slipped down the hall, following the soft, muffled voices coming from the last door on the right. That must have been where Ciel's bedroom was. He knew this was highly inappropriate, peeking into somebody's bedroom. Quite the guest indeed, but he needed to see Ciel. Not the earl of Phantomhive, Queen's guard dog. No, he wanted to catch a look at the little boy who lived here. The one that wet the bed and enjoyed being held and had vulnerabilities like any normal child should.

"Master, police commissioner Randall and Fred Aberline are here to see you." Sebastian told the boy as he gently shook him awake.

Fred smiled at the reluctant, sleepy grunt he got in reply and watched through the opening in the door. When Ciel made no signs of moving, the butler sighed and walked over, scooping the child up into his arms. Fred wasn't surprised to see that Ciel was still in diapers, Sebastian's arm supporting his padded bottom as the boy sleepily wound his arms around the older man's neck. His head rested in the crook of his neck and he returned to dozing as Sebastian carried him into the bathroom. Fred hurried back to the living area to find Randall seated on the couch once more. He must have finished his search of the room for anything that looked suspicious.

"Where did you wander off to?" The man asked.

"Oh, just the lavatory." Fred shrugged as he sat down. He ignored his suspicious glance and watched the entrance for any signs of Ciel.

It was ten more minutes or so before the boy finally made his appearance. While is clothing and hair looked ready for a formal outing, Ciel's features told a different story. The poor thing was obviously tired with a gray bag under the one eye that could be seen and a permanently cranky expression dominated his face. "You better have a very good reason for disturbing me." He said sternly as he sat down opposite of the two men. However, even after he had settled into his chair, he kept up a constant pattern of squirming and shifting. Sebastian appeared with tea and sweetened biscuits before being dismissed by the young earl.

"I'm so sorry for disrupting. I forgot that children have such early bedtimes." Randall replied, bringing an ugly scowl to the boy's face.

"Remember where you are, Randall." Ciel warned. "And it is your fault for my fatigue; constantly bothering me with ridiculous accusations. You've become quite the nuisance. I suggest you get to the point of your visit."

"Well, we've interviewed several witnesses from the last killing and all evidence gathered seems to trace right back to you, earl Phantomhive." Randall stated.

"And I suppose you've checked your sources?" Ciel asked boredly. Another fidget.

"As a matter of fact, we have. We know that you have people working for you. People who are doing your dirty work." The man hissed.

Fred frowned. "Sir, I don't thin-

"So here's what's going to happen." Randall told the boy. "You are going to contact your boys and tell them to stop their killing. The next time another body shows up, I will be marching straight to your residence and taking you back to jail where you belong."

Fred's eyes widened in surprise and he glanced over at Ciel, who looked as equally shocked and outraged. "Sir! You must be joking."

"Murder isn't funny." Randall replied evenly.

"I would warn you to actually do some research before accusing innocent people." Ciel warned. "If that is all you have to tell me, I will kindly ask you to leave." More squirms.

As Sebastian entered the room to escort them out, Fred nodded to Ciel in acknowledgement, but the boy pretended not to notice and headed down the hall to his room. Sebastian led them to the door once more and guided them out. "Do have a nice day, Commissioner, officer." He nodded before closing the door and heading back upstairs to take care of Ciel. He had a nap that he needed to finish.

###

An impossibly loud knock on the door sent Sebastian racing for the front hall. It was approximately half past two in the morning, three days since Randall's visit to the Phantomhive residence. Sebastian answered the door, but before a single word could leave his lips, a squad of officers entered the house. They stormed up the stairs, checking every room until they reached the end of the hall.

Ciel, who had been sleeping peacefully, was unceremoniously jarred awake as his door was slammed open. Several men from Scotland Yard infiltrated the sanctuary that was his bedroom. Even in his half asleep phase, he was quick enough to tie his eye patch around his head.

"What is going on here?" Ciel snapped. "Seba-

"There's been another murder, and I plan to follow through on my promise." Randall stated as he entered the room. "So you've got two options. You can be a good boy and let us arrest you with dignity and grace, or we will carry you out of here like a child."

"How very rude of you, barging into my home so late without invitation." Ciel told them, glaring furiously. "If plan on arresting me, then I do hope you are going to allow me to dress properly before leaving the house."

"My apologies, your highness," Randall stated sarcastically, "but seeing as you are now a prisoner in our jail, you are granted no such favors."

Ciel tensed at that. He was silent for a few moments while the men scrutinized him. "Sebastian!" He called, sighing in relief when the butler slipped into the room.

"Get these officers out of my house!" Ciel snarled furiously.

"Do that and we will start detaining those in relation with you. Don't you have a fiancé?" Randall smirked.

"Sir! Surely we can't blackmail him! The morals of that is-

"Enough out of you, Aberline!" Randall ordered. "I still don't understand why you insist on protecting this demon spawn." He turned back to Ciel. "Well boy? What's it going to be?"

Ciel sighed. "Sebastian, I order you to find out whoever is behind these murders." He stated.

His ever present butler smiled and bowed. "Yes, my lord." He obliged before exiting the room, leaving Ciel alone with London's finest.

As graceful as any nobleman, Ciel rose from his bed carefully and smoothed out his nightshirt, mostly to make sure that his diapers weren't peeking out anywhere. He silently struggled in his mind to hold down a blush that was threatening to color his face. He looked up at Randall. "I would willingly allow myself to be taken to prison on two conditions." He stated, his mind wandering to the top shelf of the dresser. Ever since the day Aberline had come to visit and he'd been caught in his diapers, he'd insisted that the thick cloths be kept hidden out of sight, for which he was thankful for now.

"Alright, I'll humor you. What is it that you require?" The commissioner asked.

"First, I demand that I be allowed to back a small case of clothing and other necessities for my stay. And second, I demand that Officer Fred Aberline be the one in charge of overlooking my cell." Ciel stated firmly.

Randall pretended to ponder it. "Sounds pretty reasonable. Or…we could just take you by force and you get nothing. Seize him." He ordered.

Men charged forward and grabbed onto the boy, rendering him helpless as cuffs were placed over his wrists. "Now move it." One of the men ordered, impatiently shoving him forward. Ciel's eyes searched the crowd of men until they locked with Fred's who frowned in utmost pity for the boy. If he looked close he could even see…fear? Was that a touch of anxiety that Ciel was showing under all of that false confidence? He watched the boy go past and as he did, Ciel lifted his head and stared directly at him, his eyes flickering to the stop drawer of his dresser before he was pushed out into the hallway.

While Fred didn't quite like the idea of leaving Ciel alone, he knew that whatever Ciel needed was important and he waited patiently for the room to empty. Once he was alone, the man hurried over to dresser and looked in to find rows of neatly folded white cloths and pins. Aberline glance behind him to make sure nobody had come back before unbuckling his bag and stuffing as many diapers into it as he could, along with some pins. With that achieved, he raced back downstairs to keep an eye on the young boy.

"Take your filthy hands off of me!" Ciel ordered furiously as he was roughly shoved towards the door. "How dare you treat nobility in such a disgraceful manner! Your superiors will hear about this."

"Shut up. You're just an annoying little kid." A guard said gruffly as they dragged him out of the townhouse.

"Please be gentle with him!" Aberline ordered angrily. "In case you haven't noticed, he's not a grown man you can beat around. Hell, the clothing you have on probably weighs more than he does!"

"Though I resent his reasons, I must agree." Ciel stated. "You are hardly worthy of touching me."

"Spoiled brat." Randall growled. "Behave, or I'll send you right down to the commoners' cell where they can corrupt you all they want."

A mask of disgust covered Ciel's face and his façade finally broke when he bared his teeth and spat on the commissioner's shoe. "You can give that to the commoners' cell." He hissed.

Randall turned red with rage and before Fred could stop him, struck Ciel across the face. The force sent the delicate boy to the floor with a pained grunt and he writhed around, trying to stand up with his hands bound behind his back. His hair fell in his face and his face burned in humiliation when he heard the men's guffaws at the sight of his diapers peeking out from under his night shirt.

"Well would you look at that, boys? Looks like the guard dog still needs some training." Randall smirked in satisfaction. "Oh, how very mature you are. Nope, no children here." The laughter of other officers egged him on and soon, Ciel found himself fighting back tears.

"Enough!" Fred finally cried out, storming over and lifting Ciel up into his arms. "Look at yourselves! You're bullying a child! What kind of pathetic lowlife makes a little boy cry?" He was shaking with fury, his face dark as Ciel buried his face in the man's neck. "Now you men better step aside, so that at least one of us can remain honorable in their duty, whether they like it or not." Aberline stated. Leaving silence in his wake, Fred made his way out to one of the carriages that the men had taken over and carried the young earl into it before disappearing into the night.

Once they were safe from view of others, Aberline pulled out a key and unlocked the cuffs. "You're okay now, Ciel." He said softly. "I'm so sorry that they treated you so horribly."

Ciel nodded quietly, staring at his lap in shame. All those men. London's finest…they had all seen him. So much shame.

"I know you want to cry." Fred stated, making the boy look up in surprise. "I can see it. Your eyes get really shiny and you look down."

"What do you expect?" Ciel huffed, quickly wiping a few tears that he had accidentally allowed to escape.

"Well, if you want, you can get the tears out now. Better to do it when it's just us than at the prison with all those people around." Aberline shrugged.

Ciel sighed and without warning, crawled into the officer's lap, making his eyes widen in surprise. He hadn't been expecting the earl to be so bold. Nevertheless, he wrapped his arms around the boy, pulling him close to his chest. There was a long silence, but eventually, Fred could feel the warm tears soaking into his shirt and sense the sharp, shuddery gasps that made Ciel's whole body jerk. Never once did he show his face, and once they had arrived at the station, his tears were promptly wiped away and his face straightened out into a neutral but confident expression. It scared Fred how easy it was for the boy to hide his feelings. As they pulled up, Aberline opened up the door, but Ciel didn't move.

"Would you prefer it if I carried you inside?" The man asked carefully. "None of the other men are back yet."

Ciel's blush returned, but he slowly nodded. Just like the way he had seen Sebastian carry him, Fred scooped Ciel into his arms and propped his (wet) diapered bottom onto his arm while small, frail arms encircled his neck. He made sure he still had his bag and entered the station, carrying Ciel straight to his noble's cell. After setting the boy on the bed, he pulled the cloth diapers out of his bag and presented them to Ciel. "Can you do it yourself? Or do you require assistance?"

Staring at his lap shyly, Ciel didn't reply at first, which was okay. Fred was more than aware of how embarrassing this topic was, especially for someone as headstrong as Ciel. Finally, he received a small nod which the man took as a yes for assistance.

"Alright, how many do you usually wear to bed? Two?" He asked, earning another nod. "Very well, lie down and lift your shirt up."

Burning more red than his aunt's wardrobe, Ciel lied down and stared at the opposite wall while his wet diapers were unpinned and removed. He shivered as cool air hit his wet, warm skin and he winced in embarrassment as he heard the soaked cloths drop into an empty basin with a wet splat. Next, a wet cloth washed his privates thoroughly and Ciel did his best to shut his eyes and pretend it was Sebastian. Fred's lack of conversation helped.

"Hips up." Fred instructed and Ciel embarrassedly obeyed as two clean diapers were pushed underneath him. He lowered his bottom back onto the soft fabric and sighed in relief as it was pulled up between his legs and pinned at his hips. "There," Aberline nodded, stepping back to look over his handiwork. "not bad. Is it tight enough?" He smiled when he earned Ciel's approval.

"I will be right outside all night." He promised, then hesitated. "Unless you want me to rock you again."

Ciel was quiet for a moment, then nodded. "Yes, please." He rasped.

"I can do that." Fred smiled and took a seat on the bed, allowing Ciel to clamber back into his lap. This was becoming quite the habit. Once more, Fred cradled his head in his hand, stroking his hair. His other hand rubbed up and down Ciel's back, occasionally straying further to pat his diapers, which Aberline was convinced he enjoyed. By the time the rest of the men returned and it was confirmed that Ciel was indeed in his cell, Randall sent the rest of his men home.

The commissioner sighed and shook his head as he stared at his young officer, the man cradling the earl Phantomhive in his arms while they both slept. In his opinion, Aberline was a total fool. Only a true idiot would allow themselves to manipulated by someone as devious as the Queen's guard dog. Very well. He didn't bother waking Aberline up. In fact, he didn't even bother locking the cell. Something told him that Ciel wouldn't get far.

