Tiny little Tasha

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-06-02 21:03

I mentioned this last night and I just couldn't get it out of my head. So... Here's a tester chapter I guess. :) let me know what you think.

Chapter 1:

Most people would KILL to live with the Avengers. They embodied everything everyone else wanted to be or do or have. Agent Natasha Romanoff failed to see the appeal though, and she DID live with the Avengers. However her reasons for her assessment were mostly based on her tiny (albeit extremely humiliating) secret: she was a bedwetter.

It wasn't that hard for her to figure out why: the Red Room, so many missions BEFORE Clint was sent to eliminate her, the whole process AFTER Clint decided against that, and then everything with the Avengers themselves. She wasn't surprised at her body, but that didn't mean she wasn't frustrated as hell with it. She was losing sleep on top of it all to try and keep it from everyone. Which perfectly explained Monday.

The three coffee makers in the kitchen were all finished brewing. Two were community and one was solely for Tony, who tended to hoard the previous liquid as if it were a small child. Natasha stumbled into the kitchen, and she was going on over twenty-four hours of no sleep. Something Steve and Clint both picked up on.

"You okay Tash?" CLINT asked gently. Natasha shot him a death glare, and he raised his hands in defense. He had an assumption as to why she was like this, but didn't voice it. Steve, on the other hand, had been chewed out by her three times the day before and decided enough was enough.

"Team meeting after Breakfast," he informed the two. "JARVIS sent the memo around, but I told him I'd tell you two personally."

Natasha growled. "What is this about?" She snapped.

Steve took a deep breath. "I'm not supposed to tell you until the others are present," he said firmly. "And don't even think about trying to get out of it. The tower will be on lockdown."

Natasha huffed and stomped to her room. She looked longingly at her bed before shaking her head. She sighed and tried to pull herself together. She went to shower for the day, doing what she could with her hair (curly hair like hers was hard to deal with), and finally sat on her bed. She figured Steve or Clint would come for her when it was time, right? It was probably a stray mission or the Fantastic Four needed help (again!) with Doctor Doom. She sighed and laid back. A few minutes of sleep wouldn't hurt, right? Her eyes closed, and before she could help it, she was sound asleep.

MEANWHILE, IN THE KITCHEN:

"I've been watching her at night through the vents but I can't figure out why she's not sleeping," CLINT sighed in frustration.

"Hey, we'll figure it out," Bruce assured him. "I'm sure it's probably nothing more than nightmares."

"I hope," Clint huffed in frustration, chewing roughly at the omelette Steve had made. Steve and Bruce usually cooked, alternating every couple of days. Steve knew how to make an omelette. What was strange was that as soon as Natasha smelled hers cooking, she came running. This had Steve worried.

"You guys stay here, I'm gonna go check on her," he said. Clint frowned.

"No way are you going up there alone," he said firmly.

"Oooooh, I wanna see the cat fight," Tony said eagerly.

Steve shook his head. "Guess we're gonna have this meeting now then," he said, leading the gang upstairs.

(AN: yes, I am aware I might have a tiny obsession with the Avengers. I also have a slight girl crush on Black Widow. Sue me. I got this idea in my head and thought it was just too damn cute to dismiss. I know I have three other stories I should be working on, but I thought I'd just try this out. And I like it. :) stay tuned in for more! The next one should be super cute. ;)

*001*2015-06-04 03:42

Screw it, I'm gonna keep posting this. :) it's gonna get interesting....

Chapter 2:

Steve tried his best to be quiet as he lead the team upstairs. He would have given anything to have Agent Coulson be the one to face Natasha's wrath for summoning her to breakfast, but he was behind on paperwork and they were supposed to be heading out for a new mission soon, so he had gone in early. However, nothing could have prepared Steve- or the rest of the team- for the sight they were met with.

Natasha was curled up like a kitten on top of her blankets. Nothing unusual about it except for the fact that she was sound asleep, her thumb in her mouth and herself and her sheets soaked from the waist down.

Everyone tried not to gasp, lest they wake the sleeping monster (metaphorically), and tiptoed back out of the room and downstairs. Unfortunately, Bruce was more than a little klutzy, and tripped and stumbled into Tony. And Tony wasn't quiet by any stretch of the imagination, so he swore rather loudly. And since Tasha was a VERY light sleeper, she awoke with a start, then glared at everyone.

"GET OUT!!" She screamed.

"Tash-" CLINT started, but when I knife landed in the wall a few inches from his head, they all quickly scattered. Natasha slammed the door behind them before bursting in to tears. This was exactly what she had been afraid of. Now they were definitely going to kick her off the team and on to her butt. And who's to say they wouldn't tell SHIELD while they were at it? SHIELD... That gave her an idea. She picked up her tiny cell phone and dialed the only person she could think of to help.

"Agent Coulson," the voice on the other line said.

"Phil, I need help," she sniffled, tears still running down her cheeks.

MEANWHILE IN LE KITCHEN....

"Poor Tasha," Clint sighed miserably, chewing his omlette. "Why did she- I mean but-"

"Dude, relax," Tony said. "This is kind of-"

"If you say hilarious I'll put an arrow through your hands," Clint barked.

"Easy sport," Steve said calmly. "Tony, it's not nice to make fun of other people, and especially when they can't help what's going on with them. Need I remind you of those things Pepper and Natasha both warned me about?"

Tony's face turned bright red but said nothing.

"It's probably just stress or PTSD," Bruce said logically. "I mean it's not like Natasha hasn't been to the brink of hell and back."

"And how can we fix it?" Steve asked, glad someone was being reasonable.

"I'm sorry to interrupt but Agent Romanoff has broken lockdown and is on her way to the garage via the vents," JARVIS informed the men.

"Isn't that your move hotshot?" Tony asked Clint.

"Let's go. JARVIS, lift the lockdown for now," Steve said.

"Already done," the AI confirmed.

*004*2015-06-05 02:17

I've been debating on an update schedule. Any thoughts? :)

Chapter 3:

Natasha was quick, but Clint was just as fast as her. He reached her personal vehicle the same time she did.

"Move," she growled through clenched teeth.

"Or what? You gonna stick a knife through your best friend?" He argued. "Tasha it really isn't that big of a-"

"Yes it it Clint!" She said, tears in her eyes again. "No one, not even you, has this problem! In fact, I can't think of a single time I've seen you in such a compromised position!"

"You must not remember Budapest very well then," he said roughly. "Where are you even going?"

"SHIELD. Phil said he wanted to see me," she said. Clint moved out of her way.

"I expect you back by dinner," he said firmly. She nodded once before she sped off.

"CLINT!" Everyone shouted.

"She needs to clear her head," he answered.

WHEN SHE REACHED SHIELD....

Natasha parked in her personal spot, and saw Agent Phil Coulson waiting for her. He silently motioned for her to follow him. They walked in silence bac to his office, where she sat on the couch. Phil hit the button that turned his office into a dead zone, making sure they were completely alone and all security cameras were off before he spoke. "What's going on?"

"You swear no one can hear us?" She asked. Phil nodded. "I um... I might have a problem. And it's so hard to voice it Phil."

Phil frowned. She only called him Phil when things were really bad. "Natasha, you know you can tell me anything. I assure you it will stay between us," he promised.

She nodded. "I... I've been wetting the bed," she whispered. Phil let out a sigh, expecting it to be much worse.

"Tasha it's okay. It happens to all of us at some point," he assured her.

"Not every single night!" Natasha said angrily. "It doesn't even happen to Tony like that. Only when he has nightmares, which isn't that often anymore."

Phil remained calm. She wasn't normally this open, which lead him to believe she really was at her end with it. He was about to offer her some solutions when someone banged on the door.

"COULSON!" Director Fury snapped. "We have a situation!"

"Shit," he swore, opening the door. "What kind?"

"An Avengers kind! Now get her suited up and out there before whatever the hell kind of monster this is tears this city apart!" And with that, he left. Natasha sighed, shifting uncomfortably in place.

"I'm gonna assume the others are already out there," she mumbled. She stood, stretched a little, and followed Coulson to the debriefing room. She grabbed her spy suit (the one made of normal grey fabric instead of her leather one), and went to change.

MEANWHILE ON THE STREETS OF NEW YORK:

"FUCK WHERE THE HELL IS TASHA?!" Clint screamed as he started shooting arrows at the robots decending from above.

"I'm on my way!" She said over the comm. "And I thought we had a talk about language Barton."

"Save it you two," Steve interjected, throwing his shield and taking out a few more of the stupid boys. Natasha was halfway there when something grabbed her off her motorcycle. She struggled wildly before it tranquilized her. The last thing she saw before she passed out were combat boots and overalls.

*005*2015-06-06 05:05

Fair warning: this gets kind of needle-y and there is a brief mention of torture in a way, so trigger warning. Also: goes into age play from here. So there's that. But it's really cute, at least in my humble opinion. :) also, decided to update once a day as long as I have updates. :) ENJOY!!!

Chapter 4:

As Natasha came to, a few things became clear. One, she was completely bound to the chair. Two, she was hooked up to an IV. And three, she had to pee EXTREMELY bad. She shifted and tried to cross her legs, but they were tied to the legs of the chair.

"Ah, I was hoping you would awake soon," a sinister voice said from across the room. Natasha looked up.

"Who are you?" She asked, though she sounded a lot shakier than she had intended.

"Why, I am the one who created this beautiful chaos," he said, stepping forward. He looked like a toddler in the body of a man. He had on shortalls, a red T-shirt, and his body was somewhat thin and spindly. He had curly black hair and brown eyes. "My mama gave me the tools to do this. She said as long as I'm happy, she's happy."

"Y-you'll never get away with this," Tasha said, again more scared than she wanted to sound.

"Perhaps," he admitted. "But I doubt they'll be able to fix you once I'm done." He grabbed a syringe full of pink liquid. "This serum is that of my own design. You should quite like the affects. Oh but first..." He gently pressed her belly. She gasped as her bladder released against her will, flooding her spy suit, and her combat boots, and leaving a gigantic puddle underneath her butt and the chair. "That's better." He stabbed the syringe into her arm and emptied its contents into her bloodstream before he left her. She fell asleep crying, completely humiliated.

ON THE FIELD:

"FUCK!" Barton swore again. "Where is she?! Where is she?!"

"Clint, breathe," Phil and Steve told him. "We'll find Natasha. She's probably taken care of the dude who captured her and is on her way now, right Tony?"

"Sure," he said. He and Hulk had found her bike, and Hulk had sniffed out the trail. They found an old warehouse somewhere south of the battle. Tony quickly broke the lock with his repulsor beams and Hulk smashed down the door. They quietly flicked on the light. Natasha whimpered and opened her eyes.

"Tash? We're here," Tony said gently, lifting his faceplate. "It's okay."

Natasha saw him and Hulk and burst into tears. "DADDYY!" She wailed.

*006*2015-06-07 02:40

New update. Lots of age play. Like in every chapter from here on out. :) it's really cute, so ENJOY. :)

Chapter 5:

"Shh, Tasha it's okay," Tony said. This only resulted in her crying harder. "Cap? We've got a situation."

"Where are you?" He asked.

"An old warehouse. She says she wants Daddy," he informed them. Steve looked at Clint.

"I am going to murder the bastard that did this to her," he growled, grabbing his bow and stomping off as Tony gave them his exact location.

"Shh, Tasha it's okay," Tony tried again. "Um, Daddy's coming, but he wanted me to come see you first."

Natasha looked up at him with watery eyes. "Weally?" She asked.

Tony nodded. "He said to come get you out of trouble," he cooed. "Now let's see... How about we take this silly little IV out hmm?" Natasha burst into tears again. "Okay okay no touching that. But how about we... Untie your legs?" Natasha settled at that and nodded. Tony made quick work of the knots at her legs when he realized it: she had wet herself.

"I'm here!" Clint announced, completely flabbergasted by what he saw.

"Daddy!" Natasha squealed.

"What the f-"

"Don't swear in front of the child!" Phil said. "Hi Tasha."

"Uncle Phil!" She squealed. "Where's Mommy?"

"She had to work today," Phil said, as if all of this were completely normal. "Can I take out that little thing in your arm?"

Natasha nodded. "Will it hurt?" She asked.

"Nope. Mister Steve, can you get the medic and an ambulance here please?" Phil asked Steve. Steve shook his head to try and clear it, and nodded. As soon as he left he turned to Tony and hulk. "You two go help Steve. I need to talk with them alone."

Tony nodded. "Come on big guy. Let's go find you a nice soft blanket for Bruce," he said. Hulk huffed in agreement and left.

Tasha shifted around uncomfortably. "Uncle Phil?" She said.

"Yes darling?"

"Had an oopsie," she said with a blush. Phil looked her over. Her spy suit was drenched from the waist down, and she was shivering from the cool dampness surrounding her.

"It's okay," Clint said, coming out of his stupor. "Accidents happen." Phil took out the IV, using a scrap of fabric that he found to stop the bleeding. The medics arrived then, just as shocked as everyone else had been. Phil untied her arms and she stumbled over to Clint.

"Shh, I'm right here angel," he said. He didn't know what was going on, but she obviously needed the comfort a small child would. He exchanged a look with Phil, and they both knew she had been compromised in a way that was completely foreign to all of them.

*007*2015-06-08 03:15

Chapter 6:

"It's like something straight out of The Hunger Games," the doctor said. Once they had arrived at SHIELD, and after a lot of gawking, the medic team had set to work. They found Natasha new dry clothes (which Phil had had to dress her in), and after a lot of begging and a few stickers, they had gotten some blood and urine to examine. She was now coloring happily, while Phil and CLINT watched. Clint had demanded no one else see Natasha like this, because he knew if she snapped out of it- and he was hoping she would- she would kill them if they saw her. Literally.

"In English?" Clint begged.

"The long and the short of it is that she's mentally a two-and-a-half year old," The doctor explained. "She's associated you with her father, but I have no clue who she thinks her mother is."

"What about the-"

"Accident? The serum could have caused it. She wasn't dehydrated thank God. But expect a lot more of them," she explained. "We're dealing with a toddler here. I don't know if she'll get past it on her own but I would doubt it. She may have to re-grow-up."

Phil rubbed Clint's shoulders. "We'll get through it," he assured his boyfriend.

"How?! None of us know the first thing about kids!" He exclaimed. "And she won't let anyone besides me, you, and whoever the hell 'mommy' is near her!"

"Agent Barton, breathe," the doctor said. "Kids aren't hard. They're just tiny people. And most kids are shy around new people. Just give it time. And bring her back in two weeks for another assessment, alright?" Clint nodded, watching the doctor leave.

"Can we go home now?" Tasha asked.

"Almost," Phil cooed. "You need to try and go potty and Daddy and I have to go see Mister Fury. Can Uncle Steve come sit with you while we do that?"

Tasha whimpered. "Why can't I come?" She asked sadly.

"Because it's just for grown-ups honey," Clint said. "And besides, Uncle Steve is fun."

"....does he like to color?" She asked. Phil nodded. "I guess he can come then."

"Good girl. Now let's try and go potty first," Phil said.

Natasha shook her head defiantly. "I don't have to!" She said firmly. "I went for the doctors a little bit ago!"

Clint rubbed his temples. "Alright alright," he relented. He went to go find Steve.

IN LE WAITING ROOM...

"No Tony we can NOT give her alcohol!" Steve argued. He'd figured she was a small child in some way or another. Clint cleared his throat.

"How is our little brat?" He asked, earning him a slap on the head. "Hey!"

"The doctors think she's about two," Clint sighed. "And guess who she thinks is daddy?" Tony fell over laughing. Clint just rolled his eyes and continued. "Fury wants to talk to me and Phil and the only person she trusts to sit with her is you."

Steve nodded, following them back. "Just breathe Clint," he said, placing a hand on his shoulder.

Clint sighed in frustration. "I don't know the first thing about kids Cap, and now I have to raise one!"

"And you'll have all of us behind you," Steve assured him. "We'll figure it out."

"I just want to know who Mommy is," Clint sighed, stopping in front of the room. "She's really really shy. And she doesn't like to speak up, so pay attention to her little signals, okay?"

"I promise, we'll be fine," Steve assured him. Clint slowly opened the door.

"Daddy!" Tasha squealed.

"Hey princess," he said with a smile. "I brought Uncle Steve to play."

"Hey Tasha," Steve said. She scooted away nervously. "It's okay. I hear you like to color."

"Uh huh," she said softly. "Do you?"

Clint smiled and watched as the two began drawing, Natasha giggling. He turned and followed Phil down the hall, coming face to face with a fuming one-eyes director. "Sit," he growled.

*008*2015-06-09 02:45

My computer is finally working! :D I should be able to work on ALL my stories now. Here's an update on this one for now. :)

Chapter 7:

"Director," Phil said calmly. Clint frowned deeply, sitting next to his lover.

"What happened out there to cause one of my best agents to not only piss herself, but to act like a damn infant?" He growled.

"One, she couldn't help it. Two, she was compromised, and three, even your medical team isn't even sure. And I don't appreciate you talking about my best friend like that!" Clint snapped.

Fury glared at him with his one good eye. "I'll see if Reed Richards can take a look into it. In the meantime, keep her out of view from the public," He said firmly, before standing and stalking out of the room.

Clint huffed. "I doubt he'll even know-"

"He may have more insight," Phil said. "And Thor is expected later this week according to Doctor Foster. He might have some insight too. All we can do is just take care of her until then."

Clint huffed and stood. "Did she tell you anything before this went down?" He asked.

"She told me she had been struggling with a bed-wetting issue," Phil said. "She said it happens every night, and I'm going to assume that will only intensify now."

Clint groaned as they walked back to Tasha. "If Tony says one word about anything I am personally whooping his ass myself."

"You'll have to get in Line, I think Pepper would echo your sentiments," Phil said as he walked into the little hospital room.

"Look Daddy! Me and Uncle Steve made you a picture of us!" She said, bouncing off the bed and running over to him.

"It's beautiful sweetheart," Clint cooed, scooping her up. "And guess what? Now it's time to go home."

"Yay! Can Uncle Steve come too?" She asked.

Steve couldn't help but beam. "Of course doll. We actually live together you know."

"Like a sleepover?" Natasha asked.

Phil chuckled behind her. "Kind of," he said. "Now do you need to go potty before we leave?"

"Noo," Tasha whined, burying her face in Clint's shoulder.

"Alright then, let's get the others then," he said, carrying Tasha to the tiny waiting area.

*009*2015-06-10 03:43

Chapter 8:

As they reached the tower, Tony was losing his patience with Natasha's incessant babbling about Bubbles and Barbies and Big Bird. In fact, the only reason he hadn't snapped completely was because Steve had threatened to tell Clint about all the nightmares after the battle of New York that Steve had had to help Tony clean up from.

Bruce on the other hand, was fairly alert after the transformation and was enamored with little Tasha. He promised to show her all the good episodes of Sesame Street when they got back. Finally, as they all piled inside the common room, Natasha began to dance in place.

"Something wrong Tasha?" Bruce asked, seeing her potty dance.

She shook her head stubbornly. "Wanna watch Big Bird!" She whined.

"What's the magic word?" Clint said firmly.

"Please?"

Bruce nodded and patted her head. "JARVIS, do you mind pulling up some nineties Sesame Street episodes please?" He asked.

The TV flashed on and Natasha smiled and parked herself on the couch, wiggling with her hands in her crotch as she watched.

None of the "grown ups" noticed though, because they were trying to give CLINT a crash course in parenting a toddler.

"We're gonna have to get toys and probably bars for her bed," Steve said. "And it wouldn't kill you to have some protection until we can sufficiently potty-train her."

"What about eating and drinking and bathing?" Clint asked.

"She'll probably need help with all of it," Bruce said. "We should get some sippy cups and kid-friendly silver wear and plates. Bedtimes need to be set too."

"And house rules!" Tony interjected.

"Tony she's supposed to be about two. As long as we keep her away from the lab she should be-"

Natasha started crying loudly again from the couch, sending all five men running to see what was wrong. "Oh sweetie," Phil cooed, scooping her up when he saw the accident. "It's alright."

"That couch cost-"

"SHUT IT TONY!" Clint roared. "She can't help it!"

"I don't care she's a grown-"

"Enough," Bruce said firmly, which was out of character for him. "Tony she's a small child stuck I the body of an adult. Did you never have accidents growing up?" The silence and blush he was met with prompted Him to continue, "then don't even start. Phil, you and Clint get her in the bath."

"Want Mommy!" Tasha sobbed.

"Shh, Mommy's at work sweetie," Clint cooed.

"She always comes to visit AFTER work though!" Tasha cried. Clint and Phil exchanged a look.

"I'll call Pepper, she'll know what to do," Steve said. "Bruce, you and bozo clean the couch. Move out team."

"Shh, it's alright, no one is mad," Phil cooed, carrying her to the bathroom. Clint followed behind, watching Phil carefully as he sat her down in the bathroom. "Let's clean up, yeah?"

Tasha nodded slowly. "Okay Uncle Phil," she relented.

*010*2015-06-11 19:37

Well, I should have a lot more motivation NOW. -.- anyways, update. Enjoy I guess..

Chapter 9:

"Really Tony, you're being ridiculous," Bruce said as he scrubbed the couch with the one cleaning product Tony had actually let him use on the couch, that Bruce honestly thought cost too much. "She's just a child."

"Yes, she's fine Pepper," Steve said from the kitchen. "A little worse for the wear, but Clint.... Yes, I'll be sure to tell them. Alright, we'll see you around six." With that, Steve hung up the phone. "She's on Tasha's side Tony."

"That's just cuz they're bed bugs," he mumbled with a huff.

"Am I sensing some sibling rivalry?" Bruce teased lightly.

Tony blushed before hurrying out a "No!"

"Oh I think that's a yes," Steve chuckled. "Someone's quite jealous."

"Am not!" Tony said, stomping his foot.

"Hey hey hey, relax hot shot," Bruce said, rubbing his shoulder. "It's hard when you're not the center of attention anymore. And bedbugs?"

Tony whimpered. "Pepper has been dating Natasha for nine months," he said softly.

Bruce and Steve looked at each other. "Mommy," they said at the same time.

"JARVIS, mind telling CLINT about this little tidbit about Agent Romanoff and Miss Potts?"

"Gladly," The AI responded.

Tony shifted a bit uncomfortably. "Pepper's gonna be mad I told on her," he whimpered.

"Nonsense Tony, we needed to know," Bruce said. "Is there anything ELSE you know that might be helpful?"

Tony whimpered and shifted more, slowly beginning to potty dance. "Nope! Now if you will excuse me, I believe I have some work to attend to in the lab."

Bruce watched him toddle off and sighed. "JARVIS, keep an eye on him for me."

"Absolutely," the AI replied.

MEANWHILE....

"Seriously, what do we put her in?" Clint asked. "It's not like she really owns anything toddler-" he stopped when he found footies in her size buried at the bottom of her pajama drawer.

"Tigger!" She said, seeing them.

"Just put them on her," Phil said, trying to control the squirming girl in her arms.

"And what do you suggest we put UNDER them?" Clint asked, tossing Phil the pajamas.

"Just let her go commando," Phil said. "I'll go out and get something for her later."

Clint nodded. "Now Tasha, you HAVE to tell us when you need to go potty," he said, sliding the footies up her legs.

"But it's so hard! And Big Bird is more fun," she whined.

"But it's not hard to push pause," Clint said, doing the Jammie's up. "And it's easier to go potty than to clean up after an accident. Promise me you'll try and go next time, okay?"

Natasha huffed. "Okay Daddy," she pouted.

"Good girl. Now let's go watch Big bird," he said, scooping her up.

"Yay!" She squealed.

*012*2015-06-12 01:08

{{: 

Me gusta

}}

Good me gusta or bad me gusta? :)

*014*2015-06-18 20:31

Okay so this one is really short and kind of sucks. :/ I'm sorry in advance. I am also kind of restricted to mobile again, since my computer isn't charging. :/ we'll see how this works. Anyways, here's an update. The next one is hella cute, I promise!

Chapter 10:

Tony danced in place in the lab. It wasn't fair! Tasha was HIS Mommy. She wasn't supposed to be the baby. He whined as he felt his bladder throb. Mommy always told him when to go potty too. He gasped as he slowly began to have an accident.

"Just add insult to injury why don't we?" He grumbled. He didn't try to fight it; he had been stubborn and had refused to put on a pull-up that morning when Tasha- when MOMMY- came to wake him up this morning. He began to cry as he finished. He wanted Mommy Tasha back! He panicked when he heard the doors open, glancing up to see Bruce.

"Easy Tiger," he said gently. "JARVIS told me to come check on you."

Tony sniffled. "I-I'm fine," he mumbled.

"No, you clearly are not," Bruce said. "What's going on in your genius little brain, hmm?"

Tony couldn't help it and burst into tears again. "It's not fair! I'm the baby! Not Momma Tasha! I'm the baby! Me me me!" He sobbed.

Bruce quietly made his way over to Tony and hugged him. "Shhh, you should have told me," he cooed.

"Yeah, cuz it's so easy to tell someone that the great Tony Stark is into age play," he sniffled.

"Hey, there are worse ways to cope," Bruce said, playing with his hair. "Just breathe Tony."

Tony hiccuped and shifted uncomfortably in his wet clothes. "I just- want- Mommy," he sobbed.

"Shhh, Tasha should be back to normal soon," he said quietly. "Unless there was someone else..?"

"Pepper," he whimpered. "JARVIS? Clear her-"

Bruce clamped a hand over his mouth. "Disregard that one JARVIS," he said. "Tony, I know its hard without her, but..."

"But what?" He asked nervously.

"But... Let's just take this one step at a time, alright? Let's start with a bath," Bruce suggested.

*015*2015-06-19 20:49

This one is kind of adorable in my humble opinion. :) let me know what you think!

Chapter 11:

"Reed says he can take a look at her tomorrow," Tony informed the team at dinner. Pepper and Clint were trying to feed Tasha a grilled cheese while everyone else enjoyed some of Bruce's curry.

"Tasha come on, eat," Clint said, almost begging.

She shook her head. "I don't like it!" She said with her mouth as closed as she could keep it.

"Tasha, if you don't eat dinner than you have to go straight to bed with no story," Pepper said firmly. It always worked on Tony.

"Noo! I wanna story!" She whined.

"Then eat your dinner," Pepper said firmly. Natasha pouted but there wasn't any more trouble after that. She and Tony ate messily, earning them a few sighs and giggles.

"Phil, would you mind going to the store for me after dinner?" Pepper asked. "We're going to need a few things for Natasha tonight."

"Absolutely," Phil smiled.

"Oh and Tony? I want to see what yo did in the lab today," Pepper said. Tony perked up at that, as that happened to be their code for "little time."

The rest of the meal passed quietly, Natasha making a mess of herself.

Clint sighed as Natasha giggled and ran away when he tried to clean her up. "Come back here!" He said as he ran after her with a wet washcloth.

"Just grab some pull-ups and some juice, I think we're out," Pepper explained to Coulson.

"What about a bottle or a sippy cup?" He asked.

"I think we have one around," she said calmly.

"I don't think he's going to want to share though," Phil whispered. Pepper paled slightly before regaining her composure.

"Well whether he wants to or not is beside the point," Pepper huffed, before turning to Clint. "Get her in the bath for me."

"But Mommy!" Tasha whined.

"No butts little lady," Pepper said firmly. "Get in the bay with Daddy, and then we can snuggle and read a story before bed, okay?"

Natasha pouted but let Clint carry her to the bathroom. Phil took his keys and wallet and headed toward the elevator while Bruce did the dishes. That left Pepper and Steve.

"Can you help me with something?" Pepper asked.

Steve winced but nodded. He had a feeling he knew what was coming. Pepper quietly lead him down to the lab, where Tony was already digging around a Lego bin. He promptly looked up when he heard the lab doors open and frowned.

"I thought we were gonna play," he said tensely. "We ALWAYS play after dinner!"

"I know we do sweetie," Pepper said calmly. "But Tasha needs more help tonight."

"You don't love me anymore, do you?!" Tony snapped. "She's more important than I am, isn't she?"

"Tony you know that isn't true," Pepper, said, wrapping the boy in a hug. "I know you're jealous, but Tasha can't help what happened to her. How would you like it if I left you all alone when you needed a change or a drink, hmm?"

"Bad," Tony mumbled against Pepper.

"Alright, so how do you think Tasha will feel if I don't help her?"

"That's different! She has Clint too!"

"Well what if I helped out?" Steve said suddenly, causing them both to look up at him.

"You'd really be willing to do that?" Tony asked, a bit skeptical.

"I mean... I love little kids and... And Tasha's fun but she's a girl and you..."

"Would you be willing to try Tony?" Pepper asked, cutting off Steve's babbling. Tony looked at Steve, then at his mommy, and nodded slowly.

"Will you still tuck me in tonight?" He asked.

"Of course sweetie," Pepper cooed, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Steve will just play with you and help you get ready for bed. He knows the routine."

"I promise, I'm just here to help until Tasha gets better," Steve promised. Tony nodded slowly.

"Wanna play Legos?" He asked. Steve smiled and nodded. Pepper breathed a sigh of relief and grabbed a sippy cup before she went back upstairs.

*016*2015-07-04 04:56

BE WARNED: this isn't one of my better updates. :/ I also haven't had access to a computer to properly work on this until now and I've got the scraps from what I did on my phone sort of knitted together. Anyways, yeah. Next chapter should suck a LOOOOOOT less. :P Just read.

Chapter 12:

The mess Pepper was met with in the bathroom was considerably less adorable. CLINT was soaked through and water was everywhere.

"Are you sure they gave you the right age?" Pepper asked as she pulled out some extra towels.

"I don't know, but I do know a little girl in big trouble," he said firmly. Natasha whimpered and Pepper glared at Clint before turning back to face her.

"Tasha, why did you make a water mess?" Pepper asked firmly.

"Cuz Daddy and I was splashin a little and it was fun and then I tried to make big splashes," Tasha said, shivering slightly.

"Lets get you out," she relented. "Honey you cant make big splashes. It makes a big mess that Daddy or I have to clean up. Do you understand baby?"

"Yes Mommy," Tasha said as she rubbed her eyes. "I sleepy."

"How about I fix you some juice and you and Daddy cuddle, hmm?" Pepper offered.

"No! Wan' Mommy cuddles!" She whimpered.

Clint sighed. "I'll go see if Phil is back yet," he said quietly.

Pepper nodded and carried Tasha to their bedroom. She set her on the bed while she dug out pajamas.

"Mommy?" Natasha finally said.

"Yes darling?" Pepper answered.

"M'sowwy I was bad," she said sadly.

Pepper looked up to see tears in the poor girl's eyes. "Oh honey I forgave you before you even asked," She said with a quick kiss to the cheek, sliding a nightgown over Natasha's head.

"I'm a bad girl Mommy I'm sorry please don't hit me!" Natasha begged, having a flashback of her time in the Red Room.

"Shh, Mommy loves you very much honey and I will NEVER hurt you. Ever," Pepper cooed, remembering when both Tony and Natasha would have nightmares. "You're safe honey. Me and Daddy and Uncle Phil and Uncle Steve will keep you safe, okay? I promise."

Natasha's sobs slowly turned into quiet sniffles, and it was then Pepper noticed Phil and Clint watching from the doorframe.

"Here's some pull-ups and a cup of juice," Phil said quietly, setting them at the foot of the bed. "We'll give you two some privacy."

Pepper nodded, whispering her thanks as she watched the two men leave.

MEANWHILE IN THE BATHTUB ON TONY'S PERSONAL FLOOR....

"Mommy's never gonna come back for me!" Tony sobbed, cuddling in to Steve's chest. The only way the super soldier had convinced his boyfriend to actually get in the tub was for the two of them to take a bath together. "She loves Tasha more than me. Everyone loves anything more than me! I suck!"

"Language little dude," Steve said, holding the smaller male in his arms. "And you know that's not true. Mommy loves you just as much as she loves Tasha. Tasha just can't do anything by herself."

"I can't do anything by myself either!" Tony wailed.

"You can too. You can build with your Lego's, and you can do science to a level that even Bruce doesn't understand, and you run a company for pete's sake! You can do lots of things by yourself."

"Doesn't mean I want to," Tony sniffled miserably. "Jus' wan' my mommy!"

"And she promised she would tuck you in and tell you a story Tony. JARVIS, is Tasha asleep yet?"

"No sir. Miss Potts and Dr. Banner are trying to calm her down from a flashback," The AI quietly informed them.

"See? She doesn't want me anymore!" Tony said.

"Alright Tony, enough wallowing," Steve declared. "I love you, and until such time as Mommy takes over, I'll be your.... Um..."

"Substitute Mommy?" Tony offered. Steve smiled. He quite liked that title.

"Sure buddy. I'll be Mommy number 3," He declared. "Now then, time to wash up and get ready for bed, okay?"

Tony nodded slowly, still thinking about Pepper as Steve bathed him. When it came time to get dressed though, there was no way he was going to make it easy on Steve. He just wasn't that way. Which was why he decided to run, butt naked, down the hall and hide himself in his closet. Steve huffed, having JARVIS keep an eye on him while he gathered up Tony's Captain America footies and a pull up.

"Tony?" He called as he entered the closet. "Time to get dressed for bed."

*017*2015-07-17 04:12

Okay, so yeah. I know I need to be working on requests or responding to my Roleplays, but.... I just kind of feel.... Like idk, Drained? Anyways, I'm still trying, I promise. I'm like half-way done with another one, and I somehow managed to get three chapters of this story done. :) fair warning: it gets a little weird from here, and also the Fantastic Four become a part of this thing! Yay! :P but yeah. enough babbling, read and enjoy!

___

Chapter 13:

"So explain to me how you got him calling you Mama?" Pepper chuckled, sitting down with Steve and Bruce for some late night tea.

"Literally the only thing that would get him to stop crying was to have his mommy. So I improvised," Steve shrugged. "And how did you get Tasha out of her flashback and to sleep?"

Bruce frowned deeply. "We ended up having to give her a sedative in a cup of warm milk," He sighed. "I'm interested to see what Reed comes up with tomorrow. It doesn't look like whatever happened to her is-"

"MOMMY!" Tony screamed across the tower.

"I'll take this one. You two get some rest, okay? We're bound to have another day from hell tomorrow," She murmured. "Thanks again for your help Steve."

"No trouble ma'am," He smiled, taking their mugs to the sink.

As Pepper expertly made her way down the hall, she realized Steve hadn't put him in the nursery. Shit. That had to mean... Yep. Little sneak.

A sobbing, shivering, Tony lay in his soaked oversized king bed. In all fairness, Pepper probably should have warned Steve that Tony was a sneak when he was cranky. She gently moved to console the sobbing man.

"Shhh, Mommy's here," she cooed, sitting on the dry edge of the bed. When they had first started whatever this was, they were very quick to set up a list of boundaries. Nightmares required no touching him until he was ready. The only exception was if someone was in danger (including himself, Pepper had added later).

"Mommy I had a bad dream!" Tony sobbed, wrapping his arms around her neck. "The water!"

"Shh, I know honey, I know," She cooed, running her fingers through her baby boy's hair."But you're here with me. You're safe baby boy. I promise."

Tony slowly settled down, sucking his thumb as he shifted in his wet pajamas. "Mommy I'm wet," He said sadly.

"I know honey. Come on, let's get you cleaned up, hmm?" Pepper cooed.

MEANWHILE, ACROSS TOWN.....

"I'm serious Johnny, I think she might be the one," Ben, or more commonly called, Thing, explained to Johnny Storm. "I think I'm gonna pop the question."

"Ben, you sure? I mean yeah, my sister and Reed are expecting, but..." Johnny stopped short. "You hear that?" He whispered.

Ben listened closely when something hopped down from the fire escape. "Johnny Storm," it hissed. Thing punched the thing- a robot?- while another minion grabbed Johnny. He burst into flames, but not before it managed to empty a syringe of light blue liquid into him.

"Johnny!" Ben called, seeing the man stop flaming. Johnny looked up at thing, before he burst into tears. "MONSTER!" He sobbed. Ben was taken aback. "WANT SISSY!"

"Um... I'm a friendly monster," Ben tried. "And I know your sister."

"Monster know sissy?" He sniffled.

"Yup. Come on, I'll take you to her," He said. Johnny raised his arms up. Ben blinked before he sighed and scooped Johnny up. "Ya know, I heard this happened to one of the Avengers today," He mumbled. "Sure hope Reed knows what's gotten in to you..."

THE NEXT MORNING AT AVENGERS TOWER.....

Natasha woke with a small little yawn. She was till stuck in a little mindset, but... something was very different. Clint was the first to come check on her, and he dropped the sippy cup of milk when he saw the toddler sitting on the bed, staring at him. "Daddy!" she squealed.

"BRUUUUCE!" Clint screamed.

