Zelda's desperation at the Piccori Festival

Author: facade

*000*2012-06-21 05:24

This story is based on the Zelda game, The Minish Cap. It follows the beginning of the game where Zelda and Link go to the Piccori Festival together. You can see this particular part here

. Some dialog is original, mostly Link's who I had to of course make up myself. Some dialog I ripped straight from the game script itself. Enjoy and please give constructive criticism as well as your comments and shit. I feel this is one of my best works so far.

%zeldamcomo.txt

###

The young teen-aged princess of Hyrule, Zelda, woke up her in bed; her eyes were prefixed on the stain glassed window depicting the King of Hyrule himself as the bright morning sun shined through it, defining its rich colors. Slowly, she opened her eyes, squinting as she caught gaze of the sun's rays coming in from the window before she tilted her head to the other side. As she steadily became more awake, the princess couldn't help but remember that today was special but was at a loss as to what it was that made it so. And then it came to her, like a flash from a deku nut. Today was the annual Piccori Festival! The festival is held once a year to celebrate the Piccori for their heroic efforts in the past years to keep evil out of Hyrule.

After realizing this, Zelda jolted out of her bed, throwing her blue velvet blanket and pure white sheets aside. Excitement quickly filled the young princess as her bare feet hit the red, room sized rug and she made her way to her dresser. Opening it, she picked out what she was going to wear today, her ceremonial dress. It was full-length, with several shades of pink and purple, and multiple seals and symbols of Hyrule on the bottom part of it. Hastily, she pulled off her pink silky pajama top and pants, slipped on matching set of light blue underwear and bra before adorning the dress. On the young girl's panties, a tiny note that was sown into the front read: “This Zelda fan-fiction was written by antifairy of omorashi.org.” Though she never knew what that meant exactly. She also put on her walking boots, since she would probably be doing a lot of it today, a gold tiara with a red rupee in the middle and several other gilded accessories as well as some light blue mascara.

After brushing her long, golden-blond hair, she sneaked out of her bedroom, past her father's and other royal staff's bedrooms and out of the castle. The sly princess often snuck out of the castle to go see her childhood friend, Link, whom she wanted to take the to festival today. As Zelda made the short journey to the town's master smith, Link's grandfather's house, she felt a tiny twinge in her lower abdomen. She had forgotten to use the washroom in her excitement of today's big event. The princess quickly disregarded it for now, and made a mental note to take care of her business at a later time whenever it was convenient for her. A few minutes later, she arrived at Link's house and let herself in without knocking, like she always had when she came to see Link. The smith was hard at work in the next room, finishing up a fine sword that will be awarded to the winner of today's sword fighting tournament, one of the events of the Piccori Festival.

“Good morning, Master Smith.” The princess said as she walked up to him, nearly startling the man as he put his hammer down and looked up to the short statured girl that entered the room.

“Goodness me! Princess Zelda! Did you sneak out of the castle and come all this way alone? The minister is sure to be worried about you! You know how he gets!”

“Oh, don't worry about him! He'll be fine. Where's Link? The whole town is bustling for the annual Picori Festival! I thought he and I might go together. Would you mind terribly?” Zelda looked into Smith's eyes pleadingly, though she was confident that it would be perfectly alright.

“Oh, is that what you're here for? Well, Link was up late helping me last night, and he's still asleep... but I do have an errand at the castle... Yes, that should be fine. Link, time to get up!” Smith called loudly to Link's upstairs bedroom.

Zelda smiled happily and waited patiently for her friend to come downstairs. She had completely forgotten about her bladder and her urge had subsided for now anyways. Even when Smith offered her a glass of milk.

“Fresh from Lon Lon Ranch! Would you like a glass before you two set off today?” The friendly smith said as he handed her the glass.

“Oh, thank you Smith! I would love some!” The eager princess took the glass in her hands, which were covered with white, silk gloves that extended to her elbows. She gulped the entire glass in a short amount of time and set the glass on the table next to her.

A few minutes later, a boy with scraggly blonde hair waltzed down the stairs donned in his usual green clothes, brown boots and a black belt around his waist. Before he had time to realize who else was in the room besides Smith, an excited princess ran up to him and hugged him tightly and smiled at him.

“Link! You're finally awake! Today's the annual Piccori Festival! Let's go together!” She grabbed him by the hand and led him to the front door, not even giving him much time to respond.

“Ummm.. okay... grandpa?” He looked to Smith, waiting for his response.

“Yes. After all, the festival only comes once a year. Go on, have fun! And while you're there, you can do me a favor. I just finished making this Sword for the minister as Hyrule Castle. I'd like you to deliver it to him.” He said as he walked over to Link with the finished sword, wrapped in a blue sheath and handed it to him.

“This is the blade that will be presented to the winner of the competition. Don't lose it. And while the two of you may be childhood friends, remember... Zelda is the princess of Hyrule. You watch over her. Don't let anything bad happen to her.” Smith commanded Link.

“Master Smith, quit worrying! We'll be perfectly safe. Come on, Link! Let's go check out the festival!” The impatient princess exclaimed.

“Sure grandpa! Okay Zelda, let's go!” He eagerly said as he put the sword's strap around his back as Zelda continued to lead him out of the house in a hasty manner.

As the two young teenagers left the house and headed towards Hyrule's town, where the festival was taking place, Zelda's bladder reminded her that it was filling steadily. She frowned a bit as she wished she had made use of Link's toilet before they left, she would feel silly if she asked to go back now that they were already on their way to the festival. The princess would just have to wait until she got back to the castle after they were done at the festival and use the toilet before the award ceremony. It's not like it was an urgent need yet; Zelda assured herself that she could hold it until later and she brushed off the thought as it once again subsided.

“Oh Link, I am so excited! Aren't you?” She looked to Link as she hurried him a long the path to town, which they were closing in on.

“Yeah, I am.” Link replied, but he really wasn't as excited as Zelda was. Though he still enjoyed doing something with his best friend.

As they arrived at the town, they could already see the festival had been going on for a little while before they got there. Festivious music was being played and the entire town was filled with people attending the festival. Tons of booths were set up with plenty of food for sale, games to play, and people telling stories on different topics. Zelda dragged Link to the first booth, one with a story teller.

“Link, there's a storyteller here! We should stop here and listen to-- Oh! I wonder what's over there...” the thrilled Zelda said before she ran off to another location, leaving Link behind her.

“Zelda wait! Don't you want to.. ugh.” Link said as he trailed off, Zelda not even hearing what he said. Link followed and caught up to her. She did this at nearly every booth they came to, not even giving them a half-chance before something else caught her eye and got her more interested in it. As Zelda ran Link around the festival, her bladder had been filling up with the milk she had but she was too excited to pay attention to her increasing need for now.

Eventually, the princess stopped long enough to get immersed in one of the festival's chances to win a prize. A game where you must correctly guess the amount of deku nuts in a jar. As she studied the jar, trying to determine how many nuts were inside, she felt an strong urge to urinate and her concentration was broken for a moment as she squeezed her legs together. Zelda almost wanted to hold herself with a hand but decided that would be much too embarrassing.

“Ohhh.. I have to go bad--” She immediately stopped, after realizing what she said in full earshot of Link and her face flushed a light shade of red. Link looked to her after he noticed her seeming a bit stressed.

“Hey, are you alright Zelda?” He asked, concerningly.

Zelda immediately straightened herself up after Link noticed her. She couldn't tell Link that she needed to pee especially since he would know how bad she needed to go after her little dance she put on just then.

“Yeah! I'm fine!” She smiled slightly and tried her best to ignore her need for now until she got back to the castle. The pee-filled princess shouted out a random number, hoping it would be the correct answer.

“Ummm... 152!...?” She inquisitively exclaimed to the purveyor of the booth, her need to pee wasn't going away this time and she couldn't help but shift her weight around to keep it under control.

“THAT'S CORRECT! WE HAVE A WINNER!” The man yelled as he congratulated the young princess and rang a bell, attracting the attention of the surrounding town people, all fixing their gaze upon Zelda who was startled by the sudden outburst and the loud ringing sound coming from the bell. Her face went completely red as she accidentally let a spurt of urine out of her that dampened her panties a little bit. Instinctively, she grabbed her girlhood through her dress and gave it a quick squeeze to gain back bladder control before she realized that everyone could see what she was doing and quickly pulled it away. Zelda looked down at her dress, she could see a tiny wet spot had soaked through her dress from rubbing against her damp crotch and swiftly covered it with her hand before coming back to her senses with the help of Link.

“Zelda! You won!” Link exclaimed, not knowing what just happened to the princess just yet.

“Yes, congratulations, your highness!” The man behind the stand said as he put out three prizes for Zelda to choose from.

“Go on pick your prize, young princess.” He motioned with his hand over the three objects: A red, heart shaped, glass stone with a golden edge around it, a large red jewel in the shape of a diamond and finally a wooden, painted shield fit for a child.

“Oh.. so I did... woo hoo!” Zelda said, after she got over herself. She looked over the prizes, her urgent need to pee reminding her every second of itself by teasing her girlhood with her hot pee, begging for her to let it go. She dared not make a mockery of herself again and quickly picked out a prize, so she could get back to the castle and realive her aching bladder. None of the items looked appealing to her, she already had many jewels and stones, so she just picked out something she could give to Link. The shield.

“Ummm.... this shield, I want this!” She picked the shield up with her trembling hands and then handed it to Link. “Here! I want to give you a present! Doesn't this shield suit you perfectly, Link?” She said, trying to put her mind off of her nearly full bladder.

Link looked over the shield, as baffled as the guy behind the booth was that she would pick such a thing. “Wow, thank you Zelda... I don't know what to say!” Link said as he took the shield from her hands and stuck his hand through the leather strap, grabbing on to its handle, holding it out in front of him towards the princess.

The desperate princess looked at Link, with his new shield out in front of him. There was still so much to do at the festival, but Zelda couldn't wait much longer. She really had to pee and tried to get Link to take her to the castle, without letting him know her predicament.

“Yep! Just as I thought! You look great! Now, if anything happens, you can protect me with that shield! Oh! I almost forgot! We have to take Master Smith's sword to the castle. Let's go Link!” She said as she hastily led the confused boy to the castle but Link didn't follow her, and instead pulled against Zelda, the jolt causing her to leak a few drops of pee into her underwear again.

“But... wait.. don't you want to stay here, at the festival for a little while longer? There's still a lot to do!” Link stopped Zelda in her tracks and asked. The princess looked at him with depressed eyes as she put all her strength into keeping her bladder from exploding. She bounced around in place trying desperately not to grab herself between her legs again. The poor princess could feel Link looking at her doing a pee dance, moments away from having an accident right there in front of him.

“Zelda? What's wrong? Why are you so nervous?” Link asked her. She had no choice but to tell him, or else be completely humiliated in front of the whole town.

“Link! I'm about to wet myself!” She cried out as tears started to well in her eyes from the embarrassment. Her face was bright red as several town's people and the man behind the booth stared at her.

“Oh...” Link said, feeling very awkward right now, but let himself be dragged by the bursting princess out of the town and to the castle where she could finally use a toilet and release her pent up pee.

Zelda was mortified, but she had to say what she had to say to get Link to go with her. As the two ran, Zelda could feel drops of her urine dripping out of her burning girlhood every few moments; if she did make it in time, it would definitely be a close call. They dashed out of the back of the town and got to the garden in front of the castle. Zelda had ran ahead of Link around a corner and out of sight for a moment. She could no longer wait for Link to follow her, every moment she was losing pee and a bit of her dignity. Just as she was about to pass through the garden, a scrub popped up out of the ground and spat out a nut, hitting Zelda right in her lower stomach. She recognized it as a business scrub, a plant like creature who tries to sell often useless items at inflated prices to unwary customers.

“Owww! Hey!” Zelda yelled as she fell back onto her bottom and a large jet of urine shot out of her and soaked her panties and the back of her dress. She cried out to Link as she barely gained control of her bursting bladder.

“Link!!! Help me!!!” Link was already in sight of the deku scrub that hit her with a nut and he dashed towards it and stood in front of Zelda, who was on the ground, sitting on her legs, and holding her girlhood with both hands tightly. He put up his shield as another nut spat out of the scrub. The nut hit the shield and ricocheted off of it's surface, changed it's trajectory back towards it and knocked the poor scrub back.

“Get out of here, stupid scrub!” He yelled as it scuttled away into the trees. Link put his shield on his back and ran over to Zelda, who was doubled over on the ground.

“Zelda! Are you okay?!” He asked as he tried to pull her up by her arm, but it was jammed in her crotch and she wouldn't budge.

“Link... I... I can't hold it anymore... it's coming out!” She said, crying as she began fully wetting her panties and soaking her dress as well as her white gloves. The pee poured out of her forcefully, like a hookshot's chain being shot out of it's canister, and puddled on the grass beneath her. It made a loud hissing sound as Link watched the yellow liquid squirt out of the back of her dress, going over her boots, wetting the grass and dampening the soil.

“Zelda...” Link said sympathetically, seeing his best friend in such a mortifying situation made him feel horrible. He wished he could do something, but it was already too late for her. She had completely wet herself and her panties and dress were very noticeably saturated. After she had emptied her bladder, she felt a huge rush of relief wash over her, now the she was no longer in pain. She once again felt Link pull her up by her arm and this time, she stood up to her feet, and looked at Link with her tear filled eyes.

“I'm so embarrassed Link, I can't go back to the castle like this...” She said, with a crying voice, looking down at the front of her dress where she was holding herself. There was a huge wet spot stretching from her stomach and down past her midsection a few inches. She looked at her back on her behind, and it too was soaked on the entire area.

“I'm sorry Zelda... it happens to everyone sometimes...” He said to Zelda, trying to console her, though it didn't seem to be working. He tried to think of something he could do and then got a crazy idea that just might work. Link needed to pee too, but it wasn't nearly as bad as Zelda had to just a few minutes ago. So he decided that he could put himself in the same boat as she was now. He felt nervous about it, but he mustered up the courage to try and make his best friend feel better.

“Hey Zelda... look at me...” He said as the crying princess looked to him, wondering what he could possibly want to show her. At that moment, Link released the hold on his bladder and a dark spot formed on the front of his green tunic.

“What.. on earth are you doing!?” Zelda looked with shock as she watched Link purposely pee on himself in front of her. She saw his urine pour out of the bottom of his tunic and soak the entire area on his front until he was empty. Zelda couldn't believe that he just did that, and she started giggling, feeling a lot better now.

“See? I peed myself too!” Link said, smiling at Zelda, who was covering her mouth at the sight of it and giggling through her hands. Zelda just stared at Link's crotch, just now taking in what he did, just for her.

“I.. can't believe.. you just did that...” Zelda said, still a bit shocked, but relieved at the same time. She didn't feel so bad anymore now that they both wet themselves and she wiped her tears from her face and sniffled. This was probably the sweetest thing he had ever done for the princess and she was happy that she had him as a best friend. She walked up to him, hugged him, kissed his cheek and took him by his hand.

“Come on, Link... let's go get cleaned up and changed... the ceremony will start soon!” Zelda said, and the two walked together to the castle, wondering how they were going to explain themselves to everyone when they got there.

*005*2012-06-21 21:44

{{: 

This was really well written and extremely fun to read. I was amused at what was written on her panties:P

}}

Yeah I came up with that little tidbit... just incase.

*009*2012-06-22 04:16

{{: 

You don't seriously mean that people legit STEAL stories here O.o

}}

Not that I'm aware of, but its just incase

