A fictional story set on holiday. - Page 6

Author: RagingPython

*101*2019-07-27 05:16

Sorry I haven’t posted since Wednesday, it’s been 38 degrees in Britain, and my house is just not designed for that kind of heat. My bedroom has gone above 40, over 45 with my PC running. I haven’t posted anything as my life has been a constant battle against heatstroke. It’s cooled off now, but I’ve got a family event today and maybe tomorrow though, so Chapter 36 might not happen until Monday, but chances are I’ll be able to write it tonight or tomorrow.

*104*2019-07-28 21:29

{{On 7/27/2019 at 8:51 AM, huberp76 said:

A really great story. So much to drink but no wee!

}}

{{On 7/27/2019 at 10:19 AM, no u said:

Just binge-read all of this for the first time. this is really great stuff! the story really benefits from the details taken from your own experiences. i hope they confess to each other soon, but i'm excited for whatever comes next

}}

Thanks for the support! It’s interesting to see someone agrees with me on using real life events for inspiration and detail, I feel like that’s what makes my writing style unique.

*105*2019-07-28 21:55

God dammit there goes another hour of writing, just randomly vanished and didn’t save any of it. That was such a good chapter as well... I’ll have to retype it all later. It’ll be midnight by then...

*106*2019-07-29 07:58

Chapter 36: Attempt 3.

I left the bathroom, briefly entering the bedroom to put on a pair of pyjamas, before heading into the living room.

Karen was sat on the sofa; 2 mugs of tea (ironically) on the coffee tables.

I sat down next to her, and pulled her into a hug.

”Are you feeling better now?”, Karen asked me.

”Yeah, it’s nice to be back and even better to not have to worry about wetting myself any second.”

“Good. I’m still sorry I forgot to warn you, back in the restaurant.”

”Nah, don’t worry about it. I’m fine now, that’s all that matters.”

......

”Umm... is there a reason why you are hugging me?”, Karen asked shortly after.

”N-no... sorry.”, I said, pulling myself off her.

”It’s not that I mind, but I was worried you might be lonely.”

”No, it’s nothing... I spend enough time with you to not feel alone. I have been feeling a little off recently though, but I lack the emotional understand to know what’s wrong. I’m sure I’ll be fine.”

”It could be that you’re feeling lovesick. There is someone you like, isn’t there? That’s probably why you’ve been so clingy recently, you just want to be with them.”

”I suppose that could be it... there is this girl... I think I love her, I get all these strange feelings when I think about her, but I don’t really know what love is supposed to feel like. Most people just tend to understand these things, but as with most emotions i lack the knowledge.”

”Well, I never used to understand either. One day, I just realised I... I knew, and suddenly it made sense. I could try to explain how I understand love to you, that might help.”

”Please do.”

”Alright. Well, for one, love is rarely a first sight thing. It’s a slow process, one you don’t realise is happening, until one day you notice that you’ve developed feeling for someone. Often, it’s someone you wouldn’t expect. You start thinking about them more and more, wanting to be with them, even absentmindedly watching them when you’re together. I normally notice I’m starting to love someone when my heart starts fluttering even at the though of them; racing whenever we are together, and pounding when I get close...”

”Th-thank you, Karen. That’s... that’s honestly fascinating to hear. I think I understand myself a little better now. You’ve really made sense of a lot of my thoughts.”

“This is crazy... so much makes sense... I guess I was right, I really have fallen in love with her... I never thought this would happen so soon, but I suppose we have known each other for quite a while now. I need to tell her now I feel on this trip, I’m never going to get a better time than this. I can’t do it now though, I need to create a proper atmosphere.”, I thought to myself, plotting different situations I could get in where confessing to Karen would be appropriate.

“Hey, Rosalynne?”, Karen asked.

”Yeah?”

”We should finish our tea and go to bed, it’s getting really late.”

”You’re right. We don’t want to sleep all day tomorrow.”

I leant forwards, picked up my tea, and drank it quickly. Yawning, I got up and headed for the bedroom. Karen finished her tea and followed me. Both of us were pretty tired.

I climbed into my own bed, and Karen into hers. I was a little disappointed she didn’t try to come in with me, but I was too embarrassed to climb in with her, as much as I wanted to.

“Maybe I can sneak in when she’s asleep...”, I thought, imagining another night with her.

“Goodnight, Karen.”, I called to her.

”Goodnight!”, she called back.

End of Chapter 36:

*108*2019-07-30 04:19

Chapter 37:

Lying down, I tried to fall asleep. Unfortunately, it wasn’t really working. I was tired, it was quiet, I was comfy, but it just felt like something was missing. I didn’t realise what it was until I rolled over, my arms instinctively reached out to hold onto Karen, only to find she wasn’t there.

“Right... I’m on my own tonight.”, I thought.

I tried to fall asleep in this new position, but that wasn’t working either. I felt strangely alone, even though I was still sharing a room, accompanied by an aching feeling in my heart.

“Why do I feel like this? Some unrequited feelings shouldn’t be enough to do this to me...”

“Maybe it’s because I can finally make sense of all those strange feelings I’ve been having around Karen... now that I know what they mean they feel a whole lot stronger...”

Although I was quite hot, I found myself missing the warmth Karen gave off. I wanted to be with her, I almost got out of bed and joined her right there and then.

“No! I can’t just do that... she’ll want to know why and I can’t just tell her... wait, why can’t I tell her? I could just say that I’m so badly lovestruck that I have to be with her... but what if she doesn’t understand? Maybe she doesn’t love me back...”

Worrying, I rolled back over to face Karen’s bed. I looked at her, her perfect smile reassuring me.

“What am I doing? Why am I acting like some inexperienced schoolgirl? Of course I could tell her any moment, I’m sure she’ll accept me, I just... don’t want to do it now. That’s it, I want to setup the perfect setting, that’s all...”

As I tried to convince myself I wasn’t just too embarrassed, I heard the soft sound of Karen snoring. It wasn’t annoying, like most people, but instead it was just cute. It made my desire to be with her burn even stronger, and I felt my heart race faster than it had been already.

“Just a little longer, Rosalynne... when I know she’s asleep, then I’ll join her. I’m sure she won’t mind me...”

......

Shortly after, the near-silence of our darkened bedroom was disturbed by me climbing out of bed. I was quiet, naturally, barely making a sound, after all I didn’t want to wake Karen up.

I sneaked over to her, picked up the quilt, and slid under it, adjusting myself to fit around Karen’s body.

“She’s so warm... so soft... my heart could melt like this! No wonder I can’t sleep without her, she’s just so... comfy...”

I didn’t dare put my arms around her yet, I didn’t want her to be disturbed. I tried to resist the urge to embrace her, waiting for her to adapt to my prescience.

As I predicted, the next time she moved, she incorporated me into her new position, curling around me. After this, I cuddled up against her and held onto her tightly, glad to finally be with her again.

“She feels so heavenly... and she’s somehow even cuter when she’s asleep... I wish we could be like this forever...”

“My heart’s racing so fast I’m surprised she can’t hear it pounding... I can barely calm down...”

......

“I was hoping to save my confession for the last thing this holiday... but I’m not sure I can hold back my love that long. I’ll need to arrange things earlier... probably the day after tomorrow, I want to go to a beach tomorrow.”, I said to myself, before falling asleep.

Chapter 37:

*110*2019-07-31 05:54

Chapter 38:

I hadn’t realised it yet, but I had fallen into another dream, reliving a memory from secondary school. Of course, I was used to that by now, but this wasn’t a normal memory-dream, this was effectively the nightmare equivalent, a bad memory I wanted nothing better than to forget.

I was walking down the History corridor, towards the deserted main hall. I’d just left class, wanting the bathroom.

Before I could take my left turn towards my destination, I heard a shout before the sound of a muffled cry, towards my right on the main staircase. Naturally I ran towards the noise to investigate.

I found the source; my close friend Danielle, Some asshole had grabbed her, IN FULL VIEW, and was trying to grope her! (This wasn’t enough the only time I witnessed something like this, either. I’m not sure what it was with this school but I saw similar things happen at least 3 times.)

”What the hell do you think you are doing!?”, I screamed up the stairs.

“What does it look like I’m doing?”, the assailant called back.

”That’s my friend you’ve got! Leave her alone right now!”

”Why should I? I don’t have to listen to you!”, he shouted back, trying to sound tough. He didn’t release Danielle, but he at least stopped violating her rights.

”Look: I don’t know who you are, and I don’t much care. That’s my friend, so I highly recommend you leave her alone and get out of here. I don’t know if you are new here or something, but I have a reputation around here for a reason. Leave her alone, right now, or I’ll need to teach how I got this reputation.”, I ordered, trying to sound as cool as possible.

”Trying to be a tough chick, are you? I’ll have you know I’m pretty well-known around here too.”, he claimed, still trying (and failing) to sound tough. I found out later that this guy was pretty infamous for sexual assaults, including a few on my friends, but that didn’t matter at the time.

”I said, leave my friend alone! You have until the count of 3 to get out of my sight, or I’ll remove you by force.”

”Haha! Yeah, right! Like a fatass like you could take me down in a fight! As if!”

”Three!”

”You should leave me alone and drop the tough act before you get hurt!”, he taunted.

”Two!”

”You serious about this? I WILL HURT YOU IF YOU DON’T LEAVE!”, the groper continued, ignoring my countdown.

”One! Last chance!”, I bellowed.

Then, there was silence. The asshole at the stairs didn’t move.

”Fine! You leave me no choice!”, I shouted, the fire in my eyes blazing. I charged forwards.

My mind was focused solely on one thing: winning.

I lost all control of my actions, my movements, everything became a blur, moving on its own.

......

Within seconds I was at the top of the stairs, and I slammed my fist right into his chest, hitting him with the full force of my momentum and weight. He went flying backwards, into the wall, and onto the floor.

With a scream of pain, the guy collapsed for a few seconds, unable to move. But he pulled himself back together, and turned to run, with the same shocked ‘deer-in-headlights’ look everyone who tried to fight me pulled.

Before I could swing enough punch, he ran off down the hall.

I followed, pushing into a run.

I could see him, my target, as he darted down another stairwell into the courtyard. I took the same route, trying to catch up. Luckily, he reached his limit much faster than me. With stamina to spare, I ran up close and smashed right into him, shoulder first, kicking him back to the ground.

He cried out in pain, completely collapsed, unable to move. Not wanting to let him escape again, I took a runup, and threw another powerful punch, hitting him with all my strength in the chest.

I could tell he wouldn’t be fighting back any time soon.

I thought I was over, and I could stand down, but a noise alerted me.

”Hey, what’re you doing to Brett!?”, came to angry voice of a tall football player I recognised.

I’d fought this guy before, he knew me.

”I’m ending a fight, what does it look like I’m doing?”, I replied.

”Not against my buddy you ain’t!”, he claimed, and ran towards me. I sprinted towards him as well.

He hit me hard in the face, somehow missing my glasses, and knocking me down. I looked up to him, my face red with rage. He recognised me, and scarpered. As someone who’d fought me before, he knew what I could do.

The sound of the lunch bell echoed through the courtyard, and people began piling onto of classrooms and into the canteen and courtyard.

I got to my feet, and kept running. I caught up to him, he had stopped round the corner for a rest.

I swung at him, and missed. While I readied another blow, he ran into the canteen.

I didn’t want to continue, I tried to stop, but I had no control over my body, my instincts telling me that I had to win, I HAD TO WIN THIS. I threw the door open with a crash, scanning the room for my rival. Upon spotting him I ran forwards.

The room was full of people, I dodged, I weaved, I zigged, I zagged. The asshole I was chasing had no regard for who he ran into, but I did, I couldn’t just hit someone, that would collateral damage and I needed to avoid that.

My target turned off into the main hall, I followed, my lungs starting to ache for breath. I ran down the hall, trying to void the crowds of people, when someone ran out of the Maths corridor in front of me.

I swerved, unable to stop myself, I’d been running at maximum speed and I was too heavy to stop that fast. Trying desperately to slow down, I saw the outline of a person ahead, then their terrified face, and then...

I woke up, screaming.

”No! I can’t! What!? Why!? Huh!?”, I cried, amazed to realise I was in bed, and not in the corridor.

”I was dreaming...!? What!?”

“Oh, why that one...!? Of all the memories... why that one... why now?”, I shouted into the darkness, my mind a whirl of shaken up memories and confusion.

”H-huh...? Rosalynne?”, came Karen’s murmuring voice.

“Karen! Right... I’m with her, in bed. It was just a dream Rosalynne... I was just dreaming. Just a bad dream...”

“Did you have a nightmare, Rosalynne?”

Karen’s soft, kind voice calmed my mind a bit, and I made sense of my dazzled mind.

”I-I... I just had a horrible dream.”

”Oh, what kind? No matter what happened, don’t worry, it wasn’t real.”

”Karen, that’s the worst part! It was real!”

”Oh... you poor thing, you had one of those dreams again where you relive your past while asleep, didn’t you?”

”Yep...”

”I’m sorry, Rosalynne... I didn’t even know you had them with bad memories.”

”No, I do. Especially this one... it comes back to haunt me once in a while.”

”I think I know, it’s the time when you nearly sent that girl through the wall, isn’t it?”

”Yeah... I don’t know why it bothers me so much... we both lived, with some injuries, even though the door we crashed into had be replaced... it’s just, that look on her face as I was approaching her... ever since, I’ve been scared of getting into fights in case I seriously hurt someone else...”

”Don’t worry, I’m with you now. You’ll be fine. I’ve got you.”, Karen said reassuringly, lying me back down and wrapping her arms around me.

”Thank you... I’m sorry for waking you up.”

End of Chapter 38:

Wow, this one ended up longer than I expected. It was originally going to just be a memory-based nightmare to wake me up to begin the next chapter, but then I remembered a real experience to base the nightmare off and I ended up writing for way longer than I originally planned.

*112*2019-08-02 21:46

Chapter 39:

“I don’t mind you waking me up, I’m normally the one who does that to you.”, Karen said to me.

”I suppose that has happened before. You normally have better reasons than just a bad nightmare though.”

”Really? I think that’s a perfectly good reason.”

”Strange.”, I replied in surprise.

”No really, I want to know when you are scared or upset, as I want to help you feel better.”

“Aww, that’s such a sweet thing to say... she’s just so cute right now!”, I thought.

“That’s really kind of you...”, I said, quietly.

”You always do that for me, so why shouldn’t I do the same?”

“Do I? I suppose I do, but it’s not something I consciously think about...”, I questioned, trying to think.

”That’s just a testament to how much you care, you are nice to me without even knowing.”

I blushed, feeling my heart race so fast I didn’t think I’d be able to fall back to sleep.

”R-really?”

”Yes, Rosalynne.”

“Am I really like that? I can’t be... I’m always so terrible with emotions and trying to make people happy, I make an effort to be helpful but I can’t imagine myself actually being good at making people feel better... I’m sure Karen’s doing a better job than I could ever do...”

......

We lied together quietly for a while, Karen was still comforting me, much to my delight.

”Umm... shouldn’t we go back to sleep soon?”, I asked her, not wanting to make her tired in the morning.

”I suppose so.”, Karen said.

We said goodnight, and she threw her arms back around me, resting her body against mine. She closed her eyes, and smiled at me.

”I can’t take it much longer, at this rate my heart’s going to melt!”, I thought to myself.

......

Before long, Karen had fallen asleep, still resting on me, much to my delight.

Part of me wanted to stay awake for a bit longer, but I was so comfortable I began to drift off.

End of Chapter 39:

I was gonna make this a bit longer, but I need to go now so I’m going to just post this now and I’ll probably write chapter 40 tonight to include the bit I had to cut from here.

*114*2019-08-04 20:48

Chapter 40:

An hour or so later, I awoke, still half asleep.

There was an uncomfortable, tense feeling between my legs but I was too tired to realise what it was.

I lay there for a little, until my lethargic mind woke up enough to understand the problem.

”Bathroom...”, I murmured quietly, and tried to get up.

I couldn’t move, something heavy was resting on me, holding me down. But I was still very sleepy, so I just gave in and relaxed.

I was in two minds, my normal human instincts were telling me to get up before an accident happened, and my omorashi-centered side just wanted me to stay there and enjoy the feeling. I decided to try and fall asleep.

Despite the discomfort, I started falling asleep, when a powerful twinge shook through my body, forcing my conscious mind awake.

”Ooh... why do I need to go so badly... I haven’t drunk that much, have I?”, I thought.

I opened my eyes, and immediately saw the source of the problem:

Karen had moved around a lot, and was now lying mostly on me, resting a lot of her weight on my bladder, causing me to want to go considerably worse.

Although my typical instinct would be to throw Karen off, I couldn’t bring myself to do so. She was just too cute, even trying to use my arm as a pillow.

“Aww... If I didn’t have to go so bad this would feel like heaven. I’ll let her lie there until she moves, I think I can endure the pressure for now.”

In truth, it still felt pretty good. The feeling of her weight squishing my bladder was actually really sexy and before long I found myself not wanting to use the bathroom.

......

About 10 minutes past, and by then it was getting really hard to keep still. I kept wanting to cross my legs and squirm around, but I couldn’t as I didn’t want to wake up Karen.

“I have to keep still. I can’t fidget too much...”, I kept telling myself, but it didn’t make things any easier. Despite this, I was still enjoying the situation and didn’t really want it to end.

......

Another 10 minutes passed, I was really, really desperate by now. I couldn’t sit still anymore, I fidgeted as much as I dared, and I could feel the pee pressing it’s way out of my urethra.

“Aah... I need to visit the girls’ room, now! Ooh... but it feels so good... maybe just a little longer...”

......

5 minutes later, and the situation was nearly critical. I wanted to grab myself so badly, I could barely resist. I somehow crossed my legs underneath the heavy weight of my bedmate, and moved my head closer to hers.

”Karen, you’re squishing me. Please can you get off me? It’s pretty urgent...”, I whispered softly into her ear.

Still sleeping, she moved a little, hugged me tightly, and slowly rolled to her side. She was still lying on me, and still held on, (which felt exquisite) but she was no longer pressing down on my bulging bladder.

......

I felt much better without her lying on me, and I enjoyed a couple of minutes of comfort. I still had to pee, the urge was there, but nowhere near as severe.

After this, I reached down to my crotch, and felt the area above it. Rubbing my hands along it, and squeezing down a little, I noticed it was getting pretty firm and protruded a bit.

“Ooh... I’m still pretty full, even without her on me. I expect I’ll feel the full force of the pressure when I get used to note having Karen on me. I really don’t want to pee just yet... I might get up and have something else to drink soon.”

End of Chapter 40:

*116*2019-08-05 21:54

Chapter 41:

I started getting up, when Karen started to move again. I lay back down, not wanting to wake her up. She rearranged herself so that she was lying right next to me, and her head was resting on my shoulder.

“She’s so close to me now... I can’t get up without disturbing her. I suppose I can hold out a bit longer...”

I ignored my desire to use the toilet and focused on cuddling Karen instead. For a while, it worked and took my mind off of peeing, but after a while I was feeling the pressure.

Right as I was about to try and get up again, as she appeared to have settled down, she moved again, bringing her face within a few centimetres of mine, and wrapping her legs around me, completely trapping me between her limbs.

“Aah... I really can’t leave now! I’ll have to endure it. I guess in an emergency I can try asking her to get off me again.”

I turned my head to face her, looking into her closed eyes.

“She’s so beautiful up close. I wish I could be as pretty as her...”

......

I was distracted from the amazing view in front of my by a sharp jolt of pain from my bladder, Karen had moved her legs and shoved her knee straight into the slight bulge above my crotch, almost causing me to burst.

”Nnngh... stay strong... keep it in...”, I told myself, refusing to give in.

I was in two minds again, my instincts were telling me to get up as soon as possible, if Karen was too rough with me I might lose control, but at the same time I was loving the risky feeling of knowing how badly I needed to let some out. A strange, masochistic side of my personality was desperately hoping Karen would do it again, sending another sharp jolt though me, and hopefully causing me to wet the bed, even going as far to desire Karen to lie on me again.

I contented myself by crossing my legs, even if she squished my bladder again I could probably resist it like this.

......

Quite a while passed, and Karen showed no sign of releasing me. Although she seemed to be unusually fidgety tonight; her legs kept shifting around, shaking me in a rather dangerous but also incredibly arousing way, she seemed to want to cling to me worse than ever.

I whispered into her ear again:

”Please let go of me, Karen.”

Karen didn’t respond, but tightened her legs around me.

”Please Karen, I need to visit the girls’ room, really badly.”, I whispered again, not really lying, although that wasn’t the reason why I wanted to get up.

Karen seemed the understand this, and slowly slid her limbs off of me, giving me one last embrace before letting me go. I stood up quickly, careful not to wake her but also not wanting to get stuck again.

......

I put on a pair of pyjamas, the smallest pair I had with me. As counterintuitive as it was to wear tight clothing, I was too turned on to resist it. The waistband dug in to the bulge sticking out of me, and I could feel it pressing harder into my bladder,

”R-right... I need the bathroom.”, I said, and walked out of the room.

I looked towards the bathroom in the corridor, the door was closed but I knew what would await me within. I approached it, and opened the door, and looked longingly at the toilet, but decided to forego my pee and deny myself a break for a while more.

I left, leaving the door open to tempt me later.

I walked towards the living room, and sat on the sofa, feeling the uncomfortable squeeze as my legs compressed my bladder.

I bounced around a bit for a couple of minutes, the previous night’s tea had had a much stronger effect then I intended, but I could handle it.

My mind was so aroused I could barely think of anything other than omorashi, and I decided I should try and see how badly I could push myself. I made one of my massive mugs of tea, like I’d normally drink if my bladder was empty, except it wasn’t, it was feeling pretty stretched.

I sat down on the sofa, after drinking my tea, and squirmed around, looking forward to feeling the extreme relief I’d experience upon finally unleashing the huge quantity of liquid overloading my bladder.

End of Chapter 41:

*118*2019-08-07 03:35

Chapter 42:

I sat there for a few minutes, trying harder than ever to keep still. It was such an exiting challenge to try not to squirm, but as the tea started to hit my bladder I couldn’t stop myself anymore. I had to grab myself and cross my legs tighter. I thought I would burst. But as I gently massaged the area with one hand, and repositioned my legs, it became a much more manageable.

I decided, in a brief moment of madness, to try and see if I could hold on while lying down, so I returned to my bedroom. Actually bending my body to lie on the bed was torture, I didn’t have enough space in my bladder to store the excess pee filling it already, so when I was bent over forcing my bladder to contract I was pushed to my limit.

Luckily I succeeded, and once I was lying straight in bed I was no where near as desperate. It was actually not that bad, I could still feel the powerful pressure trying to force its way out, but it wasn’t a constant struggle anymore, which just left me enjoying the arousing feeling of needing to go.

I had foolishly decided however to lie down on Karen’s bed, with her. At first, I didn’t regret this, it felt so good to be with her, but it became a problem shortly after.

Although Karen is never a still sleeper, she always moves around a bit, she’s not usually this bad. She wouldn’t lie still for much more than a few minutes.

I pulled her closer to me, and reached over her. I felt around her lower body, trying to find the right spot.

Eventually, I positioned my hand in the correct spot just above her crotch, and pressed down slightly, determining how severely her need to pee must be:

Bad

That much was obvious.

It was very firm, she clearly needed to unload a lot, but while she was sleeping she couldn’t. I wondered how long she could go for like this, if she’d even make it until the morning.

I hoped she would, but I would love it if she woke up when I was still in there and then almost burst on the way there! That would be so hot!

I felt around a little more, noticing that she didn’t really have a noticeable bulge, but that she was firmer than my bladder felt even now. It’s most likely because she has a much smaller bladder than me, it doesn’t stick out as much and gets harder as it fills up faster than mine, which has more space.

I moved my arm, still holding Karen close to me, but no longer feeling her lower regions. Karen’s legs were getting more and more fidgety, shaking me around a lot, much to my discomfort but also pleasure.

“Maybe she can’t lie still because she’s desperate, even though she’s asleep. That’s so cute, and so hot at the same time! I don’t know if that’s how it works though... either way, I can’t wait until she wakes up this morning, it’ll be really exiting to see her dancing around!”

......

I stayed lying there for a while, feeling the extra tea flow into my already stretched bladder. My legs squirmed a little, but I was able to resist the urge to move so much it could risk waking Karen.

I realised I should get up. It felt so good to be lying here in relative comfort while also desperate, and I was loving how risky it was being here when I could burst on Karen, but I didn’t want to accidentally wet the bed if I fell asleep.

As I tried to get up, I felt Karen tugging on my pyjamas.

“Does she not want me to leave her?”, I asked myself, lying back down.

She then snuggled up against me and put her arms and legs around me again, although she luckily didn’t press on anywhere important, I didn’t think I could withstand that for long.

“I guess I could stay with her... hopefully I’ll fall asleep soon, I think I can endure it for the rest of the night.”

I accepted that this was going to happen, as Karen didn’t seem to want to release me.

“I’m going to regret this in the morning, I’ll be so desperate!”, I thought to myself, as Karen’s legs once again shook my bladder in a painful but also sexy way.

End of Chapter 42:

*120*2019-08-09 02:59

WARNING: THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS MASTURBATION.

I’ve noticed some people post warnings when their stories contain that sort of content, so I’m going to as well. This is sort of an experimental chapter as I normally write these based off what I find sexy, and this is one of those things. If other people don’t like it, then just skip this chapter.

Chapter 43:

I woke up around 8 O’clock, most likely from desperation alone. My legs were already crossed, and my hand instinctively grabbed at myself while I was still waking up.

As soon as I stirred awake, my first thought was: “I’M GOING TO EXPLODE!”

My body moved on its own, jumping to its feet and clutching at itself. But then my mind fully awoke, and I realised how terrible it would be to waste such a dangerously full bladder.

I loosened my grip slightly, and felt a spurt of pee leak out.

”Ah! N-no...”, I cried out, knowing if I let any more leak out I’d loose control. I’m kinda amazed I held it back at all.

Just then, I was hit with a huge wave of arousal, I realised how totally and incredibly turned on I was.

......

It overwhelmed me, I could barely think straight.

“I can’t take it anymore! I have to unleash my sexual desires, now!”, I thought to myself, feeling the last 2 weeks of unmet urges boiling over and become almost unbearable.

I walked around the villa, looking for somewhere private and comfortable. No where.

“I can’t resist... I’ll have to do it in here!”, I thought, and walked back into the bedroom.

I sat down on my bed, leaving Karen to hers.

”Aah... I have to be quick! Too long and I’ll explode, I’m already so full... Nnghh... I can’t be too loud though, or Karen will hear me...”, I thought, throwing off my now-very tight pyjamas, and exposing my private regions.

I felt a wave of pain run through me, my bladder threatening to release, struggling to contain the ridiculous amount of pent-up pee I forced it to endure.

Lying down, I slowly ran my hand down my body, feeling the protruding bulge extending above my crotch, not even daring to press down, knowing it would just end in disaster.

As I got lower, I felt an even stronger sense of satisfaction than normal, the extreme fullness of my bladder made every touch feel orgasmic... I was so sensitive...

I moved my hand around, pressing, rubbing and touching different regions. Each touch sent minute vibrations through my urethra, each one threatening to cause a flood, but also feeling incredible.

Eventually I found the right spot. I kept playing with it in different ways, trying to find the best feeling.

When I found that, I was about to collapse with ecstasy, wanting to push myself over the edge.

But I didn’t, I slowed down, gradually pushing my body away from orgasm, despite the clear lack of time.

......

I couldn’t stop myself for long, when I was feeling calmer, I pushed myself again, continuing to stimulate myself in the best way, until I was quaking with satisfaction, my limit was being reached in multiple ways at once.

I was on the edge, if I continued I would orgasm and lose control of everything I was holding back.

But I couldn’t stop.

Suddenly, when the feeling of immense happiness was reaching its peak, the biggest urge that hit me all holiday struck.

I felt it all come flooding out, but I didn’t care. Nothing mattered, I felt so good. Better than I could put into words. The last 2 weeks of denial were over.

”Aaaaaaaahhhhh..... ooooohhhh...”, I moaned again and again, trying to stifle it but unable to do so.

......

I spent a few minutes recovering.

“I can’t let myself go without any kind of stimulation for another 2 weeks... I might be able to control myself next time... even though this felt so good...”

After another couple of minutes, I realised the full extent of what I had done. I had completely soaked an entire quilt, sheet, pillow, mattress, and floor.

Naturally, I had to clean it all up, and that became my next priority. Following that, a shower.

End of Chapter 43:

As I thought, this was hot as hell to write. I don’t think it’ll become a common thing, this’ll probably be the only time this whole story, but this was fun. I can’t fully vouch for its accuracy though, as I didn’t base everything off of personal experience, as the method I’ve always used for masturbation is some weird method I accidentally discovered as an 11 year old. It’s always worked, so I’ve never bothered to learn to normal method. Therefore, I had to base some of this off of other people's stories. Hopefully it wasn’t inaccurate enough to not be enjoyable.

There’ll be another normal chapter in a few days, but I won’t be here for 3 weeks following the 14th of August unfortunately as I’ll be in Portugal.

*122*2019-08-09 15:55

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Another fantastic chapter and have fun in Portugal also keep safe (=

}}

Thank you! I’ll try to keep safe out there.

*124*2019-09-05 01:05

{{On 8/18/2019 at 1:30 PM, Apertado said:

Great chapter! I absolutely love how well you convey fullness and desperation, and, on this chapter, desire.

}}

Thank you! I’m gonna write the next chapter tomorrow as I’ve finally got back home from my holiday.

