The Other Side of the Door (Frozen)

Author: gonne

*000*2015-04-30 04:09

I did another Elsa fic because I'm a sucker for her character for whatever reason. It's not as long as the last one, or as detailed, but it was something that I wanted to write so I did it.

The death of Elsa and Anna's parents had only been announced to them a few days ago, and although Elsa had yet to be seen mourning by anyone, she was completely distraught. She'd locked herself in her room, far too unstable to show her face to anyone. The air was icy cold, frost coated just about every piece of her furniture, and Elsa lay huddled on her bed, snowflakes drifting through the air and landing softly on her face. On anyone else they would have melted right there, but on Elsa they stayed pristine. Another tear fell down Elsa's cheek, swiping away one of the flakes and freezing it to her pillow.

It comforted Elsa to know that Anna was close by, even if she couldn't go to her. Anna was all she had left now. Without their parents, Elsa was lost. She needed that one tether to ground her and keep her sane, but having Anna sitting outside her door all day came with its drawbacks. She was so close, and yet so far and It was tearing Elsa apart having no one to help her through this. Anna knew nothing about Elsa's magic, and Elsa needed to keep it that way. She couldn't let Anna see her like this.

It really didn't help that the bathroom was all the way down the hall and with her sister sitting on the other side of the door, there was no way for Elsa to get to it. She'd been lucky the past few days with servants ushering Anna away at times for meals, or dragging her away to sleep or clean up, but today Anna was being stubborn. She'd been outside Elsa's door since breakfast, which Anna had insisted on eating in the hall. It was now almost lunch time, and Elsa hadn't had a chance to use the bathroom since the night before. She groaned and curled in on herself.

She wanted Anna there, but at the same time she desperately wanted Anna to be anywhere else.

She heard Anna move on the other side of the door and Elsa lifted her head off of the pillow to hear better. Was she getting her wish?

"Elsa?" Anna said from the other side of the door. "I have to go to the bathroom, but I'll be right back. I promise."

Anna was leaving the door, which could be considered a good thing if she weren't going to the bathroom. The chances were very slim that Anna would go anywhere but to the one down the hall, which meant Elsa was stuck where she was. She couldn't go to a different bathroom because it would take too long, and Anna would probably be there waiting for her when she returned. Elsa couldn't risk running into her sister, especially since she knew Anna would try to stop her from going back into her room if she saw her. The thought of accidentally hurting Anna again... Elsa shivered. No, she couldn't risk it.

She got up gingerly from her bed, pressing her thighs together firmly in preparation before she stood. Her bladder was very full and just the thought of finding release was enough to elicit a quiet moan from Elsa. But she crept towards the door anyway and opened it a crack. The door to the bathroom down the hall was closed and Elsa sighed. She'd been right.

Elsa shut the door and glanced around her frozen room. Her gaze fell to the chamber pot under her bed, which her parents had made sure was put there when they noticed Anna's habit of trapping Elsa in her room. Elsa really didn't like using it, knowing that at some point someone was going to have to clean it up, but occasionally she would have no choice. As she shifted her weight Elsa found herself worrying that this was going to be one of those times.

She sat down on the chair next to the door and crossed her legs. She tried to think of anything other than how long Anna would be sitting outside her door, but it was difficult with her bladder throbbing at her at every movement. When she heard the toilet flush from down the hall she groaned and let her head fall back against the wall, a crystal pattern of ice forming behind her. After a moment she heard Anna shuffle back outside her door and sit down.

"I'm back," Anna said. Elsa knew Anna no longer expected a response from her. It was so hard not to answer when her sister spoke to her, but Elsa knew it was for the best. She needed to be distant from her sister, and it was for Anna's own good. So Elsa ignored her and took silent comfort in hearing Anna's voice.

She sat on the chair for a while, legs crossed and foot tapping. Her bladder was still filling up and it was very difficult for Elsa to keep still. She gripped the seat of the chair with her gloved hands, frost creeping out from under them anyway. She really needed to pee, but there had been no sign of Anna getting up since her return from the bathroom. Gerda had stopped by to try and coax the younger princess into heading down to the dining room for lunch, but Anna had refused and Elsa had just about lost it. Her entire chair was now encased in ice and as she ran a hand over her bun, strands of hair got stuck at odd angles thanks to the frost. Elsa groaned.

"Elsa? Are you okay?"

Elsa froze at the sound of her sister's voice. It was very hard for Elsa to be quiet now with all the fidgeting, but she still didn't want Anna to hear her.

"Elsa, please. I'm here for you if you need anything. I'm not going anywhere."

Elsa glared. She wanted her sister there, sure, but Anna's stubbornness was beyond frustrating. Elsa felt her bladder push for release and clamped down desperately. She couldn't wet herself, not with a chamber pot right there! But no, she could still hold it. She just needed to get Anna to move.

"Anna..." She heard an intake of breath from the other side of the door. Anna wasn't used to hearing Elsa speak back to her. "Please, just go."

There was a moment of silence and Elsa hoped she would be successful. She was desperate enough to try anything at this point, even though she logically knew asking Anna to leave wasn't going to get her anywhere. Eventually Anna responded.

"No." She sounded angry.

"I want to be alone, Anna." There was a crack in Elsa's voice and Elsa wasn't sure if it was because she was genuinely distraught, or if it was because she needed to pee so bad she couldn't control it. She went back to gripping her chair and squeezing her thighs together.

"I'm not leaving."

So stubborn Anna wasn't going anywhere and Elsa was just about in tears from how full her bladder was. She looked over at the chamber pot again, knowing realistically she would have to use it, but maybe she'd get lucky. She could hold it a little longer.

She uncrossed her legs and crossed them again the other way. Her knee was jiggling up and down and her hands were periodically tightening around the icy seat of her chair. She was beyond tense and she could see the aura of ice that had formed in a large circle around her chair. Why did Anna have to be so infuriating?! She shifted again, pushing her butt further back on the chair.

"I can hear you moving."

"Anna, just leave!"

"No!"

Elsa inhaled sharply. She didn't mean to yell, but she was having far too much difficulty controlling herself at the moment. She looked, distraught, at the snow filled room before her and felt tears spring to her eyes. How was she supposed to control a kingdom when she couldn't even control herself?

Her bladder spasmed and Elsa rocked forward, desperately trying to keep it under control. She felt a slight dribble escape and she shuffled forward, pressing herself as firmly against the chair as she could manage to stop herself for leaking anymore. There was no way she was going to be able to wait for Anna to decide to leave on her own.

Elsa was going to have to use the chamber pot.

She rocked back and forth a bit, preparing herself to stand. It was difficult with her bladder trying to find any excuse to empty itself, but after some intense clenching and shuffling herself to the very edge of her seat, Elsa managed to get up with only a small amount dribbling into her undergarments. She more or less had her knees locked together at that point and did her best to shuffle over to her bed without separating them. She really shouldn't have waited this long, but the idea of using the chamber pot still felt sour to her. She picked it up and felt her bladder make another attempt at release in anticipation.

"Elsa, what are you doing?"

She hunched over, chamber pot in one hand as her other hand grabbed at her crotch, gripping tightly. Just a little longer...

She shuffled over to the other side of the bed, knowing that putting the furniture in between herself and the door would dampen the noise at least somewhat. The other reason she absolutely hated using the chamber pot was that she knew her sister would be able to hear her. What Anna must think of her deciding to pee in her own room instead of using the bathroom... She placed the chamber pot on the floor and had to dance in place slightly as her bladder spasmed again. She was so close...

Quickly she hiked up her dress and pulled down her underwear, squatting over the pot just in time for her bladder to let loose a torrent of urine. She groaned quietly, but the sound was overpowered by the loud hiss of urine spraying out of her. She could hear it hit the bottom of the pot and splash inside the receptacle.

"Are you kidding me Elsa? There's a bathroom just down the hall!"

Even with the noise being muffled by both her dress and the bed, Elsa was embarrassed that Anna could still hear her. At the moment though, Elsa let herself pee. She'd needed to go really badly and now she was finally getting her relief as her bladder emptied heavily into the chamber pot beneath her. She did her best not to moan again from the relief, not wanting Anna to be privy to anymore embarrassing noises. It felt incredibly good letting her bladder empty itself into the rapidly filling pot, but the liquid on liquid splash was louder than her original release. Despite her embarrassment, Elsa knew there was no stopping herself at this point.

She stayed like that for a while, until the heavy spraying died down to a trickle and eventually stopped. She didn't bother trying to wipe herself with anything, instead she pulled up her underclothes and stepped away from the pot, glancing down and seeing that it was almost completely full with an entire night's and morning's worth of her urine. She really had held it for far too long.

"Do you hate me that much Elsa?" Anna sounded quite angry. "You won't even risk running into me so you can go to the bathroom?"

Guilt crept into Elsa's heart at making Anna so upset. She didn't want Anna to think she hated her. Ice crept from her feet and encased the chamber pot, freezing the large quantity of liquid inside it instantaneously.

"You know what? Forget it! If you don't want to see me, I'm leaving!" Elsa heard Anna get up and kick the door before storming down the hall.

So now she leaves.

Elsa growled and threw herself onto her bed. Why did her life have to be so infuriatingly difficult? She buried her face in her pillow and cried quietly, the frozen chamber pot all but forgotten.

*004*2015-05-07 19:43

By all means, don't let the fact that I wrote a Frozen fic stop you from writing one! There's always room for more as far as I'm concerned :)

