Working in Another Town; part one

Author: redguy34

*000*2013-05-22 04:54

My first work of fiction with a little bit of my experience and fantasy thrown in. I may write more in the future. I welcome comments on how to make a better story.

Although this has a male in it, I chose female, because it was her that did the wetting. The male was just a bystander, so to say.

###

A little bit about myself. My name is Joffery, and I am 25 years old. I have worked my way up to a management position in a restaurant, after 11 years of customer and food service. I am the manager of a fast food restaurant, and a fine dining establishment. The compnay I work for has bought out a couple more restaurants and this one is doing very poorly. My superiors have assigned a colleague, and myself to go there and turn it around. It is a 9 hour drive, and I have never met her before. I'll skip the boring stuff...We had just met a couple hours before and she is driving us the 900KM to the restaurant.

"You know the sun's hiding, you can take those off" Sarah's refering to my sunglasses. No way am I going to take them off. I'm studying everything about her. She is beautiful. Dark brown hair past her shoulders. Perfectly tanned arms inside a shirt that reveals just enough of her breasts to make you want more. Tight jeans that show off her amazing bum. No way am I going to let her see me staring at her. I have to work and live with her for at least 2 months, and we have to get off on the right foot.

"Well? Are you trying to stare at my boobs or something? Take them off and be social." Busted-so I guess I have to talk to her. Good thing too, as I find out she is not only beautiful, but is funny, intelligent, and we like a lot of the same things. Oh and single too. Maybe I have a chance after this project is all said and done. We spend a good long while talking-about two hours of driving time went right on by. Then conversation stops.

"Run out of things to say already?" I tease her.

No. I have to pee.

Already? We just stopped for gas. I saw you go into the washrooms.

No. It was gross in there. You guys are lucky, you can stand up to pee. No way in hell am I going to touch anything in there with bare skin.

Well I think theres a town at the next turnoff. We can stop there.

No, no I 'll hold it.

Well, the town comes and goesand it'll be another 2 hours before the next stop. But before long she is starting to quirm. It's been almost three hours since we left, and probably more since she used the washroom. I feel a bit sorry for her-she can't even go on the side of the road as others will see her. Yet I feel a bit turned on.

She starts moaning. " Oh my god. I really have to pee!! I can't hold it."

"There's a building up there a couple miles we can stop there."

"Ow, Ow, Ow! I can't hold it!"

"Oh! I just peed myself a little."

We make it to the building, an old boarded up gas station. Pulling up I just tell her to go aorund back and squat. "Oh CRAP! I'm leaking! I can't hold it any more." She pulls to the side of the building, slams the SUV into park and jumps out.

Then it happens. She lets it go, into her pants and undewear. Hidden from the road by the large Cadillac Escalade. I cut the engine and walk around to the drivers side, and Sarah's standing there almost in tears, in pee soaked jeans. I do the only thing I can think of, and hug her. What else can I do.

II go open up the back and grab a beach towel from my bag and hand it to her. "Where are your other clothes?"

I have some jeans in the black bag, and some panties in the blue one.

I go rummage around and find her clothes. I get back and she's standing there in only her shirt, drying off with the towel. I glance down, and see she's shaved. She see's me, and blushes, "What can I say? It's easier to keep clean."

"Well we are sharing a hotel for two months. We're bound to get to know eachother a little bit more than most co-workers do. Better to happen now than later." She smiles at that. " And now we don't have to bother with changing in the bathroom or anything else now. Now let's get back on the road, we can wash your clothes at the hotel."

"And Sarah!" I yell before we get back in. "make sure you go pee next time we stop!"

"I will" she giggles.

The rest of the trip up there was uneventfull. But there was more during our stay at the hotel.

###

Part two is a bit more...shall we say FUN. I don't know if I should put it up here, What do you guys think?

