First Attempt at Writing - Cross Country

Author: herrokitty

*000*2012-10-05 05:17

A few points before I start:

A. This is my first attempt at writing this kind of story... ever. In fact, this is my first real post on this website, aside from an introduction. So, tell me (nicely, please) anything I'm doing wrong or any faux pas on my part.

B. I thought I'd start with something that's stuck with me from real life, and thus might not be entirely fitting for "fanfic." Let me know if it needs to be moved. This is really based on something that was told to me in passing by a friend. Names have been changed, of course. But, I thought I might base my first attempt on something that hits home for me. Additionally, I've never done cross country running (or really much physical activity...), which is the setting for the story, so if any of you are runners, I apologize for my inevitable ignorance.

Sydney jostled among a fellow hundred runners to her place at the starting arc. There were butterflies in her stomach - she was always nervous before a race. She fidgeted and tapped her feet. Someone tapped on her shoulder. It was Ellen in the lane next to hers - Ellen was her best friend and a fellow senior on their high school varsity cross country team.

Sydney looked jealously at Ellen's curves. They joked they were twins - they had the same humor, they had the same wavy-curly brown hair, the same grey-blue eyes. However, Ellen was definitely the more well-endowed above and below - Sydney was, though toned and very in shape, a stick.

Ellen smiled at Sydney reassuringly, then asked, "You remembered to pee beforehand?"

Sydney stopped cold. She hadn't remembered, and the reminder made her realize that her bladder was rather full. Not desperate full, but fuller than she would like before a race. Ellen understood that face at once. "Hey, no worries, like a third of the people here will pee their pants before the race is done."

Sydney shook her head. Nervousness and her bladder did not get along. Sydney peed before every race, because no matter how empty her bladder, she would always have a little left over right before the race began. As the gun went off at every race, she would have a spurt in her underwear. Usually, it would just be an unseen damp spot on her panties, invisible under the relatively loose blue running shorts that went with the blue-and-white running tank top. In her current state, though... She looked back at the port-o-potties. Everyone was already in position and the official with the gun was already getting ready to start the race. She would not have time.

The beginning of the race was the worst time for this. The course was long and wooded - any of the girls peeing themselves of peeing behind a bush partway through the race was no big deal, they all knew a girl's gotta to do what a girl's gotta do. Out here, though, in the open... in front of the crowd... and the boys' cross country team especially...

Sydney's eyes wandered over to Troy, who was cheering them on. Without his shirt on, either, showing off his six-pack. In fact... was Troy looking straight at her? Ellen burst Sydney's reverie. "Hey, looking at boys again? The race is about to start!"

"Sorry... just keeping my mind off my bladder..."

Sydney had peed her pants in front of Ellen multiple times... and sometimes it was returned. She could be totally open about her weak bladder to her. In front of Troy, though, was another matter.

The official raised his gun. Sydney shivered in nervousness... then the uncontrollable spurt she was so used to. She thought of her panties - purple bikini briefs for running. They were designed to move moisture away, not contain them - not much more was going to be held in.

BANG. The gun went off. Another spurt streamed into Sydney's panties as she took off. This time one bead rolled down her left leg, her shorts absorbing nothing. The panic of peeing while literally in physical contact to four other people only increased her nervousness, and with every step another spurt shot out. Her panties and shorts did a dismal job in absorbing it, and rivulets went down the inside of her left leg, then right. She looked down at her legs - the streams were visible, though her shorts, by virtue of not absorbing anything, had no stain.

The runners began to spread apart as they approached the woods, but not before Sydney passed within a couple of feet of Troy, still spurting. Troy shouted, "Go, Sydney!" He suddenly stopped and a look of surprise replaced his cheering. Sydney noticed him look down at her legs and her face burned red with embarrassment. She took off, running faster to escape the situation - the spurts were replaced by a continous stream, now falling straight down in addition to rolling down her legs. She felt like she could almost hear the pee hit the ground and smell the acrid urine.

30 seconds after that and she held in the rest of her pee, her nervousness over, replaced with embarrassment as the race began in earnest. None of the other girls batted an eye at her or made a comment, fortunately, most of them having been in her position before. The pee going down her shorts between her legs left a slightly darker patch in the shorts, barely visible from behind and in front. Her panties felt warm and uncomfortably wet, rubbing her in strange ways as she ran. Her legs were absolutely drenched, along with her socks and running shoes, which squished with every step.

Ellen caught up to her as they entered the woods and anonymity. "I see you took care of your bladder situation."

Sydney's ears turned pink again. "I think Troy saw..."

"Don't worry about that, the guys on cross country all whip it out in the middle of races and pee all the time."

"Yeah, but..."

Clarity dawned on Ellen. "Oooh... you interested in him?"

Sydney turned pink again and didn't answer. Ellen saw Sydney's shame and said, "I know what'll make you feel better. I didn't get a chance to go before the race either."

Sydney turned to Ellen in time to see a full-force stream shoot down Ellen's shorts. The insides of her legs were wet as well, but Ellen peed hard to ensure pee would mostly end up on the ground rather than in her shoes. The constant running motion helped, though it led to flicks of pee flying off and hitting Sydney's legs. The strong stream made a hissing sound, pattering on the fallen leaves and dirt. The pee left a trail in the dirt and a somewhat visible darker blue stain in her shorts It was like a golf-sized semi-circle up front and baseball sized in the back. Ellen sighed. "That feels better." She followed up, "I hope I didn't get any pee on you."

Sydney grinned. "You did, but I can return the favor." Sydney let out what was left in her bladder, lasting for about fifteen seconds as her shorts were re-soaked and panties were warmed up. The warmth of the pee on her legs actually felt kind of good in the cool fall day, though it quickly felt cold instead. "Thanks for making me feel better."

Ellen shrugged. "No problem. Here's to nylon and spandex for no chafing!"

Four miles later, they finished the race. Sydney had her worst time because she hung back with Ellen, who was generally slower, but she didn't mind - it wasn't an important meet. As she went to grab a bottle of water, someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned around to see Troy handing her a bottle. "Good race."

Sydney tried to act calm. "Nah, it was my worst time. Just a warmup for the later meets."

Troy responded, "Or were you distracted by something else?"

Sydney turned bright pink. Troy winked. "No worries... that was the hottest thing I've ever seen."

Sydney's heart leapt to her throat. Was she hearing this correctly? Without thinking, she blurted, "Want to see it again?"

Troy's mouth dropped. Sydney was ready to run away and curl up. She couldn't believe she said that to him. Troy quickly recomposed himself, though, and took her hand. "Most definitely."

They walked nonchalantly to the woods as Sydney let a stream loose through her shorts. Her panties, long since dried, were re-soaked, her legs warmed, her blue shorts ineffective at stopping the pee. Troy stared at her legs the whole time. As they vanished from view from everyone else, Sydney couldn't help but notice that sweatpants did a very poor job in hiding erections...

