Date Panic! - Page 15

Author: OmoCommando

*364*2014-04-08 03:37

You decide that the best thing to do would be to go at normal speeds. Wouldn't want to risk getting caught by the cops for speeding, after all.

Your poor date is squirming and wiggling frantically in her seat. Alternating stomping her feet all while clamping down hard on her... lower self.

"Eeeeaarrrghh..." she moans. "I think I'm dying."

"I'm trying to go as fast as legally possible." you reply.

"Oh, come on!" she yells. "That's a load of crap! You don't live that far away!"

"Far enough away that a cop might catch us speeding."

Nikki gives you a very menacing glare, "Please. You wanted to have a holding contest earlier." she growls. "We'd better get there soon or else!"

"D-Don't worry! We'll make it!" you assure her.

Suddenly Nikki begins quietly laughing. "You know, we paid for that ice cream and then we never got it."

"Well things did get a little crazy back there." you respond.

"True enough."

"After this, we'll have to go back and get those cones."

Nikki nods in agreement.

You turn at the donut shop then head south down 83rd avenue, the quickest way home from the Silverlight Casino. You maintain your speed of 35-40 kph (roughly 20-25 mph), as per the limit for these narrow urban streets. You then come up to a four-way traffic light. Light's green and traffic seems clear, so you proceed forward. As you're only a few meters away, the light quickly turns yellow.

Think fast!

> Gun it!

> Hit the brakes!

> Try your best to ease into a stop

Current Trust Level: Friendly (but wary of your motives)

Edit: Grammar and stuff ;__;

