Naruto Sees a Movie: Chapter 2

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2011-07-18 13:44

Another Author's Note: Okay, so, as soon as I came up with the end of the first strange story, I saw this one, it's beginning, middle, and almost end. Because I could'nt see it's end I thought it would be DOA. I started writting the parts I saw anyway, because if I let it bounce around in my head too long it'll cause insomnia in me. As I wrote the ending came to me like a bolt of lighning. I still don't think it's great, but it will do. This is not like my last confused dream based story, it is a straight-up despeation tale. It does continue from the last one, and there are references to it in here, so reading the first will make things here make more sense. It shifts perspective to Naruto himself, and the end of the last story overlaps to the beginning of this one. The character that was me is now The Gut From Before, or something similar. Okay, here I go again.

Naruto Sees a Movie: Chapter 2

Naruto returned with the snacks from down the hall, he sat back down and noticed the guy from earlier was staring at him. "That guy I had the accident on is staring at me." Naruto thought. "I hope he's still not pissed off at me, he he, pissed off." He laughed at the lame internal joke he made, but on the outside he only smiled hugely. He took a huge sip, and forgot all about it as the lights went out. "Finally." Thought naruto. The movie started, it looked like an old World War 2 epic. "Cool, I'm going to like this." Thought Naruto.

For almost an hour he sucked greedily at his soda. Then suddenly the urge hit him like a hammer. He had to pee quite badly. "Uh oh." He thought nervously. He thought of just geting up to use the bathroom, but then his stubborn side told him he would'nt want to miss anything and convinced him to stay. "I'm fine," he told himself, "I don't have to go at all, I can wait." As he thought this he crossed his legs slightly. Though after only 10 minutes the sugar coursing through his veins was still working on him.

"I'm still just fine," he lied even more to himself, "I just have a bit longer to wait." He moved his hand to his crotch without being aware of it. At long last the movie reached it's climax. Naruto was at his own also. He was rocking, and squirming knowing his mistake. "Damn, I should have just gone when I had the chance, if I even move a little now I'm sure it'll come out." In his stubborness he had doomed himself to wet his pants again today. The movie's climax involved the two armies charging at each other in hails of gunfire, and shelling. The first burst of gunfire told Naruto what he was in for. "Oh man, this is so bad, I'm not gonna make it. I have to make it." He was determined. He crossed his legs even tighter, and pressed both hands down hard on his crotch.

He fought for as long as he could, but each bullet and bomb was like a punch in the gut, sending shockwaves over his whole body. With each loud, and sudden noise he lost a little more control of his strained bladder, and then had to fight back even harder to regain the control lost. Naruto had the vague sense it was a losing battle. Soon after a particularly large blast revealed the first sign of a threashold appeared as Naruto's bladder leaked a bit into his borrowed boxers he'd been given earlier, leaving a large wet spot. Just as he started fighting back another burst of gunfire erupted and Naruto soaked his boxers fairly badly. He could feel his nervousness increase as his urine ran down his legs, and came to rest underneath him. He decided then to go for broke. He put all his strength into fighting back this time, he closed his eyes and cleched his teeth as he fought with all his might. But just them the biggest blast yet rang out, and Naruto realized this was a vain attempt.

Between those two events Naruto also noticed a feeling. It was warmth spreading over his crotch as he completly soaked himself for the second time today. His eyes bulged wide open in horror of the realization of what was happening. After another big blast on screen he even wet himself faster for a few seconds. However shock, and horror quickly turned to relief and serenity as all the pain he felt melted away. He slowly closed his eyes, and smiled harmoniously as he felt one of the best feelings he ever had. The urine even spilled onto the floor under his chair, but thanks to the loud movie and darkness no one noticed. Finally after almost a minute and a half he was empty.

The euphoria he felt quickly wore off as he snapped back to his senses. He had just floded his pants, and the movie was almost over. He sat in his own puddle in a panic at what to do next. He first listened to his instincs that told him to flee, but he did so slowly. He quietly rose from his soggy chair and crept out the back door. He then stood in the corridor in his cold pants, holding his head to try to manage his own panic and confusion. Then from somewhere deep inside him a familiar energy rose up. He suddenly could think clearly and came up with a plan. He first remembered the showers. He sprinted to them at a pace beyond normal humans. He arrived and seemed to jump out of his clothes. He went in and rinsed the best he could himself, and the newly wet clothes. He exited and was still in a panic. Luckily the energy from before manifested again and hew came up with his next step.

The laundry, he remembered and raced there as well, again rumming at incredible speeds, following the signs. He arrived and threw his wet clothes into the machine for washing, while at the same time removing his old clothes clean and warm from the dryer. As he re dressed he saw a pile of towels sitting there. He had his next plan. He grabbed one, and ran back to the movie room at superhuman speeds again. He stopped and crept through the back door again. He was going to try and erase all the evedince he could before the movie ended. He got back to his chair and began cleaning. Just then the lights snapped back on. If Naruto had looked at the screen he'd see the ending credits. He was caught, cleaning up his own soggy mess, in a very bright room, looking very obvious. The strange energy wasted away at the worst possible time. All Naruto could say was "Uh, hey guys, what's up?" He could have punched himself for how lame that sounded.

Everyone stood there like deers in headlights again until the guy from before spoke up. "Man, twice in one day," he said, "I hope this teaches you a lesson about sucking huge sodas during long movies."

"Big time," Naruto responded, "but that wase'nt the only reason it happened, I guess I'm too stubborn." Sakura spoke next. "You should really start ignoring that part of you, sometimes it's wrong." The instructor was next. "Stop that Naruto, it's okay, we'll just call a profesional to clean that."

"He he, I bet I broke some kind of record with this." Naruto joked. Everyone started getting their things to leave. During this time the guy from across the room approached Naruto again. "I think you did good," he said, "learning to laugh offf your embarrasing moments like that, you're still young and more like them will be on the way." He then put a reassuring hand on Naruto's shoulder and they both smiled at each other. Naruto and his teammates left together. They did'nt get halfway down the hall before Naruto, and Sauske were at it again. It echoed to the ears of the two left in the room. It cotinued until they heard Naruto say he bet Sauske wet the bed longer than him. Then Naruto yelling as he was punched in the back of the head. The instructor noticed the guy from before get a guilty look on his face for some reason.

