Lucia's Holding Day

Author: Apertado

*000*2015-12-26 14:59

###

Lucia's Holding Day

###

Synopsis: a South American engineering student skips her morning pee and tries to go through the day without using the bathroom.

Content: f solo / pee holding / pee desperation

Disclaimer: You’re free to reproduce this text elsewhere, if you wish, as long as you give me the credit.

###

It was past midnight when Lucia dropped the book on the desk, headed to her bed and covered herself with her blankets. She was both physically and mentally tired. Lucia took off her glasses and laid them on her bedside table. A satisfied sigh escaped her lips as she started to get comfy when she noticed a slightly urge to pee. Last time she went to bathroom was at 7 p.m., as soon as she got home from college. She ignored her bladder frivolous need and closed her eyes.

Since she was fourteen she got used to pee only twice a day: once in the morning, before leaving home, and once at the evening, when she got back. That was the age when she discovered that she actually liked holding her pee and that a full bladder could give her amazing feelings. By now Lucia could even hold her pee in for 24 hours without release – if she paid careful attention to her liquid intake. That said, going to bed with a small urge was even fun, so she didn’t take long to fall asleep.

Lucia was taking the electronic engineering program at university. Being a third year student and thus having lots of things to study pretty much explained why she was so tired that night.

She started waking up a few minutes before her clock alarm sounded. In her half woken state, Lucia felt her urge to pee was quite stronger. The liquids she had consumed last night should have found their way to her bladder by now, and her bladder was expecting to be relieved soon. Most of people would immediately get up and empty their bladder. But not Lucia. Slowly, she put her hand between her legs and pressed softly, enjoying the feeling of the morning pee held inside her bladder.

It was Friday and Lucia just wished she could stay in bed longer and simply relax as her night-long held piss applied a pleasurable pressure on her bladder walls. She knew that as soon as she got up the urge would appear less intense. Exactly the opposite of what she wanted at that moment. She wanted to hold it longer. She wanted her bladder to be so full that she had to press a finger on her pee hole to prevent herself from leaking. Merely thinking of that made her aroused. Lucia slid a hand inside her panties and started rubbing herself.

She wanted to be desperate to pee, she wanted to play with herself, but her clock alarm went buzzing and she stopped the pleasurable touching with a disappointed sigh. Time to get up.

Lucia went to the bathroom and started brushing her teeth. As she expected, the urge to pee subsided, as it was, mostly, her bladder overreacting for being too used to being emptied in the morning. She took her sleeping clothes off and entered the shower. Lucia was a charming nerdy latin girl with short dark hair. She was a bit over the ideal weight, but she excused herself that she had too much to study to spare some time to go to the gym.

When she was done showering, she dressed a pair of jeans and some casual shirt, made her breakfast, when she drank a muggle of coffee and a glass of juice. Then Lucy came back to her desk and put her books, laptop and notebook on her backpack. During all this process she was still nicely aware of her mildly full bladder. After finishing all she had to do, that was the moment she would go to bathroom to relive her bladder, before leaving home. But the pressure in her bladder felt especially amusing. She contemplated skipping her morning pee.

Today she had two classes. One digital electronics lab class, which would last all morning long and then, at 3 p.m. a short industrial organization class that would last one hour, meaning she would be home before 5 p.m. That also meant that she would have to hold for 22 hours. It was true that she had held her pee for 24 hours more than once, but mostly on weekends, when she could spend the day home. The idea of departing with an unrelieved bladder was bit scary and, at the same time, so exciting. After some internal debate, she decided to keep holding, as letting out the content of her bladder seemed such a waste. And, besides, she could just use the bathroom at the campus if the urge became too strong.

Feeling naughty and adventurous, she entered her old Ford Escort and left to the campus.

That semester, they were working in pairs on a project to the lab class. Lucia’s project was going pretty well – in fact, it was a few steps from finished. She and her pair, Kim – a short half-asian girl (one of the few other girls in the class, as most of their colleagues were male) – had almost finished the hardware part and were doing some microprocessor programming. Lucia was doing fine, until the middle in the morning. Her attention started to drift more often as the liquids she consumed in her breakfast that were occupying more and more space in her bladder. She fanned her legs slightly, from time to time. The cold and dry air, carefully controlled to avoid harming the electronic devices of the lab, also contributed to increase Lucia’s needs and was also making her thirsty.

They took a short break, and both girls went to have some water from the drinking fountain, while welcoming the hot summer climate after spending half the morning inside the cold lab. Lucia wondered if she should use the bathroom, as she approached the 15 hours without peeing mark, but after spending a few minutes outside the cold electronics lab and feeling her urge to pee decrease a bit, she calculated that she could hold it until she was back home. All in all, the whole idea was too thrilling not to try.

At one moment, back to the workbench, when a sudden wave of desperation made Lucia clench her legs and stay a few seconds staring at the computer screen without really seeing it, Kim rose her eyes from the circuitry she was double-checking on the breadboard and asked:

“Are you alright, Lu? You’re a bit… shifty, today”

“I’m fine, Kim” Lucia answered quickly. “Just need to finish this piece of code to upload it to the processor”.

As midday came their code still didn’t work – mostly because Lucia was getting more concerned about her filling bladder and less about coding. Their classmates started packing their things, and also did Kim.

“Aren’t you coming to have lunch?” Kim asked when she noticed Lucia didn’t make a move to pack her things up.

“No, I think I’ll stay for a little while more and finish coding this” Lucia responded.

“Are you sure? I would like to stay as well, but I have a meeting with professor Velasquez at 1 p.m. and polyphase circuits class starting at 2” said Kim. She was as nerdy as Lucia, and she didn’t like the idea of leaving all the work to Lucia.

“I’ll be fine, don’t worry” Lucia managed to smile, while pressing her legs firmly together. In fact, she didn’t want to have lunch with everyone else as she wasn’t sure she could avoid showing signs of her increasing desperation.

A few minutes later the lab technician, Mr. Cortez, came to the bench Lucia was working on.

“Hey, Lucia, how’s the project going?”

“Fine, Mr. Cortez, just have to get this part of the code to work end it will be mostly finished” Lucia answered as normally as she could.

“Glad to know” Said him. “Are you going to stay here during the lunch break?”

“Yes, Mr. Cortez, I think I can get this working today.”

“Right” He nodded. “ I’ll have to leave the lab to get myself some lunch. I trust you won’t set anything on fire in the meanwhile” He added with a playful smile “As I can’t leave the lab open without being here, will lock you up, while I’m lunching, okay?”

Something of the sudden panic that took over Lucia must have shown in her face for the technician added:

“Don’t worry, I’ll be back in less than an hour. And you have my cellphone number in any case, right?”.

“Okay, Mr. Cortez, I’ll be fine” Lucia pretended to not be subtly afraid.

Mr. Cortez left the lab and Lucia heard the door lock click. Immediately she shoved her hand between her legs and started bouncing on her chair, panicking. That was a stupid situation she got herself into. But she couldn’t have changed her mind after saying she was staying during the lunch.

She would have to endure one hour. Having an accident inside the lab wasn’t an option. She was regretting drinking water with Kim, earlier. And definitely the cold air of the lab sucked!

A few minutes later Lucia had calmed down a bit. Her urge apparently had stopped increasing and she knew she could make it. It had been more than 17 hours since she had last peed, but she didn’t drink too much liquid before bed and only had her usual intake during the morning. Lucia was used to pee twice a day, but rarely she was really frantic to pee by the time she went to empty her bladder. She had developed a good holding capacity since her early teen years. Thinking of all of that, Lucia concluded that she could make it and wasn’t going to have an accident on the lab.

Reassuring herself, she took the hand from between her legs, sat on her heel and went back to programming.

By 1 p.m. Lucia was still sitting on her heel but was more able to concentrate on her work. She thought that it was due being alone, so no need to be afraid of getting caught doing a naughty hold – even if no one would probably notice her distress and if someone did, she could justify that she were just too immersed on her work to bother going to the bathroom.

Lucia was, though, starting to worry that Mr. Cortez wouldn’t come back, but her fears were proved unfounded as she soon heard the click of the door and the technician voice:

“I’m back, Lucia. Everything’s okay?”

“Yup” she said, typing furiously as an idea to solve the code problem just occurred to her.

Half an hour later, Lucia gave a triumphant look to the project as she started to see the project sending correct readings to her laptop. The expression was substituted by a grimace as a sudden wave of desperation hit her and she hurriedly pressed both hands on her crotch. She raised her eyes to the technician but Mr. Cortez was concentrated on his own computer and didn’t notice her sudden movements.

Finally satisfied with the results of their project, and knowing that she wouldn’t be able to finish it that afternoon, Lucia turn everything off, packed her things and said goodbye to Mr. Cortez.

As Lucia was hungry, she went to the nearest canteen to have some food and, wondering if that was a wise move, a soda, as she was thirsty again. 18 and a half hours had passed since she had a relieved bladder.

Lucia went to her class room several minutes earlier than she should and tried to concentrating on reading the textbook. By the time the professor came in, the soda Lucia had was already affecting her full bladder and she was getting fidgety. She could feel her bladder bulging on her lower belly. Wisely enough, she chose a sit on the back of the room, hoping no one noticed her.

The class was a torture. While the professor talked about Taylor, Fayol and their contribution to management theories, all Lucia could think was that she was becoming positively desperate and that the clock was moving too slow.

Juan, a classmate of Lucia, was sitting in front of her and tried to start a conversation with her but Lucia’s short answers dissuaded him and he let her be, much too her contentment.

When the class finally came to an end, at 4 p.m., (and their professor just gave then a lot of work to do until next week) Lucia was the last one to leave the room. She pretended to take her time to get her things packed, but she was just afraid of having an accident when she raised herself from the chair.

Lucia took a deep breath, clenched her muscles and stud up as best as she could. She grabbed her crotch, discreetly, to cope with a wave of desperation, and, as it subsided to a bearable level, she made her way out with careful steps.

Once again Lucia debated if she should use the bathroom before getting into her car. She was bursting, but she had made that far, didn’t she? Besides, she had naughty ideas of what to do when she arrived home.

When Lucia sit down on the driver sit, another wave of desperation hit her and she couldn’t help but let a single spurt out. Lucia panicked, shoving her hands on her crotch and closing her legs frantically. She gritted her teeth as she fought to keep 22 hours worth of stored pee inside her bladder. When the desperation wave settled to a very intense urge, Lucia started the Escort’s motor and left the parking.

Driving home with a bursting bladder wasn’t the funniest experience ever, as Lucia had to take care of driving carefully while trying to contain her piss inside her frantic bladder, but she managed to get home without any kind of accident.

As soon as Lucia got inside her house and closed the door, she rested her back against the door and pressed her hand between her legs to fight another wave of desperation. She could feel her urine trying to escape through her pee hold. But, now that she was home, Lucia intended to deny her bladder that relief as long as she could. She was aroused and wanted to have some full bladder fun.

Lucia lived in a small rented house, not too distant from the campus, like many of the students also did. Her house had a small kitchen/living room, a bedroom, a bathroom and a tiny laundry.

After regaining some control, Lucia dropped her backpack on the floor, beside the small kitchen table and stated preparing some coffee. She poured water in a glass, which she drank and filled it again, taking it to her bedside table. Then, she opened her closet and folded a towel on her bed, where she would sit later, as to avoid wetting her bed if she leaked. She took a sip of the water glass, closed her window and undressed her shirt and changed to a comfy bra, while squirming and clenching her legs.

Lucia headed back to the kitchen to grab her laptop inside her backpack, but when she bended herself to reach the backpack a spurt of warm piss escaped her pee hole. Lucia immediately shoved her hands to her lady parts, while doing some kind of pee-pee dance.

She could feel the dampness in her underwear and that feeling aroused Lucia even more. She looked down and a wet patch was visible between her legs.

Carefully she lifted her backpack and took her laptop, poured the hot coffee in a mug and went back to her bedroom. She undressed her jeans carefully and sat on top of the towel, one hand pressing herself and the other turning her laptop on.

Lucia surfed on the web, reading desperation and wetting stories or looking on pee videos and pics on tumblr. Nothing turned her on more than seeing either a male or a female holding their piss. She was frantic to pee, bouncing and fidgeting, but she moved her hand inside her panties and started rubbing herself, enjoying the blissful fullness of her bladder.

Every now and then she sipped from the mug and, when the coffee was over, from the glass of water and, soon, Lucia felt those liquids finding their way to her swollen bladder. She alternated holding herself and masturbating, her lady bits wet from her love juices and a third brief spurt that escaped her urethra.

By 7 p.m. Lucia was desperate to pee, her bulging full bladder was hurting badly, screaming for release, but even more than desperate, Lucia was horny. When she crossed the 24 hours mark, Lucia decided to reward herself with a delightful orgasm and only then she would grant her bladder the much needed relief. Lucia sped up her fingering movements and massaged her clit, her breathing becoming heavier until she arched her back when she was overflowed with a mind-blowing climax.

She briefly lost another spurt of pee, but she managed to close her urethra and maintain control of her bursting bladder.

A few minutes after, when she was recovered from the marvelous orgasm and her bladder was sending increasingly painful waves of desperation, Lucia got up carefully and took tiny steps to the bathroom.

That was an amazing experience! Her bladder was so full and aching for relief. Lucia took her wet panties down and sit on the toilet. She was a second from relieving her bladder… Then she stopped. Her bladder was in total discomfort, near bursting point, but still, it felt so nice! Lucia wanted to prolong that feeling, but there was no way she could hold it much longer, so Lucia decided to let some urine out, so she could enjoy her fullness without the risk of her bladder giving up and ruining all the fun.

Lucia took a deep breath and let her muscles relax. A powerful stream left her pee hole and her whole body shook with a wave of relief, but that lasted only five seconds, as Lucia then pushed a finger on her pee-hole while fighting to close her holding muscles in order to cut the flow.

Lucia’s still very full bladder tried to continue emptying itself and Lucia felt an atrocious pressure on her urethra building up as she blocked the exit with her finger. It hurt a lot, her bladder was contracting to expel its warm content, but Lucia endured bravely.

When her bladder gave up and understood it had no choice but continue holding, Lucia seemed to regain control of her holding muscles and, despite the intense urge, she took a deep breath, clenched her muscles and removed her finger. A small squirt that remained in her urethra flowed and that was it.

With a devilish smile in her lips, Lucia wiped herself, stood slowly and left her bathroom, naked from the waist below, with an aching and unrelieved bladder.

Lucia besides being desperate, she was hungry too, so she headed to the kitchen with calculated steps and made herself a sandwich. After finishing it, Lucia had a glass of juice, to worsen her predicament and filled, again, the glass on her bedside table with water.

After emptying a bit, Lucia’s bladder seemed to send desperation signals less often. She was amazingly aware of its fullness, and she could feel how filled with pee it was when she pressed her lower belly gently, but the urgency subsided to a moderate level.

So, Lucia started doing usual stuff, taking care to not put additional pressure on her bulging bladder, squirming and grabbing herself now and then.

By 11 p.m., when Lucia was watching a movie on TV, while laying on her bed. She turned off the lights so only a faint light from the TV set illuminated the room. Lucia’s hand softly grabbing herself, and despite all the pee she had inside, she started dozing off and fell asleep.

She even didn’t take her glasses off.

Lucia woke up 2 hours later and immediately had to shove a finger on her pee hole, as her bladder, absolutely bursting to pee, tried to defy her resolve once again. Her bladder contracted repeatedly, trying to pump out all of that liquid in order to achieve comfort again. But Lucia wouldn’t surrender to her bladder pleads so easily, she fought bravely, letting a soft moan of effort out as she mustered her willpower to keep holding. It was a hard fight, but her bladder eventually stopped contracting.

The pressure Lucia felt on her bladder was immense. Her bladder was distended and screaming for being able to void. And, even if she had relieved herself a bit, earlier, she never held her pee that long before. Lucia took a look at the clock. It had been more than 30 hours since she last had an empty bladder. She had held her morning pee and endured the entire day.

These toughs run through Lucia’s mind and she became aroused.

Without removing the finger from her pee hole, she used her other hand to touch herself. Her bladder ached and cried for relief, but Lucia denied it, instead she savored that feeling as she massaged her inner lips, cherished her bladder’s utterly fullness as two fingers slid into her love canal, dove into the desperate need to pee as her thumb rubbed her clit in a slow, sensual way.

Lucia caressed herself with increasingly fervor, her breathing becoming heavier and her movements speeding up. Her bladder was begging to pee and her sex was begging for ecstasy, both her bladder and her lady parts were on fire and everything down there was throbbing and it was so delightful.

Lucia sweated and moaned and touched and held her pee and soon she threw herself into a sea of pleasure, taken by a blissful orgasm she could feel on every nervous termination of her body: hitting her, wave after wave of joy emanating from her lady parts.

Her body quivered and she felt she was losing control of her bladder. Lucia, between a spasm of pleasure and another, did her best to force her hand to block her urethra with a fingertip, but some hot pee had already sprayed out, wetting her legs and the towel beneath her.

When she finally was left by the climaxing sensation, trying to regain her normal breath and cope with the furious attempt of her bladder to fully empty itself. Now that the pleasure was gone, Lucia was left alone with the desperate fight against her bladder. She knew she had lost quite an amount of pee, but her bladder wouldn’t be happy with anything but complete relief.

Lucia gritted her teeth and applied as much strength as she could against her pee hole. Her urethra hurt with the pressure of the liquid her sore bladder insisted in pumping out. It was a fight between willpower and bodily needs.

After a while, Lucia successfully regained control over her bladder, making her muscles close shut and keeping the remaining pee inside of her. She got up carefully to not put any unnecessary stress on her bladder. Judging by how wet her towel was and the now bearable but still very present need to pee and the slightly bulge of her bladder, Lucia calculated that she lost less than half of what she was holding.

She dried her legs and tossed the wet towel in the dirt clothes bin, placed another towel on her bed and laid on her bad, again. Lucia pulled her blankets over her and made herself cozy.

After all of those sensations, Lucia felt exhausted, but still needed to pee. She could just go to the bathroom, but her bed was so comfortable. And, besides, having a full bladder was such a thrill. Also, Lucia had a whole weekend ahead and she wasn’t planning on completely emptying her bladder anytime soon.

====

That’s the first fiction I wrote in English, so any feedback is welcome.

Also, I wish you guys a Happy and Wet New Year.

====

