Unlucky Star: Chapter 3

Author: facade

*000*2010-08-23 01:12

Same day as chapter 2 except with Kagami this time. I thought I would give poor Kona-chan a break from wetting herself 3 times in one day and another cute anime chick a go.

Questions you may have while reading:

What is a till? It's where you go pay for your purchases, like at the cash register.

Who is "Kagamin"? Kagami is called this often in the anime, I'm not sure why but I included it to give it more of that Lucky Star feel.

Who is Matsuri and Inori? These are Kagami and Tsukasa's older sisters. Tsukasa is the youngest, then Kagami, Matsuri then Inori.

What color were Konata's panties? That's up to you, what color do you think they were?

Picture of the Hiiragi family:

%http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/archive/b/bc/20070719062854!LuckyStar-HiiragiFamily.png

(Kagami, Matsuri, Tadao (Dad), Inori, Tsukasa, and Miki (Mom).)

Kagami and Konata: http://www.total-manga.com/images/Wallpaper/FR-8-32592-B/konata-amp-kagami.jpg

Enjoy, comments, criticism as always.

###

At 3:00 pm, the final bell rang over the intercom system signaling the end of 6th period and everyone rose from their seats. As Kagami stood up, she grabbed her bag and followed behind the other students out of the room, her long purple hair locks swaying around her petite figure as she did. She had made plans with Konata to meet at Gamers, a local anime & manga shop in town, prior to school where Konata wanted to pick up the next novel in The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya manga series.

The school hallways were crowded with students determined to leave the building and go home for the weekend; the sound of their voices as they discussed with their friends echoed off of the tiled walls. Kagami waited until she was out of the building, away from the hoard of students and the sounds of their voices faded away into the distance before pulling out her phone from her bag. Her slender fingers cradled the light purple colored device as it lay in the palm of her hand and her thumbs pressed lightly over the direction buttons until the name “Kona-chan” was visible on the phone's screen then pressed the send button.

Ring ring... “Hiya Kagami!” an excited Konata said.

“Heya Kona, I'll meet you at Gamers in 45 minutes, I'm going home first to change clothes.”

“Sure, see you then!” Konata said before hanging up her phone. Kagami placed her phone back in her bag and continued on her way.

Kagami's house was only 15 minutes away from Ryoo High School, but the weather on this paticular day was incredibly hot as she soon came to find out. The blazing sun's rays poured over Kagami's pale white face causing beads of sweat to populate on her forehead under her light purple bangs. She pulled a bottle of spring water out of the side pocket of her backpack, wiped away the drops of perspiration with the backside of her hand and consumed the full bottle of water in it's entirety in the duration of her homeward journey. Finally making it home, she dropped the empty plastic bottle in the trashcan and made her way upstairs to her room, where Kagami dropped her bag on the floor and closed the bedroom door. She stripped her clothes off down to her light blue colored panties, light purple cotton socks and a matching bra before pulling on a tight fitting pair of light colored jeans, and a loose fitting blue top that she pulled out from her dresser.

After slipping her shoes back on, Kagami was about to leave the house to meet Konata at Gamers but her venture was soon interrupted by a tingling sensation in her lower abdomen which meant that her bladder needed to be emptied. She glanced at the clock on her yellow painted wall and saw that had just enough time to use the toilet before going to meet Konata. As she walked out of her bedroom and down the hallway to the bathroom, she heard the sound of running water coming from inside. The running water increased Kagami's need a little bit, but still manageable for now.

“Oh no... Matsuri must be in the shower...” Kagami thought to herself. Inori was out of town for the weekend with some of her collage friends on a road trip, Tsukasa was with Miyuki doing homework together and her parents were taking a cruise together leaving Matsuri in charge of Kagami and Tsukasa. “I guess I'll just use the downstairs bathroom in my parent's room. They won't notice.” She thought to herself again. Her parents didn't like anyone in their bathroom other then themselves but Kagami wanted to use the toilet before leaving the house so she didn't have any distractions today.

Kagami scurried down the maple staircase and down the bottom floor hallway to the master bedroom where the other bathroom was. As she attempted to turn the door knob, she realized that the door was locked which disappointed the purple haired girl because she knew that Matsuri took long showers and she didn't want to be late meeting Konata. “No! They must have locked it before they left the house... Dammit.” Kagami mumbled under her breath.

“I guess I'll just wait until I'm out with Konata...” She thought to herself, hoping it wouldn't become an issue later on. Not that she was worried about being unable to make it to a toilet in time, but she was always diligent about doing things when they needed to be done and not putting them off until later. As she walked away from her locked parent's door and her need to urinate remained present in her bladder, she couldn't help but be reminded of Konata's misfortune earlier that morning at school and how devastated she was about her accident. She decided to put this out of her mind until she could find a bathroom later, as the thoughts were causing her to have to pee more.

Kagami ran back upstairs and quickly ran into her room to grab her hand bag before running back downstairs and out the front door. The temperature outside was cooler then it had been after school, making the journey more pleasant for this trip. Each minute that passed by as she walked, she felt her bladder filling up with todays beverages more and the need increasing at the same rate. When she arrived at Gamers, she saw through the window that Konata was already inside browsing through the different mangas. She decided to greet her first before taking care of her business and walked up to Konata, who didn't notice Kagami until she was next to her. Kagami wasn't bursting quite just yet, but it was at the point now that it was a distraction rather then just a need.

“Oh, hiya Kagamin.” the blue haired girl said as she put a manga novel back on the shelf, obviously not interested in reading it any further.

“Heya Kona, I'm just going to use the toilet really quick, will you look after my handbag?” She asked, holding her bag up to her and noticed that Konata had changed out of her uniform into a dark colored pair of jeans and a blue top.

“Oh, sure.” She replied and took the bag from her. Konata didn't carry a handbag, she was a bit of a tomboy and didn't possess many feminine qualities. Rather then holding the hand bag by it's handle, she held the bag part itself.

“Thanks.” Kagami said and scurried off to where the bathrooms were just around the corner and a few shelves down from where she was.

Upon reaching the unisex restroom, she couldn't help but notice a white paper sign plastered on the top part of the door but didn't bother to read it until she tried turning the door handle and realized it wouldn't budge just like the one to her parent's room at home. “What?! No..! Why locked?” She muttered out of earshot from everyone in the store before reading the sign taped to the door: 'OUT OF ORDER' it read.

“Now what am I going to do?” Kagami asked herself, getting more worried that her bodily need would become an pressing issue. She walked back to Konata and hoped they could leave soon so she could find a bathroom to take care of her need, which had become more urgent. There were no other shops around Gamers that she could just walk to and use their restroom and Kagami was shy about showing her need to others, so she keep her bladder muscles closed tight and didn't mention anything to Konata or show any signs of her needing to pee. Konata was standing farther down the aisle then before Kagami left her and had two different manga novels in her hand, oblivious that Kagami had not used the restroom at all.

“It's so hard to decide on what manga I want.” Konata said as she handed Kagami's handbag to her, not even looking up from the pair of books.

“I thought you were just getting the Haruhi one...” Kagami took her handbag and a disappointed look formed on her face knowing Konata was going to take longer to decide what she wanted.

“I was, then I saw these. Too bad I only have enough yen for one book.” Konata said as she held up each book. Kagami looked at each, but her urge to pee was more urgent then before and kept her from paying much attention. She shifted her weight to one foot and pressed her legs together in order to subside the feeling some.

“Why don't you just buy the Haruhi manga, and come back for another one later?” Kagami suggested, hoping they could leave soon as her now full bladder pressed even more to contract it's gates. She shifted her weight to the other foot again and wanted to put a hand between her legs but didn't want to make herself look obvious to Konata.

“Hmm... I could do that. But I could buy these two for the price of one, they're on sale.” Konata retorted as she put the two books she had in her hand back on the shelf and picked up another two that she had laid out prior to Kagami's return. She was still unaware of her near desperate need for a toilet.

“You've been waiting for the next Haruhi novel to come out for a while, Kona-chan, but I should have expected you to have doubts when you saw other mangas that interested you.” Kagami said jokingly. Konata hardly ever stuck with one plan and often went back on it, delaying the process only to end up going back to what she had initially planned to do.

“Maybe you're right... maybe I should just get the Haruhi one.” Konata said, picking up the novel she had came here for and set the two books she had back on the shelf. It was by then that Konata had noticed Kagami squirming around where she was standing.

“Hey, Kagamin, are you alright? Why are you all fidgety?” asked the curious blue haired girl.

“Huh? Oh, I'm fine. So, you're getting Haruhi then?” Kagami replied, trying to change the subject away from her bursting bladder's need, which had gotten worse during the time that Konata was unable to make up her mind. She crossed a leg over the other and pretended to just look bored.

“Yeah, I guess... hey, I just noticed that you returned from the bathroom pretty fast. Was someone in there?”

“Uh... no. They were out of order... So I'll just wait until I'm at my house.” Kagami replied, worried that Konata would notice her desperation.

“Oh. So that's why you're all squirmy...” Konata finally took notice to Kagami's situation and it made her think back to that morning at school and at home before. Kagami blushed a little when Konata had said that and knew she was needing to pee pretty badly. There was nothing more she could do now to hide her desperate need and she pushed a hand between her tightly crossed legs against her crotch.

“Yeah... pretty much.”

“Well, I've made up my mind so let's go.” Konata finally started walking towards the till to pay for her book and Kagami hobbled along behind her with her hand still jammed in her crotch. Her movements caused her bladder to leak urine from her tightly shut opening and made a damp spot in her panties. She grabbed herself tighter and bit her bottom lip lightly as she stopped at the front counter with Konata. The looks that the shop patrons gave Kagami made her blush more but she couldn't remove her hand from herself without completely flooding her jeans, even the store attendant at the till noticed that Kagami was bursting but rang up Konata's purchase.

“That'll be 826 yen.” Konata pulled out a single 1000 yen bill from her pocket and handed it to him before looking behind to see Kagami bent over and holding herself between her crossed legs.

“You sure you're going to make it until you get home, Kagamin?” Konata asked, concerned for her best friends dignity. Kagami looked up to her blue haired companion and a stressed look formed in her dark violet colored eyes. A brighter blush expanded across her pale white cheeks, mortified that she looked so obviously bursting to everyone in the store and in front of Konata.

“I... I don't know.” The embarrassed Kagami replied and couldn't help but release a small trickle of urine out of her tightly closed urethra, damping the crotch of her panties more. In an act of desperation, she jammed her other hand between her legs while holding her handbag with her index finger and thumb. She knew she wasn't going to be able to hold on much longer and worried that she was going to wet herself before she got to a toilet.

“Here's your change.” The shop attendant said as he handed Konata a few coins and a bag containing her book. She grabbed the change, put it in her pocket and grabbed her bag then looked back to Kagami.

“Come on then, we'll hurry home.” Konata said as both girls scuttled out of the shop and quickly started the venture back to Kagami's house. Her bladder couldn't take the quick movements and released a long stream of pee into Kagami's panties, then trickled down her legs causing a wet spot to form where she was tightly clutching herself. She grabbed tighter, but there was nothing more that could be done to stop the inevitable flood that was about to happen. Kagami could only make it about a block away from the store before stopping dead in her tracks, and doubled over as another two long spurts of urine escaped her hold before she could no longer hold it anymore. Konata stopped and looked back at her.

“Kagamin...?” Konata said as she begin to take notice to what was happening with Kagami.

“I... I can't hold it..” Kagami silently said in a high pitched tone as tears welled up in her eyes. Her bladder completely contracted it's walls and conceded to the jet stream of pee that was now rushing out of Kagami's tight opening like an unstoppable force and soaked up every inch of her jeans legs causing a wave of warmth to cascade between her legs and all the way down. She couldn't do anything but stand in one spot to let her pee flood her pants and pour out of the bottom, soaking her socks as it dripped into her shoes and forming a puddle around her feet. Kagami shut her eyes tight, holding back her tears as desperately as she tried to do with her pee, but that soon failed as well and her tears ran down her bright red face.

“Kagamin... I'm sorry...” A shocked Konata said as she watched the horrific event take place. She started to feel like it was her fault for taking so long at the shop.

“I... can't believe what I just did...” Kagami said, opening her eyes. Her embarrassment grew as she noticed the by passers staring at her in her wet jeans. There was no way she could hide her soaked jeans on the way back to her house.

“It's my fault, I took too long at the shop.” Konata said as she regretted the said delay.

“No it's not Kona-chan... I should have said something, but I didn't.” Kagami said, wishing now that she had asked Kona to hurry.

“But how am I going to walk home like this?” She added. Konata thought for a moment and an idea struck her.

“Come with me Kagamin.” She replied as she took her by her now free hand and dragged her behind the nearest building to an ally way.

“Take your pants off.” She blurted out without first explaining why and kicked her shoes off.

“...Excuse me?” Kagami shockingly responded.

“We're going to trade pants for the walk home, it'll be a tight fit for you but it's better then walking home in wet pants.” Konata explained and began taking off her dark colored jeans in front of Kagami.

“Konata.... are you sure about this?” She said but took her shoes off and agreed to take off her pants. She began pulling them off of her legs as they stuck to the sides causing the pants to turn inside out when she pulled them off.

“You helped me today at school, it's time for me to help you. We'll change back when we get to your house.” Konata proudly said as both girls were now standing in their underwear. Konata grabbed a hold of Kagami's pee-soaked pants and handed her dry pants to her.

“Wow... I don't know what to say. Thank you Kona-chan.” Kagami said as she began to feel a bit better and her tears now drying up. She took the dry pants and pulled them over her legs; it was definitely a tight squeeze but she pulled them up all the way and fastened them shut with a little effort. The wetness from her panties damped the dry jeans a little bit. A smile formed on her face as Konata pulled on Kagami's wet pants as she shivered from the cold liquid touching her bare skin and pulled her shoes back on.

“Don't mention it, Kagamin.” Konata smiled back at her best friend and Kagami pulled her shoes back on as well. As both girls walked back out to the main street and made their way back home, Konata didn't seem to mind the passing people's stares but was glad to pay back her best friend.

Kagami walked into her house first with Konata tagging along behind her adorned with her friend’s pee stained trousers. Each step that Kagami took in the tight pants, the material rubbed against her wet crotch in a way most unpleasant but it was still better than the humiliation of walking home in peed pants.

“Where’s Tsukasa at? She’s not still at Yuki-chan’s house is she?” Konata asked when they walked into the living room. The house appeared to be empty except for Konata and Kagami as they both walked up the stairs to her bedroom.

“She should be home soon, right now let’s just get changed out of these-…” Kagami was cut off in mid-sentence as both girls reached the top of the stairs and a purple short-length haired girl exited from the upstairs bathroom. The younger Hiiragi sister looked at both of the girls with a confused look on her face.

“Kona… sis…? What… maybe I shouldn’t ask.” Tsukasa said walking back to her bedroom.

Konata and Kagami looked at each other then scurried off to her bedroom, Konata shutting the door behind them.

###

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

*001*2010-08-23 01:24

Chapter 4 will feature Kagami and Tsukasa. I'm not sure yet if they will both wet themselves or just Tsukasa.

*003*2010-08-23 02:19

{{: 

Very impressive story, and incredibly well written. In terms of criticism, the only obvious flaw was how fast she became desperate, but of course this was no major hindrance by any means.

All in all, it was definitely worth the read, and written very well, with a lot of detail, while still managing to not be over-detailed.

}}

Thanks a lot! Yeah, I know she got desperate fast, but I suppose it's called Unlucky star for a reason.

*004*2010-08-23 09:13

Added a better ending scene at Kagami's house.

*006*2010-08-23 12:40

{{: 

Poor Kag, She actually did get desperate fast, but its good You gave Kon a break from wetting herself and I do think it has a reason for being called "unlucky star"

Ps.I know I say Kag and Kon because I sometimes shorten names incase I spell it wrong.

Isabella.

}}

I think I just suck at writing with the element of time so it comes out like the whole thing happened in 15 minutes.

