Draco's Mishaps - Page 2

Author: Donar

*026*2015-02-16 08:58

Well, thanks. Though, I'm not sure your praise is entirely deserved. For over two months I didn't get a single new word written, I'm only back to this story since a few weeks ago.

And I'm cheating a bit with the updates here. I think I mentioned it somewhere previously already, but you can also find my stories at AO3

. I'm a bit behind here and I'm trying to catch up, but I didn't want to post a huge wall of text all at once.

*027*2015-02-18 20:40

Monday, November 15th

When Theo and Draco entered the Great Hall for breakfast, Granger spotted them and immediately called Theo over. He had been supposed to meet with her the previous Friday to finish their Muggle studies presentation but had stood her up when he went to help Draco. He honestly had forgotten. When he had remembered, it had been too late and he hadn't known what to do. So Theo had successfully avoided her all weekend. She didn't look happy. Sheepishly, he went over, Draco tagging along after him.

“Where have you been on Friday?”, she asked.

“Sorry... I got detention from Professor Snape. I couldn't make it”, Theo quickly said. It was only a small lie.

“And you couldn't even send me a note?”

“I forgot.”

“All weekend?”

Potter and Weasley had turned around to give him hostile stares as well.

“I had other important homework to do”, he said weakly.

“Well, I almost finished our presentation while you slacked off!”

While the trio was looking at Theo, Draco seized the opportunity and sneaked around them. He was getting out a small vial from his pocket. Theo's eyes grew wide in horror. “NO!”, he yelled, but Draco just grinned at him evilly as he uncorked the vial and poured a small amount of its content into Potter's pumpkin juice. Theo realized that Potter, Weasley and Granger all stared at him, confused by his outbreak. He caught himself: “I... I mean I didn't slack off! I went through that article about Electricity again-”

“Which we won't use because it is all wrong!”, Granger interrupted.

Theo's eyes didn't leave Draco, who was leaning over to spike Weasley's drink as well. Just then Weasley started to turn around to see what Theo was staring at. “Weasley! Help me here! Your dad wrote that article! Tell her!”, Theo squeaked.

Weasley stopped and turned his attention back to him. He pointed out: “My dad collects plugs.”

Draco emptied the rest of the vial's content into Weasley's pumpkin juice.

“Exactly!”, Theo hastily agreed, “he is an expert!”

Somehow, the trio didn't seem to think so. Granger looked almost appalled by his logic, while Weasley and Potter seemed mostly embarrassed for Mr. Weasley. Meanwhile, Draco had pocketed the now empty vial again and, with an evil grin, backed off. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Draco was so getting himself expelled from school and Theo was his accomplice!

Potter grabbed his juice and took a small sip, Theo saw it all like in slow motion. He had the mad urge to slap the glass out of Potter's hand. Suddenly, he realized that he probably didn't want to be there when Potter keeled over. Or exploded. Or something. He had to get away!

He murmured: “A... anyways, how about we finish our presentation this afternoon?”

“You'll better be there this time!”, Granger threatened.

“I will!”, Theo promised.

He quickly retreated and ran over to the Slytherin table. Draco was already seated and looked extremely pleased with himself.

“You did great!”, he beamed at Theo as Theo sat down besides him.

“You're going to get us both expelled!”, Theo silently hissed back at him.

Draco just laughed.

“What did you put into their drinks anyways?”, Goyle asked. Draco had banned them all from their shared bedroom all Saturday to brew his secret potion, but he had not told any of them what it actually was.

“Just watch the two, the show will begin soon enough”, Draco said smugly. He bowed over to Theo and whispered: “Especially you! You'll love it!”

Theo eyed him, worried. What with all the innuendo? He secretly watched Potter and Weasley, both had already emptied their pumpkin juices and had gotten seconds. Theo expected them to choke or turn into frogs or whatever any second, but they finished their breakfast and still nothing had happened.

When Potter, Weasley and Granger got up to get to their class, Theo and Draco rose as well. They shared their first lesson, Care for Magical Creatures, so they followed the Gryffindors. It gave Theo plenty of opportunity to continue to watch them and worry while they walked. Nothing. Maybe Draco had made a mistake with the potion? Theo secretly eyed him, but that smug smile was still on Draco's face like before.

* * *

On their way down to the forest outskirts, where Hagrid held his classes, Harry, Ron and Hermione talked about today's subject, the common puffskein. Ever since that lesson with the hippogriffs and Malfoy's stupid accident Hagrid had been scared and only brought the most harmless – and most boring – animals imaginable to class. Like flobberworms. Or puffskeins.

“They are like the dullest pets imaginable. They lie around and do nothing all day”, Ron just said. Depressed, he added: “A bit like Scabbers.”

Ron had owned a puffskein when he was a small boy.

“I read they are scavengers and they hunt spiders and other small prey”, Hermione added.

“I mostly fed it leftovers. And George said it used its long tongue to eat my bogeys in my sleep, but I think he was lying.”

“Eww”, Harry and Hermione laughed.

When they arrived at the enclosure at the outskirts of the forbidden forest, Hagrid was already awaiting them. He had a big basket filled with funny-looking custard-colored furballs about the size of a palm with him.

“Hi, Hagrid!”, the trio greeted him and Hagrid happily waved back at them.

“Those are puffskeins”, Ron needlessly informed them.

Hagrid had brought one for each student, he began handing them out to the class. Ron's immediately started to purr as he stroked its fur. Hermione and Harry held theirs a bit awkwardly in their hands, just like most students. Malfoy looked almost disgusted by the thing as Hagrid handed him the small creature, but then, so did Ron.

Once all students had their puffskeins, Hagrid began to explain the little critters and how to properly care for them at great length. “You can basically do whatever you want with the thing. It won't mind”, Ron muttered under his breath, impatiently stepping from one foot to the other, “you can even drop it to the ground or throw it around. Just don't use it for Bludger practice!”

“Ron! You didn't!”, Hermione whispered back.

“Fred did.”

Harry didn't really listen to their exchange nor to Hagrid's long-winded explanations, he was more preoccupied with his sudden need to go to the loo. It had hit him completely out of the blue, he hadn't had to go twenty minutes ago when they had left the castle. And then, suddenly, his bladder told him that it was getting really, really full. He didn't even know why, he hadn't had that much pumpkin juice for breakfast. He squirmed and surreptitiously crossed his legs.

Hagrid was just holding up a puffskein to show the class its tiny teeth and explaining about the more dangerous fanged breed. Harry eyed the tiny face of the puffskein in his hand and tried to make it open its mouth. It just purred at him. Harry moaned and hopped from one foot to the other, he felt like his need to pee grew worse every second. Just as he couldn't stand it any longer and was about to raise his hand to ask to be excused, Ron beat him to it.

“Can' yeh wait? Lesson's over in 'alf an hour”, Hagrid asked.

“No!”, Ron whined.

“Yeh gotta pee on a tree 'n, 's no bathroom 'ere”, Hagrid said.

Ron didn't seem to mind, he just pushed his puffskein into Harry's hands and immediately ran off in the direction of the trees, followed by the laughter of Malfoy and his gang.

“I really got to go, too, Hagrid!”, Harry said, urgently. He hardly waited for Hagrid's response before he shoved the two puffskeins onto Hermione and rushed after Ron, prompting the class to laugh even more.

Harry didn't care right then. Once he had reached the first trees, he dashed behind some bushes to get some semblance of privacy and hurriedly tugged at his belt. Ron was already relieving himself against a nearby tree, the sound of his forceful stream splattering against the bark almost made Harry loose it. He jumped in place while he fought his stubborn belt. Finally he managed to unbuckle it and yanked down his pants. He grabbed his tool and aimed it at the next tree. Then, with a very relieved sigh, he let go. He peed a whole lot, too. Harry decided that he probably had had to go back at breakfast already and just hadn't paid attention to his bladder.

He just shook off the last drops when Ron walked past him. Harry quickly pulled his pants up and went back with him. The stupid Slytherins were still chuckling when they rejoined class. Like Malfoy never had had to take a piss at an awkward time!

Hermione handed them back their puffskeins, she whispered: “Why didn't you two go before class?”

“Because I didn't have to go then”, Ron muttered, defensive. He sounded a bit like the small kid Harry felt like right then.

Hagrid continued his painstaking walk-through of the proper care of puffskeins. Harry listened anxiously and caught himself looking at the clock more and more. He already felt like he had to pee again! Finally, finally, Hagrid told them about their homework and was about to dismiss class. They were supposed to take care of the puffskein till their next lesson.

Malfoy harrumphed and muttered: “I'm gonna feed that stupid thing to my owl!” His friends laughed.

“What do I do if Crookshanks doesn't like him?”, Hermione asked. Harry silently groaned. He listened with crossed legs while Hagrid gave all of them some tips on how to deal with cats or other pets that might not like the puffskein. Then they were finally free to go.

Harry handed Hermione his puffskein again. “Can you hold it for a moment?”

“Why?”, she asked as she took it.

“I really gotta pee!”

“But you just went-”, she said, but Harry was already running towards the forest. She looked after him, confused. Then Ron pushed his puffskein on her, too, and rushed for the trees as well.

* * *

Ron did not know what was wrong with him and Harry. Ever since breakfast they had had to piss like constantly. He had not even drunken more than half a glass of pumpkin juice at lunch, and yet he hadn't made it through their transfiguration lesson without a toilet break. Luckily, Professor McGonagall would allow him to go use the loo, if grudgingly. Harry even had had to ask her to be excused twice, he was lucky the Professor liked him. Ron spared himself that humiliation at least, even though he had run out of the classroom and straight for the nearest bathroom the second the school bell rang. He made it only barely, too.

Their next lesson was Potions. Snape didn't like them. Besides, he was an ass and he didn't allow anyone to be excused from his class, not even his Slytherin students. Ron was still deliberating how he was going to get through his lesson as they entered the classroom.

“I'm quickly going to the loo, I gotta go again already!”, Harry told him as he deposited his schoolbag at their bench in the back. He looked at Ron questioningly.

“I'm coming, too”, Ron said quickly. He told himself it was just to make sure. He had just went no ten minutes ago and yet he already felt like he might have to go again soon. Harry impatiently stepped from one foot to the other as he waited for Ron to put his things down and follow him to the boys' room just across from their classroom.

When they stepped onto the corridor, they almost ran into Malfoy and his gang. The dragon shit seemed to be in an especially good mood today. “Going to the potty, Potter?”, he grinned as Harry made a beeline for the bathroom door, “and you're assisting him, Weasel?” His goons laughed stupidly. Ron ignored them and pushed past Malfoy to vanish into the bathroom as well.

Harry was already standing at the first urinal and pulling down his pants. With a relieved sigh he started to release a huge torrent of piss. Just the sound of it splattering against the porcelain was enough to make Ron's badder twitch. He stepped besides Harry and quickly unzipped his pants as well, then he started peeing.

“We should just have skipped Potions”, he muttered.

“No way, Snape has already seen us!”, Harry whispered back as he finished, “I'm just off detention, he would skin me alive!”

He was right, of cause. And it was only a single lesson, surely they could make it, right? Ron squeezed out the last drops of pee and stepped away from the urinal. He washed his hands, then he and Harry went back to their potions classroom.

Just as they entered the school bell rang and Professor Snape shot them an annoyed glare. They quickly went over to their places and sat down.

“Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, how nice of you to honour us with your presence!”, Snape said acidly, “now that everybody is here finally, maybe we can start with today's subject, the Girding Potion. Miss Bulstrode, would you please come to the front?”

The first half of the lesson wasn't all bad. Boring, but not all bad. Millicent Bulstrode, an ugly Slytherin girl, gave a lengthy presentation on the effects of the Girding Potion and how to brew it. Ron listened half-heartedly and took some notes. The potion was supposed to increase ones endurance for several weeks after its consumption. His bladder gave him a nudge, asking to be emptied. Ron bit his lips, he could use some endurance today! Just let this lesson end already! His bladder really was feeling awfully full.

Harry leaned over, he whispered: “I gotta pee.”

“Me, too”, Ron silently groaned.

Finally, the stupid girl stopped talking and they could start with their potions. Getting up and moving around made Ron's urge to pee more bearable and for a short while, he almost managed to forget about his aching bladder.

He was rudely reminded of it once they had finished preparing the ingredients and had to set up their cauldrons. The sound of running water made him groan and he had to grab himself as he filled their cauldron with water. He nervously stepped from one foot to the other as he waited for it to fill up. On his way back to his place, he passed Malfoy's table.

“Gonna show us more of your potty dance, Weasley?”, Malfoy asked. His goons sniggered.

Ron felt himself blush. “Shut up, Malfoy!”

He forced himself to walk casually the rest of the way. He sat the cauldron on the fireplace and eased himself into his chair. Once hidden by the table, he immediately crossed his legs and a small sigh escaped his lips. Harry shot him a pained glance and Ron returned it worriedly. Harry seemed to be even worse off than him. He was hunched over in his seat, slightly rocking back and forth, his legs firmly pressed together.

Ron quickly turned on the fire and threw one set of fairy wings into the cauldron. He anxiously started to scissor his knees while he impatiently waited for the potion to start boiling. He had to piss so bad!

Malfoy and his stupid friends had noticed their predicament and he kept on glancing over to Harry and Ron and waving at them gleefully. Ron so hated that little dragon turd!

Ron added the first measure of doxy eggs to their brew and started to stir it. Harry moaned silently. Ron tried not to look too much at the swirling liquid either while he continued to toss in more doxy eggs. It was bad. Once all the eggs were in, he turned down the heat and put the ladle aside. He gave his member a much needed squeeze and sighed silently. There was no way he could make it.

Hesitantly, he raised his hand. Professor Snape took his sweet time before he finally saw him. “Yes, Mr. Weasley? Is there a problem?”

“May I please be excused, Professor? I need to go to the loo.”

“No, Mr. Weasley. You should have gone before my lesson”, Snape told him.

Malfoy poked his tongue at Ron and sniggered. Ron silently cursed under his breath. Hermione was glancing over to him, too, worried. Ron tried to straighten himself up as good as the pain in his lower abdomen would allow. He continued to scissor his legs.

A few minutes later, their potion had cooled down enough for them to mix in the ground up dragonfly thoraxes. Then they had to heat it again and stir until the brew turned blue. It was agony.

Harry wasn't doing so well either. He had his legs crossed and was shifting around on his chair constantly. The expression on his face was one of pure concentration. Just as Ron looked over, Harry raised his hand.

Professor Snape pretended he didn't see.

“Professor!”, Harry begged.

Snape looked up, his eyes searching the classroom, pretending he didn't see Harry. Finally, his eyes narrowed upon Harry. “Yes, Mr. Potter?”, he drawled.

“I really have to go to the bathroom! Please, I need to be excused, Sir!”

“I already told Mr. Weasley, you should have taken care of your business before! No, Mr. Potter!”

“It's an emergency, Professor!”

“Do I need to repeat myself again?”

“No, Sir”, Harry muttered and slumped down in his seat.

Ron whispered: “You OK?”

“I'm not gonna make it”, Harry whined. He had both hands pressed firmly to his groin.

“It's only twenty more minutes”, Ron tried to calm him. It didn't sound reassuring even to his own ears. Ron crossed his legs and tried to concentrate on the next step in making their potion. Was it boil and add three flying seahorses or add the seahorses and then boil? He nervously sifted through his notes. Harry's constant fidgeting and moaning was distracting him and making his own need to pee worse. Suddenly, Ron felt a small squirt escape and dampen his boxers. He desperately pressed his legs together and moved a hand down to help.

Malfoy was staring over and laughing constantly, he thought this funny. His stupid friend Nott was gawking, too. Ron moaned. He was so going to beat up that pile of dragon shit – and he wouldn't even use magic!

“Professor Snape!”, Harry's voice jolted him from his violent phantasies, “I have to be excused to go to the loo! Please, Professor! I can't wait any longer!”

“Five points from Gryffindor. I already told you, no, Mr. Potter!”

Harry whimpered. He bend over and started sniveling quietly, his hands pressed to his groin like his life depended on it.

“Only ten minutes”, Ron whispered. He had to hold himself as well.

Harry didn't answer. He just squirmed, then all of the sudden he gave a silent gasp and Harry started crying for real. A tiny hissing sound told Ron why and that Harry had lost his battle, though in Ron's ears the hissing was like thunder. His bladder spasmed fiercely and suddenly the hand in his groin felt wet. He desperately tried to stem the flow, but he couldn't. Hearing Harry piss himself and seeing his trousers turn dark from the pee, watching the first drips start to fall to the ground from his pants legs, it was just too much to bear, Ron removed his futile grip on his member. It felt SO good to finally let go.

At the same time, he was so embarrassed, he hoped he would die. He let his forehead drop onto the tabletop. The hot piss spread in his boxers and began to run down his legs. It soaked into his socks and shoes, then it started to trickle to the floor and added to the fast-growing puddle of Harry's pee.

Malfoy snorted and began to laugh uncontrollably. “Professor Snape! Professor Snape! Weasley is wetting his pants!”

The whole class turned to him and started to laugh.

“Potter has peed his pants, too!”, some kid piped in.

Everybody was staring at them. And Ron was still fucking peeing! He couldn't stop peeing! He really wished he would sink into the floor. But he didn't. Finally, when his exhausted bladder had relieved itself from all its content and the angry stream slowed down to a trickle, Ron finally managed to stop wetting.

“Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley!”, Snape's cold voice cut through the laughter, irritated.

Ron slowly raised his head to face his teacher. Snape was staring at them.

He hissed: “To the front, both of you!”

Ron hesitated, he could see the anger in Snape's eyes. He swallowed hard and took a look down at the damage to his pants – they were completely soaked. Slowly, he got up and moved to the side to let Harry out as well. Harry stepped on the aisle after him, he looked like he was going to be sick. He awkwardly started to waddle towards the teacher's desk, Ron followed him. A huge, wet spot covered the back of Harry's work robe from his butt downwards. Ron knew his didn't look any better. As they walked past them, their classmates sniggered and laughed and silently chanted jeers of “Potty Potter!”. Someone added “Weasley whizzes!” to the chorus.

Harry and Ron lined up in front of the Professor's desk, embarrassedly staring down at their feet. They were in perfect view of everyone.

“Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley”, Snape snarled.

Ron raised his eyes to face him, but he didn't withstand the scrutinising gaze of his teacher for more than a few seconds. He quickly looked back down at his toes again. There wasn't just annoyance in the man's eyes, it was disgust.

“You two are dismissed for today. Get your things, go to your dormitories and change your clothes”, Snape told them, “you both get a 'D' for not finishing your Girding potion.”

“Yes, Sir”, they murmured.

They turned around and quickly marched back to their table. Malfoy was having a real fit, Ron hoped the ass would choke on his laughter. Hermione was watching them, looking worried, though she didn't dare say anything. At least she and Neville weren't laughing. Professor Snape followed the two to back to their table. While they packed their things, he got out his wand. One wave of it, and the puddle on the floor vanished. A second wave and so did the unfinished potion in their cauldron. For some reason, the Professor didn't seem to think of treating them or their clothes to a cleaning charm as well, he put his wand away again and just stood there, glaring down on them.

Ron shot another glance at Hermione – she looked back sadly – then he and Harry fled the classroom.

The laughter finally subsided as Ron pushed the door shut behind them. He leaned against it heavily. “Please kill me, Harry!”

“Can you cast that cleaning charm again like on Hallowe'en?”, Harry asked. He looked down the thankfully deserted corridor and then back at his soaked trousers, scared.

Ron shook his head. He admitted: “That was Hermione. I don't know any cleaning spells.”

Neither did Harry. Luckily, classes were still on and they almost made it all the way to the Gryffindor tower unseen. Almost. They were nearly there when on the sixth floor they ran into a group of seventh-year Ravenclaw girls, they didn't have time to hide either. The girls gawked at Harry and Ron as the two ran past them, but at least they didn't laugh. The two just continued to run the rest of the way. Panting, they arrived at the painting of the Fat Lady.

“Fortuna... Major!”, Harry gasped.

“Oh, in such a hurry?”, the Fat Lady asked, then her eyes narrowed on their trousers, “a little late, aren't we?”

“Fortuna Major!”, they both just shouted at her again.

Muttering to herself, she swung aside and let them in.

* * *

Theo and Draco were on their way to their Defense of the Dark Arts class, their last lesson of the day.

“I can't believe you actually did that!”, Theo said, “and you made me help you!”

“Potter so had it coming! It's just a harmless revenge prank, anyways!”, Draco grinned. He eyed Theo from the side, “come on, admit it already! You were so turned on in Potions!”

“Fuck you!”, Theo silently retorted. He could feel himself blush. It had been kinda hot to watch Potter and Weasley in their desperation, just thinking back to how they both had wet themselves gave him a boner again. But what Draco and he had done was still wrong! Poisoning another student, that was crossing a line, that was like serious!

Draco just laughed.

A short distance ahead, Potter and Weasley, looking rather wretched, exited the boys' room and turned in the direction of their classroom as well. Theo watched them awkwardly. “Are you sure it's harmless? They're going an awful lot!”, he whispered.

Draco shrugged. “Sure. I think so.”

“We're gonna get found out! We're so deep in dragon shit right now!”

“Nobody is going to find out!”, Draco told him, smug.

They both fell silent as they almost ran into Professor Lupin when they turned a corner. Theo felt himself melt under the Professor's probing eyes. He shot Draco a worried glance, he knew they were done for. But then the Professor just smiled at them: “Good afternoon, boys! Everything alright, Theo?”

“Yes, Professor! Of cause!”, Theo croaked.

Draco glared at him like it was Theo's fault he was such a crappy liar.

Professor Lupin didn't seem to take notice of their silent exchange. “I saw you're back at the Quidditch field, Draco. Your arm is full healed, then? Excited to be back in the game?”, he asked as they walked.

“Yes, Sir.”

“Who do you think will win next week's match? Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw?”

“Ravenclaw!”, they both agreed.

“You'll face the winner, won't you?”

“Yeah, but not in ages!”, Draco complained.

Theo added: “We only play after the Christmas break.”

They entered the classroom just as the school bell rang.

“Well, you'll better train hard till then!”

“We'll flatten them!”, Draco declared.

“I'm sure you will. Now hurry to your places!”, Professor Lupin said. Theo shyly returned the Professor's smile before he turned around and ran after Draco. Draco didn't like Professor Lupin much and he often made fun of the Professor's shabby clothing and poor appearance behind his back. He mostly did it because he resented the Professor for favouring Potter. Theo kind of understood Draco, but on the other hand the man was nice to all his students. He wasn't a bad Defense teacher either – not as good as Professor Snape would have been, of cause. Still, Theo actually liked him a little.

Theo and Draco sat down at their table. At first, the lesson progressed as normal. Know-it-all Granger gave a short – or in her case not-so-short – recap of what they had learned about the hinkypunk the previous week. The creature was mostly harmless and boring, although it could throw fireballs if cornered. Only a complete idiot would fall prey to it.

Then Professor Lupin told them about this week's subject, the grindylow, a kind of minor water demon. The small, sickly-green creature was sitting in a fish tank in the front of the room, pressing its face against the wall and making faces at the class. Of cause, the professor had had to bring a live one, he liked his lessons to be “practical”. In that regard, he was a bit like that Hagrid fool. Theo wondered if he would bring an actual werewolf, too, once they covered that subject. He grinned at the foolish thought.

Meanwhile, Crabbe and the grindylow had entered a staring contest and were grimacing at each other. At last, the oaf had found his intellectual equal. Theo watched the two for a while while he listened to Professor Lupin's lecture. Though, as the lesson went on, he felt his eyes drawn to Potter and Weasley more and more.

Each one had already asked to be excused once. Was it Theo's imagination or was Potter fidgeting again already? There! Now he was reaching down to grab his crotch! Just watching Potter squirm made Theo's member want to go stiff. Theo forced himself to look away and focus on Professor Lupin's lecture again.

A moment later, he caught himself staring over to Potter and the Weasel again.

Draco leaned over and whispered: “Enjoying the show?”

“N-no! I want no part in it!” Theo quickly looked away again. He awkwardly eyed his crotch, convinced his erection was showing through his pants. He quickly shifted his robe around a bit to cover it up.

Draco chuckled.

Theo forced himself to look at the grindylow instead. It made a face at him and Theo poked out his tongue at it. It wiggled around its spidery fingers and tentacles. Theo's eyes wandered back to Potter. Potter was watching the clock intently and seesawing his knees. A few times he gingerly started to raise his hand only to immediately let it sink down again and continue to stare at the clock. His other hand was wandering down to his crotch and remaining there. Potter sure had to go bad! Theo couldn't take his eyes off him. Merlin's knickers! He was having a full erection.

“Think he'll wet himself again?”, Draco whispered.

Theo shot Draco a quick glance. He was gloating. “This prank is going too far!”, Theo told him. Professor Lupin eyed him and he fell silent, looking attentive. Draco grinned. As the Professor turned his attention away again, Theo felt his eyes wander back to Potter, who was squirming visibly. He leaned over to Draco and whispered: “How long does the effect of the potion even last?”

“No idea. But the recipe said it was very potent”, Draco said, smug.

Theo quickly leaned back as the Professor looked over to them again, by now a little annoyed at their constant bickering.

“This is bad!”, Theo whispered.

Draco didn't answer, he was too intent on gloating over Potter. Potter was sitting very upright, his legs crossed and firmly pressed together, and just now he had raised a shaking hand again.

“Yes, Harry?”, Professor Lupin said.

“May I please be excused to go to the loo, Professor?”

The class chuckled.

“It's only five more minutes, Harry. I'm sure you can-”

“I can't! Honestly! Please, Professor! I must be ill. I've had to go all the time all day. I really can't! It's an emergency!”

Potter was literally shaking in his chair, his desperation was so obvious, Professor Lupin allowed him to go. Followed by the laughter of his classmates, Potter ran out. “Don't go potty in your pants again, Potter!”, Draco called after him accompanied by the other Slytherin students' chanting of “Potty Potter!”. Theo looked after Potter as well, but he didn't laugh. He felt almost bad for how much he was turned on right then. The Weasel seemed a bit anxious, too. He probably had to piss just as bad, but was too ashamed to ask.

By the time the lesson ended, Theo was sure of it. Weasley had all his things packed way before the school bell rang and was about to run out the second Professor Lupin released them for the day. The Professor stopped him: “Ron, a moment please!”

Weasley groaned audibly, but he obediently approached the teacher's desk, surreptitiously crossing his legs as he stood there. Draco grinned evilly at his predicament and Theo couldn't stop staring.

Then Professor Lupin said: “Draco, Theo, would you please stay behind a moment as well?”

Theo's heart dropped. He gave Draco a worried glance, but Draco seemed more annoyed than really concerned. His lips were still curled up in that smug grin of his. The Professor took Weasley aside and asked him if Potter was alright. Weasley, fidgeting, told him that both he and Potter constantly had had to pee all day despite going like twenty times already. Just then Potter returned. He apologized to his teacher, then he looked at the group, confused. Professor Lupin reassured him that it was alright, and told him to collect his things.

“I better get you to the Hospital Wing to have you checked out by Madam Pomfrey”, Professor Lupin thought aloud.

“May I please be excused before that?”, the Weasel desperately whined. He had one hand pressed to his crotch and was all but jumping in place.

“Of cause”, Professor Lupin said, finally realizing the boy's plight.

Weasley hurriedly ran off to the loo and Draco laughed. The Professor suddenly turned to him and Theo. “Is there anything you two want to tell me? Draco? Theo?”

He peered at them both. Draco's grin faded away and Theo swallowed, trying to avoid his teacher's stare. Expelled! They were so getting expelled! He eyed Draco in search for help.

“About what?”, Draco asked, innocent.

“Do you know anything about the cause of this strange affliction that is troubling Ron and Harry?”, Professor Lupin suggested.

Theo felt himself go ashen.

“No”, Draco said, deadpan.

“Theodore?”, the Professor asked.

Theo hurriedly shook his head, not trusting his voice.

“No? Well, maybe we should go talk to your head of house then.”

They waited for Weasley to return, then Professor Lupin led them down to the castle dungeons. They stopped at the door to Professor Snape's office, and Professor Lupin knocked.

“Yes?”, Professor Snape's voice answered.

Lupin opened the door and beckoned his four charges in before he followed them and closed the door behind himself. Professor Snape was sitting behind his desk and looked up as they entered. He seemed even more in a foul mood than usual.

“Professor Lupin”, he said icily, “what is the reason for this intrusion?”

“There has been some incident...”, Professor Lupin began. He went over to his colleague and whispered to him. Professor Snape nodded occasionally while he listened, his brows narrowed and his piercing gaze slowly wandered over his four students. “I already noticed”, he said, sneering at Potter and Weasley. Then his darkening stare returned to Draco first, before his eyes turned to Theo. When the Professor looked at him like that, Theo always felt like the man could see right into his mind. He quickly looked down to avoid those scary eyes, though he knew his guilt was written all over his face. Finally, the Professor turned to examine Potter and Weasley again. Had his face been angry as he stared at Draco and Theo, he looked outright appalled at the sight of the two Gryffindors.

“...and since they're from your house, I thought I would leave them with you”, Professor Lupin finished.

Professor Snape nodded slowly and rose from his chair. “Yes. Leave them with me.”

* * *

Professor Snape slowly went over to his students and just stared down on them. He was fully aware of the effect his gaze had on his students. Snape didn't even have to use Legilimency to see Nott was guilty of something. Malfoy looked awfully worried, too. Potter and Weasley... well, when were those two delinquents ever not up to something bad?

Lupin had told him what he had overheard. For a second, Snape's eyes wandered over to his colleague and his lips curled up in a sneer. The man sure had the ears of a wolf! He returned his attention to the boys, he remembered how much Malfoy had gloated at Potter and Weasley's shameful display earlier this afternoon. And then there was the theft from his personal stock of ingredients... Just when Malfoy and Nott happened to be there, unattended. Snape just hadn't figured out what possible use the two would have had for Aconite. Till now. Wasn't there a diuretic potion in 'Moste Potente Potions' that used Aconite?

He asked: “Did you two young gentlemen notice anything odd about Mr. Potter or Mr. Weasley today?”

Malfoy chuckled and exchanged a silent glance with Nott.

“Mr. Nott!”, Snape watched with some satisfaction as the boy visibly winced at the sound of his name, “what might someone need Wolfsbane for?”

Lupin rose an eyebrow, and looked at Snape worriedly. Snape pretended he didn't notice.

“I-I-I don't know, P-professor? I-isn't it a poison?”, Nott stammered.

“Mr. Malfoy?”, Snape shot.

“No idea, Sir”, Malfoy said.

“Professor Snape?”, Potter interrupted.

“Not now, Potter!”, Snape hissed, “Mr. Malfoy, you recently read 'Moste Potente Potions' at my suggestion, did you not?”

“Yes, Professor?”, Malfoy agreed, cautious.

“There weren't any potions in that book that needed Aconite?”

“I don't recall, Professor.”

“Professor!”, Potter cut in again. Snape shot him an annoyed glance. Of cause Potter and Weasley had to horse around, those damn delinquents couldn't remain silent for even a minute! Snape ignored them.

“Maybe something that could cause Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley's symptoms?”

“I don't know, Sir”, Malfoy insisted, though the boy had turned even paler than usual.

“So neither of you would happen to know who might have stolen some Aconite from my personal stock?”

Snape didn't miss the panicked glance Nott shot Malfoy.

“No, Sir”, Malfoy said.

Snape sighed.

“Professor Snape!”, Potter whined yet again.

“What?”, Snape snapped

“I... I... um...”, Potter stammered.

Snape stared at him angrily. The way the boy was fidgeting and holding his groin made his predicament quite obvious even without words. If Snape needed any more proof, there he had it. Snape's lips curled up and turned his annoyed stare into a sneer. “Mr. Potter”, he asked, “do you happen to have to use the bathroom?”

“Yes, Sir”, Potter murmured, embarrassed.

“What was that, Mr. Potter?”, Snape enjoyed himself.

Potter squirmed. Blushing, he said: “I really have to use the bathroom, may I please be excused, Professor?”

Snape pretended to have to think about the question before he finally agreed: “Given the circumstances, you may.”

“Professor?”, Weasley urgently piped in, one hand pressed to his groin.

“Mr. Weasley, Mr. Potter, you are both excused! We don't want another incident like earlier today”, Snape told them icily.

Malfoy laughed.

“Something funny, Mr. Malfoy?”, Snape inquired, turning his gaze back on his two Slytherin delinquents.

“No, Professor!”, Malfoy hurriedly assured him.

“I would hope not! Poisoning fellow students is no laughing matter, even if...”, Snape trailed off, pointedly eying the door Potter and Weasley had escaped through a moment ago, “you two brewed a dangerous potion without supervision, more so, you stole the Wolfsbane for it from my stock. And you deliberately poisoned two other students, knowing fully well of the dangers! Do you deny any of this?”

The two exchanged a glance, then they looked back at the floor.

“I am truly disappointed with both of you! You are both outstanding students, I would have expected you to know better! I should have you both expelled! Fifty points from Slytherin for each of you! You'll both serve detention starting tomorrow evening, I'll also write letters to your parents-”

Malfoy had been staring at Nott and been poking him with his elbow. Since Nott had remained silent, Malfoy now spoke up himself: “Professor, Theo had nothing to do with it. I... I did it alone! He didn't know what I was doing.”

“Is that so?”, Snape asked. He was pretty sure the boy had at least covered for his friend, though it wasn't at all like Malfoy to take all the blame himself. Nott looked like he wanted to say something, but Malfoy stopped him.

“Alright”, Snape decided, “Mr. Malfoy, you will serve detention alone then.”

“Yes, Sir”, Malfoy answered silently.

“You are both dismissed.”

“Yes, Sir.”

The boys turned to leave. At the door, Malfoy peered back at Snape. “Professor? About my parents...”

“I'm sorry, Mr. Malfoy. It's a serious offense. I have to inform them.”

“Please, I'll serve double detention! Just don't tell my dad!”

The boy looked genuinely scared. Snape remembered Lucius' last visit all too well, too.

“I'm sorry”, he repeated, “I have to write to your mother.”

Malfoy nodded sadly. “I understand”, he eyed Snape shyly, “thank you, Sir!” Then he quickly slipped out of the door.

*029*2015-02-20 20:47

Thanks! You'll see more of Harry in the future.

But back to the Slytherin delinquents. I'm afraid, fate doesn't smile on poor Draco right now...

Tuesday, November 16th

In the evening, Draco went down to Professor Snape's office to report for his detention. Theo had insisted on accompanying him there, all the way he was clenching his wand in his hand, he looked awfully worried. He probably feared Draco's dad might be with Professor Snape again – Draco himself half expected his dad to be waiting for him. But when he opened the door, the Professor was alone in his office, sitting behind his desk. He beckoned Draco in.

Theo mistrustfully peered into the office like he expected Draco's dad to jump out from behind an armchair any second. He eyed Draco questioningly and Draco told him: “See you tonight!” It felt kind of nice to see Theo so concerned for him, but Theo was only going to get them both into even bigger trouble if he didn't lower the wand soon he was still pointing in the general direction of Professor Snape and leave. “Go!”, Draco silently mouthed at him. Theo slowly nodded and finally turned around to walk back in the direction of their dorms. Draco looked after him a moment, then he entered the office and closed the door behind himself.

Professor Snape didn't offer him a seat, so Draco stood in front of his desk.

“You're late, Mr. Malfoy”, the Professor declared.

Draco had come down here right after dinner, besides the Professor hadn't even told him a specific time, but he knew it was no use arguing. Professor Snape was really angry with him, he had already let him feel that in Potions this afternoon. He hadn't even told Draco yet how many hours of detention he intended to give him – or if Draco would ever get off detention again, for that matter. For just a tiny bit of well-deserved revenge – and Potter and the Weasel had both done worse to him and gone unpunished – but everybody acted like Draco had tried to kill them. He had hoped at least Professor Snape would see his side, but no, not when it was about precious Potter, in the end everybody always sided with stupid Potter! Draco felt like screaming.

Instead, he muttered: “Sorry, Sir. It won't happen again.”

Professor Snape eyed him gloomily and rose from his chair. “Your mother asked me to give this to you, Mr. Malfoy”, he said and held out a red envelope to Draco.

Draco took it with shaky hands and examined it from all sides, timidly looked up to Professor Snape, then back down to the envelope, which was getting hotter in his hands every passing second and by now had started to smoke on the edges. A howler. His parents never had send him a howler before.

“Do open it”, the Professor suggested.

Draco hesitantly broke the seal and immediately the letter exploded in his mother's voice:

“DRACO LUCIUS MALFOY! I RECEIVED THE LETTER FROM SEVERUS LAST NIGHT, POISONING ANOTHER STUDENT, I AM SURPRISED YOU DIDN'T GET EXPELLED ...”, its yells made the jars on the shelf on the back wall rattle and shook dust from the ceiling,

“... I DON'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO TELL YOUR FAHTER, HE WILL DIE OF SHAME. JUST YOU WAIT TILL YOU GET HOME! YOU CAN'T BE SEEN AS A PUBLIC ENEMY OF POTTER, YOU KNOW THAT ...”, his mother continued. Clattering, one of the jars fell to the floor,

“... AND SUCH JUVENILE PRANKS, YOU AREN'T A CHILD ANYMORE, I AM ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED. THIS CHILDISH FEUD ENDS NOW. YOU WILL APOLOGIZE TO POTTER.”

The letter fell silent, burst into flames and fell to the ground in a cloud of ashes. Draco could still hear his mother's voice ringing in his ears. He awkwardly eyed the Professor.

“I trust you will do as your mother told you”, Professor Snape said. His voice sounded strangely dull in the sudden quiet.

Draco nodded silently. At least his mom had spared him the humiliation of receiving the howler in front of the whole school during breakfast – even though he was sure she hadn't done so out of consideration for him but out of shame.

“Good. Now, for your assignment today, if you would follow me to the potions classroom”, Professor Snape said and led the way.

As he entered through the door, the Professor pointed out a bunch of large cauldrons that sat by the sinks.

“Those cauldrons over there need urgent cleaning. Do take special care with those two, dried dragon dung fertilizer is especially nasty to get rid off. You'll find a bucket, wire sponge and everything else you need by the sinks. Your wand, please!”

Professor Snape held out his hand for the wand and Draco resignedly handed it over. With magic he probably would have cleaned all of the cauldrons within five minutes. By hand, it would take him hours and he would scrub his fingers bloody.

Draco went over to fill the bucket with water and began his work. He pushed over the first stinky cauldron – even petrified the dragon dung still gave off a foul odour – and crawled inside to try and attack the burned mess with the wire sponge.

Meanwhile, Professor Snape put Draco's wand on the teacher's desk, sat down in the chair behind the desk and opened some old grimoire. He didn't pay much attention to Draco as he read in silence, but that was fine with Draco.

Apologize to Potter! If only he had killed that twat for real! Then at least he wouldn't have to apologize to him. Draco clenched the wire sponge so hard, it cut into his skin.

It took him almost an hour to scrape the worst of the dragon dung fertilizer deposits off the first cauldron. He rinsed it and drained it into the sink. At the sight of the rushing water, his bladder gave him a gentle nudge, reminding him that he should have taken a detour to the loo after dinner. But it wasn't major and he ignored it.

He put the cauldron on its side again and filled the bucket with fresh water. Then he crawled back inside to attack the remaining residue with soap and a normal sponge. The soap almost made the stench of the fertilizer residue worse and Draco feared he would never get it out of his clothes again. Or out of his hair! Dragondung! He was kneeling in in that mix of unmentionables, the lower part of his trousers were soaked in it! He considered burning that pair of trousers. What was worse, the wetness made him cold and that always made him have to pee. Now that he was aware of his need, his thoughts kept on returning to it.

Finally, the cauldron was all cleaned up – or rather as clean as it would get – and Draco crawled out. His bladder gave him an unhappy twinge when he got up and for a second he had to cross his legs. Then the urge subsided again and he quickly rolled the cauldron over to the sink to rinse it one last time. He nervously stepped from one foot to the other while he watched the flowing water.

He was just about to turn to the second cauldron, when the Professor looked up from his book. “Don't forget to clean off the soot on the outside, I want them polished shining!”

“Yes, Sir”, Draco pressed forth between clenched teeth. He eyed the clock, it had taken him almost two hours to clean just the inside and his hands were killing him. But obediently, he returned to the first cauldron to scrub the outside as well.

The grime clung to the cauldron almost worse than the fertilizer. Draco scratched at it for half an hour before he even started to see metal shine through from under the soot. By the time he was done, he could barely feel his fingers anymore. His bladder, on the other hand, now was constantly on his mind. He crossed his legs again and eyed the clock. The Professor would probably keep him here for at least two more hours! For a second, he considered asking for a bathroom break.

“Professor-”, he began.

“I said shining, Mr. Malfoy!”, Professor Snape cut him off without even looking up from his book.

Draco bit his lips. “Yes, Sir. Sorry, Sir”, he muttered through clenched teeth.

Draco threw down the wire sponge in silent anger and got some clean water and a cloth. Then he started to polish the sodding cauldron, only pausing to give himself a quick squeeze from time to time when an especially bad spasm hit his bladder.

After another twenty minutes, Draco was rewarded by the view of his own reflection in the cauldron. It probably hadn't been that shiny since the day it had been bought.

“Professor?”

“Well, do go on! There are plenty more cauldrons.”

“Yes, Sir.”

Draco obediently turned over the second cauldron. When he got down to his knees, he almost lost a squirt into his pants, he gasped and pressed his legs together with all his might. After a moment, he regained control of his protesting bladder and he deemed it save to move again. His legs securely pressed together, he started to scrape away at the petrified dragon dung fertilizer residue.

He worked as fast as he could. His overstretched bladder was throbbing with every movement and, worse, Draco felt his muscles tiring.

It was so bad, he had to turn off the water and pause while he was rinsing out the cauldron. He desperately crossed his legs.

“Professor Snape!”, he whined.

“What, Mr. Malfoy?” Snape eyed him, half annoyed, half bored.

It took Draco all his willpower to keep from jumping in place or holding himself.

“May I please be excused for a bathroom break?”

“Mr. Malfoy, did you by any chance ingest some of your potion yourself?”

“No”, Draco said sheepishly, still trying desperately not to look desperate.

The Professor looked at the clock. “Detention is over in half an hour”, he informed Draco, “certainly, a boy your age can wait that long.”

Draco bit his lips. He doubted it, but he was too proud to ask again. Instead, he firmly crossed his legs and finished rinsing out the cauldron. Then he got new soap water and crawled back into the cauldron to continue his work. His bladder was spasming madly and he had to pause every few seconds now to hold himself. At least the cauldron hid his pitiful display from Professor Snape's view. Draco's vision got blurry from the tears that welled up in his eyes. At an especially bad stab, he felt a small trickle escape into his briefs.

Draco knew he was at his limit and he was about to undo his pants and relieve himself in the bucket, when the Professor said: “Put away your cleaning utils come over here! You can continue tomorrow.”

Draco quickly put his belt back on and jumped up. “Yes, Sir!”

He felt he dampened his briefs some more as he quickly emptied the bucket in the sink. He ran over to the storeroom and just threw the cleaning stuff into a corner. Then he got back to the Professor and nervously started to march in place in front of his desk. “All done, Sir! May I be relieved now?”

“You may. Same time tomorrow. And don't be late again!”

“Yes, Sir, won't happen again!, Good night, Sir!”, Draco agreed and spun around. Another squirt of piss escaped him.

“Don't forget your wand!”, the Professor called him back.

Draco just wordlessly snatched up the wand from the desk and ran out, with every step loosing another squirt. He barely made it onto the corridor and threw the door shut behind himself, then he just let go. He was only a few short steps away from the bathroom, but he didn't care. He just couldn't bear it anymore. Draco sobbed in relief and frustration as the hot piss seeped through his pants and started to pool around his shoes. It felt so good to finally let it all out! He pissed and pissed, he couldn't believe that his bladder had been able to hold that much pee.

When he was finally done, he just stood there for a moment, his eyes closed, and relished in the dull, empty feeling in his lower abdomen that had replaced the pain. The sound of steps from inside the classroom pulled him back into reality and Draco remembered where he was. He realized, the Professor might come out or someone else might run into him any second. He quickly dried his tears with his sleeve, then he got out his wand and cast a cleaning charm on himself and vanished the huge puddle on the floor.

When he heard the creak of the door handle behind him, Draco just ran and he didn't stop or look back until he had reached the Slytherin Dormitories.

* * *

Theo was in his pajamas, laying on his bed and reading a book. Crabbe and Goyle were already sleeping, snoring peacefully, but Theo was waiting for Draco to return from his detention. Professor Snape was holding him really long. He looked up when Draco burst into the room.

“Hey, you survived!”, Theo grinned, “welcome back!”

Draco hardly looked at him. He just ripped off his clothes and crammed them all into the laundry basket, then he turned around and wordlessly walked back out.

Theo looked after him a bit worried. He knew he shouldn't have let Draco go alone! He knew he shouldn't have let him take all the blame! He closed his book and got up to follow Draco.

He found him in the shower room. Draco was leaning on the wall under one of the showers and just let the water wash over him, his eyes closed and sobbing silently.

“You OK?”, Theo asked, insecure.

Draco didn't answer. Hesitantly, Theo sat down on a bench in the corner. He didn't know what to do, so he just watched Draco and waited. For a long while, Draco just stood there, then he slowly slid down on the wall and sat down on the floor, still crying.

Theo hesitantly got up, went over to Draco and turned off the shower.

“Come on, you'll get a cold!”, he whispered as he wrapped Draco in a towel and helped him dry off. He gently guided Draco over to the bench and sat down with him. Draco leaned heavily against him and Theo put his arm around his shoulders. At another time, Theo would have very much enjoyed the intimacy.

“Are you OK?”, he whispered.

“No”, Draco sniveled silently, “no, I'm not.”

Theo pressed him closer to himself and let him rest his head on his shoulder. They just sat there like that for a while. Theo tried not to look, but he was very aware of Draco's closeness... and his nakedness. That cute little bush of blonde hair that sprouted above Draco's boyhood...

The sound of the door pulled Theo out of his amorous thoughts. Draco had heard it, too. He quickly freed himself from Theo's embrace and moved a few inches away from him, just in time before Blaise entered the washroom. Theo felt a little sting in his chest that Draco still was so embarrassed about being seen with him.

He shot Blaise an angry look. Draco awkwardly eyed the intruder, too, but Blaise didn't pay them much attention. He groggily shuffled over to the urinal and pulled down his pajama pants to take a good, long piss.

Theo got a good sideways view on the action. When Blaise finished and turned back around, their eyes met and Theo realized that he had been staring. He blushed, but Blaise just grinned, readjusted the seat of his pants and winked at him. Then he walked back out.

“Your stiffie is kinda visible through your pajamas”, Draco whispered silently when they were alone.

Theo turned to face Draco and inched closer again, his look slowly wandering down to Draco's member. But Draco awkwardly covered his nether regions with his towel and moved away. For him the moment obviously was over and he wasn't in the mood.

Theo blushed some more, he looked down at the tent in his own pants. “Sorry”, he said, sad.

*032*2015-02-22 17:28

Thank you both! Glad you like it!

Anyone still remember Evan?

Wednesday, November 24th

Harry was on his way down from the Library to the Great Hall for dinner when Evan ran into him. The small boy staggered back and looked up at Harry.

“Sorry, Sir, Mr. Potter! I'm really sorry! I-”, he stammered.

Harry knew Evan because a few weeks ago the boy had asked him and his friends if he might sit with them for lunch. His classmates had been bullying him, he was small for his age and rather shy, and he didn't have many friends.

Harry smiled at him. “Hey, I told you to just call me Harry! What's the hurry?”, he looked Evan over, the boy stood a bit hunched down, so Harry added, worried, “are you OK? Did I hurt you?”

“Sorry, Harry, Sir! No, I mean yes, I mean I am OK. I-I was running from Peeves!”, Evan spluttered, “I was on my way to the loo after Charms class, but when I entered the bathroom on the third floor, Peeves was tinkering with the faucets and when he saw me he started screaming at me and I ran back out but he chased me! And-and he wouldn't leave me alone ever since! I have been running and hiding from him all afternoon, I think he finally gave up, but I-I don't think I was to this part of Hogwarts before. Please, Harry, you have to help me! I am lost and there was no one I knew before I ran into you and I was still afraid of Peeves and-and I really have to peeee!” He ended whiningly.

Harry eyed the boy. Evan was holding himself with both hands and he was desperately crossing his legs. It was obvious he was bursting, Harry had to think fast. They were quite close to the Great Hall, but the way Evan acted, Harry doubted Evan could wait that long. Besides, Harry still remembered all too well how Malfoy had given him a diuretic potion and he had ended up wetting his pants in front of his entire class. The Corridors around the Great Hall would be crowded so close to dinnertime. Harry really didn't want to put Evan through the same humiliation in case the boy didn't make it. The closest bathroom was Myrtle's. Well, it would be deserted for sure at least.

“There's a bathroom on this floor”, Harry said, “it isn't far, just down the hallway.”

Evan groaned silently as he looked down the long corridor, but he nodded. Harry offered him a hand and Evan took it, his other hand still pressed firmly to his groin. Harry started in the direction he had indicated, Evan shuffling after him as fast as he could with his legs firmly pressed together.

Somehow, Harry managed to get Evan to the lavatory in time, but instead of running in Evan suddenly stopped in front of the door.

“What's the matter?”, Harry asked and tried to urge Evan in, but Evan just stood there and looked up at the sign.

“We can't go in there!”, he whined, “that's a girls' toilet!”

Evan panicky looked around for a boys' room, but there wasn't one by Myrtle's bathroom. He was almost in tears.

“It's alright!”, Harry quickly told him, “this bathroom is Moaning Myrtle's place. No one's ever using it because she is haunting it.”

Evan still hesitated, plus now he looked positively scared. He was jumping in place so desperate and pitiable.

Harry took his hand again and pushed the door open. “Come on! See, there is no one here but us!”

He dragged Evan inside and force-walked him to the first toilet stall. Evan looked around, scared, like he expected Myrtle and Peeved both to come floating through the walls screaming at them any second. Harry gave him a push and Evan staggered into the stall, then Harry quickly pulled the door close from the outside.

For a few moments, there was silence and Harry got a second to look around and wonder where Myrtle might be. Not that he wasn't happy she seemed out at the moment. The girl ghost was terminally lonely and she had kind of taken a fancy to him the last year, even though Harry had just spoken a few words with her because he hadn't wanted to be rude. He kind of had tried to avoid her ever since, Myrtle didn't take rejection well.

“Harry! Help!”, Evan sniveled desperately.

Harry pushed the stall door open, fearing Myrtle might have popped up her head from the loo and scared Evan or something alike, but it was just Evan alone. He haltingly shuffled around to turn to Harry. “I can't get my belt undone!”, he whined, “I'm gonna pee my pants!” He desperately tore at the buckle with one hand while he pressed the other to his groin.

Harry sighed. He quickly stepped into the cubicle and knelt down in front of Evan. “Come on, I'll help you!” He had to slap Evans hands away to get at the belt. The buckle really was a bit tight and Evan was squirming and fidgeting so much, Harry had a hard time getting a grip on it. He barked at Evan: “Will you stand still for a second?”

“It's gonna leak!”, Evan cried, but he crossed his legs and obediently managed to stop jumping for almost a second. Harry finally got the belt unbuckled and he quickly opened it. Evan panicky reached for his trouser button, but had trouble with that as well. Harry pushed his hands away again and undid his pants for Evan. He pulled down Evan's trousers and his briefs – which had a tiny yellow spot in the front – down in one go.

Harry was almost rewarded for his good deed by being showered in pee, for Evan was at his limits. Just as Harry pulled down the pants, a shiver ran through the boy and he took in a sharp breath as he unleashed the flood. Harry managed to grab Evan and turn him away in the brink of time. Evan released a huge stream of piss all over the wall and floor of the cubicle before Harry could properly aim him at the toilet.

Just then he heard a giggle behind his back and he turned around. Myrtle was floating half through the floor and watching them.

“Oh, hello Harry! I was just returning from peeking at the boys in the prefect's bathroom when I saw you. That is kind of cute...”, Myrtle said.

Evan was looking over his shoulder, shocked. Staring at the GIRL ghost that was watching him pee messed up his aim, and he pissed all over the seat.

“Hey, watch what you're doing! I live here!”, Myrtle screeched.

Evan panicked even more and tried to stop himself from peeing and to cover his boyhood all at once, but his bladder just wouldn't stop relieving itself now that he had started.

“Give Evan some privacy, Myrtle!”, Harry said.

“Boys are not allowed in here, technically”, Myrtle insisted, sounding a bit miffed. She floated around them to get a better front view of Evan, who was blushing profoundly, but still failing to stop himself from wetting, “your little friend is kind of cute, though.”

“Myrtle!”, Harry told her off.

“I'd let you use my bathroom every day, Harry”, Myrtle purred with a suggestive look down Harry's trousers, then her mood suddenly turned sour again, “but you haven't visited me in months! I bet you hung out with that ugly girl, Hermione!”

Harry had the good sense not to answer.

Meanwhile, Evan had finally finished and, looking haunted, pulled up his pants. Pressed against the cubicle wall opposite to the floating ghost, he inched towards the door.

Myrtle shrieked: “Hey! You gonna leave your mess?”

She dived into the toilet next door, and rushed through the plumbing, screaming.

“N-no! O-of course not!”, Evan croaked and panicky ripped off some toilet paper to mop up the spilled pee. Harry helped him. Myrtle calmed down a bit and poked her head out of the floor again to watch them with a stern face. They quickly finished with the floor and Evan even wiped away the splashes on the wall.

“Flush!”, Harry whispered to him, as Evan threw the last bit of paper in the toilet and turned to leave again. Evan eyed Myrtle – she didn't look happy – and hurriedly followed Harry's suggestion. Then he turned around again.

“Put down the lid!”, Myrtle screeched.

Evan sheepishly did that as well, then Myrtle finally allowed him to flee the stall.

“Boys!”, Myrtle mumbled to herself.

Evan quickly joined Harry at the sink and washed his hands, Harry said goodbye to Myrtle, and they both escaped out onto the corridor. Once they were safely away from Myrtle and her bathroom, Evan turned to Harry. “Thank you, Mr. Potter... Harry! I'm sorry for...”, he trailed off, embarrassed.

Harry smiled at him, warmly. “Don't worry! Let's go get us some dinner, shall we? Want to sit with me and my friends again today?”

Evan smiled back at him and nodded shyly. Harry walked ahead to show him the way and Evan happily fell in besides him.

*034*2015-02-27 17:57

Here you go, although not much Omorashi this Chapter, I'm afraid:

Thursday, December 2nd

Theo and Draco had just had lunch and were on their way to their potions classroom together. Professor Snape had finally let Draco off detention the previous day after two endless weeks of scrubbing cauldrons and cleaning up flobberworm mucus. Draco already seemed in a way better mood than before.

“Remember when I invited you for Christmas?”, Theo seized the opportunity, “You still wanna come?”

He eyed Draco nervously.

To his relief, Draco smiled: “That would be swell!”

“Asked your parents yet?”

Draco shook his head. “They're still angry with me.”

“Still that bad?”

Draco shrugged. “I don't know. I might be grounded for the holidays.”

“Maybe you should apologize to Potter like your mom said”, Theo suggested silently.

“Hell no!”

“Just pretend!”, Theo begged, “I don't want Potter to ruin our Christmas!”

Draco stared at him gloomily and Theo fell silent as well.

When they passed a bathroom, he stopped.

“I gotta take a piss!”, he announced.

Draco eyed him queasily. “I'll wait for you.”

“Why don't you go to the loo as well?”, Theo suggested.

“I don't have to go!”, Draco muttered.

But Theo wouldn't have any of that, he grabbed Draco by his sleeve and gently tugged at it. “Come on, at least try! Or you wanna have to go in class again?”

Draco still felt embarrassed by how unashamed Theo was about bathroom matters, but embarrassing as it was, Draco also was thankful that Theo had made it a habit to look after him like that. He took a hesitant look around to make sure no one was watching, then he followed Theo inside.

Theo walked straight up to the row of urinals and quickly got out his member to take care of his business. Draco awkwardly looked away and slowly made his way over to the toilet stalls.

“By the way, you got that potions essay done?”, Theo asked just as Draco was about to enter the first cubicle. Draco stopped and blushed. He really wasn't comfortable doing small-talk while going to the loo.

“N-no, I just started”, he replied.

“Cool, wanna work on it together tonight?”, Theo asked as he shook off the last drops. He turned around and saw that Draco was still standing in the middle of the room. “Well, hurry up already!”

“I really don't have to go!”, Draco quickly said and turned to leave.

Theo's brows narrowed disapprovingly. “At least try!”, he said, talking to Draco like he was a little kid.

Draco blushed again, but he hesitantly turned back to enter the toilet stall.

A small voice from the next cubicle stopped him: “M-Mr. Malfoy? Draco? H-help!”

Draco's face turned ashen. He was mortified there was someone else in there with them who overheard their embarrassing conversation. He demanded: “Who's there?”

“Evan, Mr. Malfoy, Sir”, the timid voice answered.

Draco heard the lock turn, then the cubicle door opened a crack and a young boy showed his scared face. When he saw the little pest's features, recognition dawned on Draco. That Mudblood Gryffindor kid! Apparently, he had been crying again, his eyes looked puffy and there were fresh tears on his cheeks.

Draco groaned inwardly, but he put up a friendly smile and crouched down in front of Evan. “Evan, what happened? Why are you hiding in here?”

Evan's timid eyes darted over to Theo.

“That's Theodore, he's a friend”, Draco assured him.

Instead of an answer, Evan hesitantly pulled the door fully open, revealing his wet pants and the big puddle in front of the toilet.

“You had another accident?”, Draco asked softly.

Evan nodded, sad.

“Well, that's alright! Those things happen”, Draco comforted him. He got out his wand. “Come on, step outside and let me spell you clean!”

Evan warily eyed Theo, but when Theo smiled at him as well, and reassured him that it was OK, he hesitantly stepped forward as Draco had told him.

Draco raised his wand and said the incantations of a cleaning charm. It ran down Evan's pants, vanishing all traces of wetness.

Just at that moment, Potter barged into the room. He stopped right in his tracks and stared at Draco and Evan. Draco was still pointing his wand at the younger boy and the tears on Evan's face were plain visible. Potter didn't bother to ask what was going on, he immediately drew his own wand.

Threatening, he demanded: “Get away from him, Malfoy!”

Draco turned around to face him and Theo, too, reached for his wand.

“This is none of your business, Potter! Get out!”, Draco spat.

“Oh, yes, it is! Evan, come over here! What did they do to you?”

Evan had silently watched their exchange in growing fear. Now he stepped in front of Draco and, though his voice trembled, he yelled: “No, Harry, it's not what-”

“We were just teaching the brat a lesson!”, Draco cut him off. He put a heavy hand on Evan's shoulder and silently hissed into his ear: “Not a word! Owl food, remember?”

Then he gave Evan a sudden shove and the boy staggered forward in Potter's direction. “Off you go! And you better remember that lesson!”, Draco called after him.

Evan looked back at him, scared, then he turned around and made a run for the exit, but Potter caught him at the arm. “Evan, what did they do?”, he demanded.

“Let go!”, Evan whined, “let go of me!”

Potter hesitantly released him and Evan ran out. Potter didn't think of lowering his wand, though. He angrily eyed Draco and Theo, who both in turn were pointing their wands at him.

Draco stepped forward, but Theo shot him a pleading look. Draco hesitated.

“It's two against one, Potter”, Theo suggested urgently, “how about we all lower our wands, and the two of us get out and leave you to do what you came in here for?”

Potter measured Draco a moment longer, and Draco returned his hateful stare with one of pure contempt. He almost hoped Potter would try something stupid, but finally Potter gave in: “Sure.”

Very slowly they all lowered their wands. Without turning their back on Potter, Draco and Theo went over to the exit, and, eying them warily, Potter stepped aside to let them pass. None of them let go of their wands before the door had closed between them.

*039*2015-03-06 17:06

@Secretboy: Thanks!

@MysteryGirl373: I have the next few chapters planned already and sadly there isn't much room for teachers, but I'll try to come up with some ideas.

@SeverusSnapeFan: Sorry! If that's all that is putting you off and you still want to read the story, you could try the version over at Archive of Our Own for an easier to read version. Or download it as an ebook from there.

By the way, that is the last chapter that is done. I'm still working on the next one(s). I can't promise another update this weekend, but I'll try.

Saturday, December 4th

Theo waited until Crabbe and Goyle had left for breakfast, then he quickly got up and ran over to the door. He looked after the two to make sure they were gone for real, then he hastily closed the door and put a ward on it. The lock audibly clicked. With a mischievous grin, Theo spun around to Draco, who was still lying in his bed, sleeping like a baby. Theo silently shed his pajamas and went over to crouch down besides him. He whispered: “Good morning, sleepyhead!”, and pressed a kiss on Draco's cheek.

Draco's eyes fluttered open. “Hrmm...?”, he mumbled, still half asleep, and smiled, “Theo? ...morning!” Then shocked realization crept on his face and he pushed Theo away.

“Good morning!”, Theo repeated with an even wider smile.

Draco panicky looked around for Crabbe and Goyle, but when he saw that he was alone with Theo, he relaxed again. Theo bend over to press another kiss on Draco's lips, this time Draco didn't shove him away but eagerly kissed him back.

After a short eternity, their lips parted again. Theo whispered: “Feeling better today then?”

Draco smiled at him and nodded: “Yeah.”

He took another look around to make sure no one was watching and reached for his wand like usual, but Theo stopped him.

“Ah, no, no, no!”, he grinned evilly.

“But-”, Draco said. Embarrassed, he took a pointed look down at his crotch.

Theo lifted up Draco's blanket to examine the wetness. With a smile, he raised it even higher and tried to climb into bed with Draco.

“No! Stop! What are you doing? What if Crabbe or Goyle see us?”, Draco panicked. Just now he realized that Theo was butt naked. Draco's startled eyes focused on Theo's member, which was proudly pointing up with more than just the beginning of an erection.

“They're at breakfast, they won't get back for at least an hour”, Theo cooed.

“But what if they do?”, Draco insisted, “what if someone else walks in on us?”

“I warded the door”, Theo whispered and despite Draco's resistance crawled under the blanket.

“But-, but-”, Draco stammered, “it's all wet, you'll get my pee all over you!”

Theo snug up close to him, he could feel the clammy wetness of Draco's pajamas between them. It instantly made him even harder. “You really think I'll mind?”, he breathed into Draco's ear.

Draco blushed.

Theo climbed atop of him and pulled down Draco's pants while his other hand wandered over Draco's chest. Draco was already having an erection, too! Naughty boy! Theo's grin widened, he whispered: “Now who's desperate for some attention? You totally have a stiffie, too!”

Draco turned completely red and looked away. “I just have to pee, that's all”, he mumbled, avoiding Theo's eyes. He was so cute when he was embarrassed!

Theo started to grind against him, their members were touching, rubbing against each other. Draco moaned silently. Theo could feel the moisture on Draco's skin, he felt it on himself as well. Then Theo reached down and took them both in his hand. Draco gasped, but he didn't resist. Slowly, Theo started jerking them together. With his other hand, he caressed Draco's stomach and chest and tried to spread the wetness even further. He playfully twisted Draco's nipple, Draco moaned and squirmed under him, the liar was so enjoying himself!

Draco forced a kiss on him. He felt Draco's hands on his back, caressing him, felt how they made their way down to his butt, fondled his hips. Suddenly, Draco grabbed both Theo's buttocks and started thrusting against him. Theo broke their kiss and gasped in surprise, but he quickly adjusted his rhythm to Draco's movements. Draco's breath came in laboured bursts, Theo was panting, too. He started to move his hips as well, his dick was throbbing so madly, he was so close. He closed his eyes.

“Wait!”, Draco moaned, “I'm... almost there... too!”

“I can't!” Theo gasped.

He tried to hang in there, but he just couldn't. He shivered. Then, with another gasp he spilled himself between them. As the sensation of the orgasm rushed over him, Theo stopped moving and for a moment only Draco continued to thrust against him. Then Theo grabbed Draco's dick again and a few strokes later, Draco, too, reared up and violently released his seed.

They both collapsed on top of each other, exhaustedly, panting madly, a new, hot stickiness between them.

After they had finally caught their breath, they shared another long kiss. Then Theo rolled off of Draco and snug up to his side, taking in the clammy wetness of the fabric around them. Draco put his arm around his shoulders.

“About the sleepover”, Draco murmured.

For a second, Theo stopped caressing Draco's chest and worriedly looked him in the eyes. He was still afraid that Draco would say no.

“Yeah?”, he asked, nervously.

“Wrote the letter asking my parents yesterday”, Draco whispered.

“Did they say yes?”, Theo burst out.

“Didn't even send it yet. I'll do it first thing after breakfast today”, Draco gleefully teased and nibbled at Theo's ear.

Theo squealed and tried to wiggle away from Draco. Draco grinned even more and pinned him down to force him into another kiss and Theo eagerly returned it. He put his arms around Draco to try and pull him back into a close embrace, but after a moment, Draco broke the kiss and moved away.

“Hey, let's cuddle some more!”, Theo protested.

“I honestly have to pee”, Draco complained and sat up.

“Good!”, Theo grinned and reached for him to pull him back under the blanket.

Draco brushed off his hand. He said: “Someone will catch us!”

“No one can get in”, Theo reminded him.

“They'll wonder why we locked ourselves in and they'll put two and two together!”

Draco stood up, snatched up his wand and cast a cleaning spell on his pajamas. He turned to do the same with the bed.

“I'll take care of that!”, Theo quickly stopped him.

Draco eyed him skeptically, but with a shrug he put the wand back down. Theo drew up the blanket and poutingly watched Draco as he first took off his pajamas, stuffed them in the laundry basket and then made his way over to the door. Once there, Draco turned back to him.

“Well, hurry up already!”, he demanded.

“Yeah, yeah”, Theo complained. Without getting up from bed, he reached for Draco's wand and pointed it at the door. He murmured the counter-spell and the door clicked open.

“You take care of you-know-what?”, Draco asked and queasily eyed his bed,”You coming?”

“Yes! Yes! I'll be right behind you!”, Theo said, annoyed.

Draco gave him another dubious look, then he turned to the door. The second he was outside, Theo raised the wand again and said the incantation of the warding spell. The door swung shut with a loud thump and locked itself.

“Hey! What-”, he heard Draco's surprised voice from outside.

Theo ignored him. With a satisfied sigh, he lay back down. Finally, he was able to savour the wetness of Draco's bed in peace for a little while longer. He wiggled deeper under the blanket. The piss was all over him, he could feel its clamminess on his skin. If he inhaled deeply, he could even smell a hint of it. He shuffled around in the wetness some more until he came to lie on his back. He reached down to his member – it was already completely stiff again – and pointed it at his tummy. Then he tried to relax and force a small bit of pee out. It pooled on his stomach and started to run down on his sides. Theo reached for the hot wetness and rubbed it all over his chest. He moaned silently, then he lifted up the blanket with one hand and grabbed his stiffie with the other. He pointed it up some more, so the next gush of pee hit his chest. He continued to release small squirts of pee all over himself and slowly began to wank off again.

* * *

Draco jerked around sharply as he heard the door fall into its lock behind him.

“Hey! What-”, he exclaimed, but he couldn't help but grin. “Stupid prat!”, he silently cursed Theo.

With a silly smile on his face, he turned back around and went over to the washroom. It was quite late and most students probably were already at breakfast, so the bathroom was almost deserted. The only other boys inside were Blaise Zabini and two older kids. One of them was busy styling his hair in the mirror, while Blaise was chatting with the other near the showers. Draco awkwardly went past the three and quickly got to the toilet stalls.

“Morning, Draco!”, Blaise happily called, just as Draco was about to enter the cubicle furthest away.

All three looked over to him.

Draco blushed, muttered a “Hi, Blaise!”, hurriedly fled into the stall and closed the door behind himself.

Slowly, he turned towards the toilet. He could hear them chatting and laughing outside. Draco swallowed. A minute passed, but the three didn't leave. Then another minute. Draco started to squirm. He fucking had to pee! He silently ripped off a piece of toilet paper and carefully dropped it into the toilet to cover the water, so it would silence the splashing from his pee hitting the water. Then he took aim and tried to relax. They were still outside, he couldn't do it. Relax! He closed his eyes and took slow, deep breaths. Relax! Just relax! A small trickle came out and hit the bowl, it was far too loud. Draco immediately cramped up again and the trickle stopped.

He panicky listened, expecting Blaise and the other to have fallen silent or to start laughing any second, but they just continued to chat about Quidditch. Draco sighed silently and, a tiny bit mollified, he concentrated again. After what felt like an eternity, he managed to force a few more drops out. This time, the dam broke and the trickle turned into a small stream. The toilet paper helped muffle the splashing, but it still sounded like thunder in Draco's ears. The guys outside just had to hear everything! When Draco finally, finally was done, his face burned red hot with embarrassment. He flushed and quickly got out.

He didn't make eye-contact with any of the three when he went past them to wash his hands and brush his teeth. While he was at it, Blaise and one of the older guys finally decided to leave. The remaining kid was still busily arranging his hair into long spikes, it kind of made him resemble a hedgehog. He probably thought it looked cool, not ridiculous. Draco quickly rinsed his mouth and ran over to the showers before he lost it and laughed out loud or the guy noticed him watching him.

Draco usually took his sweet time under the shower, he enjoyed the feeling of the hot water gently massaging his skin and the clean feeling it left him with afterwards. Today though, his rumbling tummy reminded him that he better hurry if he wanted to get to the Great Hall in time to still get some breakfast.

Despite his haste, he made sure to thoroughly wash his stomach and privates before he quickly rinsed off. The cleaning spell had already removed any visible stickiness, but it hadn't done anything to remove the dirty feeling down there. By the time Draco had toweled off, the hedgehog was gone. Draco dropped the towel and followed him outside.

When he tried the door to his room, it was still locked. Draco knocked.

“Open up!”, he whispered, “Theo, it's me, open the door!”

Inside, nothing moved.

“It's me, Draco, let me in!”, he demanded, louder.

Nothing. Draco tried the handle again and banged at the door.

“Merlin's pants! Theo, stop jerking off and open the fucking door!”, he shouted.

He kicked at the door, but it didn't even budge.

“Theodore Nott, you steaming pile of dragon shit, let me in immediately!”

“Problem?”, a voice behind him chuckled.

Draco jerked around. Blaise eyed him questioningly and casually leaned against the wall, an evil smile on his face.

“Theo locked me out of our dorm. That idiot probably thinks himself funny!”, Draco explained.

Blaise's eyes wandered down to Draco's boyhood, remained there just long enough to make Draco blush, then slowly back up to his face. He grinned: “It kinda is.”

“No, it's not!”, Draco snapped, annoyed.

“Yeah, it is!”, Blaise burst out laughing.

Draco stared at him angrily, but he swallowed his pride. Awkwardly, he asked: “Look, man, can I borrow some pants from you? And a shirt.”

Blaise snickered evilly. He took his sweet time pretending to think over the question, but in the end he took pity on Draco. Still grinning like a fool, he wordlessly motioned Draco to follow him and led him over to his room.

Blaise went over to the big, wooden chest at the foot of his bed and rummaged through it. After a moment, he produced a washed-out pair of jeans and a shirt. Generously, Blaise even added in some socks and an old pair of boxers. Draco awkwardly eyed them. Someone else's USED underwear.

“Thanks”, he murmured.

Blaise saw his reluctance. “You're not wearing my jeans going commando”, he told Draco.

Draco still hesitated. Unhappy, he examined the boxers. At least there were no pee stains – or worse – on them. None that he could see.

“They're fresh from the laundry, honest!”, Blaise said.

Draco suppressed a shudder as he slowly stepped into the pair of boxers and pulled them up. They felt uncomfortable and awkward, and Draco couldn't get the thought out of his head that Blaise had worn these before. It didn't help matters that Draco was used to briefs. The boxers were awfully loose around his hips and he could feel his junk dangle freely down his left leg.

When he put the borrowed jeans over them, he promptly and painfully pinched his nuts. His eyes watered, but he bit his lips and didn't utter a sound. He quickly eyed Blaise, luckily the other boy hadn't noticed. Draco swallowed a curse and adjusted the seat of his trousers into a more comfortable position. Stupid boxers! Why anyone would choose to wear boxers, let alone how they walked or sat in them was a mystery to him.

Finally, he was fully dressed and he carefully followed Blaise out to have breakfast. Blaise had hardly sat down before he, of course, had to tell the whole table about Draco's little misadventure. At least everyone just assumed Theo had played a fun prank on him and no one suspected any worse. In the end, Draco even joined in on the laughter.

When he returned to their dormitories about half an hour later, the door to their room was open, Draco's bed was dry and neatly made, and there was no sign of Theo. Draco quickly ran in and changed into his own clothes. The boxers hadn't been as bad as he had first thought – except for the one time he had tried to cross his legs while sitting and almost castrated himself, that was. Still, he was relieved when he could put on a pair of his briefs again and he felt their familiar snug fit around his junk and the security they gave him.

When he had fully dressed, he folded up the borrowed clothes and went over to Blaise's room to return them. Blaise was sitting on his bed, reading. He looked up as Draco entered.

“Thanks again”, Draco said, still a bit embarrassed.

Blaise gave him a naughty grin and took all the clothes except for the pair of boxers back from him. “You're welcome! You... uh... can keep the boxers!”, he said awkwardly.

“No, thanks!”, Draco tried to push them on Blaise.

“No, honest, keep them!”, Blaise insisted.

He obviously had the same issues about someone else's used underwear as Draco. They uncomfortably eyed each other, but neither said it out loud. In the end, Draco gave in and kept the boxers, though he threw them in the trash immediately first thing he was back in his room.

*042*2015-03-16 21:40

Thank you, I'm glad you liked it!

Since the next chapter is rather short and doesn't contain any omorashi, here are the next two:

Monday, December 6th

Harry poked at his bowl of porridge without eating much, he wasn't in a good mood this morning. Professor McGonagall was going to take the names of those students who would be staying at Hogwarts over Christmas. Of course Harry would be one of them, he had no family to go home to. He sure wasn't going to go back to the Dursleys!

“It's only two weeks”, Hermione tried to comfort him.

She was going skiing with her parents.

“We'll have lots of fun together!”, Ron said, cheerful, with a mouth full of egg and bacon.

Harry gave them a weak smile before he looked back down on his porridge and resumed his aimless stirring. He knew Ron was only staying to keep him company, Ginny and his brothers were all going home to the Burrow over the holidays.

“You should celebrate Christmas with your family”, he said silently, “I know you want to. You don't have to stay just because of me.”

“Nonsense! I can't wait to be rid of Fred and George for a few days!”, Ron lied.

Harry eyed him sadly. “Honestly, I'll be OK”, he said, unconvincing.

“I told you I'm staying, so I am staying!”, Ron spluttered and showered Harry in bits of baked eggs, “you'll have to live with my company if you like it or not!”

They were interrupted by the fluttering of hundreds of owls that swooped into the Great Hall, delivering the morning post. With the exception of Hagrid or Ron and Hermione nobody ever wrote to Harry, so he was quite startled when suddenly a huge eagle owl plunged down right at him and dropped a letter in his lap.

Harry hesitantly picked it up and turned it around in his hands. The envelope was sealed with a kind of emblem that looked like a big, squiggly “M”. Above the strange seal, the words “to Mr. Harry Potter” were written in delicate script. Ron looked over curiously, his brows narrowed when he saw the emblem.

Carefully, Harry broke the seal and opened the letter.

“Dear Mr. Potter,

My dearest Harry,

I was distraught to hear about the horrible business with Sirius Black, I can't even imagine the fear you must have gone through. I hope you are alright!

We heard you spend your last Christmas alone at Hogwarts. What a terrible thing for a young boy like yourself! My husband and I would like to invite you to spend your Christmas vacation with our family at the safety of our home this year.

Our son Draco is very much looking forward to your visit just as we are. He talks about you all the time. You just have to come!

Kindest regards,

Narcissa Malfoy”

Harry stared at the letter. He read it a second time, but he still failed to fully process the words.

“Fucking pile of dragon d-”, Ron, who had been reading over his shoulder, spat.

“Ron!”, Hermione interrupted him. She looked over Harry, worried, she asked: “Are you OK, Harry? You look like someone just died.”

Harry didn't react until Ron shook his shoulder. “Harry?”

Wordlessly, he handed the letter to Hermione. She silently read through it.

“I don't think you should go”, she hesitantly suggested as she gave the letter back.

“Of course he can't go!”, Ron spluttered, “it's a trap!”

“Of course I won't go!”, Harry declared.

He looked over to the Slytherin table, Malfoy was holding a letter in his hands as well and he was clutching it so hard, his knuckles had turned completely white. He was staring directly at Harry, bloody murder in his eyes. Harry quickly turned away again, though he could still feel the hateful gaze in his neck. There was no chance in hell he was going to spend his holidays with that asshole!

“It'd be a huge insult to Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy if you don't – I mean, you obviously can't go, just you'll have to be really careful with how you word your reply”, Ron muttered, awkward.

“Fuck them!”

“Harry!”, Hermione told him off.

Harry turned his eyes on her, angry.

Defensively, she said: “Ron kind of has a point.”

“Then it's a good thing that I won't answer”, Harry stubbornly decided.

They all fell silent and stared at each other gloomily.

The next time any of them said anything was when Professor McGonagall came by to ask Hermione if she was going to stay at Hogwarts over Christmas.

“I'm going home to my parents. We're going skiing”, Hermione explained.

“Well, have fun, Miss Granger!”, McGonagall smiled and made a note on her list, “you'll go home like your siblings, I presume, Mr. Weasley?”

“No, I'll be staying at Hogwarts”, Ron quickly interjected.

The Professor eyed him curiously and made another note, then she turned to Harry.

“I-”, Harry said.

“I already know”, Professor McGonagall said, “Mrs. Malfoy wrote me a letter explaining everything. I think it's great you and young Mr. Malfoy finally made up with each other!”

She had already half turned away.

“I'm not going!”, Harry called after her.

“What?”, she asked, confused.

“I'm staying at Hogwarts!”, Harry insisted.

“Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy went to great trouble to invite you. They were very concerned when they heard you spend your last Christmas alone. I think it's very generous of them-”

“It's a trap!”, Ron blurted out.

McGonagall furrowed her brows. “Nonsense!”

“Mr. Malfoy tried to kill me!”, Harry reminded her.

“We went over that. We agreed it was all a horrible misunderstanding!”, McGonagall said.

“No, it wasn't”, Harry muttered.

“You can't go around telling people that, Potter!”, the Professor reprimanded him.

“You know it's true!”, Ron interjected.

“Dobby confirmed it, too!”, Hermione agreed.

Professor McGonagall sighed: “The word of a house-elf and a child! We can't accuse Lucius Malfoy with nothing more than that!”

“What if they're in league with Black?”, Harry asked.

“Look, Potter, the Malfoys won't do anything to you while you're their guest. You'll be perfectly save. And I really think it is past time you learned to get along with their son.”

“But-”, Harry said.

“You're going, Mr. Potter, that is my final word”, McGonagall told him and turned away.

Harry, Ron and Hermione stared after her, speechless.

They went to Dumbledore right after breakfast to beseech him to intervene. The headmaster patiently listened to all their objections, he even repeatedly offered each of them some jelly slugs or a biscuit, but in the end he agreed with Professor McGonagall. Harry grudgingly resigned to his fate. At least this way, Ron would go home and spend Christmas with his family after all.

Monday, December 20th

“Draco, dear, would you come to the parlour for a moment? Your father and I would like to speak to you.”

Draco didn't look up as his mom called. He clenched his hands into fists. He hated this! He hated it, he hated it, he hated it!

“Draco, didn't you hear?”

He heaved a sigh and called: “Yes, mom, I'm on my way!”

Angry, he pushed his chair back and got up. Potter was due to arrive shortly, his parents would want Draco to greet him. He felt more like choking the asshole to death. Now that pile of dragon shit was even going to ruin his holidays! Eyes on the floor, Draco walked out of his room, down the corridor and the stairs, through the hall and over to the parlour.

“There you are at last!”, his mom said, “oh, honey, would you just look at yourself! Harry will be here shortly!” She got down to tug at his shirt and ruffle through his hair.

Draco tried to get her hands off of him. His hair was fine!

“Your mom and I wanted to go through some rules with you we set for this visit”, his dad said.

Draco stared at him hostilely.

“You will politely greet Harry when he arrives, and then you will properly apologize to him for that awful and dangerous prank you played on him!”, his mom said.

“I'm not apologizing to that prick”, Draco murmured under his breath.

“What was that?”, his mom asked.

“I'm not apologizing!”

“Don't talk back to your mother!”, his dad yelled at him, “your hand!”

Draco stared at him defiantly.

“Now!”, his dad demanded, dangerously silent.

Draco slowly raised his right hand, palm up, and closed his eyes. His dad slapped his cane right across his palm. Draco suppressed a cry of pain and pressed his hand to his chest. It burned like fire. He blinked away tears from his eyes.

“You will apologize to Potter!”

“Yes, Sir”, Draco pressed forth between clenched teeth.

“While Potter is here, you will be on your absolute best behaviour! No arguing, no fighting! You will be polite and friendly to Potter, and you will treat him like a guest! You will not embarrass me again or so Merlin help you!”

His dad measured him with his eyes and Draco stared back angrily.

“One more thing”, his dad said and held out his hand, demandingly, “your wand!”

“What? No! Father, you-”, Draco started.

His dad lifted his cane again.

“-yes, Sir”, Draco finished.

He handed over his wand and watched as his father took it and went over to his study to lock it away.

“It is for the best, honey, you know you sometimes have your father's temperament. It's only a few days, you'll get it back once Harry has left”, his mom whispered to him, “come, let's get over to the fireplace to greet your guest, he should arrive any minute!”

Draco just looked at her darkly.

Potter made them wait, adding insult to injury. When the flames in the fireplace finally roared up and turned green, Draco's dad had already rejoined them. A moment later, Potter stepped out of the flames, dragging his trunk after him. He looked around warily.

Draco's mom gave Draco a push and he hesitantly stepped forward.

“Hello, Potter”, he muttered without looking the asshole in the eyes.

“Malfoy”, Potter returned icily.

“Welcome to our home!”, Draco's mom piped in.

His dad just nodded silently, the hate in his eyes as he faced Potter barely concealed.

Potter eyed Draco's parents distrustful. “Hello”, he murmured.

There was an awkward silence and Draco's mom tried to give Draco signals with her eyes. Draco ignored her.

“Before he shows you your room, Draco wanted to tell you something”, she prompted.

Draco bite his lips, his mom stared at him. He pressed forth: “I wanted to say I'm sorry.”

'Go on', his mom's eyes seemed to say.

Draco turned back to Potter.

“For slipping you the diuretic. It-it was a childish thing to do and dangerous and stupid”, he swallowed, “I'm sorry and I'm glad you're OK.”

Potter returned Draco's stare just as coldly.

“Don't forget the snake”, he silently reminded him.

Draco grimaced. He had managed to keep that embarrassing incident from his parents till now.

“And for setting the snake on you”, he agreed, grinding his teeth, “I'm sorry for that, too.”

By the look his father gave him, this wouldn't be the last he heard of it. Setting a snake on a Parselmouth. Twice! Dragon dung, his dad so was going to skin him alive for his stupidity!

Potter had noticed, too, and he grinned, spiteful. “I accept your apology”, he said pompously, his hateful eyes speaking an entirely different language.

“Why don't you show Harry to his room, dear?”, Draco's mom interrupted their staring contest.

Without a word, Draco turned around and walked out into the hall. At the door, he turned back. Potter was still standing there, stupidly looking at him. “This way!”, Draco told him.

Potter picked up his trunk and dragged it after him, slowly making his way over. Draco turned back around and went ahead to the first floor. Potter's trunk was heavy and he was obviously struggling to pull it up the stairs. Draco just leaned on the railing and watched.

When Potter, breathing heavily, had finally made it all the way up to the first floor, Draco led him down the corridor to his room. His mom had put Potter in the guest room right next to Draco's own rooms.

“This is where you'll stay”, he told Potter as he opened the door and entered first.

Potter followed him inside and with an exhausted sigh dropped down the trunk. He awkwardly looked around before he went over to the huge double bed, tested the mattress with his hand and clumsily sat down at the foot end, still surreptitiously examining his surroundings. Draco fought a smile. Potter tried to hide it, but he was impressed by the size of the room.

“Sorry about the accommodations”, he said, “I know it's rather small.”

Potter forced himself to stop gawking at the bedpost that was covered in delicate ornaments in the form of snakes. Still trying his best to look unimpressed, but failing, he said: “No, it's OK.”

They both fell silent and there was an uneasy pause. Potter resumed staring at the furniture and Draco wasn't sure what to do with him next. He knew he was supposed to entertain him as a guest he just didn't want to.

“Want to see my rooms?”, he finally asked.

Potter got up, Draco took it as a yes.

He led him over. “This is my den”, he explained as he entered the first room. He dismissively pointed at the shelves that covered almost the entire right wall, “I keep most of my stuff here.”

Potter stared at the rows and rows of magical gizmos and books and toys, round-eyed. Draco followed Potter's look and smirked. He couldn't help but brag a little. “My dad gave me that telescope for my last birthday. My old one must still be around here somewhere... those gobstones are actual jewels. And don't touch that dragon, it's not a toy, it's antique!”, he said smugly, “oh, and it bites”, he added as the statue snapped at Potter's hand.

Potter picked up Draco's old toy Snitch from the shelves and held it up on his palm. It was covered in dents and scratches and its once glossy surface had long since turned dull. Slowly, it unfolded its wings and with laboured flaps it rose up to sluggishly dance around the room. Draco quickly snatched it out of the air. “That's my first practice Snitch”, he said, embarrassed by the crappy toy, “I don't even know why I haven't thrown it away long ago. I got plenty better ones!”

Despite his words, he carefully put the dented gold globe back onto the little cushion it sat on in the shelf. He turned around and quickly walked over to the open door to his second room.

“Over here is my bedroom”, he explained. He let Potter have a glimpse at his big canopy bed, then he closed the door again.

Draco sat down backwards on his desk chair.

Pointing at his armchair, he gregariously offered: “Have a seat!”

Potter slowly came over. For a while they sat there in silence, avoiding each other's gaze. Potter tried not to show it, but his eyes kept wandering around, looking at all the stuff Draco owned. Draco noticed it with some satisfaction. Potter probably hadn't ever even seen the likes of half these things – certainly not at his Muggle home!

Finally, Draco cleared his throat. He asked: “Truce?”

Hesitantly, he offered his hand.

Potter just stared at him darkly, unmoving.

“Look”, Draco tried to be reasonable, “I know you don't want to be here. And just so you know, you're ruining my holiday plans as well!”

Potter still ignored the outstretched hand. He turned away and gloomily contemplated the staring glass eye that sat on Draco's desk and glared back at the both of them. Draco slowly lowered his hand. He ground his teeth.

“Be reasonable, Potter! My parents are gonna skin both of us alive if we don't get along. Would you rather have stayed back at Hogwarts alone? Or gone to that Muggle family of yours that doesn't want you?”, Draco couldn't refrain from throwing that last jab at Potter.

He sure hit a wound spot, for Potter's expression darkened with anger. He smirked at Draco: “They'll skin you alive, you mean.”

Draco glared at him. He so hated that spiteful prick! Through clenched teeth he said: “Look, you can either fight me and I swear I'll make your stay hell as well. Or you agree to play along, maybe then my parents will even allow you to visit the Weasel brood or your Mudblood sweetheart Granger for an afternoon or two and I get to spend a few hours with-”, he awkwardly stopped himself, then he quickly continued, “-without you. Truce?”

He extended his hand again.

Potter didn't seem to see the offered hand, he asked: “With whom?”

“None of your fucking business! Do we have a deal?”

Potter stared at him a long moment before he finally took Draco's hand. “Truce”, he agreed. Neither of them looked particularly comfortable with the idea and they both quickly withdrew their hands and looked away from each other again.

Draco sat there in silence, staring at the floor, the table, the door. Anywhere but at Potter. He shot a surreptitious glance at Potter. The kid was staring intently the other way as well. This was stupid!

“So”, Draco said to no one in particular, “since we kinda sorta have a truce and since you're like a guest, wanna play a game or something?”

“Like what?”, Potter asked.

Draco's eyes wandered over to the shelves. Potter would probably be envious of his limited edition 'Snitch Snatcher!'-game, but that wasn't fun with only two players. Gobstones, no, that was for children. “How about chess?”, he asked.

Potter smiled: “Cool! But I warn you, I'm a good at chess! I play it all the time with Ron!”

“Good”, Draco agreed.

In all honesty, he didn't like how confident Potter looked. Wizard's chess was one of Draco's favorite games and the last thing he needed was Potter beating him at yet another thing that he had trained so hard to get good at. Dragon shit! There was no way that twit was better than him at chess!

He put his board on the table and set up the pieces. Potter looked at the figurines, awed. Draco smirked, but he said nothing. He had gotten this set from his aunt, all pieces were exquisitely hand-carved from ivory and ebony.

“If you're so good, wanna play by tournament rules?”, he asked, casually.

Potter quickly nodded, “sure”, he said, but he suddenly sounded a lot less confident than he probably tried to seem. Draco took note of his uneasiness with some satisfaction.

He put his chess clock on the table as well. Since Potter was the guest, Draco let him have the first move.

At first Draco was on edge and very careful about his moves. He definitely didn't want to loose to Potter. However, he soon realized that, despite Potter's earlier boasting, his nervousness was completely unfounded. Potter, in fact, stank at chess.

His chess pieces thought so, too.

“No, no, don't move me there!”, the white knight complained, “move the bishop!”

He hacked at Potter with his sword as Potter tried to pick up the intractable figure to force it to move. Potter hurriedly withdrew his hand and sheepishly examined the board again. More of his pieces began talking all over each other, giving him contradictory advice. Finally, Potter awkwardly commanded the bishop forward.

Draco slew it with his queen. “Check”, he announced. Potter's pieces muttered to each other even more. Two more inept moves from Potter and Draco had him in checkmate.

In their second game, Potter played more careful and took his sweet time to make his moves, he actually ran out of time only half-way through the game, though Draco didn't mention it. He easily beat Potter again.

However, he couldn't savour his victory. This was no fun, there was no challenge in winning against that fool. No satisfaction in it, it was too easy.

“Let's do something else”, Draco suggested.

Potter looked down at the chess board, unhappy. He uncomfortably shifted around in his seat. “No”, he demanded, “I almost beat you this time! Give me at least one more re-match!”

Draco eyed him pityingly. If the idiot wanted to be beaten up again, who was he to deny him? He shrugged. “Alright.”

He reset up the clock and made sure that this time they had double the previous time limit each. Then he let Potter have the first move.

Draco only paid half attention to the game, he knew he could easily beat his foe. Potter apparently realized it, too, for he grew increasingly fidgety and took more and more time to make his moves.

“Queen to F3”, Draco ordered with hardly a glance at the board, “take his knight!”

“Are you sure?”, the uppity figurine asked.

Draco harrumphed: “Just do as I say!”

Obediently, the black queen moved forward.

“Check”, Draco said.

Potter chewed on his lips as he concernedly examined the board. He nervously bumped his leg up and down.

“Rook to F3”, he finally said.

Draco jerked around as he heard the command, he immediately realized his mistake. Panicky, he looked over his position. Dragon dung! Had he just handed this game to Potter?

The only question was: Did the twit realize it, too? He couldn't let that stupid show-off beat him again! Not him! Not Potter, who was raised by Muggles and was almost a Mudblood himself! Not in this! Not in something that Draco should be so much his better! Not again!

Potter probably thought he had him in a tight spot, too – and rightfully so – but he was still anxious he had missed something. His face was one of utter concentration and he nervously drummed his fingers on the table as he waited for Draco to make his next move. Sadly, though, Draco saw no way to recover his board – short of Potter making an equally stupid move. He shot him an angry glance. At least, he would make the asshole work as hard as possible for his undeserved victory!

Potter was bumping up and down his knee again, shaking the table a little every time. His seeming inability to sit still was kinda annoying and it actually started to get on Draco's nerves. Just when he was about to snap at the stupid kid to sit still for just a second, Potter stood up. Draco looked at him questioningly.

“Erm, could you tell me where the bathroom is?”, Potter murmured, a bit embarrassed.

Suddenly, Draco realized the reason for his foe's nervousness. He asked: “So you're giving up?”

“No”, Potter said, “I just need a bathroom break!”

“Well”, Draco mused, now seriously fighting a mischievous grin, “if you leave, you forfeit the game. Those are the rules.”

“Come on, Malfoy, that's bullshit!”

“You wanted to play by tournament rules!”, Draco insisted, “to how many tournaments have you actually been? I've been to many, I know the rules!”

Of course, he was telling a whole pile of dragon shit. The other kids at the tournaments took bathroom breaks all the time, even teens far older than him. It was really annoying. Naturally, Draco never had interrupted a game to go to the loo, not even on his first tournament when he had been only eight years old. He had been so excited and he had had to go so badly, but he had had some pride! He looked over to the small trophy that sat by his old toy snitch on the shelf. He had even made it third place in that tournament, despite being one of the youngest. Of course, his dad hadn't praised him, oh no! He had been furious because Draco had lost his last match to some Mudblood kid. Draco sighed.

“Sorry, Potter, I can't change the rules! I thought you were serious, but if this is just some children's game to you...”, he trailed off.

Potter actually swallowed his lie! Determined, he sat back down. He made a quick and badly planned out move and Draco managed to threaten both Potter's remaining knight and his bishop. He smirked. Maybe he could still win after all! Potter was scissoring his legs, staring at the board intently. Haltingly, he moved the bishop out of harm's way.

Draco took his time, pretending to think over his turn. His pieces started to mutter to themselves and he hushed them, annoyed. He was still at a disadvantage and his only chance was to play for time. He eyed the game clock and grinned, now he was thankful he had doubled their limit. After a long wait, finally, he took out Potter's knight.

Potter moaned silently. He bit his lip and stared down on the board, nervously seesawing his knees. Then he grinned and ordered his bishop forward. He smiled: “Check!”

Draco swallowed a curse. That move put him three turns away from checkmate. He stared at his king. The figurine looked back at him, worriedly.

“Hurry up, man!”, Potter whined.

“I gotta think this over carefully”, Draco told him, “you took your time making you moves as well!”

A silent whimper escaped Potter, but he didn't protest any more. He pressed his legs together and his left hand slowly wandered down to his crotch. Why didn't that stupid, stubborn prat just give up already?

Draco's pieces grew more and more nervous as well. Finally, his king turned around to him and whispered: “You can only move me or the rook to-”

“Shut up!”, Draco hissed at him.

He took out Potter's bishop with the rook. Potter moaned, he probably realized that Draco was playing on time. He in turn captured Draco's rook with his queen.

Draco pretended to think through his options again. He eyed the clock, he still had almost ten minutes left. He glanced over to his opponent. Potter was holding himself, nervously scissoring his legs and shifting around in his seat. Merlin, why didn't he just concede?

Draco pointedly eyed Potter's hand. “Look, if you gotta go that bad-”

“No! I'm fine”, Potter cut him off. He hurriedly moved the hand away and uncrossed his legs.

“OK”, Draco gave in.

Potter managed to keep still for almost half a minute before he started to bump his knees up and down again.

Draco stubbornly waited the whole ten minutes before he angrily ordered his king to get away from Potter's queen. He couldn't believe that ass was going to win!

Potter gasped with relief as Draco finally hit the clock. Almost instantly, he followed the king with his queen. Now Draco had only one place left to go and he was out of time. He moved his king out of harm's way one last time.

“Queen to C6! Checkmate!”, Potter spluttered, proudly, “I told you I almost had you that last game-”, he bend over with a whimper and grabbed his crotch. He hurriedly got up, “man, I gotta go to the loo!”

Draco gave him a death stare. That stupid pile of dragon dung didn't even realize how bad he played! And Draco had let him win! Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!

Potter staggered over to the door. Halfway out on the corridor, he turned around. He moaned: “Malfoy! Please! Where is the bathroom?”

“Yeah, yeah, I'll show you in a second”, Draco grumbled. He reached for the chess pieces and started to furiously stuff them back into their box.

Potter ran back over, he grabbed Draco at the arm and forced him to look up. “Now! I need the loo now!”, he screeched. He had to go so bad, he was shaking and jumping from one foot to the other. For a second Draco thought of tormenting the twat some more. Maybe that would humiliate him and show him his place! But he didn't want to get Potter's piss all over his carpet, besides, his dad would beat him raw. “Door right across the corridor”, he said.

Potter just jerked around and sprinted out. Draco heard him slam the bathroom door shut, then for a very long time, there was nothing until he heard the toilet flush.

A moment later, Potter emerged from the bathroom and rejoined Draco in the den, looking very relieved.

“Man, that was a good piss!”, Potter announced proudly, then he realized what he had just said and grinned awkwardly. Draco gave him an embarrassed look, feeling appropriately ashamed for the both of them.

* * *

Harry was laying in his bed, unable to sleep. Dinner together with the Malfoys must have been the most awkward time of his life. On the surface, they had all been perfectly polite to him, of course. The food had been really good, too, Mrs. Malfoy had even insisted he take seconds. But the silent looks they all gave him! Harry would have preferred any supper at the Dursleys to this experience.

But that wasn't what kept him awake. Harry peered over to the silhouette of the door in the darkness. He so wished he had the key to lock it! He didn't fear for his life or anything, but what if Malfoy planned to play some nasty prank on him at night? Harry uncomfortably shifted around in his bed. The drynite under his pyjama pants felt awfully thick. What if Malfoy sneaked over to scare him or something stupid like that and he discovered it? He just knew Malfoy would find out! And what was he to do with his used dynite in the morning anyways? At Hogwarts he just waited until he had the washroom for himself for a moment and threw it in the waste bin. He couldn't do that here! What if Malfoy saw it in the trash? Or his parents!

Harry restlessly shifted around again when he heard a floorboard creak on the corridor. Harry instantly froze and listened. Outside, the muffled sound of steps came from the direction where Malfoy's room lay. Was Malfoy coming over for real? Maybe he just had to take a leak and was heading for the bathroom?

But the silent steps continued down the corridor, past Harry's room. What was Malfoy up to in the middle of the night? Now Harry's suspicion was peaked and his curiosity got the better of him.

He quickly got out of bed and sneaked over to the door on his bare feet. He quietly pulled it open a crack and peered outside. In the pale moonlight, he could see Malfoy's back in the distance just as the boy descended the stairs and vanished from his view.

Harry slipped outside and silently followed him. When Malfoy reached the ground floor, he looked around furtively, like he was afraid to be seen. Harry quickly hid behind the railing. Malfoy was acting more and more suspicious! He waited a moment longer, then he turned towards the small sitting room with the fireplace in which Harry had arrived earlier. Harry ran down the stairs and creeped over to the door. He carefully peered into the room.

Malfoy was standing at the fireplace, poking at the embers with an iron rod. While he had his back turned, Harry quickly got closer and hid behind an armchair. When Malfoy had rekindled the fire, he put away the iron and sat down on the sofa in front of the fireplace. Harry peeked around his armchair. Some minutes passed, but Malfoy was still just sitting there. What the hell was he doing here? Maybe he just couldn't sleep either.

Just when Harry contemplated leaving and going back to bed, he heard the fire roar up and the shifting lights it cast on the walls turned green for a second. Harry held his breath and cowered deeper behind the armchair.

“Draco?”, he heard a whisper.

By the sound of it, Malfoy literally jumped up from his seat. Excited, he answered: “Yeah, I'm here! I almost thought you had forgotten!”

“Sorry”, the other one said. A young teen like them, judging by his voice. Harry recognised him, he was certain he had heard that voice before! Some Slytherin classmate? He just couldn't pin it on a person. Harry tried to get a glimpse at the face in the fireplace as it continued to talk, “I nearly wouldn't have made it for real, thought my dad would never go to bed! Man, I miss you already!”

“Yeah, miss you, too, Theo!”, Malfoy said. Theodore Nott! That was who the voice belonged to!

“Had a nice day together with your dad?”, Malfoy asked.

“He's been working all day”, Nott sighed.

“Sorry! I so wish you were here instead of Potter!”

“Yeah, me too! How are you keeping up?”

“Potter is driving me nuts! Dad even took my wand away while he's here, can you believe that?”

“That's harsh.”

They both fell silent for a moment.

Then Nott spoke up again: “You sure I can't come through for just a second?”

“No, dad warded the fireplace! He'd know!”, Draco said.

“I just want to hold you, I miss you already!”

“I know”, Malfoy said and knelt down in front of the fireplace.

Harry couldn't believe his eyes. Was Malfoy really bowing down and kissing Nott's face in the embers? Harry blushed and quickly retreated behind the armchair again.

“I want to kiss you for real! I want to touch you, I love you so much!”, Nott whispered.

That wasn't at all what Harry had expected and now he felt bad for eavesdropping on Malfoy's conversation. He decided that it was high time to leave. He took a quick peek around his cover, Malfoy still had his back turned and he shielded Harry from Nott's view with his body. Harry rose up and darted towards the exit. Only, in the darkness, he hadn't seen the carpet and he tripped over it's edge and with an audible crash stumbled into a table.

Harry jerked around. Malfoy was staring at him wide-eyed with an expression of complete shock on his face. Harry looked back at him like a deer caught in the headlights.

When Malfoy made a step in his direction, Harry just turned and ran. He could hear Malfoy's angry steps right behind him. Harry shot up the stairs and down the corridor to his room like the devil himself was after him.

He bolted into his room, slammed the door shut and leaned against it. A moment later, Malfoy burst into it, and the hinges creaked alarmingly, but the door held.

The handle moved down, but Harry grabbed it and pulled it back up.

“Potter!”, Malfoy hissed on the other side.

He pounded on the door and jerked at the handle again, but Harry held on to it like his life depended on it. Malfoy's body slammed into the door a second time and he tore at the handle.

Then, suddenly, he stopped. Harry heard him walk over to his own room and slam shut the door. Crap, what if Malfoy was getting his wand to blast the door open? Harry eyed his trunk, in which his own wand still was buried, but he didn't dare to leave the door.

He waited, anxiously listening for some sound from Malfoy. Silence. Maybe he had left for good? Maybe he had calmed down. Hadn't he said he didn't have his wand? Harry wasn't sure any more. He still held the handle in his hands. Maybe he ought to take a peek to make sure? Or was Malfoy outside, quietly waiting for him to do just that? Harry listened at the door. Probably safest he waited a bit longer.

But Malfoy didn't return. After a long while, Harry finally let go of the door handle and haltingly went over to his bed to crawl under the blankets. He felt really bad about himself. He really hadn't meant to invade Malfoy's privacy like that. Should he have apologized? He stared up at the dark ceiling, and contemplated what he could do about it now that the damage was done. Should he bring it up in the morning and apologize? Or was it best he didn't mention any of it ever again?

His worries kept him awake a long time before finally, his tiredness caught up to him and he fell into an uneasy sleep.

*047*2015-05-15 21:34

Thank you!

Sorry for the long wait!

I currently have little time to write, but I intend to continue this story.

Here is the next chapter:

Tuesday, December 21st

In the morning, Draco woke up to a wet bed like usual. With an angry stab his bladder informed him that it needed urgent emptying, too. He groaned, he hadn't gotten much sleep that night either. He had lain awake, worrying that Potter would tell his parents – especially his dad.

Out of habit, Draco reached for his wand on the nightstand, though of course, his hand didn't find it. He swallowed a silent curse, quickly pushed off his blankets and jumped out of bed. He hurriedly ripped off his soaked pyjamas and rushed over to his chest of drawers. Fidgeting all the time, he got out a clean one that looked at least remotely similar to the one he had worn and clumsily slipped into it.

He made a step towards the door, but then he hesitated and turned around. He couldn't leave his soaked bed and the wet pyjamas on the floor for everybody to see like that! With a groan, he quickly snatched up the pyjamas, threw them onto the bed and hastily pulled the blanket back up to cover up the mess. Then he ran out again. At the door, he turned around again and gave his work a critical look. It would do. For a second, he had to cross his legs, then he quickly pulled the door shut behind himself and hurriedly crossed his den.

He took a furtive peek down the corridor. To his relieve, it was deserted and the door to Potter's room was still closed. Draco made a beeline for the bathroom, ripped open the door, took one look inside to make sure it wasn't occupied, then he was already in, slammed the door shut and locked it.

He sprinted over to the toilet, pushed back the lid and ripped down his pants. Then he aimed his member at the bowl and with a relieved moan, he opened the floodgates.

He was almost finished, when someone tried the door handle and then urgently knocked at the door.

“Someone in there?”, Potter's voice asked.

Draco cramped up completely and his stream immediately stopped. He was so glad he had taken the time to lock the door!

“Occupied”, he awkwardly called out.

There was a short silence, then Potter whined: “Hurry up! I gotta go to the loo!”

Draco ignored him. He turned back to the toilet and tried to relax. Potter pounded on the door again. “Hurry up!” Draco shot an annoyed glance at the door. He sure wasn't going to finish peeing with that twit outside! Well, he had almost finished anyways. Hesitantly, he pulled up his pants and flushed the toilet – even though he hated announcing to Potter that he just had used the loo himself. Then he proceeded to wash his hands. He didn't particularly hurry.

Once he had carefully dried off his hands, he went over to the door to unlock it. The second he turned the key, Potter burst inside and tried to slip past him. Draco caught his arm and shoved him against the wall. He quickly pushed the door shut again.

“So, you were spying on me last night?”, he confronted Potter.

“No! Yes! I'm sorry!”, the stupid kid whined and tried to wiggle out of his grip.

Draco pushed him against the wall harder and leaned on him. “You listened in on me and Theo! What did you hear? You going to tell anyone?”

“No! I-I won't! I promise! Please, I really need the loo!”, Potter begged, but Draco was angry and afraid.

“You're going to tell my parents?”

Potter squirmed. “No! No! Please!”

“I swear, if you tell on me, if you prevent me and Theo from talking the rest of the Holidays, I make your life hell!”

“Please-”, Potter moaned. Suddenly, a shiver went through him and he stopped fidgeting. Instead, Draco heard an all too familiar hissing sound. Potter started to sob. Draco awkwardly stepped away from him and looked down.

Potter didn't move, he just stood there, bawling. To Draco's surprise, no wetness showed on Potter's groin at first, though the hissing continued and Draco knew he wasn't mistaken about the kid wetting himself. Then, the right leg of Potter's pyjama pants began to darken at the crease between his groin and his tight. The pee quickly spread down his leg and a tiny bit dripped down to the floor, forming a little puddle around Potter's bare foot. A small wet spot formed on the inside of his left pyjama leg as well, but before it could extend all the way down, Potter had already finished peeing.

Draco stared at it and at the puddle on the floor. Dragon dung! He really hoped Potter wouldn't tell about this either, or he had just gotten himself in even deeper shit! He awkwardly looked at the mess the kid had made. Then he suddenly wondered, Potter had been peeing full-force for like a minute, and yet there was just this tiny puddle? He pushed the thought away and looked back up at Potter. The stupid twat was crying uncontrollably.

“Potter?”, Draco asked awkwardly.

But the bawling boy was completely unresponsive.

“Potter?”, Draco asked, louder. Potter still didn't react.

Draco figured, he was in even more trouble if he just left Potter like that and the boy later told on him.

“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you wet yourself”, he said without looking Potter in the eyes, “come on, let's get you into the bathtub!”

Potter didn't resist as Draco gently pushed him in the direction of the tub, but he also didn't help. He just stood there and cried. Draco turned on the water, then he turned back to Potter.

“Take off your pyjamas!”, he instructed.

Potter didn't respond.

“I said, you have to take of your wet clothes!”, Draco tried again. Nothing. It didn't look like Potter was able to take care of cleaning himself in his state. Uneasy, Draco knelt down in front of him, “I'm going to help you undress, OK?”

He took Potter's silence as agreement and hesitantly reached for the waistband of Potter's pyjama bottoms. At least he didn't have to touch any of the pee-soaked parts! As he pulled at them, Potter wailed even louder. “No! Don't!”, he blubbered between sobs, but Draco already had the pants down to Potter's knees. He pulled them down all the way, then he looked up at the strange pair of briefs they had revealed. They were hugely bloated and felt extremely saggy when Draco hesitantly touched them. To Draco's confusion – but also great relief – they felt dry on the outside. Potter started crying even more desperately. Draco hardly had to pull at the pair of briefs, they were so heavy, they almost slid down on their own and slumped to the floor with a wet squish.

Draco couldn't help but take a quick glance. His adversary was kinda small down there still and except for a few lone black hairs, he was completely smooth. Draco quickly looked away again. Potter was still bawling his eyes out. Draco clumsily guided him to step out of his pants. Then he raised the boy's arms and stripped off his pyjama tops as well. Now Potter stood before him completely in the nude. Draco awkwardly checked the temperature of the water.

“We gotta get you in the tub”, he told Potter.

Like he had feared, the boy didn't move, so Draco carefully put Potter's hands on his shoulders to give him a hold, then, one by one, he raised Potter's legs over the rim of the tub and sat them back down inside. He had to fight a shiver as he touched the kid's pee-covered skin. Though, it wasn't entirely out of disgust. Awkward as it was, seeing the black-haired boy in such a helpless state, being so close to him and touching him felt kind of... nice? Draco shook off that horrifying thought.

Once Potter was safely placed under the shower, Draco immediately let go of him. Brusquely, he told him: “Wash yourself!”

He quickly turned away from Potter and, searching for something else to look at, his eyes fell on the odd pair of briefs. Draco squat down to examine them closer. He hesitated a moment, then he reached for them. Only when he picked them up, he realized how incredibly thick they really were and how heavy. But just in the crotch and back, on the sides the fabric was so flimsy, he could almost look through it. There was a picture printed on the front – some Muggle kid balancing on one of those strange roller boards Draco sometimes saw them ride down the streets. It felt completely dry there, though the bloated inside was soaking wet and when Draco gently pressed down on it, a little bit of liquid leaked out at the side.

Just then the realization hit him: He was touching Potter's still warm piss! Draco dropped the disgusting thing like it was on fire and hurriedly got up. He went over to the sink and gave his hands a most thorough wash. When he turned back around, he saw that Potter was still just stupidly standing under the shower, motionless and sobbing silently.

Draco reached for the soap and put it into Potter's hand. “You have to clean yourself!”, he reminded him and made washing motions with his hands.

Potter haltingly started to rub the soap over his body. Draco shot him another awkward glance to make sure the kid was actually washing himself, then he quickly went to the door and slipped out to give Potter some privacy. He pulled the door shut behind himself.

On the corridor, Draco eyed the door to Potter's room and bit his lip. Potter would probably take a while in the bathroom, so maybe Draco could quickly borrow his wand to take care of his own bed without anyone noticing? He ran over and hurriedly looked around in the guest room. Potter's wand wasn't on the nightstand. Not under the pillow either. He opened the wardrobe, but found it empty. Potter hadn't bothered to unpack his clothes yet. Draco eyed the huge trunk that sat at the foot of the bed. He quickly opened it and dug through the piles of clothes. Where the fuck had Potter hidden his stupid wand? Shirts, underwear – one of the briefs had a faint skid mark on it and Draco immediately dropped it again, horrified – a pair of worn jeans, one sock, it was like Potter had blindly picked up a bunch of random clothes and just stuffed them all into his trunk. Did that twat know no order at all?

Draco reached the bottom of the trunk, but still no wand. Instead, he found two big plastic packs. He picked one up. The front showed a picture of the strange briefs Potter had worn. 'DryNites', it said above it and, in smaller print 'Pyjama Pants 8-15 years'. On the top there was an image of some sleeping kid laying in bed – the picture wasn't moving, though, even when Draco shook it. He turned the pack around and examined it further. Apparently, it contained nine of those strange briefs. Or it had once, for it was ripped open at the side and, presumably, Potter had removed the pair he had been wearing. Draco stared at the pack. He remembered how thick and wet the thing had been. He eyed Potter's bed, which was completely dry, then he looked back at the pack and re-read the description. 'Absorbent pants for the night' and 'like real underwear' the fine print said.

Suddenly, he realised that he didn't hear the shower running anymore. He dropped the drynite pack back into the trunk and got up, but at that moment Potter entered the room, just wearing a towel around his waist. Potter stared at Draco, then at his open trunk and the pack of drynites laying on top of the clothes inside. He started crying again.

“Now you're gonna tell everyone! I'm gonna loose all my friends!”, Potter sobbed.

Draco genuinely felt a bit bad about himself. A very tiny bit. Almost. But that wasn't the point, his parents were going to kill him for real if they heard that stupid twit's wailing and they found him like this!

“I won't”, Draco muttered.

Potter didn't even seem to have heard him. The kid was completely out of his mind and kept on bawling his eyes out while jammering incoherently about loosing all his friend.

Draco stepped up to Potter and slapped him across the face.

“Snap out of it! I said I won't tell!”, he yelled at him.

Potter just stared at him for a second, scared, then he started weeping even louder.

“I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Just calm down, OK?”, Draco tried to hush him.

But Potter wouldn't. Draco didn't know what else to do, he took Potter's hand and dragged him over to his own bedroom. He awkwardly eyed Potter, then he pulled back the blanket from his bed to reveal the wet mess below.

“See?”, he said, “I won't tell.”

He nervously waited for Potter's reaction. Any reaction. At first, the boy just stared at Draco's wet bed without understanding. He looked up at Draco and back down at the bed.

“You... too?”, he finally asked.

Draco sighed: “Yeah.”

He quickly drew the blanket back up and ushered Potter out of the bedroom. He eased him into the armchair in the den and sat down opposite to him.

Potter faced him with his teary eyes, confused, he snivelled: “Why did you show me?”

“So you know I won't tell on you”, Draco gently explained.

“But what if I tell on you?”

“Then I will tell on you, too.”

Potter thought about that. “Why didn't you just keep your bed-wetting a secret and made fun of me?”

Draco looked at the floor. “You're such an idiot, like, there is so much stuff to ridicule you about, it just didn't feel right to use something like this”, he said, embarrassed.

* * *

After Harry had fully calmed down again, he realized that Malfoy had undressed him and seen him naked and that he was sitting across from him, still only wearing a towel. And that Malfoy had a boyfriend! Harry hurriedly closed his legs.

“You... did you like seeing me naked?”, he asked, haltingly.

Malfoy blushed and avoided eye contact. “Of course not!”, he barked.

Harry bit his lip. “I understand”, he said, “I mean, it's natural, you're gay, it's just a bit awkward and-”

“I'm not gay!”, Draco interrupted him.

“You have a boyfriend”, Harry pointed out to him, embarrassed, “You and Nott are boyfriends, are you not?”

“Yes. No! That's totally different!”, Malfoy spluttered.

“How?”, Harry asked in a tiny voice.

“Well, no, it's like... look, you don't understand! It's different!”, Malfoy stammered, “I like Theo, OK? But I like girls, too! I think. I mean, you're supposed to like girls, right? I like girls!”

“It's OK, too, if you don't”, Harry pointed out.

Malfoy stared at him with a look of... confusion? Shame? Embarrassment? Harry wasn't sure, maybe a little bit of all three. Malfoy abruptly got up.

“I gotta take a shower myself”, he said, “erm, can I borrow your wand for a moment afterwards?”

Now he was definitely embarrassed.

“Why?”, Harry asked.

“My dad took mine”, Malfoy confessed silently.

“No, I mean, what for?”, Harry clarified.

Malfoy glanced over to the bedroom door. He said: “I gotta cast my bed clean.”

“Oh, sure”, Harry agreed, now feeling a bit ashamed himself, “but what about the ban on underage magic?”

Malfoy snorted. “You're in a wizard's house”, he explained, “the closest Muggle lives like twenty miles away. I use magic all the time!”

While Malfoy quickly popped under the shower, Harry went over to his room to get dressed and fetch his wand. He made sure to bury the pack of drynites at the bottom of his trunk again while he was at it. He still couldn't believe Malfoy of all people now shared his secret.

The wand in hand, Harry returned to Malfoy's room. He had hardly sat down when Malfoy entered, just wearing a towel around his hips. He took the wand from Harry and cast a cleaning charm on his bed. Harry feinted disinterest, though he stealthily listened and watched the wand movements closely. He and Ron always had laughed off such charms as girly and he certainly hadn't expected Malfoy to know one. If he was honest, though, the knowledge of even one cleaning charm would have saved him from embarrassment more than once. He was too proud to ask Malfoy to repeat the exact incantation and wand movements for him, but he made a mental note to look up the charm in the library when he was back at Hogwarts.

Malfoy returned his wand to him, then the Slytherin just dropped his towel right in front of Harry and proceeded to dress himself while they talked. Harry was a bit embarrassed and tried not to look, though, of course, he was used to dorm life at Hogwarts as well. His foe was quite a bit bigger than him in the male department already, he noticed, and he sprouted a small bush of blonde hair down there.

When Malfoy turned his back to him, Harry saw the red streaks on his buttocks.

“What-what happened to you?”, he blurted out.

Malfoy faced him again, confused. He asked: “What do you mean?”

“Your ass”, Harry pointed at the marks with a finger.

Malfoy's expression darkened. “Are you happy about your handiwork or do you want to gloat some more?”, he spat and stuck out his ass for Harry to see.

“What do you mean? I don't-”, Harry said.

“Yeah! Innocent little Potter! What did you expect would happen when you told my dad about the snake?”, Draco huffed, “got me a nice thrashing!”

“He honesty beat you for that?”, Harry gasped.

“Of course he did”, Draco said, angry.

Harry looked down at his feet. “I'm sorry”, he murmured quietly.

Draco stared at him a moment longer, annoyed, then he abruptly pulled his briefs over the offending marks and proceeded to quickly put on the rest of his clothes.

“Honestly, I'm so sorry!”, Harry stuttered, “I didn't think... I... that is horrible!”

Malfoy remained silent.

A horrible thought occurred to Harry. He quietly asked: “When I eavesdropped on you and Nott last night – I'm really sorry for that, too, by the way! – and... you were worried I would tell your parents about it. They won't punish you for being gay, would then?”

Draco burst out laughing.

“I told you, I'm not gay! And of cause they wouldn't!”, he angrily corrected Harry, “I could fuck that Granger Mudblood for all my dad cares as long as I keep it quiet! But he will kill me for being stupid enough to let you find out and I'd get a good licking for secretly using the fireplace on top of it!”

Harry ignored the jab against Hermione. He silently asked: “Have... have you talked to anyone about this? Isn't there someone who could do something about this? Professor Dumbledore maybe? Or Professor Lupin! Professor Lupin is really nice, he'll know what to do! I... I can go with you if you want. I-”

Draco grabbed him at his shirt and forced him to get up so their faces were at the same height. “You'll tell no one, do you understand!”, he hissed, “do you want to embarrass me even more? You do something wrong, you get a beating. That's how it is!”

“No it's not! That's horrible!”

“Don't tell me your Muggle uncle never gave you a thrashing!”

Harry avoided Malfoy's eyes. Uncle Vernon had done a lot o terrible things to him, but he had never physically hurt him. “No”, he muttered, “look, we could go to Professor McGonagall – or Dumbledore, he would help-”

With an angry cry, Draco pushed him back down into his seat.

He yelled: “Yeah! They always help YOU! Dumbledore, McGonagall, Lupin, all the teachers, they always favour you! If it's famous Harry Potter, they always bend the rules! You're always the centre of attention and you always get rewarded. You don't even study that hard! You slack off all the time and hang out with that waster Weasley! I am studying every day! I WORK very hard for my achievements! I have been flying a broom since before I could walk! I have trained for years to become as good a seeker as I am today! You were made seeker the first day you ever sat on a broom! Dragon dung, you got a fucking Nimbus dropped into your lap by your teacher! You never learned anything about magic, you don't study, you don't do your homework and yet you receive outstandings because you're the teacher's pet. Just because you're famous Harry Potter!

That oaf Hagrid favours you, too, and he is really mean to all Slytherin! You and your friends constantly break the rules and the teachers just look the other way while I already get punished for looking at you the wrong way! I work hard and study for years to get good at something and then you come along and everything just falls into your lap! No one ever notices when I do good because they only have eyes for famous Harry Potter! Everything always is about Harry Potter! There are fucking hundreds of Dementors at Hogwarts right now just to protect you! Even my dad always only talks of you! Do you remember last year's match Slytherin against Hufflepuff? That we only won by ten points because I caught the snitch? No? Do you think my dad does? Do you think he congratulated me on that catch? Or on any of the other matches we won? Even once? No! You know what he does? He is sending me fucking newspaper clippings about YOU! Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that! It's always Harry Potter!”

Malfoy's voice had turned more and more whiny as he went on with his tirade and he ended abruptly in a sob. He quickly turned away, but Harry had seen the tears in his eyes. He hadn't realized that that was how Malfoy had felt all the time. He still was kind of an arrogant, self-centred prick. Harry hadn't chosen to be the boy who lived and he would have given everything to grow up with his parents instead! Malfoy had never seen his life at the Dursleys either. And his teachers didn't favour him! They didn't, did they? Yet, Harry couldn't help but feel a bit guilty.

“I'm sorry, Draco”, he whispered, more to himself than to the other boy.

