Draco's Mishaps - Page 2

Author: Donar

*039*2015-03-06 17:06

@Secretboy: Thanks!

@MysteryGirl373: I have the next few chapters planned already and sadly there isn't much room for teachers, but I'll try to come up with some ideas.

@SeverusSnapeFan: Sorry! If that's all that is putting you off and you still want to read the story, you could try the version over at Archive of Our Own for an easier to read version. Or download it as an ebook from there.

By the way, that is the last chapter that is done. I'm still working on the next one(s). I can't promise another update this weekend, but I'll try.

Saturday, December 4th

Theo waited until Crabbe and Goyle had left for breakfast, then he quickly got up and ran over to the door. He looked after the two to make sure they were gone for real, then he hastily closed the door and put a ward on it. The lock audibly clicked. With a mischievous grin, Theo spun around to Draco, who was still lying in his bed, sleeping like a baby. Theo silently shed his pajamas and went over to crouch down besides him. He whispered: “Good morning, sleepyhead!”, and pressed a kiss on Draco's cheek.

Draco's eyes fluttered open. “Hrmm...?”, he mumbled, still half asleep, and smiled, “Theo? ...morning!” Then shocked realization crept on his face and he pushed Theo away.

“Good morning!”, Theo repeated with an even wider smile.

Draco panicky looked around for Crabbe and Goyle, but when he saw that he was alone with Theo, he relaxed again. Theo bend over to press another kiss on Draco's lips, this time Draco didn't shove him away but eagerly kissed him back.

After a short eternity, their lips parted again. Theo whispered: “Feeling better today then?”

Draco smiled at him and nodded: “Yeah.”

He took another look around to make sure no one was watching and reached for his wand like usual, but Theo stopped him.

“Ah, no, no, no!”, he grinned evilly.

“But-”, Draco said. Embarrassed, he took a pointed look down at his crotch.

Theo lifted up Draco's blanket to examine the wetness. With a smile, he raised it even higher and tried to climb into bed with Draco.

“No! Stop! What are you doing? What if Crabbe or Goyle see us?”, Draco panicked. Just now he realized that Theo was butt naked. Draco's startled eyes focused on Theo's member, which was proudly pointing up with more than just the beginning of an erection.

“They're at breakfast, they won't get back for at least an hour”, Theo cooed.

“But what if they do?”, Draco insisted, “what if someone else walks in on us?”

“I warded the door”, Theo whispered and despite Draco's resistance crawled under the blanket.

“But-, but-”, Draco stammered, “it's all wet, you'll get my pee all over you!”

Theo snug up close to him, he could feel the clammy wetness of Draco's pajamas between them. It instantly made him even harder. “You really think I'll mind?”, he breathed into Draco's ear.

Draco blushed.

Theo climbed atop of him and pulled down Draco's pants while his other hand wandered over Draco's chest. Draco was already having an erection, too! Naughty boy! Theo's grin widened, he whispered: “Now who's desperate for some attention? You totally have a stiffie, too!”

Draco turned completely red and looked away. “I just have to pee, that's all”, he mumbled, avoiding Theo's eyes. He was so cute when he was embarrassed!

Theo started to grind against him, their members were touching, rubbing against each other. Draco moaned silently. Theo could feel the moisture on Draco's skin, he felt it on himself as well. Then Theo reached down and took them both in his hand. Draco gasped, but he didn't resist. Slowly, Theo started jerking them together. With his other hand, he caressed Draco's stomach and chest and tried to spread the wetness even further. He playfully twisted Draco's nipple, Draco moaned and squirmed under him, the liar was so enjoying himself!

Draco forced a kiss on him. He felt Draco's hands on his back, caressing him, felt how they made their way down to his butt, fondled his hips. Suddenly, Draco grabbed both Theo's buttocks and started thrusting against him. Theo broke their kiss and gasped in surprise, but he quickly adjusted his rhythm to Draco's movements. Draco's breath came in laboured bursts, Theo was panting, too. He started to move his hips as well, his dick was throbbing so madly, he was so close. He closed his eyes.

“Wait!”, Draco moaned, “I'm... almost there... too!”

“I can't!” Theo gasped.

He tried to hang in there, but he just couldn't. He shivered. Then, with another gasp he spilled himself between them. As the sensation of the orgasm rushed over him, Theo stopped moving and for a moment only Draco continued to thrust against him. Then Theo grabbed Draco's dick again and a few strokes later, Draco, too, reared up and violently released his seed.

They both collapsed on top of each other, exhaustedly, panting madly, a new, hot stickiness between them.

After they had finally caught their breath, they shared another long kiss. Then Theo rolled off of Draco and snug up to his side, taking in the clammy wetness of the fabric around them. Draco put his arm around his shoulders.

“About the sleepover”, Draco murmured.

For a second, Theo stopped caressing Draco's chest and worriedly looked him in the eyes. He was still afraid that Draco would say no.

“Yeah?”, he asked, nervously.

“Wrote the letter asking my parents yesterday”, Draco whispered.

“Did they say yes?”, Theo burst out.

“Didn't even send it yet. I'll do it first thing after breakfast today”, Draco gleefully teased and nibbled at Theo's ear.

Theo squealed and tried to wiggle away from Draco. Draco grinned even more and pinned him down to force him into another kiss and Theo eagerly returned it. He put his arms around Draco to try and pull him back into a close embrace, but after a moment, Draco broke the kiss and moved away.

“Hey, let's cuddle some more!”, Theo protested.

“I honestly have to pee”, Draco complained and sat up.

“Good!”, Theo grinned and reached for him to pull him back under the blanket.

Draco brushed off his hand. He said: “Someone will catch us!”

“No one can get in”, Theo reminded him.

“They'll wonder why we locked ourselves in and they'll put two and two together!”

Draco stood up, snatched up his wand and cast a cleaning spell on his pajamas. He turned to do the same with the bed.

“I'll take care of that!”, Theo quickly stopped him.

Draco eyed him skeptically, but with a shrug he put the wand back down. Theo drew up the blanket and poutingly watched Draco as he first took off his pajamas, stuffed them in the laundry basket and then made his way over to the door. Once there, Draco turned back to him.

“Well, hurry up already!”, he demanded.

“Yeah, yeah”, Theo complained. Without getting up from bed, he reached for Draco's wand and pointed it at the door. He murmured the counter-spell and the door clicked open.

“You take care of you-know-what?”, Draco asked and queasily eyed his bed,”You coming?”

“Yes! Yes! I'll be right behind you!”, Theo said, annoyed.

Draco gave him another dubious look, then he turned to the door. The second he was outside, Theo raised the wand again and said the incantation of the warding spell. The door swung shut with a loud thump and locked itself.

“Hey! What-”, he heard Draco's surprised voice from outside.

Theo ignored him. With a satisfied sigh, he lay back down. Finally, he was able to savour the wetness of Draco's bed in peace for a little while longer. He wiggled deeper under the blanket. The piss was all over him, he could feel its clamminess on his skin. If he inhaled deeply, he could even smell a hint of it. He shuffled around in the wetness some more until he came to lie on his back. He reached down to his member – it was already completely stiff again – and pointed it at his tummy. Then he tried to relax and force a small bit of pee out. It pooled on his stomach and started to run down on his sides. Theo reached for the hot wetness and rubbed it all over his chest. He moaned silently, then he lifted up the blanket with one hand and grabbed his stiffie with the other. He pointed it up some more, so the next gush of pee hit his chest. He continued to release small squirts of pee all over himself and slowly began to wank off again.

* * *

Draco jerked around sharply as he heard the door fall into its lock behind him.

“Hey! What-”, he exclaimed, but he couldn't help but grin. “Stupid prat!”, he silently cursed Theo.

With a silly smile on his face, he turned back around and went over to the washroom. It was quite late and most students probably were already at breakfast, so the bathroom was almost deserted. The only other boys inside were Blaise Zabini and two older kids. One of them was busy styling his hair in the mirror, while Blaise was chatting with the other near the showers. Draco awkwardly went past the three and quickly got to the toilet stalls.

“Morning, Draco!”, Blaise happily called, just as Draco was about to enter the cubicle furthest away.

All three looked over to him.

Draco blushed, muttered a “Hi, Blaise!”, hurriedly fled into the stall and closed the door behind himself.

Slowly, he turned towards the toilet. He could hear them chatting and laughing outside. Draco swallowed. A minute passed, but the three didn't leave. Then another minute. Draco started to squirm. He fucking had to pee! He silently ripped off a piece of toilet paper and carefully dropped it into the toilet to cover the water, so it would silence the splashing from his pee hitting the water. Then he took aim and tried to relax. They were still outside, he couldn't do it. Relax! He closed his eyes and took slow, deep breaths. Relax! Just relax! A small trickle came out and hit the bowl, it was far too loud. Draco immediately cramped up again and the trickle stopped.

He panicky listened, expecting Blaise and the other to have fallen silent or to start laughing any second, but they just continued to chat about Quidditch. Draco sighed silently and, a tiny bit mollified, he concentrated again. After what felt like an eternity, he managed to force a few more drops out. This time, the dam broke and the trickle turned into a small stream. The toilet paper helped muffle the splashing, but it still sounded like thunder in Draco's ears. The guys outside just had to hear everything! When Draco finally, finally was done, his face burned red hot with embarrassment. He flushed and quickly got out.

He didn't make eye-contact with any of the three when he went past them to wash his hands and brush his teeth. While he was at it, Blaise and one of the older guys finally decided to leave. The remaining kid was still busily arranging his hair into long spikes, it kind of made him resemble a hedgehog. He probably thought it looked cool, not ridiculous. Draco quickly rinsed his mouth and ran over to the showers before he lost it and laughed out loud or the guy noticed him watching him.

Draco usually took his sweet time under the shower, he enjoyed the feeling of the hot water gently massaging his skin and the clean feeling it left him with afterwards. Today though, his rumbling tummy reminded him that he better hurry if he wanted to get to the Great Hall in time to still get some breakfast.

Despite his haste, he made sure to thoroughly wash his stomach and privates before he quickly rinsed off. The cleaning spell had already removed any visible stickiness, but it hadn't done anything to remove the dirty feeling down there. By the time Draco had toweled off, the hedgehog was gone. Draco dropped the towel and followed him outside.

When he tried the door to his room, it was still locked. Draco knocked.

“Open up!”, he whispered, “Theo, it's me, open the door!”

Inside, nothing moved.

“It's me, Draco, let me in!”, he demanded, louder.

Nothing. Draco tried the handle again and banged at the door.

“Merlin's pants! Theo, stop jerking off and open the fucking door!”, he shouted.

He kicked at the door, but it didn't even budge.

“Theodore Nott, you steaming pile of dragon shit, let me in immediately!”

“Problem?”, a voice behind him chuckled.

Draco jerked around. Blaise eyed him questioningly and casually leaned against the wall, an evil smile on his face.

“Theo locked me out of our dorm. That idiot probably thinks himself funny!”, Draco explained.

Blaise's eyes wandered down to Draco's boyhood, remained there just long enough to make Draco blush, then slowly back up to his face. He grinned: “It kinda is.”

“No, it's not!”, Draco snapped, annoyed.

“Yeah, it is!”, Blaise burst out laughing.

Draco stared at him angrily, but he swallowed his pride. Awkwardly, he asked: “Look, man, can I borrow some pants from you? And a shirt.”

Blaise snickered evilly. He took his sweet time pretending to think over the question, but in the end he took pity on Draco. Still grinning like a fool, he wordlessly motioned Draco to follow him and led him over to his room.

Blaise went over to the big, wooden chest at the foot of his bed and rummaged through it. After a moment, he produced a washed-out pair of jeans and a shirt. Generously, Blaise even added in some socks and an old pair of boxers. Draco awkwardly eyed them. Someone else's USED underwear.

“Thanks”, he murmured.

Blaise saw his reluctance. “You're not wearing my jeans going commando”, he told Draco.

Draco still hesitated. Unhappy, he examined the boxers. At least there were no pee stains – or worse – on them. None that he could see.

“They're fresh from the laundry, honest!”, Blaise said.

Draco suppressed a shudder as he slowly stepped into the pair of boxers and pulled them up. They felt uncomfortable and awkward, and Draco couldn't get the thought out of his head that Blaise had worn these before. It didn't help matters that Draco was used to briefs. The boxers were awfully loose around his hips and he could feel his junk dangle freely down his left leg.

When he put the borrowed jeans over them, he promptly and painfully pinched his nuts. His eyes watered, but he bit his lips and didn't utter a sound. He quickly eyed Blaise, luckily the other boy hadn't noticed. Draco swallowed a curse and adjusted the seat of his trousers into a more comfortable position. Stupid boxers! Why anyone would choose to wear boxers, let alone how they walked or sat in them was a mystery to him.

Finally, he was fully dressed and he carefully followed Blaise out to have breakfast. Blaise had hardly sat down before he, of course, had to tell the whole table about Draco's little misadventure. At least everyone just assumed Theo had played a fun prank on him and no one suspected any worse. In the end, Draco even joined in on the laughter.

When he returned to their dormitories about half an hour later, the door to their room was open, Draco's bed was dry and neatly made, and there was no sign of Theo. Draco quickly ran in and changed into his own clothes. The boxers hadn't been as bad as he had first thought – except for the one time he had tried to cross his legs while sitting and almost castrated himself, that was. Still, he was relieved when he could put on a pair of his briefs again and he felt their familiar snug fit around his junk and the security they gave him.

When he had fully dressed, he folded up the borrowed clothes and went over to Blaise's room to return them. Blaise was sitting on his bed, reading. He looked up as Draco entered.

“Thanks again”, Draco said, still a bit embarrassed.

Blaise gave him a naughty grin and took all the clothes except for the pair of boxers back from him. “You're welcome! You... uh... can keep the boxers!”, he said awkwardly.

“No, thanks!”, Draco tried to push them on Blaise.

“No, honest, keep them!”, Blaise insisted.

He obviously had the same issues about someone else's used underwear as Draco. They uncomfortably eyed each other, but neither said it out loud. In the end, Draco gave in and kept the boxers, though he threw them in the trash immediately first thing he was back in his room.

*042*2015-03-16 21:40

Thank you, I'm glad you liked it!

Since the next chapter is rather short and doesn't contain any omorashi, here are the next two:

Monday, December 6th

Harry poked at his bowl of porridge without eating much, he wasn't in a good mood this morning. Professor McGonagall was going to take the names of those students who would be staying at Hogwarts over Christmas. Of course Harry would be one of them, he had no family to go home to. He sure wasn't going to go back to the Dursleys!

“It's only two weeks”, Hermione tried to comfort him.

She was going skiing with her parents.

“We'll have lots of fun together!”, Ron said, cheerful, with a mouth full of egg and bacon.

Harry gave them a weak smile before he looked back down on his porridge and resumed his aimless stirring. He knew Ron was only staying to keep him company, Ginny and his brothers were all going home to the Burrow over the holidays.

“You should celebrate Christmas with your family”, he said silently, “I know you want to. You don't have to stay just because of me.”

“Nonsense! I can't wait to be rid of Fred and George for a few days!”, Ron lied.

Harry eyed him sadly. “Honestly, I'll be OK”, he said, unconvincing.

“I told you I'm staying, so I am staying!”, Ron spluttered and showered Harry in bits of baked eggs, “you'll have to live with my company if you like it or not!”

They were interrupted by the fluttering of hundreds of owls that swooped into the Great Hall, delivering the morning post. With the exception of Hagrid or Ron and Hermione nobody ever wrote to Harry, so he was quite startled when suddenly a huge eagle owl plunged down right at him and dropped a letter in his lap.

Harry hesitantly picked it up and turned it around in his hands. The envelope was sealed with a kind of emblem that looked like a big, squiggly “M”. Above the strange seal, the words “to Mr. Harry Potter” were written in delicate script. Ron looked over curiously, his brows narrowed when he saw the emblem.

Carefully, Harry broke the seal and opened the letter.

“Dear Mr. Potter,

My dearest Harry,

I was distraught to hear about the horrible business with Sirius Black, I can't even imagine the fear you must have gone through. I hope you are alright!

We heard you spend your last Christmas alone at Hogwarts. What a terrible thing for a young boy like yourself! My husband and I would like to invite you to spend your Christmas vacation with our family at the safety of our home this year.

Our son Draco is very much looking forward to your visit just as we are. He talks about you all the time. You just have to come!

Kindest regards,

Narcissa Malfoy”

Harry stared at the letter. He read it a second time, but he still failed to fully process the words.

“Fucking pile of dragon d-”, Ron, who had been reading over his shoulder, spat.

“Ron!”, Hermione interrupted him. She looked over Harry, worried, she asked: “Are you OK, Harry? You look like someone just died.”

Harry didn't react until Ron shook his shoulder. “Harry?”

Wordlessly, he handed the letter to Hermione. She silently read through it.

“I don't think you should go”, she hesitantly suggested as she gave the letter back.

“Of course he can't go!”, Ron spluttered, “it's a trap!”

“Of course I won't go!”, Harry declared.

He looked over to the Slytherin table, Malfoy was holding a letter in his hands as well and he was clutching it so hard, his knuckles had turned completely white. He was staring directly at Harry, bloody murder in his eyes. Harry quickly turned away again, though he could still feel the hateful gaze in his neck. There was no chance in hell he was going to spend his holidays with that asshole!

“It'd be a huge insult to Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy if you don't – I mean, you obviously can't go, just you'll have to be really careful with how you word your reply”, Ron muttered, awkward.

“Fuck them!”

“Harry!”, Hermione told him off.

Harry turned his eyes on her, angry.

Defensively, she said: “Ron kind of has a point.”

“Then it's a good thing that I won't answer”, Harry stubbornly decided.

They all fell silent and stared at each other gloomily.

The next time any of them said anything was when Professor McGonagall came by to ask Hermione if she was going to stay at Hogwarts over Christmas.

“I'm going home to my parents. We're going skiing”, Hermione explained.

“Well, have fun, Miss Granger!”, McGonagall smiled and made a note on her list, “you'll go home like your siblings, I presume, Mr. Weasley?”

“No, I'll be staying at Hogwarts”, Ron quickly interjected.

The Professor eyed him curiously and made another note, then she turned to Harry.

“I-”, Harry said.

“I already know”, Professor McGonagall said, “Mrs. Malfoy wrote me a letter explaining everything. I think it's great you and young Mr. Malfoy finally made up with each other!”

She had already half turned away.

“I'm not going!”, Harry called after her.

“What?”, she asked, confused.

“I'm staying at Hogwarts!”, Harry insisted.

“Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy went to great trouble to invite you. They were very concerned when they heard you spend your last Christmas alone. I think it's very generous of them-”

“It's a trap!”, Ron blurted out.

McGonagall furrowed her brows. “Nonsense!”

“Mr. Malfoy tried to kill me!”, Harry reminded her.

“We went over that. We agreed it was all a horrible misunderstanding!”, McGonagall said.

“No, it wasn't”, Harry muttered.

“You can't go around telling people that, Potter!”, the Professor reprimanded him.

“You know it's true!”, Ron interjected.

“Dobby confirmed it, too!”, Hermione agreed.

Professor McGonagall sighed: “The word of a house-elf and a child! We can't accuse Lucius Malfoy with nothing more than that!”

“What if they're in league with Black?”, Harry asked.

“Look, Potter, the Malfoys won't do anything to you while you're their guest. You'll be perfectly save. And I really think it is past time you learned to get along with their son.”

“But-”, Harry said.

“You're going, Mr. Potter, that is my final word”, McGonagall told him and turned away.

Harry, Ron and Hermione stared after her, speechless.

They went to Dumbledore right after breakfast to beseech him to intervene. The headmaster patiently listened to all their objections, he even repeatedly offered each of them some jelly slugs or a biscuit, but in the end he agreed with Professor McGonagall. Harry grudgingly resigned to his fate. At least this way, Ron would go home and spend Christmas with his family after all.

Monday, December 20th

“Draco, dear, would you come to the parlour for a moment? Your father and I would like to speak to you.”

Draco didn't look up as his mom called. He clenched his hands into fists. He hated this! He hated it, he hated it, he hated it!

“Draco, didn't you hear?”

He heaved a sigh and called: “Yes, mom, I'm on my way!”

Angry, he pushed his chair back and got up. Potter was due to arrive shortly, his parents would want Draco to greet him. He felt more like choking the asshole to death. Now that pile of dragon shit was even going to ruin his holidays! Eyes on the floor, Draco walked out of his room, down the corridor and the stairs, through the hall and over to the parlour.

“There you are at last!”, his mom said, “oh, honey, would you just look at yourself! Harry will be here shortly!” She got down to tug at his shirt and ruffle through his hair.

Draco tried to get her hands off of him. His hair was fine!

“Your mom and I wanted to go through some rules with you we set for this visit”, his dad said.

Draco stared at him hostilely.

“You will politely greet Harry when he arrives, and then you will properly apologize to him for that awful and dangerous prank you played on him!”, his mom said.

“I'm not apologizing to that prick”, Draco murmured under his breath.

“What was that?”, his mom asked.

“I'm not apologizing!”

“Don't talk back to your mother!”, his dad yelled at him, “your hand!”

Draco stared at him defiantly.

“Now!”, his dad demanded, dangerously silent.

Draco slowly raised his right hand, palm up, and closed his eyes. His dad slapped his cane right across his palm. Draco suppressed a cry of pain and pressed his hand to his chest. It burned like fire. He blinked away tears from his eyes.

“You will apologize to Potter!”

“Yes, Sir”, Draco pressed forth between clenched teeth.

“While Potter is here, you will be on your absolute best behaviour! No arguing, no fighting! You will be polite and friendly to Potter, and you will treat him like a guest! You will not embarrass me again or so Merlin help you!”

His dad measured him with his eyes and Draco stared back angrily.

“One more thing”, his dad said and held out his hand, demandingly, “your wand!”

“What? No! Father, you-”, Draco started.

His dad lifted his cane again.

“-yes, Sir”, Draco finished.

He handed over his wand and watched as his father took it and went over to his study to lock it away.

“It is for the best, honey, you know you sometimes have your father's temperament. It's only a few days, you'll get it back once Harry has left”, his mom whispered to him, “come, let's get over to the fireplace to greet your guest, he should arrive any minute!”

Draco just looked at her darkly.

Potter made them wait, adding insult to injury. When the flames in the fireplace finally roared up and turned green, Draco's dad had already rejoined them. A moment later, Potter stepped out of the flames, dragging his trunk after him. He looked around warily.

Draco's mom gave Draco a push and he hesitantly stepped forward.

“Hello, Potter”, he muttered without looking the asshole in the eyes.

“Malfoy”, Potter returned icily.

“Welcome to our home!”, Draco's mom piped in.

His dad just nodded silently, the hate in his eyes as he faced Potter barely concealed.

Potter eyed Draco's parents distrustful. “Hello”, he murmured.

There was an awkward silence and Draco's mom tried to give Draco signals with her eyes. Draco ignored her.

“Before he shows you your room, Draco wanted to tell you something”, she prompted.

Draco bite his lips, his mom stared at him. He pressed forth: “I wanted to say I'm sorry.”

'Go on', his mom's eyes seemed to say.

Draco turned back to Potter.

“For slipping you the diuretic. It-it was a childish thing to do and dangerous and stupid”, he swallowed, “I'm sorry and I'm glad you're OK.”

Potter returned Draco's stare just as coldly.

“Don't forget the snake”, he silently reminded him.

Draco grimaced. He had managed to keep that embarrassing incident from his parents till now.

“And for setting the snake on you”, he agreed, grinding his teeth, “I'm sorry for that, too.”

By the look his father gave him, this wouldn't be the last he heard of it. Setting a snake on a Parselmouth. Twice! Dragon dung, his dad so was going to skin him alive for his stupidity!

Potter had noticed, too, and he grinned, spiteful. “I accept your apology”, he said pompously, his hateful eyes speaking an entirely different language.

“Why don't you show Harry to his room, dear?”, Draco's mom interrupted their staring contest.

Without a word, Draco turned around and walked out into the hall. At the door, he turned back. Potter was still standing there, stupidly looking at him. “This way!”, Draco told him.

Potter picked up his trunk and dragged it after him, slowly making his way over. Draco turned back around and went ahead to the first floor. Potter's trunk was heavy and he was obviously struggling to pull it up the stairs. Draco just leaned on the railing and watched.

When Potter, breathing heavily, had finally made it all the way up to the first floor, Draco led him down the corridor to his room. His mom had put Potter in the guest room right next to Draco's own rooms.

“This is where you'll stay”, he told Potter as he opened the door and entered first.

Potter followed him inside and with an exhausted sigh dropped down the trunk. He awkwardly looked around before he went over to the huge double bed, tested the mattress with his hand and clumsily sat down at the foot end, still surreptitiously examining his surroundings. Draco fought a smile. Potter tried to hide it, but he was impressed by the size of the room.

“Sorry about the accommodations”, he said, “I know it's rather small.”

Potter forced himself to stop gawking at the bedpost that was covered in delicate ornaments in the form of snakes. Still trying his best to look unimpressed, but failing, he said: “No, it's OK.”

They both fell silent and there was an uneasy pause. Potter resumed staring at the furniture and Draco wasn't sure what to do with him next. He knew he was supposed to entertain him as a guest he just didn't want to.

“Want to see my rooms?”, he finally asked.

Potter got up, Draco took it as a yes.

He led him over. “This is my den”, he explained as he entered the first room. He dismissively pointed at the shelves that covered almost the entire right wall, “I keep most of my stuff here.”

Potter stared at the rows and rows of magical gizmos and books and toys, round-eyed. Draco followed Potter's look and smirked. He couldn't help but brag a little. “My dad gave me that telescope for my last birthday. My old one must still be around here somewhere... those gobstones are actual jewels. And don't touch that dragon, it's not a toy, it's antique!”, he said smugly, “oh, and it bites”, he added as the statue snapped at Potter's hand.

Potter picked up Draco's old toy Snitch from the shelves and held it up on his palm. It was covered in dents and scratches and its once glossy surface had long since turned dull. Slowly, it unfolded its wings and with laboured flaps it rose up to sluggishly dance around the room. Draco quickly snatched it out of the air. “That's my first practice Snitch”, he said, embarrassed by the crappy toy, “I don't even know why I haven't thrown it away long ago. I got plenty better ones!”

Despite his words, he carefully put the dented gold globe back onto the little cushion it sat on in the shelf. He turned around and quickly walked over to the open door to his second room.

“Over here is my bedroom”, he explained. He let Potter have a glimpse at his big canopy bed, then he closed the door again.

Draco sat down backwards on his desk chair.

Pointing at his armchair, he gregariously offered: “Have a seat!”

Potter slowly came over. For a while they sat there in silence, avoiding each other's gaze. Potter tried not to show it, but his eyes kept wandering around, looking at all the stuff Draco owned. Draco noticed it with some satisfaction. Potter probably hadn't ever even seen the likes of half these things – certainly not at his Muggle home!

Finally, Draco cleared his throat. He asked: “Truce?”

Hesitantly, he offered his hand.

Potter just stared at him darkly, unmoving.

“Look”, Draco tried to be reasonable, “I know you don't want to be here. And just so you know, you're ruining my holiday plans as well!”

Potter still ignored the outstretched hand. He turned away and gloomily contemplated the staring glass eye that sat on Draco's desk and glared back at the both of them. Draco slowly lowered his hand. He ground his teeth.

“Be reasonable, Potter! My parents are gonna skin both of us alive if we don't get along. Would you rather have stayed back at Hogwarts alone? Or gone to that Muggle family of yours that doesn't want you?”, Draco couldn't refrain from throwing that last jab at Potter.

He sure hit a wound spot, for Potter's expression darkened with anger. He smirked at Draco: “They'll skin you alive, you mean.”

Draco glared at him. He so hated that spiteful prick! Through clenched teeth he said: “Look, you can either fight me and I swear I'll make your stay hell as well. Or you agree to play along, maybe then my parents will even allow you to visit the Weasel brood or your Mudblood sweetheart Granger for an afternoon or two and I get to spend a few hours with-”, he awkwardly stopped himself, then he quickly continued, “-without you. Truce?”

He extended his hand again.

Potter didn't seem to see the offered hand, he asked: “With whom?”

“None of your fucking business! Do we have a deal?”

Potter stared at him a long moment before he finally took Draco's hand. “Truce”, he agreed. Neither of them looked particularly comfortable with the idea and they both quickly withdrew their hands and looked away from each other again.

Draco sat there in silence, staring at the floor, the table, the door. Anywhere but at Potter. He shot a surreptitious glance at Potter. The kid was staring intently the other way as well. This was stupid!

“So”, Draco said to no one in particular, “since we kinda sorta have a truce and since you're like a guest, wanna play a game or something?”

“Like what?”, Potter asked.

Draco's eyes wandered over to the shelves. Potter would probably be envious of his limited edition 'Snitch Snatcher!'-game, but that wasn't fun with only two players. Gobstones, no, that was for children. “How about chess?”, he asked.

Potter smiled: “Cool! But I warn you, I'm a good at chess! I play it all the time with Ron!”

“Good”, Draco agreed.

In all honesty, he didn't like how confident Potter looked. Wizard's chess was one of Draco's favorite games and the last thing he needed was Potter beating him at yet another thing that he had trained so hard to get good at. Dragon shit! There was no way that twit was better than him at chess!

He put his board on the table and set up the pieces. Potter looked at the figurines, awed. Draco smirked, but he said nothing. He had gotten this set from his aunt, all pieces were exquisitely hand-carved from ivory and ebony.

“If you're so good, wanna play by tournament rules?”, he asked, casually.

Potter quickly nodded, “sure”, he said, but he suddenly sounded a lot less confident than he probably tried to seem. Draco took note of his uneasiness with some satisfaction.

He put his chess clock on the table as well. Since Potter was the guest, Draco let him have the first move.

At first Draco was on edge and very careful about his moves. He definitely didn't want to loose to Potter. However, he soon realized that, despite Potter's earlier boasting, his nervousness was completely unfounded. Potter, in fact, stank at chess.

His chess pieces thought so, too.

“No, no, don't move me there!”, the white knight complained, “move the bishop!”

He hacked at Potter with his sword as Potter tried to pick up the intractable figure to force it to move. Potter hurriedly withdrew his hand and sheepishly examined the board again. More of his pieces began talking all over each other, giving him contradictory advice. Finally, Potter awkwardly commanded the bishop forward.

Draco slew it with his queen. “Check”, he announced. Potter's pieces muttered to each other even more. Two more inept moves from Potter and Draco had him in checkmate.

In their second game, Potter played more careful and took his sweet time to make his moves, he actually ran out of time only half-way through the game, though Draco didn't mention it. He easily beat Potter again.

However, he couldn't savour his victory. This was no fun, there was no challenge in winning against that fool. No satisfaction in it, it was too easy.

“Let's do something else”, Draco suggested.

Potter looked down at the chess board, unhappy. He uncomfortably shifted around in his seat. “No”, he demanded, “I almost beat you this time! Give me at least one more re-match!”

Draco eyed him pityingly. If the idiot wanted to be beaten up again, who was he to deny him? He shrugged. “Alright.”

He reset up the clock and made sure that this time they had double the previous time limit each. Then he let Potter have the first move.

Draco only paid half attention to the game, he knew he could easily beat his foe. Potter apparently realized it, too, for he grew increasingly fidgety and took more and more time to make his moves.

“Queen to F3”, Draco ordered with hardly a glance at the board, “take his knight!”

“Are you sure?”, the uppity figurine asked.

Draco harrumphed: “Just do as I say!”

Obediently, the black queen moved forward.

“Check”, Draco said.

Potter chewed on his lips as he concernedly examined the board. He nervously bumped his leg up and down.

“Rook to F3”, he finally said.

Draco jerked around as he heard the command, he immediately realized his mistake. Panicky, he looked over his position. Dragon dung! Had he just handed this game to Potter?

The only question was: Did the twit realize it, too? He couldn't let that stupid show-off beat him again! Not him! Not Potter, who was raised by Muggles and was almost a Mudblood himself! Not in this! Not in something that Draco should be so much his better! Not again!

Potter probably thought he had him in a tight spot, too – and rightfully so – but he was still anxious he had missed something. His face was one of utter concentration and he nervously drummed his fingers on the table as he waited for Draco to make his next move. Sadly, though, Draco saw no way to recover his board – short of Potter making an equally stupid move. He shot him an angry glance. At least, he would make the asshole work as hard as possible for his undeserved victory!

Potter was bumping up and down his knee again, shaking the table a little every time. His seeming inability to sit still was kinda annoying and it actually started to get on Draco's nerves. Just when he was about to snap at the stupid kid to sit still for just a second, Potter stood up. Draco looked at him questioningly.

“Erm, could you tell me where the bathroom is?”, Potter murmured, a bit embarrassed.

Suddenly, Draco realized the reason for his foe's nervousness. He asked: “So you're giving up?”

“No”, Potter said, “I just need a bathroom break!”

“Well”, Draco mused, now seriously fighting a mischievous grin, “if you leave, you forfeit the game. Those are the rules.”

“Come on, Malfoy, that's bullshit!”

“You wanted to play by tournament rules!”, Draco insisted, “to how many tournaments have you actually been? I've been to many, I know the rules!”

Of course, he was telling a whole pile of dragon shit. The other kids at the tournaments took bathroom breaks all the time, even teens far older than him. It was really annoying. Naturally, Draco never had interrupted a game to go to the loo, not even on his first tournament when he had been only eight years old. He had been so excited and he had had to go so badly, but he had had some pride! He looked over to the small trophy that sat by his old toy snitch on the shelf. He had even made it third place in that tournament, despite being one of the youngest. Of course, his dad hadn't praised him, oh no! He had been furious because Draco had lost his last match to some Mudblood kid. Draco sighed.

“Sorry, Potter, I can't change the rules! I thought you were serious, but if this is just some children's game to you...”, he trailed off.

Potter actually swallowed his lie! Determined, he sat back down. He made a quick and badly planned out move and Draco managed to threaten both Potter's remaining knight and his bishop. He smirked. Maybe he could still win after all! Potter was scissoring his legs, staring at the board intently. Haltingly, he moved the bishop out of harm's way.

Draco took his time, pretending to think over his turn. His pieces started to mutter to themselves and he hushed them, annoyed. He was still at a disadvantage and his only chance was to play for time. He eyed the game clock and grinned, now he was thankful he had doubled their limit. After a long wait, finally, he took out Potter's knight.

Potter moaned silently. He bit his lip and stared down on the board, nervously seesawing his knees. Then he grinned and ordered his bishop forward. He smiled: “Check!”

Draco swallowed a curse. That move put him three turns away from checkmate. He stared at his king. The figurine looked back at him, worriedly.

“Hurry up, man!”, Potter whined.

“I gotta think this over carefully”, Draco told him, “you took your time making you moves as well!”

A silent whimper escaped Potter, but he didn't protest any more. He pressed his legs together and his left hand slowly wandered down to his crotch. Why didn't that stupid, stubborn prat just give up already?

Draco's pieces grew more and more nervous as well. Finally, his king turned around to him and whispered: “You can only move me or the rook to-”

“Shut up!”, Draco hissed at him.

He took out Potter's bishop with the rook. Potter moaned, he probably realized that Draco was playing on time. He in turn captured Draco's rook with his queen.

Draco pretended to think through his options again. He eyed the clock, he still had almost ten minutes left. He glanced over to his opponent. Potter was holding himself, nervously scissoring his legs and shifting around in his seat. Merlin, why didn't he just concede?

Draco pointedly eyed Potter's hand. “Look, if you gotta go that bad-”

“No! I'm fine”, Potter cut him off. He hurriedly moved the hand away and uncrossed his legs.

“OK”, Draco gave in.

Potter managed to keep still for almost half a minute before he started to bump his knees up and down again.

Draco stubbornly waited the whole ten minutes before he angrily ordered his king to get away from Potter's queen. He couldn't believe that ass was going to win!

Potter gasped with relief as Draco finally hit the clock. Almost instantly, he followed the king with his queen. Now Draco had only one place left to go and he was out of time. He moved his king out of harm's way one last time.

“Queen to C6! Checkmate!”, Potter spluttered, proudly, “I told you I almost had you that last game-”, he bend over with a whimper and grabbed his crotch. He hurriedly got up, “man, I gotta go to the loo!”

Draco gave him a death stare. That stupid pile of dragon dung didn't even realize how bad he played! And Draco had let him win! Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!

Potter staggered over to the door. Halfway out on the corridor, he turned around. He moaned: “Malfoy! Please! Where is the bathroom?”

“Yeah, yeah, I'll show you in a second”, Draco grumbled. He reached for the chess pieces and started to furiously stuff them back into their box.

Potter ran back over, he grabbed Draco at the arm and forced him to look up. “Now! I need the loo now!”, he screeched. He had to go so bad, he was shaking and jumping from one foot to the other. For a second Draco thought of tormenting the twat some more. Maybe that would humiliate him and show him his place! But he didn't want to get Potter's piss all over his carpet, besides, his dad would beat him raw. “Door right across the corridor”, he said.

Potter just jerked around and sprinted out. Draco heard him slam the bathroom door shut, then for a very long time, there was nothing until he heard the toilet flush.

A moment later, Potter emerged from the bathroom and rejoined Draco in the den, looking very relieved.

“Man, that was a good piss!”, Potter announced proudly, then he realized what he had just said and grinned awkwardly. Draco gave him an embarrassed look, feeling appropriately ashamed for the both of them.

* * *

Harry was laying in his bed, unable to sleep. Dinner together with the Malfoys must have been the most awkward time of his life. On the surface, they had all been perfectly polite to him, of course. The food had been really good, too, Mrs. Malfoy had even insisted he take seconds. But the silent looks they all gave him! Harry would have preferred any supper at the Dursleys to this experience.

But that wasn't what kept him awake. Harry peered over to the silhouette of the door in the darkness. He so wished he had the key to lock it! He didn't fear for his life or anything, but what if Malfoy planned to play some nasty prank on him at night? Harry uncomfortably shifted around in his bed. The drynite under his pyjama pants felt awfully thick. What if Malfoy sneaked over to scare him or something stupid like that and he discovered it? He just knew Malfoy would find out! And what was he to do with his used dynite in the morning anyways? At Hogwarts he just waited until he had the washroom for himself for a moment and threw it in the waste bin. He couldn't do that here! What if Malfoy saw it in the trash? Or his parents!

Harry restlessly shifted around again when he heard a floorboard creak on the corridor. Harry instantly froze and listened. Outside, the muffled sound of steps came from the direction where Malfoy's room lay. Was Malfoy coming over for real? Maybe he just had to take a leak and was heading for the bathroom?

But the silent steps continued down the corridor, past Harry's room. What was Malfoy up to in the middle of the night? Now Harry's suspicion was peaked and his curiosity got the better of him.

He quickly got out of bed and sneaked over to the door on his bare feet. He quietly pulled it open a crack and peered outside. In the pale moonlight, he could see Malfoy's back in the distance just as the boy descended the stairs and vanished from his view.

Harry slipped outside and silently followed him. When Malfoy reached the ground floor, he looked around furtively, like he was afraid to be seen. Harry quickly hid behind the railing. Malfoy was acting more and more suspicious! He waited a moment longer, then he turned towards the small sitting room with the fireplace in which Harry had arrived earlier. Harry ran down the stairs and creeped over to the door. He carefully peered into the room.

Malfoy was standing at the fireplace, poking at the embers with an iron rod. While he had his back turned, Harry quickly got closer and hid behind an armchair. When Malfoy had rekindled the fire, he put away the iron and sat down on the sofa in front of the fireplace. Harry peeked around his armchair. Some minutes passed, but Malfoy was still just sitting there. What the hell was he doing here? Maybe he just couldn't sleep either.

Just when Harry contemplated leaving and going back to bed, he heard the fire roar up and the shifting lights it cast on the walls turned green for a second. Harry held his breath and cowered deeper behind the armchair.

“Draco?”, he heard a whisper.

By the sound of it, Malfoy literally jumped up from his seat. Excited, he answered: “Yeah, I'm here! I almost thought you had forgotten!”

“Sorry”, the other one said. A young teen like them, judging by his voice. Harry recognised him, he was certain he had heard that voice before! Some Slytherin classmate? He just couldn't pin it on a person. Harry tried to get a glimpse at the face in the fireplace as it continued to talk, “I nearly wouldn't have made it for real, thought my dad would never go to bed! Man, I miss you already!”

“Yeah, miss you, too, Theo!”, Malfoy said. Theodore Nott! That was who the voice belonged to!

“Had a nice day together with your dad?”, Malfoy asked.

“He's been working all day”, Nott sighed.

“Sorry! I so wish you were here instead of Potter!”

“Yeah, me too! How are you keeping up?”

“Potter is driving me nuts! Dad even took my wand away while he's here, can you believe that?”

“That's harsh.”

They both fell silent for a moment.

Then Nott spoke up again: “You sure I can't come through for just a second?”

“No, dad warded the fireplace! He'd know!”, Draco said.

“I just want to hold you, I miss you already!”

“I know”, Malfoy said and knelt down in front of the fireplace.

Harry couldn't believe his eyes. Was Malfoy really bowing down and kissing Nott's face in the embers? Harry blushed and quickly retreated behind the armchair again.

“I want to kiss you for real! I want to touch you, I love you so much!”, Nott whispered.

That wasn't at all what Harry had expected and now he felt bad for eavesdropping on Malfoy's conversation. He decided that it was high time to leave. He took a quick peek around his cover, Malfoy still had his back turned and he shielded Harry from Nott's view with his body. Harry rose up and darted towards the exit. Only, in the darkness, he hadn't seen the carpet and he tripped over it's edge and with an audible crash stumbled into a table.

Harry jerked around. Malfoy was staring at him wide-eyed with an expression of complete shock on his face. Harry looked back at him like a deer caught in the headlights.

When Malfoy made a step in his direction, Harry just turned and ran. He could hear Malfoy's angry steps right behind him. Harry shot up the stairs and down the corridor to his room like the devil himself was after him.

He bolted into his room, slammed the door shut and leaned against it. A moment later, Malfoy burst into it, and the hinges creaked alarmingly, but the door held.

The handle moved down, but Harry grabbed it and pulled it back up.

“Potter!”, Malfoy hissed on the other side.

He pounded on the door and jerked at the handle again, but Harry held on to it like his life depended on it. Malfoy's body slammed into the door a second time and he tore at the handle.

Then, suddenly, he stopped. Harry heard him walk over to his own room and slam shut the door. Crap, what if Malfoy was getting his wand to blast the door open? Harry eyed his trunk, in which his own wand still was buried, but he didn't dare to leave the door.

He waited, anxiously listening for some sound from Malfoy. Silence. Maybe he had left for good? Maybe he had calmed down. Hadn't he said he didn't have his wand? Harry wasn't sure any more. He still held the handle in his hands. Maybe he ought to take a peek to make sure? Or was Malfoy outside, quietly waiting for him to do just that? Harry listened at the door. Probably safest he waited a bit longer.

But Malfoy didn't return. After a long while, Harry finally let go of the door handle and haltingly went over to his bed to crawl under the blankets. He felt really bad about himself. He really hadn't meant to invade Malfoy's privacy like that. Should he have apologized? He stared up at the dark ceiling, and contemplated what he could do about it now that the damage was done. Should he bring it up in the morning and apologize? Or was it best he didn't mention any of it ever again?

His worries kept him awake a long time before finally, his tiredness caught up to him and he fell into an uneasy sleep.

*047*2015-05-15 21:34

Thank you!

Sorry for the long wait!

I currently have little time to write, but I intend to continue this story.

Here is the next chapter:

Tuesday, December 21st

In the morning, Draco woke up to a wet bed like usual. With an angry stab his bladder informed him that it needed urgent emptying, too. He groaned, he hadn't gotten much sleep that night either. He had lain awake, worrying that Potter would tell his parents – especially his dad.

Out of habit, Draco reached for his wand on the nightstand, though of course, his hand didn't find it. He swallowed a silent curse, quickly pushed off his blankets and jumped out of bed. He hurriedly ripped off his soaked pyjamas and rushed over to his chest of drawers. Fidgeting all the time, he got out a clean one that looked at least remotely similar to the one he had worn and clumsily slipped into it.

He made a step towards the door, but then he hesitated and turned around. He couldn't leave his soaked bed and the wet pyjamas on the floor for everybody to see like that! With a groan, he quickly snatched up the pyjamas, threw them onto the bed and hastily pulled the blanket back up to cover up the mess. Then he ran out again. At the door, he turned around again and gave his work a critical look. It would do. For a second, he had to cross his legs, then he quickly pulled the door shut behind himself and hurriedly crossed his den.

He took a furtive peek down the corridor. To his relieve, it was deserted and the door to Potter's room was still closed. Draco made a beeline for the bathroom, ripped open the door, took one look inside to make sure it wasn't occupied, then he was already in, slammed the door shut and locked it.

He sprinted over to the toilet, pushed back the lid and ripped down his pants. Then he aimed his member at the bowl and with a relieved moan, he opened the floodgates.

He was almost finished, when someone tried the door handle and then urgently knocked at the door.

“Someone in there?”, Potter's voice asked.

Draco cramped up completely and his stream immediately stopped. He was so glad he had taken the time to lock the door!

“Occupied”, he awkwardly called out.

There was a short silence, then Potter whined: “Hurry up! I gotta go to the loo!”

Draco ignored him. He turned back to the toilet and tried to relax. Potter pounded on the door again. “Hurry up!” Draco shot an annoyed glance at the door. He sure wasn't going to finish peeing with that twit outside! Well, he had almost finished anyways. Hesitantly, he pulled up his pants and flushed the toilet – even though he hated announcing to Potter that he just had used the loo himself. Then he proceeded to wash his hands. He didn't particularly hurry.

Once he had carefully dried off his hands, he went over to the door to unlock it. The second he turned the key, Potter burst inside and tried to slip past him. Draco caught his arm and shoved him against the wall. He quickly pushed the door shut again.

“So, you were spying on me last night?”, he confronted Potter.

“No! Yes! I'm sorry!”, the stupid kid whined and tried to wiggle out of his grip.

Draco pushed him against the wall harder and leaned on him. “You listened in on me and Theo! What did you hear? You going to tell anyone?”

“No! I-I won't! I promise! Please, I really need the loo!”, Potter begged, but Draco was angry and afraid.

“You're going to tell my parents?”

Potter squirmed. “No! No! Please!”

“I swear, if you tell on me, if you prevent me and Theo from talking the rest of the Holidays, I make your life hell!”

“Please-”, Potter moaned. Suddenly, a shiver went through him and he stopped fidgeting. Instead, Draco heard an all too familiar hissing sound. Potter started to sob. Draco awkwardly stepped away from him and looked down.

Potter didn't move, he just stood there, bawling. To Draco's surprise, no wetness showed on Potter's groin at first, though the hissing continued and Draco knew he wasn't mistaken about the kid wetting himself. Then, the right leg of Potter's pyjama pants began to darken at the crease between his groin and his tight. The pee quickly spread down his leg and a tiny bit dripped down to the floor, forming a little puddle around Potter's bare foot. A small wet spot formed on the inside of his left pyjama leg as well, but before it could extend all the way down, Potter had already finished peeing.

Draco stared at it and at the puddle on the floor. Dragon dung! He really hoped Potter wouldn't tell about this either, or he had just gotten himself in even deeper shit! He awkwardly looked at the mess the kid had made. Then he suddenly wondered, Potter had been peeing full-force for like a minute, and yet there was just this tiny puddle? He pushed the thought away and looked back up at Potter. The stupid twat was crying uncontrollably.

“Potter?”, Draco asked awkwardly.

But the bawling boy was completely unresponsive.

“Potter?”, Draco asked, louder. Potter still didn't react.

Draco figured, he was in even more trouble if he just left Potter like that and the boy later told on him.

“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you wet yourself”, he said without looking Potter in the eyes, “come on, let's get you into the bathtub!”

Potter didn't resist as Draco gently pushed him in the direction of the tub, but he also didn't help. He just stood there and cried. Draco turned on the water, then he turned back to Potter.

“Take off your pyjamas!”, he instructed.

Potter didn't respond.

“I said, you have to take of your wet clothes!”, Draco tried again. Nothing. It didn't look like Potter was able to take care of cleaning himself in his state. Uneasy, Draco knelt down in front of him, “I'm going to help you undress, OK?”

He took Potter's silence as agreement and hesitantly reached for the waistband of Potter's pyjama bottoms. At least he didn't have to touch any of the pee-soaked parts! As he pulled at them, Potter wailed even louder. “No! Don't!”, he blubbered between sobs, but Draco already had the pants down to Potter's knees. He pulled them down all the way, then he looked up at the strange pair of briefs they had revealed. They were hugely bloated and felt extremely saggy when Draco hesitantly touched them. To Draco's confusion – but also great relief – they felt dry on the outside. Potter started crying even more desperately. Draco hardly had to pull at the pair of briefs, they were so heavy, they almost slid down on their own and slumped to the floor with a wet squish.

Draco couldn't help but take a quick glance. His adversary was kinda small down there still and except for a few lone black hairs, he was completely smooth. Draco quickly looked away again. Potter was still bawling his eyes out. Draco clumsily guided him to step out of his pants. Then he raised the boy's arms and stripped off his pyjama tops as well. Now Potter stood before him completely in the nude. Draco awkwardly checked the temperature of the water.

“We gotta get you in the tub”, he told Potter.

Like he had feared, the boy didn't move, so Draco carefully put Potter's hands on his shoulders to give him a hold, then, one by one, he raised Potter's legs over the rim of the tub and sat them back down inside. He had to fight a shiver as he touched the kid's pee-covered skin. Though, it wasn't entirely out of disgust. Awkward as it was, seeing the black-haired boy in such a helpless state, being so close to him and touching him felt kind of... nice? Draco shook off that horrifying thought.

Once Potter was safely placed under the shower, Draco immediately let go of him. Brusquely, he told him: “Wash yourself!”

He quickly turned away from Potter and, searching for something else to look at, his eyes fell on the odd pair of briefs. Draco squat down to examine them closer. He hesitated a moment, then he reached for them. Only when he picked them up, he realized how incredibly thick they really were and how heavy. But just in the crotch and back, on the sides the fabric was so flimsy, he could almost look through it. There was a picture printed on the front – some Muggle kid balancing on one of those strange roller boards Draco sometimes saw them ride down the streets. It felt completely dry there, though the bloated inside was soaking wet and when Draco gently pressed down on it, a little bit of liquid leaked out at the side.

Just then the realization hit him: He was touching Potter's still warm piss! Draco dropped the disgusting thing like it was on fire and hurriedly got up. He went over to the sink and gave his hands a most thorough wash. When he turned back around, he saw that Potter was still just stupidly standing under the shower, motionless and sobbing silently.

Draco reached for the soap and put it into Potter's hand. “You have to clean yourself!”, he reminded him and made washing motions with his hands.

Potter haltingly started to rub the soap over his body. Draco shot him another awkward glance to make sure the kid was actually washing himself, then he quickly went to the door and slipped out to give Potter some privacy. He pulled the door shut behind himself.

On the corridor, Draco eyed the door to Potter's room and bit his lip. Potter would probably take a while in the bathroom, so maybe Draco could quickly borrow his wand to take care of his own bed without anyone noticing? He ran over and hurriedly looked around in the guest room. Potter's wand wasn't on the nightstand. Not under the pillow either. He opened the wardrobe, but found it empty. Potter hadn't bothered to unpack his clothes yet. Draco eyed the huge trunk that sat at the foot of the bed. He quickly opened it and dug through the piles of clothes. Where the fuck had Potter hidden his stupid wand? Shirts, underwear – one of the briefs had a faint skid mark on it and Draco immediately dropped it again, horrified – a pair of worn jeans, one sock, it was like Potter had blindly picked up a bunch of random clothes and just stuffed them all into his trunk. Did that twat know no order at all?

Draco reached the bottom of the trunk, but still no wand. Instead, he found two big plastic packs. He picked one up. The front showed a picture of the strange briefs Potter had worn. 'DryNites', it said above it and, in smaller print 'Pyjama Pants 8-15 years'. On the top there was an image of some sleeping kid laying in bed – the picture wasn't moving, though, even when Draco shook it. He turned the pack around and examined it further. Apparently, it contained nine of those strange briefs. Or it had once, for it was ripped open at the side and, presumably, Potter had removed the pair he had been wearing. Draco stared at the pack. He remembered how thick and wet the thing had been. He eyed Potter's bed, which was completely dry, then he looked back at the pack and re-read the description. 'Absorbent pants for the night' and 'like real underwear' the fine print said.

Suddenly, he realised that he didn't hear the shower running anymore. He dropped the drynite pack back into the trunk and got up, but at that moment Potter entered the room, just wearing a towel around his waist. Potter stared at Draco, then at his open trunk and the pack of drynites laying on top of the clothes inside. He started crying again.

“Now you're gonna tell everyone! I'm gonna loose all my friends!”, Potter sobbed.

Draco genuinely felt a bit bad about himself. A very tiny bit. Almost. But that wasn't the point, his parents were going to kill him for real if they heard that stupid twit's wailing and they found him like this!

“I won't”, Draco muttered.

Potter didn't even seem to have heard him. The kid was completely out of his mind and kept on bawling his eyes out while jammering incoherently about loosing all his friend.

Draco stepped up to Potter and slapped him across the face.

“Snap out of it! I said I won't tell!”, he yelled at him.

Potter just stared at him for a second, scared, then he started weeping even louder.

“I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Just calm down, OK?”, Draco tried to hush him.

But Potter wouldn't. Draco didn't know what else to do, he took Potter's hand and dragged him over to his own bedroom. He awkwardly eyed Potter, then he pulled back the blanket from his bed to reveal the wet mess below.

“See?”, he said, “I won't tell.”

He nervously waited for Potter's reaction. Any reaction. At first, the boy just stared at Draco's wet bed without understanding. He looked up at Draco and back down at the bed.

“You... too?”, he finally asked.

Draco sighed: “Yeah.”

He quickly drew the blanket back up and ushered Potter out of the bedroom. He eased him into the armchair in the den and sat down opposite to him.

Potter faced him with his teary eyes, confused, he snivelled: “Why did you show me?”

“So you know I won't tell on you”, Draco gently explained.

“But what if I tell on you?”

“Then I will tell on you, too.”

Potter thought about that. “Why didn't you just keep your bed-wetting a secret and made fun of me?”

Draco looked at the floor. “You're such an idiot, like, there is so much stuff to ridicule you about, it just didn't feel right to use something like this”, he said, embarrassed.

* * *

After Harry had fully calmed down again, he realized that Malfoy had undressed him and seen him naked and that he was sitting across from him, still only wearing a towel. And that Malfoy had a boyfriend! Harry hurriedly closed his legs.

“You... did you like seeing me naked?”, he asked, haltingly.

Malfoy blushed and avoided eye contact. “Of course not!”, he barked.

Harry bit his lip. “I understand”, he said, “I mean, it's natural, you're gay, it's just a bit awkward and-”

“I'm not gay!”, Draco interrupted him.

“You have a boyfriend”, Harry pointed out to him, embarrassed, “You and Nott are boyfriends, are you not?”

“Yes. No! That's totally different!”, Malfoy spluttered.

“How?”, Harry asked in a tiny voice.

“Well, no, it's like... look, you don't understand! It's different!”, Malfoy stammered, “I like Theo, OK? But I like girls, too! I think. I mean, you're supposed to like girls, right? I like girls!”

“It's OK, too, if you don't”, Harry pointed out.

Malfoy stared at him with a look of... confusion? Shame? Embarrassment? Harry wasn't sure, maybe a little bit of all three. Malfoy abruptly got up.

“I gotta take a shower myself”, he said, “erm, can I borrow your wand for a moment afterwards?”

Now he was definitely embarrassed.

“Why?”, Harry asked.

“My dad took mine”, Malfoy confessed silently.

“No, I mean, what for?”, Harry clarified.

Malfoy glanced over to the bedroom door. He said: “I gotta cast my bed clean.”

“Oh, sure”, Harry agreed, now feeling a bit ashamed himself, “but what about the ban on underage magic?”

Malfoy snorted. “You're in a wizard's house”, he explained, “the closest Muggle lives like twenty miles away. I use magic all the time!”

While Malfoy quickly popped under the shower, Harry went over to his room to get dressed and fetch his wand. He made sure to bury the pack of drynites at the bottom of his trunk again while he was at it. He still couldn't believe Malfoy of all people now shared his secret.

The wand in hand, Harry returned to Malfoy's room. He had hardly sat down when Malfoy entered, just wearing a towel around his hips. He took the wand from Harry and cast a cleaning charm on his bed. Harry feinted disinterest, though he stealthily listened and watched the wand movements closely. He and Ron always had laughed off such charms as girly and he certainly hadn't expected Malfoy to know one. If he was honest, though, the knowledge of even one cleaning charm would have saved him from embarrassment more than once. He was too proud to ask Malfoy to repeat the exact incantation and wand movements for him, but he made a mental note to look up the charm in the library when he was back at Hogwarts.

Malfoy returned his wand to him, then the Slytherin just dropped his towel right in front of Harry and proceeded to dress himself while they talked. Harry was a bit embarrassed and tried not to look, though, of course, he was used to dorm life at Hogwarts as well. His foe was quite a bit bigger than him in the male department already, he noticed, and he sprouted a small bush of blonde hair down there.

When Malfoy turned his back to him, Harry saw the red streaks on his buttocks.

“What-what happened to you?”, he blurted out.

Malfoy faced him again, confused. He asked: “What do you mean?”

“Your ass”, Harry pointed at the marks with a finger.

Malfoy's expression darkened. “Are you happy about your handiwork or do you want to gloat some more?”, he spat and stuck out his ass for Harry to see.

“What do you mean? I don't-”, Harry said.

“Yeah! Innocent little Potter! What did you expect would happen when you told my dad about the snake?”, Draco huffed, “got me a nice thrashing!”

“He honesty beat you for that?”, Harry gasped.

“Of course he did”, Draco said, angry.

Harry looked down at his feet. “I'm sorry”, he murmured quietly.

Draco stared at him a moment longer, annoyed, then he abruptly pulled his briefs over the offending marks and proceeded to quickly put on the rest of his clothes.

“Honestly, I'm so sorry!”, Harry stuttered, “I didn't think... I... that is horrible!”

Malfoy remained silent.

A horrible thought occurred to Harry. He quietly asked: “When I eavesdropped on you and Nott last night – I'm really sorry for that, too, by the way! – and... you were worried I would tell your parents about it. They won't punish you for being gay, would then?”

Draco burst out laughing.

“I told you, I'm not gay! And of cause they wouldn't!”, he angrily corrected Harry, “I could fuck that Granger Mudblood for all my dad cares as long as I keep it quiet! But he will kill me for being stupid enough to let you find out and I'd get a good licking for secretly using the fireplace on top of it!”

Harry ignored the jab against Hermione. He silently asked: “Have... have you talked to anyone about this? Isn't there someone who could do something about this? Professor Dumbledore maybe? Or Professor Lupin! Professor Lupin is really nice, he'll know what to do! I... I can go with you if you want. I-”

Draco grabbed him at his shirt and forced him to get up so their faces were at the same height. “You'll tell no one, do you understand!”, he hissed, “do you want to embarrass me even more? You do something wrong, you get a beating. That's how it is!”

“No it's not! That's horrible!”

“Don't tell me your Muggle uncle never gave you a thrashing!”

Harry avoided Malfoy's eyes. Uncle Vernon had done a lot o terrible things to him, but he had never physically hurt him. “No”, he muttered, “look, we could go to Professor McGonagall – or Dumbledore, he would help-”

With an angry cry, Draco pushed him back down into his seat.

He yelled: “Yeah! They always help YOU! Dumbledore, McGonagall, Lupin, all the teachers, they always favour you! If it's famous Harry Potter, they always bend the rules! You're always the centre of attention and you always get rewarded. You don't even study that hard! You slack off all the time and hang out with that waster Weasley! I am studying every day! I WORK very hard for my achievements! I have been flying a broom since before I could walk! I have trained for years to become as good a seeker as I am today! You were made seeker the first day you ever sat on a broom! Dragon dung, you got a fucking Nimbus dropped into your lap by your teacher! You never learned anything about magic, you don't study, you don't do your homework and yet you receive outstandings because you're the teacher's pet. Just because you're famous Harry Potter!

That oaf Hagrid favours you, too, and he is really mean to all Slytherin! You and your friends constantly break the rules and the teachers just look the other way while I already get punished for looking at you the wrong way! I work hard and study for years to get good at something and then you come along and everything just falls into your lap! No one ever notices when I do good because they only have eyes for famous Harry Potter! Everything always is about Harry Potter! There are fucking hundreds of Dementors at Hogwarts right now just to protect you! Even my dad always only talks of you! Do you remember last year's match Slytherin against Hufflepuff? That we only won by ten points because I caught the snitch? No? Do you think my dad does? Do you think he congratulated me on that catch? Or on any of the other matches we won? Even once? No! You know what he does? He is sending me fucking newspaper clippings about YOU! Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that! It's always Harry Potter!”

Malfoy's voice had turned more and more whiny as he went on with his tirade and he ended abruptly in a sob. He quickly turned away, but Harry had seen the tears in his eyes. He hadn't realized that that was how Malfoy had felt all the time. He still was kind of an arrogant, self-centred prick. Harry hadn't chosen to be the boy who lived and he would have given everything to grow up with his parents instead! Malfoy had never seen his life at the Dursleys either. And his teachers didn't favour him! They didn't, did they? Yet, Harry couldn't help but feel a bit guilty.

“I'm sorry, Draco”, he whispered, more to himself than to the other boy.

