Cho Chang's Fifth Year

Author: Ishigreensa

*006*2012-06-18 01:42

This chapter seems to be all over the place. I'm not even sure the title makes sense, and I might yet change it.

However, as I do not yet have a good replacement title, I'll just keep it for now.

I hope that people are getting interested in Cho's version of the story.

Marietta’s Concerns

Cho didn’t remember when, but she must have eventually crawled off of the cold floor, put on her pajamas, and gotten into bed during the night.

It had been about a week or two since that first meeting, and Cho found herself in her dreams again….

Cho was once again in the small hall of doors, where one had already been opened, and she stood in front of the other that she was about to open before she was kicked out of the dream. She didn’t know why she kept dreaming of this place. It had never been a part of her fantasies about Harry, and somehow, it felt worse than depressing.

Gathering as much courage as she could, she unlatched the door and pushed it open. There in the room, she could see Harry standing against a far wall while a large hippo of a boy and two of his friends were playing on a muggle game system.

Harry stood at the back of the room, looking down as Cho saw urine flowing down his legs and getting the floor all wet. Still, he just stood there, watching this boy.

“Harry--Ralph, Ted, and I want drinks. Go get them!”

Harry nodded with teary eyes, and walked out of the room with his head bent in shame. Cho wondered if this was really her dream. How could she ever think up something like this for someone she really cared about? How could she ever think that Harry would be like this? She tried to wake up. She hated the way the dream portrayed him.

Her eyes seemed to flutter open, but her body was yet so heavy in her bed. Something was amiss. Something was holding her down to her bed, and her heart started to race. She couldn’t get up! Had someone casted an immobilizing spell on her in her sleep? She tried to fight against whatever it was, but then found herself once again waking up from inside a dream?

Her heart raced faster as she tried to move her right arm. It moved. She rose into a sitting position, and yet her eyes seemed to flutter yet again. She tried to standup, then she realized that she was not sitting, but still lying with her eyes just coming open.

“Wake up!” she yelled at herself. “Wake up!”

The mumbling girl wouldn’t have noticed that Marietta was worriedly at the side of her bed, and had pulled the curtains around her bed back so that she could get a look at her mumbling friend.

“Alice, Cho has a fever!”

“Do you think Madam Pomphrey is allowed to come to our room to check on her?”

“I don’t know, but can you go see?”

Cho found herself once again in the small hall of doors, two of them were open. She wondered if she really should be here. There was a foreboding as if she were reading Harry’s mind, or seeing something she shouldn’t see. It both depressed her and made her nervous as she lurked in the hall, unsure as to whether she should open anymore doors.

Madam Pomphrey came into the girl’s room, sat on the edge of Cho’s bed. Alice and Marietta looked on in worry as the nurse put her hand over Cho’s burning head.

One of the doors in the small hall appeared to open. Cho saw a little Harry peeking out of a door. He couldn’t have been much older than six or seven, someone who had their backs to her, towered over the small boy, saying something that made him cry.

Cho’s heart broke as she heard the man’s words. “If you were not my wife’s sister’s child, you can be sure you’d have been thrown out long ago! Did you really not think we would notice the stains on your sheets in your bedroom?”

“I—I didn’t meant to,” the small boy had whined.

“You are too old for this behavior,” he yelled at Harry. “If you so much as wet your underwear at school today, you will be in diapers until further notice, got it?”

The boy’s response was too weak to be heard.

Cho wanted out of this nightmare. She didn’t want to see anymore. She was convinced that someone else was planting some kind of spell on her to see such a twisted image of her fantasies of the boy she liked. She hated to see this, and yet, somewhere inside, she also wondered if any part of this was real.

A few hours later, Cho woke up, not in her room or bed, but in the hospital wing with Madam Pomphrey at her side

“What? Where am I?” Cho asked the matron.

“I would normally not say anything,” the woman started. “But you do know that Legilmens should not be used lightly, don’t you?”

“Well, yeah, I mean, I’m just now learning to do it,” Cho looked up at the woman.

“Just now? Well, just get some sleep, young lady. You’ve had a very difficult night.”

Cho looked down at the blankets that covered her. Her bottom felt something soft and padded against it, and her legs felt forced apart by whatever underwear she had on which felt quite strange to her. She tentatively reached a hand under the blankets and felt a thick heavy diaper in place around her middle.

“What the?” she gasped as the pulled the blankets back. “I don’t need this!” she practically screamed causing Madam Pomphrey to come running out of her office.

“My dear child, what is it now?” she asked as she saw that Cho had pulled the blankets away from her middle.

“I’m in a diaper!” Cho said disgusted.

“Yes, you are child. When I retrieved you, you were wet, so I put a diaper on you just in case it happened again.”

Cho started to feel tears building in her eyes.

“Look Ms. Chang,” Madam Pomphrey looked at her sternly. “I don’t know what magic your messing with, but in your emotional state, it is causing problems with your body and your emotions. I know you miss your boyfriend, but whatever this magical obsession you have with Harry, you need to let it go before it destroys you!”

“I’m not doing anything with Harry,” she said defensively. “I’ve only talked to him.”

“You are using Legilmens on him, and reading his mind, and with your confused state, you are twisting those into the fantasies that you already have about him, and it’s causing you to get confused about who he is, about who YOU are, and it will tear you apart if you keep doing this.”

“I don’t even know how to do Legilmens that well,” Cho looked at her wide eyed wondering how she could think that she would do such a spell without good cause.

“If you are not doing it, then someone else is causing you break into his mind. Do you know who else could know about your fantasies about Harry, but not like either of you?”

Cho shook her head. No one came to mind.

“When you dream about your fantasies with Harry, particularly when you are remembering a part of his real past, you are reacting to the way you find him, or another words, you are wetting the bed when in your dreams, you think he has peed his pants.”

“I don’t,” Cho blushed wondering how much Pomphrey knew that she dreamed of Harry like that, and even thought about it in the daytime.

“Well, I am not going to go on,” the nurse smiled. “I just thought you should understand the dangers of what you are doing to yourself. If you are really not doing the spell on him, then I can only caution you to be careful.”

Cho smiled weakly, but now, she wondered if the nurse would tell her head of house or someone important on her. She wondered if she would have to be evaluated for a sane mind, or if she would have to explain what she was thinking or feeling to some stranger.

After another short sleep, Cho woke up and found her diaper was soaked in urine. She just laid there thinking about what the nurse had told her, but she had not dreamed of Harry on this occasion. She wondered who could be doing this to her, and if it was really unsafe to like the boy of her dreams.

Marietta was at the foot of her bed watching her when she woke.

“Are you okay?” Marietta asked Cho.

“Yeah,” Cho replied. “But I guess I have a problem.”

“What’s the problem? Can it be fixed?”

“I don’t know,” Cho honestly said blushing. “But it seems I’m having trouble with my bladder especially in my sleep.”

“It’s okay. All the girls in our room already know you’ve wet a couple of times, and we don’t care. I’ll personally hex anyone if they talk about it with anyone but those in our room.”

Cho smiled at Marietta. They had been best friends since she transferred to this school in her third year, and she was really grateful for the way that Marietta was. There were imperfections about Marietta that could bother some people, but these just made her predictable to Cho, so she liked that when Marietta felt uneasy about something, that she would complain about it beforehand. She liked that Marietta would tell you to your face if you had lied about something or that she would tell you what she thought you out to do.

“Listen,” Marietta looked down as she was about to talk about something uncomfortable.

“What is it,” though Cho was certain she already knew.

“This Dumbledore’s Army is a little scary,” she whispered. “If anyone found out that we had named this rebellion that, it would surely cause trouble not only for us, but for the headmaster. I think it’s wrong.”

“You can quit,” Cho offered.

“I have thought about that, but truthfully, I like learning from Harry more than I like learning from the tyrant, but I don’t like what we are calling ourselves.”

“Do you want me to say something to Harry about it?”

“No. Everyone else likes the name, so I don’t want to cause any trouble. I just thought I should tell you what is bothering me because we are friends.”

“I appreciate that,” Cho looked at her in earnest. “I guess I should be more open and honest with you, too. The Matron thinks that I’m using legilmens or that someone is possessing me or doing something so I have a connection with Harry that is twisted. What do you think about that?”

“I think she’s nuts. There’s no reason for you to really try to read Harry’s mind because you already know he likes you, right? And for someone to do that with you, they would have to either think you need to know something, which I can’t possibly think what, or they would do it to hurt one of you, but the only thing I’ve seen it has done to you is make you wet your pants at night sometimes.”

“So, you think it might just be a coincidence?”

“Well, I honestly don’t know what to think, but I’d like to hope it is.”

“You haven’t had any strange problems, have you?”

“No, not that I can think of,” Marietta looked down. They both felt the warmth of their glowing coins again. These were the coins that Hermoine had given everyone on the first lesson a few days ago, so that they could know when to meet.

“That’s another thing,” Marietta said. “It’s scary how similar to He who must not be named, that Harry’s right hand person can think. She magicked these coins in the same fashion as the murderer uses a tattoo on his followers.”

“I think she’s rather clever to tell the truth,” Cho smiled. “The method of communication is not evil. It is just that the evil man is evil that we worry about it so much.”

“Maybe you are right,” Marietta sighed. “Anyway, Madam Pomphrey says you can go back with me if you are feeling up to it.”

“I… I need some clean underwear first,” Cho blushed. “They put a… a diaper on me, and I’ve wet it.”

“I figured that would happen when we found you. I brought some with me for you.”

“Thank you so much!”

Cho shifted under the blankets pulling off the wet diaper and leaving it in the bed while she put on some nice blue panties. The two walked out of the medical wing and down the stairs towards the great hall, and that’s when they saw Ron and Harry talking.

Harry looked up and smiled hopefully at Cho. She smiled back at him and passed them to get into the dining hall. There were many good things to eat.

The Ravenclaw table was looking towards to the head staff table, and this drew both Marietta and Cho to look. They both realized that Dumbledore was missing. “Where is he?” they wondered aloud.

Cho looked down at her lap thinking about the trouble they might be causing him, and wondered if using the name Dumbledore’s Army was really a good idea or not. Still, it seemed to be the very thing that would get back at Umbridge and those that sent her. Anyway, they didn’t plan on getting caught, so the only ones that really know about the army, were those that were in it.

“Do you think Professor Dumbledore is talking to the ministry about Professor Umbridge and everything that is happening here?” Alice seemed to come from nowhere sitting on the other side of Marietta.

“I don’t know,” Cho replied halfheartedly. She didn’t want to think about what he might have to talk to the ministry about, and she also felt a tugging at her emotions as she thought about Harry. Regardless of those dreams that couldn’t possibly be true, she still felt that Harry was holding back something important and something dangerous. He was the chosen one, and she was sure that he had a lot more on his mind than he seemed to tell most. Maybe he told Hermoine and Ron everything, she wondered.

“Cho,” Marietta had called her for the third time. “What are you thinking about?”

“Oh, just Harry,” she sighed. “I was wondering what mysteries he is hiding, and what pain or fears he has.”

“You really are sweet on him, aren’t you?” Alice asked.

“Well, he’s actually pretty kind, you know.”

“Yes, I know that, but he’s a year younger than you, and he’s very immature if you ask me. I heard that he peed his pants the other day in Professor Umbridge’s office.”

“Even if he did, I wouldn’t put it past that most students do so when they have her for detention.”

“What do you mean?” Alice asked her.

“I had one detention with her. You wouldn’t believe what she did to me!”

“What could she do? It’s not like she can use a curse on a student.”

“Oh? You really have no idea of how mean or strange she really is if you think that she is above cursing students.”

“What curse did she do, then?”

“She has these special pens she makes you use,” Cho tried to remember exactly what it had done to her. “They kind of do things to you that really hurt.”

“Why did you get detention from her?” Alice asked.

“She slept in about a week ago, remember? She was so exhausted, and she came to class late, and the professor decided that she should be punished,” Marietta told the girls. “I know about her pens, too.”

They examined Marietta’s hand to find in faint slanted etched redlines, the words ‘I will not pass notes in class’ carved on her hand.

“That looks really painful Alice grimaced.”

“Yeah, it was,” she agreed. “It’s fine now, but that’s why I don’t like Harry’s idea, Cho.”

“It’s exactly because of this, that we have to rebel,” Cho said frowning at her. “She shouldn’t be allowed to treat us like this.”

“Do you think she’s a dark wizard in disguise?” Alice asked as she looked again at Marietta’s hand.

“I wouldn’t put it past her,” Cho agreed. “But I doubt she’s working with He who must not be named.”

“So, what did the pen do to you,” Marietta looked at Cho.

“Come to think about it, it had etched something on my stomach instead of my hand, but I can’t remember exactly what the words are.”

“Maybe we should check when we get back to the room, if they are still there.”

Cho nodded and turned to the Griphondor table to see if she could see Harry. She wasn’t sure if he would look back at her, and it did indeed seem that he was too busy talking to his friends, but then, just as she was about to give up and look away, she saw him look up at her and smile.

Cho giggled and that made Alice and Marietta smile.

“Cho really likes Harry,” they whispered.

A few hours later, the girls had gone up to their room, and just as she had promised, Cho lifted her shirt to see if they could see what the words were.

“I must not oversleep my classes” was written in thin red lines.

“Why do you think the words appeared here, instead of your hand?” Alice asked Cho.

“Mine are on the back of my hand, and everyone else I’ve talked to has it on their hands.”

“I don’t really know,” Cho looked down at her stomach frowning. She did note that it was just above that place that would get a little tense and swollen when she had to pee.”

The girls all went to their own bunks to prepare for bed letting Cho get ready for bed. The fact that someone had placed pull ups on her bed on top of her night clothes seemed to either be missed or ignored by the other girls and Cho sighed. Did the nurse really expect her to act like a baby and wear these things on her own accord? She had to be smoking something to think that!

Cho lie still in her bed, and rather than a fantasy, she tried to remember a time when Harry had not seen her looking, that she could recall him in a difficult situation. It didn’t take too long before she remembered that he had wet his pants during the third year when Griffindor was playing against Slythern and one of those goulish dementors had swept upon him.

Now she thought about it, the dementors had affected Harry much worse than she had seen them affect anyone else, and this made her think that there was some connection between his power and the power of the monsters. No other creature seemed to cause Harry alarm and this kind of scared Cho. If a dementor is really that dangerous, and if they are guarding the prison for those that they’d rather join, wasn’t it playing with fire to depend on them?

Wanting to know why Harry really was scared of them to the point of fainting, Cho closed her eyes and tried to imagine what it would be like to face to face with one herself. She already had an inkling of an idea of what it was like when they came near, but to really face one, she wondered if she might faint as Harry does, or if she would simply die of heart attack.

Cho found herself drifting off to sleep.

*007*2012-06-19 12:21

This is a much longer chapter, I am still not sure it was really finished, but 20 pages has to be enough. 20 pages at 14 though, don't think it's really that good. lol

Anyway. Here is the next chapter

‘I will not make pee pee on the floor’

Cho had forgotten about all that had happened the night before and on this morning, she was happily walking along to her transfiguration class. She didn’t know if McGonaggal would had heard by then that she was having trouble recently, but it didn’t matter. No one seemed to say anything.

“Today,” the professor went on. “We will be practicing something that will be in your NEWT level tests. This jinx,” and then she saw the toad come through the door and sighed. “What is it, Delores?”

“Oh, nothing. It’s just time for your evaluation,” the fat woman giggled.

“Evaluation,” the stern teacher glared into the woman’s eyes. “Fine, you will be able to best observe my lessons from the back,” she pointed the toad woman to an empty chair.

“Now, class, this is a bit of a tricky spell to get right,” she started.

An annoying little giggle interrupted her, and then Professor Umbridge broke the silence. “Excuse me, but I was wondering if this is the best way to teach these students about this spell….”

“Normally, Mrs. Umbridge,” Professor McGonaggal’s mouth was taut with dislike. “I don’t allow people to interrupt me, especially during an important and tricky explanation.”

“Yes, that is all good, but I’m evaluating you.”

“Then evaluate me,” the woman stared at the fat toad. “But you surely can’t see how I run a class if you are going to change it by interrupting it every five minutes, now can you?”

Umbridge became very quiet, but then her pen flew across her paper as she wrote about McGonaggal. The professor, however, did not seem to care what the toad was writing but continued as if she wasn’t there.

“Now, when you use two or three disciplines of magic together to come up with an effect like this, you really have to be careful of several things. One, if you are working with a dangerous element like fire….”

Cho smiled. This was one teacher that the ministry could not bully. She had her way of doing things, and though she was very strict and nearly immoveable in her way of doing things, it was nice to see that even someone like Umbridge could not detour the aged woman from teaching class the way she had planned. Her respect for McGonnagal increased that morning a hundred fold.

“Cho, see me after class,” the teacher suddenly said as she looked at Cho’s attempt at making flaming fingers and realized that something was bothering the Ravenclaw girl.

Umbridge waited around too. Appearently, she wanted to hear whatever it was that McGonaggal wanted to talk about.

“Is there something I can help you with?”

“Oh no, I just thought you could use some extra authority as you corrected a student’s progress.”

“I assure you, I have this, Delores. Cho is a good student and not in trouble in anyway, so there is no need for additional authority.”

Umbridge glanced from the professor to Cho, and then nodded walking off, but still writing something with her pen as she went.

“Now she’s gone,” McGonaggal looked into Cho’s soft childish face. “I wanted to talk to you about your magic this morning. It’s not in top form, and if you can, I’d like you to explain it to me, miss.”

“I’m sorry,” Cho looked down.

“Sorry for what?” the teacher asked her with a frown.

“You are scolding me for goofing off in class, aren’t you?”

“Were you goofing off in class?” the teacher looked confused.

“No.”

“Then why would you think I would scold you for something you didn’t do? I assure you, I am strict, but I’m also fair, and I don’t scold students that don’t deserve it.”

“But you said my magic was off.”

“Yes, but that is something entirely different, child, and not something to be scolded for. Something is bothering you, and I am just trying to lend you a shoulder if you need some help.”

“Oh,” Cho blushed. “Professor? There is this boy, you see, and well, it wouldn’t be so hard, but he was a rival for Cedric. I… I am confused. I don’t know why I like him, but he’s cute. And I’m afraid Cedric will never forgive me if I… um… date this other boy.”

“Is this other boy, Harry?”

Cho looked down.

“Cho, no one can blame you for liking Harry. Harry is a very sweet person who really cares about his friends. You’ve no doubt seen that. You are an intelligent person, though and I cannot tell you what you should do. Just consider that you both have feelings and though Cedric was a very good person, he is no longer here. He most certainly would forgive and even encourage you to see the person you really liked, if he loved you.”

“Really?”

“Yes. People want to see their love interests happy, if they really love them. Cedric cared about you, I can tell you that. I saw the way he hung about you, and that’s why he’d want you to see anyone you chose. You are not hurting his memory by liking someone else.”

Cho blushed.

“Is that all that is wrong, Ms. Chang?”

She shook her head. “I have to tell someone before word gets around and someone of authority gets too upset at me….”

“What is it, child?”

“I don’t know why, but I wet the bed a couple of times this year.”

“Is that all?”

Cho looked up at the teacher surprised that she wasn’t shocked.

“Cho, you are under a lot of stress. Of course, you are going to have problems dealing with that stress for a while. If one of the things it is causing is a wet bed, then we’ll just put you in diapers at night to keep the bed dry under you. But Cho, you are still sixteen years old, and you are still a good student regardless of what the stress is doing to your body or your feelings. Understand?”

Cho smiled. “Thank you.”

Cho walked down towards potions smiling very brightly, and her friend Marietta suddenly noticed. “Why are you so happy? Don’t you know what teacher is next?”

“Snape,” Cho shrugged.

“So, are you really so happy that even he doesn’t scare you?”

“He’s a pushover,” Cho said pointedly. “He says things, but in the end, he really just pretends to hate everyone. Look at how he treats Harry!”

“What are you saying?”

“Marietta, if he hated Harry half as much as he let on, do you really think he would have kept Harry from falling to his death during his third year qwiditch game?”

“That was Dumbledore.”

“If you say so,” Cho smiled. “But I know I’ve seen Snape doing things that are for Harry behind the boy’s back.”

“He does it because of Dumbledore.”

“If you say so.”

They opened the door to the scary teacher’s room and without Umbridge there, he had again magicked the words legilmens and Occlemacy on the blackboard.

“Are we going to learn potions today?” Zimbini asked.

“You are going to learn what I decide to teach you,” Snape said without directly answering the boy. “Now, everyone take out a pen, a parchment, and use your wands to brew some water and onion on the table next to you.”

“It is a potion,” Marietta relaxed. “I thought he was going to get into the dark arts or something.”

“Quiet, Ravenclaw. Fifty points. Don’t interrupt. Now, while your ‘potions’ boil and soften the onion, I will teach some finer points on Occlemens.”

“Wait, Occlemens is NOT a potion, is it?” one of the Slythern called out.

“Correct. Fifty points for Slythern. “I will be teaching this class to close your minds. There are people who want to read them. I cannot say who they are because of the curriculum, but I can tell you that this is probably the most important lesson you’ll have this year, and it will be in your Newts.”

“Dumbledore has of course asked me to teach you this because it is not a standard charm you’ll find in charms class. It is not a transfiguring spell, and it is not a potion.” He had not even mentioned the other class, almost as if he didn’t recognize it as a class at all.

Professor Snape spent nearly two hours talking about what Occlemens and Legilmens was, and about how to both break each one down and how to employ them. He looked Cho in the eye, and he tormented her for a moment.

“I dare say that even without legilmens, I would know every worry you had because you are too much like a certain Griffindor that I know. You cannot have your feelings bubbling up on the surface when someone attacks you with that spell or they will know all of your secrets.”

He walked to a girl behind her.

“Now, this young lady, will probably offer some kind of resistance if I were to try it on her. Would you come to the front please?”

Everyone watched as Snape took a usually shy and quiet girl to the front. “Remember, that the very basics of Legilmens is based on you giving me a doorway. To not do so, you must resist with the tools we have already discussed,” but then the bell rang, and she had escaped having her mind read.

“Next time, we will pick up here, unless, we are forced to learn our next potion.”

The class noisily rose to its feet and the blackboard became blank.

Snape flicked his wand, and the classroom seemed to shimmer for a moment before everything fell into its same place as it was before the shimmering. He had lifted an unnamed spell and the students started to filter towards the door.

It was right as Cho came out of the classroom, that she saw the blond Slythern flanked by his two giant friends. They were chatting about Harry.

“I found out that Harry wets the bed,” he laughed to his friends. “He not only wets the bed, but he wears diapers. Do you want me to lift his robes on him in class to see if he is wearing any?”

Cho’s face grew hot as she heard the boy talking about her Harry. The more he spoke about it, the more she saw red until without thinking, she said a single word, and then Draco started to pee into his shorts. She smiled and walked away with Marietta.

Draco put his thighs together, held his ‘snake’ through his pants and robe, but still it just kept pouring out until there was a puddle all around him. He only saw the retreating back of the two girls, one of which had done this to him, but he could not use his wand, for both of his hands were still futily trying to grasp himself and close off the flow.

Professor Snape came into the hall and saw Draco struggling with pee still pouring out of his pants. He could see that it had been a spell, because Draco’s pee wasn’t slowing down. The teacher pointed his wand at the boy and stopped the flow.

“Were you dueling again?”

“No sir. This girl just attacked me for no reason.”

“What girl?”

“The girl that came out of your class. She has dark hair, and I think she’s at least one year older than me.”

“Is she in Ravenclaw?”

“Yes sir.”

“Go get cleaned up. I’ll have her in detention for this.”

Draco smiled. “Oh, and she said that she was doing it on Potter’s orders.”

“Alright, I’ll find out,” Professor Snape promised. “Now go get cleaned up unless you want everyone to see you like that.”

Draco ran off to his dorms happy to have an excuse to take one class off and relax.

As Cho walked to her Divination class, she saw Snape magically appear from one of the walls. This place really does have a lot of secret passages. She stared at him wondering why he chose that moment to come out.

“Ms. Chang, we need to go see your head of house.”

“Why?”

“You attacked a younger student with magic while his back was turned. Not only is that cowardice, but you are not supposed to do magic in the halls between lessons, and you certainly are not to be picking on people younger than you.”

Cho looked to Marietta for help, but Marietta just looked down. Marietta had very strict parents, and she knew that if Marietta stuck with her and got in trouble too, she would be in real trouble.

“Yeah? Alright, I attacked a blond kid that was making fun of someone I like.”

“Making fun?” the teacher asked.

“Nevermind,” Cho said shrugging. “So are you going to give me detention?”

“As I said, I want to talk to you and your head of house.”

Cho nodded and let Snape guide her to Umbridge’s office.

“Why are we here?” she asked a little confused.

“Oh, Umbridge is your new head of house. She has decided that your old head of house was not doing her job properly, so you will answer to this woman.”

Now, Cho was worried. Umbridge was not going to take any excuses at all.

“So, Cho, who the transfiguration professor called a good student, has attacked a younger student in the halls. What do you think I should do about this, young lady?”

Cho stared at the ground.

Professor Snape smiled and parted from them.

“I’m sorry,” Cho said deciding pleading was better than lying.

“Sorry for what, young lady?”

“For attacking another student and using magic between classes,” she said hoping that was good enough.

“To make sure it doesn’t happen again, you are off of the Qwitich team.”

Cho nodded.

“You will report to me tonight at seven for detention.”

Cho nodded.

Cho was finally allowed to leave and to go to Divination late with a pass explaining that she had attacked another student, and now was not allowed to walk through the halls by herself. If the woman, who was mediocre at best at teaching wanted to keep her job, she better make sure to walk Cho to her next class.

Cho looked at the pass, and her eyes were lit on fire, but she handed it to Professor Twaleny anyway knowing that it meant she would be watched all day until she got to her dormitory.

Cho was walked from class to class, taken to the bathroom twice, and walked to lunch and dinner. She had no private moment at all, and all the while, Marietta avoided her scared of attracting trouble to herself. Cho boiled in anger against the fat woman, but before she knew it, she was in front of her door, Filch having taken her there from dinner.

“So, you want to break rules and make males pee their pants,” the teacher taunted the frightened teenager. “I think it would be fitting if you write five hundred lines that you will not make pee pee on the floor. I will leave you to it while I go check on someone else. Give me your wand.”

The teacher stood over her until Cho relinquished her wand and then she walked out the door locking it behind her. Cho didn’t know why the teacher had left her alone or locked the door, but she just started to write her lines, which burned not her wrist, but her lower abdomen.

She wrote another line, and instead of her abdomen, it burned her lower back. It took turns increasing in a burning and painful raw etching between the place near her bladder on her tummy and her lower back. Why was the teacher causing pain there? She felt her eyes sting with the pain, and her left hand went down to her side to massage the stabbing throbs as she wrote the cruel words.

‘I will not make pee pee on the floor.’

Cho wrote her fiftieth line, this one causing the pain to sear right through her back and into her inner organs somewhere. She could feel the burning sensation as each stroke cut into her body in magic. The pain was getting raw and felt as though she had been picking at a sunburn and suddenly pulled into fresh raw new skin. Her bladder pulsed as the pain burned it.

Her eyes watery, but her teeth gritted closed, she wrote yet another line this one etching deeply into her left side near the stomach and pressing and burning deep into the bladder. The bladder pulsed again as it burned and jittered in pain.

Cho wanted the teacher to be there, so she can ask to stop, but the teacher was still gone. She wondered if she’d be in more trouble if she took a break and stopped writing. She laid the quill down and sat with one hand massaging her aching back and the other massaging her burning bladder. This was the worst she had ever felt, and thought no sickness could ever be this bad.

After ten minutes, the ache in her back started to dull a bit and her bladder, still pulsing a bit from the unwelcome feelings, was no longer feeling as raw and she picked up the pen to try yet again.

The room was silent, and the only movements within the room were from Cho wiggling her legs, her hand preparing to write, and the cats on the various showman dishes and dollies looking curiously at the teen girl as she sat there with her eyes squinting.

“Why must I be the one in trouble,” she asked the cats that were watching her from their perspective places. “Draco was the one that was going to do something mean, I just got him before he had a chance.”

Her bladder pulsed a bit more strongly as she etched in another word across it, the line feeling as though it had literally cut a line into her aching muscle within her body. She looked at her sixty-five lines and bit on her finger for a moment. Underneath of her skirt, she could feel that her girlhood was starting to pulsate from more than just the stinging she etched into her bladder. She was starting to feel like peeing, and from the lines she was writing, she didn’t doubt that if she did wet, that the professor wouldn’t use what she was writing against her.

Cho stood up, feeling the fullness of her bladder, and she walked carefully, gingerly, towards the door a little worried that she might have an accident long before getting there if she moved too suddenly or jolted her sore body.

She tried the door, but just as she had thought, the professor had locked it.

“Now what?” she asked the cats that looked at her. “You know that Umbridge is just waiting for me to make another mistake to punish me for, and there is no way I can wait much longer with the way my bladder feels right now. Normally, I think I could wait, but my stomach hurts so badly after having those magic words etched into it, I’m afraid I’ll wet long before the teacher comes back.”

Professor Umbridge opened the door at that very moment, and started down at Cho who was next to the door.

“How long have you been just standing there, child, and don’t lie to me.”

“I’m not sure, Mrs. Umbridge, but may I please go to the bathroom before I wet myself?”

“Wet yourself? Don’t be ridiculous. You are sixteen years old, aren’t you?”

“Ye… yes ma’am, but my bladder is already sore from all the writing.”

“Is it now, deary?” she asked with her eye brows raised. “Are you willing to show me how bad it is, or do you just want to sit down and continue?”

“I’ll show you.”

“Then do so.”

Cho gulped and slowly peeled off her robe letting it fall to the floor. Under it, she had on a skirt that she pulled on to get the snap into position so she could undo it, but doing so put more strain on her bladder, and she felt a little bit slip past her fighting tired sore muscles and go a little bit in her panties. Then she let the dark blue skirt drop to the floor showing her white panties which now had a little wetspot in the gusset.

Professor Umbridge sat in a chair and pulled Cho closer to her so she could pull down the girl’s panties to get a look when she noticed the wet spot in the girl’s gusset.

“You’re already wet,” Professor Umbridge whispered to her. “Did you know you peed your pants already?”

Cho looked down at her panties and then up at the professor with wide teary eyes. “It’s just a little dribble, please, I have to go, like now!”

“You are already wet, young lady,” the woman said. She pulled the panties out some to get a look at the bladder area of the girl’s tummy and then let it snap back into place. She reached down and pulled up the girl’s skirt.

“You are already wet, so go continue writing your lines.”

“Please, it’s not that bad yet, ma’am. I need to go before I make pee pee on the floor!”

Umbridge laughed. “Listen to you! You sound like a baby!”

“What do you mean?” Cho asked not understanding what the teacher was getting at. “I have to go now.”

“As I said, you are already wet, so it makes no difference. Sit down and write unless you want another evening of detention.”

Cho, letting the tears fall down her face again, wobbled to her chair and sat down. She started to write while the cruel woman sat there watching her, and slowly, she first darkened her panties a bit more, then she moistened and then wet her skirt some, and then the chair grew a puddle and finally the water between her legs started to squirt enough to get a puddle started with a river that flowed down her legs and off of the chair as she wrote.

By the end of detention, Cho was soaked and she sat there, the five hundred lines finished. Her bladder ached not only from trying to hold it too long, but from the soreness of feeling like she had peeled off new skin around it exposing it. The lines in her back felt as though someone had taken a razor and scratched the words again and again into her back until it reached the bone.

Professor Umbridge walked upon her as the girl had stopped writing, and she picked up the paper. She looked through it to make sure the girl had not cheated all the while, Cho just sat there in her puddle waiting for the teacher to dismiss her.

Professor Umbridge then picked up both of their wands from her desk.

“So, a sixth year, and you cannot even wait until your detention is over to use the bathroom, is that right Cho?”

Cho looked at her waiting for the punishment to come.

“You said I was already wet,” she squeaked back at the teacher.

“Yes, you were, weren’t you? I just thought if I brought it to your attention, you would control it, but it seems I was wrong. Just like a baby, you just gave up and wet your panties.”

Cho’s face was on fire.

“Well, there isn’t much more I can do about it, Cho. Just go to your room and change your clothes.”

Cho was glad to be out of the wicked woman’s presence, and she hoped she could just spell herself clean before anyone saw what had happened. She didn’t remember why she knew the spell, but now, she did know it.

Stepping outside of the office and walking a few steps, she pointed her wand at her clothes, but when she said the incantation, rather than getting clean as she had expected, she actually caused her skirt to fly up so that her wet panties were flashing in the hall.

Cho immediately dropped her wand in an attempted to pull her skirt down over her thighs. What is wrong with the spell? It had worked one other time, when she needed it. Someone had either messed with her wand or… yes, of course Umbridge wanted to embarrass her thoroughly, and she had done something to her wand.

Even more angry, Cho marched through the halls, staring straight but seeing nothing until she was in her room. There was no doubt every younger student and every boy had seen her skirt still dripping pee off of her, and most of her house saw it as she climbed through the common room down stairs. But now, she was safely in her room where her four roommates would at least not say too much about it.

“I’m sorry,” Marietta whispered as she saw Cho come in. “I really wanted to say something, but I’d be in so much trouble.”

“I know,” Cho pushed down her skirt in front of the other four girls revealing her yellowing white panties. “I swear, if I ever get a chance to pay that Umbridge woman back, I’m going to do it, even if I have to align myself with someone like Malfoy to do it.”

“Why didn’t you spell yourself clean so no one would see?” Alice asked. “I taught you that spell for a reason!”

“I know. I wanted to, but my wand just caused my skirt to fly up when I tried it. I had to pull my skirt back down quickly before any boys came up on me and saw my panties.”

“Wow! But that spell is real,” Alice looked down. “Look, I’ll use it on your bed sheets.”

Alice aimed her wand at Cho’s blankets, and they magically began to take on a softer appearance as well as smelling of pine. The center of her bed was as dry and clean as if the bed were brand new.

“I never doubted your magic,” Cho looked Alice in the eye. “Umbridge had something to do with it, I’m very sure. She had my wand for a while when she left me in her office by myself for a while.”

“That woman really is as bad as a Death Eater,” Brenda said. “I bet she caused you to wet your pants, too?”

Cho sighed and showed the girls the marking around her stomach and her back from the writing.

“I think it goes all the way into my body. I don’t think it’s just on the surface,” Cho hung her head. “I’m telling you, I should have been able to hold it, but because of the burning every time I wrote, it got too hard to hold it.”

“Do you think Dumbledore or McGonaggal can fix it?”

“No,” Cho responded in a whisper. “The woman has everyone on pins and needles. Did you know that Umbridge is our head of house now because she didn’t like the way Sprout ran us?”

“You’re lying!” one of the other girls said.

“Am I? Professor Snape took me to see Umbridge, and he did say he was taking me to see my head of house, didn’t he, Marietta.”

Marietta nodded.

“I told you Professor Snape is cruel,” Marietta said as she sat next to Cho, Cho now trying to pull on some clean pink panties.

“Wait,” Alice told Cho. “Professor McGonaggal told me that you have wear these at night, and she pulled out a box of Goodnights from under Cho’s bed. “Cho has a lot of stress,” she told her other roommates. “Professor McGonaggal is counting on us to keep this a secret just in our room. No one makes fun of her, no one tells anyone that she is in diapers at night.”

The girls all nodded.

“Just put one on,” Brenda said in a low voice. “We really won’t care.”

Marietta took one of the diapers, and she peeled her own panties off. “I’ll wear them with you if you want.”

Cho smiled at Marietta. Of course she would. She was a very good friend, as long as she didn’t have to get in trouble with her parents over something. Cho wondered if her parents were as bad as Umbridge by the way she seemed to be scared of disappointing them.

Alice smiled. “Good idea. I will do it too.”

Soon, the whole room were in Good Nights.”

“I’m okay, from tomorrow if you don’t wear these with me,” Cho told everyone. “Professor McGonaggal said it’s not my fault, and she just wants to keep the bed dry under me. I don’t want anyone to feel they have to wear diapers just because of me.”

The other girls smiled.

“Well, it does make things easier for Alice,” Brenda remarked.

“What do you mean?”

“Didn’t you realize that Alice has wet the bed off and on since our first year?”

“I didn’t even come to this school until my third year.”

“Yeah, but even then, this is your third year with her as a roommate. You never noticed?”

“No,” Cho nodded thinking that it was strange that everyone else did. “Why would I assume that someone my age is wetting her pants or the bed if she hides it?”

Brenda grinned from Alice to Marietta. Of course Cho would be too sweet to think that anyone else could possibly do something that embarrassing.

The girls all crawled into bed, every one of them in diapers.

*009*2012-06-22 13:09

{{:

I really like this story! It's well written and very interesting. The only problem I saw was that Professor sprout was the hufflepuff head of house. Flitwick was the head of house for Ravenclaw, not that it matters much with umbridge though:P

}}

Thank you very much. I did forget some little details as I don't often go back to review details lately. Thank you for your correction, but for now, it was not that important, though I will have this reference for future reference if I need to remember who was the other head of house. So thank you.

Expecto Patronum

Harry had the group once again crowded around him as he talked to them about one of the hardest spells he had yet learned. It was fifth meeting since they had accepted Harry as their professor, and not one of them mocked him any longer. The older students actually listened as Harry showed them how to improve in Defense Against the Dark Arts.

“You have to understand, that for this spell to work properly,” Harry was telling the room full of wide eyed students. “You must concentrate with all of your might and soul, and you have to use an emotion that will not allow the sadness and loneliness of the Dementor to consume. You must focus your energy into something that is so beautiful, so full of life, and so bright, that the darkness cannot prevail.”

The others watched as Harry flicked his wand and produced a white stag from the tip of his wand.

“In a room like this with bright lights and joyous people around you, you should no doubt find it to be much easier to produce and with much more power. In the face of a real dementor, however, you will be fighting for your life with feelings of self-doubt, feelings of fear, and feelings of loneliness looming before you. You cannot hope to repel such a creature, if you do not do it within the first few moments of seeing it.”

“You really know your stuff,” a dreamy eyed blond girl said as she sat near the front.

Cho rolled her eyes. Of course Harry knew his stuff. He had been fighting the man that they couldn’t name and his demons since he started Hogwarts, and he certain couldn’t have done it all on luck. With someone as powerful as this wizard, luck could only take you so far.

Cho started to feel a pang in her lower abdomen as Harry continued with the lesson, but she squeezed her legs together and ignored it in favor of listening to her favorite teacher.

“Now, I want everyone to think of something happy and powerful, and I want you to hold on to that memory for several minutes,” Harry instructed.

Cho thought about last year, the moment that Harry had asked her to the dance. She didn’t know why she thought of Harry rather than Cedric, and this made her feel a little guilty, but as she tried to cast around for how Cedric had made her feel, Harry was starting to make his way down the groups of people and showing them how to produce the effect.

Cho was panicking. She didn’t want to fail this. Somehow, she felt like Harry would like her more if she were able to pull this off, and then it hit her. Of course that’s why she had chosen when Harry had asked her. She wanted to impress him, but why would it matter if it were Cedric or Harry? She demanded of herself.

Still, Cho could not get Harry’s nervousness out of her mind as she thought about the boy standing there, looking into her beautiful sparkling eyes, and stumbling over the words to invite her to the Triwizard Ball. Why did she think of Harry? Why not the way Cedric, so confident and so poised to bend on a knee as if she were a queen? Why not the way Cedric had showed her off to everyone and told everyone how important she was? Why did she think that Harry made her happier than Cedric?

Harry was walking closer and closer to her group as she came through the crowd.

Cho hung her head as she apologized to Cedric. “I’m sorry, Cedric. I really did think you made me happier than anyone else ever, but some reason, Harry is tugging at my heart much more than you are. I don’t mean to make you second, but….”

Cho could feel her eyes filling with tears as her stomach was also starting to fill a bit full.

Harry came upon Cho, and he noticed that though her patronus had a shape, she was looking a little sad. He wondered if she was going to start crying again, and he tried to walk away from her so that she wouldn’t have to embarrass herself in front of him. Or maybe he walked away because he was a little uncomfortable with her crying. Whatever the reason, the only thing Cho really saw, was that Harry had seen her patronus and then walked off to help someone else.

She sat down, and while her patronus dissipated into nothing, she put her head between her knees so she wouldn’t have to see anyone and she started to think about how Cedric had been towards her. He had made her feel so special, and he always complimented her on her ability to speak in the English language. He never suffered that anyone else would say anything mean to her, and yet she paid him back by thinking Harry made her happier!

Some of the other students started to gather around Cho. She didn’t care. They could all laugh at her if they wanted to, but she couldn’t help feeling that she was being weird by liking Harry so much that his memory makes her patronus solid.

“Cho,” Marietta whispered to her as she squatted by her. “The others are staring. Let’s go to the bathroom, okay?”

Cho shook her head. “I can’t miss this class! It’s… it’s important.”

Harry sighed and came over to talk to Cho while the others, despite what Marietta thought, continued to practice.

“Cho? Your patronus was good,” he encouraged her. “Please don’t cry….”

“I’m sorry, Harry,” she said through her hands. “It’s just… just…” and she started to cry again.

Sighing, Harry saw that it was about time to get everyone out anyway because he didn’t want anyone to be caught in the halls after hours because by now, the whole club knew that they were already breaking one rule by even meeting.

Harry, then sat down by Cho.

“I’m sorry,” Cho wrapped her arms around Harry’s neck. “I just… I just miss Cedric so much, and then I… I…” she continued to cry and never really got out why she was crying.

Harry patted her back as if he felt uncomfortable doing it, but as if he maybe had to. He probably thought it was strange that an older student was crying, and he was the one comforting her, instead of the other way around, but Cho couldn’t help it, and she hoped he would understand though she couldn’t say why she was crying.

“I know,” he whispered having been coaxed by Hermoine before. “I know. It’s hard to lose someone that you care about. It’s okay.”

Cho looked up at him with her eyes sparkling, and she actually smiled. She didn’t expect those words from him. It was true, he must have lost a lot more than she did, especially since he had lost the chance to even know his parents, but here he was trying to help her feel better.

“Harry? I thought about the day you asked me, you know….” She looked at him whispering through a sniffle. “Remember last year, when I had already promised Cedric? Well, I really had hoped you’d ask, but since you didn’t at first, I thought you wanted to go with Hermoine, so I accepted Cedric’s proposal, and then we just started to see each other.”

“Really?” Harry asked taken aback. “I was just so nervous,” his face burned a little red.

“Listen, thank you for talking to me. We better get to our rooms before Umbridge or someone that is spying for her sees us.”

“Yeah.”

They hugged and kissed, and then after checking the map, Cho ran off towards her room getting in about two minutes after curfew. Luckily, her door was only concerned about whether she answered the question correctly than what time it was.

“There were two lines and words that were written not on the lines, not under the lines, and nor to either side of them. The place where the words were written, were also the directions that were given by these words. What did the words say?”

Cho had to think for a bit on that.

‘There were two lines,’ she whispered to herself as she felt the slight pressure of her body telling her bladder to wait a bit longer. ‘The words that were written were not on the lines,’ she whispered to herself….

The Ravenclaw guardian stood as still as ever waiting patiently for an answer. Cho sat down and pulled through her bag she had with her until she came across some parchment and a quill. She started to draw the two lines.

‘The words were not above the lines…’

‘The words were not under the lines…’

Cho then realized that it said nothing about putting the words in the middle of the lines.

‘In the middle of the lines… between the lines…’

Her bladder was making her swing her bottom in the air as she hovered over the parchment thinking. She was quickly getting to the point where she might lose the battle, and she had to get in the door quickly before….

Cho suddenly felt a little damp between her legs as she felt a thin stream slip down the small passage from her bladder to her panties. She glared at the paper while clamping hard on her knees.

“Oh,” she realized. She stood up carefully to get her things together while trying to keep control of her floods, and she looked up at the door. When she started to speak, she didn’t say the answer, but actually cried out a little squeak! ‘ah’… ‘ah’… ‘ah!’ she stood there for a moment, and then the waters just started pouring down to the floor, but the guardian did nothing. It was oblivious to Cho’s predicament as it waited for the answer.

Cho felt her face heating up as she tried to push her hands into her growing to stop the waters, but they wouldn’t wait any longer. Soon, a warm glistening puddle tinted yellow rippled at her feet and her skirt was showing a giant wet spot on the back of it.

Cho sighed and parted her legs to finish letting go, then she looked up at the thing a bit of anger in her voice.

“Read between the lines!”

“Correct.”

Once Cho was in, she hoped to slip away and upstairs before too many people notice, however, Marietta was sitting there watching the door with tears in her eyes. She saw Cho come in, and she immediately stood up.

Marietta walked towards her and putting a hand on her hips, she nodded her head towards a private corner in the room.

“Cho, going to those meetings is dangerous. Malfoy and a bunch of Slythern boys along with a few others in other houses were wearing these new badges, and he gave me this!”

“Dear student of this paper:

If you have received this paper from my inquisition squad, you are to report to Professor Umbridge within twenty four hours or you will be tracked down and face a harsh detention.”

“Why did he give this to you?”

“He said I was running in the halls and smirked about it.”

“It can’t be real,” Cho whispered.

“I’m not taking the chance. If I go see her, and it is a joke, she’ll just be surprised, but if it’s real, at least I won’t be in worse trouble.”

“If he caught you running,” Cho thought for a minute. “Then that means he was out past curfew, too. Surely, Umbridge wouldn’t let one student break the rules and not another. It has to be a trick.”

“We’ll see tomorrow. Either way, I am a little nervous about going back to another meeting until we find out whether or not Malfoy really is on this inquisition squad. I mean, in a way, isn’t she undermining the school discipline system?”

“Yeah, it would be if she really has it. If you need to skip, I’ll make your excuses for you.”

“Are you sure? I really just don’t want my parents to find out I’m doing anything against the teachers. They will not be happy at all.”

“I understand.”

Then Marietta noticed Cho’s pants. She pointed.

Cho blushed. “Yeah, it happened while I was trying to get in the door. I didn’t chance going to the bathroom on the way because I didn’t know how long Professor Snape would be busy with Peeves.”

“He was nearby the room we use?”

“Yeah, but apparently, Peeves had cause quite a stir, so I had to slip out as fast as I could to avoid being caught. Sometimes, we really should thank that poltergeist. His diversions sometimes are quite good when we need them.”

Marietta looked at her in shock. “Cho!”

“Well, he is.”

They both laughed and Cho stood to go to her room. That’s when one of the others noticed her from across the room. The boy smirked as he looked at her butt, and Cho blushed knowing that he was looking at her on purpose.

“It was an accident, okay?” she demanded with a hand on her hip. “Just let it go.”

The boy smiled and walked off towards the boys’ hall.

*010*2012-07-02 15:20

A couple of days later, Marietta was a little nervous, and seemed to be avoiding Cho. She got up before Cho in the mornings, and she always left the table when Cho came in. She had the distinct impression that something really horrible had happened, but would not confront Cho about.

Cho sighed. What was it that was going on with Marietta these days? That girl could really be a mystery even to other girls, and that was really saying something. Maybe she was feeling guilt for no reason at all, but the only way Cho could find out, is if she could corner her to talk.

This strange behavior had caused her to not be paying attention in one of Professor Umbridge’s classes. Of course, she wondered what she need to pay attention to. Umbridge’s words were always ‘wands away and books out,’ so it shouldn’t have been a problem, but somehow the old bat was aware that she wasn’t really reading.

“Is something stirring you up, Miss Chang?”

“No ma’am,” she stammered not wanting any detentions from this cruel woman.

“Are you quite certain? If you know something, you better tell me, or you will be in detention for lying to your professor.”

“I don’t know anything,” she said darkly to the woman. The only thing she knew about were the DADA meetings, and there was no way that that woman could know about those, was there? She certainly hoped not, but she could see her friend’s head lowering and a couple of stubborn pimples that had never been there before.

“I don’t know anything,” Cho re-affirmed starting to get nervous about her friend’s strange appearance. It was still quite light, but there was definitely something strange about these spots on her face as she looked even closer.

That was when Cho and Marietta both felt their coins glowing in their pockets. Cho would check the time later, but something was strange about the way Marietta kept rubbing her pocket and her legs were shaking while her head sweated as she looked up towards the professor that was teaching.

The professor seemed to notice something about Marietta, also, and she walked over to talk to the girl.

“Outside,” she said sweetly. “I want to talk to you about something.”

Marietta nodded sadly. There was something definitely wrong, and as Cho looked more carefully at her friend’s face, she could see more spots coming in which were making some kind of pattern more and more apparent, but as Marietta had been taken outside, she now could not see what that pattern was.

Cho felt her own face, and she could feel nothing wrong with it. She looked around at her classmates, and no one else had any pimples or strange marks. Had Umbridge done something just to Marietta? Why was she talking to her in private during a lesson? Something was very strange, and Cho wanted to get to the bottom of it as soon as possible.

She looked to the door, tempted to stand up and go out into the hall to see if the teacher was talking just outside the door, but she knew better. If the teacher was there, she would definitely have more detention that evening.

The bell had released the students, and all of them sat there for a minute or two just to be sure that Umbridge was not coming back in, but as it was, they were safe. Now, she headed to the dining hall intent on getting something to eat before the meeting.

Something in her stomach told her that something was way off about Marietta. She was still not at dinner, and when she checked around, she really couldn’t locate her, and assumed there was only one place she could be… in detention. But she hadn’t seen Marietta doing anything.

(Back up to Marietta being taken out of class):

“Come with me,” the large woman said with a cheerful smile that bode ill. “You know you are in trouble, but I know how you can fix it so you will not have to suffer another writing punishment.”

They walked away from class though there was still thirty minutes left, and she had Marietta sit across from her.

“So, do you know what this vial of ink will do if you don’t give me the information I seek?” she asked the nervous girl.

Marietta shook her head.

“When was the last time it hurt from needing to use the bathroom? This will not only make it hurt now, but until it heals in time, so that you can remember that you are not to lie and to hold back information to your teachers which can be dangerous to the school.”

Marietta sighed.

“Not only that, but I will be in contact with your mom. What do you think your mom will say or do when she finds out you were aiding dark wizards?”

Marietta’s eyes widened. “Would this woman tell her mom that? It would kill her!”

“Please, what do you want to know?” she asked the woman.

“I know that your friend, Cho Chang is in contact with certain students in a way that is against the rules, and I’m quite sure you are also involved. What I want to know, is when she is meeting him again and where.”

Marietta could feel her face actually stinging a bit and feeling funny as magic was working on it. She had already let the information slip about the meetings to one of the inquisition squad, when they were bullying her. They were so excited by the news that they had let her go.

“I… I only said that to get rid of the pests,” she thought about how the teacher must have found out. “It was a lie.”

“Oh? Then I guess we use the writing ink anyway for you to learn not to tell lies, then,” she grinned. “Believe me, you are going to want to tell me before you are done, and if you give in and tell me, I will not make you do all two thousand lines, but as long as you maintain that you lied about telling us of Harry Potter’s illegal meetings, then you can write.”

Marietta sat down getting ready to work. How bad could it really be? She had already seen the effects of a few people doing the detentions, and if they would put up with it….

Thirty minutes later, her butt was so sore it felt like it was on fire, not on the buttocks, but inside the opening where the junk is meant to come out. What was more, she was starting to feel like she wanted to go, and she could tell that when it did come out, it was going to burn.

The teacher came upon her desk finding only forty sentences done.

“Would you like to tell me anything?”

“Yeah,” Marietta said. “I want to be excused to use the toilet.”

“You can do that when you are finished with either telling me the truth, or writing your lines.”

“But I really have to go!”

“Then tell me the truth!”

Marietta turned her head away. She was not going to tell on Cho. She was not! She had already caused enough trouble letting the Slytherns know that they were meeting.

Marietta crossed her legs harder trying not to pee her white cotton knickers and her shorts under her school robes. She really had to use the bathroom, and it wasn’t just the pee either. Her bottom felt like she had rich thick hot diarrhea waiting to come out by the way her bottom was burning. If she didn’t go soon, she wasn’t sure she would only wet.

She tried to write one more line, and then realizing that if she finished the line, which would hurt her butt so much that it would be difficult to control it, she would not be able to keep it from coming out….

(Meanwhile):

The D.A. had met once again in their special meeting place, well early enough that no one should be noticed as missing for quite some time.

Harry walked among the members again, pausing from time to time at Cho as before. She was so cute with that black hair of hers, and it seemed she was making so many mistakes today, that it gave him good excuse to especially help her out. He soon realize that he was spending so much time with her, that he appointed Hermoine and surprisingly, Neville to guide the other students with the current spell they were practicing.

“What’s wrong, Cho?” he whispered as he felt her hand shaking with nerves, obviously something that was causing a part of her problems.

“I can’t put my finger on it,” she looked up at him in the eyes. “But something is wrong with Marietta.”

“Yeah, that’s who’s missing. Do you know where she is?”

Cho nodded.

“Well?”

“She’s with,” and that’s when the twins broke into the room calling out, everyone get out now! Their on to us, and coming this very second!”

Screams filled the room as people rushed to try to get out of the room. Cho’s stomach felt even worse as she realized that only Marietta could have given them away. She felt her bottom burning with terror and her heart heavy with the betrayal of her best friend. Still, for now, there was only one thing she could do, and that was to run.

The scattering students filled the corridors, and several students yelled as they shot beams of light at the inquisition squad and as some of them were hit with beams of light. Cho was struck in the mid back, and as she was, she slumped to the floor next to Harry.

(Back in the office):

Marietta’s face was now taking on an ugly mesh of freckles and pimples that spelled out SNITCH across her forehead. She had started to stand up to use the toilet when she saw the words appear on her face, and also felt the sudden gush of solid body waste pushing through that tiny tunnel and out into the dark compressed structure of white cloth. She filled her panties right there, even as the teacher tried to comfort her, and to try to get her to give a complete list of names.

Hermoine was pretty gifted, it appeared, and not only had her magic caused these words to appear, but it was either the pen, or Hermoine had added for extra measure, an extra dose of humiliation as the girl could no longer control her waste that expelled itself into the tight confines of her panties.
