In the Beginning

Author: drummerdevil

*000*2017-03-20 23:07

Chapter 1

Vasilisa had always been a tall girl, with long blond hair and blue eyes. She was always one of the smartest girls in her class, and I had had a crush on her for as long as she had been in the class. Now, she’s my wife, and I’m telling some stories she’s told me since we now share the same fetish.

Vasilisa was visiting the beach with her friends. The plan was to meet up at Vasi’s house and then drive in her minivan to the beach, about an hour and a half away. They were all in second grade.

Vasi woke up early that morning, ready for a long day. She raced to the bathroom (she always woke up desperate) and yanked down her panties. What she had forgotten, however, was that the toilet seat lid was still down. She ended up peeing all over the toilet seat, and eventually the whole floor of the bathroom.

When she finished, she looked at the damage, scared and crying a little. The whole floor was covered in her pee. She decided to try and mop it up with the towels that were already yellow. Eventually, when she thought she had done a good enough job, she left to go get changed.

When she reached her dresser, she pulled out her brand new Duke blue bikini, her very first that her parents had just let her get three days ago after more begging than she had ever begged in her life. She put on a short dress over it (she loved dresses) and went downstairs to go eat breakfast. She had bacon (because, really, what is breakfast without bacon?) and a tall glass of milk (“you have to grow up with strong bones, Vasilisa” her mother always said).

She went to stare out the window and wait for her friends to come. Maxine arrived first, wearing just her one-piece bathing suit. Maxine was a shorter kid, with black hair and brown eyes. Next, Caroline and Rebecca arrived, both wearing green bikinis underneath short shorts and tank tops. They always liked to coordinate their outfits. Finally, Quinn, the loudest and most boisterous of the group, arrived, wearing nothing but her bikini covered in flowers.

Chattering excitedly about what the day was going to hold, the girls climbed into the car. They talked about how awful their teachers were, and who liked what boy, and what boy liked them. You know, typical second grade stuff. It was about an hour and a half of driving.

It started out relatively normal. They stopped once at a gas station to stretch, and a couple of them (it is not remembered which) got drinks. Then, they climbed back in the car, each having declined the restroom because they didn’t feel a need to go.

As they started getting closer, however, Quinn started squirming around. She denied having to pee, saying she was just a little hyper. Everyone else believed her, she was always rather, um, energetic, shall we say?

Anyway, when they were about twenty minutes out, they turned down a crowded dirt road and came to a stop. There was some wicked traffic. At that exact moment, Quinn, staring down at her phone, said “Okay, I was kidding. I really need to pee.” She looked up and groaned. “Shoot, is this going to be a while?”

“Sure looks like it. There’s always awful Saturday traffic here.” Vasi’s mom replied.

Quinn groaned. “I really don’t think I can hold it!” She now had a hand permanently in her crotch and was jumping around. “Can I go outside and pee on the ground?”

“No, sweetie, there’s too many people here.”

“What am I going to do? I can’t hoooold it!” She screamed.

“Okay… umm…”

“HURRY!”

“Just sit on your towel and you can pee yourself.”

Quinn, not going to debate the method at this point, stuffed the towel underneath herself. Immediately, her pee started gushing out, soaking through her bathing suit in an instant. Fortunately for the car, while the towel wasn’t placed in a good spot, the bladder of a second grader just doesn’t hold that much, so while it gushed out, it stopped remarkably quickly.

Quinn was almost in tears, but whether they were of pain or relief, no one could tell. Her bikini was almost transparent (she hadn’t bought a very good bikini) and it was obvious something had happened. On the other hand, she felt relief like she had never felt before, and so she was fairly happy.

Either way, the girls were looking forward to a long and eventually quite eventful day.

*002*2017-03-21 23:39

Thanks! Support always helps, as I'm sure you know.

*004*2017-03-23 21:42

Chapter 2

“Thanks for the ride, Mrs. L,” the girls all chimed.

“Sorry about the car.” Quinn added.

“It’s okay. I don’t really think you damaged my seat. Y’all can run along to the beach, I’ll catch up. Wait, no, never mind… aaaaaa!” She screamed at the end because she had forgotten that they were still second graders, and they hadn’t heard her pleas for them to wait, having bolted at the first opportunity.

“Last one in is a rotten egg!” Caroline screamed, and, giggling gleefully, the girls ran down to the beach and jumped straight in.

They had fun that day. For hours, they messed around in the waves, diving in some and bobbing in others. There was just one issue they all noticed as the day went on: none of them had used the bathroom, and worse: none of them were willing to ask, because they didn’t want to bring back up Quinn’s accident.

So they just played on. And hid their true feelings about how badly they all needed to pee.

Eventually, though, it had to come to an end.

They were building a sand castle. They were all very good at building, so it was a remarkably sized sand castle.

“You know what this needs? A moat.” Quinn exclaimed.

The others agreed halfheartedly, knowing that anything that had to do with water put an unbelievable amount of stress on their tiny children’s bladders. They still weren’t willing to bring up Quinn’s accident, so Rebecca and Caroline ran to go get water.

While at the ocean, squatting to collect water, Rebecca was debating whether or not to admit to Caroline her need to pee. She decided Caroline might decide she was just being mean about Quinn’s accident, so she shut her mouth and kept collecting water.

The problem was, one of the waves came in higher than the rest, and got her feet thoroughly soaked. She gasped, feeling a spurt come out. She wanted to hold herself, but was still too scared for fear that her friends might think she was making fun of Quinn. So she bore it.

Eventually, they filled their buckets and ran back. The sight that greeted them when they came back was Maxine grabbing herself, moaning “I can’t hold it.”

Immediately, the other girls chimed in, saying “neither can I!” Relieved, they all grabbed themselves. Finally, Vasilisa suggested, “Hey, why don’t we have a holding contest? Winner gets to pee on the loser.”

The others thought this was a great idea. They all agreed, but did not move their hands. They all knew it would be a short holding contest. They just didn’t know how short.

Maxine quickly answered that question. Just minutes into it, she just gave up, yanked the part of her bathing suit covering her crotch aside, and started peeing into the moat. The others started laughing, causing Caroline to have to do the same thing. This just made them laugh all the harder, which caused an accident in Rebecca.

Man, that’s a sight I’m sorry I missed, although I’m kind of glad I missed it because they were so young. Still, three girls, bathing suits either down or aside, peeing into the moat of a sand castle, laughing and falling over and getting soaked in their own pee. Finally, with all the girls fully drenched, it finally came to an end.

Vasi was now holding herself and moaning. “Quick, Maxine, lie down.” Maxine reluctantly complied. Vasilisa tried to yank her bikini bottoms down, but could not succeed without removing her hand from her crotch, which would have caused her to pee.

Eventually, she just gave up on holding it and just peed herself, sitting on top of Maxine, getting both of them even more soaked. At this point, all the girls were giggling uncontrollably, and soaked to the bone.

They all immediately ran to the water, moving as fast as they could to cover up the damage of what had been done. You can tell already, however, that this summer break was going to be an interesting one.

*006*2017-03-25 00:01

Thank you!

*008*2017-04-12 17:49

Chapter 3

Now, allow us to return to Vasi’s mom. While the girls had been playing around, Vasi’s mom had been desperately trying to find them. And when I say, desperately, I do mean desperately.

First, allow me to describe her. She was still in her early thirties, and very attractive, as she tells it. She was wearing a short pink dress with a yellow bikini under it. She had long brown hair and pale blue eyes. She was on the tall side. My mind is blanking on more ways to describe her. Bear with me on this. Just know she was attractive.

Anyway, after making the “stupidest mistake of her life” (as she would later describe it) she parked the car as quickly as possible. She bolted out of it, running in the direction she thought the girls had gone.

In reality though, she was running in completely the wrong direction and she had no idea.

Now, I don’t know if you guys have ever gone running at the beach. Have you? It’s good for three reasons. One, it gets you a better workout than running in your everyday neighborhood. Two, you can jump in the ocean after you’re done running to cool off. And three, it’s a great time to look at people who think they get away with wetting themselves.

Now, Vasi’s mom (We’ll call her Anna because I’m too lazy to write Vasi’s mom the whole time) was actually thinking about all of these things. Ever since she was, oh, about Vasilisa’s age, she had been into wetting. It had actually started with a day at the beach, when she had been there with her friends and they had dared each other to pee before going into the water. They had sat there on the sand and wet themselves, giggling like madmen and looking around, before jumping in the water.

It was actually that day when she had met her now husband. After her friends had gone up to the car, but she was lagging back claiming she had to “pack her bag” when all she wanted to do was pee one more time. Anyway, she had been walking when she saw a boy about her age who went to her school.

Anna had paused while she looked at him. He was somewhat attractive, very shy, and she was sure he had a crush on her. As she stood far enough back that he wouldn’t recognize her, but close enough that she could watch him, she noticed something. He was holding himself.

Suddenly, she noticed a dark patch starting to spread underneath him. He started to cry. Now, while Anna thought it was kind of weird that he always stared at her, she was a nice person at heart. So she went up to him and comforted him. And how, you ask, did she comfort him? By wetting herself in sympathy.

They chatted for a little, exchanged numbers, promised to meet up sometime, and then Anna had to run and catch up with her friends. You guys can imagine the rest, or maybe you want me to tell that story? I don’t know. Y’all tell me.

Anyway, getting back to the present, we continue to talk about just how easy it is to spot people peeing themselves at the beach. As she ran (in the wrong direction, remember) she spotted a group of three little kids wetting themselves together, a mother peeing with her daughter, and a couple peeing all over each other before starting to have sex. (She turned away quickly at that one, grinning, remembering her own experience like that.)

Now, we come to the second thing about running at a beach. Being able to jump in the water at the end. At this point, that was all Anna could think about, and she doubled her pace trying to find her kids. Remember, she still had no idea she was running in the wrong direction.

And that brings us to the last thing. It’s a heck of a workout. Before long, she was incredibly thirsty. She stopped quickly at a store to grab a giant Gatorade, chugged it, and then ran on, deciding she would run that same direction for a couple of minutes before going the other direction.

Eventually, she decided there was no way the girls could possibly have gone that far, and she turned around. As she stopped to catch her breath, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. Grinning, a plan began to form in her mind. She turned around and ran in the other direction.

She had been running in that direction for about twenty minutes when she heard someone scream “SHARK!” Anna started freaking out. She saw a fin, and just stopped and stared. She felt something bump into her leg.

She screamed and released a squirt of pee. Fortunately, she was able to control it. She looked down and saw the five girls, shaking out of fear. She thought she smelled pee, but she assumed it was either left over from Quinn’s accident or one of the girls had wet themselves in fear. Either way, she thought nothing of it.

Eventually, as they were about to leave, they turned to look one last time at the water. And do you know what they saw?

They saw a lifeguard hauling off a kid with a shark’s fin strapped to his back.

An announcement was made about there having been no shark, and after a quick, one-sided discussion, all the girls climbed right back into the water.

Anna’s bladder was starting to hurt her, but she paid it no heed.

Eventually, after about half an hour, it was really getting dark, so they had to get out and drive back home for a sleepover at Vasi’s house. None of them really wanted to put their clothes back on, so they all drove home in their bathing suits.

About halfway home, Quinn said “Can we stop? I really don’t want to mess up your car any more than it already is.”

“Sure. Help me look for a place to stop.”

Eventually, they found a 7/11 where they could stop and use the bathroom. As they all rushed to the bathroom, Anna noticed a problem.

There were five stalls and six of them

Of course, as the adult, she would have to hold it while the others went. The problem was, she was already bursting. Thinking quickly, she spotted a floor drain. She quickly waddled over to it, yanked her bikini to the side, and peed forcefully, hoping to finish before the girls came out. And she did it by the skin of her teeth, pulling her bikini back into place with seconds to spare.

Needing to keep up appearances, she bolted into the stall and closed the door. She sat there for a couple of minutes, then opened the door to find a tear-stricken Caroline. Wondering briefly what the problem was, she noticed quickly her damp crotch.

“Don’t worry, you can sit on your towel and we can wash your bikini at our house.” To console her, she bought her a giant slushy, then had to buy one for all the other girls because they would have complained if she hadn’t. Then, all the girls with their 64 ounce slushies climbed into the car for an, um, eventful sleepover.

*010*2017-04-14 15:45

So here's my question for y'all. Am I writing this for just one person?

*013*2017-05-02 20:36

Chapter 4

(Quick debriefing: the girls all had a lot of milk at dinner, and then split a couple bottles of mountain dew so they could stay awake. They are now camping in the backyard.)

“Truth or dare, Vasi?” Quinn asked. Quinn was lying naked in her sleeping bag, in her opinion the only comfortable way to sleep.

“Dare.” Vasi replied, down to her underwear.

“Shoot, I was expecting you to say truth. Ok. Umm… help me out here girls.”

“Just dare her to answer your next question truthfully.” Maxine called out from her sleeping bag, in which she was wearing full pajamas and was roasting.

“Good idea. Not sure why I didn’t think of that. Alright, Vasi, I dare you to answer my next question truthfully.”

“Ugh. Fine.”

“Why did you suggest a holding contest?”

“Um… I don’t know. It just kind of struck me in the moment, you know, as something that could be done? Since we already had the perfect setup. And it was fun, wasn’t it?”

“Oh, very.” Caroline chimed in from across the yard.

“Hey, does anyone want to do it again?” Asked Rebecca tentatively.

Now, of course, no one was willing to admit how fun it had been. So they all just kind of stayed quiet, long enough for Rebecca to start feeling awkward. Then, finally, Quinn said “sure, why not?”

The others, now that their path had been cleared for them, agreed to join them. First, they had to come up with some rules.

“So, do we want to do it with clothes on or without?” Vasi asked. “It’s an easier cleanup without, but we have more options available with.”

“Options such as what?” Maxine asked.

“Going out into the neighborhood to play hide and seek or tag or something.”

“I vote with then.” Quinn said, standing up and stretching. “After all, it is still sort of light out, and I would love to play hide and seek.”

“I vote without.” Maxine said. “I only have one change of clothes, and I don’t really want to get my pajamas wet. It’s too hard to clean them.”

“I vote with Quinn on this one. I feel like some hide and seek.” Caroline said.

“Me, too.” Said Rebecca.

“All right, I guess it looks like we’re doing some hide and seek. I’ll go sneak inside and grab some Gatorade so we’ll have to go faster.”

And she did, not realizing that the Gatorade had been tampered with by her father so it had a diuretic in it. All the girls chugged back a giant Gatorade, then Quinn put on some clothes.

“All right. 1…2…3… NOT IT!”

“NOT IT!”

“Maxine’s it!” Caroline called. “All right, let’s use the whole neighborhood. Maxine, count to a thousand and then come after it.” And, giggling gleefully, the girls ran off into the night.

*015*2017-05-09 23:37

Chapter 5

Maxine sighed as she sat in the yard, timing on her watch five minutes rather than counting. She was not looking forward to this game. She really didn’t want to get her clothes wet. She had loved wetting herself earlier. It had felt strange but good. But getting her clothes wet, while she barely had anything to change into? Now that was a recipe for disaster.

Nevertheless, she had to deal with it. As she shifted sitting, she heard a crinkling sound. She wondered what it was for a second. Then she realized. It was the diaper she was wearing because of her nocturnal incontinence problems. In short, bedwetting problems. She realized she had to get out of it or the girls were going to see her pee but not see any pee. She didn’t want them to think she was a baby.

She didn’t want to change outside, so she snuck some panties into her back pocket and went inside to “use the bathroom.” She went inside. She headed towards the bathroom, trying not to be seen. They weren’t supposed to be up at this hour.

As she snuck towards the bathroom, she peeked into the room of Angelina, Vasilisa’s older sister. She saw Angelina without pants on, rubbing her hands down in her “private area.” She wondered what Angelina was doing. She promised herself that she would try out what Angelina was doing sometime soon. After all, if Angelina was doing it, it couldn’t be bad. She was like an idol to the girls. An “Angel”, as it was. Sorry, I’ll stop with the bad puns.

Anyway, she realized she had to get going and start finding the girls. She quickly changed. Now she realized another issue. She had nowhere to stash the diaper. She would have to hope that she wasn’t seen. As she snuck downstairs, she heard sounds coming from the bedroom of the parents.

Peeking in, she saw Vasi’s mom peeing all over the bed while her dad leaned over her, doing to her what Angelina had done to herself. Wondering what all these older types were doing these days, she moved back downstairs, knowing the path was clear.

Vasilisa snuggled into the little cave, knowing she could well be there all night as it was a stellar hiding place and it was very tucked away. She swore (well, as second graders swear) when she realized that the water was running in the background. Nevertheless, she was ready to hide there with Quinn, so long as Quinn could shut up.

Caroline and Rebecca tucked themselves away underneath the bridge in the park, ready for a long night of holding and fun. They were only prepared to go for maybe a half hour, young patience is not that long, even in the most mature of kids, as they were. However, they were still planning to wait, at least for a little while. But would Maxine hurry the heck up? They were right near the river, after all.

*016*2017-05-09 23:40

So I have a question for Y'All. Please tell me which of the following you would like to see. You can choose as many as you want, however, please don't just choose them all as I only have so much time.

1) Continue with this story. Don't worry, I don't plan to stop this unless you guys really want me to.

2) Stop this story.

3) Continue the story with the characters miraculously several years older.

4) Talk about Angelina's relationship.

5) Talk about how Vasi's mom and dad developed their fetish in more detail.

6) Bring this story to school

7) Bring this story to camp

8) Bring this story to ______ (Enter your idea here)

9) ___

*020*2017-06-05 21:47

Chapter 6

“Hey Vasi?” Quinn whispered.

“What?”

“Do you think Maxine’s ever going to find us? It’s been almost an hour.”

“Wow, has it really? No wonder I need to piss so bad. Let’s just go find her.”

“I agree. I’m dying here.” They stood up slowly, but Quinn quickly fell back down with a little scream.

“You OK?” Vasi asked.

“I will be. My leg cramped up.”

“Wait. Shut up.” They paused for a minute, and heard a crunching of leaves nearby. Maxine was close! Immediately, the girls tried to be as still as possible. However, Quinn kept shifting around desperately. She was about ready to give up. It had been almost five minutes with the person near but not finding them.

She then heard Caroline’s voice: “Vasi? Quinn?”

Quinn breathed a sigh of relief. “Yes?

“Where are you guys?”

“Over here, why? Did you guys also give up?”

“Not quite.” All of a sudden, Quinn was tackled by Maxine. They had forgotten Maxine’s surprising ability to imitate voices.

“Get off me! Get off me!” Quinn screamed.

“No.”

“Please! I’m going to pee all over you!” At this, Maxine bolted off of her. And not a moment too soon, as Quinn’s dress lifted up as she had been tackled. The stream of her pee burst out, gushing like a hose through the air before landing on top of Maxine. Maxine rolled desperately out of the way, but Quinn had figured out what was going on and was aiming her stream at Maxine. By the time she finished, Maxine was soaked from head to toe.

“Ugh! Quinn! I’m soaked! How am I going to hide this?”

“Oops. Didn’t think of that.”

“Ya think?” Maxine was furious. Vasi thought quickly.

“I have a pair of pajamas just like that, Maxine. I can lend them to you, you take them home, and I’ll clean the dirty pair. Simple, huh?”

“Yeah, I guess. Now, I have to PEE!” She stood up, yanked her pants down and her shirt off, and tackled Quinn again. “I’m taking out my revenge.” She held Quinn down, and sat on her chest. She began to pee. She just sat and peed for several moments. Finally, Quinn’s shirt and pants were fully soaked, to the extent that they were partially transparent.

For reasons Maxine could not explain, this made her feel a little… strange. It was really cool to her. She shook her head at the thought. “So, where are Caroline and Rebecca?”

They all paused and looked at each other as suddenly, a wolf howled in the background.

“Ok, first thing is to not split up. Agreed?” Vasi asked.

“Agreed.” The others said quickly.

“Also, as much as it pains me to say this, we can’t go around shouting their names. If we do that, there’s a chance that my mom hears us, comes looking for us, and freaks out when she finds out that first, we’re still up, second, Maxine is naked, third, Quinn and I are soaked with pee and fourth, that we were playing hide and seek. So we can say their names, but not shout them.”

The others groaned but agreed. They knew they couldn’t get caught, even though it would make the searching process so much harder.

“Maxine? Gonna put your clothes back on?” Quinn asked.

“Nope, they’re too uncomfortable. Almost like they’re wet or something…” She glared at Quinn.

“Huh. Imagine that.” Quinn replied sarcastically. “Caroline? Rebecca?” She said, starting to walk.

They walked for probably twenty minutes. As they walked, they felt their bladders filling up again, but said nothing as they felt it was embarrassing to be desperate so soon after peeing. However, this culminated in disaster for all three of them.

They were walking down to the creek. At once, three things happened. The ground, already loose from the rain they had been having, broke and began to slide, the dog howled louder and Caroline and Rebecca, who had been following them, suddenly grabbed them from behind and screamed.

The result, of course, was all three girls wetting themselves. Vasi screamed and tried to shove a hand into her crotch, but she ended up just peeing all over her hand. When she figured that out, she gave up. Maxine, on the other hand, when she lost control, dropped to a squat, turned, and aimed at Rebecca’s face, pushing her pee out so that it got all over Rebecca’s face.

The result of this was Rebecca freaking out and releasing the contents of her overtaxed bladder. Her bladder had been filling up for what felt like days and finally just gave up and exploded. Her pee gushed out with surprising force, all over the feet of all of the girls.

Quinn, for her part, couldn’t get any wetter, so she just squatted down and peed through her pants, not being able to think as quickly as Maxine about getting revenge. All the urine puddling together on their feet had an effect on Caroline’s bladder. It decided “hey, maybe I don’t want to be held” and jettisoned all the contents in one short, quick stream.

In a few minutes, the girls were all thoroughly soaked, panting, and feeling quite strange. Their private parts were tingling in a way they hadn’t before. They might need to try this again…

*021*2017-06-05 21:47

Sorry for the delay. I wish I had an excuse but the proper answer is I've been too lazy. I can only write well horny, and usually when I'm horny I don't want to stop and write.

