High School Desperation - Requested by Dr Philthy

Author: Emizzle94

*000*2012-09-17 20:16

HIGH SCHOOL DESPERATION - Story requested by Dr. Philthy

A very popular school girl is about to get the biggest reality check of her life. She will find out that bullying isn't tolerated and those who are bullied have ways of making you pay.

Just another normal day in school; the most popular girl in the school was once again, picking on all the other students. She wasn’t that tall, around five foot six, give or take an inch, her hair was blonde and had a red bow in it to create the ponytail and she was wearing the usual school uniform with a few added things on it. She walked along the corridors like she owned the place and the girls who fell into step behind her strutted in the same fashion as they laughed at, picked on and made a fool of the students that they deemed unworthy. One of the guys thought that enough was enough of this girl’s terrible reign. It was like the girl actually liked making herself look like a nasty, evil little wh-

As the bell rang for first class; everyone filed in and sat in their chairs waiting for the teacher to come in and start the lesson. This gave the guy a chance to concoct a wonderful plan to get back at Miss School Popular for all the times she had picked on him and made him look like a fool in front of the entire school.

‘Oh yes…’ he thought ‘The little bitch won’t even know what hit her’

As the first lesson began; the boy pretended to be making notes, when really he was jotting down the notes of what he needed to do to make his plan succeed. He was glad that he had Science next; perhaps there would be something in there that would be able to aid his plan farther. But if not, then he was sure to have something at home that he could use to get back at her so that Miss School popular won’t be very popular anymore.

HIGH SCHOOL DESPERATION

When Science class was finally here; the guy looked for any ingredients that may aid him in his plan, however he found nothing and was forced to go through the rest of the school day thinking of how he could possibly get his plan to work. See what he wanted to do was make Miss I’m so popular so embarrassed that she’d stop bullying people. Thinking back to what she did to some of the new kids when they came up to the school, he suddenly got a very evil smirk on his face as he had finally figured out what he could do to make her stop.

He went home that night and looked in the medical cabinet in the bathroom and found some Hydrochlorothiazide which was used as a diuretic. Another evil grin found its way onto his face and he opened the bottle, took out one of the capsules and slipped it into his backpack ready for the morning.

‘Father won’t notice if one is missing I’m sure’ he thought.

Tomorrow was going to be a brilliant day, because tomorrow, he could finally get back at his bully and make her see why bullying is such a frowned upon thing in schools. No matter how popular you are or how posh you are, you still need to use the bathroom every now and again and Miss School Popular will be feeling that need quite a lot tomorrow. Going to his bag and pulling out his timetable, his evil grin only got wider when he noticed that they had one of the strictest teachers tomorrow, two hours of the strict maths teacher and that was right after lunch, which is when he’d slip the diuretic into her drink.

HIGH SCHOOL DESPERATION

When the next lunchtime came; the guy got a cup of Miss Popular’s favourite drink and carefully dug around in his bag, fishing out the capsule of the diuretic and carefully opening it, depositing the contents into the drink and stirring it to dissolve the medicine. When Miss Popular entered the lunch hall, he was instantly in front of her, holding out the cup.

“Thanks freaky” Miss Popular said.

She and the other girls laughed at that and then she went to sit down at her table, taking a sip of the drink as she did and the guy mentally fist-pumped at the sight of her drinking the drink. The next three hours would be very desperate for Miss Popular and he would be there for every minute of it, enjoying it and watching as she became the one who was being laughed at instead of the one doing the laughing.

Taking a sip of his own drink, he watched as the girl drank her drink in sips, but then took one really big gulp as it got closer and closer to the end of lunch. Grinning evilly into his cup, he finished his drink and walked to the classroom, knowing that Miss Popular and her girlfriends would wait until the absolute last minute to start walking towards class and because she was so popular, she liked to get there on time to get her favourite seat, so that meant…no time to go to the restroom before class.

‘I am so gonna enjoy this’ the guy thought.

HIGH SCHOOL DESPERATION

During the first hour of the maths class, Miss Popular began to slightly squirm in her seat as she began to feel a slight urge to use the restroom. However, she ignored it in favour of getting her work done, not only was she popular with her friends and many of the high classed guys in the school, but she was also popular amongst many of the teachers. The only teachers she wasn’t popular with were the maths teacher, science teacher and English teacher. Squirming in her seat once more, she lightly pressed her thighs together.

‘Not now please?’ She silently begged.

Knowing that the strict Maths teacher wouldn’t let her out of the classroom until the break between the two hours, she knew she had to hold it. Looking up to the clock, Miss Popular almost deflated as she saw that they had at least forty minutes until the end of the first hour of maths. Shaking her head slightly, she looked back down at her work and looked at the book she was working from and almost smiled when she saw that she had almost finished all of the equations that she had been assigned, so that meant…if the teacher was in a good mood, she would let her go to the bathroom.

‘A few more equations and I can go…hopefully’ she thought.

Getting on with the equations that she had to finish; she began to find it harder and harder to concentrate with the pressure building in her bladder. Her leg began to jiggle to take her mind off of the distraction as she contemplated what the answer to the equation in front of her was. Usually she would have got it straight away, but the constant prodding in her brain from her bladder was inhibiting the normal brain function for her. After a few minutes, she finally finished the last equation and her hand shot up. The teacher looked up and saw her hand and pushed her glasses down her nose a little.

“Yes?” She asked.

Miss Popular gave a small, what she perceived to be ‘cute’ smile and bounced in her seat a little.

“I’ve finished miss” she replied.

The maths teacher got up and strolled over to Miss Popular’s desk, bending down to look at all of the equations on the paper and ticking them off as she read over them. Nodding as she ticked the last one, she turned the page in the book in front of the girl.

“Good, you can now do these ones” she stated.

Miss Popular squirmed in her seat; obviously the teacher wasn’t in a very good mood, but she had to try as she was becoming a little desperate.

“Um actually miss…can I please go to the bathroom?” She asked.

The teacher looked over at the girl and again slid her glasses down her nose, regarding Miss Popular with a solid glare.

“You have just had lunch, why did you not go then?” She replied.

Miss Popular gave another, what she perceived to be ‘cute’ smile and once again bounced in her seat.

“Well I didn’t really need to go then miss” she answered.

The teacher shook her head and pushed her glasses up her nose so that they were once again sitting on the bridge of her nose instead of the slope.

“Finish those equations and I may think about letting you go” she stated.

Miss Popular deflated a little, but nodded anyway. She pressed her thighs together a little more and began on the equations. It was really hard for her to concentrate with the ever growing pressure in her bladder, but she kept thinking to herself that all she needed to do was complete the equations and she could go to the bathroom. The guy who had put the diuretic in Miss Popular’s drink smiled at this little display of desperation. He was already enjoying it as he watched. He looked back down to his paper as she looked over to him, a small smile plastered to his face as he wrote down the equations and answered them with what seemed to be complete ease.

Once the girl had finished the equations set by the teacher again; she once again put her hand up and the teacher looked over at her, getting up and walking over to her and looking at the equations before nodding.

“You have five minutes until the end of the lesson, I am sure you can wait until then” she said.

The popular girl deflated a little more; her desperation was becoming more and more. Nodding, she crossed her legs under the table and stuck her hand between them, pressing right up against her private lips; her fingers tapping against her thigh as she watched the clock, counting every second that went by, getting more and more desperate as the hand ticked and ticked. She switched positions, her thighs pressed tightly together as now both of her hands were between her legs, her little fingers pressing roughly against her nether regions.

Looking up at the clock again, she noticed that she only had three minutes until the end of class. Her eyes lit up and a small smile graced her features. Pretty soon she'd be in the bathroom getting the release she craved.

HIGH SCHOOL DESPERATION

When the bell finally did ring; Miss Popular was up and out of her seat in no less than a second. She ran to the nearest bathroom and tried the door. It was locked. It was only then that she saw the sign on it 'Closed for maintenance'. She gave a small groan and ran to the next bathroom, that door was also locked. Pressing her hands between her thighs, she groaned a little and then ran towards another bathroom to see a maintenance worker just going in there.

"Wait! Can I please use this bathroom before you clean it?" She asked.

The maintenance worker looked at her and shrugged; he'd been told to do some work and he didn't get paid if he didn't do it on time.

"Sorry love; I won't get paid if I don't do the work I gotta do in here" he replied.

Miss Popular nodded and as the man went into the bathroom, her hands flew between her legs again as she pressed her thighs together before she hurried towards the next bathroom, only to see a line forming outside of it with girls who looked equally as desperate as her stood there. Groaning again she ran off towards the only other bathroom in the school. She managed to get in there, but found that all the stalls were occupied. So she waited in the bathroom, hands between her thighs as she moved from foot to foot, crossed her legs and bounced on the spot, her knees bending as she did. Her hands were visciously gripping her crotch under her skirt tears springing to her eyes as she stood there.

'This is it, I'm going to wet myself and be the laughing stock of the entire school' she thought.

Finally, after what seemed like forever in the waiting; one of the stalls opened and a girl walked out. Roughly grabbing the girl exiting the cubicle, Miss Popular hurried in there, slamming the door and locking it before she pulled her panties down and sat on the toilet, releasing a loud sigh of relief as she was finally able to go to the bathroom. When she had finished, she came out of the stall and washed her hands, feeling a lot better now. Faintly; as she was washing her hands, she heard laughing outside the bathroom door. Walking out, she was horrified to see one of the guys she had been picking on, giving out pictures of her with her hands between her legs and her eyes squeezed shut. Even her friends were taking the pictures and laughing at them. The thought made tears come to her eyes and she ran off towards the classroom again.

After that incident; she never picked on anyone again, because instead of her laughing at everyone, she was the one being laughed at.

*010*2013-08-21 18:10

{{:

I was hoping for a good wetting.. but either way, the story was great! I'd love to read more of your's.

}}

I do have a wetting story, it's male though and it's WWE. When I can get my computer working on Omorashi.org I'll post up another story with wetting in too.

