Alone in Pinwheel Forest

Author: Eeveeluver00

*000*2012-02-14 04:11

Well, here's another attempt at a Pokemon Fanfic, this time with human and Pokemon.

Sakura stepped past a tree and groaned as she realized she had already been there. Her Leafeon looked up at her and sighed. Sakura chucked a pokeball at the ground, and Megko the Meganium popped out. Sakura lay on the Pokemon's back to sleep. She awoke several hours later feeling a farmiliar pressure in her bladder, but ignored it, planning on finding a toilet when she reached the city. She jumped of her friend's back, feeling her bladder protest. She walked on, gasping as a caterpie jumped out. Megko threw it aside, gaining a small 63 experience points. Sakura smoothed the ruffled edges of her bright green dress and adjusting the pink flower in her green hair, trying to get her mind of something else…

Her hand suddenly jetted away from Megko's back, landing between her legs as she bounced desperately. She felt herself spurt in her panties, which only made the urge worse. She shoved both hands between her legs, crossing them and bending over as another jolt hit her bladder. She danced franticly from foot to foot, wincing in pain. She blushed as an Ace Trainer passed by and stared at the strange girl jumping and clutching her crotch. She could almost feel the pee running down her legs, and knew it was only a matter of time before her dress was soaked. She climbed on Megko's back, hoping she wouldn't have an accident on top of her Pokemon. She squeezed her legs together, glad that Megko was under her, as it gave her something besides her hands to shove against her crotch, slightly easing the pain, although she knew she was still ready to wet herself. They approached the end of the forest, and stepped onto the bridge.

Sakura had completely forgotten about the bridge, and she realized she'd need to hold it in until they reached the end. She called out her other Pokemon to block her embarrassing position, hoping no one would see her, crying and desperate for the toilet. She hopped of Megko, jamming her hands between her legs. Her shiny Bellossome shielded her from view, while Megko and Petal (the Leafeon) guided her forward. Her Tropius walked behind, where she was likely to be seen, and her Deerling was prancing happily along, not noticing her desperate trainer. They were almost there, and Sakura could see the town ahead.

She could practically feel the relief as she emptied her bladder. She let out another spurt, this time leaving a visible wet patch. She groaned as her bladder gave way, and she began to soak herself. Fresh pee dribbled down her legs, and her pink underwear clung to her soggy butt. She watched helplessly as her bladder emptied its contence, relieving its self in public. The stream showed no sighns of stopping.

HISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS………!

She felt relieved now that the liquid was flowing out of her system, but she tried to stop. She managed to gain control, only to lose it agin. She finished wetting herself, but the puddle continued to grow. She looked up to see Megko with one leg raised, peeing as if she had held it for days, and the both laughed.

