My first attempt - Back to the future

Author: random999

*000*2014-10-27 11:02

I came up with this idea the other day, when I thought 'Wouldn't Jennifer need the toilet after 20 hours of being unconcious?'

My first attempt at omorashi fiction, so it's probably terrible. I'm open to criticism though :D

(You probably won't understand it unless you've seen Back to the Future part III)

(The formatting is weird because I wrote it on notepad)

Jennifer awoke to a strange feeling. She couldn't remember going to sleep, and she didn't know why. But, as she came to her senses, she realised that someone had been kissing her. And it was Marty. "Marty!" She exclaimed. "...I had the worst nightmare..."

"Well, it's over now, Jen. Come on, I brought the truck." Jennifer got up, took a step forward, and... ah. The last thing she could remember before the dream was meeting Marty early in the morning. It was now 11:30 the next day, so that meant she had... 24 hours' worth of pee inside her? No, it couldn't be; probably something more like 20 hours, but that didn't matter - it was ready to come out. But she could hold it, no matter how badly she had to go, she was 17, 18 in a few months, and adults don't wet themselves.

Eventually she got into the struck, and they drove away. She had thought it would be a lot easier to hold now that she was sitting down, but that was quickly proven wrong. In her sitting position, her bladder was being squashed down, its contents sloshing about like an ocean. Marty was talking about something, but she wasn't really paying attention, as her private needs probably came before boyfriends. But her private needs were going to become very public if she didn't do something about them. Maybe if she just took her mind off it, and thought about something else, maybe then the pressure would subside until she got a chance to go.

"Marty, it WAS a dream, wasn't it?" Again, she wasn't really ready to engage in conversation, but maybe it was worth it. None of the other girls got to ride around in trucks. But this had been a detail of the dream - the Marty of the future HAD owned a truck, but he had crashed into a Rolls-Royce in a drag race. Maybe, just maybe, that dream was going to happen now...

Another truck, presumably the Needles from the dream, rocketed down the street. Marty had been talking to him a moment ago, and had agreed to race.

This was a bad idea. A terrible idea. But it took her mind off her bursting bladder and on to more important things. Like their future, and their big house, their kids... a sudden movement caught her off guard, and the black truck reversed, turned sharply and span back around. Jennifer, of course, being a smart girl, was wearing a seatbelt. But as the movement came to a halt, she was thrown forwards in her seat, and the seatbelt wrapped straight around her lower body, tightening around her waist, effectively crushing her bladder. Immediately, a warm liquid shot down her urethra and past her vagina lips.

This was, needless to say, unexpected, and Jennifer's hand slammed into her crotch. She had pretty good bladder control, and she managed to stop the flow quickly. Marty had not noticed, and was looking out of the back window. This was an opportunity, so Jennifer slid her trousers down a little, and saw her own wet panties. It was a shock, knowing that she had peed without trying to, but at least it was only a small amount, and she still had the rest of it safely locked away. But this was probably a signal that it was time to go. "Marty...." she began nervously.

"Yeah?" he replied.

"I-" the sentence was interrupted by a warm feeling in her trouser pocket. At first she thought that she was doing it again, but this wasn't the case. The piece of paper in her pocket was hot to the touch, and the words 'YOU'RE FIRED' faded away. "It erased..." she remarked in wonder. "...where's the time machine, then?"

"You're right, there's not much left." She carefully treaded through the wreckage of the DeLorean, her bladder still full, but her need less urgent- after all, some of it was still in her panties, the cold, wet material clinging to her skin.

"Doc's never coming back..." Marty looked towards the bridge where the car had rematerialised, and the bells on the crossing began to ring.

This is odd, she thought. Where's the train?

Three massive explosions on the rails flung them both up into the air, and they sailed along before landing in some bushes across the grass. Marty immediately got up to greet Doc, who had arrived in his flying train. Jennifer, however, was a different story. On impact, her need had worsened, and she got the feeling that this was the end of the line. She rested a hand on her crotch. She gasped in pain. One wrong move could mean the end of a perfectly good pair of trousers.

But she couldn't pee here, not in public! What if someone came around the corner, or Marty came back? What then-

A dribble made its way into her panties. Ok, maybe now going in public wasn't such a bad idea. She carefully squatted down, and just as she was about to remove her panties, her bladder gave up. A torrent of urine gushed out of her pussy, some hitting, her panties, and some collecting on the ground between her shoes. She put a hand on her vagina to try and stop the flow, but it just kept coming. She had had this building up for over 20 hours now, and as it released, she felt an odd sensation of bliss.

*002*2014-10-27 19:37

{{:

Not bad for a first time. I think you should prolong it a little add a little more to her desperation and maybe some extra wetness in those panties ;) It was good though I enjoy movie stories

}}

Yeah, I think I focused too much on staying true to the movie than actually describing her desperation. Thanks for the feedback :)

*006*2014-10-28 15:21

{{:

I hate to be a negative Nancy here, but I'm going be as nice as I can about this and try to offer some helpful advice.

}}

I wrote this and put it on the forums so that I could see what people thought of it, this is exactly the kind of response I need.{{

I just don't see how she would have been holding it for 20 hours. Maybe I'm missing something, but I don't think her bladder would have filled up in real time like that, but rather remained at a dormant state. Also, even if it did, her body would have most likely voided her bladder involuntarily as she slept.

}}

But where's the fun in that? :P{{

Third, there is absolutely no build up/expression of desperation, this is vital to every omorashi fiction that's going to include such. I know you wanted to stay true to the movie, but you should try to fit desperation in to work along side it.

}}

Yeah, I know.{{

Fourth, there's a few poor word choices that I saw. Pee doesn't come out of a pussy or vagina, it comes from the urethra which is behind it. Use words like peehole or floodgates, or opening.;

}}

I wrote 'Vagina lips', as that's sort of the external bit.... as you can see, I'm no expert.

Thanks :D

