Syia The Heroine

Author: Infernal

*000*2010-11-15 13:43

This story is a little bit more detailed than Jelex's story, featuring a character named Syia that I use quite often. She's changed a fair bit since I started using her, but the basic gist of her story is that she's a heroine whose weak point is peeing herself... so I'm guessing you can see where that'll end up going.

This story is somewhat more graphic and detailed than the other, as I have a scene in which Syia's pretty thoroughly probed while holding a lot of pee, and a lot of description of her peeing and holding. No actual sex, but nudity and sexual situations and all that good jazz, etc etc. Here's hoping the story is entertaining.

###

Bold and confident, as was her usual demeanor, Syia strode into the small coffee shop that she usually came to during her lunch break; it was just across the street from the hospital where she worked, and Syia liked coffee, so as far as she was concerned the location of the small shop was a perk for her to enjoy. Syia enjoyed many such perks in her life; one was a good job as the head nurse of the aforementioned hospital, which was work that was satisfying and demanding, not leaving her time to get bored, even if she did occasionally get a little tired from it.

Another 'perk' was her physical appearance; long blue hair fell loosely and hung straight down to the small of her back, complementing a very generous set of breasts and a nice curve below her hips, which she was not at all ashamed of. After all, if she had been fortunate enough to be blessed with such looks, why should she be embarrassed or ashamed about them? Such beauty, she often judged to herself with a hidden smile, was not meant to be wrapped up and hidden behind drab clothing...

Yet another perk that Syia had was the strange but powerful psychic ability she'd had since she was a teenager. Prior to an episode in high school that had resulted in her nearly going berserk and tearing apart a classroom, she had participated with no small amount of glee in the acerbic undercurrent of backbiting, rumormongering, and managing the orbits of those 'loyal' to her, seeking to expand her personal influence by increasing the number of people whom she could make do what she said.

It was only after a particularly scathing exchange with another girl in which she had completely lost her temper and unlocked the latent powers within her mind that she realized what she was capable of, and had plenty of time to contemplate it from a hospital recovery bed. The psychic backlash of her power being unleashed in such a way had temporarily numbed her body, and while she had recovered, for a long period of time she was left alone with herself and with her new power, which she could clearly see frightened many. It had given her a lot to think about, and after her release from the hospital, she had changed quite a bit.

That was then, and this was now. Syia strode into the coffee shop and was about to sit down when she saw a pair of brilliant blue eyes belonging to a boy with soft, almost feminine features looking right at her, and sitting alone at a nearby booth. Impulsively, Syia sat across from him and smiled. He smiled back at her. "What would you like?" he asked pleasantly.

"Extra-large coffee?" Syia laughed, and nodded at him, content to smile mysteriously and look into his eyes for now. When he slid out of the booth and walked to the counter to place the order, Syia watched him for some time, and then her eyes slid back to the empty side of the booth where he was sitting, and let her mind wander off into fantasyland for a few brief, blissful seconds. Soon enough the boy had returned with a tall coffee, setting it down in front of her. "So, do you work around here?" he asked, cradling his own much smaller cup of iced coffee. His eyes were piercing, his smile mesmerizing. Syia hid a smile with the rim of her cup.

"I work as the head nurse at the hospital just across the street," Syia answered, draining the last of her coffee. That elicited a surprised blink of confusion as she set down the empty cup before her, but the boy didn't seem to mind, quickly flagging down a circulating server and ordering another pair of coffees. Syia smiled at his generosity and continued. "I usually come here during my lunch break because it's quite close, and I love the coffee they have here." There was a brief pause as two tall cups of coffee were set in front of Syia, and she mixed cream and sugar into one of them before tilting it to her lips.

"So what is it that you do?" Syia asked, blinking in the midst of drinking her coffee - that one was gone, too. But she didn't seem to notice anything untoward. At best, there was an innocent confusion in her eyes, one that passed soon enough as she took up the second coffee, not particularly paying attention to the server who arrived with another pair of cups. The boy had still just his one small cup of iced coffee, and was directing those brilliant blue eyes right at her. It made Syia smile as she set down her next finished cup of coffee and went for another.

"Really?" the boy asked, his tone one of wonderment. "I heard that nurses are fantastically busy, sometimes even so busy that you have no time to use the restroom. Doesn't drinking coffee make you have to go pee a lot?" Syia giggled at the question, draining her next coffee. The boy smirked to himself. She was still oblivious; while she didn't suspect anything aside from a kind, cute boy sitting across from her, she wouldn't notice her distorted view of time. In reality, while her replies seemed to her to be coming immediately in response to his, when drinking coffee her eyes would glaze over slightly while the entire twenty-four ounces of liquid slid down her throat, and then she would blink, and things would seem to return to normal for her. The boy signaled the server for another pair of tall coffee cups.

"Oh, well, I guess you might think that," Syia said as some of the empty cups were cleared away and fresh ones were brought in, "but I have a very strong bladder, and so even after drinking coffee I can hold it for long enough until there's a break in the schedule." That much was true, and it was something the boy had already known. After obtaining her psychic abilities - which, he knew, could level this entire cafe and flatten him into atoms with a thought, making this a dangerous but thrilling dance with her awareness - she had gone to meet with a brilliant young scientist researching nanotechnology. What she had done there had gone unnoticed for some time, until a colleague named Cryotoxin had picked up on the connection, and eventually beaten out of the defiant but powerless scientist what he had done. When it was found that he had introduced muscle-strengthening nanometallic coatings to her bladder, the question on everyone's mind had been, why?

The answer, of course, had been revealed after a little deduction... and so now, here he sat trying to get her to drink as much coffee as possible before she wised up. The little mind-meld trick he was using on her wasn't permanent. It could only pull the wool over someone's eyes for so long until they started realizing that they were lapsing in time, so to speak. In this case, when Syia realized that she had to go to the bathroom, it would end... but he wasn't just going to let it happen like that. What there was, then, was a fine balancing line, how long he could suppress the urge from a bladder that was already complaining as coffee filled it rapidly; the first cup, which he had prepared, featured a strong dose of diuretics, and had she been in a normal state her legs would be pressed together and wiggling... but he was playing a game of chicken, seeing how many he could get into her before the need hit the point where it would require too much power to suppress.

Presently she wasn't even making small talk, just drinking her coffee as her eyes wandered. It amused him, since her natural proclivity was to drink herself desperate, and so he was able to conserve his abilities, channeling his mental energy into dulling the sensation of a full bladder... He could sense it, now. It was time to move. "Syia?" he asked softly, seeing her turn to him, confusion stamped on her pretty face. The question was all but on her lips, but he wasn't about to let her as how he knew her name. Instead, he focused himself fully on her, letting his blue eyes meet her brown and dominate them, until her eyelids had closed and she was slumped over the table, snoring. He had to move fast; when she awoke, she'd be immune to his power for a while. However, if things had gone according to plan, he wouldn't need to use it for some time...

###

Syia moaned with desperation, trying to shift her body a little bit to take some of the stress off of her bladder, but she was restrained with the express idea that this would not be possible. It was similar to a gynecologist's chair, keeping her legs spread wide and up out of the way so he could work between her legs... Right now, she was alone, but a set of plastic clips were attached to her labia, pulling them apart to reveal what was inside, and taped to her inner thighs so they wouldn't come loose. Just having her legs and labia spread was hard enough - her arms were out to her sides, and she was of course entirely naked, laying back on the table in what appeared to be a sarcastic imitation of a hospital room. She was alone for now, but every time she tried to focus on herself and gather the required concentration to focus her devastating psionic power, her thoughts returned to the throbbing bladder nestled just below her navel...

He returned then, a grin on his face. "Well, well, Syia. Seems like you've had a little too much to drink..." Syia couldn't respond because she had a tube forced in her mouth that was secured in place with a strap that buckled around the side of her head, and the tube was attached to a tank filled with more coffee. "Sugar and cream, right? Just the way you like it..." Syia forced herself to look into the brilliant blue eyes of her nemesis, trying to ignore the soft sandy hair and pretty features that went along with it, what were once friendly and smiling eyes now narrowed in amusement at her helpless state.

But there was no way to avoid drinking the coffee, mouthfuls at a time, just the perfect warm temperature to not burn her mouth. Strange that she could still find the coffee delicious as he pumped excessive amounts into her... "There, I think that should be enough to begin," he said, taking out what seemed to be something like an enema bag, and sure enough he oiled the tip and inserted it slightly into her, earning a wince, but then a gasp; he had fitted it with an inflatable plug, sealing her off, but what Syia noticed more than that was the icy cold water which started to fill her insides... settling in right behind her bladder. The spasm that caused almost made her arc pee clear across the room, but she tightened her muscles and held on.

Her nemesis looked on in perverse fascination as the small hole of the urethra flexed with her effort to hold. "Strong as ever, Syia... holding those aching gallons of pee until the end, right? You do know that if you'd just give in to me, I'd let you hold tons of pee all the time and tease you, just the way you like it..." He chuckled as he was cut off by a series of indignant-sounding grunts and narrowed eyes atop flushed cheeks. Feeling the curve of her hard bladder with his finger, he traced gently over it for a minute, as if searching, and then gave one spot a sharp tap.

Syia, already reeling from the sensation of the freezing cold water behind her bladder, felt her eyes go wide as something within her started to buzz, settling neatly against her inner bladder wall and buzzing insistently. "Oh, what's the matter, something a little uncomfortable in there?" he teased. "Couldn't be one of those tiny probes slipped into your coffee, you know, the kind that attach to your bladder's inside and buzz away? You can only flush them out by peeing, you know..."

Stepping back for a moment, he observed his victim. Syia's eyes were wide open, and then shut tight, alternating states as the rest of her body tried to make up for the near-total lack of mobility she had below the waist. Her thighs were strapped tightly into the stirrups, as were her ankles, and of course her labia were held open, so that the subtle flexing of her urethra could be seen... Inside of her, Syia's bladder bulged with the volume of the urine it held inside, impossibly strong muscles sealing the opening at the bottom which her pee so desperately wanted to drain out of, a ring of muscle that quivered as a devious little device massaged it.

The strain of holding it closed, and holding it closed hard, would show in not too long a time; even now, the muscles trembled slightly from fatigue, combined with the distracting sensations of vibration, and then the freezing cold which shocked her muscles, trying to get them to relax through sheer muscle reflex, and if that didn't succeed, just to draw a very uncomfortable contrast between the warm urine in her bladder and the cold water just below it... a coldness which was accentuated by a fresh burst of icy water settling into her gut as the first dose was absorbed into her tissues, creating yet more urine, and warmed to her internal body temperature.

Presently the tall, handsome boy was at Syia's breasts, grinning as he extended his fingers for a lecherous grope. Syia glared - and then nearly screamed again, finding that his fingertips were icy cold and kneading the sensitive flesh of her breasts. The cold shocks were making her bladder twinge, and the constant massage of her inner muscles didn't help. Still, Syia's muscles held tight, refusing to budge...

If she could just accommodate herself, get used to the feeling of intense desperation for just a minute, she could bring her formidable ability to bear, shredding the restraints and smashing the devices around her with sheer psychokinetic force, while invading the mind of the sneaky bastard that had tricked her in this way and forcing him to heel... and she might as well wish for a couple million dollars while she was at it, for all the likelihood she was to have of getting it at the moment. His fingers were careful, even gentle, massaging her breasts in what would have been a lover's touch had the situation not been so ridiculously skewed against it. "Hm, I guess you're not going to be cold-shocked into peeing yourself," he said with a grin, withdrawing his hands and rubbing them against her belly to warm them, making Syia moan around the tube in her mouth again.

Instead, he returned with a warm pack from the nearby table where he had set up various devious implements, though this particular pack was trailing a pair of wires that plugged into a small machine near the foot of the chair Syia was strapped into... Using medical tape to secure the pack into place directly atop her bladder, he knelt down to fiddle with the machine as Syia squirmed. The intense pressure of the pee was madly distracting to her... it felt like a whole watermelon was inside her gut. A warm, swishing watermelon... Then she gasped as the hot pack started to vibrate atop her, making Syia thrash against her bonds for a brief moment before she realized how much movement agitated her bladder...

"What's this?" the boy asked, producing a thin, latex-covered tool that was slightly hooked on the end, and kneeling in between her legs, he probed into the urethra, making Syia's eyes pop with desperate agony. The probe tickled the sensitive inner covering... and it reached halfway up before withdrawing, and he held it up... "Ah, the first drop, the harbinger of the leak," he said softly, noticing the golden droplet of pee that hung on the hooked end of the tool. Carefully, he wiped it down, grinning at Syia's agonizing expression. Her eyes seemed nearly rolled back up into her head, body quivering madly under the assault of so many tortures to her bladder...

A fresh jet of water tormented her insides, freezing cold... Reflexively her muscles clamped tighter, but the fatigue was starting to tell, even on her enhanced muscles. The ring that held back all of the pee just desperately bursting to get free had weakened slightly, letting a torturous drop tickle out of her urethra, stuck halfway down until he'd extracted it. The hot pack put a warm, vibrating pressure on her hard dome from above, while within her, the probe floated around the muscular wall, vibrating and teasing it, seducing it with slight vibrations, trying to persuade it to release...

Syia's toes curled and uncurled rapidly, ankles wiggling, while her fingers were pressed into her palm tightly, leaving nail marks. The only muscle that could help was the one inside of her; Syia's thighs could not be crossed, the heel of her hand could not be jammed into her crotch, to provide even that fleeting relief. No, her legs were spread wide open, urethra totally exposed... A dangerous thought crossed her mind, the thought of how amazingly good it would feel to pee. No; if she peed, she'd weaken so much that her defenses would be null and she'd probably be swamped under the mental influence of her nemesis. But, it would feel so good to pee...

Carefully, he had cleaned off the tool he'd used in sterile water, and then wiped it down. "Let's see just how much punishment those vaunted muscles of yours can take, Syia dear," he said with a smile on his face - damn him for being so cute, and for looking like he cared! - and knelt between her legs, inserting the thin tool into her urethra again. This time, prepared for what was happening, Syia tightened her muscles as hard as she dared around it, feeling the satisfaction of having it catch inside her and then get stuck. To be sure, it burned a little, but it was surely better than letting him...

A panicked moan came from her throat. Instead of getting frustrated and trying to jam it into her, he instead had started to rock it back and forth, slowly going in and out, as if fucking her urethra with that tool... It was madness, it was insane. Every stroke of that slightly hooked end against her inner walls sent a spiking torrent of sensation shooting up through her body, making her scalp prickle... and slowly, her urethra was teased into submission, allowing the tool further into her body. It was guided with a steady hand, and once again Syia cursed him for not being more easily hateable, for looking so good and acting so gentle even as he tortured her... Her mind was wandering, trying to escape the prison of a desperate body trying to hold back a torrent of urine, nowhere near the focus required to bring her power to bear...

"The source," he whispered, when the probe had gone far enough into her urethra to bump into the ring of muscle holding it closed. He left it there for a moment, leaning down next to Syia's ear, and whispering: "Now we get to see how strong you are, Syia. Can you hold on for me? Nothing would be more amazing than seeing your muscles resist this teasing... the slow, deliberate teasing of their very core, stroked and played with while valiantly trying to do their job..." Syia tried to turn her head away, but he grinned, stroking her cheek and feeling the heat of her blush.

Or maybe she was angry. Either way, she was beautiful. He chuckled. Syia couldn't believe him, teasing and taunting her like that... what did he want her to do, like holding this boulder of pee inside of her while he tried every trick, inside and out, to make her bladder leak? His hand slowly moved for the end of the tool, still sticking out of her, and Syia shook her head madly, but to no avail. Deep inside of her, she could feel it start to move... and her eyes bulged in surprised horror.

The slightly hooked end began to vibrate, rubbing all along the ring of muscle inside of her that held her bladder closed, irritating and stroking the walls of her urethra. The buzzing made her muscles feel tingly and it was hard to tell if they were tightly clamped or not as they started to hum under the precise massage of his tool. The only way to know for sure was to tighten them so hard that there was no chance of leakage... but because she couldn't feel precisely their state, when they weakened, it snuck up on her and forced her to gasp, tightening up suddenly again. It was a hopeless cause; her body was tiring with the constant relaxing and tensing inside of her, but she couldn't...

Her urethra flexed slightly, and a small jet of pee squirted past the instrument. Syia squealed her dismay, but it was too late; he expertly got the tool into the opening that the pee had escaped from, so deep inside of her... and it was only then that she realized he was watching a small television nearby, one showing a strange landscape of pink skin and muscle... It was inside of her, she realized. That's how he knew where to move the tip... Syia watched in horror as the buzzing head of the instrument prodded into a muscular knot just to one side of her bladder, and that the muscle seemed to melt away under the teasing influence...

In a kind of morbid curiosity, Syia watched her bladder give way at the same time as she felt it within herself. The picture suddenly became washed out and the boy let go of the tool just in time for it to be pushed out and clatter to the floor, followed a heartbeat later by an arc of pee that shot out of Syia's urethra... Syia tried frantically to close her muscles, but they wouldn't respond, unable to tense up again after finally relaxing and allowing the pee its freedom to escape.

He said nothing, just reveling in the look on her face when her eyes rolled up into her head again, a thought crossing her mind as the pee continued to stream out of her, a nice long jet that didn't die down for a minute, and only started to taper after that, taking another minute to finally reach its conclusion. Syia hardly felt any of that, though. All she could do was gaze vacantly at the ceiling; the strength seemed sucked out of her body, and a sudden heavy sleepiness overcame her. She muttered against the tube in her mouth. "Hm, what was that, dear?" he asked, pulling the tube free, but Syia had slipped away into slumber, unable to answer him, and repeat what she had said before:

At least it DID feel as good as I thought it would...

###

Syia awoke. She was laying on a bed, not bound or gagged or tied or anything of the sort. Sitting up suddenly, she replaced her glasses on her face, which had been fortuitously laying on the nightstand right next to where she was. The bed was plain but comfortable, the room carpeted and with a light or two plus a desk in the corner but otherwise bare; it had an oddly clean, sterile feel that made it seem like a hotel room. The curtains were drawn, making it dim, but Syia could see from the light peeking under that it appeared to be sunset, slipping away into the evening. Syia herself wore a sporty tank top and tight shorts with socks, wondering why she had been dressed at all, but she didn't question it.

More importantly than all of that, she was free from outside distraction; no pee in her bladder, no one tickling her, no drugs making her head fuzzy, nothing. She curled her lips into a grin; whoever had brought her here had made a major mistake.

The door swung outward suddenly, slamming into the wall behind it with great force and most definitely scratching the paint, as Syia strode through it, coming out into what appeared to be a normal, run-of-the-mill apartment of the middle-class variety, though probably it was somewhat more upscale than an average apartment.. It was nice enough, with a kitchenette and dining area, a living room with a couch and a TV, two bedrooms and a bathroom, and a small washer/dryer combo tucked away in a walk-in closet. It was all clean, despite the fact that the male clothing on the hangers indicated it was a male apartment.

But Syia was taking no chances; finding the front door, she unlocked it, found sneakers in her size set just inside the door, stepped into them and exited the apartment, grinning to herself. No suspicious minds were in the immediate area, and Syia simply took the elevator to the first floor, unaware of the invisible field she passed through on the way out, and simply hailed a taxi to take her back to her apartment. She'd have to get in touch with the hospital and explain things, but that ought not to be too much of a problem, she said to herself, settling in the back seat with a small grin.

Syia's next few days were ordinary work-days, and she counted down the days until the weekend like most everyone else. She followed her normal habits, getting up early each morning to shower and eat breakfast, then stopped at a drive-through for a coffee on the way to work, worked until lunch and then got another coffee plus a sandwich at the coffee shop, returning to work and finishing out the remainder of her day before heading home, at which time she either decided to bum out on the couch with some TV if her day had been tiring, or get dressed up to go out if it had not. Of course, in the process of going out, she invariably had some alcoholic drinks, though not many, preferring to stick to soda and water if she could help it. She danced, she flirted, and the strange kidnapping and torture of earlier in the week passed away into vague memory. It wasn't important; she hadn't been bothered again.

Or so she thought. What Syia didn't realize, because of the specialized drug she'd been slipped while she was unconscious, was that her ability to detect other minds and their respective forces had been compromised. Instead of reading a total blank, which might have alerted her that something was wrong, she simply detected nothing unusual and was gently prodded not to inquire more by subtle pokes at her mind. This was, however, just a setup for the real plot, which was taking place below; Syia's bladder was currently in the grip of a powerful reality-warping field, which caused everything that entered into it to supercompress, and it also inhibited the bladder's ability to warn the brain that something was happening; the nerve signals, by the time they cleared the field, were so diluted as to not even register with the conscious mind, and while Syia had constant and very clear dreams of desperately needing a massive pee each night, she noticed nothing else untoward.

The net result was that, as Syia's mind was gently directed away from noticing, she hadn't peed once since returning from the odd trap she'd fallen into. Everything she drank was converted into urine as usual, but the urine was supercompressed, and so while it became very dense, the field counteracted that, and let an immense quantity build up, nearly one hundred times what would normally fit in such a space. In essence, this was a time bomb that Syia didn't know she was carrying; were the field to be released, Syia would suddenly suffer an immense and debilitating need to pee.

It wouldn't suddenly expand back to normal - that would kill her - but the heavy pee would be akin to carrying around a bladder full of thick heavy cream, that would only slowly uncompress as it left the distortion field and her body. In other words, when Syia finally did go for a pee, she'd be there for ten minutes or more... disabled for quite a while after that, due to the exhausting effect of so much pee leaving her body. Ruby-red lips curved into a wicked smile at that thought.

It was a Friday night, and Syia was out at a club, smiling and talking to someone she had met that night, sipping a glass of soda and keeping a measured pace. It had taken enough time to get to this point; Syia's bladder was starting to approach the point where, even with the compression field active, it would be getting full. The twinges would start soon... and that posed the question, a question that made a red tongue lick over those lips. The question was, how long would she hold it before going pee?

She looked quite attractive tonight, a sleeveless blouse over a tan pleated skirt with knee-high boots, the top pulled tight to better show off her... huge tits, the woman thought with a smile, those huge tits that just begged for someone to come and grope them. Or at least, she wanted to, but she acknowledged there were other things more exciting than just a handful of breast, no matter how appealing they were. The first slight bend of her knee, the slight crossing of her legs, the quick compression of her thighs... these were the things that were even more exciting than a slipped nipple or a glimpse of panties.

Syia suddenly excused herself with a few polite words to the person she was speaking with, and had him hold her drink while she made her way to the bathroom. Feeling a sudden stab of irrational anger for not humoring her fetishes, the woman who had been watching her followed at a discreet distance and went after Syia into the bathroom. If she wasn't going to cooperate and do a pee dance for a while, the very least she could do was indulge her and allow her to watch the mighty Psyren pee herself silly while a data theft operation was set to occur in about... three minutes from now.

Bloodrose didn't actually know Syia's name, just knowing her heroine's cognomen, and now knew a bit more about her from maintaining the reality-distortion field for a whole week. Her lips curved again in a smile, the wisps of honey-blonde hair sticking in the corner of her mouth before she brushed her hair behind her ears. It was amazing how that boy could be so clever in getting the heroine to pee herself, and then how he could be so stupid as to just allow her to walk freely out of his apartment. Still, Bloodrose had been there, and had been able to take advantage of the situation, the drug that clouded her ability to detect minds -

Suddenly, she found herself pinned up against the wall by inexorable, irresistible and invisible force. Gasping for air, she saw Syia approaching her, a wide grin on her face. "Do you seriously think I wouldn't notice being drugged?" she asked with a smirk. It was the figure that Bloodrose recognized - Psyren, psychic heroine, frightfully strong and with only a handful of weak points that were, if properly exploited, absolutely crippling to the busty woman.

"Really? You're slowing down, Bloodrose. I don't know what you think you were getting away with in this case..." The blonde-haired, red-lipped woman dressed in a blood-red outfit, from blouse to pants to shoes, looked down at the tips of Syia's blue boots. She knew better than to meet the heroine's eyes, and she struggled to release the field and disable her, but panic inhibited her ability. Bloodrose knew very well what Psyren could do if left unchecked. "Look at me," the heroine commanded, and there was a note of finality in her voice, a firm tone that would brook no interference. Without even meaning to, Bloodrose looked up.

Syia met Bloodrose's eyes and grinned, focusing her considerable will on the squirming woman, ignoring for the moment the urge to urinate that was tickling at her loins. "Now then, you're going to tell me exactly what..." The confident, bold command broke off in midsentence as Syia's power began to overtake Bloodrose's mind. Without her to maintain what she had been doing to Syia, the reality-warping field began to unravel, causing Syia to feel its effects starting from that moment... and it was a sensation that was at once amazing and terrifying. First the confused shock on her face as the urge to pee started to grow far too swiftly and intensely to be natural.

Then, the attempt to grit her teeth and ward it off so she could finish what she was doing, followed soon by the realization that this urge to pee was intense and would not be denied for very long, if at all. Syia went from her confident stride to hunched over, hopping and gasping, as she released the pale woman, who was still very much disoriented and out of commission for the time being, and frantically headed for the toilet, which she managed to reach just in time as she pulled down her skirt and panties. An incredibly strong jet of pee boiled into the waiting bowl, and Syia moaned with relief, figuring that she could pee now and deal with the woman later.

Syia didn't realize how incredibly stuffed full of pee her bladder actually was. When she had been sitting on the toilet for thirty seconds and peeing full blast without any noticeable change in either her urge or the power of the stream, a slight feeling of concern flickered across her face. Bloodrose, still unable to stand, had dragged herself over to the stall Syia was using; in her haste, Syia had failed to shut the door, and the woman grinned at her, propped up on one elbow.

"Oh, you won't be done for quite a while," she said to the heroine's amusement. "You quite literally have a week's worth of pee in your bladder, Psyren, and you're not getting off that toilet anytime soon..." Flushed, Syia tried to rise to the bait with a psychic lashing, but the act of peeing and her own concern were far too distracting to allow her to concentrate. Bloodrose grinned, knowing that the operation which she had been screening for was currently taking place, and Psyren would not be able to interfere until it was too late, peeing away her stamina into the toilet bowl. The strong stream continued as the one minute mark passed and Syia grew increasingly discomfited about her situation, yet the overwhelming relief sensation of urinating captivated her body, and she felt herself weakening slightly in response.

"Don't bullshit," she growled weakly, trying to shift gingerly on the seat so that the pee wouldn't start splashing out. "It's impossible to not pee for..." But when she thought about it, the convenient fog on her memories burned away before the focused thrust of her mind, and she realized the woman was right; since escaping that apartment earlier in the week, she hadn't peed, not once. And that had been with her usual routine of frequent drinks and lots of caffeine.

"What did you do?" she demanded of the woman, who was starting to recover, concerning Syia. But she didn't answer, and Syia felt the pee finally start to slow down when she had been peeing for near to two minutes, sighing in relief now that the ordeal was nearly over... except, she realized about fifteen seconds later, the small trickle to which her pee had been reduced wasn't stopping, and she felt no more relieved than she had before the pee had started. Even clenching her muscles didn't force the last bit out, and when the woman facing her began to chuckle, Syia flushed red. "Damn you!"

"I'm just... shall we say, bending the frame of reality a little?" the ruby-lipped woman said, running her tongue against her lips as she extended and changed the field to effect the pee that was now exiting her body, slowing it... forcing Psyren's pee to come out as a trickle instead of a flood, despite her madly quivering bladder. Psyren moaned. Her heels drummed uselessly on the floor of the bathroom, but she couldn't stop peeing, and Bloodrose giggled. "I want to see how long I can keep you on the toilet - unngh!" The blonde-haired woman suddenly felt a hammerblow, like a sledgehammer hitting into her eyes, and she stumbled backwards. The flow of pee accelerated again, much to the evident relief of Psyren, and Bloodrose's vision was doubled, her mind hazy.

Syia gasped with relief as the pee started again. She had become accustomed enough to the sensation of peeing to muster an attack, a weak one, but an attack that nonetheless struck home as the overconfident Bloodrose had not been expecting her to retaliate. Three minutes now... her bladder seemed to throb with the endless voiding, a muscle-tingling sensation that seemed to make her arms and legs want to go numb with the constant sensation. Syia tried to maintain her power at the ready, but the exhaustion caused by so much pee made it disappear again, like a rope of sand between her fingers, flowing down into her body to join the stream of pee that... Syia winced, trying not to think about it. But she didn't feel any more relieved, squirming about instead in desperation and a sensation that was becoming uncomfortably close to panic. The sound of splashing pee filled the void in between the two groaning women.

Bloodrose tried to sit upright, and succeeded, but had to grasp the lip of a sink to keep her balance. Her vision was slowly coming back together, and she noted with delight the moans of Psyren, but she couldn't focus enough to bring that other field back to bear, the one that would extend an already long pee into one that lasted half an hour or more... Wiping her hand across her face and squinting didn't help, but she could see that the figure on the toilet seat shifted uncomfortably, then wiggled her hips forward, as if trying to force more pee out. It was still jetting hard into the water, a strong yellow stream that escaped the woman's pussy lips and thundered down into the bowl of the toilet, where the sound echoed.

Bloodrose, unable to focus, instead lost herself in imagining what it might be like... "What's it like to pee so long, Psyren?" she asked softly, trying to project the illusion that she was more in control of herself than she actually was. "I've always been curious... what is it like to keep peeing for so very long without feeling the lovely relief?" She chuckled, a rich, deep sound, while giving her head a subtle shake to bring herself back together.

"Try it and see," Syia responded through gritted teeth, knowing that more than four minutes had passed with no end in sight. The constant pee torture was taking its toll on her body. Limbs felt weak and muscles rubbery, her eyes were drifting and her mind wouldn't stay focused.

"I would," Bloodrose said with a giggle, finally getting enough of her balance back to stand, even if her vision was still a little double. "But I don't know where I'd find someone wicked enough to be able to make me that desperate..." Oddly, Psyren seemed to blink hard and react to that statement. She couldn't imagine why. Had she just been seeing things? "Or, someone who was even worse... someone who made me carry a heavy iron ball of pee in my bladder for a long, long time... never letting me pee or feel relief, but never letting me wet myself either, just the constant, heavy feeling of desperation..." Psyren squealed and put her hands over her ears, blushing. It had been said almost sexually, as if it excited the blonde, severe woman... which, in truth, it did. Bloodrose rested a hand on Psyren's bladder and gave it a push; flailing ineffectually, Psyren tried to push her hands away, gasping and heaving as if she'd run a marathon.

Still the pee streamed, the battle of wills taking place over Syia's predicament. Neither was fully strong enough to land a decisive blow, now, so the exchange mostly consisted of psychological games, which Syia knew she was at a disadvantage in. She couldn't believe this sensation. It was the most extreme desperation urge she had ever felt, and by far the longest pee, but without the lovely relief after it was done... and yet it seemed, somehow, that peeing like this was sensual, that her body was growing warm from the effort of holding and peeing so hard. Angrily she pushed that thought away.

She held and peed because she had to, not because she wanted to... Five, six minutes after the pee had started, Syia wondered if the stream was abating a little bit, or if she was imagining it. Bloodrose had gone silent, mostly just watching her and grinning, occasionally teasing her with a finger in the belly which Syia fought off. She was surprised her belly was not the size of a watermelon, but if the field really warped reality as had been claimed... who knew how much pee was in there? Syia tried to calculate the possible amount she had to drink over those days that she had not peed, but gave up after a minute. It was too hard to focus like this...

Bloodrose smirked. Seven minutes now, and Psyren was virtually vegetating, the strain of nonstop urination finally starting to overwhelm her. There was more that could possibly be done, but the honey-haired woman decided that now was a good time to make good her escape - she'd verified that Psyren would not be meddling in anyone's affairs for at least the rest of the day, and in fact her mind had leapt ahead to the next encounter, wondering how she would choose to exploit this delightful weak point of Psyren's. Perhaps, she considered as she walked off, to use the same compression technique, but compress drinks... what if she could somehow break into Psyren's house, or find what she was going to drink, and supercompress all of her beverages? Hmm... Ruby lips curled at the thought of it. Trying not to giggle to herself too much, she left the club and disappeared into the darkness, leaving a helplessly urinating heroine sitting weakly upon a toilet seat.

Eight minutes. Nine minutes. And finally, Syia's mind noted with a relief so profound it brought tears to her eyes, the amount of pee in her body felt like it was decreasing... the trickling and voiding of every last bit of urine took her some time more, and it was ten minutes after the pee had started that Syia slumped backwards, head against the wall, and took a few deep breaths to steady herself. This was going to get to be a major problem if she didn't figure out what to do soon - ever since learning that peeing was a weak point of hers, she'd been running into more and more villains trying to get her bladder-bustingly desperate.

Shaking her head, she tried to clear her mind and stand up, legs wobbling as she took care of the hygienic matters and then flushed the toilet. Okay, she thought to herself, there was a problem here, but there was also a solution. During that brief period of time when she'd gotten accustomed to the peeing and was not yet too weak, she'd found her power again and struck back. Maybe, she pondered as she washed her hands, and then made an excuse to the young man she'd been speaking with (to his obvious disappointment) before leaving. Okay, she thought again, looking at herself in the car's rearview mirror as she got seated and buckled in. There is a problem, but maybe I have a solution for it... but, how to pull it off...?

###

Syia wondered what she was doing here. This was crazy. It was stupid. It likely wasn't going to work and would get her in a lot of trouble. But, it was the only honest method she could devise that would actually help her... and, in a face-to-face confrontation, she needn't fear for herself. Adjusting her jeans, she took a breath to steady herself, and knocked upon the door in front of her twice, waiting for a reply. Syia stood before the door to the apartment she had escaped not too long ago - the apartment she assumed that belonged to the teasing young man who'd held her in thrall.

She didn't actually know his name, oddly enough... the door opened, and Syia had the momentary satisfaction of seeing surprised shock register in those blue eyes of hers. "Can I come in?" she asked, while at the same time nudging her way into the opened door, not letting him say no. Dumbly, he nodded, his eyes instantly suspicious as he gestured for her to follow, and they ended up seated around a round table in his kitchenette.

"Why are you here?" the young man... he looked almost like a boy, thin and with soft features. "This is a trick, right?" Suspicion cast his gaze and his words with a hard edge.

"Actually, I've come to ask for your help," Syia explained, meeting his gaze levelly and feeling the satisfaction of him quailing from her eyes. "Something that will benefit both of us."

"Why should I help you?" he retorted, apparently frustrated by his inability to meet her head-on. Syia's smirk at easily besting his mental probes didn't help his temper in the matter; once alerted, Syia's ability was second to none, and he knew quite well that he was fully at her mercy. But the surreality of her sitting at his table like this... and asking for help? It boggled him, and he was thrown far off balance, probably as she had calculated.

"Because you'll want to," Syia said. "Listen. Hear me out. I know that you aren't an unreasonable ass like the rest of those after me, which is why I'm here and not anywhere else. I'm not asking you to help me for free. I'm not that stupid." Syia settled back and, as she had planned, took out a bottle of water from her handbag, unscrewing the top and taking a small sip of it before setting it on the table, cap off. His eyes darted to it. So eager, Syia thought with a grin. "Here's the issue. I need to be able to focus when I have to pee." That got his attention, and some of the uneasiness fled from his eyes, although he was still wary. "That's right. I want to train so that I'm not totally helpless when I have to pee unbearably bad, when my bladder is busting at the seams and I want to leak." The language was calculated to draw him in. Syia took a longer drink of her water and waited for his reaction.

"I'm listening," he said guardedly.

"I thought at first I would just train myself by holding lots of liquid for a long time," she said with a wink. Time to hook him. "But then I recalled what's been happening. You guys don't just stop at the liquid part. There's drugs, there's difficult or embarrassing situations, there's creative means to get me to drink more than I can possibly hold. I don't think that way. I'd never be able to prepare for having something icy cold tease my bladder when it's full of pee." He seemed to be getting slightly agitated from all of this, as if talking about it had brought forth the urge to do it.

Syia paused for a bit before going on: "But I know that you're creative and twisted enough to think of these kinds of things. To come up with the kind of absurd, insane tricks they'd pull to pack gallons in my bladder and torture my muscles from every conceivable angle. And even just aside from that, you'd enjoy keeping me full and making me wet enough to take me up in this endeavor." Syia leaned forward a little, winking at him. "Because what I'd be asking you to do is train me to deal with a full, tortured bladder by making me deal with it constantly. If I can get used to the feeling..."

"You can use your power," he interjected, suddenly seeing where this was going. He leaned back in his chair to think, considering the grinning woman to the other side of the table. He was cautious, of course. He was thoughtful. He didn't want to walk into a trap, but what she was offering was virtually a dream come true; the opportunity to practice every kind of pee torture his mind could devise, all while she'd be giving her utmost at holding it back. Concern for the others who might find their practices diluted by this training was brushed aside in an instant.

If he got to make this beauty squirm to his heart's content, what the hell did he care if some attempt at theft or hacking was thwarted because Psyren was able to focus her power while needing to pee? Of course, he didn't realize that his pensiveness was written all over his face, and even without psychic abilities Syia could have read what he was thinking just then. Clearing his throat, and trying not to appear too eager, he asked, "How would we carry out this arrangement?" The answer had his heart virtually leaping into his throat:

"I'd stay here. I already have taken the appropriate actions to secure leave from work for a while." Syia giggled, and then lowered her voice to a sultry, soft tone: "You can do anything you want, really. I'd answer any questions you have, and follow instructions within reason to further the training." He seemed to be considering that for a long time, before he pushed back his chair and rose, opening a drawer. Syia couldn't see what he was looking for, but heard the distinctive rattle of pills in bottles, and when he turned around, two tablets were in his hand, which were promptly dropped into the open neck of the water bottle.

Syia didn't say anything, but waited until they had dissolved in the water, and then tilted the bottle so she could drink from it. He put a finger on the bottle's underside when it was upended, keeping her from setting it back down again, and she didn't resist, keeping the water bottle tilted until the last of the liter's worth of water had slipped down her throat. When she looked at him again, his eyes were wide, as if he couldn't believe what he'd just seen. "What's your name? And do you always use pills?"

"Erm... I'm Pryx," he stammered, shaking his head. "No, I usually use a stopper and a liquid. It doesn't leave residue and is harder to see or to taste than a pill. Well, um... hm." Slowly shaking off his awkwardness, the idea that this wasn't a trick or a gag or a dream filtering down into his conscious, Pryx looked at Syia with less anxiety than before. "In that case, I accept your offer. I'll train you in learning how to hold your pee." Syia grinned broadly. "And if that's the way it will be, then we should get started right away."

About fifteen minutes later Syia was in a room that seemed totally empty aside from padded mats covering the floor. There was, however, two closets which she had peeked into when Pryx had gone off for a moment, filled to the brim with all sorts of equipment imaginable. At least she'd made a good decision, Syia thought with a smirk. Pryx had left her with two more liter bottles of water to drink and a skintight white bodysuit to change into, then went off to change himself. Syia had already started feeling the effects of the liquid on her bladder when Pryx returned, a set of magic fingers - vibrating devices that attached to the fingertips - on each hand, and wearing his own skintight black bodysuit. Syia wiggled her legs slightly but smiled at him. He was pretty easy on the eyes, after all... "How good are you at physical combat?" he asked, turning the devices he wore on.

"Terrible," Syia said bluntly. "I usually prefer not to actually have to hit something." Her bladder had filled rapidly, presenting her with that familiar desperate urge just below her stomach. The vibrating fingers gave her an idea of what was going to happen...

"We'll start pretty simple," Pryx said, "since I didn't have much time to prepare, but we're going to have a friendly little match, except that you lose when you pee yourself." The white suit made sense to Syia now, as it would show pee very easily if she wet herself.

"I'll go easy on you at first, but the idea is to hold your pee as long as you can. I know you can do a pretty good job of that, so every fifteen minutes we'll break and you'll drink another liter of water." Syia nodded, and without warning Pryx lunged at her, feinting one way and then quickly slipping around behind her, the vibrating fingers landing on her throbbing bladder, making Syia squeal and cross her legs. Taking advantage of that, he pushed her forward, making Syia thud down onto the padded mats, not hurting her, but squashing her bladder against the floor and jolting it. Gasping, Syia tightened her kegal muscles, and then tensed up as the vibrating fingertips splayed against either one of her sides, and made her giggle slightly.

That was a mistake, she realized a second later, as Pryx flipped off the fingertips and straddled her rear end - she smirked slightly as she felt something quite firm press against her ass, but then her grin was lost as his fingers started tickling her sides. "NOohohooo, wait, ehehehehe wait wait that's not...!" Syia giggled, shaking her head and pounding her fists on the matted floor, trying desperately to wiggle forward and out from under him, wincing as the laughter almost made her bladder spasm, coupled with the rough pressure and rubbing against the ground she was causing in her attempts to escape...

Giggling like a silly schoolgirl, Syia managed to squirt forward, thanks to the slick material of the bodysuit she wore, but roared with laughter when he caught a foot and started tickling it feverishly with his fingernails. Syia made him give that up with frantic flailing kicks using her free foot, and rolled to her feet, but just that exertion had caused her bladder, which had been sort of slowly swelling before, to start throbbing with desperate need, agitated by the tickling and the physical exertions.

"If you can bear it for a while, it starts to settle down, usually," Pryx said, reattaching the vibrating clips he had discarded and standing up again. "But then again, you probably won't have it that easy, since you had a double dose of a powerful diuretic." Syia had suspected as much, and Pryx's confident stride towards her was hard to match when she was huched over with her legs crossed. "See, that puts you at a huge disadvantage, needing to hunch over like that," he explained, grinning as he ran his fingers along her inner thighs and smirking at the surprised gasp it elicited, ducking and rolling his head as she frantically swatted at him.

"It'll never be fair, Syia," he whispered to her, pressing her up against the wall, his tone suddenly passionate. "Every single dirty trick that can be come up with to make you pee your panties will be used - diuretics, vibrators, tickling, warm water, cold water, fighting, massaging, and all sorts of things to go inside you and play with your muscles, your nerves, even your capacity..."Just as suddenly as the fingers had come on, they backed off, and Syia tried to straighten up and stand normally, getting her breathing under control. It did help to stand normally, though her bladder throbbed and burned, pee insistently teasing her muscles demanding to be let loose. A water bottle was thrust into her hands, and she drank.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" she said with a slightly accusing glare between his legs, which did at least make him blush and cover the awkward lump. But sexual control was just another form of mental control, and Syia was adept at almost all kinds, prude about none. She just grinned and tossed the bottle aside, admitting to herself that his greatest fantasy had walked into his house and was standing before him in a sexy tight bodysuit...

The reverie was interrupted, as Syia felt her stomach rapidly processing the water she had drank, by his fingers teasing against her back this time, near her kidneys, and the vibrations made her squirm awkwardly before his arms and legs went into a flurry of motion, resulting in Syia suddenly laying on her side, one leg raised in the air and the other pinned to the ground, her face partly pressed to the mat and her arms trapped under his body and hers, the vibrating fingers of one hand insistently pressing at the lower part of her bladder. They circled slightly, a massage that made Syia gasp, but her legs were forced open now and her muscles had to clench hard to keep the pee inside. It wasn't as difficult to resist as the previous torture he had employed on her, but having the freedom to move and struggle somehow made it harder to focus entirely on her bladder... and being tangled with him like this was ever so vaguely sensual.

Syia tried to free herself, but couldn't escape the grip that pinned her to the floor, squirming and getting more desperate as the buzzing fingers took their toll upon her bladder, trying everything she could think of to escape... "Now you're just wearing yourself out, Syia," Pryx teased. "In this kind of position, if you don't know much about physical combat, you'll just waste strength and distract yourself from not peeing." A finger touched very precisely between her legs, stroking her pussy gently, and then focusing on her urethra. The shock of it made Syia's eyes go wide, and when he continued to buzz on that area, her body writhed, muscles tensing and quivering... "Did I find a weak spot?" he asked with a kind of teasing eagerness, and Syia had to nod. He temporarily gave her a break, resting the vibrating finger on her thigh so she could speak.

"Urethra is... a really weak spot," she confessed, red in the cheeks as her voice trembled out past her stiff lips. "It was such absolute torture when you teased it. I..." Syia went further red in the face, not able to bring herself to admit that maybe she had enjoyed that brief teasing of her urethral opening, but wasn't given the chance to say more, because Pryx had changed tacks and was now vibrating her clit between two fingers, rolling it around and gently pulling at it.

The sudden change in sensation was difficult to defend against, and Syia felt the boiling pressure of her pee rise and then intensify as the different sensation assailed her. It was terribly distracting - there was no way to relax and enjoy one sensation while holding back the other as hard as she could, and she couldn't very well deny that having her clit vibrated through the thin suit felt amazingly good... Syia was determined to try not to orgasm, and so she held back as hard as she could, focusing all of her will on keeping her urethra tightly sealed...

Which just meant that when Pryx suddenly touched a bare foot with his fingertip and Syia squealed, the surprise of it all led a tiny squirt of pee to escape, staining the crotch of her suit. "Mmm... about to leak again, are we?" he asked, in that soft, teasing voice he had, much to Syia's chagrin as her cheeks flushed when the vibrator started moving around on the wet spot. With a shock she realized that she had stopped fighting against his grip, laying helplessly there on the mat while he teased her. It was so difficult to focus on not peeing and do something else at the same time...

She tried to struggle once more, but then her attention slipped dangerously away from her ominously throbbing bladder, the ring of muscle holding her pee in about to give way once more... though the amount of liquid and the teasing was far below the usual threshold, the unusual circumstances plus the highly powerful diuretic she'd had now filled her bladder to the bursting point, yet Syia tried to ignore the thought of letting go and held on gamely, unable to do anything but sit there and force herself to clench. "You look like you're in so much pain, Syia," Pryx said almost as if he were hurt, though a roguish grin graced his lips. "Stop being so tense. You just need to hold, not to crush your urethra."

"It's so hard to hold unless I clench like that," Syia mumbled through gritted teeth.

Pryx nodded. "But you waste so much energy on clenching like that... Relax a little, go with the flow... so to speak. Don't let it dominate you so much. That's the problem, you let the fact that you have to pee overwhelm you and then you lose focus on everything else..." Syia, trying to take that advice, took a deep breath and then let it out, allowing her muscles to relax slightly... and when she did that, Pryx suddenly tickled her sides and ribs viciously, making Syia yelp with surprise and start thrashing again, the shock of it breaking the hold of her relaxed muscles and resulting in a soft hiss of pee against the crotch of the outfit.

Syia moaned in dismay, relaxing and her struggles easing as she felt the hot pee drain out of her, feeling so good... Pryx stroked her forehead and grinned, letting her out of the hold and rubbing her stomach as she peed, getting the mats wet as well as soaking the legs of her suit, and when she had finally finished Pryx helped her sit up and gave her a smaller bottle of water. "Well, that wasn't so bad for a first try," he said, trying to appear caring even as his dick virtually leapt up off of his body. "We'll get another chance to try again soon, but I don't want you peeing without permission from now on, okay?" Syia nodded, and Pryx grinned.

"Good. Go take a shower."

