Harry and Draco big time omorashi

Author: Ranma23

*000*2012-02-03 19:43

(hope my english is not too bad! enjoy)

Potions

Harry woke up earlier than anyone else that morning and very relaxed, he took a long hot shower, got dressed and went out of the common room.

Being that early he decided to visit Hagrid before brekfast.

When he got back to the school he realized the weather was getting pretty cold. he thought it might snow soon. Due to the cold and the huge cup of tea that Hagrid offered him, Harry felt a little twinch in his bladder but it was such a light one that he didn't worried about.

Being a 16 years old boy in full health, he had a very big and elastic bladder therefore he was used to hold his pee for a long time or drink a lot without worries. Because of it tho, he was always too sure of not needing a bathroom and usually would feel a urge when his bladder was already too full.

Harry met Ron and Hermione at breakfas table. Ron poured a big glass of juice to him and he drank it all chatting with him and Hermione , later he had a large cup of coffee and they all headed to class.

Potions class.

Piton wrote the potion's instruction on the chalkboard " I will check on you in 15 minutes" he said and disappear in his office.

Hermione was very excited about the new potion they were learning.

Harry was working on his cauldron but he was a little distracted, he felt a twinch in his bladder ."I could have gone to the bathroom before class" he thought

15 minutes into the work, Ron was holding his head in his hands, in front of a cauldron containing a shoking pink liquid while the right colour was supposed to be light yellow...

Draco, who was sitting not far from them, said "what's the matter Wesley? did you drop your lipstick in it? Draco and his friends loughed hard.

"shut up Malfoy!" Said Harry without even watching him.

Ron was almost criyng, reminding that Snape got him detention last week, for not being able to make his potion right and he was being mean to him lately. He couldn't really afford another failure in potions class.

"there is Potter, coming to his girlfriend's defence! so cute" said Draco making stupid mime of the 2 of them kissing

Harry didn't say anything triyng to contain his rage. He heard Professor Snape coming back from the office. Right before the professor came out of the door he exchanged his cauldron with Ron's. Ron gave him a surprised look.

But before snape could get to check on them, Remus knoked the door and got him out of class for a talk.

As soon as they where alone Draco attacked Harry " hey that's pathetic Potter!! like Snape would not notice!!"

"he won't" said Harry trying to be calm, while a little pressure was growing in his lower abdome.

"Wesley I thought your baby sitter was Lady Granger of the Mudblood! how come she is not helping you?"

Ron was red in the face for the rage he jumped in his direction but Draco, faster than him, trowed a spell and the kid remined sit becoming a stone statue.

"Ron! " cried Hermione

Draco and friends were laughing at him

"No Harry!" said Hermione seeing that Harry throwed a spell on draco and his friens giving them a pig face. They started oinking loud. the whole class was laughing

Snape and Remus irrupted in the room " what the howl is going on here??!" yelled Snape. A sudden silence pervaded the room.

He was furious. took his wand out, cancelled al the spells and said "Potter and Malfoy you may not leave the class today!"

Then he checked out the potions "Plus 5 points to Griffendor for Ron's perfect potion" Ron had a weak smile on his face and a grateful look to Harry..."And minus 10 points for Harry's horrible potion.." Ron's smile dropped on the floor.

"I'm sorry Harry, and thank you " wispeared Ron leaving the class 15 minutes later, also Hermione was sad for Harry. "I'll be fine" he said

The room emptied.

Harry felt the pressure in his bladder gettin to a critic point. He squirmed a bit and giggled on his chair. one hour and a half was passed from breckfast and he was cursing the cup of coffe he drank.

Draco didn't notice, on the contrary he was felling very good bladderwise, he didn't have almost anything to drink tha t mornig.

Snape Talked to them about how bad was their behaviour at that age and how they should not use their magic in class outside of the class propouses. He took their wands for the whole detention time. then he thad a 10 minutes talk.

Now Harry's bladder was starting to be full, and was giving him urge signal every 10 minurtes or so. He squirmed again. but he felt like he could hold a bit longer. Hopefully to the end of detention...

And Snape said " Now write down this potions" writing on the chalkboard " then go to the big table and work on it! You won't get out untill all these 3 potions are perfect! I'll be in my office" and he exit the room

Harry was uncorfotable now, his right leg bouncing constantly to contain the urge. he squized his thighs toghther a coouple of times.

"something wrong Potter?" asked Draco

"I'm fine" said Harry serious without looking at him. He was concentrating on holding.

After a while they were done copiyng the board it was time to get to the table.

Now Harry wasn't sure about standing up. Being sitting, so far, has been helping out holding the pressure but now he had to stand still in front of a table and prepare the potion.

He decided to get up, he did, and for a second he stopped half way, waist bent. He squirmed and gasped, but didn't need to hold himself yet. "ssssssss" he moaned between his teeth.

" Do you need a bathroom Potter? You should have gone before...You know how Snape is about leaving the class... " said Draco smiling.

"this is none of your business Malfoy" said Harry and stood up regaining a normal position even tho a bit tense. He perfecly knew Snape would not let him go before the end of detention, but he was still hoping he would eventually. His bladder was so full he could feel it at the waist of his trousers that had never been that tight. He wished he could unzip them...

He walked over to the table.

He took place on Draco's side, because there were only those two close cooking plan prepared for them, and started to collect all the ingredients.

The problem was he realised he couldn't really stand still.

He started shifting waight from foot to foot, trying not to be too obvious, then he walked around the room to get ingredients and he would get the wrong ones on porpouse to be able to walk again to the shelves. walking was helping a lot and actually he realized it was the only thing to do. He realized he was so close to the limit that had to give it a try and knoked at Snapes office trying to stand still in front of the professor. " what is it that you need Potter?"

" Sir, please can I go tho the bathroom?" said Harry and he couldn't help bending a little at the waist and shifting weight.

" I Thought I've been clear before: no one leaves the room before the 3 potions are perfectly done"

Harry's eyes where filling up in tears " Sir, I REALLY have to go! Please!" he squirmed heavily

"Potter, do not insist. Back to work. Now"

Snape entered the room past Harry and reached the desk where he could see the kids from and took a sit writing some papers.

Harry was on the verge of crying but clenched his muscles and tried to hold on.

"Potter ? ...good luck ...." wispered Draco in his ear passing close to him to reach the shelf with a mean smile on his face.

Harry couldn't stop moving around he walked to the shelves trying to move around and as he was there he felt a big wave of urge and fell on one knee clutching his thighs like mad. he kept the position for few seconds pretending to read on some bottles on the lower shelf. his hand was shaking a bit.

"what are you looking for Potter?" said Snape from the desk

"er.. hum... lizard's liver Sir!" answerd harry with a broken voice

"That's there " Said Snape pointing a higher shelf on his left

"ah.. thank you Sir.." Harry muggled but couldn't get up yet.

"So what are you waiting for Potter?" said Snape getting up and going his direction

Harry panicked but kept clenching his thighs in tha tposition.

Snape stopped in front of him " will you tand up and get to work?" Harry took a deep breath and put all his strenght in standing up he took the bottle on the shelf and walked fast at the table

Snape returned at the desk

" uh....uh.." sighed Harry while he was squirming heavily triyng to stand still for cutting some roots on a wooden board. His hands felt numb, all the strenght of his whole body was dragged to his lower abdome. He was doing his job even too well, considering the pressure, but he was felling very ridiculus... now his predicament was so obvious.

He was lifting one knee at a time bringing it up and down, the table and bending at the waist without rest.

His face was contracted and his eyes watering, suddenly he rested his hands on the table dropping the tools. he squirmed violently bent forward and backed up away from the table , he walked back and forth 3 or 4 times trying to gain control.

" back to work Potter" Said Snape from the desk

"Sir, Please I can't hold it any more!" said Harry with higher ton of voice

"I don't want to hear another word from you Potter" said Snape

Harry tried hard again, took his tools and went back to work but his knees couldn't stop lifting ad he was bending costantly at the waist still trying to cut the root with terrible results.

He felt a sprout . he gasped and crossed his legs tight, his hands, still holindg a root and a small knife hir wrists on the edge of the table, bent over, frantic.

Draco looked at him, almost enjoying the show and wispered " Potter don't have an accident in front of me please...I'd be shocked!" and then " aww... i whish i had a pint of clear and cold butterbier... don't you?"

At the thought of cold liquids Harry dropped the root and the tools to hold he table edge and sinked on one knee again.

" I can't ...I can't hold it... I have to pee ... help... "

Draco stopped being mean, his predicament was so frantic that he realized Harry wasn't gonna make it to a toilet for sure... and felt bad for him.

Harry was stuck in this position, one knee on the floor foot tip pressing on the floor, the other knee bent in front thighs pressing toghether on his uretra trying desperately to old the flood. his arm hanging to the table edge and his back straighten .

He felt another small sprout escaping in his underwear, shoved a hand on his crotch and clenched it for dear life. With the other hand still holding the edge of the table to keep his balance

A tear went down his cheek.

"damn! I'm peeing.... Im peeing..."

He realized he stopped the flood so far, but he couldn't move any more, any movement would make him loose it all.

"Harry..." Said Draco embarrassed

His words came like from underwater to Harry that was almost fainting in the effort to hold, he was shaking now like crazy and pressing his uretra ritmically with his hand ans swinging lightly back and forth. He was breathing shotly and fast because even the air in his lungs was pressing on his dramatically swallen bladder.

In that moment Remus knoked and entered the class door

"Snape, excuse me can I.... Hey Harry! wat's going on??" said Remus seeing Harry holding himself clenched to the table and crying .

"Snape what's this?"

The two professors exchanged an icy glance. Remus suddenly knew Snape was torturing poor Harry and walked to Harry's side saying" Harry come with me"

"I can't .... "cried Harry in pain

Remus bent at his height and wispered " yes you can, I give you permission to leave this room! are you ok?"

"Sorry...I can't move...I need to go to the bathroom... I can't hold it any more.... " said Harry between tears

Remus felt a wave of compassion for that boy blushing and tearing like a baby "come with me Harry I'll bring you to the bathroom"

Draco was watching them embarassed trying to be invisible

"back to work Malfoy " said Snape who was watching from the desk

" I can't move..." said Harry shaking

Remus put a hand on his shoulder and said " just try ok?"

"damn it!" said Harry between his teeth squirming in place "I am peeing trhough my fingers!"

A small wet pouch apperad on his crotch "uh.....uh..." sighed Harry

"come on rush to the bathroom Harry" said Remus, then to Snape "what were you thinking Snape? can't you see he's bursting? this is mean, I will report to Dumbeldore! "

Snape walked to them and said "he is under my detention today, you may leave the room Remus" then grabbed Harry's arm and pulled him up "nooo please!" cried Harry

A splashing sound echoed in the room Harry bent over lifted one knee and squized hard his crotch to stop the flood triyng to free the othe arm in Snape's hand but he wouldn't let him go.

A second splash echoed, Harry gasped and shaking and a third splash was heard.

Draco was now watching the terrible show with wide open eyes he felt very bad for Harry in that moment.

Remus took Harry's arm from Snapes Hand and pulled the kid towards himself . Harry made one step, and another huge sprout of pee splashed on the floor.

"Let it go Harry, just let it go or you'll be sick" said Remus

But there was no need to sai it, Harry couldn't just top the flood and it it splashed all in a huge puddle.

Remus was surprised at the amount of liquid he was holding.

When Harry managed to stop he dragged him away and out of the room.

" Draco" said Snape " clean this mess up" and entered his office slamming the door

Draco was petrified from the whole scene... "but... I don't have my wand!... wait!" he yelled.

Remus dragged Harry into his office making sure anyone saw them in the allway, once in the office Remus took his wand with the intention of cleaning the kid up.

" Harry are you ok? " asked when realized Harry was still squeezing his crotch and fidgeting

"I'm not finished..." said Harry still shaking and in tears...

"here" said Remus opening the bathroom door of his office

Harry jumped into it and, without even closing the door, unzipped his pants and peed for half a minute, full force, into the toilet" when he was done Remus cleaned him up with magic.

15 minutes later Harry was sitting exausted on an armchair in front of Remus with a sad and imbarrassed look on his face, he was stearing the carpet.

"I'm so sorry Harry... I promise this will not happen again"

Harry didn't say anything.

In the afternoon Harry was heading to the common room and ran into Draco

Draco glanced down at the sight of Harry but as he passed by Draco stopped and walked to him in the empty allway.

" I almost had to clean your pee you know? "

" I hope you did" said Harry angry. He was embarrassed but try not to show it

"I didn't actually. Snape came back after telling me to clean up and did it himself with magic"

"I see" said Harry, looked away and move tow step forward leaving Draco behind

"hem.. " said Draco. " I will not tell anybody about your accident" and blushed

Harry stopped without turnig back to him. He didn't expect this and blushed too " thank you" said quietly "I have to go doing my homework now, excuse me"

He walked away, he was still pissed at him but a little relieved about what he said.

