Sneaking Out (Avatar: The Last Airbender)

Author: gonne

*000*2015-11-11 00:21

So it's been a while since I've posted a story on here, but I've been working on other writing projects lately. I decided I wanted to do another Toph story. The timing of this story isn't completely obvious, so I'm just going to go with it taking place a year or two after The Rift.

Toph awoke with a sense of urgency. Her sleep muddled brain slowly processed the feeling, coming to the conclusion that it was probably because she needed to piss.

No. She didn't need to go that badly. What was this about then? Her eyes cracked open slightly as she sucked in a deep breath, the scent of musky sweat rushing in through her nostrils. She felt the heat of another human body beside her and she smiled tiredly.

Right. She had spent the night with Satoru.

She had spent the night with Satoru in the small room he had above the Earthen Fire Refinery, where Toph had brought her metalbending students to help with the machines. Her students, who were in an inn on the other side of the small town, waiting for her to bring them to the refinery, which was owned by her father. That's right, her father was planning on greeting her at the refinery in the morning... Toph's eyes snapped open fully.

Shit.

She sat up abruptly, feeling the sudden movement shift the liquid that had settled into her bladder overnight. She wasn't supposed to fall asleep! She fumbled desperately with the bed sheets, trying to get them out of the way as she clumsily attempted to swing her uncooperative feet out of the bed and onto the floor. She succeeded, but only after kicking Satoru roughly in what she assumed to be his shin.

"Hngh, wha?" she heard him say sleepily. The movement of his body shifted the mattress underneath her.

Her feet hit the ground and she could finally feel the room properly. How long had she been asleep? Was it light out yet? Maybe she could still sneak out before anyone else woke up.

She stumbled across the room, grabbing her pants and tripping over one of Satoru's shoes in the process. She stopped her fall by grabbing the windowsill and felt the heat of the sun warm up the back of her hand.

"Fuck," she said out loud. "It's morning, isn't it."

"Mmm, ya," said Satoru sleepily from the bed. "You don't have any clothes on..."

There was a pause during which Toph assumed his brain was processing the situation in a similar way hers had just a moment ago. She felt him shift even more on the bed, but her tired feet were having trouble making out his movements through the softness of the mattress.

"You shouldn't still be here!" he finally hissed.

"You think I don't know that?!" she hissed back as she quickly pulled her pants up over her naked legs. She grabbed her shirt off the floor and quickly pulled it on. She would worry about wrapping her breasts back at the inn. They were small enough that it didn't matter anyway.

"Maybe you can still sneak out." Toph felt Satoru's foot hit the floor as he climbed out of bed. She took a moment to admire his naked body as he came into her vision. She smiled slightly, but as her focus shifted to the rooms around his and the space outside the door, her smile faded.

"I don't think so," she whispered in a hushed voice. She felt her bladder throb and she shifted her weight a bit.

"What's wrong?" Satoru asked hurriedly. "I didn't hurt you last night, did I?"

"Of course not, you idiot! I have to go to the bathroom."

Toph felt around the room again, trying to think up a way to get out of Satoru's room without being caught. If any of the workers saw her they might mention it to her father, and if there was anything that wasn't befitting a lady of proper society, it was premarital sex. Fuck, she'd just gotten back on good terms with her parents too!

"Oh ya," Satoru said. "Me too."

"Now what do we do?" Toph asked. "How am I supposed to get out of here without being seen? There's people outside!"

"Are you sure?"

"I'm positive. I can see them with my earthbending remember?"

"I should double check anyway," Satoru said nervously as he threw on a robe and headed for the door.

"What do you mean you should check? My feet don't lie!"

But he'd already cracked the door open and slipped outside.

"You're going to take a piss, aren't you?" Toph hissed as he disappeared. "Traitor!"

Toph paced around Satoru's room as she felt him walk towards the bathroom. She wanted desperately to be in his place at that moment now that she'd realised her own bladder was much fuller than she had originally thought. She pressed her legs together and tried to think of something else.

When Satoru returned from the bathroom, Toph was angrily shoving her hair into its usual bun.

"Sorry about that," Satoru said. "I really had to go. You were right, by the way. There's too many people out there. There's no way you could sneak out without being seen."

"Why do the factory workers have to get up so early?" Toph asked, dejected.

"Your father runs a tight ship."

"Tell me about it."

"So... sucking it up and getting caught is completely out of the question then, huh?" Satoru asked as Toph shifted her weight again. Her bladder was throbbing more urgently now and she was starting to think that getting out of there without being seen wasn't going to remain her top priority for much longer.

"Best case scenario, you get fired and I have to run away all over again," she replied. "I'll probably have to leave the Earth Kingdom completely this time. Maybe restart my metalbending academy in the Fire Nation..."

"For some reason I don't see that working out very well."

"So let's think of a way to get me out of here!" Toph was hit with a sudden wave of desperation and hunched over with a groan. Shit, she needed to go bad.

"Are you okay?" Satoru asked, rushing to her side. He grabbed her by the shoulders.

"No!" Toph snapped. "I already told you, I have to pee!"

"Right." He rubbed her back as Toph slowly regained control of herself. Once she was standing upright again, Toph began to tap her foot urgently while Satoru wandered over to the window. "I think that's your dad's carriage out there," he said.

Toph cursed. She was having a hard time trying to think of a way out of this mess when all she could think about was relaxing her full bladder. But the longer she waited, the less likely she was going to be able to get out of there, and the fuller her bladder became.

She began to feel around the room with her earthbending. Maybe Satoru had something she could piss in.

"What are you thinking?" Satoru asked.

"I'm thinking I need to pee too desperately to do anything useful right now," Toph replied. Her feet were firmly set on the floor now, but her hand had started tapping anxiously on her thigh. "Hey you've got a bowl on your desk. Maybe I can use that!" Toph started walking towards the desk as Satoru did a double take.

"What? No!" he exclaimed. "That's for rice!"

"Now it's for wetting," Toph responded, snatching it off the table.

Satoru grabbed her wrist in an attempt to stop her. "You are not peeing in my rice bowl!"

After years of earthbending, Toph wasn't exactly lacking in muscle. Unfortunately for Satoru, that meant she was able to pull out of his grip with ease. He spluttered as she walked briskly to the other side of the room, but she was forced to double over once again when her bladder screamed at her for release. She grabbed onto the bed and stomped one foot as she clenched every available muscle to stop herself from leaking.

Don'tpeeDon'tpeeDon'tpee...

Satoru was glancing nervously at her as she struggled for control, but his gaze shifted back out the window. Whatever he saw out there, it had his heart racing.

"Okay, fine. Hurry up!" he whispered urgently.

Toph dropped the bowl on the floor while she crossed her legs, still barely in control of herself. But she was so close to being able to pee that it was incredibly hard to stop herself from letting loose right then and soaking straight through her only pair of pants.

She started to shimmy her pants down past her butt, but her crossed legs were making it impossible to pull them down far enough. Even though she was barely holding on, Toph took the plunge. In one swift motion she uncrossed her legs, yanked her pants down to her knees, and dropped her butt over the empty rice bowl at her feet. She was peeing before she was even in place, but luckily she was quick to adjust her positioning and only got a small splash on the floor. Satoru could deal with that later.

Toph sighed as her urine finally sprayed out of her. She could hear it hiss loudly as it left her body and splashed into the awaiting bowl. Sweet spirits, she felt so much better! Maybe soon she would be able to think clearly again.

The bowl was filling up quickly and Toph was starting to worry that maybe it wasn't quite big enough to hold a full night's worth of urine. But she continued to pee a forceful stream until she'd felt her bladder deflate to a much more comfortable state. The bowl was almost full, but she was almost done. She let her stream die down to a trickle and shook her butt a little to try and shake as many drops off as possible. She wasn't looking forward to feeling it dribble down her legs. She didn't have anything to wipe with and she wasn't wearing any underwear.

Toph stood up once she was fully done and pulled up her pants.

"Your dad's in the building!" Satoru hissed urgently.

"Ya, I know. I can feel him," Toph responded as she tied up her pants. "Is there anyone outside the window?"

Satoru looked outside and shook his head. "No," he said. "It looks like the carriage driver's wandered off to get breakfast or something."

"Good. Because I'm pretty sure I can just climb out the window."

"What?! We're three stories up!"

"Ya, the side of the building is made of metal. I can just bend some footholds for myself and then straighten everything out when I get to the bottom." Toph was already unlatching the window and hoisting it open.

"Why didn't you think of this before you peed in my rice bowl?!"

Toph paused. "Oh, I dunno," she said sarcastically. "Maybe because I was having trouble thinking straight." She smacked him hard on the arm before grabbing the metal bars outside his window and prying them open effortlessly.

She climbed out the window and kicked at the wall underneath, letting her foot sink into the metal. She stopped once she was fully outside and had bent the bars back into place, her head was level with Satoru's. She grinned.

"Don't forget to clean that up," she said. Pointing to the bowl by his bed.

Toph climbed down the wall and rushed back to the inn to get ready for the day.

