The Iron Queen - Page 3

Author: Pain

*041*2019-01-22 16:05

{{2 minutes ago, Bow2me said:

Make it to wear the young 16 year old has to go badly and has to beg the Queen to stop because she can't hold it

}}

Ok! I'll definitely try to do that! Any other suggestions or criticisms are most welcome!

*047*2019-01-23 13:30

{{8 hours ago, fortardball87 said:

For the 6th day, did you get a lot of inspiration from "She Can Wait" by holditin? The dialogue from the middle onward seemed very familiar

}}

Yes

{{7 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

My dear friend Pain, you will not believe I read these chapters twice since the morning and despite that it still gets me sooo excited. The way you build up your storyline and characters is simply mind-blowing. Often I have noticed that when dealing with prolonged desperation scenarios there is no way to up the game but you did it so well. Its so well written. Inspite of the fact that the queen has been holding for nearly 6 days now, it still feels that the build up is going on and there's more to come.

I can't wait to read the next part. Please please put continue this one

}}

Thank you so much Rexone, it means a lot coming from the person of whom I've been a fan since long. Thank you so much!

{{17 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

The queen has regained more control of her bladder, after the effect of the diuretic has worn off. But I wonder how long she will be the master of her bladder.

The ending hinted, that she may not be in control for too much longer. I am curious

Bow2me: Please do not quote full posts. It is quite tirering to scroll through a lot of text just to get to the replay.

}}

Thanks wedge, I'll try to up the ante from the next chapter! But the problem is that I haven't even started writing it, I'll have to push myself to finish it asap!

{{20 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Hot damn go queen charlotte I wish I could hold it for over five days like that

}}

Haha! Thank you so much dear!!

*048*2019-01-27 10:05

Day-VII

A Long Day

Lord Farlen woke up the next morning to the feeling of rustling in the covers. Rubbing his eyes, he discovered the reason for the noise was Queen Charlotte. She was awake, and evidently, her bladder was giving her problems, because she was moving her legs constantly under the covers.

Charlotte opened her eyes and soon noticed that Lord Farlen was awake too, “Oh! You’re up, my Lord! It was such a long night! My bladder has really swollen up when we were sleeping.”

It had been six days since the Queen’s last piss and her bladder was beginning to tremble a bit. Farlen looked at her and realized that she had announced that she was still holding to give him an opening to let her go and finally empty her tank. Though her demeanor was calm and composed, Farlen could tell she was nearing her limits. Or at least, so he thought. So he replied to her, “Oh yes, my Queen, you’re doing great! Let’s see how today goes! Or do you need relief now, with all the day still to come?”

The Queen’s smile faltered for a moment before she told him, “Oh, no, of course, I can last longer. It’s just that the corset becomes a bit uncomfortable while we are on the road. ”

He nodded, “Yes, I could see that. It’s a good thing you can still easily hold off, huh?”

“Erm…yes, of course, my Lord. Easily…” Charlotte said the last word with contempt as if it was the thing causing her all this pain instead of the monstrous amount of piss she was attempting to contain.

They both readied themselves to be on their way to Boarstall Tower. The Queen drank a liter of water, followed by a small jug of orange juice to top it up. The ride was getting painful for Her Highness who could hardly bear her bloating bladder being pounded by the immense amount of urine. Farlen could see that the Queen was now getting desperate for a release, her bladder was fatigued and it needed rest. He saw that she could not stop fanning her legs from time to time and place a hand on her bladder whenever she felt the organ ache.

They stopped at a tavern for lunch and Lord Farlen was once again shocked. He was sure that the strong-willed Queen was desperate to empty her bladder while they were on the road, but now here they were in public, by some monumental effort Queen Charlotte was standing straight up, walking normally, and looking as if she didn’t have a care in the world, much less a bladder that was inching towards an explosion and needed emptying in the worst way.

But the iron bladdered Queen wasn’t the only one who was getting desperate to empty her bladder. Elizabeth too needed to piss pretty badly by now, “My Queen, if you don’t mind, could I be excused but for a moment? I need to g-go ou-out a bit…” she asked, her voice shaking.

Her Highness looked at her, irate, “Whatever it is can wait till we are out of this dingy pile of logs they are calling an inn, now go and sit where you are supposed to, and do not go anywhere without my leave” the Queen commanded and Elizabeth quietly walked back to her place, feeling the fullness of her bladder. She had been foolish enough not to relieve herself on the only halt they had made through the day and now she was regretting it. She could have sneaked out of here and taken a piss in the woods but she didn’t want to risk not being there in case Her Highness called for her. That would definitely rouse the Queen’s wrath and she did not want to make her angry. She just hoped Her Highness would let her pee soon. She was really getting a bit desperate now.

The royal party stayed at the inn till late in the afternoon, and as the time passed Elizabeth couldn’t stop squirming in her seat. Queen Charlotte managed to keep up her façade of normalcy. The Queen even though her bladder was starting to make its presence felt, ordered the innkeep to bring her a beer and she drank till the keg was empty. Farlen couldn’t believe what he was seeing, with a six days full bladder Her Highness was able to talk rationally while sitting with her legs apart. Or maybe it was just a semblance of control she wanted to keep up.

On the other hand, Elizabeth was bursting for a piss now. She tried to ignore the urges rippling through her overfull bladder, her fear grew by each minute as the clatter of cutlery, thump of beer mugs on the table and the laughter of men filled her ears. She had been holding it in since morning and there was no way she could hold it much longer. Poor Elizabeth again left her seat and made small steps towards the Queen.

She crossed her legs and held her hands near her crotch, her fingers wiggling as she crossed and uncrossed them, “M-my Q-Queen, I-I really need to go out… I…” she couldn’t stop her lower lip from trembling.

“Don’t you have any manners, child?” Charlotte looked at her, “Didn’t I ask you to sit down, I’ll call for you when I need you.”

Elizabeth couldn’t say anything more. Defeated, she quietly went back and crossed her legs tight as she took her seat. She cursed the Queen for not letting her go, she was going to wet herself!

The Queen’s condition was no different. Even though the corset around her midriff was tight, her bladder had expanded so much that it was clearly bulging way outwards against the material, pushing her skirts to form a massive bulge on the front. Her control was still in place though, and she was putting the iron tank to good use.

But unlike her, Elizabeth did not have an iron tank. The poor girl clenched her fist over the table as she grabbed her crotch, trying her hardest to avoid having an accident. But then suddenly, she felt a small stream escape into her small clothes before she cut off the flow. Her eyes widened in horror. There was no way she could wait any longer, she would have to ask Her Highness for the permission to go, or it would be too late!

Elizabeth quickly hobbled her way to where Charlotte sat, her bladder too full to even stand up straight, “M-my Q-Queen, I…I…I…r-reaalllyy n-nneed…” was all that she could manage before a sudden stream started to escape her, there was no time to stop it. The girl held the table for support as she tried to cross her legs tighter in the last ditch effort to hold it back, but it was no use. Her piss was hot and it ran through her trembling legs to start forming a puddle on the floor. She breathed heavily with relief as tears welled in her eyes, “M-mmmyyy Q-Quuuueenn! I-I nneeedd t-tooo g-goo ouutt!!” her words came tumbling out as she cried.

Charlotte looked on in anger at the fast-growing puddle beneath the girl’s feet, everyone around stopped to look what was happening. Elizabeth bowed her head as she continued to wet herself, tears running down her cheeks. “You disappoint me, child,” the Queen felt her rage surging through her veins, “Now remove yourself from my sight” the Queen commanded in a low yet angry voice, “And do not dare show yourself unless I command it.”

Although she wanted to, poor Elizabeth couldn’t move as she hadn’t even finished her piss yet. She could feel all the eyes watching her, she had done everything she could to stop this from happening but she failed. All she could do now was pray the Queen didn’t send her to the dungeons for this.

But to her respite, King Iwan who was sitting right across the table, finally spoke up, “Nurse Gwendolynn, would you be kind enough to take the girl away and help her clean up?” he said in a low voice, making sure he was not audible to everyone. And then he turned his face to her, “Do not worry; you’ll not be punished for this.”

At this, Elizabeth broke down in sobs as Nurse Gwendolynn held her by the shoulders and guided her away. She had left a huge puddle on the floor and Iwan wondered how desperate she might have been to have an accident that size. Secretly, King Iwan had always loved watching or hearing about women desperate to pee, and he was amazed and a bit aroused that he got to see such a beautiful girl wet herself, but he felt really sorry for her too, only if his mother had let her go before, she could have escaped such humiliation.

The King looked at the people who were staring, they all took it as a signal to get back to what they were doing, and the noises and talks resumed. “You could have been a little more polite to the poor girl, she just wet herself in front of everyone,” Iwan said, keeping his voice low.

“The girl couldn’t hold her waters” the Queen answered, “There is no place for people in my service who cannot behave themselves. I never knew her to be such an uncouth brat, relieving herself like an animal for everyone to watch.”

“It was but an accident mother. If you didn't have words of empathy for her, you might have as well kept quiet” Iwan said as he stood up and left the inn and his guards followed, while his mother looked on.

Farlen too, who had been sitting next to Iwan, was astonished by seeing Elizabeth wet herself. He was excited, but he wondered if the sight of the girl losing control had any effect on the Queen. He was sure that the sight must have forced the Queen to grab her crotch in desperation, only if he could have looked under the table, but perhaps that opportunity was gone now.

He wondered why Her Highness was so harsh to the poor girl? He remembered her telling him just a night before they left from the capital that it was human nature to pee. And it was alright if one wet herself. He wondered what had caused such a sudden change in her opinion about the same? Maybe she didn’t believe the same when it came to her servants or maybe the fullness of her bladder and her dignity as the Queen had made her intolerant towards such an undignified act? Maybe she could not bear the signs of weakness from a little girl? He did not know what it was. Nevertheless, he took a good long look at the urine on the tavern floor as they all left.

Soon they were on their way again and the little Lord took a nap with his head on the Queen’s lap. He could feel the bulge of her bladder with his head and he had to admit it was astounding, squishing with the copious amount of urine inside it. There was no pillow he’d rather prefer than the Queen’s inflated bladder, filled to the brim with liters and liters of her hot piss. Many a time he tried to press on her swollen organ with his head, only to get a sigh of agony from the Queen mother, “Don’t press on my bladder, child,” she complained in a pained voice, she really was holding a lot.

To be honest, Queen Charlotte was beginning to worry that happened to Elizabeth in the inn might also happen to her. But she knew she was still far from that happening as she knew she could still stretch her bladder further if needs, be but not too much. She realized that it would be best if she emptied it completely at the first opportunity she got. But she also knew that Farlen might not let her go that easily.

By when they decided to camp for the night, the Queen had drunk another five liters of water, topped with a horn of bitter red wine. It was pitch dark by when the tents were ready. The Queen stepped into her pavilion, clutching at her bulging belly, now over six days full of pent up piss. She changed behind the curtains, coming out of her damned corset. Now that it was off, her bladder could expand freely. And when she finally came out, Lord Farlen was left speechless! My God! What a bulge!

Her bladder was as swollen as a pumpkin. She asked Farlen to pull the flaps of the tent before they both climbed the bed. Farlen wondered how the Queen would manage to rest with such a heavy weight in her bladder but before long, both he and Charlotte were sound asleep.

$$

$$

$$

*053*2019-01-29 15:13

{{On 1/27/2019 at 6:25 PM, Exodiuss said:

Nice plz continue

}}

Thanks! It means a lot!

{{On 1/27/2019 at 8:16 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Great chapter! I liked the part with Elisabeth a lot.

While it first it seems cruel of the Queen, it is quite understandable: She hasn't peed herself since 6 days. Surely it is not too much to ask of her servant to hold it for 12 hours?

That is not rational of course, but I am quite sure that Charlotte was ruled by emotion. And it is something most people can relative to: "If I can do it (and much more), others should be able to do it too"

But there is one thing she didn't consider IMO: It is a great angle for Farlen to keep her from peeing even longer. Surely the queen can behave and control herself - can't she?

I am curious if she can. Can she put the corset back on? And even more exciting - isn't that the job of Elisabeth? And I guess if Elisabeth has to tighten the corset, she won't pay much attention to the queens bladder. She won't go gentle or slowly on it. She will just push on the bladder. Obviously Elisabeth musn't be too obvious about it, otherwise she could end up in a dungeon. But if the queen doesn't explicitly say to be gentle to her bladder, why should Elisabeth be gentle?

Well, there is a lot of great potential for the next day. I can't wait to find out how you will develop the story further.

}}

Thank you so much, Wedge! I am glad that you like it! I too am excited to write down the next chapter, but my office schedule has been keeping me busy. I'll try to start the next chapter as soon as possible!

{{On 1/27/2019 at 10:00 PM, Bombality said:

What size of pumpkin?

1 }}

Haha! More in size like the second one, but has the volume of the third.

{{On 1/28/2019 at 6:53 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thank you so much, Melificent! Means a lot!

$$

*056*2019-02-01 15:50

{{On 1/31/2019 at 1:22 AM, Biku said:

Thought you might appreciate a piece of the queen

}}

Oh my God! It is exactly like what I imagined! Thank you so much for making this! It is absolutely amazing! Just like what I always thought of her to be! Thank you! I love it! Her body, her hair, her dress! It is beyond words for me to tell how much I love this! Thank you so much for this art Biku!

P. S. - I love how you decided to make her dress a bit revealing to make her cleavage visible! Thank you for that!

$$

*059*2019-02-02 02:50

{{10 hours ago, Bombality said:

I guess now I have a reference for whenever I want to draw her, this may be better than what I was getting to

$$

(Sorry for that stain I spilled water in me desk)

}}

The expression on her face looks intense! I really admire the way you drew her face and hair in this one! Really great!

*063*2019-02-14 13:02

{{On 2/12/2019 at 5:05 AM, Tensione said:

I’ve always loved your writing Pain, I’m so glad to see a new story from you. I’m a sucker for extreme holding and ludicrously huge bladder bulges

}}

Thanks Tensione, that means a lot.

