Star Wars: New Empire

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-05-31 00:44

I'm not a big fan of Star Wars, but I really liked Empire Strikes back and Return of the Jedi so here is a fanfic based off of it. It chronicles the journey of a jedi/bounty hunter named Myra fett. She is the unconventional descendant of the clone Bobba Fett and exists long after the fall of Emperor Palpatine and the conquest of Luke Skywalker. I hope you enjoy.

I broke out in an unorthodox mixture of icy sweat and goosebumps. I slowed my breathing as I reached out to feel the tug of the force. My body slowly began to levitate in the dark room. My long dark hair began to float upwards and my my brown eyes remained closed. My legs were crossed and covered by blue skinny jeans and my torso covered by a red blouse. Black flats dangled from the tips of my dainty feet as the star ship I stowed away on began to enter a planet's atmosphere.

Finally as the ship landed I released my control on the force. I dropped to my feet as lights began to flicker on. I quickly snuck away over to the air ducts. I found myself crawling through the airducts till I emerged on the outside of the ship. The planet I arrived on seemed to be an industrial based culture based on the silvery buildings a few meters away. The city was shrouded in night and spilled rain from the skies. I jogged towards the nearest Cantina.

I managed to duck away from the ship without getting noticed and arrived in the main street of the foreign city. I kept my steps slow as I walked amongst the crowd of people who braved the storm. I quickly took in the population, a mixture of several different species, a few of them even clones who had defected the side of the republic. I allowed a soft smile to appear on my beautiful face. Still I kept my hand close to my lightsaber that dangled from my belt.

A few kids pointed to my lightsaber and muttered excited words about a jedi being here. Of course I wasn't exactly a jedi, I was more of bounty hunter who manages to manipulate the force. Rather unconventional, but so was my heritage. I was descended from the cloned bounty hunter Bobba Fett. Many generations later I was now walking through the streets of a raining city, awaiting another job to find me.

I finally came upon Cantina, recognizable by the jazz like music emitting from within. I strolled in and carefully made my way to a table, avoiding direct eye contact with any one who may recognize me as a mercenary, rather than the honorable jedi knight I was often mistaken for. thankfully no one payed me much attention, so I managed to relax in my chair without conflict.

A waiter came an accompanied me, only mildly surprised by the sight of a lightsaber hanging from my waist. She quickly got me a drink then left to tend to other customers. I sipped the cool liquid slowly, remembering the weakness of my bladder. I managed to finish two of the same beverage, though, before my employer for the time being arrived.

It was a female human, a little older than me at about seventeen whereas I was fifteen. She was dressed in a leather top that was sleeveless and stopped just under her large breasts. Her legs were covered by leather pants. She had an hourglass figure, dirty blonde hair that was done up in a pony-tail. She moved with agile seductive strides despite her constrictive clothing, much like I did with my tight denim pants, though I relied on a small amount of force manipulation, so small it was barely noticeable. I wondered what her secret was.

"Looking for my services?"

She looked at my lightsaber. "Rather odd for a bounty hunter to have one of those. Kill a jedi?"

"A sith actually." I answered.

"Oh, so you are opposed to them?"

"Not particularily, it depends on who my employer is." I replied cooly.

"They are on the rise again, rebuilding the empire. Many see it as certain doom." She said, though it seemed more like a question.

"Whoever is in charge I will live like I always have." I answered feeling a disturbance in the force.

"Oh really, you wouldn't stand against tyranny?"

"If I'm paid enough." I knew I said the wrong thing by the prickle in the force and the look of outrage that had been slowly building on her face till it erupted just now.

"How can you just sit back and let them take over?" She screamed. A few people glanced in our direction.

"If you want me to over throw the siths better pay well."

"I'm not looking to hire you!" She screamed. "I'm looking to recruit you! You have a talent!"

"You're looking for free service." I muttered. I stood up and began to walk out. I needed to avoid conflict, especially since I felt my bladder beginning to ache.

"Don't walk away from me!" suddenly I felt my skin burn as something wrapped around my ankles. I felt my body slam into the ground as the hold of the burning rope released. I rolled over as my bladder panged and turned to see the girl wielding a light whip. It was a rarely utilized weapon, but I recognized it. It was a lightsaber that functioned as a whip. It wasn't as powerful as a lightsaber, though it was just as dangerous.

I frowned as I stood up and began to walk away again. "Sorry, but I'm not interested." Suddenly I felt my body soar through the air and slam into a wall. A spurt of urine fell into my panties. I groaned and pushed myself to my feet. "Of course. A jedi. Just my look." I drew my lightsaber and let the energy flow from it.

"Hardly a fair fight." She muttered arrogantly. I nodded and leaped through the air until I was a few feet from her. I swung my blade, only looking to maim her. However she quickly managed to slam the hilt of her lightwhip before my weapon. The phrik hilt bounced the energy back. She maneuvered her arm in complex movements so the whip sliced through my midriff. I felt urine leak from my bladder, moistening my panties thoroughly. A thin trickle ran down my thighs.

I sent her flying back with the force and sent her flying into the ceiling. Nevertheless she rose to her feet and sent the whip wrapping against my arm and used the mixture of the whip and force to send me hurtling through the air till I slammed into a table. Urine spilled out of my urethra quickly. Warm urine massaged my groin as it soaked my crotch leaving a baseball sized stain on the front and a large stain covering my butt. I managed to regain control, just before she sent another wave of the force causing me to slam into a chair. More urine exploded out as I struggled to my feet. A dark stain began to run down my thighs. Hot pissed streamed down the front of my legs as it slithered around my inner thighs as it circled around to run down the back of my calves. I managed to stop the flow, despite the dark stains on my jeans.

I sent a chair at her, though she caught it with her hand and threw it to the ground. She flung the whip at my ankles and tugged it so I fell to the ground on my back. Finally my bladder entirely emptied itself. Urine gushed out and pooled around me. Ripples surged through the puddle as it widened beneath my butt. pee soaked my legs and my lower back and red blouse. I moaned softly as the girl stood before me. She smirked and slammed the toe of her high heel into my forehead and everything went black.

*001*2012-05-31 01:00

Can a mod please delete this extra one?

*004*2012-06-09 05:02

I'm not sure whether this will be continued or not. It wasn't very fun to write but if it receives enough positive review then I will definitely continue this.

*006*2012-06-09 06:47

{{: 

Love scifi stories like this one of the only starwars stories I think I've ever read. Well written personally I wouldn't have with the first person perspective but that is personal preferance.

}}

Thanks for the feedback:) I have a split mind when it comes to perspective because on one hand it's mostly reflex for me to write first person but on the other hand I like third person so you can narrate more than just the main character's surroundings and feeling. However I grew up writing in first person and I prefer Omorashi to be first person so it usually is just easier for me to write in third person.

*007*2012-06-26 23:49

After careful consideration I've decided that I will continue this story. However it has been moved to my fall line up:)

*010*2012-08-17 01:47

{{: 

She looked at my lightsaber. "Rather odd for a bounty hunter to have one of those. Kill a jedi?"

"A sith actually." I answered.

That is Bad*ss. All I gotta say.

Bounty Hunters are by far the coolest characters in Star Wars.

}}

Thanks, I love bounty hunters:)

