Pokemon Omorashi epic! - Page 3

Author: Alexxx

*050*2012-07-07 05:35

I arose early, with the taste of the morning dew on my lips. The golden aura of sunlight had yet to graze my face, and the still shadows of night casted their lulling powers upon my friends. They slept soundly in night’s temporary embrace, and the dark’s hypnotizing tranquility closed my drowsy eyes, and muddled my thoughts…

"Josh…" I heard though the mist of my dreams. "Josh..." The thought was far away, but I recognized it from somewhere, far away. My eyelids were so heavy…

"Josh, please arise. I wish to talk to you."

"…Skarr?" I sat up, and rubbed my tired eyes.

"I’m sorry to have awakened you, but I have something urgent I wish to discuss. Can you meet me north of your current orientation?"

"Mmm…yeah." I mumbled in a sleepy haze. I stood up and attempted to gain my orientation by the sun’s positioning, before realizing how foolish I was.

"North is in front of you." I blamed my poor directions on my sleepiness, and stumbled forward through the darkened forest. A soft wind blew overhead, and I saw metallic wings glistening with moonlight, soaring below the motionless clouds. Skarr landed softly, and bowed his head, allowing me to pet the reflective surface.

"You have been more than a friend in my troubled times, but I am forced to ask yet another favor of you." Skarr thought with a hint of sadness. "It is in reference to Karliah."

"Karliah?" My brain fumbled with the unfamiliar name, before slowly realizing that it probably belonged to the shiny Skarmorry from earlier. "The…other one?" I shook my head to focus my senses. "The other Skarmorry?"

"Yes. She is pregnant with my offspring, and I wish to father our young."

My eyes shot open. "W-what? How can you tell, you’ve only known her for-"

"You know the cycle of life is quickened with Pokemon. Within a week she will give birth, the signs are already noticeable." Skarr mentioned calmly. I gulped, unsure of what to say.

"You wish to stay on the Sevvi Islands then? Raise a family with Karliah… will I ever see you again, Skarr?" I felt my eyes grow misty at the thought of losing my good friend.

"Don’t be foolish. Most Pokemon need not raise their young, for they retain the memories of their parents. This is how younger Pokemon navigate the world, find food and shelter."

"You don’t raise your young?" I asked, hesitantly.

"We do, but for only a fraction of the times humans spend. One of your months should more than suffice."

"How will we meet each other again, Skarr? Should I leave….my cellphone? Can you, um…"

"The sun and stars shall guide me back to Kanto, and your thoughts will guide me back to you." He brushed my shoulder with his long, iron neck.

"D…do you need anything from me? I have some stuff in my back-pa-"

"All I ask is your blessing in the creation of life, and the hope that they shall have good lives in the wild, or meet trainers of pure heart, such as yourself." Skarr eloquently thought. Tears welled up in my eyes.

"This is not a parting, or a time for sadness, it is a time for celebration in the creation of life bore anew. Part of my purpose here in this life is the succession of my lineage, and in doing this I complete yet another chapter in the novel of my life. I shall find you again, Josh." His orange, piercing eyes gazed into my own. "Do you bless me in this endeavor?"

"I do." My eyes shut themselves in an attempt not to cry. "May you be successful in the creation of new life, and may your children appreciate the amazing father they are about to have."

Skarr hugged me with with his silver, polished wings as tears fell down my face. The first light of dawn illuminated the shade, covering the earth below with colors and hues. I noticed a tear in Skarr’s eyes as well.

"Do not be woeful, Josh! I shall return to you. Do not halt your dreams for me; I shall join you on the way. Your blessing means more then you acknowledge!" Skarr took off into the air, and flew away to the rock where he and Karliah had made their nest. I wiped my eyes with my sleeve.

"Josh?" I felt static’s consciousness seep into my own. "Are you…ok? Have you been crying?"

"Yeah, just a bit. It’s ok though…we’re fine." I saw the last glimmer of Skarr before he disappeared into the horizon.

"Are you sure?" Static’s concern fought his sleepiness in an impressive battle over his mind.

"I’m sure. You can go to sleep." I told my Pikachu fondly.

"….k." Within seconds he had returned to his blissful sleep. I walked back to camp and laid down, though I had no intention of sleeping. My eyes gazed into the beautiful darkness of the sky as the light of day colored it with a brilliant blue.

...Wait. How would we get back to Kanto?

$$

$$

$$

*052*2012-07-10 22:55

“CH-KAAAAAA!” Pikachu exclaimed, with the wind rushing through his fur. His little arms grasped the railing for dear life; his smile growing larger for each passing second.

The cruse ride was expensive, but for Static it was the opportunity of a lifetime. He has never been at sea, and had always loved the ocean. For the last half hour he had stood at the helm, feeling the wind sweep his face.

"This is AWESOME! Why don’t we just do THIS for the rest of our lives!?" Static shouted, eyes closed in ecstatic happiness. I smiled.

"Well, who would show the gym leaders their place?" I grinned, and Static turned to laugh.

"You mean at the bottom of my paw?"

"Of course. There’s a rumor going around that Pikachu aren’t good starters you know. Some say they even struggle at the first gym. You think you could beat Brock? He seems pretty tough…" I struggled to keep a straight face, but Static saw though my façade.

"Hey, last time we got me checked I was level fifty! Some stupid teen levels aren’t going to cramp our style." He faced the wind once more.

"Yeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaah!"

Charmander hugged the cuff of my jeans. He was terrified of open water, a fear I thought was rather well founded until I learned he feared fish, not dying by falling overboard.

A heavy set man stomped down from the upper decks. He was dressed in blue, with a large sailing hat and a commanding aura. He scoffed when he saw Static at the helm of the ship, with the current sweeping though his fur.

“That Pikachu yours, son?” The man smirked, pointing a grubby finger at me.

“Yeah.” I looked at static proudly. Nova hid behind my leg, quivering slightly. “Nova here is too.” I mentioned, smiling at my timid Charmander .

“I don’t mind the fire type, but it be bad manners to bring a ‘lectric type on board. Gives you an advantage.” He scoffed. “What brings you upon my vessel, lads?”

“Y-your vessel? Are you the captain?”

“Yessir. The finest in Sevvi Islands.” He chuckled. My face turned to that of concern.

“…Who’s steering the ship?” I blurted rather loudly. I looked up fearfully at the neglectful captain.

“Captain’s haven’t steered for ages, lad. We’re only needed for emergencies, everything is automated now, doncha worry.” His carefree attitude unnerved me, but I kept my mouth shut. “ ‘Nyway, what brings you upon my ship? Travel or pleasure?”

“Travel.” I glanced at static as he laughed childishly into the open breeze. “Well, mostly.” I grinned.

The captain reached into his pocket, pulling out a red and white sphere. His large fingers twirled the circular object back and forth, while his gaze remained upon me.

“Travel, eh? Usually people want to arrive somewhere a bit more hospitable. Usually people want to end up in cities, or at least small towns. You’re not usual to want to end up in Pallet, son. I’m guessin’ you’re one of them that wants to run through the eight gym gauntlet?”

“Yes sir. Not sure if we’re elite material yet, but we’ll get there.” I shot a smirk at static, and rubbed Charmander’s head.

“Well, before ya do that, would you make an old man’s day and show what kind of stuff you and yer pokemon are made of?”

Static’s ears twitched at the mention of a battle. He spun around with cheeks sparked with energy.

*055*2012-07-15 02:38

(Static POV)

Only one thing could tear me away from the awesome roar of the waves, and that was the promise of a battle. People cleared a large space for us and watched in anticipation. I wouldn’t let them down.

“Go! Poliwrath!” The captain ordered, tossing his Pokeball into the air. An angry looking Poliwrath immerged in a brilliant shine of red.

"Ok, standard set?" I asked Josh. "Fake out, brick break, thunderbo-"

"No. The brick break will get you too close to him." Josh thought.

"Who cares, he’s pure water. What’s he gonna do, bubble me to death?"

"He’s going to PUNCH you in the face. He’s fighting/water." Josh retorted. I gulped at the new knowledge. "Do NOT get in his range of his arms, I think he’s going to be mainly pure attack. Just stand back and spam thunderbolt."

"You got it!" My cheeks were already charged in anticipation.

“Piiiii-KAH!” Blue lightning struck the Ploywrath, and he writhed in pain. His once curious expression turned to rage, and he charged at me. “Kaaaaaah!”

Streams of electricity poured into him once more, but he simply strengthened his resolve and took the hit.

“Substitute, now!” I heard the captain command. The Poliwrath disappeared, and a smaller version of himself took his place. I had never seen this attack before. Was it a trap? Do I ignore it?

"Static!" Josh thought hastily. "Destroy the substitute, NOW!"

"The substitute? Do you mean the-"

"Yes, NOW!" Josh interrupted. I focused my energy and fried the subsitiute. Nothing remained. Did we win?

“WRATH!” Suddenly, the Poliwrath was behind me, and met my gut with his orange, glowing fist. Pain exploded in my stomach, and felt myself fly and crash into a metallic wall. I felt so dizzy…

Josh did some quick calculations in his head revolving damage. My hazed mind brushed his… how much HP did I have left?

"Somewhere between eight and fifteen." Josh stammered. I could barely move, my arms felt so weak…I was so tired…

"Get UP." Josh commanded. I strugged, and fell backwards. I felt the stomping of the Poliwrath grow closer. So tired…

"GET UP." Josh ordered, louder. I tore myself out of my disorientation, and faced my attacker. "Thunderbolt, NOW!" My electricity once again streaked across the stage and struck it’s target, frying what little amount was left in his HP. Poliwrath fell down, defeated.

“Kah…kah…” I panted, but stood up to signify that I hadn’t yet fainted. I could sleep after the match, but if I collapsed now it would be considered a draw. The captain grinned, and returned the Poliwrath to his pokeball.

“Me an’ Poli have done ev’ry thing together since we were lads. It takes sumtin special to beat us. I have faith in ya, kid.” Josh beamed and picked me up proudly. Normally I would fight him playfully, but I had no strength left.

"Backpack…" I muttered, too exhausted to explain further. Josh understood, and placed me comfortably in the bottom of his backpack. He made a small pillow for me a while ago, and I was pleased to find it amongst the clothes and sleeping bags in his backpack. I closed my eyes, and felt myself drifting to sleep almost instantly.

“…had him for a while. There was this huge power-surge, and the Pikachu were being hunted because people thought they were the cause!” Josh exclaimed. In the midst of my exhaustion I remembered how we met. I tried to listen, but I knew it was pointless. Just a little longer…

“There was a stray by my house that I had been feeding for a while. I thought about capturing him earlier, but I was still in school, and I figured it would be a bit irresponsible. I just opened the door, and he ran right in......” My eyes closed for the final time that day, and I drifted to sleep. I hope I remember to tell him to repeat that story later; I always love hearing it…

*059*2012-07-17 02:56

(Skarr POV)

Pain. Suffering. Futility.

I gazed across the unforgiving ocean, blackened with the shadows of night. Who was I to introduce new life into such a cruel, unforgiving world? The ocean mirrored my reflection, and I saw a distorted gray failure staring back. I would be a terrible father. My kids would keep my memories, and all they would know me as the fool I was. Incapable of accomplishing even the simplist-

A warm bronze wing engulfed my own, and an unexpected beak and sparkling azure eyes presented themselves in front of me.

Karliah. Her name was the summons to all my hearts delight. She was my rose without thorns, the fire to my coldness, and the eclipse in my eternal darkness.

I stroked her with my neck, then we pressed our foreheads together, staring deeply into each other’s eyes. How could I be so lucky, how could I have been chosen out of the billions of souls to have this angel bestowed upon myself? An eclipse to my sorrows, a sun to my darkness.

“Skarr…it’s so early.” She hummed in our native tongue. “Wont you go back inside and sleep with me? The nest grows cold without you.”

“My apologies. I didn’t mean to wake you; I was just pondering… well, everything.” I turned and casted my eyes upon the mainland. "I don’t deserve this. I don’t deserve to be joyful with you, to sleep here beside you in our nest. You should find someone better suited, someone as glorious and remarkable as yourself…”

“I have.” She brushed against me once more, and I didn’t resist. I felt the warmth of her embrace, and it erased all the feelings of apathy and pain, if just for a moment. “Come back with me Skarr. My words are slurred with my drowsiness; it does my true thoughts and feelings a discourtesy. You are not miserable; you are amazing and as remarkable as the sun and moon. Come back with me.”

“Of course, my dear.” We traveled back to our meager nest, and made ourselves comfortable. She rested her head on my shoulder. Together we drifted to sleep, under the watchful eye of the setting moon, and the calm guidance of the stars…

*061*2012-07-19 01:59

(Josh POV)

A soft breeze rolled by, and the scent of forest leaves filled the winds. The grass softened my footsteps, and Static looked silently at our path ahead. Eighteen long years, and finally I could set off on my dream of beating the elite four, and having my pokemon and myself forever carved in glory.

Charmander hugged the ground after stepping of the cruise ship. I laughed at his little gesture, and picked up both Static and in my arms.

"This is gonna. Be. AWESOME!" Static squirmed in excitement. Nova looked longingly at me, then quickly averted his gaze. I sat Static down, and he ran around in circles joyfully. Nova stared at the ground.

“What’s wrong, buddy?” I picked up nova gently, and he didn’t resist. He laid limp in my arms.

"I’m not going to be a part of this, am I? You won’t like me as much…" Nova didn’t cry, but he once again averted his eyes.

"Look." I thought, reverting back to my Pokespeak. " I don’t care for you any less because you don’t want to battle. It’s ok. You’re still a fun friend, and I wouldn’t change you for the world."

"Really?" A tearful Charmander looked back at me, and hugged me with stubby arms. "No one has ever said that to me before…" A big tear rolled down his orange skin, which he hastily wiped away. "I…I want to battle."

"Nova, no, I know why you’re-"

"I know I’m low-level and I know it’ll be hard, but I want to try. I want to feel the same feelings Static does when he’s fighting."

"There’s really nothing like it." Static thought, twirling a blade of grass between his paws.

"I don’t want you to rush this decision, nova…" I thought cautiously.

"I’m not. I’ve seen the way static battles, and I want to learn. I’m scared, but…." Nova placed his arms in front of himself, in an attempt to look brave. "I think I can do it. I want to try."

"Well, um, yeah, sure!" I grinned at the brave little charmader, and placed him back down. "Ok. I have an EXP share from way back when, when Skarr was learning from Static." I handed him the small TV. "It has a camera on one end to record battles. It can tell you the statistics of the Pokemon in play, the attacks and damage they’re doing to each other, and they types of each pokemon. You can learn a lot from it."

"It won’t leave my side." Nova promised. He stared through the screen at static, who looked bored though the televised glass.

"Dude, you’re level 57 already? I’m only eight! You’re going to murder these gyms! Augh, I’m so excited!" Nova squealed, jumping up and down clutching his small TV.

"Then what are we waiting for!?" Static grumbled, tugging at my jeans. "It’s still early, I bet we could beat the rock gym today if we hurry!"

I laughed quietly as the two of them rushed towards the forest, completely oblivious they were headed the wrong direction. At least heart would never be something my team lacked…

*062*2012-07-19 18:48

( Also, I messed around with this, if anyone is interested :3 )

*065*2012-07-23 05:25

"Instead of flailing, you could actually hit it, you know. Might be easier." Static laughed condescendingly at Nova, who was desperately trying to prove himself by battling a wild Ratatta.

"Shut up!" Nova’s face blushed in an angry embarrassment as he missed yet another scratch attack. The Ratatta used quick attack again, managing to land heavier damage than normal.

"Static, play nice." I thought, berating him. Nova stood in mid combat, panting heavily and looking exhausted. "Do you want a potion? I have a few in my pack-"

"I’m FINE." Nova panted in irritation, staring at his purple foe with frustration. The Ratatta lunged forward, and Nova punched it square in the face with his curled claws. The Ratatta bounced backwards, allowing Nova to grab its tail, and whirl the small Pokemon once again into his irritated fist. The Ratatta collapsed in the grass, its HP no longer visible on the EXP share, which was temporarily in Static’s possession.

"Yes!" Nova sighed in exhaustion and triumph. "Uhh… can I have that potion now?"

"Dang, that Ratatta must have been powerful!" Static exclaimed as I handed Nova the potion. "You’re already level thirty!"

"Really!?" Nova thought exuberantly, guzzling the potion.

"No. You’re still level nine." Static giggled at his little prank.

"Static, that was mean. Say something nice to Nova." I commanded.

"No!" Static thought stubbornly.

"Say something nice or I’ll put you in stasis for the rest of the day." I pulled out his pokeball threatingly.

"No." Static remained resolute. I almost clicked the pokeball, but a better idea came to mind.

"Alright then…I’ll just tell him of your first battle."

"What? NO, that was different! My opponent was WAY stronger."

"Level two Caterpie." I scoffed, and I heard a snicker from Nova.

"He was at least like, level seven. And I was only three."

"You were the level nine at the time, fighting a level two Caterpie, and you LOST." I reminded him. He fumed, cheeks turning an orange red. "He didn’t even attack until the end; you just stood there shaking while he glued you to the floor with string shot."

"It was HARD! I didn’t know what to do! You screaming ‘hit it, hit it!’ over and over again didn’t help either! I was TRYING." Static grumbled, crossing his arms. Nova grinned and waddled over to Static and hugged him.

"It’s ok, you got better, and so can I. Together we’ll be the best team ever!" Nova exclaimed happily. Static pouted, but accepted the hug.

I could just make out viridian city’s Pokemon center in the distance. A beautiful reddened sky reminded me of the time; the sunset was close at hand. A few more battles for Nova, and then we would rest there for the night. I looked back at Nova and Static bickering once again…

Despite their differences they seemed like brothers already…

*066*2012-07-27 03:27

“Chah!” Nova exclaimed, slicing another Kakuna’s HP away. He grinned at his silver, metallic talons before they faded into his regular, off-white claws. "Look how good I am with metal claw! I can beat all these Pokemon with just one hit!" Nova exclaimed happily.

"Yeah, it takes skill to beat someone who doesn’t even move." Static rolled his eyes. It was morning in the Viridian Forest, and the bug Pokemon swarmed the trees. Elder bugs were nowhere to be found, but the worms and their evolutions filled the tall grass. Static seemed more agitated than normal; his yellow tail swung back and forth like a scythe, and his paws remained curled in fists by his side. I adjusted my Pokespeak so I was just talking to him.

"Hey Static? Are you okay?"

"I’m FINE. Let’s just get to the gym already." Static fumed. "I want to punch something."

"I was actually thinking Nova could battle Brock… Nova needs the experience, plus he just learned metal claw-"

"AUGH! All he’s done for the last two days is battle! I want to battle!" Static’s cheeks charged with electricity, sparking erratically. "You haven’t used me at ALL in battle!"

"It’s the beginning, Static! You couldn’t gain any experience from battling such easy opponents. In the later gyms is when you’ll be challenged, and when you’ll get to use your full force. Right now though, this is the perfect chance for Nova to gain a few levels. He might not be strong enough to fight in the elite four with you and Skarr, but he should at least be able to have some fun at his lower levels."

"Grrrr." Static growled in reluctant understanding. "At least let me fight the next trainer we meet."

"There’s one now." I grinned as a heavy set boy with a bug catching net approached me.

“Hey, I saw you, you have to battle me!” The boy spoke arrogantly. Nova walked up boldly, expecting a challenge. I re-adjusted my Pokespeak to communicate with Nova.

"Lets have Static handle this one, he’s been itching for a fight." I thought to Nova. Nova looked confused, but did as I instructed. Static tossed the EXP share haphazardly to Nova, and prepared for battle.

"Those poor bugs…" I grinned to myself as Static’s cheeks flared up with blue electricity.

*068*2012-07-28 06:05

{{: 

Um... I'm not one to complain, and I like the plot and all but... it's been 7 posts and no omorashi. I know it's your story and the plot is nice but....

}}

{{: 

A warning to you all: This is not soley omorashi, there is some depth to the characters, along with some plot and stuff, so if you are JUST looking to get off, this might not be the story for you (at least not until later in the story :3 )

}}

The next wetting scene isn't until shortly after Brock. Not trying to disapoint, but I want this story to be about more then just raw wetting. I like establishing each of their characteristics, the characters getting to know one another, growing along the journey. This is also a big step for Nova! He's just been thrown all around in new settings. These people don't have bladder issues, they do it for recreation, like us. It's unrealistic to think that they can wet EVERY DAY, even if you live alone it'll probably be spread out. If you give it a bit of time there will be more Omorashi ( that was the reason this was started after all :3, pokemon omorashi! ) but I don't want that to be the ONLY reason you read, I want you to care about the characters too!

*073*2012-08-01 03:29

"Better?" I asked Static. He stood in the middle of a small crater of charred grass, with a fainted Beedrill collapsed at his sides. He looked up and grinned.

"Yeah." He smiled mischievously. The trainer returned his fainted Pokemon to its pokeball, and stomped away angrily.

"Just a small walk to Pewter now." I thought to Static and Nova. "You mind if Nova beats the rest of the wild bugs, Stat? I just want him to get the experience."

"Yeah, I’m good." Static responded. "I’m excited for the gym. This’ll really be a test for you Nova. Are you up for it?"

"Y-yeah, I think so." Nova shuddered, and then looked up at me for reassurance. I nodded my head. "Yeah, I’m ready."

After a few more battles, we arrived in Pewter City. Static walked confidently by my side, and Nova hugged my leg as we entered the city. Suddenly, someone jumped from behind a tree and smashed into me. In my disorientation I almost lost my balance. I struggled to face my attacker, when I saw her face.

“Hey Sandy!” I laughed and returned her embrace. Static looked bewildered; I had purposely hid this little surprise to see his reaction. Wigglytuff took no time running and hugging the little electrical mouse. Wigglytuff didn’t have her Pokespeak calibrated for me to hear her thoughts, but based on Static’s reactions I could tell he was quite embarrassed, but also happy to see her.

“I’m glad you could make it.” I smiled. “It was one hell of a ride, I wasn’t sure if you could get a flying pokemon in time.”

“Nah, I wouldn’t miss your first badge! Hey, where’s Nova? You were telling me all about him!”

Nova peeked from behind my leg at the mention of his name. He looked up timidly at Sandy, shaking slightly.

“She’s ok, go talk to her!” I told Nova encouragingly. He hesitantly waddled towards Sandy, stopping a few feet away. She approached to pat his head, and he flinched away.

“Timid little guy, isn’t he?” Sandy caught Nova in her arms, and petted the top of his head gently. “Poor guy.”

I nodded. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Static and Wigglytuff wrestling each other, rolling in the grass. I smiled. Nova loved the affection from Sandy, and hugged her leg to show his approval.

Sandy and I talked for a while longer, and Nova stood between us, enjoying our conversation. After awhile, I heard a buzzing sound on my Pokespeak, followed by the re-connection of Static’s mind.

"Can we go to the gym already?" He groaned. I turned to see Wigglytuff sitting triumphantly on the Pikachu, bouncing on his stomach victoriously. "…I let her win…by the way…urggg…"

I giggled at Static’s predicament, and he growled in reply. Sandy shot a congratulatory smile at Wigglytuff, who responded in kind.

“Yeah, alright. Are you guys ready?” Sandy nodded along with Nova. Wigglytuff bounced off Static, causing him to wince. After a second he lifted himself up, and nodded. “Alright, let’s go beat Brock!”

"Better?" I asked Static. He stood in the middle of a small crater of charred grass, with a fainted Beedrill collapsed at his sides. He looked up and grinned.

"Yeah." He smiled mischievously. The trainer returned his fainted Pokemon to its pokeball, and stomped away angrily.

"Just a small walk to Pewter now." I thought to Static and Nova. "You mind if Nova beats the rest of the wild bugs, Stat? I just want him to get the experience."

"Yeah, I’m good." Static responded. "I’m excited for the gym. This’ll really be a test for you Nova. Are you up for it?"

"Y-yeah, I think so." Nova shuddered, and then looked up at me for reassurance. I nodded my head. "Yeah, I’m ready."

After a few more battles, we arrived in Pewter City. Static walked confidently by my side, and Nova hugged my leg as we entered the city. Suddenly, someone jumped from behind a tree and smashed into me. In my disorientation I almost lost my balance. I struggled to face my attacker, when I saw her face.

“Hey Sandy!” I laughed and returned her embrace. Static looked bewildered; I had purposely hid this little surprise to see his reaction. Wigglytuff took no time running and hugging the little electrical mouse. Wigglytuff didn’t have her Pokespeak calibrated for me to hear her thoughts, but based on Static’s reactions I could tell he was quite embarrassed, but also happy to see her.

“I’m glad you could make it.” I smiled. “It was one hell of a ride, I wasn’t sure if you could get a flying pokemon in time.”

“Nah, I wouldn’t miss your first badge! Hey, where’s Nova? You were telling me all about him!”

Nova peeked from behind my leg at the mention of his name. He looked up timidly at Sandy, shaking slightly.

“She’s ok, go talk to her!” I told Nova encouragingly. He hesitantly waddled towards Sandy, stopping a few feet away. She approached to pat his head, and he flinched away.

“Timid little guy, isn’t he?” Sandy caught Nova in her arms, and petted the top of his head gently. “Poor guy.”

I nodded. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Static and Wigglytuff wrestling each other, rolling in the grass. I smiled. Nova loved the affection from Sandy, and hugged her leg to show his approval.

Sandy and I talked for a while longer, and Nova stood between us, enjoying our conversation. After awhile, I heard a buzzing sound on my Pokespeak, followed by the re-connection of Static’s mind.

"Can we go to the gym already?" He groaned. I turned to see Wigglytuff sitting triumphantly on the Pikachu, bouncing on his stomach victoriously. "…I let her win…by the way…urggg…"

I giggled at Static’s predicament, and he growled in reply. Sandy shot a congratulatory smile at Wigglytuff, who responded in kind.

“Yeah, alright. Are you guys ready?” Sandy nodded along with Nova. Wigglytuff bounced off Static, causing him to wince. After a second he lifted himself up, and nodded. “Alright, let’s go beat Brock!”

