Daniel and Amy - Page 22

Author: Barry

*527*2016-10-11 01:56

Chapter 43:

The inside of the mall was almost glaringly bright after the semi darkness outside. Overhead fluorescent lights reflected off the white vinyl tiles, and from the myriad of glass windows that lined the huge structure. It was a big complex, stretching for around 900 meters long, housing three supermarkets, three banks, a food court, and over two hundred smaller speciality stores and businesses. It ran in a long strip, but also had many "arms" branching off it as well.

Thursday night was late night shopping. It was always busy, although not as crowded as it would be during the lead up towards special occasions, such as Christmas and Mothers Day. Thursdays were always very popular with the teenagers, as it was a fun place to hang out and meet friends, and even if you didn't have a lot of money, you could grab a cheap soda or coffee, and kill a lot of time just window shopping.

In a bit of a contradiction, most parents were happy for their kids to spend an hour or two at the mall, as it was safe, with extra security on Thursday nights, and they knew their kids weren't out roaming the streets. But conversely, a lot of older people didn't like going on Thursday nights, because "there's too many bloody kids there!" But most of the kids were generally well behaved, because the mall cops would take a very hard line on anti social behaviour.

As our intrepid trio started their tour, they were constantly seeing other kids that they knew, either from school or just elsewhere. Whilst they may not have had a huge circle of friends between them, it didn't stop them from at least knowing a lot of other kids.

Amy and Nikki had waved at a girl they knew from school, who had a reputation as a bully, although she had never bothered them, and even acknowledged their wave with a smile and wave of her own. As they continued further into the depths of twenty first century commercialism at its finest, the girls were nattering away between themselves, seeking each other's opinions on the "bully girl," and other kids that they knew. Dan, on the other hand was content to walk along in silence, almost lost in thought about what exactly he was going to say or do.

Now he was actually here, the second thoughts were well and truly kicking in, and whilst he hated himself a bit for thinking it, he was starting to consider that his mother may be right, and perhaps he just shouldn't say too much about his problems. His bed wetting was one thing. That simply just had to be mentioned, but perhaps he should just stop there, and leave his daytime incontinence issues out of the conversation......

He was shaken out of his reverie as they approached the rest rooms. Nikki wanted to pee before they met Scott at the food court, and of course this led to one of her favourite topics, diapers.

"So, you guys are wearing I guess?" Nikki asked in a whispered voice.

"I've got a Goodnight on." Dan told her. "They don't stand out so much under my jeans, and I've been careful not to drink too much, so it should do the job alright."

Amy was wearing jeans as well. "I think you worry about that too much, Catholic boy! I'm wearing a big pull up, and I don't think it's noticeable, is it?"

Dan took the opportunity to cast an admiring gaze over her bum, lustfully appreciating the way her butt cheeks looked underneath the blue denim.

"Not at all babe," he told her, "but maybe I should have a closer look, just to be sure, okay?"

The girls giggled as he made an exaggerated inspection of his girlfriends backside.

"What about you Nik?" Amy asked. "Have you used the ones we gave you last week?"

"I've only used the tape on one so far. I wore it to bed that night, and wet it before I went to sleep. It seemed awfully wet and heavy the next day, so I think I might have actually wet in my sleep as well! But I can't be sure of course. I've worn the pull up twice, but I haven't used it yet. I'm saving it until I get a chance to use it properly."

"What about the Goodnight?" Dan asked.

"I ALMOST wore it tonight, but I chickened out. I mean, I'm not planning on showing Scott what's under my skirt or anything, but I felt kinda weird about it." She looked around, blushed, then continued. "Besides, I kinda want to try pooping in it when I get the chance," she giggled.

That statement made both Dan and Amy just a touch uneasy, but they made an effort to giggle a bit with her anyway.

"I had an accident on the bus the other day," Dan told the girls. We got held back after class cause a couple of guys were fucking around, and I didn't have time to go to the loo before my bus left, and I wet myself a bit. Then I wet again as I walked down the street. I fucking hate it."

"Did anyone see anything sweetie?" Amy asked, concerned for her boyfriend.

"No, thank Christ. My shorts were a bit wet when I got home, but only mum saw me though."

"Well perhaps telling your mates the full story might be the right thing to do then," Amy said. "I mean, if it like happens at camp......" she let the sentence trail off, as suddenly there were other people around, and they had reached the rest rooms.

As Dan entered the men's room, Amy's last sentence resonated through his head. He had almost made up his mind not to say anything after all, but she was right. His "kiddie pull up" had leaked, leaving his shorts wet. He couldn't disguise his grownup diapers as easily as his kiddies ones, but at least they didn't leak. But regardless of whether he got discovered by having wet pants, or by having his big nappy suddenly showing, it didn't matter. At the end of the day, discovery was discovery, however it happened.

Pleased to find the men's rights currently empty, he went into the nearest stall. His Goodnights had one advantage over his grownup protection, where he could just wear them like regular briefs, and unzip his fly when he needed to pee. But when he went out, or to school, he always kept them sort of hucked down a bit in the back, and wore boxer shorts over them, just in case his shorts or pants slid down a bit. This made it a lot harder to access his boy bits when he needed to pee, hence why he usually used a bathroom cubicle whenever he could. So he eventually found himself sitting on the toilet, just like a girl would, before he began to urinate. Considering he had used his toilet at home before leaving, he surprised himself by the sheer volume he was still apparently holding, and he sent a silent thanks to Nikki for her decision to use the toilets before meeting Scott. No doubt he would have found himself "caught short" if he hadn't just emptied his bladder again.

He sighed with relief as his stream petered out. This was yet another factor that was prompting him to come clean to his friends about his problem. His inability to judge how full his bladder was could be a real problem at times, and he certainly didn't want to be seen by his friends, running around with his hands gripping his penis through a wet patch, like his mother had seen him doing only the other day. Then there was the incident when he had been playing with his RC car. He hadn't been wearing protection, and had only been aware of the slightest need to go, a need that he had fully intended to satisfy beside the garden shed. When suddenly, with his concentration fully established on his car, he had simply squirted, causing him to run to the shed with pee running down his leg. He had cried then, and him and his mother had argued once again. Just the thought of his friends witnessing him like that was enough to make him shudder.

He pulled his pants up, flushed, and then washed his hands. Looking in the mirror, he decided that he would tell Scott about his bed wetting issue, and would play the rest by ear, deciding to see how well that news was accepted first.

"I'm in control here," he told his reflection, then, after triple checking that his pull up was safely concealed, he went out to meet the girls. A few minutes later, they were reunited once more, and making their way towards the food court.

They saw Scott, sitting at a table, concentrating on his phone. At that exact moment, Dans phone beeped, and he checked it, seeing a message from Scott, simply saying "here."

Dan paused, sending a reply, "I know. We're watching you! Lol!"

Scott looked up nervously, and began scanning the crowd, eventually picking them out, causing him to stand up and shyly wave. Dan noticed how his friend seemed to have put a bit of effort into dressing nicely. He was wearing a pair of jeans that looked almost new, had a collared shirt on, and wore casual shoes, not sneakers. His hair was neatly done, and even appeared to have some sort of styling product in it!

The boys approached each other, clasping their right hands together, while their left hands grabbed each other's shoulders, where they drew each other in for a quick bumping of chests. That was the latest "cool" handshake at school, at least for this week.

Dan started the introductions. "Scotty, this is Amy, and this is Nikki. Girls, this is Scott!"

There was a chorus of nervously mumbled greetings, and a bit of foot shuffling, but at least everyone was smiling.

"Nice to finally meet you Amy!" Scott told her. "I can understand why we don't get to hang around much with Danny after school now!"

Amy giggled a polite reply. Scott seemed nice, and she couldn't help noticing that he looked a bit older than Danny. She knew they were the same age, but he was definitely a larger, more solidly built individual, with a deeper voice, and the first sprouts of facial hair appearing in the corners of his top lip.

Scott's attention turned to Nikki. "Wow Nikki! Nice to meet you too! Danny's been telling me a lot about you, and I didn't really believe him, but you're just as pretty as he told me!"

The words were no sooner out of his mouth when he started blushing. He hadn't really meant to say that, thinking it was probably way too forward a thing to start a conversation with, but that's exactly what he had been thinking, and it had somehow just blurted out of him. But if Nikki was put off, it didn't show at all. She didn't blush, but appeared to glow a bit, and stepped out from behind Amy a bit more, seeming to grow in confidence a bit.

"Thanks," she giggled, "nice to meet you too."

The briefest of uncomfortable silences descended, before Amy came to the rescue.

"So guys, we're here! What are we going to do?"

Scott hesitatingly spoke up. "If you guys don't have any plans, I need a new pair of sunnies. The Billabong shop has a sale on, can we go for a walk down there maybe?"

It seemed as good a plan as any, so the trio, now a foursome, set out. There were too many people there to walk four abreast, and somehow they fell into order without trying to, Scott and Nikki in front, Amy and Dan holding hands behind them. They watched their friends walking along, at first making sure that there was absolutely no physical contact whatsoever between themselves, then, as they started talking, they started leaning closer as they walked, occasionally bumping their shoulders as they held a conversation that couldn't be overheard. Whatever was being said must've been humourous, because Nikki kept laughing and Scott kept grinning, and when Nikki unconsciously reached out and grabbed his elbow briefly, Dan and Amy exchanged a private smirk.

After Scott had purchased his new glasses, they continued on, this time towards the video game store. Dan nudged his girlfriend when he saw Scott reaching out a tentative hand, which Nikki gladly took, and they kept walking like that. It seemed like they had found some common ground, and appeared to be involved in an animated conversation about something as they walked.

Amy and Dan lagged behind on purpose. They stopped and looked in a few windows, letting the other couple get ahead a bit, wanting to watch them, but not eavesdrop into their conversation.

In the gaming store, the boys ended up together, while the girls were on the other side.

"So, what do ya think?" Dan asked.

"She seems really nice," Scott replied, "really nice....."

Thats how they killed the next hour. Wandering aimlessly around, going from shop to shop, with all of them throwing in suggestions of various places to go. Sometimes they walked together in a group, sometimes in pairs, and soon, Nikki and Scott were taking every available opportunity to hold hands whenever possible, and sometimes appearing to completely forget that Amy and Dan were even still with them.

Being teenagers, hunger soon reared its ugly head, and a visit to the food court was suggested. Nikki nervously dragged Amy aside, explaining that she didn't have any money, but Amy was more than happy to give her friend some, just to let her avoid any embarrassment about being broke.

While the girls were conducting their transaction, Dan dragged Scott aside, finding a quiet spot out of the way.

"Scotty, ya remember how you said that if I hooked you guys up, that you would owe me a favour?"

Scott nodded. "Yeah dude, for sure. What do you need?"

"I need to talk to you, that's all, but alone. It's kinda serious. After we eat, can I talk to you alone for a few minutes?"

"Sure mate. No prob. But what's up? Is it something to do with Nikki?" Scott asked, suddenly sounding worried.

"No mate. It's kinda about me. I've got a bit of a problem, and I need a mate to talk to, that's all. A good mate, one that won't give me a hard time....."

Scott glanced towards the girls, and saw them huddled together, trying to be inconspicuous, as they stole their own glances in the boys direction. It was painfully obvious that they knew what was going on.

"You're actually serious here, aren't you Dan?"

"Deadly serious," Dan replied. "I've gotta big problem that I kinda need help with, and I just don't know who I can talk to."

"Of course you can talk to me, we're mates, and I'll help you if I can. But if ya don't mind me asking, why me? I mean we are mates and all, but it's not like we really know each other very well. You spend a lot of time with Ali, why not ask him?"

Dan was ready for this. He had been playing over every possible scenario in his mind, and was expecting this question to come up. He wasn't supposed to know about Scott's own bed wetting problem, so he couldn't very well use that as an excuse. He thought he may know how to give Scott's ego a boost, while making him appear to be the obvious choice for Dan to turn to.

"Because you're 'The Man.' Ali and Matt both look up to you. I figured if I could get you onside first, they'll be a lot more willing to accept me when I get around to talking to them. Face it Scott, you're the main guy in charge, aren't you?"

Dan could see his friend swelling up a bit with apparent pride. He knew that he had played his cards well, and Scott would be more amenable to helping him, if he figured that he may have some influence over them.

"I don't think that's exactly right Danny, but if I can help you, I will. Matt and Ali are really good blokes you know, you shouldn't judge them so easily."

"For fucks sake Scott! I'm not judging anyone! I just need to talk to someone, another guy, and I thought you were the obvious choice!"

The sudden anger in Dans voice surprised Scott. Dan was usually one of the quiet ones. A nice guy for sure, but he couldn't recall ever hearing him use that tone of voice before. Dan was the sort of boy who just blended into the background, never making waves, never raising his voice or causing a scene. To hear the seriousness in his voice was kind of alarming, and certainly out of character.

"Alright buddy. Chill out, okay? I said I'll try and help you if I can, and I will. It depends what your problem is of course, but as long as you're not like looking to buy drugs or run away or anything, I'm sure that the boys and me will help you if we can."

He offered his hand, which Dan glanced at for a brief second, before taking it, and giving his mate another chest bumping handshake. His nerves were really on edge, and he felt angry, upset, scared, and nervous all at the same time. He could feel tears trying their hardest to spring into his eyes, and he was determined to keep them at bay.

"Thanks mate," was all he could manage.

Scott could see the range and depth of emotions on Dans face, and knew that whatever was troubling him, it was serious enough to be causing him genuine distress.

"Come on mate," he said. "I'm hungry. Let's go get a bite to eat."

Soon, they were all headed towards the food court, where Dan was priming himself for one of the most important discussions of his life.

*534*2016-10-13 05:11

Chapter 44:

The four kids pooled their money, buying pizza, fries, and Coke. Whilst they ate, Dan was noticeably quiet, not really saying much unless he was spoken to directly. Scott could tell something was troubling him, and was racking his brain trying to think what it may be. He knew Dan well enough to know that he was doing well in school, he didn't have any real problems with any other kids, he wasn't in trouble with the law, and apart from smoking, he didn't use drugs or anything like that. But whatever was bothering him, it seemed like it was a big deal, and Scott really hoped that he would be able to help his friend. Whatever it was, it was obvious that the girls both knew about it, and if they couldn't help him, Scott didn't know what he'd be able to do.

After they had eaten, a silence descended across the table. There was an elephant in the room now. All four of them could sense it, but only three of them could see it, and its presence was making Scott uncomfortable. The girls continued to try and make small talk, but Dan wouldn't join in, and Scott found himself being drawn into Danny's somber mood alongside him. You could almost cut the air around Danny with a knife. It was looking like he wasn't going to be able to bring up whatever it was that was bothering him, so Scott decided to try and get the ball rolling.

"Well, I enjoyed that." Scott remarked, pushing the empty pizza box away. "What about you mate?"

"Yeah. It was okay, I guess," Dan replied in a mumbling voice, without really looking up.

Trying again, Scott decided to be a bit more direct. "I've gotta say buddy, you don't seem yourself tonight. Wanna talk about it?"

Dan sighed, looking towards Amy, who started to gather her purse and her phone. "Um, Nikki and me might go have a look at, ah, some shoes or something..."

At the sight of his girlfriends imminent departure, Dan could feel the last vestiges of his courage galloping out the door. He made a split second decision, reaching across and taking her hand.

"No Ames, can you stay? I need you here, I think."

Amy squeezed his hand, and gave him a watery smile. "Sure sweetie, whatever you want."

"Come on mate," Scott prompted, "you're starting to worry me now! You wanna talk about it?"

Dan sighed, and took a drink of Coke to steady his nerves. The last time he'd felt so scared, was when he had been only seconds away from wetting himself in front of his class from his old school at the beach. That feeling of horrifying inevitability washed over him, where something terrible was about to happen, but he was powerless to stop it. Suddenly, he felt like he needed to pee, although he had only gone less than two hours ago, and his penis twitched inside his Goodnight. Thankfully, although he felt an urge, his body hadn't produced much volume, and only a little dribble leaked out before he was able to clamp down on his holding muscles. The urge passed as quickly as it had arrived, and whilst he felt a tiny wet spot, he was back in full control again. The leak had been caused by nervousness, not capacity, and having a small wet spot in his pull up gave him the necessary focus to mentally reprimand himself, to ensure it didn't happen again.

"It's this stupid camp thing," he mumbled. "I need to talk to someone about it."

If he had been watching Scotts face, instead of looking down at his own hands, he would have seen a hardening of the other boy's features. Amy would tell him later, that at the mention of the camp, a cloud seemed to pass across the other boy's expression, causing his mouth to tighten, and his eyes somehow changed.

"Oh, the bloody camp, yeah, what about it?" You could hear the change in his voice as he replied.

Danny steeled his resolve, determined to go through with this, although he still wasn't completely sure that it was the right thing to do.

"I've gotta problem with this whole camp thing Scotty, I don't really wanna go. You see, I've gotta bit of a prob...."

"BOYYYS!"

His confession was interrupted by a chorus of two loud voices approaching. Looking up, he saw Ali and Matt walking towards their table, both grinning broadly, completely oblivious to the stern look they were receiving from a security guard who had glanced around at the sound of their outburst.

"Oh Jesus fucking Christ," he muttered under his breath, feeling the moment slip away again.

Without waiting for an invitation, the newcomers dragged two chairs across from the empty table next door, and squeezed in with their friends. Although both Dan and Scott were a bit disturbed by the interruption, they nevertheless made an effort to be welcoming, offering their hands to be shaken, followed by a bumping of fists as their friends sat down.

"The fuck are you guys doing here?" Scott asked.

"Mate." Matt said. "You really didn't think that we wasn't gonna at least try and spy on you, did you?" He had the look of a cat that had finally secured the cream. "We had to keep an eye on you, ya know!" Turning his attention towards Dan, he remarked, "And Dan the Man, the matchmaker! When are you gonna fix me and Ali up with some of your harem?"

Matt and Ali laughed at their little joke, and while Scott, Amy, and Nikki all tried to laugh with them, it was at best half hearted and awkwardly forced, and Dan struggled to even broach a smile. Instead, he sighed again, and chose to make the introductions instead. Ali had met Amy before, but Matt hadn't, and neither of them had met Nikki. Dans manner indicated that something serious had been going on prior to their interruption.

Ali, being Dans closest friend, was the first one to pick up on the vibe.

"Hey Danny, you alright bro? You seem kinda tense! Hope we're not like interuppting anything here?"

Dan shrugged. "I guess not mate. We're just chilling."

Scott piped in. "Actually, you guys have your usual sense of bad timing. Me and Danny here are about to talk about some private stuff, so why don't you two just piss off for a while, okay?"

"Jesus Scotty, what's up your arse?" Matt replied, sounding hurt. "We didn't want to interrupt you lovebirds if you wanted to be alone! Come on Ali, let's fuck off someplace where we won't be in the way," and he pushed his chair back quickly, a look of bewilderment on his face.

Ali in particular looked aggrieved. He had been friends with Scott for a long time, and had thought that himself and Dan were becoming good friends as well, but it appeared that might not be the case. But rather than sound angry, as Matt did, he sounded more hurt than anything else.

"Sorry guys. Didn't mean to get in the way, but is anything wrong here? You guys look awfully, well, like serious. Can we help? Look, I've even got a packet of smokes, if you lot want to come outside and have one?"

Dan suddenly wanted a cigarette more than anything else in the world. The thought hadn't even crossed his mind until Ali mentioned it, but all of a sudden, he more than wanted one, he needed one.

He made a decision on the spot, without even really thinking about it. Glancing at Amy, he caught her eye, and shrugged. Then he gave a weak, but placating smile at his other friends.

"You know what mate? I'd kill for a smoke. I was gonna have a talk to Scotty, but fuck it. You guys are my friends as well, so I shoulda just included you all in it from the start. I mean, you're gonna find out anyway. Let's go outside and have a smoke, it might kinda calm me down anyway. I've gotta problem that I need to tell you all about, and I was gonna talk to Scotty first, then you two later. But we're all together now, so I might as well tell you all at once." He pushed his chair back quickly, before he could change his mind. "Come on, let's go!"

They left the food court, and headed towards the exits. Amy gripped Dans hand, indicating for him to lag back a bit, giving them a bit of privacy, before she spoke to him in a lowered voice.

"Are you sure about this sweetie?"

"Not any more or less than I was before, actually," he replied with a grim face. "To tell ya the truth, I really don't wanna do this at all, but I've kinda like committed myself to it now I guess."

"But there's still time to back out baby. Nobody's forcing you to do this at all! Why not just stick with your original plan, and just tell Scott?"

"What's the point Ames? I was gonna tell him privately just cause I thought it would be easier, that's all. Once I'd told him, I was gonna have to tell the others at some stage anyway. Might as well just tell 'em all together."

His nerves were playing havoc with his bladder, and now he needed to pee again. The wet spot in his pull up certainly wasn't helping matters at all either. As they approached the rest rooms, he called out to his friends "I'll catch up with you guys in a minute," and turned to go inside. But his blood froze a bit when Ali replied, "Good idea mate! I'll join you."

Hoping for a busy men's room this time, Danny was dismayed to once again find it deserted. This meant two things. First, he would have to make conversation with Ali, and secondly, using a stall instead of the urinal would seem slightly odd. But he had no choice now. He wasn't in The Danger Zone just yet, but it was fast approaching, and if he didn't take the chance to empty his bladder again now, he had no doubt that he would be getting quite desperate as soon as he went outside in the cold air.

Ali was obviously concerned about him, and just as he had feared, his friend pulled him up as soon as he discovered that the room was empty.

"So Danny, what's going on here? Are you alright, or not? You're not in trouble or anything, are you?"

"Not really buddy," Dan said. "Not like in the true sense of the word, anyway. But I've gotta problem I need some help with though...."

"Yeah, I get that, and I don't want to sound like petty or anything, but why would you go to Scotty first? I mean, I thought that we was good mates?"

Dan was flummoxed now, completely unsure about how to handle this. His mind was racing flat out, but frozen solid at the same time, like he could think a hundred thoughts at once, not a single one of them coherently. His heart rate picked up, and before he could reply, he felt himself leak a bit more into his pull up, and he almost grabbed himself with his hand, but managed to restrain himself at the last moment.

"We are mates Ali. But this is something, ahh, I dunno, kinda specific I guess. Trust me, when I tell you, you'll understand it a bit better."

Ali, making the assumption that Dans problems must be somehow related to the girls, didn't push it further. That was the only thing that made any sense. After all, Dan had a girlfriend, and was trying to set Scott up with one, while Matt and himself didn't have one, so it simply had to be something regarding girls. A sudden thought sprang to mind. Could Amy be pregnant? Surely not. If her and Dan were having sex, Dan would have told them, wouldn't he? Perhaps she was pregnant to someone else? But he shook that thought off straight away though. He knew how much they loved each other, and he could tell she was devoted to him. Whatever it was, he guessed that he'd find out soon enough. A little voice in the back of Ali's mind spoke up, "Maybe you don't want to know...."

These thoughts occurred almost instantaneously, within milliseconds, and he pushed them aside, and stood up at the vacant urinal, which was perhaps twelve feet long. He was surprised when Dan didn't stand up there as well, even at the other end of it, instead choosing to shut himself into a stall.

"No need to be shy Daniel! I don't want to look at your cock, you know!" Ali said in a loud and joking voice.

Dan tried to sound lighthearted as he quickly and quietly pulled his Goodnight down, sitting on the toilet to examine the wet patch in it. "You should see my cock," he replied, "but I didn't want to make you feel bad about your own I guess!"

Ali laughed, pleased at least that Dan still had a sense of humour. Whatever it was that was troubling him was causing him some obvious distress, and Ali was anxious for his friend. It was strange how Dan had gone into the cubicle though. After all, the boys had gotten changed in front of each other at school before. Every week they got undressed together as they changed for P.E., and Dan hadn't ever seemed shy before. Weird shit going on, Ali thought.

While the boys used the bathroom, their group sort of splintered up a bit. Matt, still feeling a touch hurt about his earlier treatment, had stepped away to the side, and was playing with his phone. Amy, a bundle of nerves herself, walked away a bit, sending up a silent prayer that Dans plan wouldn't backfire. She didn't really need to pee, but she suddenly yearned for the warm, safe, comforting feeling of a wet diaper.

Glancing around to make sure that she was still alone, she proceeded to do a pre-emptive strike, spreading her legs slightly, and not only relaxing her bladder muscles, but also pushing a bit as well, then shivering a bit as she felt the warm wetness spreading throughout the crotch of her nappy. She only peed for a few seconds, but that was enough to give her the naughty feeling of childishness that she craved. Pushing her thighs tightly together, she relished the way her sodden diaper squished between her legs. She felt a lot better after she had done it, somehow, it relaxed her.

It was kind of strange in a way, because the whole idea of doing a pre-emptive strike was to minimise the risk of getting caught. It was almost always done while wearing her school uniform, or indeed any dress or skirt, and standing well away from anybody else, just in case of leaks, but this time, she was wearing jeans, and was not only surrounded by her friends, but was also in the middle of a busy shopping mall. But she was able to tell that her output was going to be minimal, indeed she had had to actually force it out, and the risk of a diaper failure was unlikely.

She couldn't deny it though, the extra risk she took made it kinda thrilling in a way!

Meanwhile, Scott and Nikki were talking earnestly."So what's going on here Nikki? You must know what this is all about! Is he in trouble or something?"

"Sorry Scott. It's just not my business to tell you anything, but please, be nice to Dan? He's like really upset, and he's worried about what you guys are gonna think about him. Just be chilled, okay?"

"I'll try, alright? But this is kinda scary now! I've got no idea what's happening here, but it must be like pretty major, I guess. But Dans my friend, I'd like to help him, if I can that is."

"I think the biggest help you can be at the moment, is just to be there for him Scott. Listen to him, but don't judge him, okay?"

Scott smiled at Nikki, then bent over and placed a light, innocent kiss on her forehead. "I will. You're a nice person Nikki, I'm glad we've met."

She took his hand, pressing it tightly with her own. "Me too," she replied with a shy smile, secretly exulted with having received her first ever kiss from a boy, even if it was only on her forehead. She found herself wondering what kissing him properly, like on the lips and stuff would be like......

Everyones thoughts were interrupted when the bathroom door opened, and Dan and Ali emerged once more. Dan still looking like he had the weight of the world on his shoulders, but at least he was smiling a bit.

With the whole gang reunited once more, they headed out the exit, into the cool darkness of the parking lot.

*541*2016-10-13 23:52

Chapter 45:

"So, where are we gonna go?" Ali asked.

Its never easy trying to smoke, or do anything illicit when you're a young teen. You don't want to hide exactly, because that's what the little kids do, hide behind buildings, maybe find a spot behind the bushes on a vacant lot, that sort of thing. It takes away the whole aspect of being cool, especially when you're with a bunch of your friends. Nobody wants to be the one who is too chicken to do something naughty, but at the same time, you have to take precautions, more so than what the bigger kids seem to take.

They seem to act with a kind of immunity sometimes, almost as if they are incapable of getting into trouble, but when you're still kind of a little kid yourself, at least as far as the grownups are concerned, certain precautions must be adhered too. After all, even if nobody would say it out loud, with six of you together, the chance of a grownup, be it a parent, teacher, neighbor, older sibling, or family friend catching you is greatly increased. So while nobody might actually say 'let's go and hide,' in the back of everyone's mind, that's exactly what you have to do. So when Nikki said, "How about the skate park?" Everyone was kind of relieved.

They made their way a block down the road. This in itself was kind of risky, as everyone's parents probably had insisted that their offspring should remain within the safe confines of the mall until the time for collection had arrived, but you really didn't want to be the one to point that out.

The skate park was deserted in the dark, and actually looked kind of creepy, but apart from that, it was perfect. Here, you could stand around in the open while you smoked, not having to hide every time an adult walked past, but at the same time, the chances of an adult walking past a group of teenagers in the dark, was virtually non-existent. There was a couple of picnic tables built in, with two benches, each capable of sitting three people in relative comfort on either side. They found themselves commandeering one of these, with Amy sitting on one end, Dan beside her in the middle, with Ali on the other end. The other side had Nikki, Scott in the middle, opposite Dan, then Matt on the end.

Matt was the first to speak. "I've got a special surprise you guys! Wanna see it?"

Of course, everybody did, so after building up the suspense for a moment longer, he reached into his pocket, and produced what appeared to be two hand rolled cigarettes, although a bit fatter than normal.

Although he was by now bubbling with a nervous, scared energy, Dan felt sort of bad for making Matt feel unwelcome earlier. Part of him just wanted to hurry up, tell his story, and get it out of the way at last, while another part of him just wanted to go home, and forget this crazy idea altogether. But this was a good chance to delay it at least, and make his friend feel welcome again at the same time.

"What have you got there Matt?" Dan asked.

"A coupla joints!" Matt proclaimed proudly. "Gottem off my older brother. Well, stole them actually. He came home with them last night, and he was so wasted, he didn't even notice that they were missing this morning!"

Scott looked around nervously. "What the actual fuck, dude! What are you doing messing with that shit for?"

"I thought we might smoke them," Matt replied. "Come on, it won't hurt you! My big brother smokes this shit all the time! Besides, with six of us sharing them, we'll only get a few puffs each anyway! Whaddya say? Are you in, or not?"

A silence enveloped the table, with nobody wanting to be the first to speak, be it yay, or nay. Dan glanced at Amy, who shook her head slightly at his enquiring look, while Ali and Scott kept their heads lowered and their mouths shut. Dan himself wasn't totally against the idea, as he was still feeling quite rebellious towards his mother, and basically to life in general at the moment, but he didn't want to be the only one to be accepting of the idea.

"I'm in!"

All eyes turned to Nikki.

"I've smoked weed before! Matts right, there's not enough there to get really fucked up on, but it might be enough to like, I don't know, relax us a bit, maybe? We're all like a bit uptight at the moment, and it might like chill us out a bit! I guarantee you that by the time we walk back to the mall, and maybe have a drink, it'll wear off. At least enough so our olds won't be able to tell, anyway!"

"Cool!" Matt exclaimed with pleasure. "Anyone else?"

"Fuck it. Why not? I'm in!" Dan said. This was just as big a shock to the group as Nikkis willingness was, and the other three non committed kids exchanged a look.

Amy was next. "I'm not really sure, but if Danny's in, count me in as well," she said.

"Me too," replied Ali, looking at Scott. "Why not?"

Scott sat silent. Usually, he didn't even smoke many cigarettes, only occasionally, but while nobody was putting any pressure on him personally, the peer pressure still existed. He knew that if he said no, he wouldn't be ridiculed, and perhaps even one or two of the others might even follow his lead, and change their minds too, but deep down, he was at least curious. You didn't become a millennial teenager without being surrounded by drug references in everyday pop culture, and he had to admit, it was tempting.

"Dans right," he declared. "Fuck it, let's do it!"

While Matt lit up the first joint, Scott asked Nikki, "When or where have you ever smoked before Nik?"

"My mums a pot smoker," Nikki declared. "My brother Troy and I aren't supposed to know, but we do! She keeps one of those bong things hidden in the cupboard underneath the sink. I've had a cone once or twice when she's been at work. I don't mind it actually!"

Scott shook his head and smiled, "You're a bit of a crazy one, aren't you?"

"Only sometimes," she admitted coyly.

Matt lit both joints up, passing one across to Ali, and keeping the other one himself. But as soon as he tried inhaling it, he started up a fit of racking type coughing.

"You're doing it wrong!" Nikki insisted. "Here, like this," she reached over Scott, taking the joint from Matt as he continued trying to dislodge a lung. The others watched as she took a few small puffs, then gently inhaled deeply, holding the smoke in her lungs for a moment before exhaling, then passing it back to Scott. Ali had some joy with it. He didn't cough, but almost did, and his eyes were watering as he passed it over to Dan.

Danny wasn't even sure himself what was up with his mood. He was extremely wound up, first and foremost about his impending confession, but also about the camp, his mothers attitude towards it, and was even a bit annoyed with Ali and Matt for turning up when they did. He was annoyed with the fact that he was wearing a wet pull up, upset about his incontinence, and just generally aggravated. The bottom line was, he felt mad with the entire world at the moment, with the exception of Amy. She was the one constant that was keeping him grounded right now, and he couldn't even admit to himself just how much he loved her at the moment.

He took the joint, looked at it without emotion, and took a drag, then inhaled. The sweet tasting smoke caught the back of his throat for only a second, then it was past, rushing down his throats and filling his lungs with its potency. He took another hit, then passed it to Amy.

She wasn't as convinced as what her boyfriend had been, and could have quite easily declined. But she was trying her best to offer him her support, and if that meant smoking a bit of pot, then she would. However she made a conscious effort not to inhale as much as what Dan had done. It tasted sweet, but somehow strong, and she limited herself to a couple of small tokes.

Both sides of the table continued passing their respective joints backwards and forwards, and it didn't take very long before they were finished. Ali produced his cigarettes, and everyone, even Scott, took one. The lighter did the rounds, and soon they were all smoking peacefully.

"Well?" Nikki said, "What's the verdict? Can you feel anything yet, or not?"

There was a mutual agreement reached that they all felt a bit lightheaded, and when Matt dropped his lighter, then banged his head on the under side of the table while picking it up, they all started laughing, and couldn't stop for a few minutes. Amy was supremely pleased that she had done her pre-emptive strike earlier, as she was sure that she would have wet herself big time with all her laughter.

By the time their cigarettes were finished, an air of normalcy had settled in again. Nikki had been right, none of them had gotten overly high, but the mood was certainly a lot more relaxed than it had been earlier. All of them, including Dan, were feeling more at ease now, and they were chatting amiably between themselves.

But eventually, the conversation started to seem forced, as if they were simply talking just for the sake of it, and everyone kept stealing glances at Dan, waiting for him to speak. Amy took his hand, and spoke to him, without whispering, letting the others all hear what she had to say.

"Danny. We're running out of time baby. You don't have to do this, but if you're going to, you better start. What do you want to do?"

Now it was time, he was surprised at how calm he felt. He knew he was a bit stoned, and that was no doubt helping, but regardless of why, he felt strangely relaxed. He was still nervous, but he kept grinning, the pot making him see the humour in most of the things that were being said. Even though he was well aware of the possible ramifications of what he intended to say, he still saw the funny side of the six of them, all huddled around a park bench in a deserted and darkened skate park, waiting for him to tell them a secret, which was about him wetting himself. It just seemed kind of funny, in a warped sort of way.

"Can I have another smoke please Ali?"

Ali didn't hesitate in sharing them around again.

He lit it with a trembling hand, as a hush fell over the group. They all had their own ideas or scenarios running through their heads. The girls were worried for him, hoping that his friends would accept him still, once they learned about his problems. The three boys all had different ideas, ranging from Dan having to move away, trouble at home, trouble with the police, family illness, personal illness, bullying, and a host of others.

Dan himself was fairly focused, although he wasn't actually thinking about anything in particular. If he was playing sport, you would say he was "in the zone," working on instinct, and just letting it happen naturally without thinking too hard. He had mentally gone over this conversation dozens of times, and every time he did it, it changed, and he realised that there was no accurate way of predicting the outcome. He either just did it, or didn't do it, then lived with the consequences, simple as that.

All at once he decided. He would do it.

Clearing his throat, he began the most difficult speech of his young life.

"I've got a" He had to stop, as his voice suddenly broke, making him issue a high pitched squeak at first. The other three boys smiled good naturedly at him, with no malice. It had happened to all of them at one point, usually when they were standing up in class and reading aloud or something.

He started again, and this time his adolescent voice didn't betray him.

"I've got a problem guys. It's nothing that you can help me with, so don't think I'm gonna ask you for anything. It's kinda like a personal thing, and the only thing I need is to tell you guys about it, because I can't hide it anymore."

"What's up Danny?" Ali asked, the concern evident in his voice. "Are ya sick or something?"

"No. Not really. Well, kinda I guess, in a weird sorta way I suppose. But not 'sick' sick."

He paused to puff on his cigarette, and gauge the boy's reactions so far. They looked concerned, and were listening with rapt attention.

"Fuck this is hard!" He declared, then gave a little stoned giggle afterwards.

"Look, I'll put it this way. This is what I was about to tell, or ask Scotty here when you two showed up. We've got this dumb camp thing coming up, right?"

They all nodded in agreement.

"Well, I've gotta problem with that, and I kinda need a favour from you guys. I'd really like to, well actually I need to, share a cabin with you fellas."

Now this very topic had been broached a couple of times already between them at school, usually by Ali. He had told Dan a few times that he should stay in their cabin, but while nothing had been said, Scotts reluctance to agree had been obvious. Matt had been non committal, not wanting to upset Scott, but Ali kept bringing it up. With the hidden knowledge of Scott's own secret, Dan fully understood his position. He was kind of banking on the fact that when Scott learned of his own problems, it might be enough to sway him towards accepting him, and having enough influence over the others to accept him as well.

That was the theory, anyway.

Even now, at the mention of sharing their cabin, Dan couldn't help noticing how Scott dropped his eyes, and shifted in his seat, suddenly uncomfortable. Matt had nervously glanced at Scott, gauging his reaction, but ultimately saying nothing. Ali was smiling, but decided to say nothing either, waiting to see how Scott would respond first. Dan didn't give any of them much chance to speak though, deciding to plow on regardless. Amy had placed her hand on his thigh, and that gesture of support was giving him the necessary strength to continue.

"You see," he said, "My problems are kinda embarrassing, because I actually have two of them."

He paused to extinguish his cigarette, then took a deep breath of the fresh night air. Feeling Amy's grip tighten on his leg, he turned to her, and saw her smiling with love and encouragement.

"Sometimes," he said, "I wet the bed."

There was a shocked silence. As much as they tried to be casual, both Ali and Matt turned towards Scott, waiting to see his response. Scott, who had been looking at his hands ever since the subject of sharing a cabin was mentioned, snapped his head up suddenly, staring at Dan with surprise.

Nobody spoke at first, but the air of expectation around the table was incredible. Everyone was waiting for somebody else to say something. Nobody else as much as Dan was though, and he could feel himself sweating despite the cool night air.

Eventually, Scott spoke, breaking the deadlock.

"Um, that's really not too bad Danny. I mean, it sucks and all, but it's not like the end of the world or nothing. But you said you had two problems. What's the other one?"

Dan looked over his friends shoulder, watching the cars driving past instead of meeting Scott's gaze.

"Im kinda incontinent too. I wet myself during the day as well, and I have to wear diapers."

The first silence had been nothing at all compared to this one.

*542*2016-10-14 13:11

Chapter 46:

"Wait, what?" Matt exclaimed, the shock obvious on his face.

Whilst he was the only one to speak, he apparently only beat Scott and Ali by a matter of seconds, their outcrys stifled by him getting in first.

Dan didn't even look at him, instead, choosing to keep his attention focused on the street traffic instead.

"You heard me," he said calmly. "I'm serious, I'm a bed wetter, and I wear diapers during the day as well."

Scott was flabbergasted. "But, but, you don't! You're not wearing one now, are ya?"

Instead of speaking, Dan stood up, and unbuttoned his jeans, pulling them, and his boxers, down far enough to show the waistband of his pull up, which could be easily identified even in the dark, thanks to the glow of a nearby streetlight. He didn't show them any more, because he didn't want them to see that it was wet, nor let them see the kiddie pictures on the front.

"Goodnights," he explained. "I wear these to school, or when I'm out, but I wear actual proper diapers when I'm at home."

Ali was incredulous. "But why mate? What's wrong? How did this happen? I had no idea!"

Dan couldn't believe how calm he felt. He was still waiting to see what the end result was, and what their final reaction would be, but whatever happened was now in the lap of the Gods. He had done it, and whatever happened next was out of his hands. If they decided that they didn't want to be his friends anymore, or even to ostracise him, and 'out' him to his schoolmates, well, he couldn't help it. It was a scary feeling, but also strangely liberating, almost as if a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. In his slightly stoned state, it didn't even seem to matter so much now. The encouraging looks that Amy and Nikki were bestowing on him was proof enough that he would still have at least two good friends, one of which he dearly loved. He buttoned up his pants, and sat down again, feeling quite at peace with himself.

"Simple," he said in response to Ali's stammering question. "My bladder hasn't kept up with the rest of me as I've grown, and it can't always cope. Listen, I'll explain...."

And he did. He told them how he'd always been a bed wetter, and how he'd always had occasional accidents when he was a kid, and how they had stopped, then started again with a vengeance once he'd hit puberty. He told them about his mishaps at his previous school, and how between him and his parents, they had come up with the plan of wearing pull ups to his new school.

"But we get changed in front of each other every week," Ali exclaimed, "you've never been wearing a, a, well, a pull up or anything before!"

Dan smiled. "Gym class first thing Monday Ali. I put one on after. It's always a bit risky for me running around without one, but I make sure I manage. I don't drink a lot, and I make sure that I pee a lot beforehand."

"So you've been wearing one pretty much ever since you've been going to St. Marks?" Scott marvelled. "How the fuck have you gotten away with it for so long?"

Dan was heartened to see Scott was at least smiling, and not appearing to be on the verge of running away, not just yet, anyway.

"It's not always easy," he told his friend. "I mean, it's not like I just piss my pants all the time. It's just, well, I kinda leak sometimes if I'm not like super careful. I go to the loo a lot, and I try not to drink a lot during the day. All our teachers know, and they let me go to the toilet whenever I need to, and..."

"I've kinda noticed that!" Matt blurted out. "I didn't ever say anything, cause I thought that I was like imagining it or something, but the teachers always let you go! They don't always do that! I just thought you was like a bit of a teachers pet sort of thing." He blushed a bit as he finished his observation.

"Not quite mate, but they have orders to let me go if I need to. That's when I change, if I'm like, you know, like wet or something I guess. I go to the nurses office if I need to change at break time. She's got spare pull ups in there for me, so I don't have to get changed in the boy's toilet when there's other kids around."

A metaphorical light bulb went off over Ali's head.

"That explains where you disappear to sometimes," he said. "Sometimes you're just not there anymore! It happened the other day! We were playing football, and you just like vanished before we went back to class!"

"Yep. I had to change. That's what happens sometimes."

"How bad is it?" Scott asked. "Do you just leak, or do you like ever actually fully wet your pants?"

"Mostly I just leak or dribble a bit," Dan told them, "but I do have bigger accidents sometimes, 'specially if I get forced to hold on for too long. But let's just say that I know what it's like to wet my pants...."

"Jeez Dan, that's terrible! So it's the camp thing that made you decide to tell us?" Ali enquired.

"That's pretty much it, Ali," Dan admitted. "My stupid mother is like forcing me to go. If I do go, I'll have to wear my grownup nappies, 'specially to bed, and I don't know what else I can do! You guys are my only friends, and I just can't sleep in a room with people who don't know about my problems, cause they'll like find out straight away. I'm really stuck here guys, if I don't go, I'll have to go to school with the big kids, and even if they don't know for sure, it won't stop them from calling me a bed wetter anyway, but if I do go, whoever I room with, is gonna find out for sure anyway! I'm kinda fucked either way. I kinda hoped that even if you guys didn't want to be my friends anymore, you might even just let me stay with you, and not say anything? But I guess I understand why ya may not want to, and if that's the case, I can't help it."

Dans voice was catching as he finished. He hadn't felt all that emotional at the start, but as he had verbalised it, it was quickly catching up with him. Now, as he put it into words, he was losing control of his feelings, but he couldn't help it. He had gone from feeling empowered, to feeling powerless, in a matter of a few short sentences. He uttered a small sob as he finished speaking.

Amy hugged him, whispering to him that it was alright, he had done a good job, and she still loved him no matter what.

The boys shuffled around uncomfortably, not speaking at first, but exchanging glances with each other. They appeared to reach an unspoken consensus, and once Scott nodded, it kind of became official. To mark the decision, Ali did the only obvious thing. He punched Dan on the arm. Hard.

"Stop your whining, sook," he exclaimed.

"Oww!" Dan yelled. "What the fuck, man?"

"Ali's right!" Scott declared. "You're a mate of ours, and no mate of ours carries on like a sook! Pull yourself together brother!"

"Jesus!" Matt said. "Just because you wear a nappy doesn't mean you should carry on like a baby Danny! Get it together dude!"

Dan looked up, an expression of hope etched into his boyish features.

Scott, as the unofficial leader, appeared to have taken control. "Come on everyone! Time we went back. I want another drink before my dad picks me up. Danny, walk with me buddy. I've got a little secret of my own to tell you, and I can explain it while we're walking back."

*548*2016-10-15 23:08

Thanks everyone for your kind comments.

Thats been the most difficult part to write so far. I've known for a long time what I wanted to happen, but have struggled to come up with the right scenario to do it in.

I wanted all six kids together, which was proving difficult as they hadn't all met yet. Then it needed to be awkward and embarrassing for poor Daniel, but not so much that he wouldn't do it.

I deceided to show him going through a bit of an angry, rebellious stage, where he could use his anger towards his mother as the necessary motivation to finally do what he keeps threatening to do. But I also needed to get them into a situation where they would finally be all together, and have the time and privacy for a good old fashioned teenage chat without any pesky grownups around to bother them. Then, Dan needed to be angry enough to do it, but relaxed enough at the same time.

That's really not an easy thing to do. If they already knew each other it would have been easier, but in real life, how do boys and girls from different schools get together in private without any parents or teachers hanging around? Even a party scene would've been implausible I thought. I kind of figured having Matt and Ali surprise bombing the double date would finally get them all together without any interfering adults to complicate things, and the pot smoking bit would at first bond them all together at first, then relax them enough to start talking intimately.

Anyway, it's finally done, for better or worse.

Now I've got the whole camp thing to worry about.

But I'm kinda liking Dans newfound rebellious streak though....

