Watching Over Konoha

Author: Pain

*000*2015-12-31 14:55

Wishing everyone on Omorashi.Org, A Very Happy New Year!

And a huge thanks to OmoCommando for his valuable inputs to the story! It wouldn't have been possible without him!

###

“I can’t believe this, Lady Tsunade wants us to stand guard on the wall!? Isn’t that a job for the Village Security Division?” Tenten rumbled as she walked.

“Yeah but the village is low on military power at the moment. Most of the shinobi are out on missions. But our watch is only for a few hours, so I guess it won’t be that big of a deal” Sakura replied.

“I hope so, I was looking forward to having some time off today” Tenten stated.

Hinata in her usual soft voice, asked, “Will there be other shinobi as well?”

“I don’t know, maybe. We’ll get to know once we’re there” Sakura smiled.

**

“Wow, this is great! I can see the whole village from here!” Ino chirped, holding the railing atop the wall and leaning a bit forward.

“Yeah, this place is so peaceful, I like it up here” Sakura spoke, looking down to see if she could spot her home in the cluster of establishments.

Although she stood quiet, Hinata wasn’t left untouched by the excitement either. This was her first time on top of the wall and she loved every bit of it. The scenic view both inside the wall and out was beyond words and she was glad for the chance to be up here.

“Come, let’s go to the guard tower” Ino proclaimed as she began walking and the others followed.

**

“I-It is quite big” Hinata spoke, looking around the large room.

“Yeah, it is big and open….and airy” Tenten remarked, counting the number of windows as she went up to the coffee maker and made herself a cup. She stirred the coffee and took a sip, “Wow! Surprisingly good!” she smiled.

“All I can see from here is the forest, we need to be vigilant all the time if we are to spot any intruders” Sakura said, looking through the stationary binoculars.

“Yes, we need to, but we’ve just reached up here, can’t we just relax for a bit?” Ino yapped, taking her seat on a wooden chair.

“Yeah sure, but no slacking off” Sakura answered as she pressed the pump and filled herself a glass of water from the dispenser.

With the time passing slowly, the girls took turns keeping watch from the tower. Her eyes aided Hinata with keeping an eye on the village and out. Long training sessions with Kiba and Shino had not only firmed her confidence but now she could see farther than ever before.

Holding the railing Hinata stood, looking at her village in admiration, the beautiful constellation of buildings leaving her full of awe.

Suddenly, a small twinge from her bladder caught her attention, maybe all the water and coffee she had been drinking was beginning to catch up to her. She could use a pee now, but the wall had no toilets.

She turned and walked back to the watch tower, where her friends sat chatting. Although she had to go to the bathroom, Hinata decided not to tell them. She walked up to a chair and sat down with her thighs pressed together.

“How much longer do we have to be here? I want to go back home..” Tenten complained.

Sakura smiled, “Sorry for ruining you day Tenten, but we still have a few hours to go before our watch ends.”

Sighing despondently, Ino moaned, “Oh no! It's so boring! Sitting behind the desk at my flower shop is better than this!”

Sun crawled up the sky as the time passed slowly and the girls started feeling the need to relieve themselves. With all the coffee and water streaming through their bodies, none of them could kick the sensation of their filling bladders.

“I hope this crap ends soon, I need to take a piss..” Ino stated, sitting on a chair with her crossed feet resting on the table.

“Yeah, me too… had so much to drink..” Tenten added as she walked towards the door and stood there, looking out and caressing her bladder.

“Our shift will end soon, so there’s no need to worry” Sakura said, looking at the clock hanging on the wall, “We’ll get to go home soon.”

Sitting on a chair near the window, Sakura too was definitely feeling the need to pee and was regretting her decision of having so much to drink without thinking about the consequences. But it was only after a while that she noticed that Hinata and Ino were also crossing their legs.

Hinata, who looked rather distressed, had her clasped hands resting on her lap. Her back was straight and her face wore a frowning expression.

“Hinata, are you alright?” Sakura asked softly.

“Y-Yes.. I-I am fine..” she replied.

“Are you sure? Do you need to go to the bathroom?” Sakura added.

“N-No, I don’t, I’m alright” Hinata blushed. Although she was trying to act calm, her rapidly filling bladder was making her a bit worried.

Being a shy and reserved girl, Hinata never let anyone know when she needed to pee. She was so protective about her privacy that she’d not use the toilets if anybody could see her walk in.

Tenten’s bladder too had started sending signals that it needed to be emptied. Each passing minute was making her want to pee more, but she was confident of her ability to wait and was sure she’d make it back home.

Ino sat squirming on her chair, biting her lower lip and legs knotted together, showing that her own need to pee was increasing steadily.

All the girls had their eyes stuck at the clock as time slowly crept towards the end of their shift. But just a few minutes before their watch was to end, an ANBU arrived with a scroll.

“Oh! Are you here as our replacement? ‘cause our shift is almost about to end” Ino jumped up from her chair.

“No” the ANBU said, “I’m here with an important message from Lady Hokage” he added, handing over the scroll to Sakura.

Sakura carefully unraveled it, and an expression of shock and anxiousness ran through her face.

“What’s the matter? Is everything alright?” Tenten asked.

“It says, our watch duty has been extended by another thirty-six hours because several more shinobi squads have been dispatched to the Land of Waterfall for an urgent mission and the village is extremely low on military power” Sakura said, her eyes fixed on the piece of paper.

“What!? This can’t be happening! We’ve already been here for eight hours and now we’ve to stay here for even longer? That’s ridiculous!” Ino yelled as she took the scroll from Sakura’s hands.

“Can we at least go home and come back?” Tenten asked, “I need to use the bathroom.”

“No, we can’t” Sakura replied , “We’ve been ordered to stay here until our shift ends or further instructions are given.”

Hinata, who was really looking forward to going home so she could use the toilet, was left mortified when she heard this. Thirty six hours sounded too long to her and although her need to pee wasn’t too great at the moment, she wasn’t sure if she could wait that long.

“If I may request, can you please ask Lady Tsunade if she could relieve us from our duties for at least half an hour? We have been up here for quite some time and all of us need to use the bathroom,” Sakura said to the ANBU.

“I’ll surely ask her and get back to you as soon as I can” he replied.

“Take your time, there’s no need to hurry, but make sure you don’t take too long” Sakura said as she handed the scroll back to him.

“Yes” the ANBU replied, before he turned around and left.

“Great! Now we’re stuck here!” Tenten said as she fell back on her chair.

“No, I know Lady Tsunade will discharge us from the watch soon, she knows we’ve been up here for the whole day” Sakura said, “A regular shift on the wall lasts anywhere around six to seven hours and we’ve already done more than that, I’m sure she’ll soon send a scroll to notify the end of our shift.”

“I hope so…” Tenten said holding her head.

As the girls waited for a word from Lady Tsunade, their discomfort grew to a considerable degree. Each one of them was now feeling an undeniable need to urinate and they did not know what to do about it.

Sakura could literally see a distinct bladder bulge peeking out over the top of Tenten’s pants. Even her own bladder felt full and distended but she knew she could wait a few more hours if need be.

“Damn it! Why isn’t Lady Tsunade sending someone to relieve us?” Ino said, pacing up and down.

“She might be busy, she is the Hokage after all” Sakura said as she sat with her hands and legs crossed.

Soon the night came but there was still no word from the Hokage’s office. All the girls were now bursting to go to the bathroom and none of them were sure if they could hold on much longer.

“I have to piss… “ Ino growled as she strode up and down the room, holding her head with both her hands.

“You seriously need to calm down, Ino” Sakura said.

“I can’t, I have to go to the bathroom..” Ino answered.

“So do we, but creating a scene like this isn’t going to help, we need to think of a solution” Tenten said, squirming on her seat and crossing her legs tighter.

“I’ve thought of it, there is no solution” Ino barked.

“Actually, there is…” Sakura said, “But I don’t know if it will be the right thing to do…”

“What is it?” Tenten asked firmly.

“I-It’s nothing, it’s just something silly I thought would work but it won’t…just forget about it…” Sakura shrugged her off.

“Tell us what it is?! “Ino said as she held Sakura by her shoulders and shook her a bit.

“Alright….but promise me you won’t tell Lady Tsunade about it” Sakura looked at her friends, “These are a kind of anesthetic pills that Lady Tsunade gave me to carry on missions,” she pulled out a neatly wrapped packet from her pouch,

“It basically dulls the functioning of the sensory nerves and reduces the pain,” she added, “It was essentially designed to affect the abdominal region, so I guess it will work as I suppose it would.”

“So what is it that you are suggesting?’ Tenten asked, looking at the round black pills.

“If we take these, our brains won’t able to register the signals from our bladders, which means a temporary respite from our need to relieve ourselves,” Sakura said.

“Really? How long do these pills keep in effect?” Ino asked.

“It depends on the user’s body type, the effect lasts longer on people with smaller bodies” Sakura answered as she slightly crossed her legs, “I’d suggest we take these if we want to get some sleep.”

“Looks like this is the only way we’ve got” Tenten said and the others nodded in agreement.

The girls, desperate to put a clamp on their aching bladders, gulped the pills down with some water.

Minutes passed and the pill started to show its effects on them, slowly nullifying the pain in their full bladders.

“I feel better now but I wish there was a bed I could sleep on,” Ino said, rubbing a hand on her bloated abdomen.

“Me too… I don’t feel like I need to go to the bathroom anymore, thanks for the pills, Sakura” Tenten said, showing a thumbs-up.

“That’s alright, I was reluctant about using these pills because they are still under testing and their effects on the human body aren’t very clear, but they seem to work just fine,” Sakura said as she walked up to the coffee machine and filled herself a cup, “Now we won’t be having problems, at least not for a while,” she added.

After they had food pills for dinner, the girls began discussing their plan for the night. All of them were tired from the day and none of them were eager to stand guard all night.

“How would it be if we take turns keeping the watch, one can stay on duty while the others rest for a while?” Tenten suggested.

“Yeah, that sounds good! But who would go first?” Ino asked.

“Umm.. if you guys don’t mind, I’d like to stand guard first, you all can sleep for a while” Hinata spoke, looking down at the floor.

“Sure, thanks a ton Hinata, I’ll be next when I wake up” Sakura beamed.

Hinata walked out of the room and stood at the wall railing, rubbing her bulging bladder as she gazed at the dark forest. She didn’t need to pee anymore but she could feel a dull fullness in her bladder.

The lulling moonlight and a gentle breeze made her sleepy but she rubbed her eyes and started walking to help herself stay awake.

As the night passed by, the girls switched posts, keeping watch one at a time. The pill had worked just as it was intended to and things went smoothly for a bit, but as morning came, its effects started to fade.

“I have to go to the bathroom again…” Tenten said as she stood grabbing her crotch and squeezing her thighs.

“Yes, I have to go too, looks like the pill is wearing off,” Sakura stated, gently caressing her throbbing bladder.

“So do you have any more of those pills? Looks like I’ll be really needing one” Ino said as she bent forward, squeezing her hands between her thighs.

“I wish I could say yes, but no, I don’t have any more pills left” Sakura shook her head.

“There’s still a long time to go before our watch ends, how are you going to hold it till then?” Tenten asked rather worried.

“I don’t know, we can just hope that Lady Tsunade sends someone to relieve us from the watch before it’s too late” Sakura said.

Distress crawled in the girls’ minds. Their achingly full bladders demanded to be emptied. Each one of them longed to pee and be comfortable again but the relief was nowhere in sight.

None of them knew when they’d get to go home, all they knew was that they were getting more and more uncomfortable with each passing moment.

Hinata now had her legs tightly crossed as she sat on a chair. Her bladder seemed to have stabilized but she still needed to pee really bad.

By ten o’clock both Sakura and Ino were holding between their legs. Hinata soon followed the suit but only grabbed her crotch when she was sure no one was looking.

As they sat in their chairs, somehow coping with their bursting bladders, a Jōnin walked into their room.

When the girls saw him, a glimmer of hope lit in their minds. Maybe he was here to relieve them from the watch and they could finally go home!

“Morning ladies, how have you all been?” he greeted, “My name is Osoi, I’m a member of the village’s Interception Division and the wall’s security in-charge,” he smiled.

“Are you here to let us go? We’ve been up here for a whole day!” Ino cried out.

“I wish I could, but I can’t let you guys leave at the moment” Osoi said, “I’m here to assign your patrol duties. You have to patrol the wall from posts 21-B to 27-F and report back in an hour” he said, looking at a paper pad in his hand.

“B-But, when will we get to go home?” Sakura asked, clenching her fists on her sides.

“I don’t know, we don’t have enough ninja present in the village at this moment, so we need whatever help we can get,” he said “Okay, I’ll see you all in an hour,” he turned around and left, leaving the four girls flaring in anger.

They did their patrol duty with aching bladders and reported back in the given time.

All four of them were still in full control when they got back to their watch station but they were now dying to go and be able to relax again.

This whole experience was especially mortifying for Hinata who had never been forced to hold her pee for this long ever before. She could feel the waistband of her pants getting tighter and tighter as her bladder continued to expand to outrageous proportions to contain all the liquid she had consumed.

As the day progressed, the girls began struggling to hold back the lakes of urine inside them. With no sign of respite from Lady Tsunade, all they could do now was hope.

“Oh god, I’ve got to piss so badly” Sakura sighed, as she sat with her legs crossed, holding her forehead.

“Me too, I just can’t think of anything else,” Ino said, crossing her legs and holding her aching, bursting, bladder , “I’m right at the limit of my capacity now, I don’t think I’ll be able to hold it much longer,” she groaned.

“This is insane! We’ve been up here for so long! They can’t just leave us here like this, this in inhumane!” Tenten cried out in frustration before taking a seat.

The girls sat with their legs tightly crossed as their bladders filled to absolute capacities.

Minute by minute as time crawled by, the girls were pushed to the edge of wetting themselves.

Ino crossed her legs tighter and squeezed her crotch hard as she leaned her head on the wall. She bit her lower lip as she squirmed in her chair, somehow trying hold back the flood she was containing. She couldn’t remember the last time she needed to pee this bad.

She looked around and saw her friends struggling to keep themselves dry. They all looked distressed but she knew none of them were as close to wetting themselves as she was.

There were almost fifteen hours to go before their watch ended and there was no way she could hold it that long. But she couldn’t just give up. She tensed her legs and wriggled slightly, trying to find a more secure position.

After another fifteen minutes, Ino found herself unable to sit still. She tried to concentrate on other things – the beautiful landscape out of the window, the sun that was now drowning on the horizon – but it wasn’t working.

Unable to take her mind off her need to pee, she crossed her legs tighter and exhaled slowly, closing her eyes.

But suddenly, a shot of urine escaped her and Ino clapped a hand over her mouth to keep from crying out. She grabbed her crotch with her other hand, holding tightly to regain control.

She knew she was fighting a losing battle. She had to pee so bad but there was nowhere she could go!

She just hunched back in her seat, still holding herself and clenching her thigh muscles.

More minutes passed and her muscles were now beginning to shake with the effort to hold on.

A few more drops of pee escaped and her panties felt uncomfortably damp. “Oh no” she sighed, staring dejectedly at her lap. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she sat there, helpless, thinking of what was about to happen.

Hinata noticed a tear drop off Ino’s chin, as she sat sniffling with her head down.

“Are you alright?” Hinata asked, placing a hand on Ino’s back.

Ino’s lower lip trembled violently, but the words came tumbling out. “I can’t hold it much longer, I don’t want to wet myself!” she stammered out the last few words, her voice squeaking.

One look at Ino’s tightly coiled body, her legs twisted together, and her hand buried deep between her legs, told Hinata that she was telling the truth.

Hinata wanted to help her friend but there was nothing she could do. She just rubbed Ino’s back gently, and hoped it would make her feel better.

Ino continued to cry with her head held down. She just didn’t have the strength left to hold herself any longer.

When another jet of pee ran out of her, Ino squeezed her crotch tighter in a final desperate bid to hold on but by now, urine had started trickling into her underwear.

She removed her hand from her crotch and covered her face in humiliation as a pool of pee started to form on her seat. She pressed her legs together to stop the flow but it was too late.

Hinata’s eyes widened in shock as the realization of what was happening dawned upon her.

Gripped with shame Ino started crying profusely as urine soaked into her clothes at a steady rate.

The sensation of wetting herself was accompanied by the feeling of piss streaming and pooling on the chair as it started trickling onto the tiled floor as she sat wetting herself.

At the soft, dripping sound, Sakura and Tenten turned abruptly and saw the small but growing puddle under Ino’s chair. They both looked away and tried their best to ignore the sound of Ino’s pee splattering on the floor. Being desperate themselves, the last thing they wanted to see was someone having an accident.

Ino’s head was still down, her body shivering. The relief she was feeling was unlike anything she had ever felt before. She could feel her bladder slowly constricting, gradually sinking back to its normal shape as the pee flowed out of her.

Somewhere buried under the feelings of shame and humiliation, Ino was thankful that her pain had finally come to an end.

The puddle spread out at an alarming rate, and soon went under Hinata’s feet. But she didn’t move, she just stood there, consoling Ino and rubbing her back.

Although her shorts and skirt were soaked by now, Ino wasn’t nearly done. She kept wetting silently, aware only of the sensations of her heart pounding in her ears and pee flowing between her legs.

After a few minutes, the stream finally trickled to a stop. It took Ino a few seconds to realize that she was no longer actively peeing; the humiliation of losing control and wetting herself was so overwhelming, that she couldn’t even sense her body’s response.

Her breaths were shallow as the horror of the situation slowly crept over her. She didn’t have the strength to remove her hands from her face and look at her friends.

She’d just peed all over her clothes and the floor and now all she wanted was to run away from there.

“Ino? Ino?” Hinata shook her a bit, “Talk to me please!” she said before she gently removed Ino’s hands from her face, allowing her tears to fall freely. Ino turned her face away in dejection as she continued to weep miserably.

“Look at me Ino, it’s alright, it was just an accident” Hinata said as she bent a little further and took Ino in her arms.

Ino cried like a child as Hinata comforted her. She just couldn’t believe what she had done.

A few seconds later, she folded her arms around Hinata, leaning forward.

This accident had shaken her internally, the physicality of her shame was so great that she could do nothing but weep.

Hinata stroked Ino’s back gently, whispering soothing words into her ear. After a few long minutes, Ino’s cries softened into sniveling breaths and she eventually managed to control herself.

Hours passed as the sun slipped away and the moon took its place. Ino sat in a corner, her knees pulled up to her chest as she stared continuously at the immense puddle she had made on the floor.

Nobody said a word as they sat in different corners. The sight of Ino’s accident had only made things worse for the rest of the girls, and none of them were sure they could survive the night without meeting the same fate.

Tenten, who had a hand on her throbbing bladder stood up from her seat and crossed her legs, “I don’t think, I can hold it much longer,” she moaned as she squeezed her crotch.

“No, you can’t just give up” Sakura said as she bent double in her chair, with both hands buried deep inside her crotch, “..maybe someone will come and relieve us from the watch.”

“No one is going to come; they’ve just left us here to rot while they’re enjoying and having fun down there!” Tenten snapped, frustration and annoyance clearly spilling from her tone.

“Please Tenten, you need to calm down..” Sakura sighed, struggling to keep her own clothes dry.

“I cannot calm down, I need to use the bathroom!” Tenten shot back as she walked a few steps with a hand in her crotch and the other on her hip. Her breathing grew heavy as she felt her pee hole pulsating. Tenten knew she had reached the end of her rope and there was not much time left for her.

To her horror, her prophecy came true when a few minutes later, a long streak of urine shot out of her and ran down her leg.

“Oh no!” she gasped, holding her crotch tighter and crossing her legs where she stood.

Ino, Hinata and Sakura turned their eyes towards Tenten, who was now anxiously looking down at her crotch.

“Are you alright?” Sakura asked.

Tenten didn’t respond but a sudden squeal escaped her throat as a wet patch emerged on the crotch of her pants.

Another stream of pee had managed to escape and soak into her clothes but Tenten somehow stopped it before it turned into a flood.

The sudden surge of pressure in her abdomen made Tenten gasp and dance even harder, raising her right knee up to level with her hip, then placing that foot on the ground and raising the left knee. She was on the verge of losing it, and she knew it.

Despite doing everything she could to wait, Tenten felt a trickle of pee leaking into her panties. She struggled with every ounce of her strength to plug the leak, but it was no good; her muscles were too tired to keep all that pee in any longer. Still, she could not bring herself to just let it go, as badly as she needed the relief that would bring. Her bladder felt so heavy inside her, as if it had stretched enough to contain a gallon, although she knew it couldn't really be much more than a couple of liters.

She fought on for another few minutes, bouncing and curtseying, wiggling her knees back and forth in a rapid scissoring motion, and bending over forward a little with her knees pressed together so hard she could almost feel the bones grating. Whatever she did, the trickle continued, gradually gathering strength until, finally, she could feel it traveling down her inner thighs.

Tenten looked down and saw the tell-tale streaks of wetness on the legs of her pants, and watched in morbid fascination as they spread down towards her trembling knees. She could feel the wetness gathering around her crotch and spreading across her butt. She had fought so hard and lost.

The warmth flooded her pants as her pee flooded down her legs. She watched it run down the tops of her feet and splashing on the floor, forming a puddle that grew rapidly as she just stood there, peeing and peeing and peeing.

When, at last, the torrent eased to a trickle and then ceased altogether, Tenten straightened up and stood there with her head down, refusing to acknowledge the judging gaze of her friends.

Looking at her pants which were now soaked from crotch to ankles, Tenten choked back a sob and stepped away from her puddle.

“This is so embarrassing” she sighed, covering her face as she couldn’t hold back her tears any longer.

“Please don’t cry Tenten, I’m sure we’ll get to go home soon” Hinata said, walking up to her friend. She held Tenten by her shoulders and sat her down on a chair.

Although Hinata was trying her best to comfort Tenten, she remained inconsolable and kept sobbing silently.

“Shhhh. Just breathe. It’s OK. It’s OK. Just breathe,” Hinata mumbled, as she kept rubbing Tenten’s back.

Slowly, minute by minute, Tenten came back to her senses. Her cries died down, but the humiliation remained. Her sodden pants hung heavily on her legs and the wetness made her skin itch.

Hinata kept talking, calmly, consistently, as Tenten’s breathing evened out. "It's OK. It's OK. You're alright."

After a while of comforting and soothing, Hinata rubbed Tenten’s shoulders, “Are you alright?” she asked.

Tenten gently nodded before Hinata brought her a glass of water.

The candle lights flickered in the wind as the night grew darker.

Sakura sat in her chair, holding her head as the pressure in her bladder rose to an awful degree. The pain was unbearable and each breathe she drew, pushed her pee closer to the exit. Strained beyond imagination, her bladder felt like it would burst any second.

Hinata, who was reluctant to hold herself in the presence of others, now had a hand jammed between her legs. Her own bladder was swollen rock hard, stretched so much that the pain it caused was unbearable. But she kept mum and went on suffering.

A little past midnight, as the girls sat waiting, a sudden sound of approaching footsteps startled them. Ino and Tenten had just started towards the door when Kotetsu and Izumo stepped in.

“Hey everybody, how’s it going?” Kotetsu exclaimed, “We are here as your replacements!”

“Oh, thank god, you’re here!” Sakura said as she stood up from her seat and started taking baby steps towards the door. She was finally free to go!

“Sorry for spoiling your mood but not all of you are relived from the watch yet” Izumo stated.

Sakura stopped dead on her track as she heard this, “What does that mean?” she asked, fighting to keep her voice from shaking.

“It means that only two of you have the permission to go home” Kotetsu said, “….Ino and Tenten.”

These words from Kotetsu made Sakura’s eyes widened in horror. She was on the verge of wetting herself and she couldn’t even think of holding it until her shift was over. “Please let me go, I really have to use the bathroom,” she pleaded, crossing her legs and clenching her fists.

“I am sorry, but these are the orders” Izumo said.

“Hey, did you guys wet yourself?” remarked Kotetsu, looking at the puddles on the floor and then subsequently at Ino and Tenten. Both the girls turned red with embarrassment as they stood there, trying to cover the wetness of their clothes, “Anyways, you are free to go now, good night.”

As Ino and Tenten began to leave, Sakura grudgingly walked back to her chair and crossed her legs immediately when she found herself seated. Her anger and frustration knew no bounds. She’d been so sure she’d get to go home when she saw Kotetsu and Izumo coming, but she was still stuck here, guarding the walls while nursing a bladder full of piss.

“I guess we should start patrolling now, are you ready to go girls?” Kotetsu asked.

Hinata and Sakura looked at each other in sheer horror. Both girls had to pee profusely and the last thing they wanted was walking around with bladders this full.

“Do you mind if I stay back, I am having a really bad stomach ache,” Sakura said, bending forward in her chair.

“I wish I could allow you that, but all the watch guards need to patrol the walls periodically, it’s a protocol followed to assure the village’s security” Izumo said.

At this moment, Sakura didn’t really care about the village’s security, all she cared about was getting inside a toilet and taking a piss, but she had no choice.

Stopping their pee at the gates, both girls began patrolling the wall. Their bladders ached as they walked and each step felt like torture as they struggled to keep their clothes dry.

When Kotetsu and Izumo stopped in-between to take a piss off the edge of the wall, Sakura felt like yelling at them, but she somehow controlled herself.

The night passed and morning came and the chirps of the birds filled the air again.

By now, Sakura and Hinata had grown deliriously exhausted and both didn’t know how much longer they’d be able to hold it.

Sakura now was holding her crotch continuously. She was sure she’d wet herself if she didn’t apply the much needed external pressure.

Osoi from the Interception Division, walked into their room at seven o’clock sharp.

“I want everybody to gather outside for inspection” he said, before he turned around and walked out.

Sakura and Hinata followed the order with extreme unwillingness. They walked out of the room holding their crotches and stood side by side, facing Osoi.

“Stand at ease” he commanded.

Kotetsu and Izumo responded promptly to the order, but Hinata and Sakura showed reluctance. Neither of them could now dare to remove their hands from their crotches or part their legs.

“Girls, I said stand at ease” Osoi said sternly.

Hinata hesitantly yielded to the command. Having her hand removed from her crotch put immense strain on her bladder and her need to pee worsened more than she’d thought but she managed to hold it somehow.

Everyone was now waiting for Sakura, who still had her legs partially knotted and a hand inside her crotch. Her pee hole felt like it was about to burst open and she was sure she’d wet herself the moment her hand leaves her crotch.

Against her will, she clasped her hands behind her back but kept her thighs pressed tightly together.

“Sakura, your feet have to be apart when you’re standing at ease” Osoi remarked.

Tears filled her eyes as Sakura struggled to keep to keep from wetting herself. The pain and pressure had grown insufferable and there was nothing she wanted more than be able to relieve herself.

Somehow holding her pee at the edge, Sakura slowly spread her feet a little apart. Her vision was now clouded and she could barely breathe. Her bladder was so full now it was almost numb.

As they all stood there, being inspected, Sakura suddenly felt few drops of urine escape into her panties. Her eyes widened in horror as she felt the control of her bladder suddenly starting to slip.

And then unexpectedly, a stream of pee escaped, dampening her panties even further. Although she managed to stop the flow at first, spurts kept shooting out of her inconsistently.

Her panties and shorts had grown uncomfortably wet by now and her legs were trembling with the effort she making to hold on.

Just when she thought she had regained control, a long stream of pee shot out of her and made its way through her wet clothes before splattering on the ground.

Thankfully, nobody noticed this and Sakura continued her struggle against her exhausted sphincters.

She desperately wanted to squeeze her crotch, but by now she was past the point of no return.

A river of urine started escaping Sakura and flowing down her leg as Osoi discussed the wall’s security with Kotetsu and Izumo.

She closed her eyes in shame as her bursting bladder finally erupted and hot pee started trickling down her legs and splashing on the floor.

The splattering sound of water made everyone turn their heads towards Sakura, whose face had turned red in embarrassment.

“Oh my god!” Osoi breathed when he saw a puddle growing under the girl’s feet.

Sakura broke into painful gasping sobs on hearing this as she just stood there with her hands clasped behind her back, wetting herself.

The men looked in complete shock and disgust before moving away from the poor girl.

Tears dripped off Sakura’s chin as she continued to let her bladder empty itself for what seemed like an eternity. It was all she could do to stand there, her legs trembling, and watch helplessly as hours of waiting and suffering and torture came at last to a gorgeous end.

The relief she felt was amazing; nothing short of orgasmic.

Finally, after a few minutes, the waterfall died down and the last trickles of pee made their way out of her exhausted bladder.

Her shorts and apron skirt were completely ruined, almost fully soaked front and back. Her legs were shimmering with streaks of pee, and her boots were drenched. Her puddle was almost five feet in diameter and the only sound that could be heard was of the occasional drops of pee hitting it as they dripped off Sakura’s sodden clothes.

She wept miserably, still holding her hands behind her back and standing with her legs wide apart. She didn’t have the courage to face anyone, not even Hinata.

Struggling with her own need to pee, Hinata somehow approached her weeping friend and held her, “Sakura, please don’t cry” she said as she stood with her thighs tightly pressed together.

“Are you aright, Sakura?” Osoi asked.

Sakura didn’t respond. She just kept sniveling with her head down, tears dropping off her face.

“Maybe you should go home and rest, Sakura. We’ll take the watch from here,” Osoi said, his voice much gentler than before.

Finally after two days, she was free to go home. Without saying a word, Sakura nodded slightly before she began walking, leaving wet foot prints behind as she left.

“That’s so shameful” Osoi said as he looked at the massive puddle Sakura had left on the floor. He couldn’t believe that a grown up girl like her could ever wet herself like that.

An expression of panic ran across Hinata’s face as she saw Sakura walk away. The realization that she was now left alone to guard the wall with these men, while holding a bursting full bladder made her frown with anxiousness.

Her head suddenly started to feel heavy with the strain of holding. Shivers ran down her body as she heard Osoi, instructing them. By the time the inspection was over, the pain had grown so great, that she limped the entire way back to the watch station.

“Are you okay? You seem unwell” Izumo asked as they entered the room.

“Y-yes, I-I’m fine” she lied. Hinata couldn’t have been further from being fine. She had just lost a small spurt of pee into her panties and there was still an hour to go before her watch ended.

Sitting on a chair with her legs tightly crossed, Hinata kept pulling the waistband of her pants away from her bursting bladder when Izumo and Kotetsu weren’t looking.

She had her eyes stuck on the clock now. Although each passing minute drew her closer to freedom, she was worried her bladder would explode before she would get to walk out of there.

She now could not stop worrying about how badly she wanted to go, and the time felt like it was passing so slowly. Hinata had her legs crossed like she had never done before, twisted together a whole turn, and she was discretely squirming about, trying to get them even tighter.

For a few short, mad moments, she considered simply getting up and walking home, admitting she had to pee right then, her bladder almost out of control and about to burst. But she knew she couldn’t just abandon her watch.

She needed to concentrate every second to keep her bladder under control, and for a dreadful moment she thought she was going to lose it, instinctively jamming her other hand between her legs, blocking off her pee, about a millimeter from her knickers, or so it felt. Although she had been holding herself for quite a while now, it was still pretty embarrassing, so she resorted to the old trick of resting her other arm across her lap to hide what she was doing from Izumo and Kotetsu, who stood chatting near the door.

As the clock struck nine, Hinata’s mind was dashed with a new ray of hope. Her watch was finally over and now she could go home!

Standing up from her chair was an extra strain on her overfilled bladder, a preview of the effort it would take to walk back home, but she summoned some reserves of bladder control and clenched herself shut, knocking her knees together with the effort she was making. Her bladder was so full that she couldn’t even stand straight, let alone walk.

Holding her crotch, she walked towards the door, where Kotetsu and Izumo stood. She didn’t care if they could see her like this. At least it was better than wetting herself in front of them.

“I-I guess it’s time for me to leave, my shift is done” she said, her voice strained.

“Okay, thanks for your help Hinata. See you soon” Izumo smiled.

With one huge effort of willpower Hinata turned around and walked towards the stairs. How she held back her pee for this long she would never know.

She knew the walk back home was going to be difficult in her condition but she had to do it. She knew she could do it if she really tried.

Walking made her want to go even more than standing, and it took every ounce of her strength, every muscle in her body clenched tight, to hold in her pee. She would have run if she had been able to, but she could hardly manage to hobble , legs stiff and pressed together, the only way she could keep her pee in.

She was hanging on to her bladder with all her strength as she finally reached the ground level, just, only just, in control, but the pressure and the urgency, had been getting worse and she did not have any reserves of strength left to contain it. She was on the brink of wetting herself and she simply was not in a position to hold on to her pee much longer.

A small spurt of urine ran out of her as she walked but it didn’t stop her. A few hundred steps took her to the market which was bustling full of people.

She pressed her hand tighter between her legs as she walked, hoping that in the crowd it would not be noticed, but really not caring, because she would rather be seen holding her crotch than wetting her knickers. With her fingers jammed between her legs she could walk more quickly, but still close to a complete breakdown.

Then suddenly, another long spurt of pee jetted out of her, creating a small patch on the crotch of her pants. Hinata froze in horror as she felt the warm urine dampening her panties..

Holding her crotch tighter, she willed herself to keep walking, ignoring the stares from the people.

One more thick jet of urine escaped a few steps later and ran down her legs. Her eyes started to well up with tears as the realization that she wasn’t going to make it crawled upon her.

She sniveled with her face down as more and more squirts of piss came out of her as she kept walking, and a big wet patch formed on the back of her pants. The emotional strain of it was too much for her to handle and she suddenly felt all alone in a crowd of people.

It was just her and a sensation of her pee slowly seeping into her pants.

And then suddenly, without any warning, a torrent of urine exploded out of her with incredible pressure and began soaking her clothes. Her sphincters had given up. Hinata was having an accident.

The realization that she was wetting herself in a crowded market place crashed heavily upon her and she started to sob like a lost child.

“Look she’s wetting herself!” she heard a man ,”That’s disgusting!” said another.

Hinata ignored every word that fell on her ears as she went on taking her walk of shame, the wetness on her pants expanding rapidly.

Each step brought utmost relief as copious amounts of pee flowed out of her bladder. It felt so good to let all that pressure come out but the price for it was too great.

She kept wetting herself, all the way from the market to her home, leaving a trail of pee behind.

Hinata entered her home, after the long, agonizing walk, her eyes a burst dam of tears. She stopped when her father saw her but ran away when he tried to speak.

In her room, she took off her pee drenched clothes and put them in the laundry basket before climbing into her bathtub.

All the hot water in the world wouldn’t have been enough to wash away her feeling of disgust. She cried her heart out sitting in the tub, holding her knees close to her chest. She could never forget the stares of those people who had seen her wetting her pants. It was so embarrassing and now she'd have to live with it all her life.

When she stepped out of the bath, Hinata put some dry clothes on and went to bed, sad but satisfied that at least she could do her duty.

*002*2016-01-01 14:09

{{:

That was Awsome

}}

Really? Thanks a ton!

*005*2016-05-31 02:53

{{1 hour ago, aaaaaaaaaaa said:

The best story I've ever read!! 4 omorashi girls!

}}

Thank you so much sir. I'm glad you like it.

*007*2016-05-31 10:47

{{2 hours ago, aaaaaaaaaaa said:

Can you tell me what is the 'wall' at the beginnig of the story? I don't understand.

}}

It means the wall that surrounds the village of Konoha. In the picture below, you can see two shinobi standing guard on the wall.

$$

