Slumber Party

Author: Princess Jury

*000*2011-04-06 00:42

Here is my first requested story! I have some attachments so you can better picture the girls' outfits, or at least the ones I had a picture of. Enjoy!

Amy sat up in her sleeping bag, not bothering nor daring to fall asleep. She was over at a slumber party at Serena's, but now the girls were fast alseep and Amy was regretting having drinking all that soda eariler. She was too scared to get up and use the bathroom, but being too shy, she didn't have the crouage to wet the bed or go in a cup. She grasped her cat pillow and wiggled around, trying hard not to fall alseep and wet the bed. She looked to her right and saw Lita snoozing softly, her brown locks covering her face a little as she breathed in and out softly. Lita was wearing her white lacy panties to bed with her black jacket unzipped over them while the rest of her clothes layed in a piled heap next to her sleeping bag.

Amy wiggled agian and looked at the girl on her right, which was an attractive golden blond haired girl. this girl was named Mina, and a red bow lay crookdly in her hair to keep it in place. Mina was wearing her ruffled pink blouse to bed in place over her bright orange panties. Amy knew that Raye was sleeping in a seprate room and Serena was sleeping in her bed. Amy dropped her pillow onto her bed and reasted her head on it. Do not go to sleep, she willed herself over and over again. She must've lost the battle, because she woke up at 3 AM when a loud clap of thunder woke her. She woke up with a jolt and checked her vital signs to see she was still alive, just merely startled.

She moved her sheets around to make herself more comfterble and almost screamed at the timy dime sized wet spot in her bed. "Oh no, I can't wet the bed! What will my friends think?" she wondered softly. Neither Mina or Lita wke up, so Amy figured she was safe-for now. Amy's sunshine yellow pajaima pants had a small wet spot on the crotch, matching the one on her sleeping bag. Serena moved in bed a little bit, and Amy forced herlsef into her wet, sticky sleeping bag to hide the edvidence.

Serena sat up a little in bed and looked around her room, then seliently removed the quilt and moved across the room and tried to open the door. Amy realized Serena must've locked the door eariler in the night and forgot all about it. Serena kept her blond hair up with two white bows that matched her pink nightgown that had a white collar and bow on the front. Her pink slippers made soft padding sounds as she danced on the carpet, trying to get the door open. Amy sat up higher and watched the blond girl, grasping her crotch and struggling to get the locked door open.

"Serena?" Amy asked. "Are you okay?" Serena's eyes widened but she refused to stare the blue-haired girl in the eyes. Still she tried to open the door, dancing on the floor. Mina and Lita were starting to stir from all the noise and asked what had happened as well. "The door is locked, Serena. And the doornob on the other side broke, so there's no way to unlock the door," Amy said, recalling last night's events. Tears welled in Serena's bright blue eyes. "But I can't just wet myself right here!" she cried. She still struggled to open the door.

Mina kicked her way out of her sleeping bag, letting everyone stare at her underwear for a second. "Well, maybe there's something you can use as a subsutite." she said. Amy forgot all about her bladder in the commtion, and then she felt the pain again. She tried getting up but fell on her pillow, releasing hot spurt to run down the back of her legs. Mina was trying to conveince Serena to use one of the empty soda cans, Amy noticed. She was starting to cave....NO! Amy yelled in her head.

She was way to shy to even have the thought of dropping her pants and drawers in front of the girls and going, even if they were her friends. She picked her pillow up and placed it under her so she could ease some pressure. Another hot spurt forced its way out and she grasped her crotch as she wiggled under her blankets so nobody would see her desperate need, which was now very obvoius. Lita had fallen asleep again, but Mina was still trying to convenice Serena into using something other then the toliet.

Amy tried to listen to their converstation, but she soon got so tired she fell alseep with the blankets only half on. She dreamed of swimming in the pool with Michelle on those hot summer days, and how the warm the pool was since they heated it up, and then she imagned she won and was enjoying a steam-filled bath. She woke up to 3 girls screaming and woke up screaming.

"What happened?" she asked, looked around the room. Lita had moved away from Amy's sleeping bag, and at first she thought a crockroach or something else horrid had crawled into her bed, so she moved her blankets getting ready to squish it, but instead she saw a gaint wet spot on her sheets. She screamed, and Mina screamed. Raye rushed into the room and opened the door, even though there wasn't a doornob on the otherside of the door. "Why is everyone screaming? Did someone get hurt?" she asked worridly.

Mina pointed at Amy's sleeping bag and Amy felt everyone's eyes on her. She blushed a red so dark nobody thought possible and burst into tears. "It wasn't my fault! I just drank a lot of soda last night! Please don't get mad at me!" she cried. The girls awed at her. Mina helped Amy up. "It's okay, wetting the bed happens to everyone regardless of age." she soothed. Amy wiped the tears from her eyes using her over-sized pajiama sleeve.

"Really?" she asked. Raye suddenly felt embrassed about coming inside their room wearing nothing but an orange and yellow striped nightshirt. Serena was on the floor, tossing her lumpy skirt around. "Serena, aren't you going to help us clean Amy up?" Lita asked, now fully awake. Serena blushed a little and scooted away, but banged her head on the dresser and the half-empty soda can tobbled and poured its contented all over her, soaking her hair, stickying up her dress, and bring out another visable stain among the soda spill. "Oh my gosh! Serena, you just peed yourself!" Raye laughed, trying to help her up. Serena pushed her away. "Not funny, Raye!" she yelled. "Good thing I left the door open so we can leave." Raye added.

"I can wash the sleeping bag and Amy's pjiamas myself," Serena said. She started to roll up the sleeping bag, and the girls stopped her. "You can hardly cook without making people sick and can't sew a sampler without pricking yourself on the thread! What makes you think you can wash clothes?!" Raye asked her loudly. Serena crossed her arms, tossed her hair and turned away. "I just know that I can. Notice, washing clothes doesn't sicken people nor can I harm myself while doing so." she pointed out. "Maybe I should just do it.....?" Lita asked, traling off. "We don't have time to discuss this. Did you check the time?! Our parents would freak if they found out we were up this late, even if it was a weekend!" Mina screeched.

The clock read 4:15 AM, so the girl knew they were up very late indeed. Lita took the sleeping bag from the floor and started the washing machine while Mina and Raye helped Serena and Amy get ready for a bath. The girls hoped that nobody would find out about their night, and, of crouse, nobody did since the girls are very good at keeping secrtes.

*002*2011-04-06 01:21

I'm glad you enjoyed it. :D

*004*2011-04-06 01:59

Sorry that this is a bit uneidted, but I'm guessing it was still readable because of all the comments I'm getting, lol

*011*2011-05-23 00:32

{{ 

That was a good story, but there was a bit of unneeded content. I still enjoyed it, though.

}}

What was the unneeded content? If it's not too major I could get rid of it when I edit the story. :)

