Nicole and Ann: Stargazing

Author: goth-kitty

*000*2014-02-18 01:03

Nicole’s got a big night planned for us. Lot’s of wetting fun to come. I drink my afternoon tea looking forward to the slight embarrassment, and utter satisfaction that lies in the near future. We’re both going to wet in public tonight.

A few hours later, around seven Nicole calls. I better start getting ready! Black stockings and a slim black dress later I’m almost ready. I slick back my short hair and put on some make up for the special occasion. I hope Nicole likes it. I feel a twinge in my bladder, surely from my morning tea, and smile. This is going to be a fun night. I hear a knock at the door so I slip on my flats and answer.

Nicole’s hair shimmers in the moonlight, loose black curls cascading down her shoulders. She smiles perfectly and takes my hand. I lock the front door and we slowly walk to her car. Her short dress gets caught in a slight breeze and I see her black satin panties hugging her hips. This is going to be a good night.

It takes a half hour to get to the restaurant and I can feel my bladder filling even more. Nicole’s driving was very careful so I’m sure she is in quite the same situation as I am. We walk into some Italian restaurant Nicole picked out and we’re seated near the doors. I see her feet tap under the table, and mine do too.

The waiter takes our order and we sip our water for a while before some beautiful pasta arrives. I’m not the least bit interested in eating. All I can focus on now is my filling bladder. Pressure is building. “You ok?” Nicole says, smiling slyly, and I nod, smiling, then winking. Apparently it’s very obvious. I pick at my pasta until Nicole finishes hers.

“Where do you want to go now?” I say as we walk to her car. “Let’s go to the park” She responds. I nod and we drive off. That seems like a good starter for my first public wetting. I can’t help but press my hands between my legs to help hold. I wonder how long Nikki’s been holding because she does not seem nearly as desperate as I am. I really don’t want to do this all alone.

We park in the abandoned lot next to the swings and Nicole hops out to retrieve something from the trunk. I carefully exit her car, feeling pressure grow as I stand. She wanders toward the swings with a little black bag, setting it down and swinging high. I sit on the adjacent swing and barely sway, keeping my hands firmly pressed between my thighs.

Nikki giggles and short red dress bellows in the wind as she swings. She slows down saying “Awe does Annie need to pee?” She hops off her swing mid-flight and saunters over to where I’m doubled over in my swing. I give her my best puppy dog eyes and she say “Well you didn’t last very long,” then sticks out her tongue.

She beckons me toward her so I blindly follow her into a small clearing in the nearby woods. She sets down her bag on an old stump and takes my hands. She sways her hips and pulls me into a slow dance, twirling me once, then again. I giggle and stumble, feeling a small spurt of pee leak into my cotton panties. I quickly grab for my wee hole and feel a damp patch on my tights.

Nicole giggles and starts tickling me. I laugh and beg her to stop, but it’s too late. I feel the warm pee flood my tights and stream down my legs. I stand there in shock, and Nicole watches the pee cascade from my body, biting her lip. “That’s hot,” she says, pulling me toward her, kissing my neck, around my jaw, then finally I feel her soft lips on mine, while I continue peeing in the grass.

She lets go of me breathing in slowly and deeply, then smiling so very sexily. She grabs my hand and her bag, then we wander back to the swings. I feel the once warm pee cooling on my tights and I shiver. She sits me on a swing and says “My turn.” She sits on my lap facing me, pushing the swing, making it slowly sway. I hold onto the chains and she takes my face in her hands, kissing me.

I feel my thighs warm again, but it’s not me this time. Nicole’s warm pee falls over my cold legs while the swing sways and our lips mingle. I am on the very edge of climax and I rock my hips, feeling no relief. My cheeks are flush and Nicole takes her cue. Once she straightens her dress and winks at me she grabs her bag, pulling out two familiar vibrators.

I smile, knowing that the best part is about to take place. I rub myself outside my tights, beckoning Nicole toward me with my free hand. She pulls me up and we wander back to the grass where my tights were soaked the first time. She lies me in the grass, pulling down my soaked bottoms, and stimulating me.

She explores my nether regions while I rock my hips into her. I feel my body warming all over, climax immanent. Finally in one burst of pure ecstasy, Nicole turns the vibrator on high, sending me into the realm of pure joy,

I breath hard, rolling my hips in the grass post orgasm, reveling in it. I hear Nicole breathing hard next to me and the vibrator roaring. Although overcome with a sleepy feeling, I know it’s my turn. I do my best to crawl toward my lover kissing down her neck, stomach, then reaching her most private of parts. She removes her hand and in their place I tickle and lick, tease and suck. She rocks her hips to my every touch. She moans loudly, her muscles tensing. She closes her eyes in trance.

We lay next to eachother, panty-less and shivering in the spring night stargazing.

*001*2014-02-18 04:57

I feel silly now. I was reading around the site and found out it's better to post continuations of the series on the same thread, and I have not been doing that.

I had three other posts of Nicole and Ann but they're separate. From now on anything Nicole and Ann I will post on this thread.

*005*2014-03-19 04:06

Here's another instantiation of Nicole and Ann! Thank you everyone for your words!

Nicole and Ann: Moving In

I’m so excited I’m shaking as I grab the last box from the uhaul. Ann asked me to move in with her last week, and we’re finally moving my things. I have dreamed of this day! I place the box on the floor of the living room and go to shut the front door when Ann steps out of the living room smiling. “I put your fairy figurines on the mantle, but I’m sure you’ll arrange them differently later,” she says. This makes me smile. She knows all of my quirks, this will be a perfect new home.

I kick the door closed and embrace Ann. “I love you,” I whisper in here ear. She kisses my cheek and returns to unpacking. I follow suit, and soon all that’s left to do is return the uhaul. “Thank you love, I’m so glad you’ve open your home to me” I say, handing Annie her third glass of lemonade. She quickly downs her juice and smiles seductively. This is going to be a fun night.

I grab the keys to the truck and take Ann’s hand, but she stands solid, legs clenched tightly. I smirk, knowing this can only end well. “Come on hun, we have to return the truck before dark, it’s only a ten minute drive,” I plead. She nods, taking her car keys from the counter.

We drive over separately and I sign the paperwork to return the truck. Ann hops out of her car just as I’m exiting the shop. She bounces from one foot to the other, crossing and uncrossing her legs. “You drive Nikki, I can’t focus anymore,” she says, tossing me her keys. I nod and hop in the drivers’ seat with her sauntering to the passenger side. I can’t help but stare at her quivering legs as she sits.

Annie crosses her legs tightly as I start the car. Normally it would only take ten minutes to get back to our apartment (ours!), but it’s now 5pm, meaning rush hour traffic. Ann shoves her hand into her crotch, whimpering. I bite my lip and put a comforting hand on her leg. “We’re almost home sweetie.” The light turns green, but we’re stuck behind a line of 30 cars. There is no way we’ll get through this light, or even the next one.

I hear a gasp next to me so I ask “What’s wrong?” Ann swats in my direction “You know damn well what’s wrong Nik! I leaked!” She takes my hand and places it on her now damp panties. “That’s more than a leak, honey,” I giggle. There’s a very small puddle forming under her, but she has regained control. She jerks my hand away and replaces it with both of hers. She is vigorously rubbing with one hand, while the other remains pressed tightly against her wee hole.

Thank god for red lights. I can feel myself become wet in a different way as I watch my Annie struggle. I keeps both hands on the wheel, but watch the show in the passenger seat out of the corner of my eye. I bite my lip and take a deep breath as I’m forced to drive the rest of the way home. We arrive shortly after the light finally turned green, the third time we waited through it. Finally in the garage I hop out of the car, Ann doing the same. I bounces in place and I walk over to her. I see small rivulets of pee stream down her legs, but she is clearly still struggling.

“Sit in the passenger seat” Annie says, so I do as told. This will be fun. I sit in the small puddle Ann left for me, and she hops on my lap, fiercely kissing me. I embrace her tightly, feeling my lap warm. A cascade of hot pee runs into my lap and I pull Annie in closer, shifting the cascade closer to my abdomen. I can’t help but buck in my seat I am so aroused. She rises from our kiss, looking at the ceiling of the car, sighing in relief.

She gets out of her car and assesses the damage, wandering off while I revel in her wet car seat. I close my eyes and caress my wet clothes. Annie returns with a towel to clean her vinyl seats. I reluctantly get out of the car and stand watching her wet bum as she cleans her soaked car. She puts a hand between her thighs, and wiggles her bum as she cleans. She still needs to pee. She straightens up again and saunters inside so I follow.

She beckons me to her bedroom and grabs my blouse, kissing my hard, then pushing me onto her bed. I scoot back into a comfortable position and she unzips my jeans, pulling them off, then rubbing my through my panties. Her teeth graze my abdomen, tugging at my panties, pulling them down as well. I gasp as I feel a tickle, her tongue caressing me. I rock my hips and moan, soon reaching nirvana. I close my eyes, but feel her weight on my stomach, then a familiar warm sensation as she finishes emptying her bladder across my abdomen.

I caress her hips as she rocks them over me. My hand feels her, touching her most intimate parts, tickling and exploring, pushing in and out. She moans in ecstasy, collapsing next to my on her bed. Her breath softens and I know she’s asleep. I roll next to her and caress her sleeping form. This was the perfect first night in our new home together.

