Age Play Fantasies

Author: babyomogirl

*000*2016-01-20 00:15

[age play, holding, peeing, spanking, oral, anal]

I am sitting on your lap watching tv and drinking my juice box in my cute pink pajamas. I need to pee but the show is too good to miss and I don't want to leave daddy, so I hold it.

The need to pee increases and a little trickles out onto my pink frilly thong and my small pink shorts. I start to squirm, the pressure being too much for my small bladder to hold. My pussy throbs and my tummy swells.

"Baby girl, are you okay?", you ask. I say, "Yes daddy, I'm okay". I know it's bad to lie to daddy but you'd get mad if you knew I soiled your favorite pair of my panties. You always tell me not to let anyone else but you see me in these panties, that my bum and "sweet little pussy" belong to you.

Ten minutes later I'm about ready to burst. I have my hand on my pussy and I'm rocking my bum up and down on your crotch. More trickles out and a decent sized wet patch covers my pussy and bum. It feels good to relieve pressure from my aching bladder and the warmth wrapping around my privates soothes me. You like the sight of my bum jiggling on your lap. You open my legs and push me forward, arching my back so my ass is in clear view to you. You grab my ass but then notice the wet spot.

"What is this? You wet yourself? What a bad girl!" you say, face flushed with anger.

"Oh daddy, I didn't mean to.. I'm sorry. I'll go clean it up," I say, tears brimming my wide eyes.

"Oh no you don't," you say. "You deserve to be punished right here and now".

My body shakes in fear. Daddy's gonna spank me. I haven't been spanked by daddy for a long time. I was trying to keep it that way.

You tell me to get up and when I do you bend me over your knee. I know I did bad so I try my best to stay still as daddy punishes me.

You begin to slam your open palm onto my soft squishy bum. It jiggles and bounces with every slap. You begin to spank me harder and I can't take it any more. I squirm and try to move my bum away from you. "Please, no daddy! Please!", I beg.

"It's too late for that baby girl. You did bad and you deserve to be punished". You open my legs and spank my pussy hard. With my legs open I can't hold my pee and the rest of it comes flowing out onto your hand. "You're a very bad girl princess. Daddy doesn't like you misbehaving like this. You understand daddy needs to punish you for acting out, right baby girl?", you say, trying not to yell at me.

"Yes daddy, I understand", I say as I look down, ashamed of how I made daddy angry. You take off my undies and shorts and clean me up. You slip a new pair of panties on me and tell me to lay down on my tummy. You begin to spank me hard. I cry out and squirm, begging you to stop. "You've been a very bad girl, princess".

Your hand feels like fire on my bum. I can feel it redden and heat up. Tears well from my eyes as I try my best to take daddy's spanking like a good girl.

Your crotch is pressed against me and I feel it grow and start to twitch against my thigh. "Look at what you've done. Your ass got daddy hard, you'll have to fix that" you say in a much deeper, more primal voice than I've ever heard.

You tell me I'm going to have to put your dick in my mouth. I sit up and nod obediently, not quite understanding why daddy would want me to put his peepee in my mouth. Did he intend to pee in my mouth? I cringe at the idea of drinking daddy's pee. Pee is yucky.

I watch in awe as you unleash your fully erect cock. It bounces as you pull it out of your pants. "Daddy, it's so thick! How can I possibly fit it in my mouth?" I ask, scared of my mouth stretching and tearing from your thick cock. Not giving me an answer you reach down and shove my head onto your cock.

My mouth is open wider than I've ever felt it to accommodate your thickness. I begin to suck it, slowly at first. My soft lips slide up and down your cock. Then I begin to go faster. You grab the back of my hair and push yourself deep into my throat. I choke but continue to suck you off to make daddy happy. You moan and grunt with each move that I make. I've never heard daddy make noises like this before. I feel a dampness between my legs and pray that I haven't wet myself again.

You tell me you're about to cum and I slowly pull myself off of your cock, slobber dripping from my puffy lips. "What's cum?" I ask innocently. You say, "Just wait and see, you'll love it". You push my head back onto your cock. I bob my head up and down more enthusiastically than before. I'm starting to really love the feeling of daddy's cock in my mouth, prodding at my throat.

Suddenly your hand forces my head all the way down your cock. It enters my throat and a warm liquid begins hitting the back if my throat and filling my mouth. There's so much of it I choke. It keeps coming. But daddy's hand forces me to stay put. I stay there for what seems like an eternity while daddy's cock twitches and spurts his juices into me. They begin to coat my tongue and I taste it. It's salty and sweet. You finally let go of my head and I pull myself off of your cock slowly and lick my lips, "Daddy it tastes so good! Is that cum?" I ask innocently. "Yes baby girl, you made daddy cum in your cute little mouth", you say as your stroke my cheek.

You say "Princess, come lay on daddy with your ass facing me, I want to give my baby girl a treat for sucking me off so well". I climb up on you. You pull the crotch of my panties over to the side and your tongue lightly slides over my butthole. An electric tingling sensation courses from my bum to my pussy. I moan and say, "Oh daddy! That feels so good!" I back my bum up closer to your face, wanting more. I'm in absolute heaven. Daddy's eating my bum! Your free hand cups my bum and squeezes it hard.

I watch as you get horny from playing with my bum and hearing my moans. "Daddy, your peepee is hard again!" You tell me to lick it and stroke it slowly. You say, "I don't want to cum yet, I have something else I want to do with you first, baby girl".

After eating my bum you put your finger inside of it and instruct me to ride your finger. I say, "Daddy this hurts" and you tell me, "Daddy's gonna hurt your tight asshole a for a while, but after a bit it will start to feel really good, I promise, princess".

You tell me to move down and put my ass on your cock. I do so and you push your dick into my bum. I cry out and tell you that it hurts a lot. "I know princess, just ride it for a while and I promise it will feel really good".

I bounce my bum up and down on your dick for several minutes, crying the whole time. You tell me to stay still and you start pumping into me really fast from underneath. My eyes widen and I scream, "Oh daddy! It's starting to feel amazing!"

Several minutes in I feel the tingling sensation in my pussy again, stronger this time. I say, "Daddy my privates feel funny.." You tell me I'm going to have an orgasm. "What's that, daddy?" I ask. "Just wait princess, daddy will show you what an orgasm is".

You continue to slam into my bum and I gasp. "Daddy, my privates feel so tingly, it feels so good!" Suddenly I tense up and arch my back. In between heavy breaths I scream. "Daddy I've never felt this good before. Daddy's cock feels amazing!"

You continue to pump into me through my orgasm. My cum dribbles down my legs. After I finish cumming I start to squirm uncomfortably. "Daddy it feels too good now. I can't take it. Please stop daddy".

You reluctantly pull your cock out of me and tell me to get on my knees. I do so and you stand with your dick twitching in front of me. You tell me to put your dick in between my tits and move them up and down. It doesn't work because they are too dry. Saddened I tell you I can't. You grab lube and pour it over my tits, rub it in and play with my nipples a bit. I moan and squirm until you stop and instruct me to try again. I do and this time it works. My tits wrap around your cock tightly and pump it up and down. You close your eyes and moan. "Daddy, does this make you cum?" I ask. "Yes baby girl, keep jacking me off with your cute little tits".

When you are close to cumming you tell me to open my mouth. I open it slightly. You grab my face with your hand and pull my jaw open wider. "Wide!" you yell at me. I open it wide and stick my tongue out. Your cum shoots out and gets in my mouth, on my face, and on my tits. I say, "I made you cum again, daddy. I love your cum. It's so yummy!"

You clean me off and we both climb back up on the bed. "Thank you, Daddy", I say as I nuzzle into your chest and start to fall asleep.

