Lopunny's battle desperation

Author: Lugia

*000*2014-10-01 02:05

Authors note: Unlike most Pokémon the Lopunny in this story is able to speak to her trainer through telepathy.

###

Me and my trainer Shannon were taking a break from our journey at a Pokémon center. I didn't like to be inside my pokéball so I travelled with her outside of it. I had just finished my third bottle of pop when we were ready to leave.

"Lopunny do you have to go to the bathroom before we leave?" Shannon asked me.

"No I'm fine" I told her

And with that we set to the forest I felt a small twinge in my bladder but ignored it. Once we were in the forest I started feeling pressure on my bladder. It was to late to head back and I didn't like going outside so I didn't say anything.

After walking through the forest for five minutes I had started squirming. I was walking behind Shannon so she didn't see.

After walking for fifteen minutes I had to stop and bend over whenever I felt a wave of desperation. I kept telling myself I could hold until we got to the Pokémon center outside the woods.

After thirty minutes of walking through the forest I had to stop to grab myself from time to time. I knew then that I wouldn't be able to hold it until we got to the next Pokémon center. So I decided to tell Shannon that I needed to stop and go.

"Hey Shannon" I said to her

"What is it Lopunny?" She asked me

"Um I-" but before I could say anything else a trainer appeared out of nowhere

"Hey you! Wanna have a battle?" He asked

"Sure" Shannon replied "Oh wait. What is it you wanted Lopunny?"

"It can wait until after the battle" I told her thinking I could hold it in until after the battle

The Pokémon the other trainer brought out was a Spinda. The battle was pretty drawn out and I became more desperate as it progressed. After about five minutes the trainer gave Spinda another command.

"Spinda use hypnosis!" He told it

The next thing I knew the move hit me and I fell asleep almost instantly.

(Shannon's POV)

I just watched as Lopunny hit the ground fast asleep,

"Lopunny wake up!" I yelled

And then I saw something that completely surprised me. Around Lopunny a puddle of urine was growing. It didn't take long for me to figure out what Lopunny wanted to tell me earlier. The puddle continue growing for about a minute until it stopped. Needless to say the battle was called off. Not long after that Lopunny started to wake up.

(Lopunny's POV)

When I woke up I was pretty drowsy. When I sat up I noticed that Spinda wasn't attacking. Just then I realized my fur was wet so I looked down and saw why. I was sitting in a puddle of my own urine!

"Oh no. I must have wet myself while I was asleep!" I said to myself

As the reality of the situation started to sink in I started. I was so embarrassed about what had happened. While I was crying Shannon came over and knelt down next to me avoiding the puddle of urine as she did

"I-I'm sorry S-Shannon." I said through my sobs

"What for?"

"If I .... If I had just....had just told you earlier then this wouldn't.....this wouldn't have happened. It's my.....it's my fault that this.....that this happened" I said as I continued to cry.

"Oh come on Lopunny. You had an accident it could happen to anyone" she told me I a comforting voice

"Oh really like who" I asked. I didn't believe her.

"Like me" she said. All I could do was look at her with a shocked expression. "Sometimes after I wake up in the morning I find out that I had wet the bed most likely because of a dream I was having. It only happens on rare occasions though but it still happens." She told me

"Really?" Was all I could say

"Really. Now let's go t to the Pokémon center and get you cleaned up"

"Okay"

So we continued on to the Pokémon center. Once we got there we went to where the showers are and cleaned me up. After we were done we saw that it was dark out so we got ready to go to bed.

"Shannon"

"Yeah Lopunny?"

"You're a good friend"

"Thanks"

And with that we went to bed.

"Goodnight Shannon"

"Goodnight Lopunny"

I can't say how good this is compared to my other stories but I tried. And for anyone who's interested: I got the idea for Shannon's wetting experience(s) from myself.

*002*2014-10-01 02:54

Yeah I will as inspiration comes to me also if anyone makes any requests. I did finish another omorashi story tonight before I finished this one. It has nothing to do with Pokémon and I'll probably never upload unless people want me to, also the reason I actually wrote it was to satisfy the screwed up part of my mind. But if anyone wants to know anything about it just ask and I will be willing to tell you. But you probably won't like it because in my opinion the whole thing is a bit screwed up.

*003*2014-10-03 02:35

Seriously though if anyone has any requests just let me know

*005*2014-10-07 17:30

{{:

Nice story, the POV thing was a good touch.

Could you do one of a gardeviour, but have it so she gives up and goes in a forest

}}

Ok. I don't know when I'll get around to doing it though because I've got some other stuff going on.

*007*2014-10-28 20:09

{{:

Amazing story!! Loved it :)

}}

Thanks.

