World of Wetcraft: Wrath of the Piss Queen

Author: sefthx

*000*2011-02-25 18:40

(Disclaimer) WARNING This work of fiction may contain watersports, wetting, scat (in the form of panty-messing), BDSM, Yuri, copyrighted material (I hope I don't get sued!), sarcasm, rough sex, excess cum, drinking (pee of course) and 'aliens'. If any of this disgusts you... why are you on this site! (End Disclaimer)

Oh also I will go into vivid detail but if you don't play the game and want more reference, google image search 'Female Draenei' 'Female Nightelf'

Also this is my first time writing *this* kind of story on a forum board... so please, input is welcome and appreciated.

It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. Weeks, months had passed since the Aspect of Death had burst through the World Pillar, since Deathwing and escaped the bonds of his prison in Deepholm and had arrived to visit chaos and ruin upon the world of Azeroth. Since the shattering of Azeroth. Many denizens of the world, if not most of them, were stricken with fear, confusion and misunderstanding. Despair loomed over the world like the scythe of death hangs over the old man sick in his deathbed. Villages destroyed, if not by the tsunami and earthquakes that ravaged the world, than by the flames and claws of Deathwing himself. People turned to eachother for support, turning inward for comfort and solace, or turning to religion or the blind faith of cultism. Safe to say that people found their happiness where they could get it.

However there was one woman who could not be happier. She had the good luck to escape the coming storm; a home on the ruins of a planet, Draenor, that was already slowly and steadily drifting apart in the twisting nether. But there she would live, with her newly collared lover.

"But for now... I suppose I should make the best of this planet." She said herself as she mused all these thoughts, a finger on her lip and her other hand on the reigns, clenching her saddle with her thighs as she spurred her horse on. The trees all around her were a lush green, a place still yet unaffected by the steady destruction of Azeroth. A place she had chosen to make her new home, where the weather was temperate and the people were... few. Sparing. In fact not a soul lived within miles of her home, built just along the edge of the forest near the blonde-sand beach. Which was perfect for her... her vices, her kinks, the way she simply behaved, all unacceptable in normal society. Solitude was her preference, but the comfort of a lover... was too enticing for her to stay all alone.

The woman herself was a Draenei, by the name of Selena Hexx. Her skin was light, pale almost like a humans, but still blue enough to be distinctly alien. Sweeping horns that curved back along her skull above her ears, like the perfect handles for riding... hair puffy and short, white like the rest of her, bangs in her face and streaks of her bouncy, curving hair flowing down the back of her neck, her tail curled around her hip, the tip of it teasing into her thigh. She bit her lower lip and looked down at herself as she realized her tail, with a mind of its own, was attempting to pleasure her. She swatted it away.

"Not yet!" She hissed through gritted teeth, her tail hanging limply to the side of the horse's saddle. She almost looked UPSET, despite the fact that her tail was a part of her own body. The look on her face, the horns, hooves, tail, she could have been a demon, a succubus... she was beautiful like one, certainly. Full breasts that strained the limits of her white undershirt, her leather black jacket. Thighs that could crush a man's skull, or at least asphyxiate him. Body curved like an hourglass, with an ass that must have caused her poor mount's knees to quiver. It was easily the widest part of her, and her black tight jeans did little to make it appear any smaller. Hugging the curvature of her rump, creasing into her asscrack under her tail, it was almost like she WANTED to show off.

Not to mention the weight of her glorious backside, her horse also had to endure three full saddlebags of supplies she had rode all the way into town to purchase. Clearly she didn't care about the animal, but from the way she held herself it was obvious she didn't care about anything but herself. As she approached her house, her sweet little abode above the sea, she pulled the saddlebags off the animal and swung them over her shoulder with a grunt and a groan of exertion. Thighs quivering as she struggled to get a center of balance, not to mention her horrible need to relieve herself.

The stress forced her to release just a bit- a little wet patch forming between her legs, which spread down both thighs about an inch before stopping. "...Nnghh! Ughhh... what will she think seeing me like this... I must hold on..." She groaned, tail curling in between the thighs and pulling tightly up against her. She used it to hold herself like a little girl would hold herself with her hands... how humiliating, for a woman of her stature. Her horse needed little convincing to trot off to it's stable after a hike such as what she forced it on; it went without orders as the woman made her way into her home.

The door swung open at the urging of a hard kick to its base, and the blue-skinned girl dragged herself in, sighing with relief as she dropped the heavy cargo at the front door, kicking the door back to shut. "Krissy! I'm hooome!" She cried out down the hallway, trotting along the carpet with a 'clip clop' of her hooves on the wooden floor underneath. "Baby...? Where are you?" She asked after no response echoed back to her. She looked left and right, peeking into each room as she passed the doors into them, approaching and ascending the stairwell with a hand on the mahogany rail. "Kris! Answer me, or there will be CONSEQUENCES..." Selena let this threat hang in the air a moment, pausing and standing still. Listening carefully to the sounds of the house. Concentrating so that she could even hear the splash of the surf against the beach nearly a half mile away. Then, she heard, ever so quietly, a moan of pleasure; "Unnnghhh, oooh...."

She made her way up the stairwell and into the hall of the second floor, walking along this one as well. She did so with boldness, confidence, no longer looking around. She had a very good idea of where her lover was now, and Selena made certain that she did too, clomping down the hall as noisily as possible. She approached the master bedroom, turned the handle and threw the door open, and stepped inside with a smirk on her black-painted lips. Looking down across the room to her bed, upon which a light purple Kaldorei girl lay topless, fondling herself with one hand, cupping her pert breast in her left and pinching the nipple, giving it a twist, crying out sharply with pleasure and arching her back, heels dug against the bedsheets as she worked herself, hand in her pure white pants, unzipped to give her fingers more room, which were sliding lewdly in and out of her.

She hardly even noticed Selena's presence until the girl slammed the door shut. With a gasp, her eyes opened, and she propped herself up with her elbow, strands of her long, loose, flat green hair covering her left eye and streaking down her back like a curtain, long enough to spill out onto the bed. "S-selena! Mistress, you're home! I.. I.... I thought you would take longer!" She said with a blush, cheeks turning an even darker color purple.

The draenei girl clucked her tongue and trotted over gently, as if she weren't at all upset. "Oh... It was easy to find everything we needed. I anticipated I would take longer as well, but I suppose I had the good fortune of being able to come home early..." She said, crawling onto the bed. She then siezed the night elf's wrist, pulling her hand roughly out of her panties, squeezing it in a vicelike grip that made the poor green-haired girl wince and grit her teeth with pain. "And the good fortune of catching you pleasuring yourself without my PERMISSION! Do you know what this means?"

The night elf, who's name (according to Selena) was Kris, swallowed and quivered as her mind raced with vivid images, memories of the torture, the pain that her mistress had put her through before. "P-punishment..." She said with a quaking voice, in the meanwhile growing hotter and hotter between the thighs. She put on a good show of detesting her position; of pretending she feared her mistress, and that she feared the punishment she could visit upon her. But she loved it, loved each minute of it, the backwardness of the relationship, the filthiness of the kinks they indulged in, received each spank, pinch, slap, and twist of the nipples as pleasure, rather than registering it as pain. She loved her mistress, with all her heart.

Kris was a frail girl. For a Kaldorei even she was very short, almost the size of an average human. Thin, almost underfed despite her mistresses urgings that she eat. Unable to protect herself physically, and too frightened and inept to learn magic. Essentially the perfect target for a woman like Selena. "I... I swear, mistress, I.. I was thinking of you! I couldn't help myself! I'm so sorry! I... Mistress, please... M-mayhaps I can pleasure you instead...?" She asked, reaching around and caressing the Draenei's side, fingers of her opposite hand running between the girl's plump asscheeks, teasing down the inner thigh. She paused, a look of confusion on her face, and then reached up, lewdly groping her mistresses crotch.

"What is... what's this?" She asked as she felt her, felt the tiny patch of wetness between the dominant woman's thighs. "You're wet..." She asked, looking up at the draenei girl. Selena did her best to maintain her composure but she couldn't help the blush of light red across her pale cheeks at her pet's discovery. This caused Kris to giggle with glee, spanking the other woman's ass sharply just to feel it jiggle in her hand. Selena was already fighting a losing battle against her bladder, however; the spank just caused her to release more into her jeans, the wet patch growing, down her thighs and spreading across her asscheeks just a few inches.

"Selena wet her paaanties, Selena wet her paaanties! Oooh, you big baby! What, couldn't hold it anymore?" The night elf girl teased, making the draenei's blush grow even redder... making her hackles on the back of her neck rise, making her blood start to boil. She released the night elf's hand, only to give her a hard slap across the face. "Ooooh!" She cried out in pain, head turned to the side, gasping a quick breath as she turned back to her mistress, her cheek already starting to turn red. Selena grabbed her chin and pulled her up, leaning down so that her forehead was against her pet's forehead.

"I might have, slave... it doesn't matter to you what I've done to myself. We both know you're no better. I've seen you wet these white pants more times than you have toes, fingers, and hairs on your head! If I choose to pee myself, than I am perfectly in my rights to! In fact... I think I will... I can hardly take the pressure on my bladder anymore." She said, sitting herself up and spreading her thighs just a bit. Sighing with a deep breath to calm herself, relax her muscles. She looked down at Kris and snapped her fingers twice, patting herself between the thighs.

"Well what are you waiting for? Get your face between my legs! NOW, bitch!" She cried out, eventually grabbing and tugging her slave's arm and forcing her to sit up. She wove her fingers into the woman's luscious hair and grabbed ahold, twisting and forcing her face between her legs with a smile. "Open your mouth, cunt." She said as she pushed her slave's lips against her already wet nether ones, forcing her to taste the pee already in her pants. Kris complied willingly, though, tongue flicking out and tasting her lover, prodding against her sex through the pants. "Mmmn.... goood... what a good girl..."

At this point it was time for Selena to give in. She had established her position of dominance, forced her slave between her legs... and she was alone. She could do whatever she damn well pleased. With a moan she released, pee spraying hard against the crotch of her pants, splattering back into her like a waterjet spraying into her pussy and pleasuring her, making her twist and whimper with pleasure as her urine streaked down her thighs, trickled into her slave's mouth, who drank obediently, thirstily, letting her mouth fill and then swallowing it all down. She loved the taste of her mistresses urine... she loved everything about her.

Selena however was making quite a mess. pee soaking down the back of her thighs, down between her legs as it caused the cloth to hug her skin, pooling on the bedsheets around her knees and starting to spread outward as the puddle of pee around her grew and grew. She must have been holding it near the point of bursting for hours, considering how wide her hot patch of waste spread across the bed... soon she and Kris were both surrounded by it, as she tapered off to a gentle stop, sighing with relief after having completely wet her pants. But she still burned between the thighs, not with the need to relieve herself but now with the need to pleasure herself, a need so overwhelming she just HAD to satisfy it!

She pushed her slave back, forcing her head away and releasing it from her thighs, stepping off the bed and beginning to undress. pee-soaked pants and panties sent south and kicked away, so that she was bottomless. Jacket pulled off, and shirt pulled over her head, so that she was topless, no bra underneath her shirt. Naked now, she pulled her slave up off the bed by hooking her fingers into the woman's waistband, forcing her to her feet and pushing her out into the center of the room. She then proceeded to crawl into the bed herself, crawling up to the head of it, sitting her pissy ass down on the pillow and leaning back against the headboard, thighs spread, a hand caressing its way down between her cleavage, towards her thighs...

"Slave... I will not be the only one here to shame themself. You will release yourself too! For my pleasure! And... then... you will come to me... and your disgusting transgression will be forgiven. You understand, Kris?" She asked, nodding and urging her on with the other hand, her fingers having found their way between her nether lips, plunging two of them into her, masturbating shamelessly as she watched her slave carefully, trying to keep a straight face... eventually breaking into a deep lusty moan, digging her hooves against the mattress and rolling her head back so her horns dug into the wooden headboard.

"Nnnngh... Oh, mistress... I would... ah... be so happy to!" The Kaldorei girl replied, having been dancing on the spot even as her mistress spoke. Hands between her thighs, which were clenched together. She clearly had been holding it before Selena arrived; clearly anticipated the type of sex she wished to engage in. Kris let out a sigh of relief as she was told she no longer needed to hold it. Turning on her heel, bending over and showing off her backside to her mistress, who jammed yet a third finger into herself at the sight of this.

Kris hardly even needed to wet herself. Selena found her... so arousing, regardless. The night elf girl planted her hands on her thighs, spread her legs, and with a quavering moan of relief, started to gush into her own pants. The white, unlike the black of the draenei's jeans, clearly showed the wet patch streaking down her inner thigh, clearly showed off her skin as the white material dampened, became an off-yellow, and stuck to her legs, exposing the color of her skin and panties underneath.

Kris whined with arousal- "Oooh, oooooooh, ooooooooooh yessss!" As she released herself, pee even managing to force its way through her pants and splattering noisily against the floor, making a puddle underneath of herself. Her inner thighs, the backs of her legs, soaked. She reached behind herself and rubbed her pussy through her soiled pants, practically orgasming then and there, feeling up the tidemark working its way up her ass, loving the feel of her pee sticking to her thigh and soaking into her socks. She shuddered just a bit as she gradually finished up, puddle around her feet at least a meter and a half in diameter, looking over her shoulder at her mistress and giggling innocently. A finger against her lips. "Oops... I had an accident, mistress...." She said with an even naughtier giggle.

Selena herself was practically already near orgasm, love juices having trickled out of her already, running down her inner thighs and pooling on the bedsheets. Three fingers pumping into herself, making her writhe and twist like an animal in its death throes, blush on her cheek oh-so-bright with arousal, nipples stiffened from her pleasure and the cool air's exposure. "Oooh, slave, you're such a naughty fucking girl, I should spank you until you shit those panties, unnnnghhh! Mmmmnn, but I won't, sugar... Mistress keeps her promises... undress, come to me."

Kris complied subserviently, always happy to take every order the draenei girl threw at her, hooking her thumbs into her pants and pushing those down forcefully, stepping out of them and crawling naked onto the bed, up to her lover, who welcomed her with open arms. They kissed, tongues slipping into eachother's mouths, curling around eachother, the two of them kissing sweetly and intimately for only a moment. Then Selena pulled Kris by the hips onto her lap, tail poking out between her thighs.

Kris's hand slipped down, fingers hooking into the draenei woman, pleasuring her for her as her lover's blue tail hilted itself inside the night elf like a cock, making her *scream* with pleasure into Selena's mouth. "Mmmmmmfffh! Nnnnghh, mmmmmnnnn..." Was about all she could say, muffled by her mistresses tongue, having been practically already there before the draenei came in, the size of her entire tail inside her, stretching the night elf's tight pussy, it was practically all she could bear. Her fingers hooked in, found Selena's clitoris, and pinched and twisted it mercilessly. If she was gonna cum... her mistress was cumming with her!

The two of them broke their kiss to force their chests together, both crying and screaming with lust as Kris rode Selena's tail, overwhelmed by the sense of arousal, the smell of cum and pee hanging thickly in the air. Oh, so kinky- her mistress was so fucking kinky- ooooh, and her pet... she loved that girl, so much.... Selena arched her neck and kissed her lover's cheek sweetly, groping both her asscheeks and giving them a squeeze. "Oh, baby... I'm... I'm gonna... nnnnghhh... oooh, fuck yes... baby I'm gonna cum..."

"Nnnnghhh! Oooh, god, Mistress, I'm gonna cum too, unnngh! ~<3"

"Mmmmmnn, yes, yessss, YESSS, OH, YES!"

"Ooooh, oh, oh, OH, OoOoOoH, OOOOOH!!"

"AAaahhh, nnnghh fuck, fuck me baby, fuck me so hard, I love you, I love you so MUCH, uhh, unnnhh, nnnnnyghhhh!"

At that moment both ladies chose to release, this time not pee but cum, their love juices spraying all over eachother. Kris's cum trickled and gushed down Selena's tail in thick rivulets until she came, cum spraying out all over that tail, splattering against the other woman's lap, Selena cumming as well at that time, gushing all over her lover's fingers, cum coating her own tail and thighs and Kris's thighs, both of them releasing enough to slick their entire bodies up with, still grinding against eachother as they rode their orgasm, took as much pleasure from it as the both feasibly could.

Kris lost her strength first, collapsing weakly against Selena's chest, her head resting on the woman's shoulder, fingers slipping out of her nethers. Selena held on just for a bit longer, rocking her hips against her slave's fingers until they were removed, both gasping and breathing heavily, bodies hot and glistening with sweat, cum, and pee, bodies so hot that steam practically rose up off of it. Kris let her eyes fall shut, and Selena let her head roll against the headboard, inward towards her pet's head, kissing the top of it affectionately.

"Mmmnnn.... ooh, mistress.... what... do we do now?"

"Nnngh.... mmmn, I guess... we clean up, drink a glass of water each, and do it again in a few hours?"

(Chapter 2 to be continued at a later date)

*001*2011-03-07 09:08

((...I could continue but I *blush* would like a little critique first if I may ask for it))

*003*2011-03-09 00:07

{{: 

Hehe, Arthas took a vacation and Selena came in his place. I really liked that story but it will be cooler if you put a male character somewhere around there...Can't wait for part 2. k33p up with the good work.

}}

Thank you <3 I certainly will keep up the good work when inspiration strikes me... I was actually considering making this an all-yuri fic, but if I get enough requests I'll add in a little male action too

