The Bursting Co-Worker - Part 3

By pdancefan

*000*2015-10-23 03:52

Here is part 3 of my story - Enjoy!

THE BURSTING CO-WORKER - PART 3

The next night, Wendy was delighted that not only was Mary scheduled to work, but had already asked if Wendy could drive her home after work. 

Wendy was still excited about seeing one of her customers wet herself the night before. Wendy decided to try to have an "accident" herself after work. She had dressed in her usual gray skirt and jacket, with pantyhose on underneath.

Wendy drank several bottles of water during her shift (4PM - 9PM) and refrained from using the bathroom. By the time 9PM approached, Wendy’s bladder was filling up from all of the water, and Wendy was nervous with anticipation. Then she had another idea. "Hey, Mary."

"Yes."

"Would you like to go for a cup of coffee after work?"

"Sure."

At 9PM, Wendy and Mary closed out their cash registers and exited the store. As they walked across the parking lot to a fast food restaurant,

Wendy could feel how full her bladder was getting. Arriving at the restaurant,

Wendy ordered a large black coffee, and bought Mary a small one with cream and sugar. Sitting and drinking the coffee, and talking about their jobs and their boss, took 30 minutes, by which time Wendy was starting to shift uncomfortably in her chair. As they got up to leave, Wendy said, "I really should use the bathroom, but I’ll wait until I get home." She noticed Mary’s face perk up at the statement.

They walked across the parking lot to Wendy’s car. As they reached it,

Wendy felt a sharp twinge in her bladder, and crossed her legs tightly as she unlocked the door. Once inside, she started the car and pulled out on the highway. Traffic suddenly came to a stop. A wreck was blocking the road!

Wendy groaned, "Oh No! We’re stuck here and I really have to pee now."

Wendy started squirming in her seat and was pleased that Mary was transixed by her fidgeting.

The traffic jam lasted for 20 minutes, by which time the coffee Wendy had drunk was starting to reach her bladder. "Oh God! That coffee has gone right through me. Now I really gotta pee bad. Ssthhh! Unnnh!" Wendy placed her left hand on her stomach and tensed her abdominal muscles as she fought another spasm in her bladder. "I’m going to stop at my house first, so I can use the bathroom, and then I’ll drive you home."

Traffic finally started moving and Wendy soon pulled into her driveway.

Wendy carefully got out of her car, and started hobbling toward the door,

Mary following along transfixed at Wendy’s plight. "Oh God! I have to pee so bad!" Wendy exclaimed as she hobbled to the front door. She felt her bladder start tingling as it strained to hold all of her pee in. Arriving at the door, Wendy stepped from foot to foot as she searched her purse for her house key. "Oh my God! I have to pee so damn bad!"

"Oh God! I’m going to pee myself!" Just then Wendy felt the tingling in her bladder increase, and then her bladder suddenly gave way as a thick jet of pee shot out of her pee hole. "OH GOD! OH MY GOD! I’M PEEING MYSELF!" shouted Wendy. She felt the jet of pee hitting her clit and labia as it sprayed into her now soaking panties. As it did, she felt her clit stiffen, and then Wendy gasped, "Oh-

Oh- I’m Cum- I’M CUMMING!" She stiffened and grunted as a powerful orgasm shook her.

Mary watched all this in stunned silence, absorbing every detail as the pee ran down Wendy‘s legs and formed a puddle on the doormat, and as Wendy trembled from her orgasm . Wendy shook and moaned as she peed and came.

After 30 seconds, the orgasm ebbed and her pee trickled to a stop. Wendy took a breath and came to her senses. Looking at Mary, she said, "Well, I hope you’re not embarassed by my accident!"

"Oh no." replied Mary.

"Come inside," said Wendy, "I have to get cleaned up."

