The Bursting Co-Worker - Part 5

Author: pdancefan

*000*2015-10-28 01:47

Here is Part 5 of my story - Please note that this one is rather graphic sexually, my inspiration for this chapter was Lunaswift's lesbian watersports stories. I hope no one will be offended. Enjoy!

THE BURSTING CO-WORKER - PART 5

The next morning, Wendy awoke early, padded to the bathroom and emptied her aching bladder. As she sat there, she got a devilish idea. Wendy went to the living room, where Mary was sleeping on the couch. She stood admiring the pretty 18 year old for a few minutes. Then, she gently woke Mary up.

"Come on sleepyhead, time to get up," said Wendy, softly, as she ran a finger slowly along Mary’s arm. Mary stirred and looked up at Wendy. "Good

Morning," she replied.

Mary sat upright and stretched out her arms with a big yawn. Mary then shifted her bum around on the couch a little. Wendy noticed the movement and knew Mary’s bladder was full of her nighttime pee. Mary stood up and started towards the bathroom. 

"Just a sec," said Wendy, "What do you want for breakfast?" Mary stopped and turned towards Wendy. "Bacon and eggs and toast, would be fine." answered Mary. As Mary answered, she started rocking from foot to foot. "What’s the matter, need to pee?!" teased Wendy. 

"YES!" answered Mary.

Mary turned around and started for the bathroom again. Wendy followed her until they reached the door. Before Mary could reach for the knob to open the door, Wendy grabbed her from behind and started tickling her. "WHAT

ARE YOU DOING!" shrieked Mary, "LET ME GO! I HAVE TO PEE!"

"NOOO!"

(*Laugh*) Mary sank to the ground in hysterics as Wendy tickled her. As she kick and thrashed from the relentless ticking, Mary’s short nightgown kept riding up. Wendy’s heart started pounding as the hem of the nightgown pulled up until it was barely below Mary’s pussy. "STOOOP IT!" (*Laugh*) "YOU’RE

GOING TO MAKE ME PEE MYSELF!" (*Laugh*) And then it happened, Mary’s nightgown suddenly got yanked up to her waist in the horseplay, and Wendy saw it:

Mary’s pretty, perfect, completely waxed bare pussy. "OH GOD! OH MY GOOOOD! I’M

PEEING!" (*Laugh*) shrieked Mary as Wendy watched a golden jet of pee suddenly burst through Mary’s pee hole, arcing out and soaking Mary’s bum and the floor. "OH MY GOD! YOU MADE ME PEE!" Mary said. Her pee stream slowly ebbed and died, leaving Mary laying in a puddle of pee on the floor.

"Well, it looks like you need another shower, so get going, and while you do I’ll get your clothes from the dryer and make breakfast." said Wendy.

Mary suddenly realized her nightgown had ridden up. "Oh My God!" exclaimed

Mary, "You can see my pussy!"

"Uh- Yes, I can. No big deal, right, I mean,

I’ve got one too. It’s not like I’ve never seen one!", laughed Wendy.

Mary relaxed and said, "I guess your right!" and giggled. "And it’s a very pretty one, too!" added Wendy, reaching out and drawing her finger ever so lightly along Mary’s labia. Mary gasped at the sudden sensations this caused her. "What are you doing?" she asked. "Shh!" replied Wendy. "Wendy!

I-(*gasp*) Oh! Dont’t stop!" Mary exclaimed breathlessly as Wendy’s finger slid slowly up and down her labia until it brushed her clit. Wendy stroked her finger in a circular motion on Mary’s clit, feeling it harden, and continued the motion slowly at first and then faster and faster. Mary moaned and groaned and then started bucking her hips in total bliss. "Ooooh! OOOOOH!

UNNNNNHHHH! YESSSSS! OH YESSSSSSS!" Mary tensed up and spasmed hard as she reached orgasm.

Mary lay still for a long moment, a huge grin on her face. Opening her eyes, she saw Wendy smiling down at her. "Did you like that?" cooed Wendy.

"Oh yes!" sighed Mary, "It was wonderful!"

Mary then went for her shower, as Wendy smiled at the thought of how her life had certainly taken a turn for the interesting!

