"Wet" in the bedroom

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-28 01:20

This story is ALL sexual, with wetting during sex! If this isn't for you, I'd suggest skipping the entire story!

Bella and Lily were the latest couple in school, turning heads with their relationship dynamic. Lily the popular cheerleader, who everyone thought was as straight as they come. Bella the goth, way out of Lily's league. They were both besotted with each other and were wanting to lose their virginity to one another.

On a chilly autumn afternoon, Bella had gone around Lily's house as they had planned. They were ready to have sex and it was going to be perfect. Or so they thought.

"Belle...I wanna know if you're completely okay with this?" Lily's room was covered in candles and rose petals, a romantic gesture that Bella couldn't simply refuse.

"Y-Yeah. I'm ready to do it with you." Bella smiled, looking her lover in the eyes. She ignored the pee sloshing around in her bladder and walked up to Lily's king sized bed, where the magic began. It started with a passionate make out and then they began to slowly take off each other's clothes until they were exposed infront of each other. Bella's thighs squashed together and her hands placed themselves just above her naked pussy, avoiding obvious crotch holding.

"Babe, are you sure you're okay? You're very squirmy." Lily looked at Bella with concern, catching on to her subtle hip wiggles. Bella nodded ferociously, smiling a false smile, she didn't want to ruin the experience. Lily went down on Bella, licking in between her folds and sending shivers up her spine. Bella's squirms turned ferocious as she held back her pee from squirting out onto her girlfriend's face. Her hips bucked at every singular lick, her legs clamped against Lily's head, exaggerated facial expressions that contorted her face at the highest level. Bells let out a soft moan and an 'oooo' in an attempt to hide her desperation, but Lily wasn't convinced.

After what felt like an eternity, it was Bella's turn to eat out Lily, which gave her more leverage to hold her crotch. She spread Lily's pussy lips with her middle and index finger before placing her hot tongue in her vagina. Bella's available hand slid down to her pussy, squeezing it with all her might in an attempt to stop the flood. As her attention went to pleasuring Lily, she relaxed her muscles, which resulted in pee dripping out in between her fingers. She let out a quiet gasp before pressing her fingers against her aching piss hole, stopping any more leakage.

"Aahh..ahem um, Bella, I think we should go for it." Lily looked down at Bella, who was froze on the spot in between her legs. She smiled and nodded, before sliding up towards Lily, placing her naked vagina on top of hers. Bella resorted to clenching her vaginal muscles and getting through, imagining sweet relief shortly afterwards. They began to rub their vaginas together, collapsing in sweet harmony and pleasure. It was pure bliss that was worth waiting for. Lily rested her head against the pillow, closing her eyes and opening her mouth to let out soft moans. Bella bit her lip, trying to feel pleasure, but her mind couldn't stray from her issue.

A couple of minutes of scissoring went past and Bella's problem became dire. Pee dribbled out of her hole drop by drop, going unnoticed by Lily. Sweat formed on her forehead, her face contorted past possibilities. She almost cried from the pain of trying to please her girlfriend and not ruin the moment with her desperation. Eventually, her piss dribbles turned into small leaks, which got Lily's attention.

"Woah, baby, you're real wet down there." She smiled, unaware of Bella's desperate cries. She continued to feel pleasure as Bella wholeheartedly attempted to hold back her flood, but to no avail. Her continous stream turned into a singular jet of piss, resulting in Bella stopping and clamping her hands to her crotch. She knelt infront of Lily, throwing her head back in pain. Moans escaped her mouth as well as tears escaping her eyes.

"B-babe. I'm really desperate for the toilet but I was too shy to say. I-I'm sorry."

"Hey...it's okay, my bathroom is right next door. Are you okay?" Before Bella could answer, a bigger stream left her aching pussy hole, spraying onto the bed. "It's okay. Just let go, Bella."

Once she heard those words, there was no going back. Her piss sprayed everywhere. On Lily, on the bed, on her legs. A cleanable mess was the least of her concerns, she was finally in the hands of sweet relief. And Lily found it super hot.

So hot that they went for a round 2 in the shower 😉

*002*2023-07-01 19:30

{{39 minutes ago, Frankfrankfran said:

Wonderfully erotic story

}}

Thank you!

