Mirajane's Desperate Job (FT fanfic)

Author: robby7300

*000*2014-11-29 05:42

Disclaimer:I DO NOT OWN FAIRY TAIL. THAT IS GOD'S SON HIRO MASHIMA WHO I LOVE.

2nd Disclaimer:This Includes a FEW OCs so I'll put those 3 in right now.

Oc 1:Steven Silvers:Frozen Plasma Dragon Devil Slayer.

Oc 2:Kyle Charger:Golden Silver Dragon slayer

Oc 3:Kira Yagami:Requip and Speedster Magic.Love intrest of Steven Silvers.

3rd Disclaimer:This will have more modern things like phones, TV, and Computers.

Now that that's over with i'm gonna start now.

THIS IS A GLITCHED COPY SO DON"T LOOK AT THIS ONE

###

P.O.V Mirajane

I woke to sun of my face. It was a fresh Sunday morning. "It's my day off,Finally" I thought to myself. I heard my younger brother Elfman yell yup to me from the kitchen, "Mira, Come down for breakfast before you go to the guild hall!".

"OK!" I yelled back, So I quickly changed into one of my normal red dresses and grabbed some shirts and jeans for the mission, and grabbed my IPhone and the Beats I borrowed from Laxus and ran out my room. As i reached the kitchen i saw Elfman and Lisanna there eating and Elfman said to Lisanna "Syrup on your eggs?", But Lisanna had her face stuffed with so much food she couldn't reply.

### TIME SKIP 1 HOUR ###

As I walked into the guild hall of Fairy Tail the first three people I saw were Steven Silvers, Kyle Chargers and Kira Yagami, Who were all in front of the Request Board. Steven saw me, ran over, and asked '' Hey Mira we were going on a S-Class Job you wanna come?'' and I replied " Two S-Classes and two normal members?......Sure, but what's the mission?" Steven didn't answer though so I kept quiet.

### TIME SKIP 12 HOURS ###

