The Assistant - Page 6

Author: Anubis

*125*2014-05-08 23:34

I didn't intend to take this long with this chapter, but I was stuck, trying to come up with a good ending. After working on it on and off and (over)thinking about this, chapter 25 is ready. Hopefully I'll have better luck with the next one.

25

As the elevator went up, Danielle did her best to wait patiently as it made its way to the top floor. The small box was packed full of people, making her feel as if she might suffocate. To make the situation worse, she really needed to get to a toilet.

Why didn't I pee in the shower this morning like I usually do? In all of the excitement that morning, she'd completely forgotten about her morning pee. She'd been preoccupied and hadn't experienced an urgent need for release, so she didn't even notice that she needed to go at all, at first.

It was only in the last few miles of her trip to work, that she'd begun to feel quite a bit of discomfort in her bladder. If she didn't let it out before Katherine saw her, she had a feeling that she might not get the opportunity for quite some time.

Upon entering the building, she'd made a stop in the lobby restroom, before taking a ride in the elevator, only to find that the stalls were all filled and there was a lineup of women waiting to use the toilets. She knew there was no time to wait for a turn. Why didn't all of those people use the restroom before coming over here? Why can't I be the only irresponsible one around here?

When the doors of the elevator finally slid open, Danielle pressed her purse against her side with one arm as she squeezed past everyone else. As soon as she was out, she hurried down the hall, towards the security station.

Please don't let Miss Andrews notice me, Danielle pleaded in her head, hoping that some higher power might hear and grant her the morning pee that she needed, before it was too late.

As she rounded the corner of the hallway, she slipped a hand into her purse and retrieved her ID card. The large, black security guard was in his usual spot, standing beside the card scanner, watching Danielle with a faint smirk on his face.

As she swiped her card through the scanner, she looked up at the security guard and smiled. “Hi.”

The security guard nodded and smiled back. “Good morning, Miss Smith.”

After verifying her identity at the scanner, Danielle picked up the pace, hoping to make it to the toilet before becoming trapped in Katherine's grasp. Though the idea of being kept away from the restroom made her very horny, she had little interest in holding stale urine any longer than necessary.

When the restroom at last came into view, she increased her speed some more. The door was wide open and the toilet in plain sight, ready to gulp down her stream as it gushed from her body. I'm so close!

Just the thought of releasing all of her pent up pee caused her discomfort to swiftly graduate to an intense state of urgency. A sudden bladder spasm struck her body and she froze in place, just in front of the double-doors that led into Katherine's office. With a soft gasp, she pressed her knees together and bent forward at the waist. She reached up underneath her skirt with one hand and pressed her fingers against her pee hole.

Come on! Don't come out! Remaining frozen, Danielle closed her eyes as she struggled to calm her bladder. Her urine was on the brink of spilling out on the floor.

Slowly she breathed in and out, until the urge to release her urine returned to a tolerable level. She opened her eyes and sighed with relief, happy that she'd regained control and avoided making a mess.

Unfortunately, her relief was very short-lived. The doors of Katherine's office suddenly opened and Katherine stepped out, with a sadistic grin on her face. Quickly composing herself, Danielle parted her knees a little and pulled her hand out from underneath her skirt. She turned toward her boss, who was wearing a pitch-black skirt, business-jacket, and black high heels. She looked into Katherine's eyes and smiled awkwardly. The gleam she saw in them made her excited and terrified all at the same time.

“Good morning, Danielle,” Katherine said.

Danielle folded her arms and began tapping one of her feet on the floor below. “Good morning, Miss Andrews. I'm here bright and early today!”

Katherine nodded. “Come to your office, I have something for you.”

Danielle's smile faded as Katherine turned and led the way. She followed her boss to her office where she found a small, black box sitting on her desk. The box had a small lid over the top, with a decorative, golden bow at the center.

Katherine stepped off to the side and motioned for Danielle to approach the desk. “Open it.”

Danielle reluctantly did as she was told and set her purse beside the box. She then picked up her gift with both hands and slowly pulled off the lid.

Katherine's grin appeared to widen as Danielle looked inside and saw the hidden treasure. At the bottom was a small, egg-shaped object. Danielle was not sure what it was, since she'd never seen anything like it. She reached into the box and took hold of it.

The egg was light-gray and was made of smooth plastic. She gave Katherine a puzzled look and held up it up at eye level. “What is this?”

Katherine chuckled and reached inside the front of her business-jacket. She slipped a hand into one of the inner pockets and retrieved a small remote control. With one press of a button, the egg came to life. It started to hum and vibrate where it rested in Danielle's grasp.

For just a moment, Danielle stared at the vibrating thing between her fingertips. It didn't take long for her to figure out what it was. Katherine had come up with a new way of controlling her, one which Danielle hadn't anticipated, and she knew that another pleasurable, yet humiliating, day was about to begin.

