The Conduit - Page 3

Author: Garrus

*051*2014-11-11 02:37

I get the feeling the next chapter is going to take a while, but I'll still do my best to get it done in a timely manner.

I'll try to keep everyone updated.

*055*2014-12-09 04:33

Oh man, it's taking me way too long to finish the next chapter. I've had little time, and less motivation. I'm going to really try to work on it tomorrow, and hopefully get it finished before too long.

Sorry for the wait.

*056*2014-12-12 05:15

Well it's been way too long coming, but better late than never I suppose. Enjoy

Chapter 7

I know what my purpose is; I have always known. Long ago I came to peace with what I would eventually have to do. There is so much pain and suffering in this world, if there was a way to lessen it anyone would do what they could to help, right? People have started dying, innocent girls have been found, collapsed in pools of blood and urine. The Council is investigating exactly what the cause is, but I already know, it's the Void. I hope the time comes soon, if there's a way to stop the Void, I have to try. Soon no one will have to suffer anymore.

### The Chosen of the Gift

Aiwren strode purposefully down the hall, stopping at the open door and standing in the doorway observing the room's occupants. Seles was crouched, speaking in soft tones to Elizabeth, who was laying in bed looking exhausted. Straightening up, and noticing Aiwren standing in the doorway, Seles told Elizabeth to get some rest and walked out of the room, taking Aiwren with her.

"How is she?" Aiwren asked.

"She'll live. She's just exhausted, and she doesn't remember too much of what happened. The Conduit's touch can be rough..." Seles paused and glanced down the deserted hallway. "There's something else...the Conduit, Sarah, she broke Elizabeth's shield."

"What? How is that possible? Nothing can get past a Shield, can it?"

"I'm not sure about anything anymore, that girl doesn't seem to be bound by the same rules as the rest of us. Will you go bring Sarah here, I would like to speak with her."

"Ah...about that, she already went home. She left right after the fight was over."

"What? Are you sure?" Seles looked worried now. "From what I gathered from 'Liz, Sarah should have been in even worse shape, don't you think it's strange that she just walked away like nothing happened. She almost died, she should have died from what I can tell. I've got a bad feeling about this, the Void is behind this somehow."

"Well she did say she would come back tomorrow, so maybe you'll be able to figure out what happened then."

"I don't like this, Elizabeth was our best Shield, and one of our strongest fighters. She's always been a bit too emotional maybe, but I don't understand what could have happened. You have Sarah's address, yes?" Barely waiting for Aiwren's nod, Seles continued. "Go to her house, make sure she got home safely. Somehow that girl is important, I wouldn't want anything to happen to her."

"Of course, I'll go check on her right away..." Aiwren slowly trailed off as Seles walked away in the opposite direction without so much as a glance back at Aiwren. With a light sigh, Aiwren started towards the entrance. Things were so much simpler before she showed up. Aiwren thought with a smile. At least I can be sure nothing will be boring anymore.

Aiwren left the building, mentally plotting the path to her friend's house. Friend. I've never had a friend before. The others barely tolerate me, just because I'm a Fount they think of me as tainted because I draw from the Void. It's not like I asked to be this way, this 'gift' is why I never had friends even before Seles found me. Aiwren thought back to when her ability first developed. She couldn't remember exactly when she noticed something was different, it was hard to explain. It was like flexing a muscle she never knew she had, once she used it, touching it again felt completely natural. It wouldn't have been a problem if she had been able to control the Gift.

As she boarded a train, Aiwren became lost in troubled memories.

"Sasha peed her pants!" One of the boys called out, eliciting laughter from the class room.

"Oh Sasha, is that true?" The teacher asked, unnecessarily as the puddle spread from under a red faced Sasha.

"It's not my fault!" Sasha said angrily. "She did this." pointing at Aiwren.

"Sasha, everyone has accidents sometimes, it's no one's fault. It's okay, just go get your change of clothes from the nurse's office."

Embarrassment winning out over her anger, Sasha ran out of the room, hands ineffectually covering the newly formed wet spot on the back of her skirt.

"Hmm" The teacher gazed at the puddle of liquid and trail of drops that had marked Sasha's swift exit. "I'll go find a janitor, you children behave yourselves now."

As soon as the door had closed behind the teacher, talking and laughter started up once more.

"Ha, maybe the curse is real after all, what is that, the third girl this week to have an accident?"

"Oh come on, you believe in curses? Sasha's a total baby, I bet she has accidents all the time. Did you see the way she tried to blame Aiwren when 'she' was the one who peed her pants?"

"You never know, maybe it was Aiwren, Aiwren's Curse." The kids started laughing, but the laughter was stifled as the door opened to reveal Sash, still blushing red, now wearing a pair of blue jeans.

Sasha kept her nose in the air, and refused to acknowledge anyone as she walked back to her desk adjacent to Aiwren. Just as she sat down, Aiwren tried to warn the girl.

"No, don't sit down..." She was too late.

Sasha's eyes opened wide in horror as she stared down in disbelief. She was currently sitting in the puddle she had made just a few minutes before. Jeans now soaking wet, Sasha jumped up with a cry of disgust and ran out of the room for the second time. Before the door could swing shut, it was pushed open by a bewildered looking teacher followed by the janitor.

"Did she have another accident so soon?" She looked slightly concerned. "I should go check to make sure she's alright." As the teacher left, the poor janitor began cleaning the mess left by Sasha.

The teacher soon reappeared and called the class to order. "I know there has been some unforeseen excitement today, but I would ask all of you to try and be mature about the situation. I have a favor to ask one of you now, because Sasha now finds herself without a clean change of clothes if there is a girl who is willing to let Sasha wear the spare clothes you have left with the nurse it would be very much appreciated." No one spoke up immediately as the teacher looked around with a smile. "If you're concerned about lending out your underwear, don't worry, the nurse provided a diaper for Sasha, she only needs a pair of pants or a skirt, and I'll make sure she returns it." The teacher continued smiling, seemingly oblivious to how her statements could embarrass the absent Sasha.

"Please Miss, Sasha can use my clothes." Aiwren said raising her hand. Aiwren was still unsure whether it was possible that she really was to blame for Sasha's accident, but she wanted to help the girl regardless.

"Ah thank you very much Aiwren, you're clothes might be a bit small for Sasha, but it'll be better than nothing." The teacher smiled broadly as she left the classroom once more.

When the teacher returned once more, she was now followed by a very red faced Sasha clad in a very short skirt. Under normal circumstances the skirt would have sent Sasha to the principle's office for violating the school code of conduct, but under the current circumstances the skirt only served to display the absorbent undergarments that Sasha was now wearing.

Aiwren couldn't remember exactly when it was that the rest of the students turned on her, but she always wondered if Sasha knew more than she let on. After all, it was her accusation that paved the way for the whispers that soon started about the real cause of all the wet panties in the school. After the accidents continued to occur, with Aiwren was always close at hand, unable to control her powers, the whispers about a curse grew louder. Before long everyone avoided her completely, and the number of accidents lessened, which only served to further confirm everyone's suspicions. Aiwren's Curse, they called it. Even now Aiwren had a hard time just thinking about those days. Aiwren was scared enough just trying to figure out what was happening to her, the isolation and suspicion of the other kids was too much for her. If Seles hadn't found her and recruited Aiwren when she did, Aiwren worried she might have done something foolish and permanent.

But that's all in the past now. Aiwren thought, trying to dispel the painful memories with a smile. Now I'm in full control of my Gift, and I've even made a friend.

Finally snapping out of her deep train of thought, Aiwren looked around, surprised to notice she had arrived at her destination. She had been so lost in thought she barely remembered getting off the train.

Aiwren looked at the note in her phone, confirming the house address. This is it. Aiwren suddenly felt nervous, but she paused only briefly before striding up to the front door of the house and knocking.

She waited for a moment before wondering just what exactly she was going to say to Sarah. 'Sarah, your powers are really weird and Seles thinks you might get into trouble, so I'm here to keep an eye on you....'

"Yeah, somehow I don't think that'll go over very well." Aiwren knocked again on the door, more firmly this time.

What if she's not home?

What if her parents answer the door, what do I say then?

'Hi, I'm a friend of Sarah's that you've never met or heard about, can I come inside your house?'

What if she doesn't actually think we're friends? I mean we did just meet yesterday, but I mean...

Aiwren's panicked thoughts were cut short as the door finally opened before her, revealing a girl, older than Aiwren, who was definitely not Sarah.

"Hello, I'm a friend of Sarah's. Is she here right now?" Aiwren asked in a voice that was slightly louder than necessary.

"Oh hi, how are you? Come in, come in. I'll go tell Sarah that you're here." The girl stepped back out of the doorway as she graciously welcomed Aiwren inside.

"I don't think we've met before, I'm Aiwren." Aiwren's voice was still a bit higher pitched than usual as she walked inside the house.

"Nice to meet you Aiwren, my name is Deena, I'm Sarah's sister."

Behind Aiwren, the door swung shut.

Aiwren stood awkwardly in the kitchen until she heard footsteps coming back down the stairs. It was Deena.

"Sarah said she'll be right down, she's in the bathroom right now."

"What is she doing in the bathroom?" Aiwren asked curiously, before she realized her mistake. Sarah must not have told her family about her Gifts, it had been the same with Aiwren, there was no way you could tell this sort of thing to anyone and expect them to not freak out.

"Oh who can say, there's any number of things a girl her age could be doing in there. I'm sure you understand." The girl answered with a half smile. "Now, can I get you anything to drink? Water? Juice? Soda? ...Beer?" She added with a wink.

"Ah, no thank you. I'm alright." Aiwren desperately cast about for something to say as she felt increasingly awkward under the gaze of the older girl. "So do you have any other brothers or sisters other than Sarah?"

"Nope, it's just me and Sarah. The house is always so quiet, you should feel free to come over more often. Sarah doesn't have many friends, but I've heard all about you from Sarah."

"Really?" Aiwren was a bit surprised.

"Of course." Deena handed Aiwren a glass of water, despite her earlier refusal. "I remember just last week she was telling me some funny story about something you said in class."

Aiwren stared into the water she was holding, before raising her head and looking at the other girl's friendly smile.

"It's funny...I just transferred to Sarah's school yesterday, that was the first time I met her."

Deena's eager smile dissolved into a look of cool calculation.

"I don't suppose you'll drink that water if I ask you nicely? No?"

Blood pounded in Aiwren's ears as she let go of the glass, and it seemed to remain stationary for a moment before starting it's slow decent to the kitchen floor. Aiwren slammed a torrent of liquid into Deena's bladder, but the girl didn't even flinch as a flood of pee instantly poured out of her, soaking her clothes before puddling on the floor. It didn't matter how hard Aiwren pushed, the girl's bladder was voiding as fast as Aiwren was filling it.

Aiwren's mind barely had time to process the events before Deena lunged towards Aiwren. Faster than what seemed possible, the girl was on top of Aiwren.

"Plan B works too." Aiwren heard Deena say as the sound of shattering glass sent a pool of water to join the incredible puddle of pee that was already spreading across the floor. "Just sleep, it'll be easier that way." Deena's hands had found their place around Aiwren's neck, and Aiwren's vision was rapidly fading.

Just before she lost consciousness, Aiwren felt her own bladder give out, and had one final muddled thought pass sluggishly through her mind.

Sorry about the floor Sarah, it must be a mess.

*059*2014-12-15 01:35

{{:

When I read the first chapter I was still wondering what this would end up like, but it is really awesome! I'm looking forward to reading more of it!

}}

Ha, I'm still not really sure how it ended up here, but I guess sometimes the story chooses its own path

*062*2015-01-14 06:28

Well this chapter is rather short, and there is no omo-content, just 'plot', but I wanted to let anyone who still remembers this story know that I haven't forgotten about it. I hope you still enjoy it, even with out the omorashi.

Chapter 8

I do not know if anyone shall ever read this account, but I fear it is the only chance anyone has of correcting all the mistakes I have made. Nothing is as I thought it was, if anyone survives what is coming and finds this journal, know this: take nothing for granted, there are those who will seek to mislead and use you, as they have me. I cannot escape, I know that. I will do what I can, but I fear I will lose more than just my eye in the next ritual. I speak now to the next chosen, I know there will be another, there must be.

I can not tell you which choice is right, if I am right, everything will have changed by your time. Trust your heart, and it will not fail you; trust your mind, and it will not deceive you. They will be coming for me soon, I hope you will fare better than I have. Do not mourn me when I am gone, I have long been willing to die for what I believe, it's only recently that what I believe has changed. I can hear her now, my time is up, I pray that I am the only one who must die.

Editor's note: So ends the account of the last Chosen of the Gift. As is apparent, the Chosen was driven mad by the Void in her final days, leading to her now infamous betrayal at the Shrine of Transference. The journal as a whole consists of wonderful insights into the various aspects of the Gift as well as eloquent warnings against the void, it is for these reasons the journal has been preserved and copied for use in instruction of new sisters. Due to the shocking and blasphemous nature of some later passages, only limited copies will remain unedited, these copies must be regulated.

### The Chosen of the Gift

As far as kidnappings go, Sarah had to admit that it could be a lot worse, not that she had ever been kidnapped before. She looked around the room again. It felt like it had been several hours since she had awoken on the soft bed she now sat on. There was no window, and the door didn't open, but other than that the room was the picture of comfort. There was a tray of food on a round wooden table that Sarah had been snacking on. A bookshelf held an impressive number of books, but Sarah had yet to examine it to see if any caught her interest. There was even a bathroom complete with a shower. Sarah had no way of knowing what time it was or how long she had been in this room. When she had first woken up in the strange room she had been scared, but now that she had time settle down and explore her current situation.

Well. Sarah thought to herself. There's no way out here except that locked door. I might as well relax, because until someone comes and gets me I don't think I'm getting out of here. Surely Mom will have called the cops by now, although I guess I've stayed over at a friend's house without telling her before....but I'm sure when I don't show up at school someone will notice...I hope.

Deciding that she needed to relax, Sarah stepped into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Pulling off her now dry, but still stained, pants, Sarah stripped off the rest of her clothes and felt to make sure the water was suitably warm before stepping into the shower. Sarah closed her eyes as she let the water pour over her body. The water was so hot it was almost scalding, but to Sarah it felt as though all the hardships and worries she had over the past few days were melting away. Time seemed a distant, unimportant concept as Sarah stood amidst the torrent of water. Sarah watched as the mist from the hot water swirled around the shower, or was that a different kind of Mist? Sarah couldn't tell, but she didn't care as she felt herself be enveloped in its warm embrace.

Do not be afraid; for I am with you.

"Well I wasn't particularly afraid, but okay." Sarah responded as she closed her eyes and tried to let the warmth sink into her bones so she would never have to be cold again. Sarah cracked one eye open and glanced around. "Who are you anyway?"

I am one who has been through the struggles you have yet to face. You are special Sarah, this world has needed you for longer than you can imagine.

Briefly wondering at the sensibility of conversing with a disembodied voice, Sarah found that she could not bring herself to feel worried. There was something about the voice that felt familiar, that felt safe. "What exactly do you mean by 'Special?'"

You are the true Chosen of the Gift, a long time ago I thought I was Chosen, and with my fateful pride I caused great harm to this world. You are the only one who can set things right.

"You sure know how to speak in riddles, don't you? You still haven't answered my first question: Who are you?"

Sarah felt adrenalin pour into her blood stream as a deep booming voice rang out all around her.

I am the Voice that calls orders to the warrior in the heat of battle, turning the tide.

It was a different voice now, softer and gentler, it made Sarah feel calm and safe.

I am the Voice that speaks mercy in the ear of the enraged, staying their sword.

I am the Voice that colors the world of the artist, showing them beauty.

Sarah stared in amazement as light shined on the water creating beautiful patterns in the air, as every drop of water created a work of art no one would ever see.

I am the Voice that sings to the musician, teaching them to dance.

Sarah listened as every sound became a symphony, each sound layering upon the last, creating the most beautiful harmony Sarah had ever heard. She felt the Mist take her hand and spin her around slowly as they danced to the music of the world. When the music finally faded Sarah felt tears silently roll down her cheeks. She was not sad that the music was over, but rather she was so filled with joy at experiencing something so beautiful.

I am the Voice that whispers in the lover's ear at night, bringing them true pleasure.

Sarah felt the Voice lay her down as the water warmed her. Sarah closed her eyes and the Voice caressed her gently. Sarah gasped in pleasure as she felt her breath catch in her chest. Her back arched as waves of pleasure wracked through her entire body. Sarah felt her mind drift away as every thought and sensation became pure pleasure.

As Sarah returned to her senses, she slowly stood back up, still panting.

I have a thousand Voices, from a thousand different lives.

It sounded like a multitude of voice were all speaking at one time, making the Voice impossibly deep and rich.

More recently, I have been called the Voice, the Mist, or the Void.

The Voice once again sounded like a young woman as it had originally

"You're the Void?" Sarah asked trying to keep up.

I am not an all consuming entity of eternal darkness if that's what you mean, I am simply telling you what I have been called. I've never been terribly fond of that name, 'the Void' it sounds so sinister.

"Right..." Sarah was more than a little bit confused by the recent events. "Wait, you said you used to be like me, 'Chosen' you said, you must have had a name? A body? Right?"

I suppose it would make this a bit easier.

"I've never been big on titles anyway." The Voice sounded as though it solidified, it was only coming from one direction now, instead of emanating out of the mist all around. "You can call me Khalan."

Sarah stared in amazement, surprised that anything could amaze her after everything she had seen. The mist condensed into a human form, it was a girl, not much older than Sarah by the looks of it.

"Pleasure to finally meet you in person Sarah." The Mist, no....Khalan bowed elegantly, made slightly less elegant by the fact that she was completely naked. Khalan had long dark red hair that reached most of the way down her back.

"H-Hi, nice to meet you." Sarah reached out and grabbed hold of the girl who had just materialized out of mist, squeezing her shoulders and arms, before bringing the girl's hands to her own face, trying to convince herself that this was all real.

"Hey now, I know you're at that age, but you shouldn't just use my body to fulfill all you're desires."

"What? No. I wasn't, I mean..." Sarah blushed letting go of Khalan's hands, using her own hands to try and conserve her modesty. Suddenly very aware of the fact that they were both naked, Sarah couldn't quite figure out where to look, so she finally turned around and faced the wall. "I just wanted to make sure you were real."

"Oh I'm very real." Sarah felt Khalan wrap her arms around Sarah's stomach, her breasts pressing firmly against Sarah's back. "Do you want to discover just how real I am?"

"Eep." Sarah yelped as she felt Khalan's hands start to wander. Quickly disentangling herself from the other girl she hurriedly stepped out of the shower. Breathing heavily as she heard the water in the shower shut off, Sarah managed to convince herself that the shower was the only reason she was feeling so hot, and wet, she tried to busy herself by drying her dripping body with a towel as Khalan stepped out of the shower.

"Sorry, Sorry." Khalan apologized as she glanced around the bathroom. "I shouldn't have teased you like that, I sometimes forget that you just met me. I've been watching you for your whole life, so I feel like I already know you."

"You've been watching me?" Sarah asked, as Khalan bent over to search the cupboards beneath the sink for another towel. "My whole life."

"Yep." Khalan looked back at Sarah over her shoulder and winked. "I told you you're special Sarah."

Sarah blushed and quickly averted her eyes while Khalan straightened up and vigorously dried her hair with her newly acquired towel.

"This is just to much take in, are you sure this isn't some hallucination from whatever chemicals i was knocked out with? Is this all just in my head?"

"Of course this is in your head. Time to wake up, OoooOOOOoooOOOoo" Khalan wiggled her arms at Sarah and continued to moan in a poor imitation of a ghost. Sarah stared at Khalan who continued waving her arms and trying not to laugh until she finally couldn't keep a straight face and collapsed to the floor in a heap of laughter.

"Remind me to never try and get a straight answer out of you." Sarah sighed and threw her towel at Khalan who was still laughing. "Now what happened to my clothes?" Sarah noticed for the first time that her the pile of clothes she had left by the bathroom door was gone.

Cautiously, Sarah poked her head out of the bathroom, once she was satisfied there was no one in the room she stepped out of the bathroom. There was a new tray of food on the table and on the bed there was a pile of neatly folded clothes. Examining the pile, Sarah found a pure white dress that was wonderfully soft to the touch and a pair of white panties which felt as though they were made of the same material as the dress. Just happy to have clean clothes again, Sarah quickly pulled the panties on, and slid the dress down over her head so the hem stopped shortly above her knees.

"What are you going to do for....clothes." Sarah turned towards the bathroom door as she heard Khalan enter the room only to see Khalan now fully dressed.

"What? Were you hoping I would still be naked?" Khalan spun in a slow circle showing off her new attire. The black fabric looked like a second skin as it clung tightly to every curve of Khalan's body. The dress, it could only be classified as a dress, even though it ended halfway down her thighs, was the darkest black Sarah had ever seen, with a thin gold cord wrapped around Khalan's waist.

"Where did you...?"

"Clothes? Clothes are easy." Khalan waved the question away as she strode into the room and took a seat a the table. "But food? Now that is tricky. You ever try to make food out of mist? It's impossible to get any of the flavors right. The meat always tastes like fried egg. Doesn't matter what kind of meat it is. Egg. Every time."

Khalan began devouring the food sitting on the table.

"You ought to try this, it's really rather good." Khalan said, waving a turkey sandwich vaguely in Sarah's direction. "You'll want your strength for what's to come."

"What do you mean 'What's to come'?" Sarah asked, getting a sinking feeling in her stomach.

"I'll always be with you Sarah." Khalan gave a small smile.

The locked door leading out of the room suddenly swung open, and when Sarah glanced back at where Khalan was sitting, she was gone.

The mist swirled gently through the room.

*067*2017-02-17 00:42

{{23 minutes ago, Theonlysaneperson said:

Are you ever going to finish this?

}}

Probably not at this point. If you notice, the last post on this topic was over a year ago. For better or worse, I've moved on to newer projects, which I am still invested in.

