Story competition submission: The wrestling match by Kid_Omo

Author: Flush

*000*2011-12-27 21:22

This is an entry for the story writing competition; the author of the story is Kid_Omo

, I'm just the messenger. Enjoy this work of art, post a small piece of comment to thank the author if you liked it, I'm sure he will appreciate it.

The final results of the story competition can be found here.

THE WRESTLING MATCH

"Finally." Amy said as the small black truck they had been riding in for two and a half hours pulled into the parking lot of the big arena.

Mark looked over with a smile and gave a most ridiculous impression of the Great One, "Finally, the gang has come back to Chicago!" This made Amy giggle.

"Yeah, yeah, now maybe we can finally get out of this truck!" Shouted David, who was currently cramped in the back with his girlfriend, the buxom brunette, Jessie.

After driving around for a bit, they managed to find a parking space and they all piled out of the truck, stretching out a bit before they started walking toward the entrance.

Mark passed out the tickets and they all took thier place in the massive line in front of the entrance, all talking excitedly about the show.

It took a few minutes before they started to realize that the line wasn't moving at all.

"So, how long until the doors open?" Jessie finally asked.

Marked looked at his cell phone, "Right around an hour, closer to fourty-five minutes." He said.

"Why are we here so early, then?" Jessie asked.

"Um, you know, so we can get here early enough and beat the real crowds..." He responded.

"Yeah, it's just a tendency of his. Mark likes to get to a place either at the last second or really early." Amy explained, "It's cool, we can just hang our for a while."

The group stood around, not really talking that much as they waited for time to pass. It was much more chilly out than it was when they left. The short-sleeved wrestling T-shirt Amy wore really didn't help her that much. Jessie's long-sleeved blue shirt helped some, but she was still cold.

"I really wish we hadn't arrive so early." Jessie whispered to Amy, trying to be sure the boys didn't hear, all the while twitching around.

Amy had just throught she was shivering from the cold, however. "Oh, well, you know, it's not that bad." Amy responded.

"Yeah, but I really have to pee, I have since we got here!" Jessie said, urgently bouncing around.

Amy looked around, watching to make sure the boys, particularly Mark, weren't listening in on their conversation. Amy then looked over and noticed the semis parked out near where they were standing, "Well, you could just go behind one of those trailors if it's really that bad."

"Ew, no!" Jessie shouted, suddenly looking around to make sure no one heard her. The boys were looking, but it didn't seem that they knew what she was talking about, "I can't do that," She whispered again, "I'll just hold it until we get in."

"Ok..." Amy said. She had been to events like this before, if you didn't get to the bathrooms right after you got in the building, you'd be waiting for a while, and Jessie didn't have nearly as strong of a bladder as her.

After another little while, the doors finally opened and the line started moving. The ticket checks were really quick, so the line was moving fast, but there were also a lot of people in line.

"Come on, come on!" Jessie repeated trhough grit teeth. This caused Amy to laugh, it's funny when it's not you having the problem, not that Amy didn't have to go, but just not nearly that bad.

Finally, the group got up to the gate, got their tickets scanned and got inside. Jessie looked aorund to find the bathroom but was interrupted.

"Let's find our seats first before we do anything else. He was messing with the spinning WWE logo chain he wore to these events very nervously. Ths kid really did not do well in a large crowd.

Jessie reluctantly accepted and they fought the crowds over to the seating area. They handed their tickets to one of the arena staff and they took a few minutes to find their seats. The seats were in the middle of a row, but they were in an awesome space. Off the ground floor, but with a perfect view of the ring.

After they got their stuff set down, Amy and Jessie took off to find the nearest bathroom before the show began. As Amy predicted, there was long line, all the way out the door, waiting.

Jessie was bouncing around and again constantly repeating "Come on, come on!" She had her legs held tightly together, it was clear she was desperate.

Amy was not, so she just told Jessie she was going off to try and get a T-shirt and then left to wait in the line, or rather cluster, at the merchandise booth.

After a while, they met back at their seats. Well, Amy, Mark, and David did, Jessie was still waiting for her turn in the bathroom. The music hit and the warning against using video recorders and all the other boring legal stuff that no one actually listened to. Then the warm-up dark matches began.

Meanwhile, Jessie was still desperately waiting in line. She had heard the music start, but she was so close and had to go so bad that she couldn't just leave now. A door opened, finally, it was her turn next, now someone just had to hurry up. Jessie firmly clutched her hands between her legs to try and help her hold it in, she was groaning from the pain of holding it in. Suddenly, there was a shot of pain, she felt like it was all just about to burst out.

Finally, a door slowly creaked open and Jessie ran in. Jessie quickly unbuttoned her jeans and pulled down her pants and underwear and sat down. She let out a loud, shuttering sigh of relief as she heard the pee trickling into the toilet bowl, it felt so good. Jessie looked down and noticed something, there was a small, but noticeable, wet patch in her blue panties. A second longer and that would have been more than a little patch, though, so it wasn't that bad.

As the second dark match between two random wrestlers that everyone there would forget about until they maybe had an actual match a year or so from now, Jessie came walking down the steps to her seat, a strange look on her face.

"Everything alright?" David asked as he got up to let her into her seat.

"Yeah, it's fine, just sorry that I missed the first match." She responded.

"You didn't miss mutch." Mark shouted over at her.

Then, they began taping the internet show, NXT, for Tuesday night. As they began one of the gimmicky obstacle courses for the show, Mark and David got up. "We're going to the concession stand before the real show starts, you girls want anything?" Mark asked.

Jessie just shook her head and said "No" but Amy asked them to bring her back something to drink.

Right around the time the first NXT match began and the crowd was chanting "Boring" Mark and David came back to their seats. Mark handed Amy a very large cup of pop, and David gave Jessie a cup of similar size filled with pop.

"I didn't ask you to get me this." Jessie said, quizzically.

"Yeah, but with all the cheering you'll be doing, you know, not at this, but at the real show, you're going to be glad you have it." David responded.

"Oh, thanks." Jessie responded as she slowly sipped away.

After that boring part of the night, the real matches began. By the time the opening theme hit and the fireworks went off, Jessie had drank nearly a fourth of her drink, and Amy nearly half.

Amy shifted uncomfortably as she sat down after the opening rally from the crowd. She was starting to feel something, but she should be alright for the night once the action began.

The show began with a usual, fairly exciting, hype promo to get the fans ready for the night, then it moved straight into the opening match.

The promo and match were oddly exciting for an opener and Amy was cheering a lot and loudly, she took to chugging her soda at any point she wasn't cheering to quench her parched throat. By the time that was all over, she only had a little bit of her pop left, under a quarter of the original amount.

From there, the matched calmed down, but they were still mostly enough to distract Amy for her ever-filling bladder.

Pretty soon, Amy had drank all of her first cup down. She shivered as she felt the sudden, increasing strian on her bladder.

Mark took note of the empty cup and asked if Amy wanted him to get her more. It was only fourt-five minutes into the show, so Amy figured she would want to drink more later. She answered him, slowly, hesitantly, "Um...S-sure."

Soon, a video package came on to fill time as the ring crew got everything ready for the next match. Mark left during that time to go to the concession stand. Amy thought of leaving to go to the bathroom, but she spent too much time weighing whether she had to go bad enough to risk missing the next match and the show returned before she had a chance to get up.

As the next wrestler began to walk out, Mark returned with the large sized cup of sloshy, sugary, liquid for Amy. Amy accepted it, hands shaking a little, and took a small sip before setting it down. With that sip, she realized that she needed to go more than she thought, it was pretty bad!

"Hey, Mark?" Amy whispered, loud enough to get her attention, "When's the intermission?" She asked.

"There is no intermission." Mark responded. He had forgotten, this was the first time

Amy had been to a live taping, she wouldn't have any way of knowing that. Mark looked Amy up and down quickly, then turned his attention right back to the ring.

Amy was having a little trouble focusing during the next promo segment, partially because it bored her, partially because she really needed to use the bathroom. Amy then looked over and saw Jessie nearly doubled over in her seat, trembling a little bit. One of Jessie's hands was clutching the empty cup that was filled with soda a little over an hour ago, her legs were crossed, pretty firmly from the looks of it. Amy heard a slight whimper from Jessie.

"Are you alright?" Amy asked, fairly certain of the answer.

"Yeah," Jessie answered, "I just really need to use the bathroom." She added, clearly straining to hold it in.

"I do, too," Amy assured, "We can go during the next video package, it shouldn't be too long, now. And there shouldn't be much of a line." Amy said.

Jessie nodded her agreement to the plan.

Amy was right on one account, after a brief segment that could liberally be described as a "match" the arena went dark and another video package started, a commercial for the game that had already come out.

Amy and Jessie excused themselves and got up, having to fight their way down the row to get out. They then climbed the stairs to the nearest exit and dashed off to the nearest restroom. It turns out Amy was wrong, however, that there woudn't be a line. It wasn't as much as before the show, but there was a significant line between the girls and their sweet relief.

The crowd started cheering, indicating that the show was starting once more, but the girls resolved to stay and get relief before going back to watch the show.

That was, until they plainly heard "Cult of Personality" start playing, the entrance theme to one of their favorite wrestlers, CM Punk. Amy and Jessie looked at eachother for a moment, the vicious conundrum obvious from their faces.

Finally, they just said "forget it" and left to go back to their seats.

The promo and subsequent match proved quite entertaining. It distracted Amy and Jessie as much as they could be distracted, as desperate as they were.

After the match, Jessie asked if Amy wanted to try for the bathrooms again. Amy looked at her phone, there was only about half an hour left in the night, she felt like she could hold it, and Jessie didn't want to leave by herself, she might get lost in the crowd.

What Amy hadn't taken into account was that she was drinking more of her pop during the last match, and more and more of that liquid was working its way through her system.

By the time the main event rolled around, Amy and Jessie were both incredibly desperate, but it was the last match, the main event, they couldn't just leave now.

The match dragged on for what felt like hours to the two bursting girls. By the middle of the match, Amy had her hands firmly placed between her legs and her legs held together, trying to be subtle. Jessie, on the other hand, was nearly doubled over in her seat with one hand firmly held between her crossed legs, she was constantly twitching, she couldn't hold still.

Finally, the match ended and there was a few minutes of rallying the crowd, then a thanks for being such a terrific audience, and the show was over.

The group filed out of the arena slowly, the people didn't move very fast and some didn't seem to understand that it works better when people moving one way are in one place, rather than in a giant cluster of humanity all going different directions.

"Hey, can you guys wait? I really have to use the bathroom." Jessie asked, tyring not to sound too desperate, but it was still clear in her voice, and even clearer from the way she was standing, both legs together and one hand pressed down on her crotch.

"No, that's a bad idea." Said Mark, "There'll be a massive line, it'll just be quicker if we get back to the truck and get out of here, then we can stop at a rest stop or something on our way out."

"Alright." Jessie reluctantly agreed.

They again fought the crowd to get out of the arena, then walked through the dark parking lot to find the truck. Everyone piled in, not without a bit of effort and struggle, and tried to take off.

It took a few minutes before they could even back out of their parking space, then traffic moved very slowly, it took forever for them to even get out of their row.

Jessie, unable to contain herself any longer, shouted "Come on! Hurry up!" Not sure of what that was supposed to accomplish.

"Can you please be quiet?" Mark shouted, getting very testy, not at Jessie, but at the traffic.

"If you really have to go that bad, you could always jump out and pee in the parking lot, I'm sure there's plenty of spots for it." David joked with a chuckle.

Mark couldn't resist but to add in his voice with a slightly less aggitated, and quiet "Yeah." When Amy heard this, she turned and glared at Mark, partially for mocking Jessie's desperation, partially because that statement was almost like catching Mark staring at another girl.

Despite Mark's request, both girls were groaning in pain by the time they managed to slowly file out of the parking lot. After a short while longer, they were back on the road and the traffic was quickly clearing up.

"Can we please stop somewhere soon?" Amy asked, bouncing in her seat.

"Just wait," Mark answered, "We can stop at the rest stop just outside the city, we'll be there in, like, five minutes."

"I'm not sure I can hold it that long!" Jessie shouted from the back seat.

Mark looked a little troubled and sped up. He may like to see girls wet themselves, but he didn't want anyone peeing in his truck, it could stain, or at the very least, soak into the seats.

For the next few minutes, Jessie sat in the back of the truck, hunched over, both of her hands placed between her legs, gritting her teeth. It was clear to see from the spots on her knees that her eyes were watering, she was crying from the strain of holding it in.

Amy wasn't fairing any better. She was writhing around in her seat, both hands firmly placed between her legs, which where tightly wound around each other.

After what felt like forever, the blue sign indicating a rest stop came into view. Mark turned onto the ramp. As he slowly drove up the ramp, the girls were bouncing around, groaning from shear desperation, they were so close, they couldn't lose control now.

Marked parked right out front and he and Amy jumped out, they then let Jessie and David out of the back. Jessie went running to the bathroom, stopping every few steps to stop a sudden spurt from escaping. Amy took off quickly to the bathroom, but hers was less of a run and more of a fast waddle. Amy thought she could feel some escaping, but she couldn't waist time stopping to try and hold it in.

Jessie made it to the bathroom door then took off, taking her hands from between her legs and going to work on the button of her jeans. She quickly dashed into the first open stall and pulled her pants and panties down as quickly as she could, sitting down on the toilet and sighing with the massive relief, it actually felt incredibly good to let it out.

Amy managed to get to the door and walk into the bathroom, but, as soon as she did, a massive shot of pain hit her. Amy tried to quickly make it to the stall, but her bladder was worn out. Amy couldn't move, she was trembling as the urine leaked out, dampening her underwear and overflowing to her jeans. The dark spot on the front of her jeans gradually grew and a loud hissing noise filled the air.

Amy looked around and quickly ran into the stall, but it was no use, she couldn't stop it. Amy, not really thinking, just sat on the toilet, wetting herself through her jeans. When she was done, Amy did all she could to try and clean herself up, but the damage had been done, her pink panties were thoroughly soaked through, and the waist area of her jeans, as well as her inner thighs, were completely soaked, there were even a few dark streaks the rest of the way down her legs.

Amy sat there for a second, in shock from the complete embarassment of this situation.

After a while, she walked out of the stall and saw Jessie standing at the sink, she seemed to be wiping something off her jeans with a paper towel. Jessie then turned around, there was a clear wet spot on the crotch of her pants, it was pretty big, but it wasn't nearly as bad as what Amy had to deal with.

After exchanging looks of mutual shame, they decided they couldn't just stand in the bathroom all night, so they walked out. Mark was standing out in the main room of the rest area when they walked out. He turned around from pretending to be interested in the maps of Illinois and looked at the girls, it took him only a second for his expression to change to a combination of shock and enjoyment.

"What happened?" He asked, walking up to Amy, his eyes still not shifting from her very wet jeans.

"What do you think happened?" Amy asked, trying to sound agressive, despite her massive embarrassment.

Mark nodded, "Right, right," He said, half paying attention. He then looked at Jessie, "You, too?"

Jessie just shrunk back and blushed. Amy spoke up for her, "It wasn't as bad as me."

Mark shook his head then raised his gaze to actually look at the girls, "It's not a problem," He said, "We can set down some plastic bags or something, my truck will be fine, and we can just take you girls straight home."

A few moments later, David came out of the men's bathroom and met up with the group. It took him longer than Mark, but still not too long, to look around and realize something. He looked at Amy, then looked down. David started laughing, "Mark, I think your girlfriend wet her pants."

"Yeah, maybe." Mark said, with an annoyed glance and a sly smile at David, "But no one's going to know about that, you're not going to tell anyone."

"Why's that?" David asked, looking at Mark, a little afraid of his response.

"Your girlfriend had her own problem during this trip." Mark said, "But, aside from that, I know some things about you that are much worse than that, you get what I'm saying?"

David backed up a step and had a very worried and embarrassed look on his face, "Right, right, no one needs to know." He said. It was almost like something out of a mobster flick.

After that, Mark took the plastic bags from the merchandise stand and tore them open, setting them on top of the seats where Jessie and Amy were going to sit. It was an uncomfortable solution, but this situation couldn't really get much more awkward for the girls.

Mark drove them back home, dropping off Jessie and David at their respective houses, then he drove to Amy's house. When he stopped there to let her out, he walked her to the doorstep and gave her a long kiss goodnight. This was much less awkward than the last time something like this happened. Still, Amy's parents were home, and she wanted to get changed, so Mark just walked back to his truck and drove home, revelling in the memory of the night.

