Shauna: In a Bit of Trouble (Pokemon X/Y)

Author: Petrichor

*000*2016-01-05 02:02

This fic is based on the Pokemon XY Anime and it takes place after XY090 "A Performance Pop Quiz!".

###

“Alright, Shauna, Tierno, and Trevor.” Nurse Joy smiled. Her assistant, Wigglytuff, zoomed past her with all of the three’s Pokemon. “Today’s quite a busy day. It might be an hour or even two until they are all fully healed. But don’t worry. Couriway Town is filled with many sights to see. I bet you’ll get yourselves lost in them and the next thing you know it, a few hours have passed.”

Shauna sighed, forcing herself to put on a fake smile for the nurse. She then nodded. “Yes. Thank you, Nurse Joy. We’ll be back before you can say ‘Team Rocket’.” All she really wanted right now was relief. After saying goodbye to Ash and his friends hours before, Shauna had went with Tierno to go to Couriway Town, along the way, she had gotten quite dehydrated and began to drink half of their juice box supply before bumping into Trevor: at that point, she snatched his water bottle and drank it to the last drop, stunning her friends. She didn’t care about what was going to happen to her now that she was quenched. She could be bursting and she wouldn’t have a care in the world.

Right now, Shauna hated her self for thinking that. She squeezed her legs together in an effort to make the terrible pressure below her abdomen go away, and took a few deep breaths. In and out. In and out. The bathroom was just a couple of feet away. The only thing she needed to do was walk there, and... before she even lifted a foot, Trevor grabbed her by the arm, surprising her. “Come on, Shauna! I heard there’s a cave around here! A cave where there are Pokemon like Sandslash and Graveler and Pupitar and...well, just come with us! I can spend all day there, observing the textural differences of a pangolin’s obstructive appendage such as Sandslash spine...”

“What?” was Shauna’s reply, confused at what her friend had just said, as well as agitated at the fact she was headed somewhere against her will. “Well, can’t I go to the restroom first?” Trevor gave a small chuckle. He began to run faster as they zoomed outside the Pokémon Center and eventually the outskirts of Couriway Town, forcing Shauna to keep up with his immoral pace. Tierno’s shouts of “hey, wait for me!” a few yards down were apparently ignored as the young photographer began to explain. “I was just kidding about the spending all day there part. We’ll just find the cave, take a few pictures, and leave. You don’t have to pee that bad, right?”

Shauna winced at his last sentence. Her bladder didn’t feel very full, now that she thought about it. “I don’t. At least, I don’t think so. But if you say just a few pictures...I guess I’ll be fine.”

###

“No WAY!” yelled Tierno. “You’re serious? We’re LOST?”

“I’m sorry!” cried out Trevor. “I wasn’t really paying attention to my surroundings, the guy who told me there was a cave near Couriway said I just had to go west, and then when I saw a bunch of trees, and then an empty mineshaft, I was supposed to go south...or was it east and then north? Oh, no. I’m sorry, you guys. I shouldn’t have dragged you two into this.”

Shauna groaned as she tuned out Trevor’s apologies and Tierno’s freaking out. Not only were they lost in some terrible, rocky mountainous place without any Pokemon, but her bladder was on the verge of bursting. A few leaks had already escaped from her beforehand, and as much as they provided temporary relief, they also provided the terrible urge to release more. She hoped her friends wouldn’t notice her slightly damp shorts. They were much too busy fretting over other things. Her legs were crossed tightly, passing it off as just an idle pose, hoping it would aid in the quickly-losing battle between her and her bladder. But it quickly proved fruitless as she widened her eyes. A wave of pain came over her bladder, forcing her to jam her hands between her legs.

“You guys,” Shauna whined, “I kinda have to,” her voice trailed off as Trevor gasped.

“Oh no. Oh no, oh no, oh noI can’t believe it! I’m so so sorry! I sincerely forgot you really had to go. Look, the only thing I can tell you now is - is... hang on. Please. We’ll... we’ll get out of here, I promise.”

Shauna took a pained breath. She wasn’t sure if she even had the strength to hang on anymore. She was really grateful that Trevor was now creating a diversion. He was asking Tierno if they could possibly find any pathway that led to one of the routes back to Couriway Town, at least they weren’t going to see her evergrowing desperation.

She jammed her hands between her legs even harder in an attempt to alleviate the pressure somehow, but an intense wave of pain came over her bladder. Her eyes widened as she realized what was going to inevitably happen.

A stream of hot urine immediately came right out of Shauna. She blushed and felt embarrassed. A wet spot appeared in the center of her shorts, and in spite of her attempts to control her leaking, the spot slowly got bigger as piss was trickling down her shorts, and she tried to stop herself from making any noise. After she felt her bladder was empty, tears had welled up in her eyes, some sliding down her cheeks. Not only were her shorts drenched and turned a shade of navy blue, but she was now standing in a rather large pale-yellowish puddle.

The two boys had finally turned around, with Trevor exclaiming, “Hey, I think I can see Couriway Town over there.” Only to be greeted by Shauna silently crying at her accident. “Shauna?” Tierno implored. “You wet yourself, didn't you?” The normally energetic girl nodded shakily. “I’m sorry, Tierno. I mean, I couldn't hold it and, I know you told me to hang on, Trevor, but I couldn't. I’m worthless, huh? A girl full well past her potty training years couldn’t hold her own for one day, and look what happened. An accident.”

Trevor smiled at this. “Shauna, it’s okay. If it makes you feel any better, I was a bedwetter up until a few years ago. And, well,” the dancer nodded at Trevor after realizing he was looking at him uncertainly. “Tierno used to wet the bed as well. We will never think you’re worthless because of a silly accident.”

“Yeah,” agreed the other boy, “we’re not gonna tell anyone or nothin’, Shaunee. What just happened right now is something that’s going to be kept a secret!”

Shauna sighed in relief, at least they were understanding about it. “Now, come on, you guys.” said her photographer friend, “we’ve gotta get to Couriway’s Pokemon Center. I have a feeling they’re healed by now, and Shauna needs to change her clothes anyways, the cave is going to have to wait.” The other two assented, and they all made their way back to Couriway Town, feeling a bit more prideful.

At least when I happen to have an accident from now on, thought Shauna as she grinned, I don’t have to worry about being humiliated.

