Remember: No Bathrooms in the Park

Author: AEMILIVS

*000*2013-12-23 01:01

"Remember, People, there are no bathrooms in the park! So go now, or forever hold your pee!"

"Gross!"

"They treat us like children."

"We're in high school, for crying out loud."

"I can't remember the last time I peed my pants."

You lie, thought Billy, smiling to himself, and recalling the girl on the hayride, squirming with her hands between her legs and a dark wet stain on her jeans bottom.

"Do you know that Becky is wearing a diaper?" Flo's question recalled Billy from his fond recollections to the conversation between Flo and Wendy in the seat ahead of him.

"Get on back!" exclaimed Wendy.

"Take a look at her bottom; it's fat, but not that fat." A titter of giggles brought another smile to Billy's lips. Could Becky really be wearing a diaper? He'd have to check this out.

"Okay; listen up, everybody. If you're not wearing shorts under your costumes, roll up your pants legs, so they don't show."

Mrs. Glockman's command stirred a rustle of activity, as most of the boys and girls bent to rollup their pants legs.

"Shorts? It's twenty f_____g five degrees outside, " Wendy grumbled. "I should have worn sweat pants under my jeans."

"I wish I'd worn two pair," returned Flo, "but then I'd look like I was wearing a diaper." More giggles.

Billy finished rolling up his pants legs. He was glad he was a boy. Boys could pee anywhere; prissy girls always needed a five star bathroom. They all should wear diapers. Billy smiled inwardly, as he pictured Flo and Wendy in diapers. Yes, girls should be made to wear diapers, and use them.

"Earth to Billy," Snapping back to reality, Billy nodded to Mrs. Glockman and joined the general exodus from the bus. He thought of Mrs. G. in a diaper, and shuddered. Good grief, he thought to himself.

...

The living nativity scene really looked good. A steady line of cars snaked through the park to view the many lights. Traffic slowed to a crawl passing the living nativity. His youth group was doing a good job; he was proud. He clanked serepticiously at his watch: An hour down, two to go. Not bad.

Billy noticed Flo and Wendy whispering among the white clad Heavenly host. He wondered if they were whispering about having to pee. He did, but not too badly.

He looked down at Becky who was playing Mary, seated on a hay bale. Was she really wearing a diaper?

...

Half an hour to go. Cold was creeping up Billy's legs. He took some small steps in place, getting his slowed blood flowing again. Back at the gym there would be hot chocolate. Ummmm, hot chocolate! Oops! Better not think about hot chocolate, before making a bathroom. Billy clinched his muscles; his bladder was comfortably full.

Among the angels, there was increasing squirming. Billy wondered if real angels ever peed their pants. He wondered if Flo or Wendy would pee her pants. Not likely, but one can always hope, especially in high school.

"Listen up, everybody." Mrs. G, of course. "The mayor just told me that there's such a line of cars waiting to get into the park, that they're staying open an extra hour."

Becky groaned audibly. Billy saw grimaces among the Angels. Danny, a shepherd, held his crotch in desperation. Billy took a deep breath. Relax, man, he told himself; it's just one more hour. You can make it. But Billy was beginning to hurt.

...

Billy watched the Danny cross and uncross his legs, bend and hold himself. Then his face went blank. Danny froze. What's wrong with Danny, Billy wondered. Then he knew: Danny had peed his pants. C'mon man! But Danny wouldn't be in high school until next year. Middle school boys were still children. Billy remembered peeing his band uniform in eighth grade. Good grief.

"O no!" Billy glanced down at Becky. Her expression was anguished. Billy heard a hushed hiss into plastic. He caught a whiff of pee. Becky had peed her pants.

No! Becky was wearing a diaper, wasn't she. He thought about the soggy padding slowly cooling in the plastic cacoon shrouding Becky's hips. He wondered what it felt like in her diaper. He'd love to find out. Yeah; fat chance.

Up among the angels, Flo was still trying to conceal her peepee dance, but Wendy stood still. One pee pants angel; may we have another, Billy thought. He was bad. Yes, thought Billy to himself; he was bad...and he had to pee...bad!

Why not, Billy thought. I can just stand here and let go in my pants, and enjoy the feeling. Peeing his pants did feel good, especially in cold weather. Billy remembered the Christmas parade in eighth grade. His friends kidded him mercilessly about peeing his band uniform, but it had felt good. That was Billy's first time, but it had not been his last.

Why not? Billy relaxed. He felt pee right down to the end of his peepee. Relax. Billy felt warmth in his underpants. His muscles clenched automatically. He willed them to relax, and in a few seconds the stream resumed, soaking his crotch and running down Billy's legs.

He heard Becky gasp. Billy realized that pee was running from his turned up pants leg. He smiled, pleased, but embarrassed.

"You're peeing your pants!" Becky whispered.

"Guilty," said Billy in a low voice.

Becky giggled. "I'm wearing a diaper; I peed in it a while ago."

"Cool!"

"It is now; I've got goose bumps all over my legs and bottom." Way to go, Billy Boy! You're actually talking about peeing your pants with a girl!

"I think Danny peed his pants, too," Billy offered.

Becky giggled. "That's three times this year." Wow, thought Billy; this girl knows things. "And I bet Wendy and Flo are wet, too," continued Becky.

Billy smiled to himself. Now here was a girl to get to know better.

"Pack it up, People," Mrs. G. sang out. Stiff legs began to move, and Billy noticed that there indeed were several walking bow-legged, like himself.

