Earthbound Paula's problem

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-07-08 16:09

(Just so you know this is my first omorashi story so sorry if it is not to good.)

It had been a while since Paula Polestar had been kidnapped from her home of Twoson, and trapped behind metal bars in a small wooden cabin in Peaceful Rest Valley by Carpainter. She sighed while she laid on the cold wooden floor, using her teddy bear as a pillow, her long bright blonde hair lying along the floor and her pink hair ribbon lying on the floor from her rough sleep.

Paula started to hear the noise of the door opening, and the small light flick on it barely lit the cabin. She sighed and sat up, expecting her captor to be here. She got up and turned around. To her surprise she saw a boy in a red cap and black hair standing there at the door. “Hello?” the boy said approaching the cell. Paula excitedly got up picking her ribbon up off the floor and fixing it back in her hair. They both approached the bars looking at each other through them. “Who… are you Ness?” Paula asked. Her hopes were high seeing him. The boy nodded insisting he was Ness. Paula seemed cheered up hearing this.

“Ness, I’m so glad it’s you,” Paula proclaimed happily. Ness smiled over hearing her happy. “I had a dream a boy named Ness was my destiny,” she implied. He nodded, remembering her contacting him through telepathy. “I know it’s hard to believe, therefore I knew you would rescue me,” she told him. He was just sitting in a nearby chair listening to her but at the same time thinking of how to get her out of her prison that kept pondering in his mind. “If you didn’t come, I would have had to try to bust out of here,” she said with a grin, Ness gulped a tad nervous.

“You can’t open the door. You’ll have to get the key from Carpainter. He’s got it hidden away,” Paula started thinking that Ness will be able to obtain the key for her. “I heard Carpainter can control lightning. In that case you should wear this franklin badge, okay?” she told him and she gave him the franklin badge. Ness clipped it onto his hat with a smile. “I’ll wait here until you return. Come back here and get me once you defeat Carpainter” she finished after telling him what to do. He nodded and gave her a thumbs up insisting he’d handle it.

But Ness didn’t turn away. He looked at Paula worried for her. “Don’t worry about me. Just kick butt like I know you can!” she cheered in support. He nodded, but as he was leaving, Paula pondered for a moment. “Hey, Ness, I’ve been stuck in here a while, and I’m kind of getting thirsty. You wouldn’t have anything to drink, would you?” she asked in embarrassment having a slight blush for asking him to do anything more. Ness nodded and dug around in his bag a little. He then pulled out a can of fruit juice and handed it to her. “Thanks a lot,” Paula told him. He nodded and walked off, closing the cabin door behind him. She just began drinking the can of fruit juice while waiting patiently for him to return and rescue her.

It didn’t take long for Paula to finish the can of fruit juice. She laid the empty can in a corner before she just sat down on her knees, looking at her teddy bear since it was her only source of the slightest entertainment.

After a while of waiting, Paula began to have a light pressure feeling in her lower abdomen, but the feeling vanished. She brushed it off and ignored it. Then she heard the door opening again. She got up and saw it was Ness holding the key to the cell. Paula came to the bars with glee. “Ness, you got the key! Are you hurt?” she asked worried. He shook his head, insisting he was unharmed while he was unlocking the door. After he opened it, Paula stepped out of the cell happily, still holding her teddy bear. “I’m sorry for all the trouble I caused you,” she said. She felt Ness put a hand on her shoulder trying to reassure her it was all right.

“Thank you, Ness! You’re just like I’d imagine you would be,” Paula started. Ness chuckled in reply. “I know there may be some people in Twoson worried about me. Getting back there might be dangerous, but we can do it if we combine our strength. Let’s head back to Twoson” Paula said. She then left the cabin with Ness.

While passing through Happy Happy Village, Ness and Paula had stopped at the shop to get items and gear. While Ness was busy getting everything, Paula was starting to feel the can of fruit juice she drank earlier catching up to her and beginning to fill her bladder. She would prefer to go in the store’s bathroom while she could. She sighed walking to the nearby bathroom. When she turned the handle, it was locked. Her urge to go wasn’t too bad yet, though it was irritating. She knocked on the bathroom door and received no response, so she just sighed while waiting.

While Paula was distracted trying to get into the bathroom, she felt a hand on her shoulder that startled her and made a few drops of urine escape her and drip into her panties. She turned around crunching her thighs together looking at Ness. She immediately straightened up so he didn’t notice. Ness showed Paula a copper bracelet. She looked in surprise since they were near $350 of value.

Paula smiled taking it and putting it on just trying to brush off her need for relief for now. She thought she would just hold it until Twoson, but ness appeared to be going in the opposite direction, to her confusion. But before she could question it she realized she was only level 1. Ness pointed to some weak enemies with his same innocent look. “So we’re… training? This shouldn’t be too hard,” Paula implied, knowing that they’d have to fight the second sanctuary guardian as well, which started to worry her ever-filling bladder. “Let’s get started,” she said nervously while they walked into the cave to begin training.

After a while of training, Paula was starting to get to the point of desperation where she found herself jamming a hand into her crotch, whenever she got the chance to relieve pressure. Ness usually was busy beating up on weak enemies, though Ness noticed Paula slightly hunched over once with her back turned. Ness tapped on her shoulder wondering if she was okay. Paula gasped immediately straightening up, just giving a nervous laugh. “O-oh hey, Ness, I thought y-you were beating that Mr Batty…” she said embarrassed.

Ness was looking at her worried. He didn’t know what was wrong with Paula but was starting to notice her attacking less in battle with her PSI or not, to a point she would skip out on some battles entirely. She gulped wondering what to do as she felt a twinge in her bladder and more drops of pent up urine escape her. Every second her urgent need to pee reminded her of being teased in her girlhood with her hot pee demanding for release. Paula couldn’t help but jam a hand into her crotch to try and prevent her pent up pee from escaping.

Paula gulped thinking she’d be better off telling him since she had already put on an embarrassing display. Ness still was looking worried as Paula straightened up. “Um… N-ness… I-I… uh… I need a washroom break… pretty badly…” Paula told him. She had to relieve herself desperately as calmly as she could. Ness’s eye’s widened a little, but he shook it off and nodded, understanding her plight. He started to realize what she had been doing the whole time. The thought of Ness knowing made Paula blush.

Ness grabbed one of Paula’s hands, starting to lead back to Happy Happy Village, thinking it’d be simple to just bring her back to a bathroom in the store.

Once they arrived back to the store in Happy Happy Village, Paula immediately went toward the bathroom. She tried to turn the nob but it was still locked. She gulped knocking on the door, but to her dismay she got no response. “No, no, no, no, come on! It was like this earlier,” Paula proclaimed in worry while feeling a few more drops of urine drip into her panties. She quickly grabbed her crotch with her free hand while crossing her legs and banging on the door with the other hand.

Paula saw Ness standing there watching since he finished getting some items. She gulped blushing for practically doing a pee dance in front of him. He didn’t bother to ask if she could get in the bathroom or not. Ness pulled out a map pointing to Twoson on it. “Y-you want me to try a-and hold it all the way back home?” Paula asked trying to think it through, not wanting to embarrass herself. At home she saw Threed was closer. “L-let’s go here,” she said with a shrill voice. Ness nodded and left the store with Paula heading back to the cave.

While in the cave, they began approaching the sanctuary guardian that appeared to be a giant mole. “You finally got here. This is the second ‘your sanctuary’ location, but it’s mine now! Take it from me if you dare,” the Mondo Mole challenged Ness. He nodded ready to fight, but knew Paula couldn’t help much due to her current condition.

During the fight Ness would just keep hitting the Mondo Mole while Paula tried to use PK Freeze on it whenever she could, but she was starting to find it impossible to stand still. She always moved or fidgeted.

After a little while, the Mondo Mole was defeated and dead. Ness entered the sanctuary to get the second melody for the sound stone. Paula just waited outside, desperate for him to hurry up so they could go to Threed.

Every second Paula felt closer to bursting as she heard a footstep. She got up with her hands jammed into her crotch, still trying to be careful and not to lose control of her aching bladder muscles. “C-can we go to Threed now, Ness?” Paula asked after she turned around. But she saw that Ness had a mushroom on his head and was confused. A Ramblin’ Evil Mushroom was in the second sanctuary. She gulped backing up slowly not wanting to hurt him. Ness pulled back. “PK Rockin Alpha!” he shouted, firing a huge burst of energy.

Ness’s attack hit the ground in front of Paula, blasting her back and knocking her down to an area that was only a little lower then where they were in the cave. Paula groaned and sat up on her knee’s rubbing her head.

While on her knees she felt a twinge. Paula gasped quickly grabbing herself again. Tears began welling in her eyes as she began crying. “I-It’s coming out!” she said crying as she began fully wetting her panties and soaking her dress. The pee poured out of her forcefully with a loud hissing noise. It puddled beneath her and on the cave floor. After a few minutes of peeing she had finished emptying her bladder she felt a huge relief.

Ness groaned once he snapped out of his confusion and the mushroom fell off his head. He looked around for Paula confused. He heard the sobbing coming from down below so that’s exactly where he went. He got to where the crying was coming from.

Ness looked in surprise when he saw Paula on her knee’s in a puddle of urine, her dress clearly saturated. Ness came over grabbing her hand and helping her up. Paula was still crying. “I can’t go anywhere like this,” she said with a crying voice looking down at her dress seeing the front of her where she was holding herself. There was a huge wet spot stretching from her stomach and past her midsection a few inches. She looked at her back to see her entire behind was soaked as well.

Ness patted Paula on the back trying to console her. She wasn’t mad at him since he had no idea he had hurt her. Ness had an idea smiling as he helped Paula up. He held her wet hand as he led her back to the second sanctuary. “W-what are we doing here?” she asked while seeing the sanctuary. It appeared to be outside with a bunch of footstep marks on the ground. Ness walked over and sat down on the grass yawning and laying back on it. Paula just looked at him confused as she realized what he was doing, pretending to be tired so her dress could dry.

Paula nodded lying down beside Ness on the soft grass, just wanting to rest and forget about her torturous day.

*002*2012-07-08 19:54

{{: 

You did a pretty good job with this. You managed to convey a sense of chemistry starting between Ness and Paula despite a lack of speaking from Ness.

The desperation was good, and the description of the wetting wasn't bad, though I would've liked to see a bit more of a look at Paula's thoughts as it happened. All in all, good job though

}}

Tank's a ton i'm glad you liked it, an i'll keep that in mind for the next one i'm just happy to know i did a decent job at least.

*004*2012-07-08 20:35

{{: 

Really nice done and you even get to have some of the storyline from the game in the storiess to wich made it really nice to read

Really really nice job

}}

Tank's glad you think so.

*006*2012-07-08 22:19

{{: 

This is one of the most awesome Omorashi-fic I ever read I'm one who loves Omorashi and Earthbound (Earthbound/Mother series More) but combining them? WOW JUST WOW Amazing work! :D

}}

Thank's i'm glad you enjyoed it.

*008*2012-07-11 12:58

{{: 

I love the idea for this story and it's very well written. Please continue with this if you can. Everything works very well together.

}}

I'm glad to hear you enjoyed it and i will.

And to be honest i plan on doing the other mother game's to.

*009*2012-07-13 17:02

Wow only up a few day's an already nearly has 350 view's i'm ind of surprised. I had to edit a few typo's by the way.

