HARD BOILED LEGS: A Megan and Sarah mystery adventure - Page 4

Author: frostyjr2

*076*2014-01-10 13:51

Our thanks to you all for your kind words (and your silent support as well).

The next installment of the story should be posted at some point over the weekend.

See you soon !

*077*2014-01-11 13:50

Saturday, Saturday... time for the next part of the story.

We hope you like it, and will find time to post a comment afterwards !

CHAPTER 10:

IF YOU CAN'T STAND THE HEAT...

Sarah wanted to give her compliments to the chef who had prepared such an excellent repast, so she had asked Cervin to show her to the kitchen.

As she approached the door with an utterly bursting Megan in tow, however, she could hear a high pitched voice screaming from behind it.

"AAAUGGGGH, KETCHUP!!! NOT AGAIN?!!! I WILL TRULY KILL HIM THIS TIME, I SWEAR IT!!!"

Just as she opened the door, a plate smashed up almost beside her head and fell to the floor as shattered pieces, the remains of the meal that was on it having scattered across the kitchen during its trajectory.

"Oh! Pardon me, Ma'am!" the cook exclaimed, rapidly recovering her composure, at least on the outside. "I had no idea anyone was coming in; I'm so sorry!"

"A miss is as good as a mile… think nothing of it." Sarah said, smiling, before continuing on. "Pardon me for disturbing you now, but I just wanted to take the time to tell you how much I enjoyed that meal, Mrs. Hudson. Everything about it was simply perfect, from the soup to the dessert course."

"Why, thank you, Ma'am. It is quite nice to have one's efforts recognized and appreciated, I must say," the cook smiled at Sarah's effusive praise.

"It would be difficult, if not impossible, to be so capable without the benefit of formal training, I should think," Sarah went on, smiling back.

"Why yes, Ma'am; I am a graduate of Le Cordon Bleu in Paris, and I also worked at Chez L'Ami Louis as sous chef for ten years before entering private service with His Lordship." the cook replied proudly.

"Sous chef at Chez Louis? You don't mean to say that you are the former Ms. Selva Ware?" Sarah looked at the cook, who was fairly puffing up with pride at being remembered as she continued.

"I have had many excellent meals, for I do rather enjoy fine dining... but I had the great privilege of dining at Chez L'Ami Louis once during that time, and that meal was one of the most exquisite and memorable of my entire life!"

As Sarah said these words, the cook beamed.

"To cook for such a connoisseur is always a pleasure, Madam, and to hear that someone like you has enjoyed one's cooking is the greatest of joys."

Megan enjoyed a good meal as much as the next girl, and the 'next girl' in this case being Sarah, that meant she had enjoyed it very much indeed.

However, at the moment she was in no mood to bubble effusively over the one she had just eaten. The copious amounts of red wine and water she had consumed along with her dinner and the coffee she had had with dessert were now percolating quite nicely inside of her, and she gave Sarah a nudge and a look which had become all too familiar to the both of them by now.

Poor Megan was feeling the urge to wee almost as badly as when she'd wet herself earlier, and now she was a bit concerned that she wouldn't be able to get out of her tight dress and vintage underwear before it was too late.

"Yes, thanks, it really was super," she said, tugging gently at Sarah's arm.

Megan's lovely green eyes were imploring her, Please, can we go now? One accident in public is quite enough for today, thank you very much!

Sarah just couldn't help loving Megan all the more for her desperate state, and despite her lover's imploring glances, or perhaps even because of them, she was determined to make the moment last as long as possible.

"Well, I suppose we'd better be going... I'm sure you have lots to do," Megan said, hoping Sarah would get the not-so-subtle hint that she was perhaps only moments away from yet another humiliating public wetting.

"Actually, I was hoping Ms. Ware might give us the recipe for that wonderful dessert," Sarah grinned, using every delaying tactic she could think of.

OMG... she doesn't even cook! Megan thought.

She rolled her eyes and crossed her legs as tightly as she could, but she could still feel a small trickle of wee escape to dampen her knickers once again. Nonetheless, she obediently pulled her small tablet from her purse and was about to turn it on to take down the recipe when an alarmed-sounding Cervin stopped her, having arrived just then with another tray full of dinner dishes only to see Megan with an electronic device in hand.

"NO!" he exclaimed, startling Megan to the point where she almost wet herself fully right then and there. As it was, she lost her grip on the tablet and it dropped to the floor.

After a moment, Cervin now said more calmly, "By order of Lord Daghly, Madam. I am truly sorry for any inconvenience this may cause you."

Inconvenience??? Megan thought, Inconvenience?!!! I just about wee'd myself again all over your darned kitchen floor, is all!

Still trying to conceal her now utterly desperate condition, she realised there was NO way she would be able to bend down to recover her tablet without wetting herself in her present state.

Luckily, Erica came to her rescue... the little maid appeared as if out of thin air and was already scooping up the fallen tablet and handing it back to Megan as she smiled sweetly at her, with a cheerful, "There you go, Ma'am!", still squirming in place ever so slightly herself.

Sarah, being quite keenly attuned to such things by now, couldn't help but notice the cute little housemaid's desperate state.

OMG, she's pee dancing too! she thought as the young girl curtseyed just a bit with an almost imperceptible wiggle of her cute little bottom.

It had certainly been a near thing for Megan, and she squeezed her thighs as tightly together as possible under her dress to prevent herself from losing it totally as she replaced the tablet in her purse with a soft and contrite, "Thanks… sorry, I forgot. Please forgive me."

Curtseying in response for an inordinately long time as she said,"You're most welcome, Ma'am," little Erica was quite glad to have an opportunity to stop and cross her legs even if only for a brief moment. Nodding and murmuring "Much to do, much to do," the tiny housemaid then disappeared almost as swiftly as she had materialised.

Turning to Sarah, Megan pleaded in a tiny, mournful voice, "Can we go now?"

"We'll have to take a 'rain check' on that recipe, I suppose," Sarah said to Mrs. Hudson with a sly smile.

###

As Sarah strolled slowly back towards their rooms, Megan shuffled along by her side, now beyond the realms of simply feeling desperate for a pee.

Her bladder bulged tightly inside her petite frame, and standing up straight was an impossibility without wetting herself totally. As it was, small trickles were intermittently dribbling and spurting from her, and she could feel brief bursts of heat inside her knickers whenever it happened. The warmth against her skin felt exhilarating, but she just had to hold on for a few minutes more, somehow. Her achingly full bladder was fuelling her arousal, and she hoped the reward for getting back to their rooms without losing it would make it all worthwhile.

Passing the salon on the way, raised voices could be heard, and it became clear that some sort of business discussion was going on between Lord Daghly and Wan Yu Gigg. In fact, they seemed to be arguing vehemently.

"I can't agree with how you're proceeding; it's all moving much too fast, we need to slow down and consider all of our options, not rush into this business half-cocked!"

"I know you're not happy, Ms. Gigg. But it's a done deal; my decision's already been made."

"There's more at stake here than just the obvious issue." Wan Yu's voice rose again as she became even more agitated. "You can't just decide this all on your own without consulting anyone, you know."

"Actually, I can... and I have. This discussion is now over." Lord Daghly spoke firmly.

"We'll see about that," Wan Yu muttered to herself as she slammed the door shut behind her and strode off quickly in quite a huff. "That man gets me so angry sometimes I could just kill him, really!"

Megan and Sarah exchanged a look, and Megan said, "OMG, she's really something, isn't she?"

Sarah replied, "Yes, she's something alright... I'm just not quite sure what."

Megan giggled. "You wouldn't be jealous, now, would you? I was just wondering..."

"Wondering what?" Sarah demanded, just a little bit cross that Megan had found her out.

"Oh, nothing... let's just get back to our rooms, okay?" Megan murmured, blushing again.

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*083*2014-01-17 13:18

Stay tuned... the next installment of Hard Boiled Legs is in the works.

In the meantime, a new chapter of Sisterhood of Blood is up.

It might help to pass the time while you wait...

*085*2014-01-18 13:27

As promised, here is the latest installment of the story, and if for any reason your heat isn't working, this one should warm things up a bit !

Oh, and little Erica thanks you all for the kind words, and promises you'll be seeing more of her in the future...

Lots more of her, in fact...

CHAPTER 11:

A LIGHT DRIZZLE STARTS TO FALL

Sarah had just taken off her dress and was about to unfasten her nylons from the garter belt beneath her black satin and lace camisole when the door connecting their two rooms flew open, and a very desperate Megan burst in, still wearing her own dress and all the rest of her complicated lingerie underneath, squirming and pee dancing all the while.

"OMG, I really need a wee so badly," Megan said, her voice just a low and very sexy whisper. "Where the bloody hell is the loo in this place, anyhow?"

Normally she wasn't prone to such language; her words and tone would have been an unmistakable sign to Sarah of just how badly off poor Megan was at this point if her curtseying, double crossed legs, and frantic clutching hadn't already given that away. Nonetheless, there was another urgent need that was uppermost in Megan's mind at present: that bit of unfinished business from just before they had gone down to dinner!

"Sarah, please... I need to..." Megan said, blushing and stammering, almost overwhelmed by the intense feelings engendered by her twinned needs.

"I know," Sarah said with a smile. "Show me how badly you want it, sweetie. Dance for me now."

It was time to make naughty little Megan pay for all of her infractions: the teasing, the flirting, the speaking out of turn... time to turn up the heat, as it were.

OMHG... thank goodness I took those belly dancing classes, Megan thought to herself as she began to squirm and writhe and undulate even more sinuously with ever increasing speed while both her desire and her desperation continued to mount.

Draping herself provocatively across the bed and leaning her head in her hand, Sarah settled in to watch the show. Never taking her eyes off of her lovely Megan, she watched the most furious and energetic pee dance she’d ever seen. Although she was now clasping her wee hole tightly with both hands, Megan couldn’t help but squirm desperately as she danced around the room just as if she had been commanded to amuse some sultan in his harem.

"Lovely; that was just perfect," Sarah said, clapping her hands together softly in approval once Megan had finally finished twirling, although she still writhed and wriggled in place like the cute and squirmy little worm her urgent need had made of her.

All was now forgiven; there was no way Sarah could ever be mad or upset with Megan for very long, she simply loved her too much for that to ever happen.

"Now, come here and let me take care of making you happy, my little darling!"

“Whatever you have planned, we need to be quick; I’m going to explode!” Megan whimpered breathlessly.

“Not yet you’re not. You’ll hold it until I give you permission!” Sarah retorted with a cheeky smirk.

The comment was met with a scowl of vexation, and right on cue, Megan felt her panties moisten as a trickle of warm liquid escaped her bladder and dribbled out from her quivering nether lips.

“Ooooh, help me then … please! It’s coming out right now!”

Sarah slowly swung her legs off the side of the bed and stood up, deliberately taking her time and savouring the moment. Her eyes never for a second left the vision of perfection stood wriggling right in front of her. Wrapping one hand behind Megan’s back, she pulled her in close, feeling her resist for only a second before she gave in to the commanding embrace.

Tenderly caressing her cheek, Sarah inhaled Megan’s sweet breath before locking lips with her in a passionate and lingering kiss. Relaxing into it as much as her fraught body would permit, Megan almost managed to keep still, but kept her legs firmly crossed. As they caressed each other’s tongues slowly and deliberately, Sarah’s hands wandered to the side zipper of Megan’s dress and gradually inched it down, before turning her attention to the buttons at the top. Blindly but nimbly unfastening them one after the other, the dress fell away and dropped as far as Megan’s waist, her hand that was still steadfastly gripping her crotch preventing it from dropping it to the ground completely.

Breaking away from the kiss, Sarah moved to Megan’s neck, licking and caressing her supple skin with her tongue before moving slowly up to her ear. Biting her earlobe playfully, she whispered, “No more holding yourself, ever; you belong to me, and only I’m allowed to touch you down there. Is that clear?”

No longer her own woman but a desperate quivering wreck, Megan gave a little contrite nod of acquiescence as she obliged immediately and removed her hand from between her legs. As Sarah gave it a gentle tug past Megan’s hips, the dress continued its descent to the floor, falling into a neat ring around her feet.

Getting desperate to satisfy the insatiable ache of arousal of her own sex, Sarah was torn between speeding things along and delaying Megan’s relief for as long as possible. As much as she loved seeing her in that beautiful bustier, she decided that she loved seeing her out of it even more.

Returning to the kiss once again, the intensity and passion heightened with every passing second as they each sighed and moaned in unison. With both girls on fire, frantic for each other’s touch, their extreme arousal was manifesting itself as a warm wetness that dribbled from their engorged girlhoods, gathering and pooling into their underwear.

As Sarah unfastened the hook and eyelet closures on Megan’s bustier, Megan began squirming again, feeling on the brink of a total unmitigated accident now she didn’t have the pressure of her fingers to stem the flow of urine. Having to pull away from the kiss or risk peeing herself right where she stood, Megan knotted her legs together and held her breath, not daring to do what she really wanted to do and just grab hold of herself again. Grinding the tops of her thighs together, she felt her labia rubbing against her sensitive throbbing clit as she squirmed around on the spot, desperate to hold on to her wee for a few minutes longer.

Overwhelmed and on the verge of hysteria, Megan moaned loudly in desperation and ecstasy. Slowly peeling the lacy bustier away from her trembling body, Sarah unwrapped her lover like a Christmas present, relishing every single square inch of skin that she was gradually uncovering. Exposing her breasts and getting it down as far as her waist, Sarah started ardently kissing Megan’s hard erect nipples, flicking them gently with her tongue and rolling them around in her mouth. With Megan bucking and writhing from the exquisitely torturous sensations, Sarah tossed the bustier aside and then pulled away, choosing that moment to just watch her lover, drinking in her utter perfection as the desperate girl in front of her groaned in protest at the sudden withdrawal of stimulation.

Coming to the realisation that she was going to have to uncross her legs so her knickers could be removed now, Megan grimaced in horror.

OMG, I'm going to burst at any moment, this really isn’t going to work! she thought.

Trying her utmost but trembling with the effort, Megan carefully adjusted her stance and somehow stood with her legs very slightly apart. Kneeling down in front of her, Sarah tugged the tight, stretchy underwear down just past the rounded curve of Megan’s hips and bottom, revealing the smooth moist folds of her womanly lips snuggled neatly between those lovely toned legs. Hesitating, Sarah’s heart quickened as she took a mental picture for her memory banks, a picture that would almost certainly be called upon when she was on her own and feeling naughty.

“Hurry up … pleeeeeease …” Megan whispered, instinctively bending her knees again and pressing them together.

“If you’d just stand still, I might be able to,” Sarah quipped, knowing full well that it would be virtually impossible, and might very well spell an abrupt and involuntary end to Megan’s hold.

Doing as she was told like a good little girl, Megan regained a tiny morsel of composure and stood as still as she could, legs slightly parted, but trembling visibly all the while. Sarah slipped the tight lace knickers gradually down those stocking clad legs, and Megan’s heightened arousal was now plain to see. Her flawless wet lips glistened as Sarah leaned in closer, close enough to smell her heat and see her muscles twitching as she fought to hold in the ocean of pee that was stretching her bladder to its limit. As Sarah dropped the panties to the ground, Megan tentatively stepped out of them and exhaled in utter frustration, sheer determination and willpower the only things keeping her from wetting herself right at that moment. Reaching around behind Megan, Sarah began to caress her buttocks, feeling her shiver and shudder as she battled against the strongest urge to start weeing yet.

As Sarah gently pulled her in closer, Megan stood almost over her, her legs forced further apart as she placed her feet either side of Sarah’s kneeling body. With Sarah softly running her tongue up the inside of her thigh just above her stockings, kissing and lapping at her skin as she went, Megan shivered and goose bumps raised up over her skin.

“Touch me … please … I’m begging you” Megan whined, her utter desperation both to pee and have her girlhood caressed revealing itself in her small quavering voice.

"Not yet, sweetie!" Sarah wanted to prolong her lover's ecstatic agony of anticipation a while longer. "You need to get into your nightie and get ready for bed now, my little girl."

With a firm hand, she followed the curve of Megan's shapely bottom before giving it a nice slap to send her on her way back to her room to change.

Poor Megan was so frantically desperate and aroused that Sarah had barely enough time to caress herself briefly before her lover returned wearing only a very revealing short, sheer white nightie that was barely long enough to cover her matching sheer white knickers, still squirming and pee dancing.

As Megan approached her, Sarah could see that the wetness of her girlhood soaking through those lovely white panties had rendered them virtually transparent. She yearned to touch her now, and Sarah was quite sure that Megan was more than ready for her to finally do so. She eased the nightie up a little, and then slid Megan's knickers down just enough to allow her access to her lover's most intimate area before wrapping her arms around her thighs and pulling her close in towards her face.

Feeling Sarah’s breath on her contracting and throbbing vagina, Megan edged forward desperate to feel Sarah’s tongue, but dropped her guard for the briefest of seconds. As a tiny spurt of urine trickled out from between her lips, Sarah let them fall onto her chest before they soaked into her black silk and lace camisole, forming little wet streaks. Breathing in the aroma of Megan’s clear and sweetly fragrant pee, she watched intently as the final few droplets dripped from her lips.

Choosing to prolong the moment for a while longer still, Sarah stood up, now in extreme need of a little attention herself. Denying Megan what she needed, she took her by the hand and led her over to the side of the bed, sitting her down in front of her.

Slipping off her camisole, Sarah was now totally naked except for her garter belt and stockings. She had to wriggle her legs around to help keep pressure on her privates herself. With both girls in urgent need of having their desires satiated, Sarah stepped to within an inch of Megan’s face, gently pushing her back so she was forced to lay down. Although she felt her bladder bulging tightly in her abdomen now she was stretched out on her back, Megan remained totally obedient to her lover, even though her wee was on the very brink of squirting out and wetting the bed sheets. Carefully climbing onto the bed and straddling her beautiful Megan, knees either side of her writhing body, Sarah bent forward and lifted her nightie, resuming her massaging Megan’s erect nipples with her tongue.

Bucking and trembling as a renewed burst of adrenaline coursed through her veins, Megan reached down to Sarah’s head with both hands and began caressing and working her fingers to the roots of her hair, scrunching and tugging gently. As Sarah finished her caress of one rigid nipple, she slowly moved to the other, at the same time taking hold of Megan’s wrists and pinning her to the bed so she couldn’t move.

All the while squirming and wriggling as much as she could, Megan knew she mustn’t wet Sarah’s bed; she had to hold it in at all costs. With Sarah lingering for a long while, Megan rode the waves of pleasure as her firm breasts were massaged and fondled by Sarah’s expertly lapping tongue, but as much as she was enjoying the exquisite sensations, secretly Megan was also praying that Sarah would just hurry the hell up, because she felt as if she was going to burst at any second!

With her mouth never leaving Megan’s supple toned body, Sarah inched south, kissing as she went, lingering around her bulging navel. Licking her belly button seductively, Sarah dreamed of the reservoir of pee contained inside that bursting full bladder, and could resist the call of Megan’s heat no longer.

Getting up and kneeling beside her lover, Sarah looked down at Megan, a mischievous smile spreading across her face. Megan was feeling fraught and confused as to why Sarah had stopped, and instinctively began to move her now free hands down to between her entwined legs.

She was desperate to be touched now, and she would do anything, anything at all, just to feel that sensation...

<TO BE CONTINUED>

*090*2014-01-19 12:58

{{: 

I vote for toy fun please

}}

Duly noted... your vote has been registered in our data base.

*099*2014-01-20 13:15

{{: 

Other then Sarah, Megan and Erica is there any chance any of the other characters mentioned in the story will get involved some how?

}}

Oh, all of the other characters will be involved in the story, if not in the holding, the desperation and the spicy bits.

Is there someone in particular you'd like to see 'involved'?

If it's the formidable Wan Yu Gigg, have no fear...

Your patience will be rewarded, eventually.

