Summer picnic wetting

Author: minimu

*000*2012-09-24 07:06

My first fiction post here...sorry it's kind of long... ^_^ .....

###

Sarah felt relaxed as she walked back to the college dorm. Not only because exams were over for the year, but she was looking forward to spending the afternoon hanging out with some of her fellow students. They were going to be having a picnic in a local park, so Sarah had bought some snacks and drinks at the grocery store. It was warm, so she'd bought a large bottle of soda and, because it was an end-of-term celebration, a bottle of modestly-priced white wine.

At the dorm she met up with Ellen and Jessica and they all set off to the park, all carrying bags and all dressed for summer. Sarah was wearing a short blue and white checked skirt she'd bought recently. She'd spent some time in front of the mirror earlier trying to see if her panties were visible though the thin material. In the end she'd swapped her black ones for a pair of white nylon bikini briefs just to be on the safe side.

At the park they found the others sitting on a grassy slope near the lake and sat down to join them. Sarah needed to quench her thirst so she took a long drink of her soda and then they all started sharing food and chatting about their summer plans. Time passed easily, the food and soda was consumed and they moved onto drinking the wine out of plastic cups. Sarah was onto her second cup and during a lull in conversation, realized that she would need to pee soon. She hadn't been to that particular park before and didn't know where the restrooms were, but supposed they couldn't be far away. Well, she'd find them later.

Another half-an-hour passed with another cup of wine. Sarah was aware she was getting a bit giggly and thought she'd best stop drinking. She was also needing to pee quite badly. She'd noticed one of two of the others heading off up the slope, disappearing out of sight somewhere and coming back a few minutes later so she guessed the restrooms were up that way. She was just feeling lazy lying on the grass, putting off going. She had her ankles crossed and had been clenching her thighs together from time to time, but her need was becoming pretty urgent, so she got to her feet and said to Jessica she had to go pee. "OK, see you in a bit," said Jessica, lying back with her eyes closed. Sarah started to walk up the slope to the top, about 50 yards away, where there was a path. Left?, or right? thought Sarah, it can't be far away. There was nothing to give any clues, just the path curving away behind bushes in both directions. OK, try left, she thought, and started walking.

God, I really have to pee, she thought. Another 5 minutes walking and... nothing but trees, bushes and more path. "Oh come on, where the hell is it?" she thought, hoping she hadn't picked the wrong direction. Rounding a curve in the path, she saw a small brick building about 100 yards ahead. "Thank God" she thought to herself, "I'm almost ready to pee in my pants". That thought amused Sarah and she giggled to herself, thinking how embarrassing *that* would be! Only another bit to hold though, as she came closer to the building. The door must be round the other side, thought Sarah and walked round the back, not wanting to stop walking until she got into that toilet cubicle. She turned the corner of the building and saw only a blank green wooden door. With a padlock on it, and definitely not a public restroom.

Sarah felt a small surge of panic as she realized she must have walked in entirely the wrong direction since it surely couldn't be even further away.. could it? She stood, slightly bent over, lifting each knee a little bit in turn and with her hand pressed up to her crotch while she tried to decide which way to go. She thought she recognized the end of the dorm building beyond the trees, not too far away, and decided that was closer than going all the way back. she walked on, taking smaller steps to try to minimize the discomfort from her soon-to-overflow bladder. she felt a dampness in her crotch, and realized it was just sweat, but thought again about how it would be if she peed in her pants as an adult. She remembered the last time, when she was coming home from school, how she felt she had no choice but to do it, and so lucky no-one had seen her. She giggled again.

Oh God, I shouldn't have that wine, she thought. There was no-one here to see either, so maybe it wouldn't be so bad. What if she just let a tiny dribble out - it would ease the pressure... Sarah stopped walking and bent over a little. It was so easy to just let a little spurt come out. She felt only a warm wetness in her crotch at first, but then droplets ran down her thigh. She felt her face flush with embarrassment. But there was no-one there to see. She let out another, longer dribble and immediately felt the warmth running down the inside of ther thighs and run through her sandals.

Now she couldn't be bothered holding on, and just let it come, sighing with relief. The flow increased and the streams of hot pee swelled into rivers, waterfalling off her knees and pattering onto the dry dirt at her feet. Eventually Sarah was finished and the flow reduced to the odd droplet continuing to run down her leg. she started to walk on, checking out the damage. She put her hand carefully up her skirt and felt her fingertips touch the soaked fabric of her panties. She looked at her skirt but amazingly it seemed OK.

Eventually she came to a side-trail leading back to the dorm. Here she started to pass people but no-one seemed to look at her strangely. At her room, thrilled to have gotten away with it, she knew she wanted to do that again...

