Kate's accident

Author: Guest aFence

*000*2011-06-08 19:48

Hey everyone. This is my first attempt at writing here. Hopefully it's good :D Kate(the main char) is a red-headed, hot-tempered girl. There's a few curse words in there to show the temper, but I think we can handle that, right (hopefully)? She's also my avatar. If I broke any rules please tell me. If this goes well I left it with an open ending and I have plans for more. Enjoy.

The sun glinted through the blinds in a serene way, lighting up at the floating particles in the air. Kate opened her eyes. Nature's alarm clock she thought to herself. She neglected getting an alarm clock just because the way the sun perfectly shone through her window. She looked outside the window inquisitively, her red hair gleaming in the sunlight. Time to get ready for work. She went through the normal routine. Put on usual office attire, a tight black skirt with a typical white business shirt. The only personal style she got to put in her outfit was the parts not showing, her bra and panties. She picked out her red ones to match her beautiful eyes and hair. After fixing her hair up pretentiously she walked into her kitchen. Unfortunately, there was a giant puddle of coffee on the floor. She looked for the source and to her dismay her coffee maker was in pieces on the floor.

"I knew this damn thing would break sooner or later" she muttered to herself. She unwillingly decided to buy coffee on the way to work. As Kate sat down to watch T.V. she glanced at the clock. She immediately ran out the door after noticing that she was 10 minutes behind her normal schedule.

On her way to the local coffee shop she felt a small urge to use the bathroom. She pressed her thighs closer together. Ugh. I don't have time for this she thought, and quickly put that thought in the back of her head. Her first priority was getting coffee, the one drink she couldn't live without.

She approached the cafe with a frustrated look on her face but quickly changed her expression to a giddy school girl at the counter. She wanted to get the coffee as fast as possible and a scowl wasn't going to help.

"How may I help you," an older, frail man said with a grin.

"Uhh ... I'll take a small coffee", Kate said hesitantly.

"Sorry, we just ran out of small cups," the man apologized, "but, we do have plenty large ones." Nice tactic Kate thought. If this was any other day I wouldn't fall for your stupid stuff.

"Sure" she said, her smile not losing its charm. She quickly paid for her overpriced coffee and continued on her commute to work. Absentmindedly, she drank all of her coffee and thought nothing of it. The only thing she could focus on is her alibi for being 10 minutes late.

Once she drove up she sprinted to the door. While she was running into the office a huge urge to pee hit her. She stopped and grabbed her crotch. Maybe I could use the bathroom before I talk to my boss. What's a few extra minutes? As soon as she walked into the office, she went straight for bathroom, but was stopped by a familiar, commanding voice.

"Kate! Late again? This is the third time this week!" her boss called with a stern composure.

"I.... I-I just woke up late and I.. please ... just can we talk about this in your office please, it's private." Kate stammered.

"Sure. Just make it fast." Kate started walking towards his office. I can't believe I just bullshitted him like that. A small smirk came across her face as she haughtily entered his office.

"Sit down please" her boss said. Her smirk quickly disappeared as another urge hit her. She moved one hand to her crotch and tightened her thighs after sitting down. She stared intently at her boss as she engaged in more bullshitting.

"I'm sorry it's just my.... uh... boyfriend ... I haven't seen him in awhile." Her eyes darted around the room. She couldn't focus any more. The pressure on her bladder increased more and more. She moved her other hand down to her crotch to aid in keeping her composure.

"Boyfriend? I didn't even know that you had one. Regardless, how is that stopping you from getting here on time?"

Her eyes darted around the room. Time is moving slow. The minutes seem like hours. I can't.... not now. I need an excuse! Please just let me not me wet myself here, not now.. She looked down. As she did the slight movement was too great for her bladder. A small spurt escaped, and a wet spot formed on her panties.

"He's just not...." she said tensely. At that she doubled over on the ground as another spurt escaped and became visible on the outside of her clothes

"I-I DON'T KNOW!" She yelled. She hastily collected herself and scrambled out of the room. As she opened the door her bladder failed. She stood in the doorframe as a small, steady stream of urine rolled down her legs. She fell to her knees and relieved herself there as the floodgates opened. She looked down as she was peeing and saw a small puddle begin to form. It spread out around her and warmed her thighs. A feeling of ecstasy overcame her and she let out a small whimper. Finally after a full minute of peeing she stood up. Small drips came off her skirt. Unlike most people in this situation who would be utterly mortified, Kate looked at her boss and smiled boldly.

"Oops" she said and bit her lip. She strode out of the room with her dignity still somehow in intact. I don't know why.... but... I think I liked that.

Perhaps she did :)Also help to improve the writing or any grammar mistakes would be appreciated. Also a internet cookie for whoever can find the Metallica reference :D

(that's pretty short.... I guess that's what an hour of work would be though....)

*004*2011-06-09 14:27

@Ranpalan I'm not too much of a formatting freak, so the lines should sufficient. I don't know how that didn't occur to me in the first place. Regardless, thanks for the help.

@icomeanon Thanks for trying. I stopped after just trying to tab it so A for effort.

I guess I'll just do a second one. Mostly because for the last couple of days I've been stuck at my house home alone, so I have the option to regularly come on this site (by regularly I guess I mean all day).

*006*2011-06-09 17:04

{{: 

For the metallica reference in the story it would have to be the part where you said as the floodgates opened

}}

Ehh... no. A little earlier during the desperation part. What's song is the 'floodgates opened' from? Because if it is a reference then a lot of people who write fiction put Metallica references in their story XD It's a pretty well used term.

