The Dawnbringer's misadventures

Author: Linkx

*000*2014-11-02 20:30

Welcome to my thread. I decided to try something different for myself and write shorter almost vignette length pieces in first person it was a bit weird at first but I think they started turning out well. These stories will be following our characters in a D&D campaign, a mysterious group known as the Dawnbringers put together by livinginfinite's Jehanne which you can see in his latest art thread. There will be many more to come mostly focussing on my character so stay tuned o.o

First a backstory of my character Sephoira, the duelist.

An Adventurer’s Reasons

Sephoira Brigwell

So, here I am. I find myself partied with a bard, and two other fighters. Who, for lack of a better phrase seem to piss or even soil themselves at the first sign of trouble. It would be my luck to get stuck with babysitting these toddlers but I suppose it is better than nobody. The parties at the recruitment outpost were slim and she made me an incredibly lucrative offer. I know it happens from time to time. A small dribble in the heat of battle at the glint of a sword or the sudden woosh of passing arrow. Even I… on occasion but still… my occasional loss of water is nothing compared to their full-fledged evacuations. If diapers weren’t so expensive I would just tell them to trade in their underwear for something a bit more absorbent.

I grew up the daughter of a farmer who always wanted a son. Needless to say my days were spent outdoors exploring; wielding my trusty stick as Excalibur fighting off the tree monsters by the creek. As I matured from a young girl to my teen aged years I found my true calling. At 15 I found myself by chance in the back of the shed rummaging through supplies looking for some scrap metal to repair one of the damaged yolks when I saw it. It was glorious, a corroded, poorly made steel longsword. Shirking off my other duties I immediately picked it up and must have spent half an hour just staring at the damn thing. Most likely it belonged to my father at some point who put it in the shed and forgot he even owned such a weapon.

From that day forward no tree remained unmarred by my deadly clutch. I was an artist, the sword my brush to paint with the blood of my foes. I shed the identity of helpless girl and took on that of a deadly swordmistress or so I thought. Despite all my enthusiasm I was raw and untrained. I approached my father about swordplay lessons with the local fighters guild but he was outraged. Even though he’d always wanted a son, to my confusion I found he had finally accepted me as his little girl. Too little too late as I had a lust for the sword, the primordial violence soothed my soul. I began sneaking out spying on the local guild lessons scrawling down what notes I could before running home to practice. Soon though, the suitors started showing up. It was approaching my 18th birthday and it must have been the 18th suitor entranced by my wild red hair promising me the world. After I turned him away I snuck out but this time I was not heading to watch lessons.

No, I had saved my meager allowance for what seemed like an eternity. I had finally saved enough to purchase a sword of my own. Walking into the swordsmiths at 17 was quite an intimidating experience; fortunately I managed to get through it without leaving a puddle on the floor. Strolling in pretending to be confident I went straight for the sword rack on one wall. Lust filled eyes of sketchy patrons watched me as a hush fell over the shop. Picking off a simple steel long sword of the rack was like an epiphany.

My developed muscles felt alive as I held the perfectly balanced sword. I did all I could to not burst out giggling in elation in front of the husky sellswords and brigands. As I brought the blade up to the shopkeeper I will never forget his words. “what does a pretty young lass like yourself need this for?” to which I responded icily why does anyone need a sword as I tossed my pouch of coins on the counter. He just nodded and rolled the sword in some scraps of burlap before giving me back my purchase.

Thus began the most exhilarating day of my life from the highest high of purchasing my own sword. Followed by the lowest low of meeting my father who had discovered my absence and waited for my return. The shouting match that ensued could be heard three farms down and in a rash moment of anger I drew my sword leveling it at the man who raised me. He took a step back shocked by my act as he just raised his arm pointing away from the farm and told me to go saying he had no daughter. I ran that night. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me until I collapsed with exhaustion sobbing to myself until I fell asleep in the grass where I stopped.

When I awoke that morning; eyes still puffy from crying most of the night, I knew my life had entered a new chapter. It was just my blade and I; if I wanted something I would have to seize it for myself. Having had enough feeling sorry for myself I pushed myself up and began my trek back to the city. I had one hope and counted on being accepted into the Fighters guild. I arrived hours later at the city a mess, hair matted from sweat, clothes torn and stained from my impromptu stay in the woods. Clutching my scabardless sword I pleaded with the guilds officer at the front desk.

When he turned me down for the third time I just lost it and ran past him into the guild hall. Exiting out into the training grounds behind the hall I froze seeing an older woman instructing a group of young adults my age. She just turned and stared at me before grinning. Perhaps she recognized me from my spying on her instruction or perhaps she was overcome with compassion for the strange girl emerging from the wilderness. I’ll never know but she gave me a chance. As the officer from the front desk caught up with me seizing my arm she signaled him to stand down and beckoned me out to the middle of the training grounds. She picked upon one of her random students and before I knew it we were sparring.

To say I was nervous would not even begin to scratch the surface of the ball of emotions swirling within me. Chagrin as I am to admit it the most poignant memory of that fight, my first ever sword fight was that I was so anxious I couldn’t stop myself from dribbling into my panties. By the end of the match I knew I was utterly soaked and the clammy mass of underclothes between my legs was extremely uncomfortable. Fortunately my thick hide pants saved me from real humiliation that day but my cheeks still burned turning a color close to my hair. To my surprise at the end of the round we were evenly matched. A girl, self-learned stood on equal ground with a trained sword. I was accepted into the guild. I vaguely recall that night mainly the fact that the mood was so jubilant I drank more than my fill of wine at dinner. Needless to say I paid for it in the morning when I awoke to a sodden wet splotch soaking the mattress and my bed clothes.

Thus began my tutelage under the woman I will always revere, the Matron. With no money to offer for fees I worked around the hall to pay for my board and meals. I quickly rose through the ranks of the recruits and trainees. Soon I was considered top of the class and rumors passed in hushed whispers that I was some sort of prodigy. In truth I just wanted it more, I craved it and I worked harder than anyone else at the guild. It might have been my stubbornness but while everyone used weapons more akin to the dueling style we were learning: rapiers, duelist cutlasses.

I insisted on using my longsword. My mix of sheer strength from working the plow beasts for years along with my natural finesse made for a deadly combo. By my 21st birthday I could easily outmatch anyone at the guild in a duel except for the Matron who would always decline my challenge with a smile. Whether I could best her in a match I’ll never know but I suspect she always held back in teaching me techniques, maybe one day fearing she’d have to use them against me.

I took to the streets after that going from pub to pub challenging the drunken slobs to clash steel with me. Not to say I wasn’t often intoxicated but when one yearns for acceptance from a family long abandon intoxication is often a preferable state of mind. One by one they all fell to my longsword and I was making a name for myself. While I never formally resigned from the guild I showed up less and less until I just stopped all together. With enough coin to my name I was finally on my own. The Ankaran capital has quite a few many pubs and quite a few more drunken men quick to underestimate a woman with a sword. I was making good coin dueling for money and started selling my services as a hired sword. Some jobs were of a questionable nature while some were from purer motives I didn’t particularly care. As long as they could come up with the coin I wanted for the job my sword was theirs.

Naturally I kept dueling in my spare time and despite the lack of a challenge it never grew dull to me. The thrill of victory always quenched my thirst for glory. I was living my dream until the fateful duel that would ruin my reputation in the capital. Some Lord Regent’s son issued me a challenge to which I greedily accepted seeing nothing but the large sum of gold I was going to win. All my experience with nobility had been fat men with soft skin terrified by actual combat. They’d rather paying someone to fight in their name then get off their backside. I was caught off guard by the man. He was maybe a year younger than me. I could describe him in one word, rugged. No noble I had ever encountered looked as he did. Muscled arms, long kept but rough hair and scraggly facial hair he was more outdoorsman than noble.

Wordlessly the duel began; I drew my long sword while he drew what looked to be some sort of elvish blade. I had never known a foe like him his speed was blinding. I would strike, he would parry and riposte. I would out maneuver and he would turn the tables pressing the attack catching me off guard. I tried every trick I knew short of foul play in an effort to turn the losing tide. Fear was welling in my stomach, an unknown feeling since the night I ran away and I could feel my muscles quivering in fear.

His blade was everywhere and after I had blocked a particularly powerful blow I felt the long forgotten trickle as a squirt of urine dampened my panties. My eyes wide he could see my surprise and held nothing back I was beaten and he knew it but regrettably still I did not submit. My pride would never allow it and somewhere deep down I hoped against all odds I could turn the tables. He pressed his attack and I did what I could to defend but moments later after a quick counterstroke he sent my longsword flying out of my reach and I was defenseless.

The large crowd that had emerged went silent seeing their champion on the verge of defeat. I was slightly hunched over panting with exertion as he pressed the tip of his blade against my throat. My bladder was wobbling like crazy and trembling I held my hands up in defeat. He sneered as he lifted my chin staring at me with his piercing blue eyes. I remember him like the light of day asking “Do you concede then?” as he pricked my neck with his sword. I let out a terrified mewl trying to find my voice and just began urinating.

I tried in vain to stop but the hot liquid soaked through my fighting clothes running down my legs puddling on the cobblestone street. The hide pants that had shown off my fighting form only sharpened my shame now. They wore a large discolored stain from the wetness of my own piss. The crowd erupted in a mix of laughter at my expense and cheering at their new champion. As he began speaking with the crowd I quickly grabbed my sword and shoved my way through the crowd running again as fast as I could go.

I fled the city that night never looking back at the capital hoping to get far enough away from the titters about the red haired duelist of wets her pants like an incontinent babe. I met my previous party traveling through a remote outpost in the north. They saw I had a sword and asked if I wanted to make some coin. While my reserves weren’t exactly dwindling I was starting to run low and I agreed. I was the fifth member of the group and they quickly filled me in on the details they had been tracking a very valuable artifact and lost their last fighter to an encounter with a large band of orcs. Tragic as it was I was ready, at least I thought I was ready to fill the shoes of the fallen fighter.

One of them had a crudely drawn map that we followed until we eventually arrived at a nondescript cave. Nobody knew exactly what we would find in the cave but as we journeyed further underground by the silken wisps adorning the cavern walls it became clear it was spiders. My irrational fear of them started as a little girl stumbling into a spider pit in the woods. From that day if there was anything that terrified me it was spiders. I did my best to swallow my fear and press on with the company. Soon they began appearing and we fought. The mere sight of them chilled me to the bone sending spurts of urine into my underclothes. They must have been at least 4 feet long 100 pounds of chitin and sinew uhg…

Fortunately they were slow and dim witted and my thirst for battle helped me suppress my fear. My movements were clunky and stiff nothing like my normally fluid fighting style. I tried as best I could but while fighting a large wave of the gigantic arachnids I succumbed to my fear. After skewering one beast I withdrew my sword from its carcass readying an overhead strike at an approaching spider. As I swung I didn’t see the mess of webbing above me which entangled my sword pulling it from my grasp leaving me defenseless and off balance. I stumbled forward before catching my footing and scrambling backward. A chance rock caught my heel and sent me falling on my backside. With the spider drawing quickly closer I tried scrambling back in some sort of awkward crab walk. Hitting the wall of the cavern I was stuck. There was nowhere left to go as the spider bared down upon me.

I let out a shriek of terror shutting my eyes tightly holding my hands up in some sort of feeble defense. I was sure the end was upon me, I was going to meet the same fate as their last fighter. My stomach churned and bubbled and suddenly there was an enormous weight in my bowels pressing against my anus. I only half realized what was happening in the moment I was petrified in fear. The soft mush completely filled my underclothes as my bowels decided to void themselves. The stench was immediate and being that I was already sitting the brown filth spread everywhere. I suppose it’s no surprise my bladder went lax as well leaving me sitting in a lukewarm puddle of my own piss to add insult to injury.

I opened my eyes seeing the slumped over corpse of the spider a hole seared in it from our fire mage. With the wave of spiders defeated the other members congregated as I retrieved my sword. They were acutely aware of a foul smell and began commenting on the spider corpses. I felt faint as I stood there sheepishly commenting that I needed a change. The mage noticed it first, she saw the puddle then the glistening wetness on my pants and commented with revulsion. “It’s not the spiders… Sephoira voided her bowels…” the other members all backed away from me and the stench. I couldn't deny her accusation I had thoroughly filled my pants with my own waste. I stammered trying to think of something to say but in the end I just turned back towards the entrance of the cave quickly making my retreat.

I went straight back to the inn I had been staying at which is when I first met Jehanne. I was walking rather bow legged through the foyer towards the stairs anxious to enjoy a shower. It’s not an easy task to pretend you don’t smell anything walking by fellow adventurers who suddenly gag at the foul smell emanating from the lumpy seat of your pants. We briefly locked eyes as she spotted me from her position at the bar and I felt myself quickly looking away as the heat rose in my cheeks once again. I made it to the solace of my room and gingerly walked over to the mirror inspecting the damage as I undid my heavy boots. Looking over my shoulder I gingerly touched the distended bulge and groaned. I could feel the piss soaked material clinging to my legs. I could also feel the sticky sensation of my own shit having leaked past my underwear smearing against my thighs.

There was a sharp rap on the door as I quickly turned my head back in horror as I saw the knob begin to turn. She opened the door and stepped in. Mercifully she said nothing about my obvious lapse in continence. The colossal woman who I would learn later owed much of her build to her half orc heritage shut the door behind her and grimaced at the smell. She introduced herself telling me why she was here and knew a surprising amount about me. She wanted me for a group she was putting together called the Dawnbringers. It all sounded too good to be true. Here I was standing in front of a potential employer with shit oozing down my legs and she wanted me to join her little band of warriors. She tossed me a small coin-purse as a promise of payments to come should I accept and quickly excused herself. I think she had more to say but that was the longest she could handle my foul odor. I gratefully took reprieve and cleansed myself.

Needless to say I did not contact the group I had joined and left the north entirely. Following the instructions Jehanne left I hastily made my way to Dawnbringer Keep. Maybe it's best I'm grouped with these few for a while at least if there's another incident I won't look so bad... No! What am I saying!? That won't happen again... I think...

A second backstory! Bloopers wonderful character Clawdette whom which Sephoira usually butts heads with. What's the fun in an adventuring party if you don't despise some of your comrades!

An Adventurer’s Choice

Clawdette

Sheaholm, an unlikely town for a hero to emerge from. Yet despite the fairly serene surroundings I rose like a monolith of steel and iron to local prominence. As a young girl I enjoyed a relatively carefree life. I attended schooling, a luxury not all women enjoyed and would come home to our cottage to always find my father waiting for me. He is a dutiful man who now lived a life of leisure having served as a knight for the royal court. From a young age he imparted his wisdom unto me, his tales of valor and courage inspired me each night as I drifted off to sleep. I would fight my own dragons saving princes in distress leading the charge in my dreams.

I couldn’t have been much older than nine or ten when he first started teaching me to defend myself. I can still hear his voice. “Fighting is not something you should have to do… but when the time comes you will do what you must.” Those words have stuck with me since the day I heard them. That’s not to say I was a perfect angel. I was known to give quite a few boys a walloping but they all deserved it, I swear. Mainly the ones who picked on the girls or tried to bully the weaker boys, I gave them what they deserved. Whenever my father would hear about such a skirmish he would always just grin at me wistfully.

Each day after school we would practice. He would help me with my form, showing me various tricks and techniques he learned in his years as a knight. We practiced with various weapons short swords, quarterstaves, battle axes, rapiers. It was important to him that I see how each weapon functioned in combat should I ever face one. What I wanted more than anything was to wield his greatsword Vengeance. He had received it as a gift from the king himself after a harrowing battle where his valor shown true. He would always smile and tell me soon. As a young teenager I could barely even lift the blade let alone swing it.

As I grew up the suitors were few and far between. Fortunately father did not seem to mind as he respected my growing independence. I had developed quite the reputation around Sheaholm. Granted I was quite a sight, my flaming red hair streaking behind me as I chased down local hoodlums who were mostly boys I grew up with. Some even called me the lawbringer to which I modestly bowed and offered them polite thanks. I wasn’t doing it for the fame or respect but to help the people who couldn’t help themselves. As far as I was concerned Sheaholm was under my protection and anybody who messed around here was going to pay.

I had never really considered what I was going to do with my life as settling down and bearing children for some oaf was out of the question. My hobby of crime stopping felt like more of a responsibility than something I would profit from and thus I hadn’t considered going into the knighthood despite the urging of my aging father. At least I hadn’t until that fated night we were attacked. The beast was unlike anything the town had seen before. An Ettin this far west? It was nearly unheard of. The town guard while enthusiastic was woefully unprepared for the threat. Unskilled farmers who volunteered for the duty went out to meet the two headed giant.

They were brushed aside as the beast swung it’s crude warclub clobbering the men who dared oppose it. Catching wind of the commotion I couldn’t help but run outside to see what was going on. I heard the panicked murmurs of an Ettin about. A clutch of men dressed for battle clumsily ran past our house down towards the front gates of the town and I knew they would need my help. I ran to the room where my father kept his knight equipment. As quickly as I could I pulled on his I’ll fitting plate mail and opened the case where it lay. Vengeance was mine, it was time.

I ran as best I could out the door as one could in a suit of armor 2 sizes too large. Making my way to the front gates of the town I arrived just as the creature ripped the large gates off their hinges hurling the wrought iron at the nearest structure. What I saw turned my stomach as I felt the bile start to rise. Bodies of the men who went to defend were sprawled everywhere some wounded some worse… The leather armor they had did little to protect them from the bludgeoning blows of the Ettins massive club. This was my first taste of combat and I was on the edge of throwing up. I had always heard such tales of heroism and glory. My father had sheltered me from the gritty reality and I was unprepared. My stomach was doing flip flops and I gagged once before dropping to my hands and knees expelling the contents of my stomach onto the dusty ground retching painfully.

I tried to find my courage as the beast slowly approached the earth itself shaking with each of its lumbering steps. With each shake of the ground I could feel my underclothes dampen with my fear. It stopped maybe twenty feet from me and let out a bellowing roar. My frightened bladder trembled before I just started forcefully peeing into my underclothes. I was frozen on my hands and knees urinating in my armor helplessly. It wasn’t how I had pictured my first fight going. As I felt the warm wetness permeating my underclothes and leaking through the gaps in the plate I managed to pull myself together.

Grabbing Vengeance I scrambled to my feet and let out a mighty roar of my own as I charged at the ettin! With my steel gauntlets wrapped tightly around the hilt of the large sword I swung as I charged the beast. I could see the one head watching my movements and it raised its club to block my overhead strike. I put every bit of my blind fury into the strike. The senseless killing fueled my power and I brought the gleaming blade down in a devastating blow. It scythed straight through the weak swampwood of the club.

My blade flew unhindered as it splintered through the club meeting the beasts shoulder. With a sickening wet ripping noise the edge split his skin sawing through sinew and muscle until a deafening crack signaled that I had cleaved through bone as well. Emerging through the bottom of the beasts arm covered in blood the ettin and I both looked on in shock at what I had done. The muscular arm hit the ground with a dull thud twitching and spurting blood everywhere. The head who had controlled that arm started screaming in agony. I was breathing heavy still high from the initial burst of adrenaline.

The other head however unaffected delivered a powerful haymaker hitting me straight in the abdomen. The sudden concussive force knocked me briefly unconscious as I was sprawled out backwards laying lifeless on the ground. Vengeance fortunately had fallen close to my side and I shortly regained consciousness thanks to a mix of adrenaline and the years of training from my father. When I blinked coming awake I noticed the ettin had momentarily lost interest in me considering me to be neutralized as the two heads screamed at each other. I also noticed a mush in the seat of my underclothes that felt like I was sitting in mud. I flushed realizing I had lost control of my bowels when the ettin had struck me.

I blushed but there was no time to worry about my dirty condition now though. I clenched my fists gathering my composure before I slowly stood readying Vengeance. My movements alerted the giant and with another angry bellow he charged at me winding up another powerful punch. He let loose his fist still charging at me. I ducked narrowly avoiding the blow and from my crouched position thrust Vengeance up skewering the best straight through its chest as it collided with me. The best nearly stopped cold as I impaled it. Holding my ground the ettin nearly crushed me. I bore the brunt of the giant’s weight on my armored shoulder before shoving the lifeless beast over. It fell to the ground shaking the earth one last time. My great sword protruded from his chest like Excalibur buried in the stone.

I turned to look back at the city as people started to emerge from their homes. “Sheaholm, your city is once again safe!” I shouted triumphantly. People began to emerge more quickly cheering my name as the whole town came alive. As the adrenaline faded and I came back down to reality I was distinctly aware of the cooling wetness that was rubbing against my skin as well as the heaviness in the rear of my small clothes and wanted nothing more than to retreat and shower. The townsfolk however had no part of it. With chants of Clawdette the lawbringer they paraded me around town for what seemed like an eternity. Nobody said anything about my sudden loss of control but it wasn’t exactly obvious. You could not see anything through the plate however a certain foul smell hovered around wherever I went. I suspect they all knew but were so grateful no one said anything.

It wasn’t particularly surprising for a heroine to partially lose control during the heat of battle. Her face suddenly contorting in fear as the pungent smell of shit permeates the air evidence of her sudden bowel movement. I just never thought it would happen to be. But with the way everyone acted I couldn’t care less that I had soiled myself. To protect them, it was a small price to pay.

From that day forward I became in charge of the town’s guard. I was at last a knight and felt I had earned the title of lawbringer. I worked vigilantly to keep the town safe from a rising bandit population and the occasional monstrous threat. Soon tales of my own heroism were being told to children as bed time stories. My wild red hair spilling out onto my gleaming armor, complimented by Vengeance was truly a sight to behold. Soon nearby towns had even come to me for protection. As one woman I can only be so many places at once but I managed to raise a defensive network between the surrounding towns allowing us quick response to threats. Everything had settled into routine in my domain until one day Jehanne showed up.

She was a physical specimen of magnificence. Her half orc background gave her a sense of physical strength that even surpassed my own. The mysterious woman brought with her two letters. One a message from the king, and one from her, both addressed to me. She left as quickly as she showed up telling me she awaited my response. I retreated to my study to examine both letters. Opening the first I ran my fingers over the royal seal. It was just like the one stamped on my father’s documents.

I couldn’t believe my eyes; the king wanted me to captain his royal guard. Tales of my deeds had reached the capital and were so enthralling the king himself wanted my presence among his knights. The second letter I opened was indeed addressed from Jehanne and she promised me the opportunity to help more than I could ever by staying in Sheaholm. The opportunity to join the elite fighting force she was putting together known as the Dawnbringers. I was for the first time in a long time flabbergasted. Two incredible opportunities presented to me on the same day. I retreated to my room for rest deciding I would make my decision in the morning.

That next morning I promoted my lieutenant to command while I was gone and said my goodbyes. Wasting no time I set off. Having mailed my apology and sincere gratitude to the king I rode on to Dawnbringer Keep to meet Jehanne and the rest of my soon to be companions.

*002*2014-11-03 07:24

Whaaa thank you very much for the compliment, much appreciated. I've read some of your stuff and it's pretty well written as well x.x

Here's another, a short glimpse at another of Sephoira's unfortunate duels. I swear she wins most of the time >.> but the loses are much more fun to read.

A tainted duel

Sephoira

I should have known better but it had been many weeks since my last duel. My latest string of jobs since I had fled the capital in shame had been mostly boring guard duty and I was craving some action. Having trolled through the local pub I picked my first target. A young man who’s younger brother was boasting about his skill. If anything I wanted to shut that twerp up so I could enjoy my wine in peace. So I challenged him on the spot he put up a small wager and we had at it.

It was a dull fight, he had some talent but he was untrained and his moves were wild and uncontrolled. I bested him with ease much to his younger brother’s disappointment. Picking up his sword having disarmed him I tossed it to the ground at his feet. I held my hand open waiting for payment. All the while his brother just glared at me which made my smirk only widen.

I returned to the pub for the night and put my winnings towards some good wine and relaxed for the rest of the night. While my lust for action had been temporarily sated it would take more than one measly fight to satisfy me. Curiously the following evening I was issued another challenge. The younger brother who couldn’t have been any older than fourteen years of age stormed into the pub angrily. He challenged me without blinking an eye. I laughed in his face until I realized that the pup was serious. I shrugged and accepted his challenge ready to double my money. I finished my glass of wine pursing my lips at the slight musky taste. I was ready to teach the impudent boy a lesson. I turned to the barkeep first and chided him about the backyard wine he served. I told him when I returned I wanted something better than the last glass of swill I was given. He just shook his head as I followed the young boy out of the bar.

I reached for my sword but froze when my stomach gave a sudden painful gurgle. I blinked gingerly rubbing my stomach with my free hand as I freed my sword. Of all the times to have stomach issues it had be right now. The boy seemed to catch onto my plight but said nothing as the gurgling and groaning shifted its way into my guts. My eyes widened as I realized it must have been foul play. The barkeep must have been in on it probably angry that I refused to tip him the previous night. He ran at me holding his sword clumsily and I knew I had to end this quickly.

When I went to parry his ungainly attack my muscles felt as if I was chained to iron weights. Despite my full exertion I could barely lift my sword to block his blow. The ringing of steel echoed in the streets and in my drugged state the strike almost brought me to my knees. The shock of the blow caused me to lose some of my water which I could feel rivulets trickling down my thighs. I tried to concentrate. I just had to last the five or so minutes that the poison would impede my strength but the negative reaction the poison was having on my constitution made it increasingly difficult to think straight. It must have been brambleweed I'd heard of the effects before but never quite had the displeasure of experiencing it first hand.

I was on the defensive from the start the only thing more inelegant than his strikes were my movements. I was in danger of losing to a child and the thought made me shudder. Each nick from the edge of his blade each slap from the broad side of his sword caused me to spill more and more water. Each spurt soaked through the thin material of my underwear dripping to the cobbled streets in small puddles or dribbled down my thighs. Slowly the faint acrid scent wafted to his nose and he saw the glistening wetness on my thighs and calves. “Did the little girl pee pee?” the child taunted as he continued to press me back and I could only helplessly defend. I turned scarlet unable to retort to his taunts to busy trying desperately to keep my sword hand steady.

My bowels gave a heavy groan and I was on the verge of soiling myself. I couldn’t do anything but stand trembling hunched over slightly with my knees pressed together. The boy paused watching my sudden awkward stance and the pained look on my face. In a mix of desperation and fear my exhausted quivering sphincter couldn’t contain my waste any longer and a loud burst of flatulence heralded my ultimate defeat. My face contorted in disgust as I felt the hot muck slither into my undergarments with a sickly wet crackling noise. The boy of course was beside himself with immature snickering at my bowel movement. I could only whimper and grunt as I forced the mess out filling the seat of my panties weighing them down heavily. The watery slop could not be contained as it leaked out staining my thighs brown.

In my preoccupied state he ran up and shoved me backwards. I lost my balance and fell right on my poopy load. The warm mush squished everywhere covering my skin and squishing out soiling my clothes. I choked back sniffles and tried as I might I couldn’t stop myself from shedding tears as the triumphant boy danced around in glee at his victory. He gloated as I sat in my filth wiping my eyes. I threw the gold pieces at his feet and told him if he was still here once the poison had lost its potency I would run him through with my blade.

The snickering crowd that had gathered quickly dispersed quickly from the rank smell of my own shit. Finding the strength to stand I slowly made my way back to my room at the inn, once again finding myself in dire need of a shower.

*003*2014-11-03 08:32

Seasickness

Sephoira

We finally spoke with the elusive Jehanne and she clued us into what she had gathered us for. I think there’s more going on than she is letting on but the others seem trusting. A rogue necromancer needed stopping so that’s where we’re headed and just my luck we are traveling by ship. It is bigger than any sort of craft I’d ever been on before. To say it is extremely disconcerting for me is an understatement. I’ll take dry land over sea travel any day of the week. From my first step about I felt uneasy but did my best not to show it. I don’t think anybody suspected how nervous ship travel actually made me.

Well, nobody suspected until our second day of the trip. The first day had been rather eventful with the onset of pirates who had in their possession a list of our four names promising a hefty bounty for each of our heads. I had taken the note from Lyssa and kept it hidden within my person. The next time I spoke with Jehanne we were going to have a little discussion about how less than twenty-four hours after leaving the keep our full names had surfaced on a kill list. Anyway, I’m getting away from myself. I had drank a substantial amount of wine that night to keep my mind pacified and put the swaying of the ship out of my mind. It worked like a charm and no sooner had I laid out to bed I was out like a light.

I awoke in the morning feeling the onset of my hangover a pain in my head thrummed lightly as I was suddenly aware of my desperately full bladder. The sharp pain of how badly I needed to urinate took me by surprise but it was a welcome reprieve to the regrettably common occurrence of sodden sheets. I stumbled out of bed in just my night clothes wincing as the fullness of my bladder seemed to increase two fold as I stood up. Crossing my legs briefly to give me a brief respite from the urge I took a deep breath and walked quickly to the privy.

Fortunately the ship was large enough so that in my private room we had facilities built in. The sight of the toilet coming into view nearly made me lose it. Slipping off my underwear I nearly slammed bottom onto the seat in glorious relief. That noisy hiss of someone who nearly waited too long filled the room as I gushed into the bowl. I relaxed my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands. Staring down I sighed noticing the clearly damp gusset of my underwear.

Everyone, look at the great duelist who can’t even control her own water. I thought glumly as I tossed them aside. Once I was finally finished I stood up. My stomach seemed uneasy and the headache was making itself a bit more pronounced. Staring in the mirror briefly at my disheveled red hair I quickly turned and went back in my room slipping on my clothes. I needed some fresh air. I thought that might make me feel a bit better. Finishing a half full glass of wine I had left on my nightstand I hastily left my room shutting the door behind me. I did my best to be quiet as I didn’t wish any of my traveling companions discovering my queasy secret.

The cool salty air of the early morning helped a bit but the unnerving knot in my stomach was still present and that glass of wine I gulped down before I left my room didn’t seem to be helping. The night crew was sparse and I was mostly alone on deck as I leaned on the railing looking over the side. The swish of the hull hitting the waves was hypnotic nearly lulling me back to sleep where I stood. I was starting to feel better or so I thought before my stomach gave a painful lurch.

Before I could think I wretched, feeling my stomach wanted to eject its contents. I vomited over the side I’m sure much to the amusement of the helmswoman. I gripped the railing tight as I had my eyes clenched. Catching my breath I trembled from the sheer force at which my muscles convulsed. I did feel slightly better having survived my first wave of throwing up. I wiped the disgusting mix of spittle and bile from the side of my mouth with the shirt of my sleeve before a second round of convulsions began. Bent over the railing spewing over the side I must have been a sight.

In my dreadful state I hadn’t noticed that Clawdette had joined me on deck and was watching me while she leaned against one of the masts. I wiped my mouth after the second round had finished with some excruciating dry heaves. My whole body shook as I felt relieved thinking I was finished. Of course though I couldn’t get off that easily my stomach still flip flopped nervously. My brow was soaked with a combination of the damp sea air and my cold sweat. I felt the sickness coming for a third and what I could only pray final wave. I leaned over the again expecting to taste the bile rising in the back of my throat.

I grunted sickly and the contents of my insides chose to rush in a different direction. With a noisy pfffffloorrrrrrbbbbbtttt that broke the relative silence on deck I completely voided the contents of my bowel into my clothing. I stood frozen acutely aware of the wet excrement that stuck to my skin. I immediately regretted putting on my snug fitting clothes without my underwear. I knew my clothes were ruined, no amount of scrubbing would get the stains out of this pair of pants. I whimpered feeling the runny filth seeping down my thighs with no panties to hold it in place.

From behind me Clawdette had a front row seat to my shame. She watched as my body convulsed and a sudden expulsion into my trousers distended the seat. As if the putrid bulge and foul smell wasn’t indicative enough what I had done the wetness seeped through the fabric of my pants leaving them obviously stained a murky brown.

My hand shot to the back of my pants as I groaned, my fingers probing the damage gingerly. I could feel the voluminous bulge that was quickly flattening out against my bottom. I couldn’t believe what I had just done and turned around hoping to return to my room quickly. Instead I stared wide eyed at my rival who just seemed to watch me silently. She let out a sigh and walked over placing her hand on my shoulder. She spoke softly and seemed sincere but I know she just wanted to rub it in my face later.

She walked me back to my room glaring at some of the other sailor's who strayed too close wrinkling their nose at the foul smell. She tried to give me some spiel about how accidents aren't too uncommon for women in this line of work which I tried to tune out. It was all a load and the moment I got to my room I hurried in and slammed the door behind me feeling my eyes water. Taking a few moments to compose myself and looking over my should at the full length mirror I quickly undressed and headed to the bath.

*004*2014-11-03 09:06

Something a little different than what I usually write. It's been forever since I wrote anything involving desperation. Here's another tale of woe.

Cheaters never prosper

Sephoira, Clawdette, Lyssa

I have had it up to here with Clawdette… I know you can’t see me but I’m holding my hand about as high above my head as I can go. I was so tired with her acting stronger than everyone else it’s all a lie. Well I mean she might be slightly stronger than me but that’s beside the point. After she saw me humiliate myself in the early morning in my seasick state she pretended to be nice to me but I know she was just going to mock me behind my back. Tell the rest of the group what happened just to cement herself as the one in charge of our little group when Jehanne wasn’t around. She probably poisoned me… so I devised a bit of a plan, a spot of revenge would sooth my broken ego. Seeing her brought low soiling her precious armor like a child I smirked in delight at my devious plan.

We were expected to hit land around midnight which gave me all day to agitate Clawdette until I knew she couldn’t resist my challenge. So far she had declined my challenges to duel but this would be a test of endurance and I would show her who the incontinent babe was. Everything had been going smoothly I procured some powdered mudweed as they called it from some of the crew. The sailors called it a lifesaver given their diet while out at sea and planned to spike Clawdette’s drink at the opportune moment.

That second day we mostly lounged about on the top of the deck dozing off in the sun waiting to see if any other threats should appear on the horizon before landfall. Mara spent most of the day at the bow watching the waves break against the hull Clawdette Lyssa and I sat around playing cards. I practiced my sleight of hand stacking the deck repeatedly in my favor until I had won an overwhelming amount of games and Lyssa tossed her cards down in frustration clearly not enjoying herself anymore. “No need to be a sore loser.” I taunted with a smirk. Clawdette gave me a sharp look but it didn’t cross my mind she knew I had been cheating. I spent the rest of the afternoon doing my best to pester Clawdette. Granted, it did not take much as we naturally seemed to butt heads so when dinner rolled around she was quite agitated.

The four of us sat around an open cauldron that was heating our stew that was to be supper. We had decided to enjoy the brisk night air and sit outside as a group which worked all the better for me as Mara and Lyssa witnessing Clawdette’s humiliation would be all the more sweet. Clawdette began speaking to the others about necromancers in general hoping to prepare them better for what lay ahead when I interrupted her for what must have been the twentieth time today. She just turned and glared at me exasperated by my poor attitude that I had displayed all day. “Your childish attitude has got to stop… if this is about your accident earlier just shut up and deal with it!” I flushed when she brought that up and heard Lyssa snickering to herself looking on in curiosity. Apparently Clawdette had kept her promise and not told anybody about my little incident earlier but that was the last thing on my mind.

I just glared at them both and issued my challenge. I bet Clawdette I could hold it longer than her. I was even so confident I extended the challenge to Mara and Lyssa. Mara sneered slightly thinking it was beneath someone born of her noble status and took her food to her room. Lyssa however, eagerly agreed anxious to show she was tougher than everyone thought.

Grinning I gathered our three cups she had finally fallen into my trap. I would finally get some payback for her arrogance. I set them down and filled Lyssa’s cup first. I wasn’t worried by the bard and judging by my past experiences with her she’d be the first one out. Filling up my own and Clawdette’s cup I discreetly added the powder into the cup I intended to hand back to Clawdette. They had both walked with me as I filled the glasses and I can only assume when I turned to give Lyssa her glass is when Clawdette made the switch. I took the remaining two and gave one to Clawdette before unknowingly downing the tainted water much to Clawdette’s bemusement. I just grinned at the other two as they gulped their water watching Clawdette drink what I thought was the spiked water. We all refilled our glasses taking our seats around the cauldron having agreed to drink another full glass every ten minutes.

We all sat around in relative silence as we ate slowly looking at each other to see who would show the first signs of desperation. Inadvertently it was me who cracked first. We were drinking our second cup and I had just started to sip the water down when my stomach gurgled abruptly and I farted. Nearly choking on my water I took a second to compose myself and glare at Lyssa who had started tittering and my gassy expulsion. We finished out glasses and went to refill them. Slowly my insides began to twist as the powder began to have an effect on my constitution. I grimaced trying to figure out what was wrong with me as I took my seat again. Stealing quick glances at Clawdette she showed no visible signs of having to go, maybe it hadn’t taken effect yet.

My guts suddenly gave a painfull shift and I saw Clawdette grin as I placed my hand gently on my abdomen massaging it. It couldn’t be she couldn’t have switched the glasses I barely even looked away for a few seconds. But she had, that is exactly what happened and now I was paying the price. Lyssa began fidgeting and I think Clawdette had to go as well but with her strong discipline she just managed to keep still. The third glass came and went and I had started sweating as I clenched my fists. It felt like a storm was brewing inside me and I had unconsciousness started fidgeting. Lyssa was no better standing up crossing her legs shifting positions to relieve the pressure. Even Clawdette had let her guard down and started tapping her foot incessantly.

I breathed in sharply it was getting painful now and I could be both my competitors were in a similar state of distress. Lyssa had taken to walking about stopping every few moments to squeeze her legs together. Clawdette meanwhile not in her armor was trembling every so often still wearing a mask of steel determination to teach me a lesson. I could see her bladder bulging beneath her clothes and couldn’t help but wonder how many times she actually lost control only to have it hidden by her plate mail. We only finished our fourth glass before the pressure from holding it both ways nearly caused me to have an accident.

I gasped aloud biting my lip feel a sudden spurt dampen my underclothes but fortunately managed to stop myself from completely losing it. Clawdette just grinned hearing my little outburst. “What’s the matter Sephoira? Not as tough as you claimed?” she taunted to which I did my best to ignore. She was right though, time was running out for me and I knew it but there was nothing I could do. I think she could sense I was nearing my limit. I decided to stand figuring a change in position might somehow miraculously allow me to hold it for a little longer but I was wrong. I groaned jamming my hands between my legs feeling the cloth of my pants suddenly grow damp between my fingers. Fortunately it was a only another slight leak and I managed to hang on.

My sudden awkward stance and the now damp state of my pants gathered stares from Lyssa and Clawdette who seemed to get their second wind watching me on the verge of peeing my pants. I felt another whiff of gas and winced feeling something a bit more solid begging for relief. It was at the zenith of my desperation a particularly strong cramp rocked me and my muscles started to relax unbidden from exhaustion. I knew it was over and the moment my bottom quivered the semi-solid waste rushed out of me meeting the resistance of the cloth of my underwear. Almost instantaneously my underwear was filled with the sludge and I could feel it still coming.

My clothes bulged out as a wet brown stain enveloped everything the mess touched. My nerves were shot and my muscles frayed. I couldn't have held my pee any longer if I tried. It all came gushing out and a look of glorious relief overcame me and my face showed it. Looking down I could see a monstorous puddle radiating from my feet. I cringed when it was all over opening my eyes to find Clawdette staring at me and Lyssa giggling wildly. Clawdette walked slowly to me narrowing her eyes before she just said "cheaters never prosper..." I blushed harder if it was all possible and turned running as quickly as I could back to my room.

Apparently shortly after I left Lyssa couldn't hold it back and drenched her clothes making Clawdette the winner... not what I had planned. It still stings that the timid bard managed to hold it long than I could. If that damned Clawdette didn't have such high perception... Although I suppose I can take some solace in the fact that listening to Lyssa pee on the deck apparently caused Clawdette to leak quite a bit leaving a noticable splotch on her pants. Playfully Lyssa pounced on the warrior and tickled her until she too ended up soaking herself with no armor on to hide it.

*007*2014-11-06 07:50

{{:

Awesome stories. Like the writing style.

}}

Thank you, glad you enjoy it ^^

Here's a new one mainly bedwetting and a brief mention of diapers x.x

In the nightfall

Sephoira, Lyssa

Having adventured for my fair share of time I have encountered more than my fill of horrifying creatures. Some of their disgusting visages still haunt me especially during the night when it’s not always easiest to hold your water. On occasion I admit it will happen to me. I’ll wake up in the middle of the night hoping by some miracle that the cooling wetness is just sweat: it never is. I suppose sometimes my wet sheets are owed slightly to my penchant for the Shalian wines. On more than one occasion it’s had me ending up red cheeked in front of the innkeeper handing over a few gold pieces to thoroughly clean the exquisite sheets I pissed in.

This inn was not exactly what we would call exquisite and even more irksome was the fact that there were only three rooms left. Clawdette volunteered to watch our captured mercenary Adelaide in her room and Mara of course demanded her own room which left me and Lyssa sharing. I suppose it's not so bad but I still wished for my own room. The fact that we were sharing was only made worse when I saw our bed for the night. The room only had one! Meaning we would be sharing the bed. It was a king sized mattress at least but I was not looking forward to sleeping in the same bed as the bard. She looked the timid sort who would undoubtedly soak the sheets.

I sipped my wine that night restraining myself to only a glass not wanting to risk waking up in the situation I had to explain. Lyssa played her lyre and serenaded me while we spoke about of upbringings and various skill sets and... weaknesses. After a bit we both could barely stop from yawning and decided to turn it. Being a bit more confident in myself and my body I had no problem in yanking off my pants sleeping in just a loose fitting tee shirt and my panties. Lyssa ran off to the bathroom for a few minutes before joining me on the other side of the bed. She wore a conservative set of pajamas and I could have sworn I heard a crinkle when she walked up I put it out of my mind as I just told her to stay on her side of the bed. I really didn't want to wake in the middle of the night finding myself cuddling with her. She blew out the remaining lights and we both quickly drifted off to sleep.

My dream that night was one of the least pleasant I'd had in quite a while. I can't begin to explain why we dream what we dream but I found myself with Clawdette fighting our way through a lord's castle. His guard was no match and one by one they all fell to our steel. We actually managed to work well as a team and the floors ran red with their blood. When we arrived at the room where we new to find our target we both kicked it open. To our surprise it was no lord waiting for us. It turned around and I shuddered at the sight of the mindflayer lying in wait for us. “How nice of you two to join us...” it drawled on launching a psionic assault at us.

We were both caught in the blast and knocked back staggering from the blow. We both growled raising our swords charging at the illithid. Raising it's hands it muttered a spell and I felt the psionic energy slam into me. I gasped my eyes with as I froze. I was no longer in control of my body, a slave to the mindflayer's wicked domination. Clawdette had fortunately managed to resist but another volley of psionic energy blasted her back as she hit the wall. The figure cackled wickedly as Clawdette stood up weakly leaning on her sword. I felt my body move of my own accord as I took a step towards my partner. “Kill her...” I heard his voice echo in my head. I could only whimper as I begged my body not to do it.

Slowly I stepped towards her my movements clunky as I fought the psionic domination. Clawdette stared at me growling. “Don't fucking do it Sephoira...” she glared commanding. Even in my dream she showed no fear, her voice unwavering. Maybe it was my hidden feelings for my rival or maybe it was that she was just my team mate. I felt my sword rise and my eyes water at what I knew I was about to do. “I... I'm sorry.” I whimpered as tears started to roll down my face. I drove my sword through one of the joins in her plate mail and I saw red spreading from where my sword had entered. She stared up at me her eyes wide with fear and I heard a noisy hiss as her bladder released. The noisy stream splattered against the inside of her armor. Liquid slowly began to pool under her as she reeled back falling against the wall. The torment started to fade as I heard a distant wake up... wake up...

Back in bed Lyssa had woken to my tossing and turning. Apparently I was mumbling in my sleep and I just started peeing. In my distress I had tossed the covers off giving Lyssa a clear view of my underwear which quickly saturated. That's when she began shaking me. I woke up slowly realizing I was peeing. With a yelp I tried to stop but the warm liquid streamed out of my pooling on the mattress beneath us soaking the bottom of my panties and the back of my shirt. I sighed finally finishing I stepped out of bed staring at Lyssa as she crawled out of bed having got a little wet as well. I let out a shiver and mumbled an apology to Lyssa who looked a little distracted herself. Stripping the sheets I let out a heavy sigh, tonight of all nights...

Lyssa seemed to be able to tell what I was thinking and walked over hugging me. I awkwardly returned the hug not really sure what was going on. “It's ok, I won't tell the others...” she told me. I nodded my eyes starting to water from the shame. She smiled and lowered the front of her pants revealing a rather childish incontinence garment that looked swollen on the verge of leaking. I was taken aback I wanted to taunt Lyssa for wearing such a childish item but in my current state I was in no position to say anything about it considering what I had done. After we both changed I stayed silent and gathered the spare blankets from the cupboard. We flipped the mattress and layed back down to sleep. I hoped I would remain dry for the rest of the night.

*010*2014-11-10 01:51

{{:

Holy damn, man, keep these coming, I love them.

}}

^^ much appreciated, glad you enjoy them.

The next story will be featuring Clawdette and Sephoira again and another duel. I swear she does win quite frequently however it's much more fun to write about her losses isn't it Sephoira?

Sephoira: I will murder you Linkx...

*012*2014-11-11 03:49

{{:

Hey Linkx! These are great stories and really well written. I love the idea of the vignettes, it really lets you hop around to different stories and use different characters for interesting situations. Though, it also makes it tough to follow the narrative "thread" and keep track of who some of the characters are and what the motivations are. I expect you'll flesh out the other members of the group a lot more!

Also, just as a typo correction, the title would probably be "The Dawnbringers' Misadventures"

}}

HWCHEM has appeared D:< hey dude, I actually meant to email you some of these a while ago but never got around to it glad you're around. whaaaaa I thought a possesive plural had the apostrophe inside the s... at the very least it's better than my first title where I mistakenly put dawnbringers lol

I suppose that's a good point. There is however no real narrative that I'm aware of except for post dawnbringers. I'll email you all about it.

*015*2014-11-27 03:00

{{:

Bump in the hopes that there'll be more of these.

}}

Uwaaaaa the bump is much appreciated. I wanted to finish the next one today however it will have to wait until tomorrow.
