The Halloween Party

Author: pumpkinhead

*000*2013-11-01 03:03

Just one last Halloween story!!! Since the greatest of holidays is over and everything...

I haven't written any story in years (Twoish?) So please go easy, but all criticisms are well appreciated! Also I didn't really bother to give it a thorough editing, so i'm sure there are some typos and syntax errors and whatnot.... sorry! Hope you guys enjoy anyway! Happy Halloweeeeeen!!!

%The Halloween Party.pdf

###

The petite freshman girl stared at the cute barista, tracing lines around his face and hair with her mind.

"What can I get you?" He repeated a second time.

"Oh. Sorry." The young girl blushed. "2 large Pumpkin Spice Lattes please."

"What's your name?"

"Rosie," She replied.

"That's a nice name," he said and wrote it across the cup he had in his hand. "I like your costume."

"Thanks," She said. She turned in a full circle letting him see the outfit. Yellow antennae poking out of her wavy brown hair, yellow and black striped top, and a black frilly skirt over a pair of white leggings. "I'm a bumble bee."

"I can see that," he grinned. "It's nice to see not all girls go slutty on Halloween. That some pretty girls can still be cute."

Just then a blonde girl put her arms around the bumble bee. She wore perfectly fitted red riding hood dress complete with matching hood. "Not all girls can pull off slutty like I can." She winked at the barista.

"Well my name is Adrian," the boy said. "You girls go to school around here?"

"Yeah we go to Overlook High right down the street," the blonde said. "I'm Bridget."

"Nice to meet you guys. I'm a junior over at Mayfair High. You guys got plans for Halloween tonight?" he asked while finishing their drink preparation.

"Not really, Going to a costume contest. Then probably just staying in." Rosie said.

"Some buddies of mine are having a party late. It's near here in some old house. Supposed to be a lot of fun, you guys should stop by."

"Maybe we will," Bridget smiled.

"Cool." Adrian put the finished drinks on the counter, and wrote an address on a piece of reciept paper. "Party starts at 8. hope to see you guys there."

The two girl took their drinks and walked out of the cofeeshop quietly giggling to each other. The sun was slowly sinking into the horizon.

"He wants me," Bridget said.

"I saw him first anyway," Rosie retorted.

"So we gonna go hit up that party then?"

"Yeah we should." Rosie took a long sip of the drink.

"What else were we going to do anyway, watch Hocus Pocus and eat candy corn? We did that last year."

"Yup." Rosie checked the time on her cell phone. Five-thirty. The two girls drank the warm pumpkin flavored drinks on the six blocks it took to reach the comic book store down the street. The store was hosting an annual holiday party and costume contest. When they reached the storefront a man dressed as Doctor Who was standing out front.

"Rosie! There you are."

"Hi Dad."

"You girls gonna enter the contest?"

"No way Mr. Williams," Bridget said. "Besides, that might be unfair since you own the shop and all."

"Come on inside. I ordered a bunch of pizzas. And there's punch. Wait til you see the Tardis photobooth I rented!"

Bridget nudged her friend in the ribs. "Your dad's a dork," she whispered.

"Mm hmm." Rosie smiled.

The next two hours went by as Rosie and Bridget watched the kids and teens engaging in Halloween festivities. The costume contest, bobbing for apples, and even the Monster Mash. Bridget was drinking a cup of Halloween punch when Rosie checked her cell phone.

"It's past seven-thirty," She said. "Maybe we should get going and find the place."

"Yeah OK, Bridget replied. "Just let me go take a piss first. I drank way too much today."

"Me too." the two girls went to the bathroom, relieved themselves and fixed their hair and makeup in the mirror.

"So what do you think Rosie?"

"About what?"

"Our first High School Halloween party. Could be good."

Rosie shrugged. "Maybe." She applied some lip gloss and the two of them headed out into the night.

The streets were dark and filled with children flitting to and fro, bags and buckets rattling with candy and treats. The address on the receipt paper was a good twenty block walk from the comic book store and it was starting to get cold out. Bridget felt the breeze against her bare legs as Rosie rubbed her hands together to keep warm. They turned down a lane with no streetlamps and noticed no children around.

"I've never been to this street before," Rosie said. "Its really quiet over here."

"Yeah, it's spooooky isn't it." The blonde girl grinned and grabbed her friend by the shoulders. She looked up and saw a large white house at the end of the lane. It looked older than the other houses with chipping paint and pillars near the front door. None of the windows seemed to have lights on.

"You sure this is it?" Rosie asked.

"Looks like." Bridget checked the address on the receipt and matched it to the dilapitated numbers on the house. "7781. This is definitely it. It doesn't look like anyone is home though."

"Maybe we're early."

"It's past eight though. He said eight."

"Let's knock on the door anyway. Maybe someone is there setting up. I kind of have to use the bathroom again." Rosie walked up to the door. There was a rusted lion's head knocker across the center of it.

"What are you waiting for?" Bridget asked.

"This place is creepy. Who has a party in a place like this?"

"It's a Halloween party stupid. It's kind of the whole point."

Rosie shifted slowly from one foot to the other. She felt all the liquids slowly filling up her small bladder, only made worse by the cold night breeze. "OK, here goes nothing." She took the knocker and knocked three times heavy against the old solid door. She waited about a minute and knocked twice more.

"Um, I guess nobody is home Rosie. That guy must have given us a bunk address. What an ass."

"This sucks. It's over a half hour back to my place. It's cold, and I have to pee." The two girls turned towards the street to walk away.

BANG!

Rosie jumped forward in fright.

"What the hell was that?" Bridget yelped and turned around quickly. Her eyes darted back and forth as the the large door opened slightly. "Who's there?" she called out. No answer. She took Rosie's hand and walked her up to the door. "Should we go in?"

"What? Are you kidding me? I'm not going in there!"

"Come on. It's probably just someone messing with us. I bet this is the right place. Just part of the party fun! Besides, don't you need the bathroom? There's one inside obviously."

Rosie shivered and pressed her hands between her legs. "Alright let's do it."

The girls pushed on the door and it slowly opened up with a loud creak revealing a dark foyer. The seemed to be a glistening marble and the walls were covered in old paintings.

"Hello?" Rosie called out meekly into the darkness. She held tight on to Bridget's hand and the two girls stepped into the house.

BAM!

They jumped forward as the front door slammed shut behind them.

"What the crap!" Bridget yelled. A light flickered on above them; A crystal chandelier that began swinging with a clanking sound.

Rosie began banging and pulling on the front door but it didn't budge. "What do we do?"

"I have no idea." She walked forward to a carpeted staircase at the end of the foyer.

"Where are you going Bridgie??"

"Up. There has to be someone around here. Just playing games is all. It is Halloween."

Rosie's skin suddenly felt clammy and cold. She hurriedly walked to catch up to her friend. They slowly walked up the stairs to find two long hallways in either direction. Bridget took Rosie's hand and pulled her down one of them. There were sconces attached to the walls, glowing softly with candlelight. Bridget pushed open every door they came across, revealing ornate bedrooms filled with victorian decor. Rosie's stomach was feeling unsettled the further into the house they ventured. She could feel the liquid pushing against the walls of her bladder and she instinctively pressed one of her hands into her girlhood . " Do you think one of these doors is a bathroom?"

"Probably. These rooms look so old I bet there's a chamberpot or something if there isn't."

"Not funny dude. I really have to go." She bounced up and down on her feet.

"Yeah I kinda do too. Let's find one."

They turned down several long hallways opening all of the doors, Rosie's urge growing stronger by the minute. Finally one door opened up into a beautiful marble room with a sink and an old fashioned bathtub in the corner. "There's no toilet," Bridget said."

"What I am suppsed to do?"

"Uhhh. I guess you could go in the bathtub. Or the sink."

"Seriously? How does this big house not have a toilet!" she whimpered.

"Just use the tub Rosie. It's better than nothing."

"I don't know."

"Well if you won't, I will anyway." Bridget walked into the bathtub room. "See you in a minute."

"Wait I don't wanna be out here all alone!"

"It'll be quick. I promise." Bridget shut the door.

"OK". Rosie hopped up and down outside, the prospect of being able to go to the bathroom causing her need to grow tremendously. She waited for a couple minutes and knocked on the door. "Bridgie?? What's taking so long?" she pressed her ear to the door and listened. Nothing. She rattled the doorknob and the door opened seemingly by itself. "Bridgie?" Her eyes widened in fright and she felt her arms go numb and tingly. The room was empty. Her friend was nowhere to be seen. She backed up into the wall behind her and felt her breathing turn fast and shallow. She felt a sharp pang in her bladder and her stomach tied itself in knots. A loud screech caught her off guard and she turned to see something small fluttering above her.

"Oh Crap!" She shouted and took off running towards the door at the end of the hallway. She opened the door and shut herself in. If she kept breathing so fast she would surely hyperventilate.

Screeeeeeech!

She felt a trickle of warmth release into her cotton panties. She quickly pressed her hand deep and clenched the flow. She could hear the sound through the door. "It's a just a bird or a bat stuck in the house," she said aloud still breathing heavy. She felt the wetness in underwear and squirmed uncomfortably. She looked around and seemed to be in a storage room of some sort. There were old paintings stacked against each other, statues covered in sheets, and a suit of rusty armor that looked to be from the middle ages.

Bridget awoke with a start. "What the?" She looked around and seemed to be sitting in a plush chair in the middle of a library. Her heart beat fast against her ribcage. The last thing she remembered was closing the bathroom door and walking towards the bathtub. Her mind was woozy and felt a throbbing against the back of her head. She reached her hand up to touch it and felt a sick gooeyness. Blood.

The lights of the library danced around as she tried to regain her composure. She put a hand down onto the seat and felt more warm wetness. More blood? Was she covered in blood? She ran her hand across her thighs and noticed the fluid wasn't blood at all. She was soaking in her own urine. She looked down to see her dress pulled up. Her white panties were saturated with pee and turned a light yellow color. She could smell it now, lingering in her nose. She must have accidentaly peed while she was out cold. She stood up and stumbled over the to door of the library. She opened it and fell through to the ground into another room.

"Bridget!!" Rosie yelled. She ran over and picked her friend from the ground.

"Rosie?"

"I'm here. What happened to you?"

"I think somebody hit me. I don't remember." She held on tight to her friend. "Rosie?"

"Yeah?"

"I peed on myself."

"It's OK It's OK." Rosie supported her friend and carried her back through the door into the library. She set her down in an armchair that wasn't covered in piss. "What the hell is going on in this house? We have to get out of here!"

"Duh," Bridget replied, her head still swimming.

Rosie fidgeted uncontrollably, jumping up and down in place.

"What's wrong with you?"

"I have to go to the bathroom really bad. If we don't get out of here right now I swear I'm gonna pee my pants too." She bit her lip.

"Let's see if I can stand up straight." She felt a little wobbly but managed to get upright. "OK."

The girl's began to walk to the door. Rosie walked quicker as bladder screamed for release.

"Slow down Rosie, I'm getting dizzy."

"Sorry. I just have to go so bad." She squirmed as she walked and felt cold sweat forming on her face. She lef her injured friend through the storage and almost into the hallway when she remembered the screeching sound. Her muscles tensed and she gingerly opened the door, peeking out with a sense of fear. The noisy culprit had vanished. Her bladder was too full and she waddled down the long hallway like a little girl who wasn't quite potty trained. When they reached the staircase she felt her urethra give slightly, and a small spurt find it's way out into her already damp underwear. She quickly stopped the pee but felt it reach inside of her thigh, finding her sheer white tights. It wouldn't be long now before her muscles would fail her completely.

Bridget held onto her as she lowered themselves slowly down the stairs. She didn't like the feeling of cold wet fabric chafing against sensitive areas of skin.

Rosie felt as though she really would burst all over. "Bridgie, I can't hold it. I don't know what to do. I'm gonna pee I'm gonna pee." She was shaking all over.

"We're almost there," The blonde said quietly.

They reached the bottom of the staircase and walked halfway down the marble floored foyer when a flash of light erupted around the room. Rosie grabbed herself hard as a torrent of liquid rushed from inside her. It ran it's way down both of her legs as she tried hard to plug the flow. She looked up and her heart pounded. There in front of them stood the barista, Adrian, a long cape swirling behind him as he walked toward the girls.

"Welcome to my home!" He growled with a cackle.

It was all too much for Rosie who could no longer subdue to the river of urine that flooded her panties and soaked through her white tights in long streaks. She let go of her friend and closed her eyes. Her pee escaped violently and splattered across the hard marble floor, filling her thin canvas shoes and forming a large pool beneach her.

Adrian floated over to the bewildered girls, a menacing smile on his face. Rosie fell to her knees, further soaking herself in the puddle of warm urine on the ground.

"Do you like my house?" He asked. "I've had this old place for generations now."

Bridget looked up and in a daze, thought she saw a sharp pair of fangs reaching out of the boy's mouth, and felt a new stream of warmth running down her legs.

The boy laughed as all of the lights in the house turned to darkness.

*004*2013-11-04 21:31

{{:

I liked the characters, they felt alive :)

}}

I really like that compliment, Thanks!

