Naruto Story - Test of Desperation

Author: Dragon

*000*2011-02-10 00:52

Naruto-Test of Desperation

Warnings- Contains Wetting, Desperation, and Partial Nudity

Disclaimer-I do not own Naruto, nor claim ownership to any of the ideas, characters, or themes of the series.

Author's Note- This is one of the first stories I have written that I am actually going to post. I ask for constructive criticism in your posts rather than flaming and just responding with a "This story is bad and you should feel bad". Not a ton of action in chapter one so forgive me for the excessive plot buildup, however I hope it is still enjoyable. Chapter 2 will be finished shortly.

Chapter 1-

The sun was slowly beginning to set early that evening in the leaf village and Tsunade of the legendary sannin gave a sad chuckle as she finished tying the last of the 4 messages to the messenger bird’s legs. Dismissing the birds they swiftly took flight each heading in a separate direction with 4 letters to some of the top upcoming kunoichis of the village. Each holding a note reading, “Emergency Mission Report to Hokage office immediately.”

Tsunade only needed to wait a few minutes before the four Kunoichi arrived in her office each wondering what the extremely important mission could be. Tsunade stood and looked at the four, Sakura, Ino, Tenten, and Hinata. Each wore their normal ninja uniforms and appeared ready for the mission, “Ok girls the reason I summoned you all here tonight is actually very good.” Tsunade said with a smile.

The girls all looked at her confused waiting for her to continue. “The other ninja and I have all concluded that the four of you through hard work, dedication, determination, and skill are ready to be promoted to the rank of Jonin and lead your own squads.” Tsunade said earning cheers and gasps from all four of the girls. “Ok now follow me I think a little time for celebration is in order.” Tsunade said and waved for the girls to follow her.

They walked through the building following Tsunade as she led them for several minutes until they reached a steel door at the end of a long hallway. Tsunade walked to the door and pulled out a key and unlocked it. “What are we doing here Lady Tsunade?” Sakura asked. “I thought this was a combat practice area?” she said in complete confusion. “Yes I apologize however under the circumstances and short notice this was the best we could do, but I believe you will still find it enjoyable.” Tsunade laughed. Then she swung open the door, the four girls mouths hung open in shock in the middle of the room a huge table with four chairs around it had been prepared, and the table was completely filled with every food and drink the girls could imagine. Every type of meat or fish or vegetable was prepared to perfection along with hundreds of bottles of wine, soda, sake, and water. “Enjoy girls; this is your celebration feast!” Tsunade said.

The girls all cheered and rushed inside to the feast. They all filled their plates with all their favorite foods and enjoyed all of their favorite drinks and laughed and talked happily.

After a few hours the girls all sat back in their chairs immensely full and very happy. However after a minute or two they noticed that they were alone in the room. “Where did Lady Tsunade go?” Tenten asked. None of the girls knew where the Hokage had gone or even noticed her leave. “Well she’ll come back in a bit, maybe she went to the little girl’s room for a bit and we didn’t notice.” Ino said laughing. “As a matter of fact I think I’ll join her after all that sake I could use a good pee.” She joked and stood and walked to the door. She turned the handle and pushed but with no results. She tried again pushing harder but the door didn’t move. “Hey guys I think Lady Tsunade accidently locked the door.” Ino said to the others. Before anyone could respond however a loud voice filled the room.

“That was no accident Ino.” They looked around for the source and saw several speakers in the corners of the room. Suddenly the voice spoke again, “Up here please.” The girls looked around and near the ceiling saw a large glass window and standing behind was Lady Tsunade. “I hope you girls all enjoyed the feast, however now it’s time for your test.” Tsunade said through the microphone.

“You have all been locked in that room and will remain there for however long it takes for the test to be completed.” She said. The girls all stared at her in shock. “What kind of test is this? All you did was give us a great dinner.” Tenten yelled. “Yes Tenten but that dinner is actually the key to your test.” Tsunade said with a laugh.

This test has been held for many years in the leaf village for every kunoichi. Now it is time for one of you to complete this test and be promoted to Jonin, and yes I said only one because there will only be one winner in this game of ours.” Tsunade said. “You see the drinks you just had were all laced with special drugs I made myself; it won’t be long before you all begin feeling the effects of these drugs.” Tsunade said. “Are you kidding me?” Ino yelled in anger. “What kind of test requires you to drug us putting our lives in danger?” The other girls all yelled in agreement at the Hokage. “You misunderstand girls, these drugs will do no physical harm to any of you, however they are very necessary for this test.” Tsunade said grimly. “The drugs in the drinks you have consumed will act as powerful diuretics, in short within a few minutes all of you are going to feel the need to empty your bladders and trust me when I say that it will be quite urgent.” Tsunade said.

“In this test you will all be locked in that room which I will add is enforced with steel walls meaning none of you will be able to escape until the test is over and I unlock the door. This test is made to test you on your endurance, determination, and willpower. In the ninja world you will find yourselves in extremely difficult situations every day not the least of which is needing to use the restroom in the middle of a mission or fight.

The rules and objective for the test are simple, each of you will attempt to prevent any form of accident in your clothing, meaning if you pee in yourselves you will be eliminated and will not receive the promotion. The person who is able to go the longest without having an accident will be the winner and receive the promotion to Jonin.” Tsunade said. The girls stared at Tsunade in horror as she spoke realizing by the look on her face that she was being completely serious. “The only rules are that you may not physically harm or kill one another, you are allowed to attempt to force one another to have an accident, however not through physical harm, the only other rule is that I must ask you to remove all of your clothing except your underwear and place them on the table so that none of you will be able to hide it when you lose control.” Tsunade said.

Almost immediately after she finished speaking all four girls erupted in anger and protest at the disgusting test, the use of the drugs, and being required to be in only their underwear the entire time of the test. However Tsunade would have no arguments and ordered with a shout that they comply with the rules.

So Tenten, Sakura, Ino, and even Hinata all slowly stripped off their, ninja equipment and clothing placing them on the tables until they were all left standing in only their bras and panties. Sakura was standing with her arms crossed blushing a bit wearing a pink bra with matching pink boy short panties with white stripes, Ino was standing uncomfortably regretting her revealing choice of underwear that day as she wore a lacy black bra and a matching lacy black thong, Tenten was wearing a blue bra with matching blue bikini panties, and Hinata whose face was flushed scarlet and was mortified at being forced to strip in public, stood wearing a lacy purple bra and lacy purple boy short panties.

After Tsunade saw that each girl had placed their clothing and equipment on the table she performed a few hand signs and the table of food, drinks, along with their clothes vanished in a cloud of smoke. Leaving the girls in the empty room in only their underwear.

“Ok that’s it girls the contest starts now this is your chance to become a Jonin so I suggest you do whatever you can from staining those lovely panties of yours.” She said with a laugh and dimmed the lights in the small room so the girls couldn’t see her or the video screens focused on each girl for observation. With that the girls each looked at each other for a moment as the reality of the test began to hit them as each felt the drugs begin taking effect.

*005*2011-02-18 23:18

Naruto-Test of Desperation

Warnings- Contains Wetting, Desperation, and Partial Nudity

Disclaimer-I do not own Naruto, nor claim ownership to any of the ideas, characters, or themes of the series.

Author's Note- Thank you for your patience, hope you enjoy the latest addition to the story. Again suggestions or ideas are welcome.

Chapter 2-

Sakura, Ino, Tenten, and Hinata all stood in the room silently, they could no longer see Tsunade in the viewing room, and each girl was trying to look at anything but each other out of embarrassment. Finally Tenten, not being able to stand the silence any longer awkwardly commented that she thought Sakura’s panties were cute. However her comment was met with further embarrassed silence until Ino went off on a rampage continuing to rant about the ridiculous test.

“This is insane I mean the Hokage actually wants us to stand in this room for hours and hours until we pee ourselves?” Ino said angrily. “Sorry Ino but I am not gonna be having an accident any time soon, maybe you’re just mad because you’re already desperate and know you’re gonna lose?” Sakura said teasingly. “Shut up Sakura I don’t even need to go!” Ino yelled. “Oh yeah? Unless I’m mistaken you were just on your way to the toilet before Lady Tsunade announced the test. Just do us all a favor and don’t be too close when you soak yourself ok?” Sakura said mocking Ino.

While Ino and Sakura continued arguing and Tenten attempted to make them stop, Hinata stood in a far corner of the room watching them. She was extremely shy and stripping down to her underwear was definitely pushing her limits, but being forced to go without the toilet for such a long time was beyond mortifying. Normally Hinata would never even mention to her team mates or family when she needed to pee and had even waited so long that she had leaked in her panties before.

But standing in a room with three of her friends and the Hokage watching while she tried not to have an accident was beyond humiliating. Yet already she was feeling the drugs quickly affecting her system, she could feel a strong urge to pee and was trying to ignore the growing urge to shove a hand against her crotch. Hinata slowly moved away from the others not wanting them to notice her predicament, however Ino immediately noticed Hinata's shaking legs and was quick to comment. Hinata blushed in embarrassment as the 3 other girls turned to look at her but for the moment no one was making fun of her because they were beginning to experience similar urges.

Ino was tapping her foot impatiently and occasionally squeezing her thighs together in obvious discomfort as her need to pee grew stronger. Tenten and Sakura were still comfortable for now neither were desperate however both could feel the urges growing. The girls sat around the room as time crawled by and each girl felt their bladders slowly filling.

However it was Ino and Hinata having the most trouble. For Hinata the promotion to Jonin wasn’t in her mind at all, she simply wanted to avoid the humiliation of soaking her panties right in front of her friends. However she wasn’t so sure how long she could avoid it, she had been forced to press both of her hands against her crotch to contain the flood. It was like trying to prevent a overfilled water balloon from popping as she tried to ignore the stares of the others as she danced around helplessly occasionaly gasping in agony as her desperation grew.

Ino watched Hinata and smirked knowing she was near her limit. However Ino wasn't that far from an accident either and knew if she didn’t do something she might not even be able to beat Hinata let alone Sakura and Tenten who still seemed completely calm, watching Hinata and her carefully wondering which of them would be the first to have an accident.

Ino sat on the floor with her hands pressed against her crotch hoping the additional pressure would provide some relief. However her swollen bladder ached for release. “Man I have to go so bad, if this gets any worse not only will I fail the test but I’ll be the first one to fail, even before Hinata.” Ino thought in horror. Suddenly a thought came to her and with a smile she realized there was a way to win this. Though she hated what she had planned she knew she would never hear the end of it from Sakura if she was the very first one to fail the test. “Sorry Hinata but I’m not going to lose this contest.” Ino thought with a smile.

Ino slowly turned and faced Hinata and quickly removed her hands from her crotch, though her desperation increased tremendously. She performed a few quick hand signs and then yelled “Mind Transfer Jutsu!” Her head and shoulders drooped and her hands fell to her sides as her consciousness sped from her body right towards Hinata. Hinata was frozen in place unable to avoid Ino’s jutsu in her desperate state.

Hinata gasped as she felt Ino’s mind enter her and immediately Ino began fighting for control of Hinata’s body. Ino was shocked at first by how badly Hinata needed to go. It made her own desperation seem laughable compared to the torture Hinata was going through. “This will make my job a whole lot easier.” Ino thought. As she fought for control knowing if she could take over Hinata’s body completely she could then force Hinata to let go of her hold on her bladder, eliminating her from the contest.

Hinata struggled against Ino and then with a gasp of horror she realized what Ino was trying to do. Already Ino was slowly moving Hinata’s hands away from her panties and Hinata felt her bladder's urge to let go.

In a rage Hinata fought back madly against Ino refusing to allow her to force her to lose control. However Ino was still slowly forcing Hinata’s legs to spread and Hinata felt her bladder muscles begin loosening. Ino could almost taste victory as Hinata's legs continued spreading.

Suddenly Ino stopped her battle with Hinata as a loud roar of laughter was heard from Sakura and Tenten. Ino quickly looked at them wondering if suddenly they had lost control however to her disappointment both girls appeared to be dry. “What on earth is wrong with them?” Ino thought in confusion. Then Sakura still laughing yelled “Hey Ino I think you forgot something over here!” She said pointing in the direction of Ino’s body.

Ino quickly glanced over and immediately froze in shock. Her body was still slumped on the ground however now a large golden puddle was rapidly growing on the ground between her legs. She could see clearly the large stream still shooting through the thin lacy fabric of her thong and running down her thighs adding to the growing puddle. Ino stared at her body in horror as she continued watching herself have an accident. “Without my mind being there to force myself to hold it I lost control.” Ino thought numb from the shock of losing.

Hinata quickly took advantage of Ino’s distraction and forcefully fought to remove Ino’s consciousness and end her jutsu. Ino no longer cared about making Hinata have an accident anymore; however she had no desire to return to her body which was now sitting in a large golden pool of pee. But Hinata had the upper hand and with a small gasp of effort she forced Ino out of her body and was freed from her control.

Ino was sent hurtling back towards her body and as the jutsu ended she sat up quickly blushing bright red. She shuddered as she felt the cold air hit her soaking legs and crotch. She stood and backed away from the mess trying to ignore Sakura and Tenten’s laughter as pee continued to drip down her legs. Suddenly they all heard Tsunade turn on her microphone and immediately went silent. “Ino, unfortunately you have lost control and peed your panties. You have been eliminated from the test. Please remain in the room quietly until the test in over.” Tsunade said.

The girls all watched as Ino quickly went into the furthest corner of the room from her accident and quickly sat down trying to ignore her soaked panties and legs.

Hinata stood desperate and shaking in pain but somehow was still in control as she danced around trying not to add her own puddle to join Ino’s. Sakura and Tenten were no longer laughing as they both felt their desperation growing quickly. Watching Ino wet herself had definitely not helped matters for any of the girls.

Now only Hinata, Sakura, and Tenten remained in the contest, with each girl wondering, who was next?

*016*2013-07-07 10:35

Hello guys at long last I am happy to bring you the third chapter in my little story. Before reading however, I am aware that many of you have been asking for updates for an extremely long time and for that I would like to apologize. Due to time constraints in real life I have simply been unable to dedicate any time to writing. There will be one more final chapter which I hope to have out in a reasonable amount of time though with my shaky history I obviously cannot guarantee this.

As always constructive criticism is greatly appreciated as I know that my writing pales in comparison to some of the fantastic authors on this site and I am always looking to improve. Thanks everyone and I hope you enjoy Chapter 3!

Chapter 3-

The room was silent as the four girls waited, the minutes dragging by slowly for each of them. A red faced Ino remained seated away from the others trying to ignore the cold air wafting across her glistening thighs and soaked panties. Meanwhile Hinata, Sakura, and Tenten remained in the center of the room watching one another carefully for any tricks. Sakura and Tenten were still managing to control their urges fairly well, the only visible signs being nervously tapping their feet, pressing their thighs together, and an occasional look of discomfort in their eyes.

Hinata’s situation had grown dire at this point; Ino’s mental assault had left the poor raven haired kunoichi trembling in agony as her bladder ached for release. Her legs were constantly twisting and turning, her hands buried in between her legs, and her face had erupted into a bright shade of red from strain and embarrassment.

From years of being friends with them Hinata had known from the moment the test had begun that Sakura and Tenten would have an advantage. From long drawn out classes at the ninja academy, day long missions, to even simple girl’s nights out and sleepovers, the two girls had always amazed Hinata with their seemingly endless bladder strength. Unfortunately the young Hyuuga’s shy personality and weak bladder had been known to cause her to get into some rather desperate situations in the past, occasionally resulting in accidents. Her shy bladder struggles were a secret known only to Kurenai Sensei and the other three girls, and they had always done what they could to help her.

She could still remember years ago during their academy days when Ino, Tenten, and Sakura had noticed her standing alone in a corner during recess squirming and grabbing her crotch. It was another day that Hinata had simply been too shy to ask a teacher for permission to go inside to use the restroom and was now on the verge of an accident. To make matters even worse Naruto of all people was approaching her seeming eager to talk to her. With Hinata only moments away from wetting herself in front of her crush the girls had sprung into action to save her. Ino and Tenten had both grabbed Hinata from under her arms and sprinted off into a nearby forest to shield her from view of their classmates as she began losing control. Meanwhile Sakura had jumped in front of Naruto and angrily made up some nonsense about him teasing her about her forehead and then gave him a punch that sent him flying across the grounds and knocked him unconscious before he could see anything.

All four girls had ended up in detention that week, Hinata, Tenten, and Ino for skipping the rest of their classes while they helped Hinata change and Sakura for attacking Naruto. They had always been there to help her and she knew she could never thank them enough. However, Hinata knew that with a promotion to Jonin on the line, Sakura and Tenten were not going to be going easy on her.

As Hinata was lost in her thoughts, her opponents were wasting no time. Sakura gave a small nod to Tenten and in an instant both girls vanished in flashes of light and smoke. “Smoke bombs!” Hinata thought panicked. She had been so preoccupied with her desperation that she hadn’t even noticed that Tsunade had left each girl’s shinobi equipment in the room with them. Hinata glanced around the room trying to be on as high alert as possible with her overfilled bladder as she wondered what Tenten and Sakura were up too. Suddenly she heard Tenten’s voice from directly behind her. Causing Hinata to jump in surprise and release a small spurt into her panties.

“Sorry Hinata but we don’t have a choice; if we want to become Jonin then you’re going to have to lose this contest.” Tenten said.

Then Sakura appeared directly in front of Hinata in an instant.

“Forgive us Hinata; it will be over before you know it.” Sakura said sadly.

Hinata whirled around to put up a feeble defense but Sakura and Tenten to fast as both girls dove forward with hands flying under the poor Hyuuga’s armpits and all her over toned stomach in a relentless tickle assault as Hinata burst out in an uncontrollable fit of giggles.

Hinata was extremely ticklish and as her best friends Sakura and Tenten were well aware of this. The raven haired beauty desperately tried to escape the girls’ wiggling fingers dancing across her half naked body; however, the assault was so intense that she could barely draw a breath let alone fight back. Soon tears were rolling down her face as she laughed hysterically unable to think of anything but the torment the girls were inflicting upon her.

Within a brief span of a couple of minutes Sakura and Tenten had accomplished their mission in true shinobi fashion. The target had been never sensed their approach, they had used the Intel they had gathered to increase their odds of success, and brought down the target without allowing them any time to react.

Hinata’s entire face was flushed and she was still breathing hard as she wiped a few small tears from her eyes. She slowly looked up at the amused expressions of her fellow Kunoichi as a hundred different feelings raced through her. Hinata had literally been unable to stand against the tickle torture the girls had put her through and had instinctively collapsed onto the floor and curled up into a ball. However, this had only made things worse as Sakura and Tenten shifted their focus to her sensitive feet and legs. Then in a matter of seconds Sakura and Tenten had quickly ceased their assault and taken several steps away as loud hissing and splashing accompanied the sound of Hinata’s laughter.

Poor Hinata was in hysterics at this point and hadn’t even noticed when the girls had ceased their tickling or felt the first warm jets of pee flooding into her underwear. Thus the girls had all watched as a laughing Hinata lost all control of her bladder and within seconds her cute lacy purple boy short panties had turned several shades darker as they became thoroughly soaked. Then the hissing grew even louder as the torrent golden liquid poured down her pale legs and pooled around her bottom before spreading across the floor. For well over a minute the girl’s exhausted bladder continued to empty creating a shockingly large golden puddle until the hissing finally ended.

Ino watched this scene unfold open mouthed in surprise and embarrassment as she realized that Hinata’s puddle easily dwarfed her own.

Suddenly the girls all heard a loud click as Tsunade turned on her microphone. “Hinata, unfortunately you have lost control and peed your panties. You have been eliminated from the test; please remain in the room quietly until the other candidates are finished.” Tsunade said. “Sakura and Tenten you are the final two contestants remaining, whichever one of you can maintain control the longest will earn the right to be promoted to the rank of Jonin. Good luck.” Then with another loud click Tsunade was gone.

Hinata was sitting numbly staring down at the catastrophic results of her embarrassing loss of control. She couldn’t believe that she had actually had an accident when she was practically naked in front of her best friends and the Hokage, not to mention that her chance at becoming a Jonin had been lost for who knows how long. As a fresh wave of tears began to fill the poor girl’s eyes, a warm hand gently grabbed her shoulder.

“Hinata that was absolutely amazing, I had no idea you were capable of enduring something like this.” Ino said kindly with a nod towards the pool of pee. “You have no reason to be ashamed Hinata; after all you certainly aren’t alone here.” Ino said with a blush gesturing towards her own soaked panties and wet legs.

Ino’s words were truly a comfort for the embarrassed girl and Hinata couldn’t help but smile as she quickly wiped away her tears as she allowed Ino to help her stand up.

“Thank you Ino.” Hinata said quietly.

“No problem. Now let’s go ahead and get out of the way. It looks like those two aren’t going to be messing around from this point forward.” Ino said glancing towards the final two competitors.

Sakura and Tenten were facing each other directing all of their focus on their opponent and their rapidly filling bladders, as Hinata; shuddering from the all too familiar feeling of wet panties, waddled off towards a dry corner of the room alongside Ino to watch the final stage of the exam unfold.

*019*2013-08-23 22:06

Getting work in on it when I can, unfortunately real life is a bit chaotic at the moment so no estimated date for the conclusion yet. I can say that it's about half way done so far and I believe everyone will enjoy the ending.

Sorry about the delay everyone and thank you for your patience.

