Anything to Confess? - Page 13

Author: Mbgpeelover

*300*2021-11-03 09:12

Chapter 161

Megan

I can’t believe Anthony got me joining in! I’m meant to be the responsible mature adult too! It’s so nice to be having fun though as despite the water being freezing it’s rather refreshing in the late afternoon sun. Anthony has too good an aim though and by the time Liam finally arrives my entire top is drenched and clinging tight to me and I’m so glad to be wearing my swim suit underneath.

Having not seen Liam in person since Sunday I feel a spark, an energy, a draw between us like magnets attracting each other as I catch how he looks at me longingly and admiringly as my hair drips and my mouth smiles. He’s even more handsome than before and I can’t help but want to suddenly make him just as wet as I am. There’s a sweetness, an enticement, a sort of unexpected foreplay I wasn’t expecting as he holds his hand up in surrender. As I squirt him with cold water my own body warns incredibly as I realise once again just how much I adore him. Running into his arms even in front of my brothers feel natural and inevitable and hugging him makes the world seem so wonderful and amazing. My bleeding is almost over and as I notice exactly where I made him wet with the water play I can’t help but feel that familiar sexual excitement as I whisper to him that it looks like he’s had a bit of an accident.

To be honest I completely forgot that he has no access to a toilet at work and when he tells me he is actually aching to piss my body goes into instant overdrive. But this is my brother’s birthday night and there’s children all around us so I’m just about to tell Liam to use the bathroom upstairs when Rory calls my name urgently. I turn to see one of his friends standing awkwardly with a flushed face and an embarrassed look and responsibility takes over as I instinctively encourage all the boys to use our bathroom before I light the candles on the cake. It’s only when I look back at Liam as the boys all rush in that the impact of what I just said dawns on me. With the boys all using the only bathroom my poor desperate boyfriend now has nowhere to go! Trying to think quickly I decide that by the time we have got Chelsea inside the bathroom ought to be free so if he can just hang on a few more minutes…

I prepare Chelsea to be lifted and Liam comes over with his hands open ready to pick her up. That’s when I am horrified to see how dirty his hands are and I worry touching Chelsea in that condition might cause her to become ill or catch an infection, or even just stain her school uniform. I stay with Chelsea to keep her safe as Anthony once again comes to the rescue and gets Yasmin and her high chair both back in the house. I talk to Chelsea about what’s happening next so she isn’t scared as I explain how Liam will carry her into the house and then we’ll sing happy birthday to Rory.

As Liam returns from washing his hands and leans into the chair with his arms open I notice his face first. He’s almost crying, his forehead creased, his eyes glazed in concentration and his cheeks are bright pink. I knew he needed the toilet but I clearly misjudged badly just how urgent it is. I’m exceedingly glad to be wearing a sanitary towel under my swimsuit still as Liam’s words, and the intimacy in which he says them with his head touching mine, cause me to be so turned on I feel my vagina filling with mucus instantly. But I have to help him. My dad and sister could come home any second and there’s no way I want them to meet him for the first time when he just wet himself. I quickly strap Chelsea back in to keep her safe and suggest to Liam that he pisses by the back stairs. Meanwhile I head back in to keep everyone away from the back door, the kitchen window and to give Liam the necessary time he needs to do his business.

I might be taking photos, playing the dutiful host and keeping everything in order on the outside but between my legs, beneath my shorts, my swimming costume and my sanitary towel my body is on fire, swollen, excited and longing for Liam in every way possible.

I get Rory’s cake out the box, the boys all loving that it’s shaped like an Xbox controller and put ten candles on ready imagining Liam peeing just outside near where I am standing and feeling the effect that thought has on my whole body. Just the sheer thought that he’d been so bursting he couldn’t even make it into the house to my toilet sends shivers up my spine as I decide to finally open the back door to check if he’s ok just at the very time he’s standing there carrying Chelsea in his arms. I quickly pull out another dining chair as he sits on it holding Chelsea securely on his knee as I get Anthony to go get Yasmin as I light the candles and sing to Rory just as I hear my dad and sister’s voices coming into the room at the second word and joining in. Rory’s face is beaming from ear to ear as I tell him to hold off blowing the candles to make a wish giving me just enough time to grab my phone and get photos of him blowing out his candles.

The boys, dad and Theresa head into the living room as I take Yasmin from Anthony and stand beside Liam who still has Chelsea on his knee. Checking everyone else is out the room I lean down and kiss my boyfriend on his lips softly then wink at him and thank him, asking quietly over the noise and excitement of my brother opening gifts next door,

“Did you make it?”

“Just! There’s quite a puddle though.”

“As big as the one I made on your bin bag that day behind chapel?”

Liam’s face goes red and his eyes shine as I notice his gaze drops slightly to my still wet top and my very noticeable cleavage then back to my eyes.

“Possibly. I feel so much better now though. You reckon we should join them?”

I look at Yasmin in my arms and Chelsea on his kneee and smile.

“I reckon we are just perfect as we are, don’t you?”

&&

&&

&&

*301*2021-11-03 14:06

Chapter 162

Liam

I’ve never carried a disabled child before, in fact until meeting Megan I’d never even held a baby. Chelsea can’t control her limbs very well so she doesn’t pull her arms around my neck or wrap her legs around my waist at all so I have to be even more careful lifting her and keeping my balance as I go up the concrete back steps into Megan’s kitchen. It’s a bit overwhelming to see so many people in one kitchen having never had one sibling at home when I was young let alone as many as Megan has. Chelsea also weighs much more than Yasmin so I’m very grateful to get to sit on a dining chair with her on my knee. Chelsea doesn’t appear to be fazed at all by the amount of people and she bounces with excitement on my knee as the singing starts as if Happy Birthday is the most exciting song she’s ever heard.

I’m secretly delighted when everyone except Megan goes into the other room as I can’t take my eyes off her sexy body and beautiful face. The connection between us seems stronger than ever and when her lips touch mine my entire body feels alive and on fire. Her wink makes my penis even more erect as the sexual tension between us only increases as she asks if I made it on time moments earlier when I pissed like a fire hydrant at her back stairs. When she happens to mention the time she peed on a bin bag behind St. Mary’s chapel I feel my penis throb with desire as I look at my Megan longingly, full of need for her despite the fact there’s a crowd next door and two young children in our arms. I can’t stop it though. She’s so unbelievably sexy in just shorts and t-shirt and open toes strapped sandals.

Knowing at any point any one of the people next door could walk in on us just seems to add to the thrill as I wrap an arm securely around Chelsea and reach my other hand out to hold Megan’s hand as I gaze up at her and mouth, ‘I love you.’ Her eyes shine as she mouths the same back as we both hear laughter and excitement next door as Rory has presumably just opened another card or gift. Over the talking I think I hear the doorbell go as Megan leaves having obviously heard it too. She returns with the man I recognise from the council who referred me to the food bank. I now know it’s Chelsea’s dad as she kicks her legs and waves her arms excitedly as she sees him.

“Look at you sweetheart! Have you had a good time today? I see you’ve made a lovely new friend already too. I hope you’ve been good for Megan?”

Megan tells him how she’s been wonderful, even showing him some photos on her phone while I continue to hold the excited girl firmly on my knee. She updates him on what she’s had to eat and drink as he looks around anxiously for his daughter’s chair.

“It’s out the back, sitting in the shade. We’ve not long came in as we were all eating and having fun in the garden. Liam kindly lifted Chelsea in for me. I hope that was ok?”

“Perfectly ok. Oh I forgot to give you this. There’s a card there with a voucher in for your brother too. The other one’s for you. We’re going to miss you aren’t we Chelsea.”

He walks towards me as I hand him his daughter as carefully and gently as I can.

“Thank you for taking such good care of her. We really appreciate it.”

I smile, not sure what I am meant to say, while Megan opens the back door to show him out then follows behind him to say goodbye to Chelsea, handing me Yasmin as she passes. Despite being so much younger Yasmin is actually easier to handle, her little legs stretching as she tries standing on my knees looking right at me. Her little blue eyes shine right into mine as I find myself connecting with her in a way that feels even deeper than before. I never expected to ever bond with a baby, especially one that wasn’t mine, but without a second thought I kiss the young child on the forehead and tell her she’s adorable. Megan returns and comes over towards me as it looks like she’s about to take her sister but instead she reaches for a small plastic bag then rushes back out the back panting,

“Oh, I forgot her party bag. Be right back!”

The back door closes and I’m left sitting holding Yasmin alone again as her little fingers touch my cheek and hair as she stands on my knees supported by my hands on her upper body as I allow her to touch and explore however she’s wants. It feels weird that none of the others next door have noticed that neither Megan nor Yasmin are with them and I wonder if it’s just the excitement of the gifts or if this is normal. It feels strange, whatever the reason.

Hoping Megan doesn’t mind I help myself to some nibbles on the table and a plastic cup of juice. I probably should go home now that Chelsea’s gone but until someone takes the baby I feel stuck. I hear Megan’s voice again, this time calling into the living room.

“Oscar, that’s your mam here to collect you. Hold on and I’ll get your party bag. See you Saturday!”

She races in briefly to pick up another small bag as she smiles at me then turns right back out again. It feels similar to picking up litter on the busy A20 as people come and go all around like traffic as Megan calls another name to say there’s someone here for them too. She doesn’t return to the kitchen this time so I assume she took both boys bags the last time. I briefly wonder what’s in the bags, having never been to a party as a child, but Yasmin distracts me as she pulls my hair and then cuddles into me. I’m starting to feel like I really should go now that it’s just the Murphy family left but just then I hear the familiar ring of a phone as I check my pocket to see if it’s mine.

“Rory! I think it’s for you! Guess who?”

I hear the excitement from next door as Megan returns finally as she must see my puzzled look as she tells me that Theresa and the others arranged for mam to FaceTime Rory from the hospital on his birthday. She goes to take Yasmin off me but the child has other ideas as she clings to me like a little monkey as Megan smiles and drops her arms happily.

“Thank you for all your help Liam. I really appreciate it.”

“I should probably be heading home now. Can I see you again before I leave for England?”

“I hope so. I really don’t want you to go.”

I stand up with the baby in my arms and hold my girlfriend close, feeling her breasts against my body as I wipe her damp cheek with my finger.

“I’ll be back soon. Promise. Don’t you want to go join the FaceTime? Won’t your mum want to see you and Yasmin?”

“It’s Rory she wants to see, and Anthony and Theresa and dad. Yasmin and I just make her sick. I wouldn’t do that to Rory. I’d rather keep his birthday happy for him.”

Megan takes the baby from my arms as I see her moist eyes full of pain and hurt. I don’t know what goes on in her family but whatever it is I hate that it’s hurting the woman and child I love more than anyone or anything else.

*303*2021-11-03 17:18

{{2 hours ago, Manowar said:

Holy cow! He finally understood.... Come one man: rescue her from this cage. Maybe golden one, but it is still a cage!!!

}}

Bless Liam, he’s had so much going on in his own life lately he’s not seen what’s been going on for Megan. Maybe that will change? You’ll have to stay tuned tomorrow to see what happens next…

*305*2021-11-04 12:09

Chapter 163

Megan

I feel ever so alone when first Chelsea, then Liam, leaves. I stand at the living room door holding Yasmin as I hear my mam’s voice over my sister’s iPad as Rory shows off his gifts and tells his mam all about his gifts and playing with the water pistols and nerf guns. It’s like I’m here but not here all at the same time as I hear Anthony telling his mam that tomorrow is a dress down day at school because it’s the last day before the school holidays. Part of me feels suddenly angry hearing this wondering why he’s telling his sick mam in hospital who hasn’t been home for over two weeks now but hasn’t told me, the only one getting up in the mornings to get him and his brother ready, making all their meals, doing homework with them and making their packed lunches. I walk away feeling tears behind my eyes but not wanting anyone in my family to see them.

I fill the kettle with water and switch it on hoping a warm cup of tea will wash away all my woes like some sort of magic. Dad pops his head in the doorway smiling as I paste on my best smile for him hoping he can’t see through it.

“Your mam had to go as they brought her dinner in. I’m going to order the pizzas now so I can get up to see your mam tonight. She put on such a brave face for our Rory but I know it will have broken her heart not to be here on his birthday. You know how much she loves all your birthdays.”

‘Yes’, I think as he walks away, ‘all except mine and maybe Yasmin’s’, though to be fair Yasmin has only ever had one so far. I sigh and make my tea before taking Yasmin outside while my tea cools to tidy the water pistols and nerf guns away in a bucket and bring them in.

Yasmin struggles to chew the pizzas when they finally arrive so I end up making her something else and by the time she’s fed and sorted I end up with just a few cold slices myself. The boys go off to explore all Rory’s new things while dad and Theresa both go to visit man because Theresa is spending the weekend in Belfast at a friends while she flat hunts there before starting her new job. Meanwhile I bath Yasmin, wash and dry her hair, feed her some warm milk and settle her for bed and then peel the boys away from Rory’s gifts to get them ready for bed too. I get them to look out their own clothes for school and put away the clean uniform I’d already looked out. Folding shirts into their drawers I’m tempted to ask why neither of them thought to say about the Easter holidays or the dress down day but I’m too tired to be bothered.

I had planned on making myself a final night cap drink then getting an early night, not even wanting to bore Liam with how my evening turned out, but things once again don’t go to plan. Dad and Theresa get home just as I’m washing the last of the dishes from earlier and boiling the kettle for a last cuppa of the day. Both of them walk straight into the kitchen as dad looks at me anxiously.

“I’m glad you’re still up Meg. I really need to talk to you about something.”

I sit down at the dining table as both dad and Theresa make themselves tea too and then join me. The air is thick as no-one says a word while dad pours boiling water into mugs and adds tea bags, sugar and milk while Theresa sits silently across from me staring right at me. Am I in trouble again? Is mam ok? Finally dad hands Theresa a mug and he sits down beside her, both facing me like I’m on some intensive interview I haven’t prepared for. No-one seems to want to say anything and I’m tired, confused and stressed waiting so I take a deep breath and casually ask how mam was.

“She was better than I expected love. That’s the thing I wanted to talk to you about actually. There’s been talk the last day or two of your mam getting home, I think you knew that?” I nod. “Well tonight when we went one of the nurses came and said someone wanted a word with me. Theresa stayed with mam and I was taken to this room with, who was it Theresa?”

“Mr Henry I think they said his name was. Lead psychiatrist for mam’s ward.”

“That’s it. I’m hopeless with names. Anyway he wanted to talk to me about arrangements for your mam getting home. Something about a discharge package and what he feels needs to be in place.”

“You mean community care?”

“Yes Meg. That sort of thing. Your mam is still high risk at the moment but she’s apparently started talking. You know I don’t like people knowing our business and that but he said that this was vital to her recovery and that so I just nodded. He asked me some questions and I answered them without any idea of what he’d say next. It’s just…well they want to put some conditions on mam getting home. For her safety and everyone else’s if you know what I mean.”

“I think so. Kind of like before with keep all meds out her reach, keep sharp objects locked away, not letting her out alone and that?”

“Yes but this time there’s more conditions given what she did.”

“Go on.”

“Well she’s not allowed to be responsible for anyone else. That one was non negotiable. She can’t be left alone with Rory, or Anthony or…”

“Yasmin?”

“No. Actually they want to go even further, hopefully for just a short time until she’s fully better. She needs undisturbed sleep, no responsibilities, no pressure or stress, as little demands on her as possible .”

“So, what are you saying? You want me to look after Yasmin full-time? What about when I have work? Can she be in the house when man’s here or…what are you actually saying dad?”

“Megan, you know as well as I do that mam’s always struggled with Yasmin. Not really interacting with her, drowning her crying out with the radio, leaving her in that jumperoo thingy.”

“I know all that Theresa! It’s not like I’ve been able to disappear out to work all the time and get away from it all like you, have I? It’s not like I’m blind! You actually have no idea the things I’ve had to put up with here when you’re at work. Neither of you have ANY idea of half of what goes on here! Did you know, Theresa, that when the washing machine broke mam threw everyone’s dirty washing out the front door in bin bags bawling at me in front of the entire street to not come back until it was clean and dry all because she couldn’t find her favourite top? Did you know, dad, that when the health visitor last came mam lied to her saying I worked full time and literally chased me out the house telling the woman I was late for work when I was only trying to go upstairs to the toilet! 

I had to wander the streets without even so much as a a jacket or any money in the cold and rain bursting for the loo until the health visitor had gone. You both heard her shouting at me in the church hall at Anthony’s first communion and saw her take the photo without me or Yasmin in. And at the meal before that when she left me to feed Yasmin then embarrassed me by shouting that I was wasting good money not eating my own meal because it had gone cold. It was me left to walk over a mile home carrying Yasmin and getting the boys back and ready for bed for school the next day while you all ate and drank to your hearts content. So no, you don’t need to tell me how mam can’t parent Yasmin. I’m not bloody stupid, even if I didn’t get grades as good as the rest of you.”

I can feel my face red after my rant as I take a long deep breath and drink some tea.

“Your mam is sick Megan.”

I spit my tea out and look at my dad.

“And you think that’s news to me dad?”

“No. But she can’t help it.”

I stand up furious, holding the table to steady my anger as my voice raises exactly like I hate my own parents doing to me, and which I know I’ll need to go to confession about later but yet I still can’t control myself.

“So how come she’s not like that with everyone else? How come Shaun gets treated like the golden boy, Aisling like she’s the flipping Queen of Sheba, the twins like they are untouchable geniuses, you, Theresa, like your some saint or other, and the boys like princes?

Did you even notice that this house is filled with pictures of everyone on the walls yet there’s not one single photo on any wall of me? Did you dad?”

“Your mam was so ill when you were young. You know that Megan. I’ve explained.”

I calm down, let go of the table, stand up straight and look right at my dad.

“No dad. You justified mam’s abuse that’s what you did. And now you’re justifying what exactly? What are you actually saying about Yasmin, your own daughter. Let’s hear it. Say it out loud now. What are you allowing to happen, even making happen, to your own Down syndrome baby?”

“I said it’s only temporary Megan. Just until your mam gets better.”

“Dad say it!”

“She’d be well looked after Megan. Spoiled even. Then maybe when mam feels ready she might be able to come back.”

“Looked after? Maybe when mam feels better? Might be able to come back? Dad listen to yourself. Are you saying you are putting Yasmin into foster care? Giving her to strangers? Handing her to people she doesn’t know, who don’t know her, don’t know her routines or likes or dislikes, taking her away from her family who adore her and giving her away like a piece of rubbish? I’m sorry dad. I can’t let you do that. I will NOT let you take her away. If getting mam home means Yasmin going then I’m going too. And I’ll take Yasmin with me.”

I go to walk away, adrenaline racing through every vein in my body, my anger controlling me, my love for my sister driving me. I look back at my older sister and dad sitting watching my every move.

“In fact I’m leaving tonight. Either one of you can get the boys to school tomorrow and make their packed lunches and be home for them coming in at 3:15. Tell Rory I’ll be back for his friends coming on Saturday because I’ll use that time to pack the rest of Yasmin’s and my stuff. Mam can come home any time she wants after that because her beautiful innocent special baby won’t be here to upset her and neither will I.”

*306*2021-11-04 16:26

Chapter 164

Liam

Walking back to my flat my heart is heavy. My mind just can’t erase the last image of holding Megan in my arms in her kitchen while she held her baby sister, Yasmin gripping at my shirt tightly and Megan’s cheeks damp.

There was something I can’t put my finger on about the way Megan wrapped her hands around me like she needed me, a young woman usually so independent, so organised and so brilliant with Chelsea and Yasmin and her brothers. Why would she need me? I have this flashback in my mind from the day I met her unexpectedly in the library after walking in on her when she was using the toilet when she bent down to clean my mess up and I joked about being paid to pick up other peoples rubbish and she said something about always doing everything for others and not even being thanked. I remember how that stabbed at my heart so much at the time and I thought she might be in some sort of abusive relationship, even to the point of walking around her estate every night listening for signs of anything untoward happening.

Having been in her family home a couple of times now I can’t shift that sense that something isn’t right. The photos of all her siblings except her? The snippets of things she’s said about her mam, and always having Yasmin, and seeing her outside the church on her brother’s first communion walking up and down the side with the buggy alone. My own mum was far from great, drinking way too often and going through boyfriends like others go through cartons of milk, but she always took photos of me, fed me, and took me to school. I never had siblings but I can’t imagine being left to raise them while my mum stayed in bed or having to cook meals for them and all the other stuff Megan does daily. I thought it was just because her mum was in hospital but now it seems a bit more than that. Something doesn’t feel right but all I can do is be there for Megan and maybe one day she might tell me what’s really going on.

I arrive back in my flat to find mail waiting for me. I open them and place them on the coffee table in the living room while I go to see what’s in for dinner. I stick a meal for one from Lidl in the oven and go for a quick shower while it’s cooking. Despite being incredibly horny earlier seeing Megan in her shirts and t-shirt, her top clinging to her curvaceous breasts and even seeing her erect nipples rather obviously through her top, I am now totally relaxed and flaccid after my warm shower as I sit and eat the rather bland meal wondering constantly how Megan is and if she’s ok. I try texting her but she doesn’t reply. 

I reason with myself that she’s probably busy or hasn’t heard her phone and try watching some TV, but I can’t settle properly at all. I turn the TV off and scroll my phone to purchase ferry tickets for England but then just as I go to click purchase my battery dies and I have to plug my phone in to charge. I sigh in frustration and decide to just head to bed with a book and maybe read some more of that Bible the priest gave me on Sunday.

Stripped down to just my trunks I sit up in bed and reach for the Bible that’s sitting on my bedside table. Taking the bookmark out I once again read that Psalm that the priest prayed with me just days ago. So much of it still feels confusing but it never fails to calm my heart somehow. I read on to the next Psalm, number 24, and then the next, stopping and rereading one line in number 25 over and over.

“Relieve the troubles of my heart and flee me from my anguish.”

I say it out loud as if talking to someone in the room who is invisible thinking so much of my girlfriend and her baby sister who I feel attached to a way that tears at my heart. I’m very much in my own world, caught up fully in what I am reading and thinking of when I jump hearing a loud knock at my door. I go to check the time on my phone realising it’s on charge in my living room still. I check my watch instead seeing that it’s after 11pm. Who on earth is chapping my door at this time of night? I shout out, “Who is it?”, squinting to see out the top glass glazed panel and trying to make out who it might be. I feel a draft coming through the letter box as if whoever it is at my door has lifted it up from outside.

“It’s me, Megan. I’ve got Yasmin with me. Please can we come in?”

I call back that I’ll be right there as I race into the living room, grab my keys from the coffee table and unlock my front door to let them in. Seeing Megan standing there holding her sister, the brightly coloured changing bag over her shoulder and another bag for life stuffed full in her other, the baby bleary eyed and Megan’s eyes puffy, red, and full of tears.

I grab the bags off Megan closing the door behind her.

“Please could we stay the night? I don’t know where else to go.” I drop the bags on the living room floor as I notice Megan has tentatively followed behind me. Throwing my arms around them both I kiss them both on the head and hold them tight just as I did a few hours previously in Megan’s family kitchen.

“Of course you can stay. Both of you. For however long you want. What’s happened honey?”

I take the child from her, removing her coat and seeing she’s only in one of those all over baby things that go from their neck to their feet and pop up the front. She cuddles into me, clearly tired, as Megan’s eyes start to fill again.

“How about I put the kettle on. Let me take your coat Megan. You’re safe here now. It’s all ok. Tea?”

“Yes please”

I throw the baby’s tiny coat and Megan’s pink anorak over the back of my armchair as I carry the baby through to my kitchen, turning the light on and filling the kettle. Megan stands in my kitchen doorway, still in her shorts and t-shirt from earlier, as she starts slowly telling me what’s going on.

“Dad and Theresa came back from seeing mam. Some psychiatrist in the hospital spoke to dad and…oh Liam what have I done? I’m made a huge mistake!”

“Megan, tell me, what did the hospital say to your dad?”

“They’re going to send mam home soon. Something about a package of care and conditions of discharge. One of the conditions of mam getting home is that she hasn’t to be responsible for anyone because she’s still too sick. So she can’t care for Yasmin, or Rory, or even Anthony.”

“But you’re doing that anyway from what I’ve seen. And a brilliant job you’ve been doing too. How you organised all that today I’ll never know.”

“That’s not enough though Liam. Mam hasn’t ever looked after Yasmin properly. All my family know that. Mam would leave her in her bouncy chair for hours when she was born, then after we were given her jumperoo she’d leave her in that all day. Yes she’d feed her, and maybe dress her when she felt up to it, but it wasn’t consistent. You couldn’t trust her. But she was clever. She’d fool everyone into thinking she was fine, put on an act for doctors, the health visitor and at chapel. She’d had 8 other kids and looked after them all well so no-one suspected anything. But it was me looking after Yasmin, me feeding her, changing her, dressing her, bathing her, reading to her, taking her places. Then I got a job and mam tried to kill herself and dad and the psychiatrist at the hospital think Yasmin should go into foster care.”

I hear the kettle click while feeling helpless as my girlfriend stands crying, heavy sobs rolling down her cheeks. She steps forwards and takes her sister out of my hands as I pour boiling water into two mugs for tea and carry them through onto the coffee table. I beckon Megan to sit down with the baby but she pauses.

“Is it ok to change her nappy somewhere? I woke her from her sleep and she’d had milk before I put her down so she’ll be wet. I don’t want her lying in a wet nappy.”

“Of course. The floor ok? I can get a clean towel.”

“That would be great.”

I get a towel and come straight back as I kneel beside Megan and watch as she gently lies the baby down, unpops her clothing and undoes her nappy, rolling it and using the fastener to keep it firmly closed as she fishes in the changing bag for a small bag which she puts the used nappy in and ties it closed. Without having to think she raises the baby’s legs and uses a wipe to freshen her then slides a fresh nappy under her as I watch closely trying to see what she’s doing.

“Will you teach me how to do that honey?”

She looks at me, our faces almost touching as I long to kiss her but wonder if the timing is all wrong. Instead I gently wipe her cheeks with my thumb as I watch her eyes shine with so much care, so much love and determination as her hands still hold the baby’s ankles gently.

“You actually want to change her nappy?”

“Yes. It’s what she needs isn’t it? Megan, I care about you and Yasmin. I promise I’ll help you look after her, if you want. I love you so much. It’s so good to have you here. You stay as long as you want and need ok.”

It must have been the right timing after all as she lets go of the baby’s legs, the fresh nappy still unfastened under the baby as our lips meet like they should have done almost two months previously when we both sat on the floor in a similar way in the library toilet while we cleaned up my accident.

It doesn’t matter now though. Right now as we kiss and I hear Yasmin making contented noises on my living room floor all I know is that my anguish has flown and the troubles of my heart are suddenly relieved. My Megan is with me, her baby sister too, and we get to be together all night long.

*309*2021-11-05 08:58

{{5 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I feel bad for Megan, I would be angry too if my family were to tell me that they were going to put my sister, brother or cousin into the foster care system. also would meg's mother be so heartless as to let Yasmin suffer having to be taken from the sister that has taken care of her and loved for so long?

}}

I would be angry and upset too. I guess mental illness affects people’s rational thought and when it comes to a child who will require life long care when you have had 8 other children already it must be quite a burden to bear. She’s clearly been ill for some years and the pregnancy was unexpected. Perhaps there’s even more to the mum’s story than the reader knows too…

The father naively seems to think it won’t be for long but he’s hardly father of the year either…

*311*2021-11-05 09:08

Chapter 165

Megan

Anger and indignation drive me as I immediately begin collecting essentials on my bed: a packet of nappies, wipes, bottles, bibs, plastic spoons and bowls, some baby grows and clothes for Yasmin, some clothes and clean underwear for me, toiletries, a few toys for the baby, and my clutch bag with my phone and purse. I grab the baby change bag and put the bottles, bibs, spoons and bowls in it on top of all that’s already there and find a bag for life to put the rest in while I call a taxi on my mobile and get a coat for Yasmin. I stand at my bedroom window waiting on the cab not wanting to even so much as look at dad or Theresa downstairs. I long to go next door to say goodbye to Rory and Anthony but it’s almost 11pm and they are both sound asleep and have school tomorrow so I daren’t wake them. The thought I won’t be here when they wake breaks my heart as I stare out into the darkness wondering if I am seriously doing the right thing.

Then something inside me stirs as I watch headlights approaching and hear a horn toot. With the baby change bag over my shoulders I leave the bag for life in the hall, go into mam and dad’s room and lift up Yasmin from her cot, making sure to grab her pink cloth as I put the cloth safe in the changing bag, pick up the bag for life and head downstairs and out to the taxi.

Sitting in the back of the car I look up at my family home, the only house I’ve ever lived in, with the living room light on making it look homely and inviting even though, for me, it’s anything but. I give the driver Liam’s address shaking in fear and cold as Yasmin wakes up in my arms disoriented and confused.

“It’s ok sweetheart. Megan’s got you. You’ll be ok.”

She cuddles in a little and I hold her close, as much for my comfort and reassurance as hers. The closer we get to Liam’s the more I start to panic. What if he’s asleep already and he doesn’t hear the door? What if he won’t let us stay? What if he’s angry with me for what I’ve done? The taxi comes to a stop and I struggle to open my purse and pay him what with the half asleep baby in my arms, the bags and the darkness. I put the change in my purse and get out as best I can. As the taxi drives away I step up Liam’s front steps struggling with my hands full trying to knock the door. I carefully put the bag for life down, balancing it between my legs and the door, as I knock the door loudly hoping my boyfriend is in and still awake. The cold air has woken Yasmin up now as she holds her head up and looks right at me. She startles at the voice shouting, “Who is it?” as I lift the letterbox up and call to Liam to say that it’s me with Yasmin.

I bend down to pick up the bag again just as the door opens. Seeing Liam I can feel the tears in my eyes as the reality of what I’ve just done sinks in. I practically beg him to stay the night as he takes the bags from me and closes the door. It’s only when I step into his living room and he holds me tight as I still hold Yasmin in my arms that I suddenly feel safe, warm and able to process all that has happened in the last hour. It’s like waking from a horrible nightmare where for a while you can’t separate reality from imagination. I close my eyes seeing Rory’s little face in the morning when he wakes to find I’ve gone, the terror on Anthony’s face when he realises the enormity of Yasmin gone too and hearing dad and Theresa telling them that I walked out and left them. I can’t stop sobbing in Liam’s arms as he tells me we can stay as long as we want.

Then he takes the baby from me, removes her jacket and mine, in an action that confirms his words that we are staying, and then he does the one thing I really need and want: he goes to make me a cuppa.

He deserves to know the truth. I owe him that much at least as I start pouring out my heart standing in his kitchen doorway as he holds my baby sister like he’s known her forever while he gets mugs ready for the boiling water. It’s not safe for him to pour a hot kettle with a baby in his arms so I take my sister back but keep talking as I watch him make the most perfect cup of tea; no sugar, a dash of milk and caramel brown in colour. I’m hoping Yasmin might cuddle in while we drink and go back to sleep for the rest of the night but if that’s the case I know I’d better freshen her up first. It’s only then I suddenly realise that I forgot the changing mat in my hurry to leave.

Liam is so understanding, so kind, so accommodating, but I don’t expect him to help with my sister’s personal care. No-one else at home ever did, not even her own mam and dad, so why should my boyfriend who has no blood ties to Yasmin? Yet when I lie her on the floor and start the routine that’s all to familiar to both the baby and myself he kneels beside me watching, genuinely interested and keen to help. Having his body so close, hearing his calm caring voice, looking right at him as he tells me he’s willing to care for my Down syndrome sister and that he loves me is like a bulldozer suddenly demolishing every barrier I’ve built around me my entire life. I get a sudden flashback as I close my eyes, seeing Liam on his knees and our faces just as close as they are now at a time when I never even knew his name but yet I still longed to kiss him. I didn’t do it then but I know I have to now.

Dropping the baby’s ankles gently I turn my head and allow our lips to come together in slow motion, treasuring every moment of love between us as our faces meet and join together as my arms raise and draw Liam closer to me. Kneeling on the floor together we hold each other close as we kiss and hug and treasure just being together in a place where we are finally alone, well apart from my baby sister who is now wide awake and lying happily blowing raspberries to herself on Liam’s towel, a fresh nappy under her still waiting to be fastened.

My knees are sore from kneeling and my back is uncomfortable as I finally let Liam go, look down at the baby and laugh.

“We’ll that’s how not to change a nappy! I don’t make a habit of stopping half way through and doing that. Usually I pull these sides in, undo these tabs here and fasten it like so. Thankfully you are patient eh Yasmin. Right let’s pop you back up missy and try getting you back to sleep. Maybe Liam might have some milk you can have. Will we ask him nicely eh?”

I watch as Liam stands up, admiring his attractive body and enjoying seeing him in nothing but his trunks. He winks at me as I pick up the baby and stand up myself.

“You mean I don’t get a kiss like that every time she needs changed? You’ve disappointed me now. But I reckon I can just about manage some milk. How would my youngest guest like it now? A mug, a tumbler or perhaps her favourite bottle?’

I can’t help smiling, properly smiling. The sort of smile that comes right from your toes to your face.. The sort of smile you can only really have when you feel safe, wanted and loved.

*312*2021-11-05 15:59

Chapter 166

Liam

After I warm some milk for the baby we snuggle down together on the two seater couch just like we did the last time Megan was here, the baby in her arms drinking from the bottle and my arm around Megan. It would be cosy and romantic if it wasn’t for the fact Yasmin is clearly unsettled and crying which is making Megan stressed. Mega then stands up, pacing the room with the baby on her shoulder tapping her back as I sit helplessly watching.

“It’s probably because I woke her up. She’s confused I think. I’m really sorry Liam. You don’t have to stay up though. I’ll just lie on the couch with her tonight.”

I look up at my girlfriend glancing at her tea which is starting to get cold on the coffee table as my own mug is already half empty beside it. There’s absolutely no way I am having my girlfriend sleep on my couch while I sleep alone in a double bed. I swallow the rest of my coffee then stand up and offer to take the baby.

“You are not sleeping on the sofa Megan. You hear me? There’s plenty room in the bed for us all.”

Megan hands me the child, her eyes looking tired and tearful.

“I just don’t know if she’ll settle back to sleep though. She’s so out of routine now and it’s all my fault.”

I hold the crying baby on my shoulder just like I saw Megan do but her crying continues. I’m no expert on children or babies, and if I’m honest I’m way out of my comfort zone, but even I can understand why the poor baby is upset and unsettled. I jiggle her up and down knowing full well it won’t help but not sure what else to do and I call over the noise of the baby.

“Have your tea Megan. It’ll get cold otherwise.”

I watch as she sits alone on the two seater chair and drinks her mug of tea, both hands wrapped around the mug. I glance down at the bags on the floor and suddenly remember something from the last time Megan and the baby were at mine. Over the crying I bend down and unzip the baby change bag, holding the baby one handed on my shoulder as I do so. Right at the top is the pink cloth I recall Megan giving to the baby while I held her on her last visit here. 

I also notice a cardigans of Megan’s on the top of the bag for life and I grab that too. Sitting on the armchair opposite Megan, the coats hanging over the back of the chair behind me, I cuddle the baby into my bear chest, wrapping her in Megan’s cardigan like a blanket and handing her the pink cloth. I pick up her bottle and offer her some but she takes a few sips then turns her face away. Putting the bottle back on the coffee table the crying is getting more like a whimper now as I sit back and get comfortable as I hum quietly to try and comfort her.

I haven’t even finished humming the first line when Megan begins singing quietly the all too familiar words that I remember my mum singing to me as a child.

I listen silently to Megan’s husk, emotional voice singing quietly as I instinctively join in an impromptu lullaby duet.

“You are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey. You’ll never know, dear, how much I love you, please don’t take my sunshine away.”

I stroke the baby’s face as we sing the same words again, my voice choking back tears myself at unexpected memories of my mum and the incredible beauty of singing to Yasmin with Megan. My love for both the woman in my flat overwhelms me as I watch the baby in my arms change her whole demeanour from stressed and upset to contented and at peace. I’m just about to sing the chorus through again when I pause to listen to Megan as her eyes are closed, a silent tear running down her cheek and her beautiful angelic voice singing softly.

“The other night dear, while I lay sleeping, I dreamt I held you in my arms. When I awake dear, I was mistaken, so I hung my head and cried.”

Megan opens her water filled eyes and looks right into mine as I join her in singing the chorus another twice as I delicately and lovingly stroke the precious little face in my arms. There’s a silence as our singing stops simultaneously as I gaze down adoringly at the sleeping child in my arms then look at her wonderful incredible sister.

“She’s so beautiful, just like her big sister.”

“I love that song. It gives me goose bumps every time I hear it. I always sing it to Yasmin. She really is my sunshine Liam and I can’t let anyone take her away.”

I gaze at the child again then back to Megan.

“I promise you I won’t let that happen. Was your tea ok?”

“Not as hot as I prefer but that was my fault not yours.”

“Have you had dinner?”

“I had a couple of slices of cold pizza after you left mine earlier.”

How about I put the baby down on my bed and we have some toast and tea before bed? You look exhausted sweetheart.

“Thank you.”

*313*2021-11-06 09:24

Chapter 167

Megan

I can’t believe I forgot the cloth and I never even thought to wrap Yasmin up, and then that song! Of all the tunes in the world and he chose that one! How on earth did he know? I’m choked with emotion singing as the words suddenly take on a whole new meaning after the events of the evening. Plus Liam can sing! His voice sends shivers up my spine as I remember him singing the same song outside chapel to my baby sister while he sheltered me from anyone seeing when I peed on a bin bag. I feel a connection with Liam on a whole new level after singing together, like destiny drawing us, puzzle pieces fitting exactly how they were meant to be.

My tea is lukewarm but my throat is dry from the crying and singing so I drink it anyway, but when Liam offers to make a fresh mug and some warm toast I’m thrilled, the few cold pizza slices from earlier now nothing more than a mere memory. I walk with Liam to his bedroom as my heart skips when I see an open Bible lying face down on his bed. I lift it up and put it on the bedside table as I pull the duvet to the side so that Liam can put my sister safely in the centre of the double bed. He kneels over the bed, lying her down carefully between the pillows and lifting my cardigan away as I cover her again with the duvet. Liam hands me my cardigan which I immediately put on feeling chilly now in just my shorts and t-shirt at the late hour. Liam then reaches out for my hand and leads to his kitchen pulling a dining chair out for me like I’m royalty. I sit down gratefully as he reboils the kettle and pops some bread in the toaster while I huddle under my cardigan to get cosy.

The second cup of tea is even better than the original; perfect temperature, perfect strength and just the right amount of milk. The warm buttered toast feels like the supper of a queen as I bite into several slices in between sips of the tea. Liam sits opposite me watching me drinking his tea and sharing the toast. I feel like we should be talking more but instead we look at each other in a tired, thankful state of contentment. As my tea finally finishes I wonder what the time is as the flat is silent and the curtains and blinds all closed.

“What time is it Liam?”

“20 past midnight.”

“You’ve got work tomorrow. I think we’d both be best trying to get some sleep. Is it ok if I get changed into my nighty? I have one in the bag.”

“Of course. You stay here and I’ll get it for you. What colour is it?”

I yawn. “Light blue. Don’t laugh but it’s got teddies on the front. Rory chose it for me for Christmas one year.”

As I watch Liam go next door to the living room I can’t help admiring his body as he bends down to find my nighty in the bag for life. If I wasn’t so physically and emotionally exhausted I could easily spend the night cuddled into his firm chest, strong hips and muscular legs. As I’m watching his bottom wiggle as he digs in the bag in front of him I find myself wriggling on the chair too as a shiver shakes me quite unexpectedly. I’m not just tired and chilly but suddenly I realise that I really need a wee too, the events of the evening having caused such a surge in my adrenaline that it’s only now I am relaxed that I quite suddenly feel it. I wriggle more on the seat thinking that as soon as Liam hands me my nightdress I’ll go to the bathroom to pee and change into it. As if he reads my very thoughts Liam stands up, turns around and shows me my blue nighty with the teddies on.

“This the one?”

“Yes thanks. Is it ok if I go to your bathroom to get changed?”

“You don’t need to do that gorgeous! I’ll help you get ready here if you’d like? I promise I won’t get up to anything. You look so exhausted my sweetie. Let me help you.”

It doesn’t feel right to turn his offer down even if I do really need to pee so I lift my hands like a small toddler while Liam approaches me and pulls my t-shirt up over my head revealing my swimming costume beneath it still from earlier. It must come as a surprise to Liam as he takes a step back to look at my breasts and chest and stomach as I instinctively cross my legs.

“You ok?”

I’m so tired I simply nod even though it’s not entirely true. I’d be much more ok if I could pee! I unclip my shorts and step out of them as Liam puts his hands out to take them as he folds both the t-shirt and shorts and puts them over one of the dining chairs neatly. Feeling even colder than before and really wanting to use Liam’s toilet I move my hand to between my legs as I jiggle about in Liam’s kitchen. Liam turns and looks at me, his eyes shining and his election obvious in just his trunks.

“God Megan, I had no idea you had your swimming costume on under your clothes! You look…incredible! Oh goodness…you are so beautiful!”

I look at him shyly but appreciatively as I squirm more as my urge to pee continues to increase quickly. I can’t wait for Liam to ogle me in my costume or touch me or anything else that might delay me getting my nighty on and getting to the loo so I decide to ask to use the toilet right away.

“Liam…I really need the loo babe. Can I just go quickly if you don’t mind?”

“Oh lovely, of course you can. Phwoar you really do look a million dollars dressed like that you know! Can I…sorry, I know I said I wouldn’t but then I didn’t know you had on your costume and…oh Megan one day I’ll tell you why seeing you like that drives me so crazy! Can I watch you pee though please? I won’t touch you or anything, just watch. It’s like a dream come true for me you see.”

I squirm openly with a hand between my legs. Right now as long as I can pee I don’t really mind who watches me. I nod and start walking towards the bathroom, Liam following and continuing into the bathroom behind me. I turn ready to sit on the loo, contemplating removing my costume to pee but realising if I do I might wet myself, so instead I sit down and I’m just about to pull the gusset of the costume aside to relax when Liam suddenly kneels down in from of the toilet, touches my knee with one hand and then looks right into my desperate eyes.

“Could…would it be ok if…”

“What do you want honey? You’d better be quick because I’m about to burst.”

“Would you pee through your costume for me, let me feel your pee pee as it’s coming out all warm and wet?”

I don’t reply in words but instead I grab Liam’s arm, sliding in between my legs as I sit on the toilet and almost instantly feel my urethra start leaking as I feel a strong firm hand against my crotch. It feels lovely, sexy even, but different to before as not only is there a swimming costume between my crotch and Liam’s hand but a sanitary towel too. I’ve never been with Liam while I’ve worn one but there’s no time to mention it now as my bladder bursts and my vagina pours out urine everywhere, the sanitary towel quickly becoming wet through and pee seeping out between the sides of my costume all over Liam’s hand, his face glowing and blushing as he feels it all close up.

As I pee on I hear him panting quietly,

“Oh fuck this feels amazing!”, as I whisper down into his ear casually.

“And that’s with having a sanitary towel on to soak some up too.”

“Fuck! I think I’m going to cum in my underwear. Oh fuck!”

I finally feel empty and so much more relaxed, though my boyfriend is anything but as he takes his pee soaked hand out from between my legs, stands up in front of me, and pulling his trunks down he openly masterbates himself with his wet hand as I wipe myself then pull out the drenched towel and squeeze it as Liam’s cum explodes into the toilet between my legs mixed with liquid I squeeze out the towel. As we both clean ourselves and wash our hands, and I step out my wet costume, there’s a satisfied silence between us, a feeling of release we both desperately needed even if neither of us realised it until it was almost too late.

I slip on my nighty as Liam takes my hand, switching off the bathroom light as we leave the room.

“I don’t know about you Megan but I’m definitely ready for bed now.”

“Me too. It still ok to sleep in your bed?”

“There’s no other place I’d let you be tonight Megan. Night honey. I love you so much.”

“I love you too.”

