Anything to Confess? - Page 13

Author: Mbgpeelover

*315*2021-11-06 15:31

Chapter 168

Liam

I can’t believe that less than two hours ago I was reading the Bible in my bed about to go to sleep as lying Yasmin on my bed reminds me where I was just a short time ago. It feels like a lifetime ago rather than just a few hours with all that has happened with Megan tonight, though having her and her baby sister here feels like a dream come true.

Megan looks so exhausted, bless her, as she pulls her cardigan on that Yasmin was wrapped in. As soon as we’ve had some toast and tea I intend to get her tucked up in bed right away. It’s obvious she is badly in need of sleep every bit as much as the baby. Sitting beside her in my kitchen I can’t help but just look at her in wonder, her beautiful brown hair that sits just below her shoulders shining as it sits perfectly curled at the bottom, her shapely legs, her curvaceous breasts and body figure, her beautiful natural face. I’m caught up very much in my own fairytale world when she suggests getting changed into her night clothes for bed. Being a gentleman of course I immediately offer to get the nighty for her, hoping she might let me help her get changed just to be able to see a glimpse of her naked body beneath her clothes. I know she’s way too tired for sex but just seeing her will be more than enough.

As I pull her t-shirt over her head I gasp in disbelief at what she has on under it, her fitted swimming costume truly taking my breath away like I’m in a fantasy made up of all my wildest sexy dreams all at once. I desperately long to touch Megan’s body, to feel the nylon material against her skin, to hug her against me, but I respect her too much to expect sex tonight, even though my penis has other ideas, as always. Then when she casually steps out of her shorts as the bottom half of her costume becomes visible my eyes bulge at the wonder of the sight in front of me. As much as woman’s underwear is lovely nothing, to me anyway, beats seeing a natural woman in a one piece swimming costume as my hormones surge even though I’ve made a promise to my girlfriend that I won’t do anything tonight. But fuck do I fancy her! Oh my word do I want her so much! That body is so deliciously alluring and enticing!

And if that wasn’t enough she quite suddenly asks to use my bathroom, standing crossed legged and clutching herself, sending my entire body into overdrive and making it almost impossible for me to resist her. Dare I ask just one thing even though I said I wouldn’t do anything tonight? I have this sudden unexplainable fear that if I don’t act on the opportunity it might never happen again, and this has been a dream of mine ever since I went swimming with friends at 16 and accidentally came in the cubicle afterwards because when I stood in the communal showers I saw a girl around Megan’s age squirming badly and holding herself and telling her friend that if she didn’t hurry washing her hair she’d pee herself.

That had already turned me on so much I’d had to turn to face the wall to hide my erection but then from behind me I heard the other girl whisper to her friend that she’d once had an accident in her costume because she left it too late but that it didn’t matter as she was wet anyway, though it meant her costume was still warm when she wrapped it in the towel to go home. While the girls giggled I had had to race to get into a cubicle urgently as just imagining a warm wet swimming costume that had been peed in in desperation caused me to cum urgently. Just thinking back and now seeing Megan squirming in front of me makes me almost cum in my underwear as I can’t stop myself from asking if I can feel her warm pee coming through her nylon costume.

I am blown away when she takes my arm and willingly indulges me but letting me feel her private area as warm urine gushes out of her quickly. It feels different to how I imagined it might be, like the nylon gusset is somehow absorbing the liquid as more pee escapes out the sides than the centre, but the mystery is solved when Megan quite suddenly shows me that she has a sanitary towel on. On my fucking God! This girl blows my mind every time. 

She has no idea that the thought of her using one of those to pee into has been another dream of mine for years, having sometimes even tried imagining myself how it might feel to have that sort of protection between your legs knowing you could safely leak without any danger of it showing on your clothing and how I have cum many times imagining a very desperate woman thinking she was safe to leak because she had a sanitary towel on only to realise she couldn’t stop after leaking and flooding the towel and her clothes just like Megan has just inadvertently done for me. It’s impossible to stop my body throbbing, my penis growing, my hormones surging as I slide my extremely hard dick out right in front of Megan and stroke just a few times until I cum quickly, gazing at her in lust as she removes the soaked sanitary towel and wrings it out over the toilet, her legs still spread apart and the gusset of her swimming costume much darker than the rest.

I just hope she doesn’t feel I have betrayed her by doing what I did. Sometimes I just feel my body takes over and my self control alludes me, especially when it involves Megan Murphy. I kiss her lightly on the forehead as we wash hands and I quickly pee before we head to bed, Megan finally stepping out her costume and hanging it over the bath as I get her nighty from the kitchen for her to slip on for bed.

Sliding into the double bed, the sleeping baby between us, I snuggle into the fetal position facing away from Megan, the Bible sitting on my bedside table as I feel my eyes closing quickly and sleep overtaking my body. I worry I might roll onto the baby as my last thought before sleep is like a quiet prayer, ‘don’t let me hurt the baby.’

I don’t stir at all for hours as I briefly turn in a dozed state around 4am as I roll over and gaze at the sleeping girls beside me as I drift back into a contented state of rest until I hear my phone alarm waking me on Friday morning for work.

*316*2021-11-07 08:30

Chapter 169

Megan

I’m so tired that even being in a strange bed with my baby sister beside me I fall into a deep sleep quickly, waking only once as I stumble bleary eyed to the bathroom and check Yasmin is ok before getting quickly back to sleep. I wake with a start hearing an unfamiliar alarm as I temporarily forget where I am. Seeing Liam and Yasmin I rub my eyes as I immediately think of my younger brothers and wonder if they are awake yet at home and if they have noticed that I’m not there and neither is their baby sister.

I wonder if dad has stayed home to get them to school, or if Theresa has, and if either of them has made Rory his packed lunch with the things he likes? Anthony most likely might make his own if he saw I hadn’t done it but Rory, being Rory, would take an empty box to school and not even realise until he opened it at lunch time to find nothing in it. I feel a huge weight of guilt on my shoulders as Liam wakes smiling at me like the cat that got the cream. I sit up in the bed cuddling my legs up to me with my arms wrapped around them wondering wether I have made a big mistake and debating returning home in a taxi so that my younger brothers have all they need for school.

“You ok Megan?”

“Just thinking about my brothers.”

“I thought as much. You didn’t leave them alone though did you? Their dad is there, and their older sister too.”

“I know. But dad has work. So does Theresa. They both leave well before the boys leave for school. What if they forget to make the packet lunches? Or Rory goes without a coat? Or Anthony forgets his bag? Or they don’t get breakfast? I should be there for them Liam. They need me.”

Liam walks around to the side of the bed where I’m sitting resting one leg beside me and steadying himself with his other leg on the floor as he wraps an arm around me.

“They’re ten and what? 12? They are not babies Megan. Besides they are not your responsibility. I know you love them, and you look after them both splendidly, but isn’t it time their dad did a bit more? Or your sister helped out more? What about your other siblings? Do you think they are worried about them this morning?”

“They don’t know though! Shaun will go crazy if he hears I ran away with Yasmin. Aisling too! Niamh and Iain might understand but there’s no point telling them is there? They haven’t been home properly in years now and I don’t see either of them coming back now. Iain said he even had a girlfriend and Niamh only comes back for the family stuff she feels she has to. Theresa is on dad’s side too. Besides she’s moving to Belfast now and the boys are finishing school for the Easter holidays today. Oh Liam! Who will look after them now? What if they get taken into care too?”

“Megan, it’s not your job to be mum to them all. They are older. I was letting myself in from school myself at Anthony’s age, making myself a snack until my mum came in if she was working and putting myself to bed when she worked in a pub for years. Loads of kids do it. And their dad is still home. Can’t he rearrange his shifts or something to be in for them a bit more. They are his sons after all.”

We both turn as Yasmin wakes, turning to look at us both smiling.

“Good morning sweetie. Did you have a good sleep in Liam’s big bed then? You are such a big girl sleeping all night aren’t you?”

I lift her onto my knee facing Liam beside me as he carries on giving me a pep talk.

“Yasmin is different. She genuinely needs you and from what you said she isn’t being looked after by her mum or dad. I’ve yet to see either of them so much as hold her, but from what I could hear on FaceTime yesterday Rory and your mum are close and Anthony sounded like he really misses her too. Yet you said she wouldn’t even want to see you or the baby. That isn’t right Megan. Even I know that’s not how it should be. God, my mum was terrible, what with a constant string on men and drinking way too much, and even abandoning me to go live a new life in Spain, but she did come visit me and she did look after me when I was young. She always wanted to see me and she took loads of photos of me growing up. Ok she kept me as secret from her new husband and kid but I was at least grown up by then. I felt so horrible that time in your living room seeing all the photos of your siblings and yet there wasn’t a single one of you.”

I look at Liam and nod. I know deep down that he’s right but the emotional tie to my brothers runs deep and the sense of responsibility is strong. There’s a moment of silence before Liam stands up suddenly.

“Right. I gotta piss babe so I better go get a shower and get ready for work. That’s if you’re sure you are ok for me to go to work? You will be here when I get back, won’t you? You’re not gonna have me come rescue you like some superhero from TV? I haven’t even got a cape you know!”

I laugh, standing Yasmin on her feet on my knee as her legs straighten and she pulls towards Liam.

“Sorry sweetheart. I’ll need to give you a cuddle in a bit. I’m dying for a pee and need a shower but I’ll give you a good hug before I leave ok?”

As Liam grabs his penis over his trunks I wink up at him.

“So do I get a good hug too?”

“Of course! Be back in a bit. You don’t want to see me piss myself…”

He races out the room then pauses just outside the bedroom doorway, tightly gripping his penis and smiling looking back at me.

“Actually maybe you do darling but we can save that for later perhaps?”

He winks then sprints away as I smile at Yasmin and climb out of bed with her. It’s hard not being with my family but exciting too. Maybe I could get used to living with Liam, at least until I work out where else I could possibly go.

*317*2021-11-07 15:19

Chapter 170

Liam

It’s hard to think about my usual work routine while Megan walks around my flat with nothing but a nighty on knowing that she doesn’t even have any knickers on underneath. I always wake horny and despite ejaculating just before bed I could still very easily have sex again this morning, especially when Megan comes behind me while I’m getting dressed and wraps her warm hands around me and tickles me.

I know she’s worried about her brothers but after talking to her first thing she appears to relax a bit more and I hope at least some of what I said has sunk in. I know exactly how it feels to be abandoned by someone you love and trust but what Megan did is so different to what my mum did. She hasn’t left for another country, in fact she hasn’t even left the same town. She hasn’t uprooted her brothers to an entirely different house, having left them in their own home with their own things, and she didn’t leave them alone either as their dad and older sister are perfectly able to care for them. In my eyes she’s more of a hero than a villain, having taken a very brave and difficult decision to leave home in order to protect and care for her baby sister. I just need her to see that, and right now before I leave for work I need her, more than anything else, to promise me that she’ll be here still when I get home and not get second thoughts and go back to her family.

As I put my work coat on and tie my trainers I start to panic.

“You promise to keep in touch all day? Let me know you are both ok? Do you need money for anything? Food? Anything for the baby? Help yourself to anything at all in the flat. Treat it like your home. I’ll be right back as soon as my shift is over. I get dropped back at the council headquarters around 4:30 then I’ll be straight home.”

Megan is standing in my hall holding her baby sister still in just her nighty as it takes all the self control I can muster to not just stay and hold them both and remain home with them. The baby looks right at me as if she’s about to cry.

“Cone here the both of you. I think I can squeeze in time for one last hug.”

Holding them both is unbelievably special and lovely but it makes leaving so difficult as I kiss them both on the top of their heads and have to haul myself away and close the door before I get too emotional. Realising I have my door key in my pocket still I pull up the letterbox to call through, too afraid to open the door and see them again for fear I definitely won’t leave again.

“Here’s the key if you want to go out. I love you both so much.”

I have to jog all the way to the council headquarters to avoid being late and, unusually, I’m the last to arrive as I see the minibus waiting. I head over to be given my instructions for the day with who I am paired with and what route I am on, my mind struggling to get into work mode as I can’t stop thinking of Megan and Yasmin back in my flat. The van driver steps out the minibus and looks at the sheet calling names and giving us the route numbers. I hear Aidan’s name called along with Asif. Ryan is with Jack and I start to wonder who on earth I am with.

I’m rather startled to hear I am with Rodger, only vaguely recalling him from my training days. We’re also being sent somewhere unfamiliar to me as Rodger looks at me sympathetically as I hear ‘Kilcooley Estate’ mentioned. I am beckoned into the van with Rodger as he tells me on route that he’s, unfortunately, very familiar with where we are going, and that it’s a notorious area known for its loyalist allegiance and public disorder. He goes on to say how he’s never been litter picking in the area and he’s not looking forward to it having spent weeks covering for someone since training in the bulky uplifts team.

“We drove round Kilcooley most days. Terrible place for fly tipping and constant uplifts from abandoned properties. Hope you’ve got your wits about you today mate! I hear you’ve got a week off too! Lucky sod! You got wanes at the school then getting the school holidays off?”

I shake my head not even aware that next week is a school holiday. My mind immediately thinks of Megan and her younger brothers. Will she go back to look after them with school off while I am away in England? I text her to say I’m in the Kilcooley estate just as the minibus pulls into a rough looking street and drops us off.

“You got the mobile Rog? Call if there’s any trouble. Take care! See you back here about ten past 4.”

Megan texts me back as I read her reply before putting my mobile in my coat pocket and starting work. Roger was right about his assessment of the area and by lunch time I’ve filled so many bin bags I run out of bags altogether! Rodger is on his final one too so he takes me to the local shop in the estate, which is actually just an old corrugated building at the end of a row of terraced houses, where he purchases some fags, crisps and two cans of Pepsi and a big bag of revels while I wait outside.

“There’s a small park along here. Might be a bench if it’s not been set on fire. I’ll call the van to get us more bags while we have something to eat. Here, it’s too hot no to have a drink.”

I eat my lunch made from home and drink the can Rodger bought me as I text Megan again while we wait for more bin bags to arrive. Rodger is older and very chatty and he eats, smokes and drinks while he tells me about his own ex wife and older kids that he sees most weekends.

“So if you’ve no got wanes or nought whit you doing wi a week aff next week?”

“I’m going back to England for a bit.”

“Really? You quitting like?”

“No. It’s my aunt’s funeral. Got to sort all her stuff out and that. I’m definitely coming back. Too much keeping me here now.”

“A woman?”

I show him a picture of Megan on my phone.

“Nice. Best of luck mate. Hope it works out and that. Just keep an eye on her mate. I used to work away like. Worst thing I ever did. The Mrs got restless and found herself someone else. You think they’re waiting for you and loyal and stuff but behind your back you’ve no idea what’s going on. If you take my advice it’s don’t leave her alone long. They say it’s us men with wandering eyes but honestly the woman are every bit as bad.”

I gaze at Megan photo suddenly scared at the thought of leaving her to go back to England, not just because she might return home and possibly have her baby sister taken away and be left to do everything for everyone again, but the even worse thought that she might find someone else way better than me in my absence.I text to see if she’s ok and she texts back to say she’s just heading on her way to the charity shop to see Mrs Clements and that she went to chapel to pray, but one comment at the end worries me greatly…

‘Wish I’d thought to get Y’s buggy when I left. My arms are breaking carrying her!’

The minibus arrives with bin bags but I have to text Megan back right away.

‘Please don’t go back home for it! We’ll sort something out.’

I take the bin bag as my mobile beeps again.

‘I won’t. Love you. X’

I stick the bags in my coat pocket feeling my wallet there and remembering suddenly that I still have the cash that the priest gave me in the card with the suit on Sunday! As I walk with Rodger back into the estate I casually ask him if he knows when the bank on the high street shuts.

“5:30 I think.”

“Cheers mate. Just need to pop in after work tonight.”

“No worries.”

*318*2021-11-08 13:07

Chapter 171

Megan

Yasmin cries when Liam leaves and I sort of know how she feels. I’m not used to really being alone and I feel lost without the boys to get to school and a sink of dirty dishes to wash. I find myself praying out loud as I carry Yasmin back into Liam’s kitchen to see what I can find for our breakfasts.

“God please let someone look after Rory and Anthony to make sure they have breakfast and have lunches for school. Please keep them safe and somehow let them know I love them so much. “

Yasmin looks at me at the mention of her brother’s names perhaps wondering where they are. She’s still grizzly from Liam leaving as I struggle holding her while looking in the fridge and cupboards for something to eat. I go into the changing bag and dig out Yasmin’s bowls and plastic spoons really missing the high chair to safely put Yasmin in. I find a plastic jug, a cereal bowl and some milk and finally find a packet of Lidl own brand weetabix. I warm the milk and pour it over the weetabix, mushing it up until it’s soft enough for Yasmin to manage. Sitting at the dining table with Yasmin on my knee I share the weetabix with her and have a glass of fresh fruit juice too.

I dig out some wipes from the baby change bag and wipe Yasmin up before heading with her to the bathroom to figure out how I get us both washed without the baby bath seat from home or anyone else to look after Yasmin while I shower. I opt for running a bath and climb in with Yasmin, choosing not to wash my hair as I need my hands to keep my baby sister safe. I dry and wrap my sister in a towel and lie her on the floor on the bath mat while I quickly dry myself. I hang the towel on the towel rail beside my swimming costume from the night before as I pick up the wrapped baby and hold her to my naked body as I head to find us some clothes in the warm living room.

Lying the baby on the towel, which is still on the floor from when I changed her nappy the night before, I get a clean nappy from the baby change bag and tip out the bag for life to find some clothes for Yasmin too. I choose a warm corduroy burgundy dress with a cream long sleeved top and pattered cream tights to match. Struggling to get them on I notice the tags say 9-12 months and I sigh.

“Oh Yasmin. I think you need some new clothes beautiful. These are getting too small for you aren’t they. I don’t even think you have anything bigger at home. Maybe we can have a wee wander later in the heart foundation shop and see if there’s anything. Mrs Clements would love to see you and that might get us out a walk. What do you think?”

Of course she just looks at me with her dark green eyes and gurgles as I stand her up to pull up the tights that now only just fit. I then lie her back down and get dressed myself, slipping on some underwear, a midi skirt and a t-shirt. I rummage in the kitchen and find a plastic bag and round up the dirty washing from the bathroom, including my costume from last night, and put the bag neatly by the wall. I then start repacking the bag for life again to keep everything together. I’m not sure yet how long we’re staying and I can’t afford to lose anything. Packing the bag of nappies, clothes, packets of wet wipes, and other odds and ends back into the bag I come across my Bible and rosary beads. I pause, feeling them and looking at them as I suddenly have a very strong urge to go to chapel and pray.

Stacking everything away while the baby is safely on the floor rolling around and playing with her own feet I think I hear my mobile in my anorak pocket, which is still hanging over the armchair where Liam left it. It is my phone but it’s only Liam telling me he’s working in a notorious area of town today that I always avoid. I text him back to be careful before looking back in the bag for my phone charger. I plug the phone in to charge then turn the TV on for a bit to amuse Yasmin. Yasmin crawls around exploring for a bit and tries to pull herself up using the coffee table like she did the last time she was here while I have a cuppa then get our coats on and I take a walk to St. Mary’s chapel.

The walk feels so much longer carrying Yasmin and the baby change bag as I avoid the entire Bloomfield estate altogether and head along towards the high street instead. By the time I finally get to chapel it’s mid morning, my arms ache and Yasmin is unsettled and wanting on the floor to move around. I try sitting her on the pew beside me while I pray but it’s impossible to concentrate or pray properly with her wriggling and whining and she could easily fall. I say a few recitals and cross myself and glance up at the crucifixion before picking up the baby and leaving. Even if Father Reilly was around I wouldn’t be able to go to confession with Yasmin with me anyway. I leave disappointed, frustrated and stressed trying to once again carry the big changing bag and a wriggly baby as I head up towards the high street again towards the heart foundation charity shop and back towards Liam’s flat.

I have to stop again when I hear my phone as Liam texts to ask if I am ok. I text back that I’ve been to chapel and that I’m now heading to the charity shop, adding in that I wish I’d thought to get the buggy when I left home last night because carrying Yasmin is so hard going. Liam replies telling me not to go home and I sigh as Yasmin wriggles in my arms again as I text back that I won’t and put my phone back in my pocket.

“Oh Yasmin, what are we going to do? I can’t keep carrying you around like this, can I? I’m not even sure I can buy anything in the charity shop for you even if they have anything because I’m struggling enough carrying you and this changing bag as it is! You might be small but goodness me you get heavy after a while. My poor arms are aching!”

Somehow I muster the strength to go again as I breathlessly push open the charity shop door finally, hearing the familiar ring of the door as I look anxiously around for Mrs Clements.

“Hello? Anyone here?”:

Mrs Clements appears from the back of the shop looking flustered and flushed.

“Oh Megan love! I think you’re my guardian angel today! I was just praying for help too!”

“What’s up?”

“I’m having some morning here all on my own! A lady called yesterday asking if we took baby things and asking if she could drop them off today. I thought it might be perhaps a bin bag of clothes or the usual toys but she came with a full car load of things! I’ve been wiping down and getting it all in the shop all morning but I just can’t fix the pram up at all. I’m long past my days of baby things and it’s all changed since my two were young. You haven’t got a minute to spare to help me have you?”

“If you’re ok to hold Yasmin I can have a look for you.”

“Thank you.”

I hand her the baby and drop the baby change bag behind the till area as I follow Mrs Clements to the back of the shop where there’s a treasure trove of items everywhere and the wheels of a pram set standing in the middle of it all. While Mrs Clements make a fuss of my sister I assemble the entourage of travel accessories that form the child’s travel system in front of me; an expensive set up of matching buggy, carry cot, infant car seat, foot muff, and matching changing bag.

“There you go. The buggy seat clicks on here and then the car seat slides on top like this. The carry cot is interchangeable too. This is some donation though! These things are so expensive Mrs Clements. You’ll get good money for this.”

“The problem is love I just don’t have the room to store it all. I’ve already put the Moses basket, baby bouncing seat, swing seat and high chair all into the shop and I just don’t have the storage back here for all of this too.”

She looks at Yasmin in her arms smiling.

“It wouldn’t be any use to this little precious one would it? I mean I know you have a buggy but are you sure you couldn’t make use of this?”

I feel the tears in my eyes as I look at the beautiful travel system which is in immaculate condition.

“I can’t afford it though.”

“I can’t sell it if I can’t get it in the shop can I? You’d be doing me a favour.”

I run over and hug my dear old friend thanking her out loud and praying a thank you to God too as I sit Yasmin in the car seat on the top and strap her in.

“I’ll get her a blanket love. She looks tired.”

“Actually Mrs Clements I was wondering if you had any baby girls clothes too. Age 12-18 months ideally. I can pay for those if you have any.”

“Oh gracious dear…I have loads of those you can choose from! Come have a wee look.”

I leave the shop pushing my sleeping sister in the most wonderful buggy ever that I didn’t even pay for with a whole bag of new clothes for her too, and even a new changing bag to match, all stuffed in the large storage area under the buggy along side the old changing bag I was struggling to carry all morning.

I can’t wait for Liam to get home to show him as I bump the buggy up the stairs outside and let Yasmin carry on napping lying comfy in the car seat all strapped in safely while I park the buggy in Liam’s hall. I go to text Liam but my phone needs charged again so I plug it in while I get myself something to eat and drink thinking once again of my brothers at school and hoping someone thought to make their packed lunches up for them.

*319*2021-11-08 18:51

Chapter 172

Liam

I pause mid afternoon, as does Rodger, while I drink my water that I brought with me and he has a fag break. We’ve not even covered half of the huge estate but yet again we are both fast running out of bags.

“They should have sent more than two of us here. It would have been much safer too. Don’t be covering this place in winter or school holidays by the way Liam. I could tell you so many stories you’d never believe!”

“You got mates living here then?”

“Not exactly mates. More just lads I went to school with like. This area feeds into Bangor Academy. Same as most of Bangor. Used to be all Protestant here you know. That’s what all the artwork is on the gable ends of the houses. You take your life in your hands here if you so much as set foot in a chapel.”

“Really?”

“Seriously! You never been taught Irish history?”

“I only just moved from England two months ago.”

“That explains a lot! What brought you to Bangor then?”

“Truthfully? I just needed away from England. My mate Gareth suggested here. His cousin lives here and he’d visited a few times as a kid. I found a cheap flat and just got the ferry over.”

“Any regrets?”

“Just not saying goodbye to my aunt. I lived with her ever since I was 14. Kind of saying a final goodbye to her on Monday I guess but it’s not the same is it?”

“True. Right I guess we’d better get our last hour or so over with and get outa here. This place gives me the creeps.”

I nod, putting my empty bottle in my bin bag and resuming work, though my mind is on so much more than litter as I hope I get home to find Megan and Yasmin still there. I need to speak to Megan tonight. I want to ask her if she’ll come with me back to England for the funeral and to sort out my aunt’s affairs. Yasmin too. At least I know then she can’t return to her family and Yasmin won’t be taken into foster care. Just the very thought of that makes me feel sick to my stomach.

By the time my shift is finished and I’m waiting with Rodger to get picked up I have that all too familiar feeling in my crotch, the tingling that always occurs by this point, and often even earlier, during every shift. Rodger has gone quiet too as I check my watch and see it’s only just gone 4pm.

“You ok Rodger?”

“I will be when I get back to headquarters. It’s a bit embarrassing like, but I really need a slash. I’m no’ used to this all day crap without a toilet. With the bulk uplifts you were back and forth to the dump and you could at least use the toilet there if you really needed to. This little picking stuff though, God it’s like torture being out all day and you can’t even have a piss! What do you normally do like? You just go in the bushes or what?”

“I think most of the others do try to find places they can go. I’m starting to find places on some of the shifts too, shops, the library and that, but the housing estates are the worst like this. I could really use a bathroom myself too.”

He looks at me tapping his leg.

“You know I said that they’d kill someone here if you even so much as stepped into a chapel? Well you know what, they could actually kill me if they wanted cos see if there was a bloody chapel right here and it had a bog I could use I wouldn’t even bloody care about the bloody Protestant Catholic divide, I’d use it anyway!”

I nod, knowing exactly how he feels but equally as keen to get back to the high street in time to get to the bank to pay the money in I was given on Sunday so that I can purchase tickets for the ferry back to England. Regardless how desperate my bladder is that’s not negotiable if I want to be back in England in time for the funeral.

Rodger is anything but quiet on the journey back to the council headquarters as he rants loudly to the driver about how disgraceful it is to not have access to a toilet all day. He can’t sit still at all and while my legs are tightly crossed too I force my body to keep holding on as the minute I get off the bus I need to rush to the bank before I can get back home. Every time I have been to the bank so far though they have held me back ages so I pray silently that this will be the first visit I can get straight in and out. Maybe, just maybe, if I can do that I might just manage to keep my clothes dry until I can pee in my own flat.

If only dear old Rodger would shut up about how desperate he is. His constant talking about it isn’t helping me one bit!

*320*2021-11-09 10:18

Chapter 173

Megan

Having somewhere to put the baby down is so helpful as I can now safely pee, wash my hands, cook and eat whilst knowing my sister is sleeping somewhere where she is safe. After the time I laid her on the sofa at home and she rolled off I am paranoid about her falling or hurting herself anywhere. It breaks my heart when she’s upset and hurt.

I wash up the lunch dishes and then sort through all the things from the charity shop, folding everything neatly and adding the clothes into the bag for life that is now bulging against the wall. I then sit on the floor turning out the bright changing bag that mam bought when Rory was a baby remembering suddenly how she told dad one day that it had to be as bright as possible because the world was now bright and wonderful with God giving her another baby, the one that would complete the family.

“The more babies you have the less people make a fuss of them so I want it to stand out. I want everyone to notice my last baby. I want him seen because he’s so wanted and special to me.”

Now, ten years later, the colours have faded and the pockets are ripped and it feels another sad reflection of Yasmin’s life that her own mam couldn’t even get a new changing bag for her new baby even though the one she had was over 9 years old, faded and torn inside. Tipping the contents out I realise just what a state the old bag is truly in as the inside lining is ripped, dirty and smelly. Right at the bottom there’s bibs that no longer fit Yasmin, one that even reads ‘my first Christmas’ which I am sure I bought, cartons of first stage ready to drink baby milk that are out of date, bottles that haven’t been cleaned out properly, dirty plastic spoons, first size nappies that Yasmin outgrew over six months ago and other rubbish that I think might have even been there from when Rory was a baby.

As I go to bin everything that’s rubbish I stand over Liam’s kitchen bin pressing the lid to open with my foot as I suddenly have another flashback that upsets me. As I drop in things that are dirty, too small now or broken a tiny newborn bib floats into the rubbish as I remember when I was still at primary school seeing mam breast feeding first Anthony and then two years later Rory. I suddenly realise that Yasmin was never fed like that, always having formula and often being fed by me rather than her mam. I let the bin lid close on everything then get the beautiful new black and gold changing bag that matches the buggy and set about finally getting Yasmin her own bag with everything she needs in. It seems truly symbolic when I finally squash the old bag and squeeze it into the kitchen bin just as I hear Yasmin waking up.

Looking in Liam’s kitchen cupboard’s I find enough things to make some simple pancakes for Yasmin for lunch and enough milk, just, to get her a drink. The fridge is sparse though, and the freezer too, as I try to think ahead for the next meal. After getting Yasmin fed, freshened up and cleaned up I decide to head back out to see if I can buy anything cheap for dinner later. It’s tricky getting the buggy down the front steps, but doable, as I head in the direction of Lidl to get a few essentials. I put the bag of things at the bottom of the buggy, and checking the time on my phone, I decide to walk to St Christopher’s school to catch my brother’s coming out and check they are ok.

I stand around the corner a bit away from the crowds knowing the boys will have to walk past me to get home. As I see them both approaching me I smile seeing them in their own clothes and looking well. Rory sees me first, running up to me and hugging me.

“Hi Meg! Guess what! I got star of the week for maths! I never get anything for maths!”

“Oh Rory! That’s brilliant! I’m so proud of you! Did you get lunch ok?”

“Yes! Ant made it for me. I told Callum and Oscar about tomorrow too! You are coming aren’t you? They both loved yesterday loads!”

“Coming where?”

“Laser Tag of course! With Shaun and Lilly. Callum and Oscar are both coming too. Didn’t you book it? Oh I am so excited I can’t wait!”

I look confused and Anthony must notice as he looks at me shrugging his shoulders.

“I didn’t know about it until this morning either. I thought they were just coming over to play like yesterday. Dad went to work late this morning. He said you’d gone to see a friend and taken Yasmin but you’d be back tomorrow. I thought it might be Liam but didn’t say anything. He gave me the spare key to get in but said he’d be home as soon as he could. He said this morning that Theresa is going to treat us all to take away for dinner tonight as she’s going away for the weekend to Belfast and moving there soon. Dad asked me to make the packed lunches as he was on the phone to Shaun.”

My mind is whirling with everything. I’ve been worrying all day if the boys were ok and if they had packed lunches and everything and not only are they ok but it sounds like they haven’t even missed me! Clearly dad wasn’t as keen on Rory’s friends coming over as he let on and he’s cleverly come up with a solution that I suspect has as much to do with Shaun and Lilly wanting to look like the heroes again to my younger brothers. It wouldn’t surprise me if they suddenly take them both to ‘fun’ places in the holidays too, all the time creating the impression that they are ‘helping’ but continually making the boys think they are amazing and I am rubbish, always buying their loyalty and affection like money is all that matters in life. Suddenly the idea of going back home makes me feel ill as I hug Rory again, tell them both to have a super time at laser tag and that I’ll see them soon.

I don’t quite know when that will be right now but I don’t want either of them to know that as I wander in the complete opposite direction away from them towards Liam’s flat pushing Yasmin in her new buggy with tears in my eyes.

*321*2021-11-09 21:48

Chapter 174

Liam

When the minibus finally drops us at the fountain outside the headquarters I see Rodger race into the building out the corner of my eye as I walk promptly towards the high street and the bank, very eager to get the cash paid in and then get back home to see Megan and Yasmin and use my toilet. The bank initially seems quite empty as I join the queue with just one customer in front of me. With two cashiers serving I move subtly from foot to foot trying to keep my bladder at bay but mindful of the fact that not only are there others around but there’s cameras watching me too. As I reach the front of the queue I can feel my body getting more restless as I tap my foot and fidget nervously. I must look suspiciously fidgety as I see a member of staff walk right up to me asking if they can help me. I explain that I just want to pay cash in and she leads me to an ATM machine in a corner.

“Have you used a machine to pay in before sir?”

“No.”

“It’s very simple and self explanatory really. Just put your card in, type your PIN in then follow the directions for paying in. I’ll just be around here if you need me.”

I cross my legs in front of the machine and put my card in, typing my PIN in and trying to read the options. Trying to concentrate whilst bursting for a pee isn’t easy as I uncross my legs and bounce on the soles of my feet squeezing my muscles tightly and biting my lip. I notice an option for pay in and press it then press the one for cash and feed the notes in. As the screen then asks me to confirm the amount I press one leg close against the other and lean forwards awkwardly as my urgent need to piss seems to increase by the second. Somehow I manage to confirm the amount but then it asks if I want a receipt. I have to recross my legs again knowing full well that the female staff member is watching me closely and that it’s blatantly obvious that I really need the toilet. I press for a receipt unable to even stand still at all as I take it from the machine and turn to run out.

“Sir, you forgot your card. Sir?”

I turn back, red faced, as I process what’s been said and quickly return towards the machine where the staff member has kindly taken my card out before it was swallowed back in as she hands it to me.

“Happens more than you’d think. Especially when someone is distracted by other things.”

She winks at me as my face reddens even more and I know instantly that my urgency to urinate is extremely obvious to her yet there’s nothing I can do about it. I quickly thank her and sprint out carrying my litter picker in my hand and slipping my bank card into my deep jacket pocket with the other as I anxiously hasten home towards Victoria Street and my bathroom before my muscles give out and I have an accident. My mind is hyper focused as I pay little attention to anyone around me knowing even the slightest delay could prove fatal for my body.

Standing on my own doorstep at last I automatically put my hand in my pocket for the key, momentarily forgetting that I posted it through to Megan this morning and that she should be inside waiting for me. The thought of seeing her thrills me and even though I’m sure seeing me bursting will turn her on I’m not sure I can face any further delay in reaching the bathroom so I half hope that she’s busy with Yasmin so that I can get to piss right away. I grab my crotch feeling some pee escape as I push the front door open and start hobbling down the hall, only vaguely aware of a buggy of some sort parked in my hallway as I pass.

“It’s just me love.”

I can smell something cooking but I can’t even focus on what it could be as I anxiously grab my anatomy even tighter through my jeans with one hand as I reach down to start unzipping with the other just as I see Megan standing watching me holding Yasmin in her hands at the living room doorway.

“You look rather desperate there?”

“I’ll be right with you, promise. Gotta go so so bad. Oh God…”

I just about make out her beautiful smile out the corner of my eye as I hobble towards my bathroom, unzip and fire, just making it and no more, the bathroom door wide open and my pissing sounding loud and glorious as I wonder if Megan is listening from just outside the room. I actually feel a little disappointed when I leave and find her in the kitchen stirring something in a pot on the cooker that smells amazing with the baby in her arms.

“Sorry about that honey. I had to go for hours and couldn’t wait another second.” I walk towards her and kiss her cheek as I put my hands out to take the baby.

“That smells amazing! How has your day been?”

“I have so much to tell you Liam. Hope you like chilli? How about I tell you about my day and you can tell me about yours? I’d love to hear, especially the bit about holding your pee for hours and how you couldn’t wait another second.”

Megan winks and smiles at me sexily as she dishes up two portions of rice and chilli and puts a small amount in a toddler’s plastic bowl. I look at her from behind as I sit down on a dining chair holding her sister on my knee as she dishes up the food, admiring her lovely brown hair, her shapely back, her firm bottom and imagining her bare legs under her flowing midi skirt. It’s amazing to have my girlfriend finally staying with me and I already know that before the night is done I will be showing her just how much I love her and want her. Just thinking that my long desperation at work and in the bank and the walk home might turn her on thrills me and makes my dick thick and erect and desperate again, though this time not because I want to piss badly but because I want to explode with something else from the exact same place!

Seeing more of Megan just seems to make me hornier than ever as I make a mental note in my mind to remind myself to buy ferry tickets for tomorrow before I get so caught up in hormones that it gets forgotten again.

*323*2021-11-10 09:35

Chapter 175

Megan

Getting back to the flat I decide to leave the buggy at the bottom of the stairs as I put the brakes on and carry the bag of food in first. Sitting it quickly in the hall I then hump the buggy backwards up the stairs and put the food away before unstrapping Yasmin and taking her coat off. I watch her crawl and roll about the floor while I put the food away then I sit and play with her for a bit before I start cooking.

Not having a high chair to sit Yasmin safely in while I cook makes everything so much harder as I hope Liam doesn’t mind me using his pots and utensils without asking. He did say to make myself at home though as once again I think about my younger brothers and hope they are ok alone until dad or Theresa get home for them. I can feel my anger building again as I stir the mince for the chilli and measure out rice as I think about the boys going to laser tag tomorrow instead of Rory’s friends just coming around to play like I arranged. It feels, once again, that whatever I do for my family is never ever good enough. I want to scream after everything I did to make yesterday lovely for Rory. 

It’s like the nerf gun and water fight, food and cake and presents all count for nothing as one lousy trip to laser tag suddenly makes Shaun and Lilly brother and sister in law of the year! I can’t help thinking who exactly will bath the boys, do the laundry, cook the meals and do all the housework, and all the other mundane everyday things that get taken for granted by my family? Are they just assuming I’ll come back and all will be forgotten? Assuming Theresa finds somewhere to move to in Belfast, and mam gets out of hospital, who exactly will watch over mam all day and see to the boys while they are off school for two weeks? My dad, Mr workaholic of the year, can’t even cook a pizza without burning it so I dread to think how things will be during the next two weeks school holidays.

My thoughts are rudely interrupted when I hear the handle of the front door turning and I turn the hobs down to go and see who it is. Seeing Liam clambering in, bent forwards and holding his dick through his jeans is a sight to see and immediately my thoughts do an about turn and I remember Liam telling me how he always arrives home from work absolutely desperate for a pee because he rarely has anywhere to go at work all day. Realising this would most definitely be the case in a rough estate like the Kilcooley where he told me he’s been all day, my mild can only imagine how his body must feel.

But regardless how exciting it is to see Liam in that state, how much it sends my heart racing, I can’t afford for the dinner to burn and I absolutely can’t act on my desires with Yasmin crawling around near a hot cooker! By the time Liam comes into the kitchen tea is ready and I’m delighted when he takes Yasmin from me to allow me to dish up. I’m actually secretly relieved to be facing away from him as the image of him coming in grasping between his leg with his face flushed and all tense is making my nipples harden in my bra and the lips of my vagina swell and warm. Even with everything that’s happened today all my mind currently wants to think about is a snapshot of my boyfriend almost wetting himself!

Sitting down to eat doesn't in any way calm things either as Liam continues to hold the baby meaning I have to lean extremely close to him to get small spoons of dinner into Yasmin’s mouth. Getting a whiff of his body smell with every spoonful I give the baby only seems to increase my physical desire for Liam and his constant praise for the basic meal just intensifies things yet again. I try to keep things calm telling him about my morning at the chapel and then struggling to carry Yasmin and having to stop because the baby and the huge changing bag were too heavy to carry.

I then tell him all about popping in to see Mrs Clements in the charity shop and how I had only went in to see if there was any clothes for Yasmin as her age 9-12 months things are finally getting snug. In between mouthfuls for myself and bending down to feed my sister on his knee I tell him about the huge donations of baby stuff to the charity shop, helping Mrs Clements to build the travel system and then how she insisted I take it for Yasmin.

“Ah I wondered what that was in the hallway! It looks brand new!”

I’m busy going on about the matching changing bag and how much rubbish was in the old one and how I’ve thrown it out and put everything in the new one as I see Liam smiling at me warmly as I once again give Yasmin another spoonful of food. Although she’s loving it she’s also keen to get down from Liam’s knee and I have a great difficulty reaching her mouth. As she looks to the floor I end up getting off my seat and kneeling down to reach the baby, my body now kneeling right between Liam’s legs as he opens his legs a bit more to let me get room. 

After finally getting more food in Yasmin’s mouth I look up to see Liam looking right down at me, his eyes sparkling with desire and his mouth parted as if he’s about to kiss me as he moves the child slightly on his knee and my eyes catch something right in my eye line. I’m now right on the floor kneeling between my boyfriend’s legs as I realise I need support to get back up. I lift my right arm up, resting it on Liam’s upper thigh, as I recognise what I am feeling instantly as our eyes meet again. Leaning down I push against Liam’s body to haul myself up as my breasts rub off Liam’s stomach and chest as I stand back up. Still holding the baby securely one handed Liam wraps his other arm around my waist pulling me in until I am now sitting on his thigh on top of where I just felt his hard penis.

He leans towards me as our lips meet, our mouths tasting the chilli from each other’s teeth and tongues as what starts as a casual kiss quickly develops into a full passionate deep embrace as I hear and feel Yasmin behind me squirming to get away. Liam eventually has to concede to her wriggling as he pulls away from me looking down at my baby sister.

“I think someone’s had enough now.”

I can’t help smiling as I take the baby from him and carry her into the living room, placing her gently on the floor. I turn back to Liam, who is now standing in the doorway finishing his glass of water, as I gaze up at his rugged physique and gorgeous eyes.

“She might have had enough but I’ve not”, I giggle as he turns back into the kitchen to put his glass down before returning to the living room and joining me on the floor as he starts playing with the baby blowing raspberries at her feet playfully and laughing. I stretch my legs out to get comfortable as Liam rolls onto his side alternating between gazing at me and playing with the baby.

“So Liam. I think it’s your turn to tell me about your day. I’m especially interested in how you ended up coming home in the state you did. From what I heard from in here you must have been needing that pee for quite some time.”

“Oh Megan! Believe me honey I definitely was!”

*324*2021-11-10 12:19

{{5 hours ago, YellowTides said:

I just wanted to chime in here and tell you what an amazing story you’ve created! I’m not usually a super frequent visitor to this site, but I’ve been coming back to this thread every day for a week or so just trying to catch up and I’ve finally finished. Wow!! This is an amazing tale, not just from an omo perspective (although those parts are amazing as well!). I’ve laughed, I’ve cried more than I’d like to admit. This is a truly touching story on so many levels. I could read about Megan and Liam and Yasmin forever! Please don’t stop writing, I’d gladly read as much as you continue to write for us. Thank you so much for creating this. Do you write professionally, because I seriously think you could!?! This is my favorite thing I’ve read on any medium in quite a while. I’m in awe and eagerly awaiting the next chapters!

}}

Thank you so much. I do actually write professionally but not novels. I am so thrilled that someone is enjoying reading this as much as I am enjoying writing it. When I first set out I had no idea it would be this long but I feel I am living Liam and Megan and Yasmin and many of the other characters too. There’s so much still to unfold yet so please keep reading. Your comment has made my day and inspired me to keep writing.

&&

&&

&&

