Cho Chang's Fifth Year

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-06-16 13:13

Alright, yeah, I'm jumping on the bandwagon, people. But I'm telling a different story. This is the Cho Chang girl, but there will be some obvious differences. I don't believe that the books said for sure, but they did hint that she had been at Hogwarts from the first year, however, I've made her a transfer student. Secondly, I'm I may have gotten her friend's name wrong, but basically, this story is through the eyes of Cho Chang.

There are going to be some wetting senarios both boys and girls. Mostly, of course, as you can imagine, I prefer to write about the girls doing it, however, as everyone likes Harry wet, or those that have stories about him do, and because it is Harry Potter afterall, I'm going to have a few with her remembering his younger years like that. I'm also going to have her do it a few times, and when some things happen during the story, a student here and there will be wet.

I haven't successfully written an HP fanfic yet, so I'm not sure how well this will go. I did try one with Hermoine and Snape, but it was a flop. I just didn't get Snape's personality very well, and Hermoine is too strong in character, and I made her way too weak in the story thus it died. I am hoping I might be able to come back as a strong writer as I did have about three good ones that got over a 1000 views in the past, and I'm aiming to try to get that again.

I think the Special University has a fatal flaw in it, so It's basically over with. I am not sure about the One Fifth Grade girl's life yet, and I know that Lion Bird was not very well written, and so while I decide on how to improve it, I am thinking I'll spend a little while doing this one. Please let me know after chapter three, if it's worth continuing to read. I'm sure the first chapter doesn't have enough in it to make up your minds yet.

Cho’s Chang’s Sixth Year:

Ishigreen

Since her third year, the Asian had been in England as a transfer student from American. Her father was American and her mother was Asian. She had raven black hair that hung to her shoulders, and she had seen more than her parents would ever know a teen could see at one school for they really didn’t know that she was going to a witch’s school. Yes, she was what they called a mudblood, though she really didn’t care about the terms.

Ms. Cho Chang, a Ravenclaw beauty looked up at the professor that was to teach Defense Against the dark arts with a little bit of rebellion and a little bit of exasperation as the shrilly voiced heavy set toad-face explained that just knowing the theory would be enough to pass any exams in this subject. How could they possibly completely understand a spell if they were not to see it actually used?

Cho sighed as she looked to her best friend, Mariella. They had had several girl talks about Harry, about school, about Harry, about the dark he who must not be named, about Harry, and about Harry. Cho really was sorry the year before when she agreed to go with Cedric to the dance instead of with Harry, and now, it was even worse because she still liked Harry, and yet, if she dated him, what would everyone think?

“Turn your books to page three and start reading. There is no need for wands,” the professor had instructed the students.

Cho closed her eyes as she imagined Harry last year, coming up from the second task, not only taking with him, his prisoner to be rescued which was Ron, but also the foreign girl. He had been so dreamy and heroic. He had a notion of what was right, and he was a good person. Cedric was a little smarter than Harry, granted, but then again, two years can make a difference in how you grow and how mature you are. He had, after all, been even called chivalrous by the headmaster, so in some small way, it was the right thing to do.

The one point she really had a clear image of, was the first task though. Harry had had on his school robes and the excitement of the games made it impossible for most of the others to see, but Cho had secretly been watching him, and there was something about being chivalrous that sometimes got Harry into situations where he had to make difficult situations. Sometimes, even with his bladder pending, she had seen him give up his place in line, help a younger student, and overall, just continue to be a decent person.

More than one time, she had seen him hopping from foot to foot, but she had been out of sight so that he wouldn’t see her because she figured it might embarrass him, and the last thing she wanted to do, was to embarrass him because she had liked him since she had seen him.

“Ten minutes,” the toad-like teacher, Professor Umbridge called in her shrill voice over the quite page turning. “Keep your books open and your minds attentive to your lesson until you hear the bell.”

Cho rolled her eyes mentally as she red over the chapter on vampires. Was this woman really for real? She was like a bad comic from the funny papers personaged to life and acting very much as if she had not left the funnies. She looked down at her lap.

“Cho,” Mariella whispered to her. “I don’t really think we should go to that meeting you were talking about.”

“Why not? You do want to find out for yourself if Cedric had died by accident as the papers say, or if he had really met the dark man, don’t you?”

“No. You are the one that is interested in that, and that’s just because you were fresh on him.”

“It’s not just that. I’ve told you, already, I believe what Dumbledore and Harry had told us before at the end of the year, and not only that, but I think we are going to fail our OWLs if continue to just study like this. This teacher isn’t teaching us anything!”

“Whatever. I’ll go with you, but I won’t like it.”

Cho smiled at her long since starting Hogwarts friend. “If you really don’t want to be there, because of,” she cut off the snide remark she was thinking because she thought she had seen the professor look her way. “Well, I am not going to force you to come, you know. I just thought, I’d like someone I trusted with me while I thought about whether it was a good idea or not.”

“I’ll come,” she gave in as the bell rang. “Just don’t expect me to sign up for anything.”

“I won’t.”

The girls started to walk to their dormitories really excited that the next day would be the day they would go to Hogsmead, and they would be able to find out some answers from Harry, spend some luxurious time together, and basically take it easy for once.

*001*2012-06-16 23:35

Okay, so this story does not yet have much wetting, but I promise to get there. I am setting up who Cho Chang is in my mind, and who her 'SNEAK' friend is. I do promise that Cho will have a few accidents, as well as some of the various students including Harry.

Please tell me about the mistakes you find if you've read the books. I'm sure I have Cho's friend's name not quite right, but I can't remember exactly waht it was, and I can't find my copy of the fifth year book. also comment if you think something should have been explained in more detail from Cho's point of view, or if something was not quite in character. Thank you.

Meeting in Hogsmead:

Mariella walked along side of Cho still giving comments of protest as they walked along. “You know that Professor Umbridge is going to put a stop to this, don’t you? She’s scary, and I don’t know about you, but I personally don’t want her following me around because she thinks I’m up to no good.”

“Look, Mariella, we are just going to see what this is about. If you don’t like it, then you don’t have to commit to anything, and I’m not even sure I want to commit to anything yet. I just want to know what really happened to Cedric, and I want to know how they plan to have us learn the spells for DA for our OWLs.”

“You like Harry,” Mariella looked Cho in the eye. “You are really going so you can meet him, and maybe get together with him.”

“I am not,” she blushed. Okay, maybe she was sweet on Harry, but it would be wrong to go out with Harry, especially right now, because Harry had won last year, and Cedric had been killed last year. She was not trying to do anything about her feelings with Harry, but how to put all this into words that Mariella could understand? That girl was so thick sometimes.

“Look Mariella, just go back to the dorms or go some other place, and I’ll meet you later. You don’t have to come.”

Mariella looked down. “I already promised I’d come and be with you. I know that really, you are a little scared, and you want someone that you trust with you.”

“If you want to come, then stop complaining,” Cho smiled at her. “I don’t want to hear another word about it, other than you’ve changed your mind, okay?”

Mariella nodded and then pointed out Honey Dukes. “We do have time to go there before the meeting, don’t we?”

“Yeah, I think we do. Let’s do that. It’s really cold out here.”

“Yeah.”

The two girls wound their way through the sweetshop. Soon the sweets and bustling people had Mariella so involved that she had finally seemed to drop what a bad idea meeting up with Hermoine and Harry would be.

Before they knew it, it was time to go to the Hog’s Head, a notorious place where students normally didn’t bother going. Mariella looked up at the forbidding sign of the slice off head of a Hog and at the adult like door that stood before them, and she gulped. Cho also stood there wondering why they had to meet in a place like this, of all places. She carefully pushed the door open and peeked in, ready for an angry adult to tell her to go back to the children’s shops, but to her surprise, not only did anyone tell her not to go, but she saw already a small crowd around Harry’s table.

The two girls baby stepped nervously towards the long table and took a seat shyly as far from the main attraction as they could. Cho felt her cheeks catch a small glowing spark of warmth, and she wondered if anyone noticed that she was blushing, but it seemed that they were all looking at Harry.

Hermoine stood up, and people curiously turned from Harry to Hermoine. They glanced back, Cho included wondering why she was speaking rather than Harry, but it soon became apparent that this was HER idea, not Harry’s.

“We have the most horrible Defense Against the Dark Arts Teacher since starting here, and we have OWLs coming,” Hermoine started.

“Wait,” Justin spoke out. “Before we discuss that, we want to know what happened last year in the maze.”

“Dumbledore already told you,” Hermoine casted a worried look at Harry who suddenly stood up.

“Look, Dumbledore told you what happened. If you don’t believe him, then what makes you think you can believe me?”

“You were the one that was with Cedric when it happened,” the boy retorted. “We want to hear it from you.”

“Voldemort killed him! He is back, and he simply murdered him even before he had a chance to defend himself.”

“Says you,” Justin started to say.

“Look,” Harry looked in the boy’s eyes. “Voldemort is back. If you are all here just to talk about Voldemort, then I’m leaving. I’ve said all I care to say about it to Dumbledore and to a couple of people from the Ministry for Magic. I don’t want to relive it.”

Cho realized that Harry now had a fierce energy in his eyes, but they were also glistening with tears, and his left hand was nervously tapping his leg of his robe. She had not come here to berate Harry, but she did kind of wonder why Harry had come back, and not Cedric.

“Cho,” Mariella whispered to her friend. “I don’t know, but it looks like everyone is about to burst into a fight here.”

“You can leave if you want,” Cho whispered back.

“No, I’ll stay, but can we maybe go to the girl’s room, and then come back when everyone has calmed down?”

“No. I want to see how this plays out.”

“Look,” Hermoine called everyone to order as Harry took a seat again feeling outraged at everyone. He knew that this was the real reason so many people turned up, and he thought it was stupid of Hermoine not to realize it. She was the smart one, after all. “Harry is not going to give a blow by blow account of what happened. The purpose of this meeting, is to establish who wants to really learn their Defense Against the Dark Arts, and to agree to meeting place.”

“I don’t know,” Mariella whispered to Cho. “I think they want us to sign something,” at which point Hermoine brought out a petition looking scroll.

“I would like everyone to write their names down so we can have a record of our first meeting, and also so we can know who to contact once we have a place set up for our meetings.”

Cho looked up at Hermoine and the paper suspiciously. She knew that Hermoine was clever enough, that the girl would figure out a way to contact everyone. Mariella also didn’t put that past her, which caused her to squirm in her seat.

Cho looked over the paper carefully to see that everyone so far, had signed it though some reluctantly, and with a small resigned sigh, she wrote her name. Mariella was also convinced that they were really doing nothing illegal, just trying to pass their OWL in Defense Against the Dark Arts, so she signed her name under Cho’s. Still, she didn’t feel much easier about it.

Everyone started to get up and walked out of the Hog’s head once the paper was signed, but Cho remained for a moment longer, wanting to say hi to Harry at the very least. Mariella stood up, but then looked back at Cho who sat.

“Go ahead,” Cho encouraged her. “I just want to say hi to Harry.”

Mariella shook her head and proceeded out of the door to the Hog’s Head.

Finally, it was only Cho, Hermoine, Ron and Harry left. Cho stood up, her hands shaking a little bit. Hermoine seemed to whisper something to Ron, and pulled him by the arm and they exited out the door.

“Harry?” Cho felt a little embarrassed, but she was also a little excited at seeing Harry alone for the first time since the last year when he had asked her to the dance.

“Hey Cho,” Harry was just as nervous. He was nervous for a different reason as well, which his Robe kept hidden, but at the moment, Cho was only thinking and looking at him for his intelligence. “Do you think that Umbridge is going to find out?”

“Well, that’s why Hermoine called the first meeting here. We aren’t breaking school rules, but with the way that… er… professor is changing stuff, I wouldn’t put it past her to try to make a rule about gathering students.”

“Yeah,” Cho whispered. “Well, I’m glad you are alright. I’m really looking forward to your first lesson.”

Cho looked down blushing, and that’s when she saw, a part of Harry’s robe had come open further down his leg, and she saw a wet pantleg and a small puddle under him. She wasn’t sure when it had happened, but it caused her to get an uneasy feeling, and she looked up at him.

“Well, I’ll see you around, okay?”

Harry nodded his head, hoping she had not noticed what had happened when he became so outraged and excited about the talk of Cedric. The last thing he needed was for the girl he really had a crush on to know that something so emotional and upsetting could cause this, and he wasn’t sure if she would tell her friends, though she seemed quite sweet.

Cho walked away though she had a strong desire to reach up and kiss his cheek. Mariella stood outside the doorway as Cho came out.

“You wanted to kiss him,” Mariella accused her.

“So what if I did? I didn’t, did I?”

Mariella smiled. “Well, I don’t know about him. He might have defeated the Dark guy, but he doesn’t seem to have the nerves to do it. You know, he who mustn’t be named is very powerful and Harry is only a child. It’s hard to believe that he had escaped alive when so many others had died or lost their minds to that maniac. How do we really know the three of them were not making the whole story up just to make Harry seem more interesting?”

“Just drop it, Mariella. You didn’t have to sign the paper, but you did. Either you want to come and learn from Harry, or you don’t. If you think they are lying about him, then don’t come to the class, okay?”

Mariella nodded and they trudged through the snow towards the castle.

*004*2012-06-17 06:09

{{:

Cho is actually in the year above Harry (however the films kinda blur the line, making it confusing for the audience). Cedric is actually two years above Harry (one above Cho), however it doesn't really matter but now you know! Cho's friend is Marietta - you were close with that one ;) Story wise it is interesting, a few spelling/grammatical errors but nothing crazy. Will be interesting to see where you take it from here

}}

Thanks to Pantiburaun for the corrections. So that my audience is not confused, Marietta is the girl I had meant when I said Mariella, and from now on, I'll write Marietta. I am now trying to figure out how to make these things make sense, but I am finding that my mind is jumping around here and there, so if you find the story a little choppy, I'm sorry. I am trying to sort it all out.

Here is a very wild use of legimens against Harry that might make you laugh, or it may just make you think... what the heck just happened? Eitherway, you are free to let me know what you thought when you read it, and anything else you have on your mind.

Nights for Cho Chang:

That night, with the curtains closed about her bed, Cho Chang laid back her tight yellow nightshirt hugged her curves down to her waist where some lavender briefs covered her privates. She closed her eyes for a second to think about the first time she had seen Harry coming down the aisle towards the sorting hat.

Yes, she had fanaticized about him, even before meeting him in real life, though she had never known what he looked like before that day. She could remember just thinking what kind of sadness the boy went through, and wondered how he dealt with not having parents or how he lived through the fear that any day, some mysterious strange who he had never even met, might come to take his life.

Cho brought her legs up and held the bottom of her panties thinking how cute he would be as a small child, maybe lying in a wet bed because the that had taken everything from him had somehow come back, and loomed over him causing him to lose control and pee uncontrollably in his pants as he lay there waiting for him to kill the helpless boy. She wondered what she might do if the dark man had loomed outside her bed ready to strike.

“Poor Harry,” Cho had thought to herself. “If I were old enough, I’d take care of you, child,” she thought to herself as she started to let her bum drop again to the mattress and curl warmly into the bed sheets. “Harry, I know they wrote a lot of ugly things about you last year, but even if half of it is true, I can understand why you’d want the attention. You’ve never had a real family, have you?”

Whispering to herself, she went to sleep. Of course, she knew nothing about Harry’s uncle and aunt, and only had her own imagination to dream up what she thought Harry might be like outside of classes, but to her, it was as real as the boy that came down to the dining hall.

That night, Cho slipped into the shadowy depths of a dream, and she found herself floating through some mysterious fog until she came to Number Four Privet Drive. Outside the house, a large family sized car was parked. It was not something that was cheap or something owned by the poor. Cho shook her head. She knew it was a dream as she couldn’t imagine Harry living in a place like this, but still, she proceeded through the front door.

The Entry hall had stairs that went directly up from the front door, and to the left was the sitting room while to the right was the kitchen. The dining room and kitchen were extremely clean with a television in the dining room? Well, that is one way to avoid bringing food into your sitting room, she supposed.

She had almost missed it, but there, under the stair, there was a small door. Cho opened it, and she saw a small sleeping child. He had to be a third or maybe fourth grader at this time, and she knew for sure it was a dream. But strange, she had had to move a latch to open it, which meant Harry couldn’t leave when he wanted to. She pulled back the blankets carefully from the sleeping child, and saw that his bedding was ringed with ugly yellow stains, and presently, he had a puddle under him that didn’t seem to disturb his sleep.

Was that wishful thinking? She wondered. Cho closed the door, and she walked quietly up the stairs to see what kind of people Harry might live with, even if it was a dream. There was a hall of doors up there. She crept close to the first door, and she realized once again, there was a latch outside the door.

Peeking in, she saw a sleeping older Harry. This Harry had been one she had known. He was probably either a second year or a third year student here. She crept to his bed and pulled back his sheets to find once again yellow stains on not only his bedsheets, but his underpants. This made her shake her head. The poor boy she dreamed about was very unhappy in his life, but yet, somewhere from deep within, he showed a brave smile to the world.

Cho slipped out of the room, and she started to the next door, which also had a latch on it. Okay, this was a dream. It was obvious she was not going to find the people that took care of Harry during the summers, but maybe she would dream about what he was like at home. Maybe he would wake up and come down for breakfast or something while she investigated.

“No! You will NOT see that!” she suddenly heard Harry’s voice shout, and Cho woke up in her own bed. She looked around in the dark, wondering why she had heard Harry scream at her. He wouldn’t be in the Ravenclaw dorms, let alone in the girl’s rooms. It was more than likely only her imagination of what Harry might be like, but something very Harry-like had awakened her.

Cho peeked out of the heavy curtains that surrounded her bed, and saw that the sun had not even started to filter into the windows yet. She wondered how long she had been asleep, but most of all, she wondered why she had such a vivid dream, where she actually felt Harry’s presences and heard him kick her out of her own dream. What was this magic, that her mind had done to her?

She pulled her head back into the curtains, and then she realized what else she had done! All around where she had been sleeping, there was a yellow tinted pool of water that was slowly seeping into the mattress! Her hands went up to her face as it caught fire! She had wet the bed for the first time in what? At least six years! She could never explain this if her roommates found out, and she wondered what she was going to do to hide it. Her panties were soaked, her night shirt was soaked, and her bed had a huge lake in it! Everyone would know!

Cho suddenly felt stinging warm tears pricking at her eyes as she sat there wondering what she was going to do. Then, a faint pop was heard as a girl house elf appeared in her lake of pee.

“Why is the beautiful young miss crying?” the creature asked its eyes bright and its feet playfully kicking at the puddle as if it were no big deal.

Cho’s jaw dropped as she looked down at the creature with a Hogwarts’ towel hung about her shoulders like a dress. “What the? Are you one of those, house elves?” she gaped at the creature.

“I is,” the elf nodded enthusiastically while it looked up at the young teenage girl. “I is come to make you feel better as we house elves is hearing you cry and thinks we mights be some help to you.”

“This mess,” Cho explained waving at what she had done. “Everyone will know what I did!”

The house elf shook her head slowly. “I is seeing no mess, miss,” she explained, and even as the house elf had said it, Cho saw the puddle disappearing into nothing, and she started to feel her panties getting drier and drier until she looked down to see nothing but a pair of clean purple panties where she had seen sopping wet ones before.

“You is welcome, miss,” the house elf smiled before popping out of existence.

Cho rubbed her arms, gave her right one a twist with her left hand, and tried to decide what parts had been a dream and what parts had been real, but there was no mistaken the feeling that her privates felt dirty. She had wet the bed in her sleep, and that meant someone had come to clean her up.

Cho laid back in bed knowing that going to take a shower at this time of night would just get her and her house into some trouble that she didn’t need. Her mind wondered to Harry, thinking about when she first saw him sit on the stool shaking as the hat debated what house to place him in. She didn’t know how many people remembered it, but there was a definite puddle on the floor around him when he had stood, but when she looked back wondering where the next person would sit, she remembered the puddle having disappeared. Had that been the work of house elves as well? She had thought maybe her overactive imagination just wanted to see Harry wet, and that he really had not, and that’s why it wasn’t a problem, but what if a house elf had actually cleaned it up, and he had really done it?

Cho started to think a bit more about Harry as she lay back in her dry comfortable bed.

Then, she thought about Cedric, who had died. The death of Cedric was often on her mind these days, and as she thought about him, and about what they had said at the meeting, she started to sniffle yet again. She mumbled to herself. She had decided, that for Cedric, she would do this. She would learn from Harry, because whatever had kept Harry alive, it would have kept Cedric alive, and she knew that Cedric would have wanted her to do it.

“I’ll do it,” she whispered to the ghost of Cedric though she didn’t know if he really could hear her or not. “But Cedric?” she continued. “Are you jealous? Am I supposed to avoid Harry because he is younger than me anyway? Am I supposed to hate him for coming back alive? What do you want me to do, Cedric?”

A faint crying from her bed had the effect of causing four other young girls to wake up and to start whispering about her again.

“Poor Cho,” one of the girls had started again. Cho thought that they didn’t realize she was listening, but she didn’t want to interrupt them because she was trying to find an answer from Cedric. The moment she were to give away her privacy, would be the moment she knew that Cedric would yet again, not come or answer.

“She really is in a mess. You know, Cedric is gone, and we all know she likes Harry. She should just let him ask her out or something!”

“You know she won’t do that,” Marietta replied. “She feels that she owes Cedric some time before she goes on pursuit of others, but you know, I would love nothing more than for her to forget Cedric and to get out of this depression she has herself in.”

“Do you think she’s wet the bed again?” one of the girls asked through the darkness.

Cho heard them, and a sudden feeling of shame and embarrassment rose. She couldn’t remember ever doing it before today! How could they know of it? She jerked the curtains open.

“Who says I pee the bed?” she asked her eye furious with tears. “I am too old to do that, and I never have done it!” she yelled looking from girl to girl in the dark room. She couldn’t see them clearly, but she knew them each so well, that as she looked their direction, she could imagine what each one would be like.

“No… no one,” Marietta finally answered her question after a few moments.

“You are talking about me,” Cho continued to start around at them. “If you are spreading rumors that I pee the bed or something, I swear, I’ll get even with everyone in this room! I have never wet the bed, well, at least since starting Hogwarts!”

“We know,” Marietta tried to appease her. “But Cho?”

“What?”

“Yesterday, a house elf was seen climbing out of your bunk with a pair of wet panties that we assumed she took off of you.”

“You were dreaming,” Cho said tears threatening to spill down her face.

“All of us?” another girl had asked.

Cho closed her curtains and started to cry yet again.

The next morning, Cho found that everyone in her room had let her sleep in, as they often did when they had caught her crying. She opened the curtains to find only one other person in the room, and this person, Marietta, was quietly reading on her bed.

“Marietta?” Cho looked over sheepishly at her. “How much was I dreaming last night? We you four really awake gossiping about me?”

“Yeah,” Marietta replied in a low apologetic voice. “We know you miss Cedric, but you have to get on with your life, Cho. Cedric wouldn’t want you to waste your life crying about him when others were trying to show you interest. You know that, don’t you?”

“I’m not talking about that,” Cho stopped Marietta. “I mean, did a house elf, really….” And she stopped. She didn’t want to say it, just in case it had only been a dream.

“You mean, did a house elf really take your wet panties from you the night before?” Marietta asked in a still lower voice.

Cho nodded.

“You didn’t even know you had wet the bed?” Marietta asked her.

“I didn’t feel anything. I wonder how she got them off of me without my noticing.”

“Probably magic,” Marietta offered. “Anyway, the only gossiping we’ve been doing around the school, is that Harry likes you, and we think you should stop moping about Cedric and talk to Harry sometime.”

“Do the others know you are still hanging out with me?”

“Of course they do. Why would that change, Cho?”

“Because, if it’s true that I… that you know, well, how many friends do I have now?”

“That’s silly, Marietta. People don’t stop being your friend because you have some problem or because you did something a little strange.”

“I thought….”

“You were wrong. I am not petty like that, Cho. None of the other girls have said anything about it to anyone else as we assumed you just had a hard day, and probably didn’t even realize what had happened.”

Cho smiled sheepishly at Marietta. “I think Harry is stupid for trying to start this club of his, especially after the new rules about every organization having to report to Professor Umbridge, but that doesn’t mean I think you should avoid him. You like him, Cho. You need to give him a chance, and try to talk to him, at least to see if you want to date him or not.”

“Alright, I promise that I will,” Cho looked down at the blankets. “Would you keep a really embarrassing secret even from the other three?”

“Of course I will. You mean more to me at this school than anyone else.”

“I wet the bed again last night, only I caught it when I woke up, and the house elf came again. It was the first time I noticed it though. I didn’t know about the day before.”

“Well, I won’t tell anyone, I promise. Can you tell me why you think you had wet?”

Cho blushed and shook her head. “I don’t know exactly why, and I’m too embarrassed to tell you what I suspect might be a reason. There is no way to know if that was it for sure anyway.”

“Suit yourself, but if you have a problem like that, please talk to me about it. We are best friends, okay?”

Cho nodded and smiled.

“Want to get something to eat?”

“What I really want is a shower. I feel really gross because of what happened last night.”

“Okay.”

Cho walked to the bathroom with some clean clothes and she started to turn on some of the faucets with red, violet, and pink water. No one else was in the bath at that time because probably they had already taken on earlier, if they are morning bathers, and she figured it must have been closer to noon at that time. She laid back in the foam and let her mind wonder back to when she caught a glimpse of Harry exiting Snape’s class for the first time during Harry’s first year.

She thought hard, and felt quite sure that his pants had been wet, and she remembered thinking that that professor would drive most to do it. She knew that she had actually wet in his class a few times her first year with him. He was really scary for little kids, but now, it was laughable that she thought he was that scary.

After a relaxing bath, and a few more daydreams about her favorite boy, she climbed out of the water and dried herself completely before putting on pink and white poke-a-dot panties with matching bra and her school clothes.

Cho walked into Professor Umbridge’s class a few minutes late, and she sat down.

“Ms. Chang! Detention!”

Cho already knew that was coming. She shrugged it off and started to read the Monday afternoon lesson. She wondered as she read the lesson, when Hermoine and Harry would actually contact them for the first lesson. The more she read in this dry book and really realized how ridiculous it would be to understand these spells by only hear say, the more the wanted Harry to start the lessons.

*005*2012-06-17 11:19

Yeah, it is very soon for an update, but I promise, this is the last one for my day. It is now 8:15 p.m., and I was just thinking too much about the pretty Cho Chang, and thought I wanted to write abou ther again. Again, you might notice something strange between the book and the chapter, and I did correct the fact that Cho is supposed to be one year ahead of Harry. So the title should be Cho's Sixth year, but I don't believe I can change it now.

If something feels rushed, please tell me. If you think something was completely out of character, please tell me. Even though I might not be able to help writing some parts out of character, I do want to try to stay in character for most of hte characters. Cho is the only one I'm intending to write my way.

A Wet Cho Chang

Halloween was approaching as Professor Snape stood in front of the class with directions written on the board, not for a potion, but rather for some crafty bit of magic that Cho had only ever read about. She didn’t even think they were allowed to learn these spells at school.

“You will find that if you do not close your mind to your enemies, they will be able to find out what drives you, and gives you motivation to continue. With that, they can change your life, and you will be at their mercy.”

Snape walked to the front of the class keeping his back to the students. His greasy hair was slick and in place from his back, and Cho wondered what he might be doing at that very moment.

“Many of you in this room have minds as open as the books on your desks. It would be rather easy for someone like me to get inside your heads and find out all your secrets, and this is something that Dumbledore wishes to protect you from.”

Snape suddenly stopped talking, and he flicked at the blackboard revealing a potion of truth. At that very moment, a certain fat woman entered the door with a big smile.

“Carry on, Professor. I’m just doing my job as high inquisitor to Hogwarts.”

“Yes, I dare say you are,” his voice was very calm though his eyes narrowed at her interruption of an important lesson which was one as close to the dark arts as he was going to be allowed to teach.

“This potion,” he returned to the students looking directly at them with his hands folded in front of him. “…is as powerful as anything you might come across. It is devilishly tricky to get right, and it can destroy a life if you use it to do so.”

“Excuse me, a question if I may,” the woman spoke up.

“Didn’t you get all you wanted from me when you observed my first years’ lesson?”

“I am so sorry, Professor Snape, but I wonder if it is very well for the students at this age group to learn such a potion as this one.”

“It is among the many ministry approved potions that six years are not only allowed, but encouraged to learn,” he smiled at her his eyes glaring at her as if he were holding daggers.

“I will research this for myself of course, but do you really think that students should be learning this kind of thing?”

“I think that anything that the ministry approves of, is safe enough for students to work on. If it were a concern, someone in the ministry would change it, and until that time that such a thing happens, I will teach what the ministry things the students should know.”

“I see,” the fat woman bit her lip. “Continue then and pretend I’m not here.”

Cho saw that Professor Snape had turned back to the blackboard, tapping on it not showing Umbridge his face for at least several minutes, and she guessed that it was probably the feeling he had for her that was not unshared by most of the other professors.

Right away, she dug into her bag and started to prepare the potion that was on the board. It was quite tricky. She wondered if the professor had had any real ulterior reason to teach them this particular lesson.

Suddenly, Professor Snape did something that Cho thought he would never do unless Dumbledore himself asked him to do so. “Students, I think perhaps Professor Umbridge is correct after all. Dump your pots, sit there and take notes about the effects and the process for making a truth drought. There was a sudden smirk in his eyes as if he knew something that gave him an edge by following what Professor Umbridge had asked of him.

Cho glared back at the girlish woman thinking how much a crone she was, first ruining Defense of Dark Arts and now ruining their potions’ class. She was glad that McGonaggal was not so worried about what she did, that she would continue to teach in her regular way.

“Oh, Harry,” Cho found herself thinking as she opened her potions book to read. “Hurry up and start that Defense Against the Dark Arts class. This teacher is making everything mundane!”

Professor Snape curled his lip as he walked by Cho. “Keep your mind on your reading,” he said in a low voice.

Cho jumped as he walked by her commenting on what she was thinking as though he was reading her mind. Maybe he was. There was definitely a different atmosphere in the room the moment he had had to go back to potions rather than what he had written at the start of class on the blackboard.

“I heard Professor Snape is an accomplished Legilmens,” one of the students from her house whispered when he had walked towards the front of the room. “I wouldn’t put it past him to read our thoughts as he walked by each of us.”

“I’m sure he probably does,” Marietta spoke up. “But as that is the case, shouldn’t we get to work on reading than get caught talking?”

Cho was walking from the potions class back towards her dorms when she was suddenly approached by Ginny.

“Lessons will be tonight.”

Cho smiled. “Thank you. You are um… Jenny?”

“Ginny,” she corrected her.

“You know Harry, don’t you?”

“Well, he’s my brother’s best mate, yeah.”

“I can’t wait to see what Harry decides to teach us first.”

And with that, Cho ran off to her dorms to drop off her books. She wanted some supper and she hoped to get out of Professor Gonaggal’s detention before the meeting time.

As it was, when she came in, and everything was explained, Professor McGonnagal shook her head. “I know it’s hard, Cho, but we can’t let the past stop us from progressing, now can we?”

“No ma’am.”

“I don’t want to hear you’ve overslept again unless you are sick, alright?”

“Yes ma’am.”

“You are free to go.”

Cho looked at her for a moment the realization that she had been dismissed from detention had not yet set in.

“What’s wrong, Cho? Did you not hear me? You are free to go.”

“Yes ma’am.”

Cho and Marietta started to walk back towards that hall with the statue, and they waited for another student who was to come to make sure it wasn’t some trick. Indeed, when the door opened, Cho saw Harry inside, and she smiled.

“Come on, Marietta. They’re in there.”

Marietta nodded and walked in with her best friend. She wondered if Harry was nervous to be the teacher for the first time, but the way he stood up there bravely and seemed to know what he was talking about, she doubted it.

“Harry really is a good teacher,” she whispered to Marietta. “I bet he teaches us something really cool.”

“I don’t know,” Marietta looked doubtful. “He’s younger than we are.”

“Is he really?” Cho now realized that it was true that he was in the year behind them, but she didn’t let that stop her thinking he put his words as elegantly as did any of the other professors.

“It’s only what you know, and what you have in your gut that can save you,” she heard him say. He had really fought the dark man, and he knew what he was talking about.

“We need to practice the shield charm first off,” Harry had told them.

“Shield?” many of the people in the room snickered. “I thought you were going to teach us something more advanced.”

“Look,” Harry told them. “I’m telling you the things that have helped me the most. If you think you know better, you are free to leave and have the evening to do with what you will.”

Cho thought that the shield charm was a very basic spell, but she also had to admit that she wasn’t very good at it. When Harry had been walking around between the many students, he had observed that many of them were not performing the shield just right. He walked back to the front, Cho watching carefully as he did so.

“Look, people, you have to take this serious, if you want to learn it. The shield may seem easy, but it has a very precise method to it, that when you know what it is, you will find that not only can you get it up sooner, and not only will the shield be stronger if it is correct, but it might actually make a difference between life and death.”

Cho smiled. Of course, Harry was right. One moment, was all it took for the death spell to work, and only a well placed defensive spell might thwart it.

“Alright, watch,” he told the crowd. “Hermoine, would you please demonstrate the shield spell while I attack you with a nose bleed spell.”

Everyone watched.

“Of course, your enemy will not be polite enough to tell you what spell you need to repel, but I want you to see exactly what the spell should look like when it is repelled correctly.”

The shield was so powerful that not only did it not get through, but it actually rebounded, and came within inches of Harry who had to jump back to avoid getting hit by his own spell.

“Blime me!” a fellow Griphondor called out. “Did you see what the shield did?”

Now, everyone was paying attention, and Cho suddenly realized that Hermoine’s reputation for being a gifted witch was truly earned, and she wondered why Hermoine was not a Ravenclaw.

“Now, I want each of you to concentrate on getting the charm exactly right, so that the spell not only stops the force, but actually repels it. If it is only stopped, then basically, that means some measure of it had penetrated the spell, and with the death curse, if even a little of it works, well, death is all or nothing. It doesn’t work in degrees. Think about that as you practice.”

Cho suddenly realized just how important it was, and wondered if that was why Cedric had not come back at the end of last year with Harry. She and Marietta started to practice again.

Cho blushed as Harry came near her, and she accidentally sent the hex wide of Marietta who was ready to repel her jinx. Heatedly, she cursed herself for being stupid, and tried to regain her focus. Now, it was Marietta’s turn to send a hex her way, and this was when Harry had taken the time to come and correct her stance.

“Like this,” he seemed nervous to touch her as he corrected her stance. “You need the shield to cover you completely, and that means a good firm stance so that you are not leaving any portion of your body wide of the spell.”

Cho nodded her whole body shaking with Harry holding on to her.

“Excuse me,” he gruffly pulled himself away from her. “Just stand like that, and Marietta will not get you with her spell.”

Cho was weak kneed though, and she was late in getting the spell up so that her friend’s bloody nose caught her in the face.

“I… I was doing it before,” Cho tried to explain. “I just… um…” she had no explanation for what happened.

“I know,” Harry smiled as he moved away. “I saw you doing pretty good from across the room. I just wanted to correct a very minor point.”

They both looked at each other for a moment, and then Harry turned to dart off to find someone else to help while she stood there, looking after him, her eyes lingering at the back of his head.

“Professor Potter?” one of the Weasley twins called to him. “Would you mind terribly if we went to the bathroom?”

“Suit yourself,” Harry shrugged. “You are not in an official lesson, but remember, that when you are in a real fight, your opponent is not likely to let you go.”

At that, half of the room laughed, and Fred said something like fair enough.

Cho, however didn’t laugh. She took his warning to heart, and decided from that time forward, she would never go to the bathroom during Harry’s lesson nor during any lesson that she thought was important. Harry knew what he was talking about, and he surely didn’t say that lightly.

Marietta looked from Harry to the twins trying to read if they were joking or not because everyone knew what Fred and George were like, but they also knew that Harry was trying to be serious. Then she looked at Cho, and saw the look in her friend’s eye. Her friend had taken what Harry said to heart.

“Look Cho, I’m sure he didn’t mean that we shouldn’t go if we have to go,” Marietta said as she felt a little nervous.

“Do you have to go?” Cho asked her.

“Um… maybe.”

“If you want, you can go,” Cho whispered. “But I think Harry was very serious when he said that the opponent wouldn’t ask, and probably wouldn’t let us ask.”

“But you aren’t going to just pee your pant if you are in classes are you?”

Cho shrugged. “I’ll do whatever it takes to pass the classes and to prepare myself. Even if the ministry wants to downplay what Harry has seen as lies or worse, I am not going to be that blind and stupid. I’m going to prepare myself.”

Marrietta sighed. She decided to just stick it out in the class even if her girl parts was burning a little to pass some urine.

Harry walked around the room some more correcting other students. Cho would feel him avoiding her, though she was sure that it had more to do with not playing favorites with her, than aversion. She smiled a couple of times his way, but he seemed to pretend to ignore it, or he really was that determined as a teacher that everyone be able to perform the shield charm.

Either way, his determination that everyone get it right, or his trying to avoid playing favorites, the way he acted about her smiles make her smiled even more and even blush a bit. It was very cute!

Finally, they were wrapping up practice, and Harry took a peculiar piece of paper from his pockets and said a most interesting line of mischief over it before it opened up to reveal a map of Hogwarts.

“Alright, Ravenclaw, your path is clear. Go now.”

Had they really run that much over on their first lesson?

“Hufflepuff, just another minute,” Harry cautioned. “I want to give Professor Snape time to actually get into his office so he doesn’t turn back around towards your dorms.”

“How do you know where the professor is?” Cho asked as she came up beside him.

“Oh, this map shows me what is going on in the castle.”

“Cool map.”

“Yeah, I inherited it from a couple of really good guys.”

Soon, the room was mysteriously empty of everyone including Ron and Hermoine. Cho found herself with only Harry there, and her friend had gone off with the rest of Ravenclaw.

“So, um… you were doing really well,” Harry seemed nervous.

“Yeah, but some of the things you taught, I well, I found it easier the way you explained it. I think you are a really good teacher,” she found herself saying. “Do you think that if Cedric… if he had known these things, would he…?”

Harry shook his head.

“Listen, Cho. He knew his stuff. What had happened to Cedric, that was going to happen to me, too. It no doubt would have, except that Voldemort needed my blood intact for his spell.”

“So, Harry, do you really think that it’s necessary to learn to defend ourselves, if we don’t have a chance?”

“I never said we don’t have a chance. Never think like that, or you will already be doomed,” Harry looked into her shining eyes. “You have to resist with your very being, and you have to be on your toes, always. Never give him your back, because he is NOT above attacking you while you are not looking.”

“I understand,” Cho felt a heaviness in her heart and tears coming to her eyes. “I know you know what it’s like, and I’m sorry that everyone thought you were a freak last year and stuff. I just, I just, I want you to know that I don’t blame you for Cedric.”

“That’s nice,” Harry whispered seeming to be unsure of what to make of that statement.

Cho suddenly felt overwhelmed as she looked at Harry, thinking it could just as easily have been Cedric standing here, and Harry had been the one gone, and she found that she wasn’t sure which one she’d prefer it to be. She looked down a bit ashamed of herself, and then a tear fell down her cheeks.

Harry pulled her over towards him, and he patted her head, at which she sank into his arms crying. He didn’t seem to mind, but Cho felt as though he probably should, and he would if he knew that she partly wasn’t sure if had wished he was Cedric and not Harry. Then again, she really liked Harry too, and she couldn’t imagine Cedric making a class like this behind the back of someone like Professor Umbridge.

“Look,” Harry finally pulled her back so he could look in her eyes. “I don’t know what you must be feeling because I lived and Cedric didn’t, but you know, whatever you feel, you must not blame yourself, and you must not think that Cedric didn’t know how to use his magic. He was probably vastly more talented than myself, but Voldemort had decided to kill him outright, and even with a full strength shield in place, with that many Death Eaters around firing spells at you, and there only being two of you, you are not likely to live through it.”

“But you did,” Cho looked into Harry’s eyes.

“As I told Dumbledore and the ministry. I only lived because our wands did that strange sort of thing that confused Voldemort, and he had wanted me to himself, so that the other Death Eaters did not interfere. That is the only reason I made it back, and if the portkey had been deactivated before I touched it, I would not be here.”

Cho nodded though the tears wouldn’t stop. Suddenly, there was sound of water hiding tile, and Cho felt a warm spreading around her middle. She looked into Harry’s eyes in bliss, trying not to look or think about what her body had done to her, but rather than get grossed out, Harry actually pulled her over to him and into his lap and gave her a kiss.

“Cho, I don’t understand how you feel because I’ve not lost anyone close to me since I was a baby, but it’s okay to cry, and it’s okay that um…” and he put his hand on her pants near where she was wet so that Cho would know that he had noticed. “It’s not that big a thing to me, okay? But if we don’t get back to our rooms soon, I’m sure one of the adults will catch us, and I hate to think what will happen if that person happened to be Filch, Snape, or Umbridge.”

Cho knew he had a point. “Alright. Thank you for listening. You are so sweet!”

Cho kissed him on the cheek and then she got up and left him sitting there. She didn’t know that he would go off to Griphondor tower to tell his friends that her kiss was wet, and that she had cried like a baby. She just felt safe in his arms for some reason, and luckily, she had made it to her common room before anyone caught her.

Some people saw her come in, and a few people shook their heads when they saw her wet pants. She had not had a chance to get cleaned up, and now most of Ravenclaw saw that she was wet, but no one said anything. She walked up to her room with a heavy heart, and she sat on the floor by her bunk thinking.

