The Bursting Co-Worker - Part 4

By pdancefan

*000*2015-10-27 01:22

Here is Part 4 of my story - Enjoy!

PART 4

Wendy entered her living room, after a quick shower and change of clothes. She now was wearing jeans and a sweatshirt. Seeing Mary sitting there in her tan slacks and white blouse, Wendy noticed her shifting uncomfortable as she sat on the sofa. Wendy realized that Mary had not been to the toilet yet. 

"Excuse me," said Mary, "but, May I use your bathroom?" 

Wendy smiled, "Now, you just saw me pee myself. Wouldn’t you like to try holding on as long as possible."

"Gee, I don’t know," answered Mary uncertainly. "Have you ever peed yourself before?"

"Oh!" blushed Mary, "Not since I was in elementary school."

"You should have been at work the other night," said Wendy, as she told Mary all about the customer who peed herself in the store, and about the lady’s daughter who had done a pee on the fitting room floor.

"You’re kidding! She just pulled her panties aside and peed on the carpet!?" exclaimed Mary incredulously. "Apparently," replied Wendy, "You should have seen the size of the wet spot on the carpet!" Mary giggled at the thought, then winced as her laughter put pressure on her bladder. "Oh! I have to pee!"

"Here let me get you a cup of coffee." Wendy went to the kitchen and started the coffeemaker. "Here, while the coffee’s brewing, drink this bottle of water," she said, handing Mary a small bottle of water.

Mary downed the water, and then the coffee, as they continued talking.

"You know," said Wendy, "I saw my cousin Irene pee herself once, at a wedding. It was a long service at the church, and as we were leaving, Irene told me she really needed to pee, but would wait until we arrived at the reception. We ended up getting lost, and by the time we arrived at the hall, Irene was absolutely bursting. She managed to get out of the car, but as she walked to the door, she lost control and peed all down her legs under her dress in the middle of the parking lot!"

"Oh how embarrassing!" said Mary, as she crossed her legs and bounced them up and down. "Irene and I found the ladies room, and I helped her clean up. Fortunately, her dress was only a little wet, but she had to spend the rest of the evening without panties underneath!"

"Wow!" exclaimed Mary. And, then the thought of Irene going pantieless, struck her as funny. (*Laugh*) "Oh God!" (*Laugh*) "I have to pee!"

Wendy, noting that Mary was now wriggling her bum all over the sofa, continued, "I also saw a woman leaving the bar at the mall one night. She was drunk off her ass, staggering all over, and doing an obvious "pee dance".

She walked out to her car, as I followed as well as I could, and halfway there her left heel broke off. She fell backwards onto her ass, and as I walked past I couldn’t believe my eyes. Her skirt had ridden up, and with he legs splayed open, I could see all the way up her legs. And here’s the best part: She wasn’t wearing panties, and I could see her pee spraying out in a huge jet from between her pussy lips!" (*Laugh*) "Oh God!" (*Laugh*) "That is too funny!"

"Oh God! Don’t make me laugh!" (*Laugh*) "I’ll pee myself!", laughed Mary. "Oh God! I’m going to pee myself!"

Wendy could see that Mary was absolutely bursting, now. "Come on!

Let’s go into the kitchen. There’s linoleum there."

Wendy led Mary, who hobbled there with clenched thighs as she could barely hold her bladder now. Mary went to sit, but Wendy stopped her. "No, you have to stay standing, now!"

"But, it’s harder to hold it that way," protested Mary. "Too bad!" laughed Wendy.

Mary started prancing on the spot. She started stepping from foot to foot, stopping every so often to bend at the waist and squeeze her legs together as her bladder threatened to let go.

"Are you ticklish?" asked Wendy with a devilish grin on her face. "No don’t!" replied Mary as Wendy tried to tickle her stomach. "NO! NOOOOO!"

(*Laugh*) "OH GOD NO!" (*Laugh*) "STOOOOP ITTTT!" (*Laugh*) "YOU’RE GOING TO

MAKE ME PEE MYSELF!" (*Laugh*) "OH GOD!"

Wendy relented for a moment, and Mary gasped, "Oh God! I’m going to pee myself!" This just encouraged Wendy, and she started tickling Mary again,

(*Laugh*) "NOOOOOO!"

"(*Laugh*) "OH MY GOOOOOD!" (*Laugh*) "NOOOOOO!"

(*Laugh*) "I’M PEEEING" (*Laugh*) "OH SHIT!" (*Laugh*) "OH MY GOD!" (*Laugh*)

"I’M PEEING MY PANTS!"

The laughter went on hysterically as Mary lost control and totally peed her tan pants. Wendy watched with glee as her pretty little co-worker pee herself. Mary’s pee finally stopped, and she stood there looking down at her now soaked pants and the large puddle she was standing in on the linoleum floor. "I can’t believe you made me pee myself!" Mary exclaimed. "So," asked Wendy, "How does it feel to pee yourself uncontrollably?"

"Actually, it feels really good," said Mary with surprise in her voice, "all the effort to hold it actually felt good to me, and the relief of finally going was bliss.

And the pee running down my legs felt so wet and warm."

Wendy looked at Mary, her tan slacks had huge wet streaks down both legs and were totally soaled up to her waist. The bottom edge of her blouse even had a yellow strip of pee on the edge. "How about you stay here, tonight? I can loan you some night clothes, and I’ll see that your clothes are washed."

"All right," answered Mary, "But I need a shower real bad!" (*Laugh*)

Wendy showed Mary to the bathroom, and then brought her a nightgown to wear. She deliberately chose the shortest one she owned. "Here, you can put this on." she told Mary. "Thanks!" said Mary.

After her shower, Mary sat and talked with Wendy about ordinary things for the rest of the evening, and then they turned in. As she fell asleep, Wendy smiled. Her dreams were starting to come true!

