A great movie

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-05-12 03:03

So I was watching a fairly long movie a few weeks ago and I semi wet myself!

So I got through the first 30 mins of the movie and started to feel a wave of desperation coming after drinking half of my large coke. It was easily forgettable so I carried on watching the movie. After an hour in, I began to really feel the urge to pee and began squirming around. I didnt want to miss part of the movie so I held my crotch as tightly as I could and continued through the movie. My mum asked me if I was okay and if I needed to use the loo but I denied and the urge to pee kept getting stronger.

At this point, I was squirming in my seat with my heel digging into my crotch to try and stop any leaks from coming out but it wouldn't stop. One small leak slowly dripped from my pee hole, which made me grab my crotch with both my hands and bounce in my seat, grabbing the attention of my mum, who started getting a bit concerned for me and asked if I was desperate for the loo. I told her I was uncomfortable in my seat and I was sure she bought it. Eventually, so many more spurts came out through my fingers and began dripping onto the seat, I couldn't even move at that point.

My mum left to use the loo in the last part of the movie, meaning I was all on my own in our section, as not many people were in there with us. I became sweaty from using all of my strength to hold my pee back, with my hands dug into my crotch, my legs fanning in and out, my hips bucking back and forth and my pee hole muscles clenched together. I thought of an idea whilst my mum was gone as I saw my large cup empty. I was gonna pee in it. I carefully removed one hand from my crotch and picked up the cup, using both hands to take off the lid whilst I squeezed my thighs together to hold my pee. I threw my panties down and plopped my ass over the cup, sending my flood into the cup. Sweet relief!

Of course the cup began filling, just my luck! I managed to stop my stream and put the lid back over the cup but still felt pretty desperate. I had drank at least 3 other drinks prior! My mum came back and we carried on through the rest of the movie as I dug my hands into my crotch to hold the remainder of my pee. Eventually the movie finished and I had picked up my rubbish whilst bouncing up and down and squeezing my thighs together. I ran to the bathroom to finish my pee but as soon as I got to the stall and locked the door, I began peeing. I quickly pulled my pants down and tried my best to get onto the toilet seat as quick as I could, but I had already wet my pants enough.

Probably the most desperate I've been! Sorry for a long story!

*004*2024-03-28 19:06

{{On 3/26/2024 at 3:48 AM, brown4182004 said:

Oohhh, what movie were you watching?

}}

{{On 3/26/2024 at 10:09 AM, Roronoa Zoro said:

What was the movie that you were watching

}}

I believe it might have been Oppenheimer??

*008*2024-03-29 01:53

{{6 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

What did you think of Oppenheimer and when the movie was over?I had to go straight to the bathroom when I watched it with my friends

}}

Quite a good movie! Absolutely love Cillian Murphy, he's amazing in Peaky Blinders (watching it as I type actually!). Don't blame you for going straight to the loo!

{{4 hours ago, wettingman said:

@Ashlovesomo I am just seeing this story from the quote above. I love long stories with plenty of detail. Obviously you were desperate for a long time , so a long story is appropriate .Great Story. Thank You.

Did your mum notice she was right about you being desperate and you partly wet your pants? What did she say ?

}}

She didn't actually say anything! But part of me thinks she noticed the little wet patch on my jeans 😅 I know we've both had some pretty close calls but that one takes the cake for most embarrassing wetting story I have

