April Fooled: The Prank and the Puddle

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2015-05-19 10:42

Last April I saw a challenge

That Jimmy Olsen posted on Nyou Fiction and it gave me an interesting idea for a story. It took over a year, working on and off, but the story is finally finished.

###

April Fooled: the prank and the puddle

###

Chapter 1: The Prank

Cara hurried down the hall, past the executive offices and the elevators and toward the break room. From the anxious look on her face, the stiff tension in her posture and her rapid steps, and most of all the way her hands were pressed into the front of her skirt, anybody who saw her then would have known instantly where she was going, as well as exactly why she was in a hurry. And as she trotted past the break room, someone almost did.

"Cara?" Jenny called out from where she stood at the little counter next to the fridge. She had only seen Cara from the corner of her eye, but she was already turning her head, so Cara had just a split second to react. In a flash she turned to meet Jenny's eyes, snapped her hands away from the front of her skirt, and put on a relaxed friendly smile.

"Oh, hey Jenny," she replied, sounding as calm as she could.

"You wanted to get some more too, huh?" Jenny said with a note of amusement, setting her mug emblazoned with the company logo down on the counter and picking up the big teapot from the little stove next to the counter. "I knew I had to get here quick before everybody else finished off the last of the tea. It's just delicious," she turned back to the counter and began pouring herself a cup of the delicious tea.

"Um... Uh-huh, it sure is," Cara answered, trembling slightly at the sight of the pale stream falling from the teapot's spout and the sound of it splashing in Jenny's mug. That delicious tea was indeed the reason she was here, although not quite in the way that Jenny thought. After a quick longing glance at the door just a few more steps down the hall, she took a moment to stop her trembling and stepped into the break room.

"Did you hear about Erika down in HR? Well you didn't get this from me but I heard Becky say that Henry told her that-" Cara nodded and tried to fake interest in Jenny's fourth-hand office gossip. Jenny just loved to gossip, and something like this happened every time she bumped into anyone in the break room. Cara knew better than to try to interrupt her without a good reason, but she also knew that there was no telling how long Jenny would keep talking, and just now she really didn't want to wait and listen any longer than she had to. So she glanced around, looking for an excuse to leave, and saw the tin of cookies on the counter.

"Ooh, are there any of these left?" she wondered aloud and lifted the lid. The last few cinnamon peanut butter cookies were still there, and they were exactly what she needed. She reached for one, then hesitated and drew back, saying, "I should wash my hands first, though. 'Scuse me."

Having cleverly excused herself she headed back out to the hall and toward her destination just a few steps away. Behind her, however, she heard Jenny exclaim, "Oh good idea, me too. I thought we finished those yesterday," and suddenly the other woman was next to her, saying something or other about what Henry heard from Karen in HR as they opened the door to the ladies' room. Before Cara could think of what to do next, another voice called out.

"Oh, Jenny," Julie said, her eyes lighting up as soon as she came over to them, still drying her hands with a paper towel. "You'll never guess what I heard from Becky just now."

"You mean about what Karen said happened to Erika?" Jenny's eyes lit up in exactly the same way as Julie's, and in moments the two were engrossed in their gossip. Julie loved to gossip just as much as Jenny, and something like this happened every time the two of them bumped into each other. Cara knew there was no telling how long they would keep talking now, and just now she really didn't want to have to wait long enough to find out.

If I can just wait until they leave... She trembled again at the thought of how long that might take. Maybe if I mention the cookies again they'll both want to go have some right away... It was a longshot, but just now it was the best chance she had. Maybe if I mention it as soon as they both finish washing up... if I can just wait that long... but... but I don't think I can wait much longer... She was nervously trying to decide how much longer she could wait when all of a sudden Jenny showed her.

Chuckling softly at something that Becky or Karen or whoever said, Jenny stepped over to the sink and started to wash her hands. The sight of that stream of water pouring from the faucet and the sound of it splashing in the sink made Cara tremble once again, and this time she couldn't stop. She stood there holding her breath and concentrating as hard as she could to try to get ahold of herself, but the sound of flowing water echoed off the walls and seemed to come from every direction at once, and she couldn't tear her eyes away from the gushing stream, and her trembling just got worse and worse. Then answer to her question hit her all at once, and her heart leaped into her throat as she realized, I... I can't... can't... I can't wait any longer! Her eyes widened, and all thought of Jenny and Julie and how she might get them to leave right away was suddenly gone from Cara's mind, replaced by the horrified silent wail, I can't hold it!!

She zipped into the nearest stall, yanked her skirt up to her waist and her panties down to her knees just in time. Only a fraction of a second later a slender pale golden jet shot into the toilet beneath her, hissing softly and chattering against the porcelain with a sound that seemed to merge into the noise from the sink. An intense relief blossomed within her as her floodgates opened up and her bladder released its contents at long last, and she slowly sank onto the toilet seat. Her skin tingled and flushed, her eyelids fluttered, and a soft moan escaped her lips. Losing herself in the feeling, Cara let her body relax and her stream grow steadily stronger, which made the hissing and the splashing grow steadily louder, until soon it could be heard over the faucet. Then her eyes popped open as she suddenly realized with a start, oh no! the door!

In her haste to reach the toilet in time, Cara had completely neglected to close the stall door behind her. It was standing wide open, and if Jenny or Julie moved even a few steps they would have a perfect view of her sitting there with her panties down! Blushing a bit brighter, she leaned forward to close the door, and at the same time Jenny finished washing her hands and turned off the faucet. The noise from the sink stopped, only to be replaced a moment later by an even louder noise from the toilet.

Because when Cara leaned forward, her stream tilted backward, and now it was splashing directly into the water with a mighty echoing noise like a raging river. Cara reflexively tried to cut off the flow momentarily, but her lengthy struggles to delay her bladder's release earlier had left her without the strength to interrupt that release now, and all her efforts achieved was to reduce the stream's power a tiny bit, which did almost nothing to lessen the noise. She could only blush even more and redouble her effort to reach the door and get it closed before somebody looked inside and the whole situation got even more embarrassing.

After long frantic seconds she managed it, and once the door was closed she sat back and let her stream return to the porcelain, the loud splashing once again becoming muted. Her burst of energy drained away, replaced by a relief that seemed by contrast even more intense than before, and only grew even stronger as Cara let herself relax and let her stream flow freely and grow more and more powerful until it became a mighty gush. All thought of embarrassment vanished as the feeling overtook her, and even the sound that she was making seemed to fade away. Her head tilted back, her eyes slowly closed, a smile blossomed on her face, and her back began to arch. That shift in position caused the gusher that was flowing beneath her to tilt backwards once again until it was splashing merrily into the water with an even louder noise than before. This time Cara was so immersed in blissful relief that she didn't react at all, but only let loose another long, low moan.

Eventually, once her bladder had nearly emptied itself and her stream at last began to taper off, Cara slowly came back to her senses and grew aware of her surroundings once again. First she heard her own fading splashes in the toilet, and then she heard the snickering. Jenny and Julie were still standing by the sink, but instead of gossiping away happily like usual they were whispering about something and snickering repeatedly. Still trying to fully collect her thoughts, Cara listened in curiosity for a few seconds trying to figure out what they were snickering at and gossiping about this time, until suddenly all her embarrassment came rushing back at once as she suddenly realized that they were snickering at her.

It's not my fault! she wanted to cry out, but she knew it wouldn't help. I didn't mean to hold it until the last minute... really! I tried to go to the bathroom earlier, I just didn't have a chance... She was on the subway on her way to work when she noticed her bladder was just starting to get just a little bit full and she kinda had to go. I was gonna use the bathroom at the station, but then the subway was a little late and I had to hurry to catch the shuttle. The company shuttle was already waiting at the station ready to leave for the office when she got there and she didn't have time to use the bathroom, so she just had to hold it.

And I was gonna use the bathroom as soon as I got to the office, but then when I got to work Donna was already here and she bumped into me in the elevator and said she wanted an update to yesterday's report on the Juniper project in time for the morning conference call. Cara's bladder was getting a little more full by that point and she had to go a little worse, but she still didn't have to go too bad and she didn't want to keep Donna waiting, and anyway getting the report ready wouldn't take too long, so she just kept holding it.

And as soon as I got done with that it was already time for the meeting and Donna messaged me that she wanted me on the call right away. By then Cara's bladder was definitely getting full and she definitely had to go, but there just wasn't time for her to take a bathroom break, so she just had to keep on holding it. She picked up the phone and tried to get as comfortable as she could and she tried her best to ignore the growing discomfort and the warning signals and concentrate on the conference call, and she was hoping that the call wouldn't last too long and she was really hoping that her bladder wouldn't get any more full than it already was.

Unfortunately, that's exactly what it did. At least Donna asked me to talk about the project right at the beginning... She was really grateful for that, because by the time she was finished saying what she had to say about the Juniper report the discomfort and the warning signals were getting impossible to ignore, and before long she could hardly concentrate on anything else. Her bladder was getting really full really fast and she had to go really bad, and it just kept getting worse. Soon she was really struggling to keep holding it, and she was really grateful that she was in a conference call and not an actual meeting and nobody could see her like that.

By the time the call finally began to wrap up Cara was squirming and wiggling her hips constantly, with her legs crossed tightly and squeezed together and both hands jammed between them. But it was only when the call was at last over and she jumped up to run to the bathroom that the true severity of her situation hit her all at once. Because standing up like that delivered a little jolt that made her insides bounce, which made her suddenly and quite uncomfortably aware that her bladder was filled right to the very brim, and she was right on the very brink of having a huge accident.

After taking a moment to steady herself and redouble her efforts to hold it she hurried down the hall past the executive offices and the elevators and toward the break room, where she ran into Jenny. She really didn't want to let Jenny realize how very very badly she had to go, because she knew perfectly well that if that shameless gossip even suspected what kind of situation Cara was having, the whole office was sure to know about it by tomorrow. So she acted as calm and casual as she could, even while her bursting bladder ached and throbbed with the absolutely urgent need to release its contents.

Watching Jenny pour her tea while in such a state made Cara tremble briefly with exertion to resist the sudden rising urge to let go, but she managed to maintain control and even came up with that idea about the cookies, thinking that it was the perfect way to excuse herself and get to the bathroom without letting Jenny realize what she intended to do there. But that backfired badly when Jenny ended up following her to the bathroom, and it backfired even worse when they ran into Julie there too.

Why did the two of them have to be here... With her desperately needed relief so tantalizingly close she longed to simply plop down on the toilet and let go, but both Julie and Jenny were standing right there, and she knew that if she let the pair of shameless gossips hear her relieving herself, the whole company was sure to know about it by lunchtime. So she waited, forcing herself to hold it just a little bit longer while she tried to come up with a way to get the pair to leave a bit sooner... until Jenny turned on the faucet.

That was all it took to push Cara over the edge. The splashing that filled the room and filled her ears made her whole body start to tremble, and she started to panic as she realized what was happening. Her extremely full bladder was finally letting go, her tightly clenched floodgates were being forced open from within, the flood they were holding back was just about to come pouring out, and worst of all there was absolutely nothing she could do to stop it. Her only hope was to get to the toilet before it was too late, and with a burst of frantic speed she just barely made it.

Then it was coming out, the mighty stream was gushing into the bowl, and the wave of visceral relief was washing over her. Between that relief and the brief return of panic when she realized she left the stall door open, Cara hardly had a thought to spare for the clattering and splashing noises she was making until it was way too late. By then her long loud leak was almost over, and Jenny and Julie had heard everything. They were already whispering about it, and that meant it was only a matter of time before they told everybody.

It's not my fault! She repeated, blushing despite the mental protest. I didn't mean to hold it until the last minute. And I didn't mean to be so loud. It's just... I had to go sooo bad... and it felt sooo good... and I... I just couldn't help it. But she knew she couldn't say any of that, because anything she said now would only make things worse. Julie and Jenny had themselves a fresh and juicy piece of gossip now, giving them any more details would only make it even juicier. So Cara just sighed and got ready to get up.

She had just flushed and she was pulling up her panties when she heard the bathroom door open again, followed by the distinctive rapid clicking of heels on the tile floor. "Good morning everybody!" announced a familiar cheerful voice. "Sorry that I cannot talk right now, I have really got to take a leak!" That cheerful declaration, along with the cheerful giggle which punctuated it, told her who just walked in with even more certainty than the voice itself. And so, as the footsteps clicked past her stall door, Cara quickly realized what was just about to happen and hurried to pull down her skirt and straighten it out. The clicking proceeded into the stall next to hers, and she opened her own stall door just as the door of that one was closing. Keeping her head down to avoid the two pairs of eyes that waited by the sink, she hurried over to wash her hands, hoping to finish and leave before what was just about to happen happened. But as soon as she turned on the faucet, it happened.

The water poured from the faucet and into the sink with a vigorous splashing noise, and a moment later it was joined by a similar yet even louder noise from the stall. It echoed off the walls, easily overpowering the faucet and making the bathroom sound like the base of a raging waterfall. Such a sudden and mighty splashing could only be the sound of a truly powerful gusher pointed straight down into a toilet bowl and allowed to flow freely at maximum force. It was clearly a sound made by someone who was completely comfortable with being overheard.

Cara, however, was not at all comfortable with overhearing it. She blushed brightly as soon as it started, trying to hurry even more. And her discomfort only grew when a loud moan resounded from the occupied stall, bearing the unmistakable tones of intense relief. Finishing up at the sink, Cara turned and trotted out the door as fast as she could, still careful to keep her eyes down so as not to look at Jenny or Julie or the stall with the noises coming from it. The two of them, however, exercised no such discretion.

Even as the bathroom door swung shut they were both gazing in overt fascination at that stall, particularly at the pair of slender feet that peeped beneath the stall door. Those feet were wearing a pair of strappy high heels and a tiny electric blue thong was stretched between their ankles. Their toes flexed and wiggled, then slowly relaxed. A second moan issued from the stall's occupant, longer than the first, followed by a gentle and contented sigh. Finally the splashing sound began to gradually fade, the stream that produced it easing to a trickle before tapering off with a few last seconds of dribbling. The feet retreated, and some moments later the toilet flushed and the door opened and Aliyaya emerged, beaming with evident relief.

"Good morning Jenny! Good morning Julie!" She announced again to each of the pair in turn, every bit as cheerful as the first time. They both looked up from pretending to chat about nothing in particular and greeted her right back, acting as if they hadn't just been listening to her loudly relieve herself only seconds before. The three of them continued to chat about nothing in particular while Aliyaya took a few moments to check her hair in the mirror and wash up, and when she was finished she headed off to get back to work.

As soon as she turned away Jenny looked at Julie with the sparkle of a brilliant idea in her eyes and eagerly whispered, "Hey, I've got a great idea. Do you still have the program we used for those posters back in..." Not wanting to intrude on their conversation any further, Aliyaya left them alone and quickly headed down the hall and back to her desk, pausing briefly as she passed Cara's.

"Good morning Cara!" she announced once again. Her cheerful voice and beaming smile seemed to brighten Cara's glum mood slightly.

"Oh. Good morning Yaya," Cara offered with a smile of her own. Aliyaya insisted on letting all the other secretaries call her that. "Thanks again for the tea, by the way," she quickly added, "I tried some this morning and it's delicious." She knew Aliyaya would want to know what she thought about the tea, which had been a gift to all the girls in the office the other day. Cara had tried a cup of it this morning with breakfast, and enjoyed it so much that she indulged in another cup before she left for work. At her own mention of that tea, a slightly troubling suspicion occurred to her, but she decided not to bring it up just now.

"Oh, I am surely pleased to hear that. I just knew that everyone would enjoy it so much." With that Aliyaya continued to her desk, sat down and crossed her legs. She always sat with her legs crossed and turned to the side, with one leg absently dangling and swaying. Cara thought it made her look more like a glamour model posing for a photo shoot than a secretary, but then she thought Aliyaya looked like some sort of model pretty much all the time. Her wavy black hair that tumbled halfway down her back in a slightly tousled cloud looked like it belonged in a shampoo commercial.

Her long and slender yet splendidly toned legs could model stockings or hose, although she never actually wore either one. Her flawlessly smooth, perfectly bronzed skin seemed all ready to model sunscreen or tanning salons or possibly both. Even the way she walked looked like she was constantly strutting down some imaginary catwalk or red carpet. And she knew the reason why such an absolutely magnificent exotic beauty would be sitting here in an office instead of posing in front of a crowd or a camera somewhere, and he arrived just a few minutes later.

The elevator dinged and Aliyaya lifted her head and stood up, smiling. Blue, Cara noticed quickly before she also looked over at the elevator door. A man's tall suited figure emerged and walked toward them with casual confident strides, and Aliyaya's bright smile and cheerful greeting met him as he reached her desk. "Good morning Ron!" she beamed with dutiful yet genuine enthusiasm.

"Morning dearie," he replied, showing Aliyaya a charming lopsided grin and peering down at her, allowing his gaze to linger upon her generously endowed chest just long enough to make Cara uncomfortable before he lifted his eyes and remarked, "I must say, you're looking just as lovely as ever this morning."

"Oh! Thank you sir," Aliyaya's demure tone and girlish giggle sounded perfectly genuine, even though Ron had complimented her just like that almost every morning for weeks. At first he reserved particularly glowing praise for days when she happened to wear something particularly revealing, and it wasn't long before she started taking the semi-subtle hint and wearing a cleavage-baring top or a teeny-tiny skirt every single day. With Ron clearly enjoying and shamelessly encouraging this trend, Aliyaya's already skimpy outfits gradually grew even skimpier, and today's outfit was one of her skimpiest yet.

She had on a stretchy cream-colored scoop neck blouse and a tiny little tight black miniskirt. The skirt was just barely long enough to fully cover her plump yet toned and firm rear end, and so tight that it clung to every bit of the smooth and gentle curves of her hips. Her top was even more revealing, snug enough to hold her big full breasts in place and squeeze them together, low-cut enough to put the resulting blossom of cleavage very prominently on display, and the fabric thin and flimsy enough that her perky nipples made it pointedly obvious she was not wearing a bra.

That much suddenly became even more obvious when Aliyaya leaned down to rummage among the papers on her desk, demonstrating that while her top was tight enough to squeeze her boobs until they bulged it was also stretchy enough that it did practically nothing to impede their mobility. Her breasts swayed and jiggled freely, yet Aliyaya didn't even seem to notice she was practically waving them right in Ron's face. Nor did he point it out to her, but simply watched the show appreciatively until she found what she was looking for and started to read it. "Donna said she wants to review the morning meeting with you right away. Mr. DiMartino called again, he said you would know what it was about. And there is that 11:10 scheduled with the product planning team." her musical lilting accent made the dry words sound incongruously beautiful.

"Great, great," Ron smiled and nodded when she was done, "Be a doll and let old man Henderson know I'll have the last of the McGuirk files ready after lunch sometime." Then he swaggered toward his office, giving Cara a quick nod on the way past her desk. Cara just fumed silently and pretended not to notice. Ron Napier was the executive sales director, a self-proclaimed 'shark in a suit' so blatantly and unapolagetically misogynistic that he sometimes seemed like a Madison Avenue Ad Man that just stepped out of the early '60s, especially when he was leering at his secretary and calling her things like 'dearie' or 'doll'.

Cara and the rest were just sure the only reason he hired Aliyaya was because in his world having a really hot secretary was some kind of status symbol or whatever, and they were all sure he was going to cross the line with her sooner or later and get himself slapped with a lawsuit or reassigned to the overseas branch or something. But so far no matter how he looked at her or what he called her all he ever seemed to get was chewed out.

I'm still watching him, though. Cara made sure to listen carefully every time Ron talked to Aliyaya, although so far the worst thing she'd caught him saying when he thought nobody else could hear was 'toots'. But if he ever calls her 'babe', I'll tell Donna and maybe then she can finally do something. It would be different if Aliyaya herself complained about her boss's behavior, of course, but as far as anyone could tell she didn't even seem to notice that the man was a huge sexist pig, let alone have any problem with it.

Normally all the other secretaries would have absolutely hated her for letting him get away with everything he did, on top of looking like she did and dressing like she did... except Aliyaya was so sweet and friendly to everybody all the time that they just couldn't. Even Jenny and Julie never did anything worse than try to start a betting pool about where she was really from, and the way Cara heard they had to drop that after they got around to coaxing the answer to the mystery out of Aliyaya herself, only to hear the story of a genealogy so extensive and convoluted and involving so many countries from all over the world (including every single bet that had been placed so far) that there was no way they could even begin to figure out who winner should be.

"Yes sir!" Aliyaya cheerfully called toward Ron's departing back, then sat down and crossed her legs like always before picking up the phone to call Mr. Henderson as instructed. Electric blue, Cara noticed again, getting a slightly longer glimpse this time. Ever since she started wearing miniskirts every day, whenever Aliyaya crossed her legs upon sitting down or uncrossed her legs to stand up her panties would briefly peek into view, and from where Cara sat she just couldn't help but see them almost every time. Blue today... and bright green yesterday... and last week she wore hot pink at least twice...

Aliyaya seemed to be very fond of brightly colored underwear. Cara had only seen her wearing black panties a few times, and white panties not even once. I think there was a magenta pair too... and peach one day... and the week before that there was canary yellow and- With a start Cara caught herself thinking entirely too much about the subject, put the brakes on that train of thought and got back to work. Aliyaya made her brief call, and nothing else out of the ordinary happened before their next break.

When it arrived they both headed to the break room again. Cara got up and started down the hall first, and so did not catch another glimpse of Aliyaya's panties when she got up as well. Aliyaya didn't start down the hall right away, however, instead pausing for a moment to adjust her skirt. She really liked this skirt. It was cute and stylish and it was wonderful for showing off her nice legs and her nice hips and her nice figure. Unfortunately, it was also so tight that the hemline had a tendency to creep slowly but steadily up her thighs over the course of the day. Even when she was just walking normally it would slip higher and higher with every step she took, and whenever she climbed the stairs or sat down or stood up it would rise a bit more precipituosly. If Aliyaya wasn't careful to adjust it from time to time, sooner or later her already skirt always seemed to end up quite a bit shorter than she was quite comfortable with.

Just now, however, she noticed her rising hemline well before it could threaten her modesty and quickly tugged it back to a comfortable position. With that taken care of she trotted down the hall and was met with the sudden and unexpected sound of laughter coming from the break room. When she looked inside and saw that it was Jenny and Julie laughing, so hard that they were both doubled over and leaning on the countertop, while Cara stood between them. Cara wasn't laughing at all, she was just standing there and staring at something on the bulletin board. Curious, Aliyaya approached the three of them, but before she could ask what was going on Julie looked up and saw her.

"Oh, Yaya..." she called out, gasping for breath as the laughter began to fade. "Come here and look at this. Isn't it just perfect?" she pointed to the bulletin board, her eyes darting back toward Cara and her voice trembling with the strain of suppressing a fresh burst of laughter. "Now the two of you can -snrrk- really... settle things!" With that her suppression efforts failed and the laughter came bursting out. Aliyaya wanted to ask what she meant, but she was doubled over and laughing helplessly right along with Jenny, and then Cara whirled and fled out to the hall. Aliyaya got only a brief glimpse of her face, but it almost seemed like there were tears welling in her eyes.

"Wait!" Jenny called after her, the last of her laughter fading away rapidly. "Wait, come on. Don't be mad..." She and Julie both hurried out after Cara, leaving Aliyaya standing there even more confused and curious than before. She turned to the bulletin board and the large poster that was tacked up right in the middle, along with a few old post-its from the past several weeks. The poster's text was big and bold and brightly colored, as if trying to shout every word with breathless enthusiasm.

IMPORTANT!

ATTENTION EVERYBODY!!

In keeping with tradition, the ladies of the secretarial pool are pleased to announce that today, April 1st, shall be the debut of our annual Feminine Relief Contest!

Entry is open and free. Any lady appropriately inclined and endowed with the proper talents is welcome to participate.

Each Contestant will relieve herself fully, competing to produce the most spectacular display of a true feminine flood, as judged according to the following criteria:

Capacity and Volume!

Loudness of Flow!

Strong, Powerful Stream!

Display of Enjoyment!

She who can present us with the biggest, the loudest, the most powerful, and the most splendidly enjoyable such spectacle shall be judged the winner and receive acclaim and fabulous prizes.

Don't be shy! Show off your body's hidden potential for all to see and win big!

Aliyaya stared at the poster with a puzzled expression, reading it and rereading it to make sure she was reading it correctly. "Feminine Relief Contest..." she muttered softly, then repeated it in her own language. She tried to use English as much as she could apart from the occasional spontaneous exclamation, but she wasn't quite comfortable enough to think in it or use it all the time when she was alone just yet. "Feminine Relief... does that mean...?" She had an idea of what it might mean, but it was so absurd that she could hardly believe it. She read the poster again, trying to come up with another possible meaning that she might have missed and telling herself that her first guess just couldn't be right. But she couldn't think of a single alternative, and after reading it over and over her doubts finally began to dissipate. "Then... whoa... it really does mean..." with that her face blossomed into a big grin and she exclaimed, "Wonderful!"

Grinning happily, she trotted over to the stove and started making a fresh pot of tea. "Just wonderful." She giggled softly, switching back to English now in case somebody walked in. "I have never heard a thing about that kind of tradition around here, but it does sound ever so much fun... and it does so bring back the memories..." Memories from her childhood came drifting back to her then. Memories of long, lazy summer afternoons spent lounging outside on the grass with her little sister Chikaya, and one the particularly vivid memory of the day that started it all.

Suddenly she could almost hear Chikaya's voice from that day so long ago, lazily drawling out, "I gotta go..." from where she lay on the grass staring up at the clear afternoon sky. There was a lengthy delay, then Aliyaya's own reply, "I gotta go too." They stayed right where they were, however, both lying there on the grass and neither one making any move to get up and go inside. And what happened next she remembered most clearly of all. Chikaya sat up and proudly announced, "I'll betcha I gotta go more!" Even all these years later Aliyaya still had to giggle at the memory, although at the time she could only stare in total surprise as her little sister yanked down her little pink panties and started to 'go' right there on the grass.

"But she was wrong," Aliyaya commented upon the scene replaying inself her mind, giggling even more. In her memory she watched Little Chikaya take her little leak and give a big self-satisfied sigh. But then little Aliyaya slipped off her own little panties and took her own leak, and that wiped the look of satisfaction right off her little sister's face. "She lost that bet," Aliyaya remembered aloud, now bubbling with laughter. "and she knew it. And she just couldn't stand it."

Chikaya was always a willful and energetic little girl, impulsive and headstrong and extremely competitive, especially with her big sister, and she absolutely couldn't stand to lose, especially not to her big sister. Even with something as silly and childish as a bet make out of boredom and lethargy, she just had to try again. And she did try again, the very next day. The two of them were lounging around outside just like before when all of a sudden Chikaya got up and declared, "I gotta go, and this time I bet I gotta go way more than you!" And once again she pulled down her panties and she let go, and once again she lost. "She lost the next time too," Aliyaya reminisced, "and she lost the time after that, and the next time and the next time... she just kept on trying, and she just kept on losing."

After her second or third loss little Chikaya began to make a bit of an effort to prepare for these little impromptu contests, which is to say that she would make sure to have plenty to drink and to then not use the bathroom for at least a few hours, until she was clearly showing the signs of having to go quite badly indeed. Of course, since she would always spend those hours playing outside with her sister, that always meant that Aliyaya ended up going without a visit to the bathroom for at least as long as Chikaya did, and her attempt at preparation only ended up making the results of the sisters' contests even more lopsided.

The reason for that was obvious now, looking back on it years later. Chikaya was always a slim and very petite little girl... with an equally petite bladder. No matter how much juice she drank and no matter how long she endured the resulting discomfort, that little bladder of hers simply couldn't compete with her big sister Aliyaya's bladder. She must have realized as much sooner or later, but rather than admit that she'd stumbled upon a contest she just couldn't win, Chikaya simply tried using slightly different tactics.

Aliyaya's memory was a little fuzzy on some of the details after all these years, but she did remember that at some point after those early days of simple spontaneous "bets" Chikaya started to come up with rules for their little contests, and that the rules seemed to change with whimsical frequency. Sometimes they would compete over who could let go with the most powerful stream or the loudest, or the stream that lasted longest, and once in a while the stream that could shoot out the farthest over the grass. Other times they weren't competing over letting go at all, but over holding it instead.

They would compete over who could hold it the longest, or who could hold it without letting it show, or who could keep holding it while jogging or jumping up and down or stretching or being gleefully tickled by her sister. The contests like that frequently ended with little Chikaya totally soaking her little panties, while little Aliyaya's panties never got anything worse than a little squirt, and that was almost always because Aliyaya was even more ticklish than her little sister. But no matter what the rules of their contests were Aliyaya was always the winner, and soon enough she began to enjoy winning so much that she grew just as enthusiastic about competing and preparing to compete in them as Chikaya ever was.

Eventually the end of the summer put a stop to the little girls' contests, since they had to stop spending all day playing outside, but as soon as the next summer arrived they started up again as eagerly as ever, and the summer after that too, until the competition gradually turned into a sort of private little summer tradition for the two of them. So even once Chikaya eventually grew up enough to realize how childish and silly her fixation on winning the silly childish contest really was, the tradition itself continued until they were both quite a bit too grown-up to be doing such embarrassing and childish things, and then a little bit longer out of some inexpressable yearning for the innocent and impulsive happiness of childhood.

That feeling was stronger than ever now, years later, and thinking about her childhood contests with her little sister was making Aliyaya quite nostalgic and even more eager to participate in the wonderful tradition that the poster advertised. "A contest, just like back then. It will be ever so much fun," she repeated, pouring herself a nice big steaming cup of tea. "I should start preparing immediately. I do hope that I will have time to prepare properly. If I only had known of this a bit earlier, I might be quite prepared for it already." Naturally, she had no notion that such a contest was planned when she visited the bathroom earlier, or she could have prepared for it very easily by simply skipping that bathroom visit and continuing to hold it for a few more hours. "Unless... oh, come to think on it..." she muttered, realizing that the poster had not mentioned what time this contest was to take place. She turned back and examined it again to be sure.

"Hmm, that is odd..." she murmured, still finding nothing. She stood there thinking about it for a few moments, trying to figure out why such an important detail like that would be left out, then brightened suddenly as she thought of it. "Of course! It must be for an extra challenge." Trying to prepare for the contest without knowing when it was to take place would be much more of a challenge, and it was just the kind of challenge that Aliyaya was perfectly happy to take on.

"Well then, in that case it is surely for the best that I used the facilities when I did." While she was quite confident that she could have skipped her visit to the bathroom earlier and kept holding it for a few hours more or so, it would have been really uncomfortable to have to keep holding it much longer than that. And even worse, if the contest ended up being held in the late afternoon she might not have been able to hold it quite long enough, and it would be such a shame for all that effort to go to waste if she ended up being forced to rush to the bathroom before the contest even started.

Fortunately, she knew just how to avoid any such risk. "I shall have to prepare slowly and carefully," she told herself with calm self-assurance. And with that, she took her tea back to her desk and sat down and took the first sip before she got back to work. She kept drinking her tea just like that, slowly and steadily, sip by sip, and the teacup was almost empty when Cara got back.

Chapter 2: The Prep

Cara sat down at her desk without even noticing Aliyaya's friendly smile at her return and took a few moments to calm down before she got back to work herself. I just can't believe those two. How could anyone be so insensitive? She was still fuming about what Jenny and Julie did earlier. They're lucky I didn't report them to Donna... She had threatened to do just that before the two of them apologized. The worst part is they didn't even think it was a big deal. Julie and Jenny kept insisting that the poster was just a harmless April Fools Day prank and they had no idea Cara was going to take it so badly, and the sheer self-centered insensitivity and disregard for workplace propriety that kind of attitude displayed had only made Cara even more irate. As far as she was concerned, April Fools Day or not, joking about bodily functions at work was totally crossing the line, and joking about what happened in the bathroom earlier when she was already embarrassed about it was even worse.

Cara was still a little distracted with thinking about all that and calming herself down when Aliyaya got up, so she had just enough attention to spare to catch the quick flash of blue that resulted, and not enough to notice the way that Aliyaya absentmindedly neglected to adjust her skirt right away and started down the hall to the break room with a little bit of her butt peeking out under the hem.

Aliyaya, meanwhile, was a little distracted with carefully estimating how her preparations for the contest were coming along, which explained her slightly indecent bit of absentmindedness. Thanks to the skills developed over long years of experience at the long-ago summertime contests with her little sister, Aliyaya could quickly and easily judge exactly how full her bladder was, how fast it was filling, and how soon it would be full enough to give a good showing in competition. Reaching the break room, she smiled merrily and concluded that everything was proceeding right on schedule, and only then belatedly remembered to tug her skirt back down.

So she refilled her teacup, read the poster about the contest on the bulletin board again just to be sure that she hadn't missed anything before, and headed back to her desk. There she once again drained her teacup one sip at a time before returning to the break room to refil it, reassuring herself as she did so that her bladder was slowly and steadily filling up exactly as she planned. She kept on making trips just like that, and on one of them she looked at the bulletin board and found that the familiar colorful poster was missing. That was strange, but she just shrugged and continued with her careful preparations, and after another couple trips it was time for lunch, so she took her lunchbox outside to the bench at the back door to eat her handmade boxed lunch in the shade just like she did every day, along with a full cup of tea.

After lunch she returned to work, continuing her slow and steady preparations, and after a few more trips and a few more teacups she found a new poster on the bulletin board, right where the old one had been.

Be advised that due to unexpectedly high turnout, the companywide event scheduled for end of day today, April 1st, will take place in the third floor auditorium.

This poster was plain and brief and to the point, in stark contrast with the other one, but when Aliyaya read it her face blossomed with excitement and happiness all the same, and she exclaimed with a merry little giggle, "End of the day, huh? Sweet! That's just perfect!" She poured herself another cup of tea, then gently patted herself and giggled again. Patting herself there, at the spot just below her bellybutton where the waistband of her skirt was, magnified the faint signals that her bladder was sending her, which were otherwise nearly too subtle to perceive and would certainly have been undetectable if not for her years of practice. Those signals, the first faint twinges of fullness, were the best indication so far that everything was coming along right on schedule, and at this rate her bladder would be completely full at the end of the day, just as she had planned all along.

At first that plan was an attempt to hedge against the contest's uncertain timing. By preparing slowly and carefully and letting her bladder steadily fill up over the course of the day, Aliyaya could at least be sure that no matter when the contest took place her bladder would be full enough soon enough to participate, and more importantly that it wouldn't be too full too soon and need to be emptied before she could participate. And now that she knew the contest was also scheduled for the end of the day all she had to do was continue with that plan, and the timing would be just perfect. Her bladder would be completely full and she would be completely ready at just the right time to compete at her full potential.

