Gaming Experience

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2014-02-05 02:23

A sequel to an old trilogy, being Serina's Gaming Addiction.

Not much desperation in this one, the story's a bit short, and there's a brief fart scene in it. Enjoy. :D

Copy-pasted from here: http://fav.me/d751p86

A year passes. Serina is now in college pursuing a degree in video game development after putting off several months to get herself caught up with her bills. She lives in the dorm on the top floor, where she spends most of her time playing video games and chatting online with friends on Skype.

Just a month ago, she bought herself a PS4 to play the most recent shooter-RPG. Despite its excellent performance, she was slightly disappointed by its inability to play PS3 games. She deeply hopes that there will eventually be some games up for download on PS4, preferably some classics.

She sets her things down by the window and picks up the controller. "Ugh, what a pain," she mumbled under stress from work. "Maybe some games should clear my mind up."

Serina turns on the console and her TV, which is the same old 28-inch analog TV she had since she lived with her parents. She signs in under her name and loads the game in the disc reader. As the game loads up, she starts to feel uncomfortable in her midsection. She unbuckles her jeans and pulls them down to her knees, revealing an orange diaper. The game finally loads up, and she's ready to play.

Serina starts a new game and almost immediately became bored. She hated having to deal with the intros of role-playing games because they tended to talk a lot throughout the beginning of the game, and her first taste of action is always at least an hour or two into the game. Slowly, she started to become sleepy. But then she started to feel uncomfortable again. She assumed it to be gas buildup. She arches her body forward and takes in a deep breath.

*FFFPPPT*

She sighs in relief as a small wind escapes her body. But it was then when she realizes that she forgot to use the restroom before leaving work today. She didn't want to leave the game running, though. She never knows when she'd be able to end that long intro and get into some action. She would have to hold it in until she can find a way to save the game. Plus, her roommate, Liz, was still in the bathroom doing her hair amongst other things, so that was out of that option.

She sat on the floor with one hand on her sweet spot as she plays through the boring intro. She swore that if she wets herself by the time she gets into any action, she was going to sell the game on eBay. And considering how long she has been holding it, it won't be very long before it happens.

Finally, after three hours of playing through the boring lecture about magic, mystery, and all other things relating to the world's history, she has been put into a fight against some monsters and what might come out as the game's antagonist. "My God," she said in relief, "I thought the teachers in high school talked this much."

Serina is now at the bursting point, but is too much into the game to bother herself to go to the bathroom. "Might as well let it go," she said, realizing what's about to happen. She spreads her legs and takes in a deep breath. She could faintly feel the water flow through her diaper and trickle down her legs, forming a river between her sweet spot and Liz's body, who was sleeping on the floor after watching her roommate play through an interactive movie. In an instant, Liz wakes up.

"Oh, my God!" Serina shouted. "I'm SO sorry!"

Liz, realizing what just happened, becomes furious. But at that moment, she started to feel herself go, too. The pressure was far too big to try to walk to the bathroom. After what had happened, she was almost inclined to go on her roommate. But she felt much more comfortable letting it all out right where she was sitting - on Serina's dirty clothes pile. Both girls then took turns in the shower and changed into some fresh clothes while mopping up the mess they have made. Afterwards, they sat on the beds and enjoyed the game.

*002*2014-02-05 02:46

{{: 

CTRL-Shift-V to paste without any formatting (just highlight the existing text, CTRL-C, CTRL-Shift-V).

}}

Thanks, dude! :D

