"Living In Nowhere" Story (Stories?)

Author: Fae_Enby

*000*2022-08-18 02:36

"Living In Nowhere": Short Story (Stories?)

Warning: This story contains messing. It is contained, however if that is not your thing you may want to stop reading now. I get it's not for everyone and want to warn you ahead of time. Also has some sexual themes so please be advised.

This is my first submission of any sort of fiction so please be kind. Suggestions are welcomed. Also there might be more stories with this character and setting so I hope you enjoy it.

Begin:

The sun began to shine over the horizon revealing a small cottage in the forest. The forest was dense with tall overbearing trees that dance whenever the wind blows. The trees were a mix of skinny trunks topped with dark green needles and wide logs topped with warm colored leaves spreading from long limbs. Fall was in full swing this morning. A chill blew through the air. In the center of this forest, was a cottage. It sat right within the center of this sea of trees. It was a quaint little home. Rectangular in shape with walls made from the trees in the forest that surrounded it. The home had windows on both sides, and a tinier window by the front door of the dwelling.

When facing the front of the house you can see the chimney shooting straight up from the back and a cellar attached to the side. The cottage was modest but beautiful. The outside of the home was just as modest as the cottage. A log splitting station, some flower beds, and a shed surrounded the yard. Around the yard was a fence with a gate enclosed the property. Beyond that were paths that lead into the forest. At the start of each path there were signs pointing in a direction saying things like "Water" or "Town". The signs were crudely made but served their purpose. This was the home of Salem, and the sun was about to pull them out of bed to start the day.

The home fills with light from one of the windows on the side. A warm and inviting room begins to be illuminated. Covered by plants in pots on shelves, and one bigger plant in a pot by the door. The room also held a bookshelf filled with books and some trinkets. Next to that was a wooden desk. This desk had papers, a pen, and an open book on it next to a candle stick that was fully burnt down to the end with dried wax hanging like frozen icicles off a glacier. Against one of the walls opposite of the desk was a bed. On the adjacent wall a little further down from the bed was a closet. As the sun shined through Salem began to stretch awake from a deep slumber.

While rubbing their eyes they began to pull the covers off of them, revealing their body. They were on the slender side with a feminine physique. Their muscles were toned yet lean and a little above average height for being 27. They had orange hair with orange pointed fuzzy ears coming out the top of their head and an orange fuzzy tail coming out above their round and plumb posterior. They awoke in their underwear and shirt. Once they had finished rubbing their eyes, they sprang awake. Salem was going to be in a rush this morning, for they were excited to get back to writing a story they were working on most of the night.

Salem is a fantasy writer at heart. Though it's just a hobby now, they love spending their free time doing it. But as of late they had been going through a dry spell as far as writing goes. But last night they got inspired and feverishly wrote out a chapter idea in their journal. Reading a history textbook gave them inspiration. This idea carried late into the evening so Salem had to stop even though they had more ideas to write down. The story was exciting to write but the household chores needed to be done the next day; so Salem went to bed early. Their days are currently spent between work and maintaining the house. Living in solitude and trying to be Eco-friendly can be time consuming, but to Salem it was worth it.

Their closest neighbor was at least five miles away. It would take at least 20 minutes traveling down a dirt road to reach any "Main Road',' which were long stretches of cracked paved road surrounded by trees and mountain views in the distance. It would be another 40-45 minutes to reach the town of Bridgton. It is a small town with a general store and dinner. However a trip into town was not on Salem's mind today, it was making sure the house had clean water. They needed to go for a trip down to the huge lake in the woods. But it was an hour long trip by electric buggy down a dirt path, and even another hour at most to fill the canisters and load them on the buggy. So they wanted to get the day started.

They shot up out of bed and went into their closet to grab clothes for the house work this morning. It was fall and the woods surrounding Salem's home can get a bit chilly in the morning, and they would be outside for a decent amount of time. They threw on a red flannel with black buttons and some tight fitting overalls with tight leggings underneath for some extra warmth. As their tail poked out the hole in the overalls, Salem glanced in the mirror. They felt that the overalls looked great on them. The outfit was perfect and practical. It would keep them warm while doing chores. Plus it was snug and showed off their feminine physic quite nicely, while still being a bit rugged to boot.

So they smiled and rushed out into the living area to make some quick coffee and have a bagel. They buttered up a bagel and ate it while brewing some coffee to go, a must have every morning for Salem. After this was accomplished they cleaned up and grabbed their coffee and walked to the front door. Before walking out the door though, they put on their beanie and gloves. The beanie was designed to keep their head warm, while also being able to keep their ears up and out so as to not dampen their hearing. They walked out towards the buggy, set their coffee in the cup holder, put the canisters on, and drove off down the trail labeled “water”. As Salem started their journey their stomach started to feel slightly uneasy.

The Journey took a little longer than expected but it was nice. The cool fall breeze and the smell of nature was relaxing to Salem. The trees topped with warm colored leaves flew by and the chilly air of fall caressed Salem’s cheeks as the buggy wizzed along. The lake was starting to become visible and they had just finished their coffee. As they pulled up to the lake the feeling of needing a bathroom came on. I can wait until I get back, Salem thought. Even though the chances of someone being around were low, it was never a 100% guarantee. Salem would rather wait until they got home just to be safe. Besides, they have always talked about having a bladder of steel. So they brushed it off and began the annoying process of loading the buggy with water. It would take some time and effort.

As they began to load the canisters with water their stomach began to cramp a bit and hurt. They thought it might be the midnight snack from last night. Plus the coffee they had started to not sit right in their stomach. They worried now about having a bathroom nearby. If they wind up having to go on that end, they’d need one. Having to squat down in a bush with no wipes sounded horrifying. So they hurried along. But as Salem worked their stomach was telling them they needed to go. The full bladder was not helping either. They finished loading the canisters, sat in the buggy, and ripped it out of there.

They had an hour ride to get home at least, and the bumps along the dirt trail did not help the situation Salem was now in. All they could think about was their bladder and stomach. They began to alternate between holding their crotch and butt. They were trying to think of a strategy. If they moved now they would lose control and lose the battle in their stomach. They thought to maybe alleviate some pressure they could let out little drops of pee slowly over the span of the trip. It would dry quickly and not leave too big of a spot on their overalls. They could make it home then run to the bathroom. Plus it'll be a little warmer for them on the trip home.

The thought made Salem smile with amusement. But the smile began to fade as the desperation worsened. The small leaks on the way were not as helpful as they thought, and a bigger wet patch began to develop on the crotch on the overalls. It was becoming quite noticeable. So they had to stop. They began to worry about not making it home in time. Possibly even having an accident if they didn’t sit on a toilet soon. But something about that thought interested Salem deep down. Their tail swayed a bit as they thought about it. But the thoughts were quickly interrupted. The time for a bathroom was fast approaching.

As Salem rounded a bend on the dirt trail the urge to go intensified. Finally the pain in Salem’s stomach was too much, and they had to pull over. They quickly stopped the buggy. Being outside did not matter anymore. They did not care if anyone would see them. They were deep in the woods and they had to go. They ran for the nearest spot of cover on one side of the trail as quickly as they could. Unfortunately as Salem struggled with the buttons on their overalls, they began to release. They could feel their underwear begin to fill up as they were squatting involuntarily where they stood. They almost weren't even thinking anymore. It just felt so good to empty their body. They squatted down with their plump butt out and just let go, filling their underwear and leggings. With crackling and a bulge slowly developing around their plumb butt they let out an soft “Of fuck” under their breathe.

As they began to bite their lips, a sense of pleasure and confusion washed over them. Salem could not believe this, but they were turned on. Their tail began to wag while filling the seat of their overalls. They began to let their bladder empty too. The patch on the overalls spread more and more, soaking their thighs, calves, socks, and shoes. A puddle began to form underneath where they were crouched. They moved their hand over the wet overalls, right on their crotch. Their hand began to rub up and down. Each rub more intense in pressure and speed with each passing second. They could not help thinking to themselves about how naughty and bad this was, but it felt so good. As that thought passed through their head they reached climax. They let out a moan as their eyes rolled in into the back of their head.

With their mouth agape they said “I’m a bad fox”. Salem plopped down in their mess. Their clean hand shot quickly up to their mouth with a gasp. They immediately realized the situation, shot up, and began to take a quick look around. No one was there. Salem let out a sigh of relief. It would only last for but a moment, for now they were in a mess and had to get home to get cleaned up. As Salem waddled in their soaked and full overalls their tail was wagging. It hadn’t stopped since this all started. Salem just discovered something fun to explore. But for now, they needed to get home, get showered, and out of these clothes. Other things needed to be done today. They climbed in the buggy and began the uncomfortable ride home.

Thank you and hope you enjoyed my first story.

