Nadine’s worst holding

By Peter-P

*000*2021-10-17 19:35

Nadine’s worst holding

Nadine was a beautiful and intelligent woman. She worked in an advertising company. She was successful and liked her work. Besides her job, she had two other hobbies: sexy clothes and she was very proud of the fact, that she had never in her life used a toilet other than her own – not even on business trips. On longer vacations, she rented her own apartments.

On normal days she used the toilet twice: before and after sleeping. Before to be able to sleep and to be full of power the next day and in the morning to be concentrated at work. But at work she drank much coffee, tea and additional much mineral water, so her bladder filled quickly and was really full at about 10 a.m. Nadine then fought down her urgent need to pee and nobody saw her predicament: she did not show anything, was attentively, concentrated and she laughed and smiled much. She did not cross her legs while standing when anybody else was near her, and just crossed it very laxly while sitting, did not fidget nor quiver. Also she never refuse a cup of coffee or a drink in the evening – not even when she was completely desperate and totally frantic in her mind.

On normal days, she went to the bathroom twice: before and after sleeping. Before, to be able to sleep and be full of energy the next day, and in the morning, to be concentrated at work. But at work she drank a lot of coffee, tea and additionally a lot of mineral water, so her bladder filled up quickly and was really full around 10 a.m. Nadine then fought down her urgent need to pee and no one saw her predicament: she didn't show any sign of her urgency and pain, was attentively, focused and she laughed and smiled a lot. She didn't cross her legs while standing, when someone was near her, and sitting down, she crossed them only very loosely, didn't fidget or shake. She also never refused a cup of coffee or a drink in the evening – even when she was completely desperate and totally frantic.

People liked to look at Nadine's beautiful and athletic body, her sexy and tight dresses and her way much too high heeled shoes (16 cm = 6.3"). So she had to be strong throughout the day, as no one was to see her strain and pain with her so much more than overfull bladder.

When her bladder began to bulge in the early afternoon, she tensed her strong abdominal muscles and pulled her belly in – no matter how painful it was. She knew she could take it, and she did.

When she had been at a party until the early morning, she had only peed out the very worst pressure and then gone to bed to sleep. Then in the morning, her bladder was usually so horribly full, that she was afraid to get up. When she did not hear her alarm clock at the first time, she had a real problem: She needed all the remaining time to shower, get dressed and do her hair – and had no time left for her urgently needed morning pee. This happened almost every Friday. Then, when she showered, she was so frantic that she couldn't move normally. She heard the water hissing and felt it against her wonderful thighs, but she didn't want to let go under the nozzle of her shower. That was worse for her than peeing in someone else's toilet – and she never did that. She was so proud of her strong bladder and her amazing willpower, that she refused to pee even in such a situation – well knowing that many hours and some overtime would follow without any opportunity to pee...

Sometimes, when Nadine had a one night stand after a party, she had to hold her even before so extremely bad needed pee anyhow. She liked having sex with her bladder not only bursting, but almost exploding. She got hot when her rockhard bladder massaged her G-spot from the inside her and she reinforced that feeling by pulling her belly in deep in rhythm with the sex. This was really hard to manage, but Nadine didn't want her lover to feel her super full and rockhard bladder – and she enjoyed the feeling of being on the absolute verge of exploding and barely being able to hold back her pee. That made her so absolutely horny. And it was a real challenge, when her lover very persistently gave her all she wanted.

Nadine was not able to sleep after so much strain for her bladder, but could only think of four things, her bladder, sex, peeing and sex again. The pain and her fighting back her pee then kept her awake. But the worst part of the situation was, that she couldn't fight with her whole body against the unbearable pressure of the unimaginable amount of pee that wanted to come out anyway and with all its might. Some nights she had violent cramps and endless bladder colics, but was not even allowed to just shift her body. Her lover shouldn't know, that she had to pee and didn't want to use his toilet – or even her own toilet, when she had him over at her place...

When Nadine was in another apartment or house, she could go home in the morning and pee there. Mostly she then was almost unable to walk, but she forced herself to anyhow walk in a normal looking way. Usually she wore 5" high heels (12,5cm) – without platform, of course. She could walk on it very quickly and in a sexy way. Her legs were bare in the summer and accentuated by a pair of beautiful black silk stockings in the cold season. Her legs were slim, but really strong due to her hard bodybuilding and ballet training. It was nice to see her very feminine calves doing their job as she was clickering along on her so high heels. And on it – if necessary –, she was able to walk a little slower without getting too attentively by that, when her was bladder so extremely overfilled. Of course, her sexy clothes attracted all eyes:

Nadine always wore – even in really cold winters – super short miniskirts, some made of stretchy Lycra, some of black or coloured leather, some of tight denim cotton or silk, but also skintight. It was terribly cold in the winter, but she liked it. Her bladder was never inflamed, and she very rarely caught a cold (her inner fire was too strong). But her full bladder started to cramp in the cold air – but Nadine was a real fighter and she was really proud to cope with a new challenge.

Her waist was slim and her bosom was nice to see. Nadine didn't need any silicone nor a bra – her bosom stood by itself. She was slim and had a well trained body due to her bodybuilding and ballet. So she also liked to wear very tight blouses or shirts.

When 's bladder was really full, she had to be careful that her dress didn't rip – she had to pull her belly in all the time, without a second of mercy... But that made her just stronger! Her beautiful long and curly brown hair played with her fascinatingly beautiful and so expressive face. Her dark brown eyes were always smiling and flirting – even when she was absolutely dying for a bathroom for hours and hours. Also her sexy voice was almost free of strained trembling – and if it was there in case of real emergency, she was able to cover it up with a sexy flirt in her voice.

Sometimes, when Nadine was invited to a party, she also wore 16 cm (6.3") high heels or adventurous, 18 cm (7") skyscraper high extra slim pencil heels. She was so brave and saucy, that she then wore them all day – at work, on the street and at the party all night long. For most women, it's almost impossible to even stand and walk on these shoes, but she was able to walk even fast and sexy on 7" heels – all day long, if necessary. This was the result of her hard ballet training and strong willpower. Her feet were killing her even when she arrived at the office, but she was too ambitious to take the stiletto heels off, not even for a minute. So her bladder and feet protested against her with all their might, but she just did what she did. If the clickering of her heels was too loud to converse while walking, or the ground was weak, she sometimes lifted her heels a little off the ground, but still walked elegantly and sexily, slowly or quickly just as necessary.

Once she came from a party directly to a company outing. Nadine's bladder was full like rarely before, because she hadn't been to the bathroom the last morning before either... She was wearing a silk miniskirt, she had taken off her stockings (a running stich was in it) and she was wearing her 7" heels. It was a cold winter and they were going to take a walk together in a winter snowy forest. She had forgotten about this date and was too proud to go home. She was late, the last one, and her colleagues on the coach had had waited for her. So Nadine made a bad mistake:

She got on the bus. Her legs were cold, her calves cramped from walking more than fast all the way, and her bladder was so full, that she had had tears in her eyes whenever she made a wrong move – like taking the high step onto the coach. Inside, it was nice and warm, but Nadine could barely sit down because her thigh muscles were pressing on her almost exploding bladder. In her much too tight silk miniskirt, she'd had a lot of hard trouble pulling in her belly, but she'd also coped with that problem all night long, anyhow. The added pressure while sitting in the cramped coach made her absolutely frantic, but Nadine just smiled at the others – and didn't let the superhuman effort and her excruciating pain show.

As she sat in her seat, she remembered back to the beginning of the horror:

The day before yesterday, Nadine had been in a pub talking to a nice man. It got late and later. Around midnight they parted and promised to meet again the next day – yesterday. She wanted to dream and just peed away the worst pressure of the whole day and her beer in the evening. Nadine was in love! After hours she fell asleep with an again more than super full bladder. She dreamed of love that night, until a bad noise disturbed her, but she wanted to dream and ignored the noise. Then, after a while it came again and then again – it was her alarm clock – Nadine was late, way too late. She wanted to sit up in her bed, but her bladder was so full, that she screamed for a second. She had to get up quickly and just was not allowed to think about her bladder now – she knew that from previous experiences. But this morning it was really worse!

Nadine gathered all her strength and got up, managed to go to her bathroom, saw her toilet standing there so inviting – a relief so near, but also so far... But Nadine knew she was able to cope with the situation. She took a very short shower, dressed and styled herself as sexy as possible, because she wanted to fascinate her new friend, probably her new lover in the evening. For this she ignored all the warnings of her body and brain. She took the tightest skirt, one made of silk – the fine fabric was so easy to tear and Nadine had the extremely difficult task of pulling in her belly with her bursting bladder so deeply in this very more than torturous bladder pressure situation.

Normally she didn't have such a pressure in the morning, but only sometimes in the late evening, when she had skipped her morning pee and drunk really much beer at a party. But Nadine was in love and she was willing to endure and suffer all the pain in the world for a nice evening and a new love. Also her blouse was the tightest, her stockings very sensitive, but fascinating and her heels of course the highest...

She had half an hour to walk, if she was really fast, then to take the bus and walk again for half an hour. She arrived at her office just seconds before her meeting with an important customer started. Her legs were rockhard and her calves cramped, her bladder was revolting against the overload and the really cold weather, the really thin, skimpy and by the way so much too tight clothes. Her strong and much too wide steps on the much too high heels also shook her bladder with every step – and there were so many steps to be done. She was exhausted, was in the worst pain, and couldn't focus on anything but her bladder. But her job was to negotiate and deal with an important and very difficult customer. She was frustrated and afraid of failing.

Nadine met her customer in her secretary's office and welcomed him. As she took her seat in her chair, her bladder sent a horrible , stabbing pain into her mind. She feared hurting her bladder – it was worse than ever before in her life, but she was fixed in her office for hours now – no chance to relieve herself! And in the evening she would meet her new friend, stay with him, hopefully all night. Could she be nice to him, when her bladder was already in such a criminal state early in the morning? What if she would have sex with him and would to have go straight to the office the next morning? Would her bladder be able to take it? She had never been in such an extreme state before...!

The meeting was pure horror. She drank 7 cups of coffee in her nervous situation and her customer was bugging her to the bone. Every moment he was trying to take advantage, to overreach or cheat her and her company. She couldn't focus on him, but she definitely had to! She tried everything, used her charm, knowledge, intelligence and experience. It was almost impossible, but she was a really strong fighter, focused all her energy on the negotiation. The 5 to 10% of her mind, that was not involved with holding back the incredible pee pressure was successful! She managed to do so, while retracting her still swelling bladder – oh, all that coffee... She had to retract it deeply, because of her too tight and delicate clothes.

Just try to retract your belly for about 5 to 10 minutes with an empty bladder and you'll see it's really hard work.

Nadine did this against a rockhard and steadily swelling bladder, that protruded about 10 cm (4") from her belly, when she woke up in the morning. She was in horrible pain and her eyes and nose were filled with tears and water.

All her files were on different shelves, and she had to constantly get up and sit down, bend over, go down to a lower shelf, stretch up to a high shelf, and so on. Her bladder was revolting with every breath she took – and we know how much she had to act.

Nadine's client went to the bathroom three times and she was left in silence – alone with her thoughts alerting her to empty her overstretched, but so extremely squeezed bladder before the big bang would come. She crossed her legs really tight and very hard. So Nadine tried to hold back her pee, but the cruel pressure was so much too strong. Unfortunately, she didn't have any chance to go. She was so horribly desperate and frantic in her pain and by her now real fear of exploding and ripping her bladder this time. Then Nadine's customer returned. She heard his footsteps and had to uncross her legs – what a torture, what a torment, what an agony. And so it went on and on and on this way.

At lunch time Nadine invited her client to a nearby restaurant and they had a nice meal, nice for someone with an empty bladder... Her client drank some beer and Nadine did the same. She could drink a lot of beer without losing her concentration, so she hoped to make the customer weak with the alcohol. After 5 glasses, her bladder had filled up so much, that she now had a constant stabbing pain in her belly. It was made worse by some regular cramps and by some overly strong cramps. Nadine's whole body revolted, trying to squeeze out all the water, which threatened to burst her poor bladder. But Nadine was not allowed let her pee out - no way! She was too ambitious to never go to someone else's bathroom – she had never done that in her life and never would do in her life!

The negotiations dragged on, her customer used the bathroom and she suffered in absolute panic, but Nadine was not allowed to show any sign of her predicament, let alone to go and relieve her tortured bladder... At 9 p.m. – and a many cups of coffee later – the contract was fixed, signed and sealed, and Nadine walked her customer to the door. Her secretary had left and Nadine was alone in the building. Now she started crying because her bladder was so horribly overfilled that she was going crazy. Nadine crossed her legs in front of the elevator and twisted it as hard as she could. Her athletic legs almost broke from the effort. Oh Nadine, what have you done...? This was the limit of her abilities to hold back her pee, she knew. She didn't know how she was going to get home in this condition! How to reach her one and only private toilet?

Nadine picked up her blazer and started to make her way out. She locked her office and entered the elevator. The doors closed and the elevator went from the 20th floor to the ground floor. Then it arrived and stopped – very abruptly. Nadine felt her bladder at her knees, propelled by gravity. Her pee pulled her bladder down, but Nadine still retracted her belly in to save her skirt and blouse. The excruciating pain was worse than ever in her life, but she fought her pee back into her bladder and her bladder back into its constricted position, compressed inside her flat belly, but this pushed up to her lungs. She could feel her heartbeat against her bladder, each breath a pure horror.

Nadine was in a state that was too much for a living being – also too much for her super trained bladder, body and willpower. But she stepped out of the elevator, opened the door with her key and went out. A shock of freezing hit her, an ice storm drove around the house – and she was in her summer dress to impress her new friend...

Her bladder spasmed, Nadine saw stars behind her eyes as her bladder tried to push out the awful amount of fluid. She clenched her teeth, telling herself that she had to meet her new love now – otherwise he would misunderstand the situation. She knew she was fascinatingly beautiful and no one would leave her unless she left him, but her mind told her she had to hold her pee and to her promised date. And that's what Nadine did. She fought to reach the bus stop, but the last bus had already left.

Her smartphone had not been charged during the night and she could not call a cab. Her mind was a bit confused now and she didn't think of going back to the office to call a cab. Nadine walked all the way to the restaurant on her 7" high heels and in her silk summer dress. Her bladder was torturing her in the cold, but no one saw her bend over again and again. And no one saw that she was crying. The cold storm froze her tears and blew them away. Nadine walked as fast as she could – and she really had strong legs. Her steps were wide, far too wide for her high heels, but she tensed her calves with all her might to pull her less then pencil thin 7" heels up a little off the pavement. Her legs started burning from the effort and also from the freezing cold air cooling down her "muscle engines." Her feet bent backward at a 45 degree angle in relation to her legs.

That wasn't 90 degrees from the normal foot position, since her sky high heels forced her feet into a vertical position all day, but it was 135 degrees – more than the best ballet girl can normally force her feet back. Now her whole body was a hellfire of pain: her bladder really about to explode, but forced to hold back with all might all day, steadily filled and filled the whole time. Then her feet, almost broken by her effort to save the thin heels while taking so much to wide steps for about an hour. Her thighs by the effort of walking so quick, her lungs by the cold storm, and the rest of her body by the freezing cold air too. But Nadine kept walking on – she had never given up in in her entire life. She would reach her appointment or she would die, either by an exploding bladder or by freezing to death.

After a never ending walk, Nadine reached the restaurant, just fifteen minutes late. With sneakers on, she once walked as fast as she could, and she had needed 10 more minutes... But Nadine was a fighter – to cope with impossible tasks was her specialty.

In the restaurant Nadine met her friend and got a lovely welcome kiss – that was the reward for all the torture.

Then Nadine went to the ladies. But Nadine...!!! – No, she refused to pee – she brushed her long hair and styled her red frozen face. And she went back to her friend without losing a drop of pee!

They had a nice dinner and drank wine. It was a super evening and Nadine and her friend Peter took a cab and spent a night together in Peter's apartment. Nadine anyhow didn't show any sign on about her emergency in her so overstretched and overstrained bladder. She retracted her belly in with all her might – just a little deeper than just back to be flat, but she was strong enough to do this all night long. Nadine lay on her belly, sat with her legs spread, lay with her legs spread, had all of Peter's weight on her bladder in addition – and the rhythm of the sex kept pushing and squeezing on her bladder too, squeezed her bladder again and again, she also was pressed against the edge of a table (when they were also having sex in the kitchen) and the rhythm drove the edge of a table into her bladder from outside of her body.

Every push of Peter's weight caused horrible spasms in Nadine's bladder. This bladder was so much too strong. It didn't explode, it didn't let go involuntarily, it didn't weaken to keep from spasming... Nadine never had such a pain before – but Nadine was horny and got hotter and hotter. All her orgasms put her in a mood to let herself go, just like all the pee, but she didn't let a single drop escape.

Sometime the alarm clock rang and the night and all sex was over – time for the office!

Nadine and Peter showered together for a long time and had short sex one last time – just the last time that morning. Horror for Nadine's bladder, all the water and also the new pressure again and again, but Nadine enjoyed it. She couldn't put her bladder's signals back for just a single second, wanting to shift, to fidget, to twist her legs, to cry, to scream, to let go, to die – but instead of it, she kissed, gritting her teeth, she smiled instead of grimacing, she spread her legs instead of twisting them, she lifted up one leg at Peter's side instead of holding it straight, and she pressed against him instead of pushing away everything tightening. She retracted her belly as hard as she was able to, and even a little more – without losing a single drop – in rhythm with the sex, instead of letting her bladder stick out the 10 or 15 or 20 inches it probably normally would in this state. Nadine was in love.

Then Nadine put on her dress and shoes – the extreme stilettos again, just without thinking – and walked as fast as she could to her company. It was freezing cold again, constant bladder spasms were fighting her down, her legs were weak and her calves were cramping like never before.

Nadine arrived, saw the coach for the company trip and got in...

During the bus ride, Nadine's mind returned to her, feeling the horrible spasms of her bladder and being so wedged between the tight seats. Her abdominal muscles were also weak and crampy after all yesterday's strain and the all night long. Her feet and calves were cramped, but there was no space to stretch her legs. Nadine squeezed her legs together and felt her pee getting closer to her peehole any second. The coach was bumping through some potholes all the time and Nadine felt her tears coming up – but she wasn't allowed to cry. Her colleague from the seat in front of her told her something, Nadine bent over to listen and felt a horrible pain with full force.

Nothing distracted her from her body this time. But Nadine – as always – let nothing of her agony and torture show and a long conversation began. She sat bent over and listened to her front seat neighbour. Nadine didn't dare show her pain and kept smiling at him again and again. He thought of flirting and continued the conversation endlessly. Nadine suffered in her agony, feeling like she was in a hellfire, but didn't let it show. Her muscles were getting weaker and weaker, but she still held back her pee back in and showed no sign of her terribly cruel and endless need to pee and all her pain for now more than 28 hours. Nadine you superwoman, how can you stand all this?

As time went by, Nadine's bladder had still filled even more and more. It was almost impossible, but somehow her kidneys kept pressing more and more urine into her bladder. She had drunk so much coffee and beer, again coffee and wine. All this liquid wanted to come out of her. But Nadine held it back – somehow and without any outward sign of pain. Her legs were under the seat in front of her, she was bent forward and her high heels forced her feet to be vertical, while her long legs were more horizontal... 

Nadine tried to save her thin pencil heels by forcing herself to hold it up off the floor with all her strength. And we know, she was strong and she did what she wanted to do. By the time Nadine reached a position, where her feet were at a right angle to her legs, bent almost 270 degrees. Her calves burned, became weak and remained in a constant muscle cramp. And Nadine is smiling and talks about such unimportant topics with someone she doesn't care about – does this for almost an hour now, just to not show that she is at the end of her rope...

Due to the constant cramps of her bladder, which are still regularly intensified by the worst colics, and her constant cramps in her calves, Nadine's thighs also start cramping. This is a full force cramp, that also increases her calf cramps and her buttock muscles also start cramping. Her thighs, now so hard and much larger, press on Nadine's belly and her bladder begins to increase the colics until it is almost continuous. Nadine's desperation increases even more – and Nadine acts as she always does in an emergency: she bends over a little, just to show that there is no problem... She doesn't think about it, just functions, tries to concentrate a little more on the conversation and sees the whole milky way behind her eyes. But Nadine does not give in!

A very bumpy lane leads the coach into the forest to a parking area. All the bumps make conversation impossible. Nadine remains in her terrible position and feels every bump with full force on the front of her belly – her bladder screams and the agony makes Nadine immovable. When the coach stops, no one sees the woman bent over and completely cramped in her seat. Finally she stands up, feels how heavy her so terribly overfilled bladder is, tears come to her eyes, a soundless scream comes out of her, but she starts walking towards the doors. Her cramped calves force her feet to an angle backwards, she steps out on her tiptoes. The cold air makes it even worse; she's wearing only her much too tight summer dress, her black stockings discarded, because they didn't survive last evening. Her solarium bronzed legs are bare and the freezing cold climbs up under her thin miniskirt, into her and her bladder shows a new super power series of cramps.

Nadine is almost dying, but she holds back her pee, even now, and starts to smile as if it were a beautiful day in May. She tries to get her feet back into their normal position – the normal position for her 7" heels, but it's not possible. Either she takes off her shoes and puts her feet flat on the ground, or the cramps stay. Resignedly Nadine steps on, her feet in a very strange position. They are no longer bent so far back that she walks on the top of her tip toes, but her heels are far away from the ground. Her steps are nevertheless regular – Nadine is used to enduring pain without showing it. Otherwise, her bladder would be empty for about 30 hours and she would not be able to walk in these shoes, but only stand up in them and walk a few steps slowly after a long training. Nadine walks on and shows her sexy legs. She doesn't show that she is freezing, but starts walking as sexy as she can – just not to show how hard it is even for her.

Her bladder doesn't like this hip swinging at all and reacts with protest. Any other bladder would have given up long ago, either let go or stopped spasming, but Nadine's bladder is too strong to weaken enough – just as Nadine is strong enough to endure a hellfire inside her for more than a day and a half without showing any sign of her agony.

The hours fly by and in the afternoon they reach a restaurant in the middle of the forest and have lunch. Nadine eats only a small salad and drinks a hot coffee. Her bladder welcomes the extra liquid with a series of more and more horrible cramps and colics.

The bus ride back is just as horrible as the last time, her bladder protests, her feet, calves and legs, ass and everything cramps, her feet stay in a horrible position, but Nadine smiles and talks...

Back in the office they decide to have a beer together and Nadine accompanies them and drinks a lot of beer, just not to show that she is a person who sometimes has to pee... Her colleagues know about Nadine's ability to drink a lot without any peeing, and they secretly make a bet and try to make her pee. No one suspects the hellfire inside Nadine and they give her more and more to drink. Nadine is no longer able to think clear – not from the alcohol, but from her pain. So Nadine just functions again – on and on and on.

At midnight they go home, Nadine has had 10 pints of beer and 4 full pints of coke. Her bladder doesn't expand anymore – fortunately, but the pressure is more than unbearable. Nadine gets up and the hellfire inside her glows to a point she is not able feel a difference anymore. Her pain is at the absolute limit of pain, worse than childbirth. But Nadine walks out, tears in her eyes, a soundless scream grimaces her face, but Nadine still holds it in – not a drop has escaped!

On her cramped legs, Nadine now walks very slowly. No one is there to look – she has no reason to hide her pain and all her strain. Nadine's eyes fill with tears and she lets them out. But this is no relief for her poor bladder...! And she tiptoes along the over the pavement on tiptoe with her feet completely cramped. In the morning – it is Saturday – Nadine reaches her home and makes her way to the toilet.

As Nadine starts opening her floodgates, her phone begins to ring. Nadine interrupts her so urgently needed pee, cuts off the first hard stream without thinking about what she is doing and picks up the phone. It's Peter! He surprisingly wants to visit Nadine and he is just a few streets away. Nadine takes off her clothes, takes a quick shower, puts on new clothes – also extremely tight and another pair of shoes now with even 18 cm = 7" heels (again no platforms, of course). Nadine's abs have got so exhausted, sore and weak from retracting her rockhard overfilled belly for now almost 48 hours that she takes a strong corset this time. Then she quickly styles herself – and the doorbell rings.

Peter is fascinated by Nadine. And he starts to joke with the corset and starts to tighten it a little bit more. Nadine starts to smile in her pain – as Nadine never shows her pain or exhaustion... Peter misinterprets this smile and pulls it even tighter and tighter, and Nadine – smiles. This seems to be a game, Peter thinks and takes all his strength to tighten Nadine's waist. Nadine lets him do it and – smiles...

Then they both decide to go for a walk in the nearby forest. Nadine is almost unable to speak and just nods. Peter asks her about her thin summer dress and Nadine says, that she wore such clothes in the forest yesterday too. Peter asks her about her shoes and sexy Nadine wants to impress him, so she keeps her 7" heels on. So they make their way to the forest. Nadine's feet are still cramped, when Peter sees that, but Nadine quickly tells him about her hard workout and Peter believes in her strong muscles – without thinking about how they looked last night. Nadine takes all her last effort and walks on her pencil heels as quick as Peter walks. Peter is fascinated and pushes the pace, Nadine fights and her legs cramp more and more. She says that this is a nice pace and that she likes to challenge her legs and feet. Peter enjoys the power of his new love – a fascinating wonder woman, a real supergirl!

Nadine's bladder is now at its absolute limit, her letting go, stopping to pee at full force without any relief, and then the shower – and finally the corset, which presses so hard on it in a way, that even Nadine can't stand it. After a full hour, she starts slowing down and ends up twisting her legs. Peter asks her if she wants to pee – but Nadine refuses: "No, I can stand it – I'll go at home, later!" and she continues walking anyhow. Peter is fascinated and doesn't want to stop her fascinating act. Her idea to hold it is a really good idea, he thinks...

Nadine has to stop again and again, but she gets angry that she could not hide her need. She runs further and further into the cold forest and her need to pee grows and grows even more and more. The pain is incredibly horrible and more than cruel, but Nadine sees that her pain didn't increase anymore. All the cramps and colic of her bladder are still active, but she is able to hold back her pee – so she decides to hold it in for the rest of the day. She sees Peter's fascination with her ability to hold back her pee in a cold forest and even with a corset tied up as tight as possible. Nadine is now really fighting to impress Peter. She wants to reach midnight without even leaking!

Peter starts asking her about her full bladder. She had not drunk any glass when he arrived. Is it normal for her to need to pee so bad in the morning, but then would she be able to wear a tight corset then? Illogical...!

Now Nadine starts to tell Peter about her history: She has never peed in other people's toilets all her life long. Peter is fascinated and asks her how long she held back this overly full and rockhard bladder with all her pee. Nadine sees the real interest and tells him the truth. Nadine is almost unable to speak in her tight corset, but she keeps talking and talking... Her mind makes her feel all the pain of the last 55 hours again, she has to stop again, to twist her legs. But she talks and talks. And Peter listens and asks her. Nadine has to tell him all the details, her feelings, her struggle and fighting and so on.

This makes her feel it more intense than when she was holding it in the negotiations, while having sex and on the company trip in the coach and the cold forest. This and the current freezing cold make it even worse for her. She is now unable to simply try to shift her mind away from her painful feelings. Before, she could think of nothing but peeing, but now it is a multiplication of her pain and her urge grows into a big, bad monster that squeezes her pee out of her with demonic power. Nadine wants to cry, she wants to let go – for the first time in her life. But Nadine sees the completely fascinated eyes, Peter's eyes. She loves him and wants to fight for him – endlessly, if he wants to see her fight on and on.

Now even Peter feels the cold in his parka and wants to go on to warm up again. Nadine is unable to walk, her legs are twisted and she needs all her strength to hold it. But Nadine again just functions, she starts walking next to Peter, her heels are a little above the soft forest ground and her legs are now almost as hard as her bladder. They reach Nadine’s apartment in the late evening. Peter is using her toilet – there is no way for her to pee now (according to her own old rules). She has to hold it in until Peter has left and she has disinfected the toilet. Not for fear of catching an infect, but to make it her own loo again.

After disinfecting, she has to wait an hour and a half, then it's hers again... But Peter wants to stay the weekend. Nadine is full of love, but also in absolute panic: she will not be able to hold it until midnight and of course not the whole weekend... From Thursday 0:00 a.m. she has held it in until now, almost Sunday morning 0:00 a.m., almost 3 days and nights – about 70 hours in such a hellfire state... And she is supposed to hold it for another 24 hours, then the night and – no disinfection, no peeing – not for the whole working day... about 115 hours?!! What if Peter picks her up at her office and they have sex, another 24 hours – about 140 hours total.

Nadine decided to show Peter her bladder now. She took off the corset with his help and her bladder was bulging, sticking out more than 16 cm. Peter was surprised and scared by the force of Nadine's pee in her bladder – would it explode? How had she survived this stage? He asked her. And Nadine told him about her rules and her fear to suffer up to 140 and more hours...

But Nadine was wrong, Peter kept her away from her toilet the whole next week, Nadine wore her 7" heels, her legs were cramped, she showed Peter how far she could bend her feet back – and reached a new record. Her bladder grew more and more without a corset. It stopped at about 20 cm – she looked like she was 9 months pregnant just before giving birth. Nadine couldn't stand the pain – and wouldn't have done this on her own, but she loved Peter. Her strong bladder still revolted all day and night.

Nadine started dancing ballet with very acrobatic and erotic figures for Peter – her bladder had a more than hard time. Sometimes after very hard ballet figures or while her hard bodybuilding workout, her bladder got really weak and was about to would give in – for a few minutes or even an hour. Then it even stopped cramping for a while. That's how the night went on. Nadine was able to cover her pain and she did everything she could to fascinate Peter. And anyhow in the morning she worked. She mustered all her last strength, tensed her weak and burning muscles, and pressed her now even so much fuller bladder back into position. And she held it! She didn't let her belly stick out and not a single drop escaped. Then she walked to her office. That evening Peter picked her up – there was no way for her to pee and she refused the relief in the ladies room at the office, what was originally so close. She was so strong on a horrible Monday, and a cruel Tuesday.

On Wednesday her vacation began and Peter, who now was afraid about her health, but not willing to let her go, if she was able and willing to hold it, took her to buy a discipline and training corset. Nadine’s hardest time began:

She had to press her bladder in deeply, but she refused to pee all day. At midnight, Peter put a billiard ball into her corset and laced it as tight as possible, but Nadine – in tears and completely sweaty – refused to pee. Peter had used her toilet. She hadn't told him about this rule, but now she had to hold it back further. Nadine had sex with Peter that night, still in her corset with the ball fixed in it. By Thursday, Nadine was weak and crying silently, but she knew she had to endure and hold it. Peter was now living in her apartment, no longer using his own apartment, not even for some hours. He helped her in the household and also spent some money on the groceries, but he also used her toilet...

Nadine was so horribly desperate, she didn't want to tell Peter, that she wanted to disinfect her toilet of him before using it... But she was so weak, so tired, and she danced for him every hour and she had sex with him and she exercised and worked out her body – but her pain and her so demonic terrible need to pee was too much for her – for some days now, but she couldn't go...

After 10 days her kidneys started to hurt and now Peter forced her to go. Nadine went to the toilet, disinfected it and came back after a while. Then Peter used the loo. This happened three times. Just try to imagine Nadine's frustration...

Then Peter asked Nadine about her disinfection, he smelled. And he told her that she still looked strained and did not sleep. Now Nadine started to cry and told Peter everything, the full truth. They then decided to make Nadine wait until a round number of hours was full and during that time Peter did not go to the bathroom, he watched Nadine's endless peeing. She had held it in for full 250 hours and her bladder had expanded to 3 liters and a few drops. The first time her pee didn't come out, but then it did, slowly at first and then for minutes like a gusher or a big fire hose.

After that, Nadine’s bladder produced more pee, but she slept very deep after so many days of stress, strain and worst pain. When she woke up, her kidneys did not ache any more, but her bladder was again as full as before... Nadine decided to hold it for Peter again, to stand all the pain and be strong to look into two fascinated looking eyes. Peter enjoyed every minute and asked Nadine to wear her 7" heels forever. She agreed and further on used her toilet just every second day before sleeping.

On weekends and while vacation she completely refused to pee. Weekends were "no pee days" for her and vacations were "once a week" times. But then this included a complete emptying of her bladder – including the residual water, waiting behind the kidneys or in the body, not just a pee. And once a year, Nadine tries to force herself to hold it for 250+ hours under the worst of circumstances. This year, she filled her bladder to 3.7 liters from the outside with a catheter and held it, screaming and crying by her horrible pain, for 300 hours without drinking much.

Her kidneys are still fine, kidneys as strong as Nadine herself. The last 100 hours Peter has tried with all (not too dangerous) means to get the pee out of Nadine: sex, a new and stronger corset, walks by a waterfall, cold showers and much more. Nadine did everything for him, but successfully refused to pee until the 300 hours were over.

This time the pressure inside her – still with the corset – was so strong that she started to pee with such a strong stream, that Peter told her to cut it off again. She – you won't believe it – did it with tears in her eyes, and went with him into the forest. Then he told her to see, how far she could pee with that pressure. She took off her miniskirt, bent over backwards and peed – but I won't tell you how far, because you won't believe it

