Two Desperate Girls and Chad :p

Author: ElSuave

*000*2011-07-11 05:58

I just found this one in my drawer from a few years ago. Totally forgot I wrote it! It sounds a little juvenile perhaps, but I was around 17 at the time. I especially like the part where I used my name as the main character.

CAUTION: Contains bisexual actions, watersports, female desperation, and good wank material.

Rhiannon shivered as her full bladder began threatening to burst. She had only drank a few coolers since she arrived at the party, but her bladder was small, and her muscles not strong enough to hold it in much longer. She was getting anxious, and knew that she needed to pee as soon as possible. She hadn't had to go this bad since the car ride to a concert she had gone to a month ago. She remembered what had happened that night...she had started to let spurts of pee escape from her rock hard bladder as she attempted to run to the bathroom.

Tonight she was having the same feeling, as she hadn't peed in about four hours. She made her way to the backyard of Chad's house, getting more anxious and more aroused as she went. She spotted Ally almost immediately, helping herself to yet another drink. 'Hmm..." thought Rhiannon, 'I bet she wont't be able to hold it much longer either.' And she was right. Ally looked up and saw Rhiannon, and immediately her eyes widened as she walked quickly towards her friend.

"Rhiannon! I have to go pee so bad! Come with me? I can't hold it anymore..."

Rhiannon tried to hide her excitement, but bit her lip and replied,

"Me too Ally, I feel like I'm going to wet myself!"

Then she had an idea, and she knew that she couldn't hide her excitement (or hold her pee) any longer.

"Ally...Do you think we should go get Chad?"

Immediately Ally could see what Rhiannon was thinking, and her eyes lit up as she nodded. They walked into the house, desperately trying to hold in their pee. Chad was in the kitchen restocking the fridge with Stella Artois and Heineken, and greeted them casually.

"Having fun?"

Rhiannon put her arms around Chad and whispered into his ear.

"Ally and I are bursting for a pee, and we really can't hold it in any longer," she said with a naughty smile.

Chad swallowed nervously as Ally came closer and started rubbing her hand between his thighs, as her other hand was pressed tight against her vagina. The girls ushered Chad down the hall into the bathroom and they began undressing each other, while the hot water flowing into the bathtub created a thick cloud of steam in the room. Rhiannon could feel herself loosing control and she placed her hand to her pee hole as she let out a dribble of warm pee. Ally was sitting on the edge of the tub with her legs crossed and holding herself in pure desperation. Chad looked greedily at her as she bit her lip and tapped her pedicured toes on the tile floor, trying to distract herself. The three of them climbed into the tub and the two girls began kissing and rubbing each others thighs. Finally Ally looked at Chad and told him that she couldn't wait, so she climbed on top of Chad, who was laying down in the tub, and squatted over his chest.

As she began to relax her bladder, a hot stream of clear pee sprayed out of her pee hole. As her pee flowed out of her small, aching bladder and on to Chad's chest, Ally slowly rubbed her clit and brought herself to a rippling orgasm.

Meanwhile, Rhiannon was struggling terribly to hold on. She sat on Chad's lower half and slid his cock deep inside her vagina. As she began to ride him, she pressed her hand against her bladder and started to wine and moan, out of pain and pleasure. She could feel her pee squirting out of her with every thrust, and she remissnessed to Chad about how badly she needed to pee. Then all at once she relaxed her muscles and her warm pee gushed all over as she emptied her full bladder on to Chad's body. After she reached her climax, the two girls kissed and licked with Chad for a few more minutes before cleaning up and getting dressed. As they joined the party once again, Chad with a delighted smile on his face, Rhiannon turned to Ally and whispered, "Ready for round two?" Ally smiled naughtily and replied, "Let's play 'Hold It'!" as she handed Rhiannon a Smirnoff Ice.

Fin.

