The Case of The Litter Box

Author: boxes

*000*2014-07-11 03:45

First fanfiction ever for me to post on here. This is Hetalia fanfiction, but this is an AU where the characters are not nations, so it should be easy for someone who has never watched/read Hetalia to follow along.

This story has a basic premise: Cat/human hybrids, of the neko variety of human-looking with cat tails and cat ears, are popular pets for the rich. Antonio's just a guy trying to score a job to pay for his new apartment. Lovino's just a pet on vacation with his Russian owner, who seems to have vanished.

Summary: Lovino needs something, but language barriers get tiring. Antonio still doesn't understand this new houseguest he took in.

For this chapter-- Softcore, desperation, wetting, no sex, no masturbation, no romance

Chapter 1 -- Korobka, Russian for Box

"Korobka."

Antonio stared at him in deep concentration. The Spaniard leaned in, and Lovino leaned away, his feline ears flicking down.

Frustrated, Lovino sounded it out, "Ko. Rob. Ka."

Antonio leaned back with a sigh. "Repeating it isn't going to make me understand, Lovi." Lovino scowled at the nickname, his long brown tail thumping on the floor in annoyance. "I'm sorry, but I don't understand what you're asking for."

Antonio gave up, getting up off the floor. As he started leaving the room, Lovino meowed at him in question.

"I'm going to start on dinner, that's it," Antonio assured him, flashing the hybrid a smile. "C'mon, you need to tell me what you can and can't eat. I've never had a cat before; I hope I have something you can eat."

Lovino huffed, but hopped out of the cardboard box to follow him to the kitchen. There'd be no 'telling' of anything--hybrids usually couldn't speak without excessive training, and even then only select words. Antonio had no idea if he could even understand English. He had, after all, found him lost on the street a few hours ago.

Antonio gave Lovino's brown hair a ruffle as he walked beside him, and quickly snatched away his hand before he could be bitten. While any claws were muffled by a pair of mittens, his teeth were another matter.

Regardless, he chattered as happily as ever. "I just moved in the other week. It's not much, and I haven't had much time to go shopping, but it's home."

He entered the kitchen, chuckling when Lovino poked his head around the open space to look inside when he opened the fridge. "You're fine with chicken, right? I'll throw in some vegetables, too."

The hybrid spent the next half hour searching the cabinets and cupboards of the kitchen while Antonio cooked. Antonio kept one eye on the food, one eye on his new pet, shutting cabinets as needed, but mostly trying not to laugh when Lovino sneezed after sniffing a spice too closely.

Just as Antonio was serving the food on plates, Lovino bounced over to him, poking his arm. "Korobka," he snapped.

Antonio shook his head. "We're about to eat. That can wait." He could barely even say the foreign word, but surely whatever it was could wait another half an hour?

He took the plates to the table, Lovino bouncing along eager to start eating. Antonio placed glasses of water by each plate.

Lovino sat down at a chair, and frowned. Antonio watched him with a smile and muffled giggles as the hybrid squirmed on the seat, trying to find a comfortable position. The giggles earned Antonio a glare and a blushing hybrid, but it was worth it.

Antonio started on his own food. However, he paused before the first bite, and put his fork back down with a frown. "Now what's the matter?"

"Miao." Lovino pressed his face to the rim of the glass, sticking his tongue in to try to reach the water.

Antonio might have face-palmed. "Of course," he sighed, exasperated with this whole business. "You're part cat, you lap up your water. Hold on," he said, getting up to grab a bowl. After transferring it from the glass to the bowl, he moved the water closer to Lovino. "Better?"

Lovino nodded, grinning wide. He lapped up the water, receiving a grin in return from Antonio. "Miao~!" he cheered, and moved on to the main course.

Antonio's grin wavered, watching this part human tear into the meat sans utensils like a savage. Part animal. Right. There was also the little fact that Lovino likely couldn't pick anything up with those mittens on. "Lovi, you could eat with a fork," he ventured, "if you let me take off those mittens."

Lovino snapped his head up to hiss at him, and go right back to eating. Antonio sighed, returning his attention to his own food. He tried.

###

In the middle of the night, Antonio jerked awake. He pushed himself to sit up with a yawn, blinking bleary eyes at the bedroom around him. Dark? The clock read midnight. Why had he-

"Korobka-"

Antonio almost screamed, flinching at the sudden appearance of hazel eyes. He fumbled for the lamp on his nightstand, his fingers searching for the switch. He sighed in relief as the light went on, illuminating his houseguest. "Lovino, don't scare me like that..."

Lovino kneeled on the floor just beside Antonio's bed, scowling and rocking in place, his face bright red. Gone was the designer outfit Antonio had found him in, the human having helped him change into pajamas before they settled into bed; Antonio had taken his own bed, Lovino slept on a nest of blankets.

Antonio focused on the redness, putting his hands on Lovino's face to check temperature. "Are you feeling sick? You're all red, do you have a fever?" he asked, concern filling his voice. "I have some medicine, but I don't know if it's safe for you-"

Lovino shook his head, whimpering. "Korobka," he insisted, urgency in his tone.

Letting his hands fall away, Antonio sighed, tired. "We went over this already," he groaned. "I don't have a clue what that is. Is it even English?"

"Korobka!"

"Right..." Antonio yawned, getting up to put on a bathrobe seeing as he likely wouldn't be going back to sleep anytime soon. Lovino watched him, not getting up. His tail barely moved.

Finally, Antonio faced him, holding out his arms in surrender. "Well? Let's try and figure out how to communicate."

Lovino slowly stood up, jamming his mittened hands between shaking legs, even if he could barely grip anything with them. Antonio's eyes widened, realizing the problem as the hybrid grit his teeth.

"You need the toilet," blurted out Antonio. "Why didn't you say anything? No, wait, you already tried." He groaned.

"C'mon, the toilet's right over here." Lovino scurried over, squirming and pawing at his crotch. Antonio opened the bathroom door, gesturing to the toilet. "Right in here," he coaxed, when Lovino hesitated.

"...here." Antonio pointed to the toilet. "You 'go' in here."

Lovino stared at the human as if he'd sprouted three heads. Antonio's face fell. "...you've never been 'potty'-trained before, have you?" Oh dear. Oh god. He did not look forward to explaining to the landlord in the morning exactly why the floor was stained with cat urine.

"You just aim," Antonio awkwardly tried to explain, lifting the toilet seat. "-and, well, go."

Confused stare. A whimper.

"Uh." Antonio put down the toilet seat. "...can you sit? Just, um, pull down your -cough- pants and sit, and go."

Lovino whined, "Korobka."

"Isn't this your korobka?" Antonio himself was whining, desperate to help this desperate hybrid. Lovino shook his head, twisting his legs.

Antonio started pacing, walking out of the bathroom. "Think, think! Uh...dogs!" He snapped his fingers, grinning, and turned back to Lovino.

"You need to be walked!" he proclaimed, proud to have figured that out. A korobka must be a walk! That in mind, Antonio grabbed his keys, and shoved his feet in slippers. He grabbed another pair of slippers and a hat to present to Lovino.

When the hybrid didn't immediately take the items, Antonio faltered. "You really need to go," he mumbled, and quickly put the hat on over Lovino's head to hide the ears and inched the slipped on him.

"C'mon." He almost grabbed his arm, but thought better of it, and led the way outside, checking both ways for any night owl neighbors. "Don't meow," he warned. Pets weren't allowed in this apartment complex, not even one that bragged human parts.

Lovino whimpered, and Antonio hid his tail under the borrowed nightshirt. "We'll be somewhere you can go soon," he assured him in a whisper. "Just hold on a little longer and be quiet."

Antonio led him along the carpeted hallway, and down the stairs. Lovino hesitated at the stairs, but after nearly doubling over, hopped his way down. "Good, good," Antonio praised softly, "You're doing good."

He coached him along, all the way out the door. Standing outside that building, in front of a large expanse of similar buildings and asphalt, Antonio could see Lovino almost lose it.

"We're going around the back," he quickly said as Lovino choked a sob, a damp patch appearing on the borrowed sweatpants in the dim fluorescent light. Antonio jumped into action, rushing Lovino out of view of the cameras, showering him with encouraging words.

"Hold it, just a few minutes more, maybe not even a minute, c'mon hold out, for me!"

It was ridiculous, cheering on a cat-like foreigner to hold his pee. If someone had told Antonio he'd be doing this kind of thing a week ago, well, he really didn't know how he'd have reacted.

They reached the forest area behind the building, stumbling down the hill to get as close as possible.

"Okay, go, go!" Antonio stopped at the edge of the thick vegetation blocking entry, and spun around and covered his eyes. "I'll be right here, and we can go back inside once you're done," he said, confident he'd done the right thing. Although, those pants would be a bitch to wash.

A whimper and sob broke Antonio's thoughts. "...korob...ka..?" Lovino sobbed, making Antonio think twice about what he understood a 'korobka' to be.

"Just take off your pants and go," Antonio instructed, pleading.

A sob. "Nyet..?" It broke his heart.

As a hissing sound started, a muffled one that was definitely a pair of beloved sweatpants getting stained beyond repair, the full-on crying started.

Oh no.

Now he'd have to smuggle a very soggy pet back inside the apartment.

Korobka = box

Nyet = no

Cyrillic lettering not used for sake of English audience.

((Done in a three-hour burst of energy.))

*002*2014-07-13 01:50

Thank you. I've been lurking on this site for years and there's my first post up there, I'm all confused about everything. I didn't expect it to appear so long ^^; I still need to think of what job(s) to give Antonio, and if to make thiis story go in the diaper direction.

Anyone want ant to help me decide? More wettings, managing to find someplace to pee, or the diapers? I'm thinking of having some messing, but I'm not sure about that. I only just got up the courage to write omo stories, I'm all pumped up and ready to write anything and everything!

*007*2014-07-14 14:19

Thank you for the positive feedback!

In this chapter-- desperation

Chapter 2-- Nyet, Nyet, Nyet!

"Lovino. I'm going to say this one more time: get in the shower, and strip."

Lovino crossed his arms, still as a statue, his face red from the absurd command. Honestly, he just needed to pee, and did not need another shower. He'd had enough of a wash after that experience last night. "Korobka."

If he knew the English word, that might have been easier to convey what he wanted.

"I know you need to go," Antonio sighed. Lovino wanted to bite him. 'Go'? This man was acting ridiculous. "This is the best I can do right now. Please, Lovi, I'm going to be late for work."

Just because his collar listed his name, did not give this human any permission to shorten it.

"Get in, go, get out, and then we can get you dressed and off to work with me."

Lovino shook his head, standing firm. His tail whipped around, hitting the wall with loud thumps.

Antonio groaned, dragging a hand over his face. "Fine," he gave up, picking up a clean shirt from the pile of fresh clothes he'd laid out for Lovino. "Come here, let's get you dressed, then."

Lovino lifted his arms to let Antonio pull off the nightshirt. While the cat hybrid had few reservations about showing skin, used to bring entirely dependent like this, Antonio was another story.

The pet rolled his eyes as Antonio fumbled with everything, flustered over this minuscule task. Lovino waited for him to strip off the boxers he'd somehow managed to put on himself, but instead found his abdomen being poked.

Lovino flinched and hissed, rubbing his thighs together, the pressure on his bladder testing his control.

Antonio bit his lip and pleaded, "Please, just go in the shower! I don't want you hurting yourself, and I'm not leaving you here on your own." He tried to explain, "It's not going to be easy getting you clean again if we're away from home."

"Korobka," Lovino grumbled. He'd go in a litter box, nowhere else. But, evidently, this man couldn't figure out what a litter box was.

The clothing Antonio was pulling on him was itchy, anyway.

"I have to take you to work," Antonio was saying as he dressed Lovino. "I put out that lost and found notice in the newspaper yesterday, but we can't just stop looking for your owner. And I could get in a lot of trouble if anyone finds out you're here, anyway."

Antonio pulled the belt a little too tight, making Lovino squeak. Immediately he released, jumping back. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Lovino carefully rubbed his abdomen in an attempt to sooth his bladder.

"...alright," Antonio breathed, cautiously approaching the cat again. "Let's try that again."

He clipped on the belt, seeing as all his pants were too big for Lovino. Added a hat and tucked away that tail. Shoes, the same he'd worn when he was found, bought from only the finest in Switzerland. "Now we can leave," Antonio told him, leading him out the door, locking it behind them.

Lovino looked around, scowling at the drab carpet, wrinkling his nose at the stains on the dinghy walls. The door paint peeled, the lightbulbs flickered, a plastic plant of all things in the corner. Why not just put a real plant in its place? Lovino couldn't understand. It would certainly filter out the stale air.

Lovino couldn't ponder for long, Antonio rushing him down the stairs and out the door. What a strange place.

"If I take you around back again," Antonio asked him while they walked, keeping his voice low for whatever reason, "will you go there?"

Lovino shook his head, disgusted, and stuck out his tongue at him. What did this man take him for? He had dignity, thankyouverymuch. He pointedly ignored last night's incident.

Antonio groaned. Annoying human.

Lovino had only been on a bus exactly one other time, and that had been yesterday, after Antonion had given up searching for his owner for the day. This time was no more familiar or less strange. The bus driver still gave him that weird look and the seats still felt uncomfortably sticky.

Lovino meowed his displeasure, but Antonio shushed him, "People will stare." And his point was...?

"I got a new job the other day." Oh. He'd started rambling. "It's a tutoring company, and I give private lessons on playing the guitar." About things Lovino didn't care about. "I've only been teaching there a few days, but I'm sure they won't mind if you hang around for a while." Lovino crossed his legs. He needed a litter box.

"On the flight here, they lost my guitar, so they're letting me borrow one until I can put aside enough to buy my own." Oh god, he was still talking as they got off the bus. Someone save him.

Lovino followed the human, almost distracted, glancing around at the buildings they'd come to. "This way, Lovi." The hybrid resisted, walking in a new direction.

"What is it?" Antonio asked, and Lovino huffed, pointing to a five-star restaurant. Likely a reservation-only type of place.

"Do you think your owner's there?"

Well...no. Lovino shook his head. But a place catering to the rich, likely had facilities to cater to their pets, too.

Antonio frowned, taking Lovino's arm. "Miao," he protested, pulled back on track to wherever this human was taking him.

Which was some big theater building. Amazing. Wow. Lovino wasn't amused. Antonio directed him to a brightly-colored cushiony bench, which Lovino happily curled up on.

"Okay," Antonio started, waiting until he had Lovino's undivided attention. "I'm going to be in room B7 down this hallway, okay?" He continued after his audience nodded. "I have breaks between every hour, I'll bring you lunch in two hours, and we can leave in five hours. There's magazines right on that table next to this bench you can read. The restrooms are right over there-" He pointed not too far off. "-and I expect you to use them by lunch."

Lovino nodded, scowling. Did this guy honestly believe he could get that belt off himself?

((I stopped there since I'm still not sure of what to come next, in terms of omo.))

*011*2014-07-15 23:17

In this chapter-- desperation, wetting

Chapter 3-- Fluffy!

Lovino, to his credit, didn't squirm very much at first. Instead, choosing to ignore everything from the occasional person walking by to the pressure on his abdomen, he fell asleep.

He woke up no more comfortable than before. Who was he kidding? The only was he'd get relief was if he *gasp!* peed. Lovino scowled at the thought. Only question: where. He sat on his shoe, looking around like he was sitting in the crow's nest of a ship, or whatever they were called.

The restroom. Stinky place, where humans peed at things on the wall or in big bowls. He squirmed just thinking about it. Lovino doubted he'd even be able to do that. Just no.

Fake plants in every corner. More with the plastic decorations, of course. Maybe they could actually serve a purpose--but wait, the pots probably had holes in the bottom, and the 'soil' wasn't soil at all...ugh. His owner would be devastated if he dirtied his shoes.

Floor. This wasn't even a question. No.

Lovino took no consideration about a cup or bottle, having zero fantasies about them actually being useful and not ending in a big mess.

With a groan, Lovino flopped back on the bench, rolling his hips and rubbing his thighs together. The clock ticked, meaninglessly for the hybrid. How long was an hour, anyway? The length changed depending on what activity you were doing.

A long, wailing cat meow stretched through the halls. And another. And yet another, one after the other.

The noise cut down when Lovino decided to try biting off his belt, wiggling and curling to try to get at it. It hurt! He needed it off! He did manage to get his crotch above his face, which annoyed him more than anything. About to ease down and roll off the bench, he froze at a spasm. He felt a spurt, and although he jammed together his thighs, a dark spot bloomed on his jeans. "Miaooooo."

Lovino shuffled back down and lowered himself to the floor. ...alright, he'd walk on all fours. The hat had fallen off his head at some point, his ears twitching in every little which way.

"Miao. Miao. Miao. Miao."

Meows soon dotted the hallway, Lovino crying as loud as he could, letting everyone around know there was a hybrid in the building desiring attention. When he found room B7 and pushed open the door, he almost recoiled at the glare sent to him from Antonio, feeling what must have been another spurt in his pants.

A little mustering of confidence, and Lovino proudly padded over, sitting himself among the half-circle of children in front of Antonio. They all had chairs, so he sat right on the carpet. They laughed at his meowing, ruffled his hair, and all crowded around to feel his soft ears and tail. Lovino basked in the attention, even though he was dying to find a litter box.

"Alright, that's enough," Antonio sighed, calling the kids back to attention. "Enough playing with the cat."

And so, thankfully, Lovino was left to his own devices as Antonio went on with the lesson. Lovino noticed a few blankets stacked in the corner, and crawled around the lesson taking place to reach them. He dragged them back to his claimed spot, ignoring the watchful eye. Soon he'd wrapped them around him, all nice and cozy, and most importantly, giving him enough privacy to hold himself as much as needed.

He. Couldn't. Stop. Moving. Even wrapped up in the blankets, Lovino squirmed and squirmed and squirmed. Antonio soon started ignoring him, although the kids kept shooting him sniggers and grins. Honestly, he couldn't relax in the slightest, or his muscles would spasm.

Evidently, as he soon found out, he needed to hold with more strength than he had. Downright painful, the dam finally burst. A mitten soaked through. Lovino sighed, overwhelmed by relief. The instruments covered up any wayward sound, and the hybrid found no attention on him.

But he had to stop. He couldn't just keep going and going--he'd get his shoes dirty, and he'd start smelling soon. He didn't want anything leaking beyond the blankets and then getting teased by kids. So he plugged the hole, and nearly cried.

Suddenly Lovino's mind was on one thing: peeing. Having just cut off mid-stream, he wanted to keep going, his urethra throbbing with powerful need, his relief gone. The belt no longer pressed so tight against him, yes, and he felt lighter, yes, but this was all ignored for the childish whining in his mind that he still needed to peeeeeee.

The hole wouldn't stay plugged. The rest came shooting out, roaring to his own ears. The entirety of his jeans stuck to his skin, wet and warm. He tried desperately to pinch it back closed, but no, it just kept coming.

To all in the room, the cat had quieted, choosing to just listen to their music despite the sharps and flat notes.

They picked up a strange odor, and while Antonio kept a straight face, the kids made faces at each other, trying to guess who needed to be put back in diapers.

Soon enough, earlier than usual, they dismissed with stickers, and the kids pet Lovino's ears on the way out, cooing at him. He'd hidden his tail under the blankets, the fur quickly getting soaked.

"Lovino, you should know better."

The pet shrunk down, trying to become smaller and melt into the blankets. Antonio groaned. He came closer, kneeling beside Lovino. Resignation clear on both faces. "...the carpet's ruined, isn't it?"

Lovino nodded, looking down at the blankets, his ears pressing against his head.

"It was...an accident," Antonio conceded, trying to console Lovino. "They happen to everyone. C'mon, let's get you cleaned up, and then we can get lunch, okay?"

Another nod. Somehow Lovino felt ashamed, when he knew he should have felt frustrated for not being taken to a litter box when he'd asked.

"I'll call the janitor. And...and oh God, what am I supposed to tell Mrs Beckett about the blankets?" Antonio rambled to himself, moving the chairs away from Lovino and his mess. "Miao..."

"Someone should have pants that fit you," Antonio went on. "I'm not so sure about underwear- that smells disgusting!"

Lovino flinched at the sudden exclamation, having started to move all the blankets. Urine had caught in the drenched denim, forming pockets, and the trickles started all over again as he moved. Standing up, he shuddered as it all rushed down his waterlogged legs. Ew ew ew ew eW.

Antonio pinched his nose, looking ready to gag. "Go to the restroom, wait for me in there. I'll get everything sorted."

His self-esteem thoroughly trampled, Lovino trudged out of the room.

*015*2014-08-30 04:31

In this chapter -- clean up, no graphic nudity

This chapter is the start of the messing arc, and it will end after the actual messing has been cleaned up. I have little actual interest in messing, so there won't be much of it in this.

Chapter 4 -- A Problem Named #2

"Okay. Those jeans are coming off," Antonio stated. With the calm air of a man about to touch someone else's urine, he took off Lovino's jacket, then the shirt, placing them on the row of sinks. Then he went for the belt, his fingers slipping around the slick material before getting it undone and tugging it through the belt loops.

The jeans fell down around Lovino's knees with a wet sound, no longer held up. Antonio pulled them down more, trying not to breathe in the ammonia smell as the hybrid started crying.

"Shh, hush, it's okay," Antonio tried to comfort him, wetting a washcloth in the sink. Lovino flinched once the cold cloth came in contact with his thigh, and almost bit down on a mitten before Antonio snatched it away.

"You're just a bucket of problems, aren't you?" Antonio asked, staring at Lovino's hand, now free from the smelly mitten. A thick, clear gel coated his hand, and the fingernails appeared to be missing, along with the whole first joint of each finger. He winced just looking at it. "That must be painful...but that's going to have to wait for another time."

And so Antonio began to wash Lovino's legs, and his hand. He still shied away from the crotch area, even with the whines and tugging on the boxers. Finally, he pressed the washcloth into Lovino's sticky hand. "You can wash the rest yourself. There are some dry clothes right here."

Antonio turned around and closed his eyes. "I'm going to stand right here while you wash and get dressed. Just tell me if you need help."

There was silence for a moment, then he heard the washcloth scrubbing against skin, and Antonio breathed. He waited, picking at his nails to pass the time, and as promised, didn't leave.

"Miao."

Antonio turned around at that, and to his eternal gratitude, Lovino had managed to pull on the clean pair of boxers. "Okay," that was one thing over with. "Let's get you dressed now."

Easier said than done, as Lovino wasn't the most cooperative pet. However, Antonio braved the task, and although the shoes were a size too big and the shirt didn't completely cover his stomach, the operation came out successful.

The tutor sighed, glancing between the soiled clothes and the hybrid. He handed Lovino a towel and ordered softly, "Dry your tail and wait for me in the hallway. We can go get lunch shortly."

Lovino hunched up his shoulders and scurried outside, scooting along the wall to stay out of anyone's way. The new shoes slapped his heels. He curled in a little ball on the floor outside, next to a bench, holding his tail with the towel.

Antonio walked out of the restroom with the soiled articles of clothing, and Lovino ducked his head as the man passed by. He shifted position on the cold floor, sneaking a peek to check if Antonio had glanced back or anything.

Uncomfortable. That was one way Lovino would put it. His stomach rumbled. No, not his stomach. Lovino blushed just thinking about it, squirming and clenching his muscles. He hadn't been given the chance to void his bowels since yesterday morning, before he and his owner left the hotel.

But, he lamented, massaging a cramp out of his side, he wouldn't be able to get to a litter box anytime soon...

The restaurant. Lovino's tail shivered under the towel. That five-star restaurant they'd passed on the way here. If he could slip away while Antonio was busy tutoring, he could use the box there. For then, at least, that problem would be dealt with. He just had to wait until after whatever Antonio had in mind for lunch.

"Hey-"

Lovino shrieked. He whipped his head around, and promptly bonked his forehead on Antonio's.

They both recoiled, faces twisted in pain, letting out twin moans of pain.

"Ack, okay, okay, no sneaking up on you," Antonio settled on, rubbing his forehead. He stepped forward again, only to get a threatening hiss. "Hey...let's go get lunch, okay? I'll let you pick out whatever you want."

Lovino dabbed at his eyes, his hands like floppy dog ears, little actual strength in the muscles. He stood up, resolutely ignoring the pressing bulk that had built up in his lower abdomen. Just a while longer.

###

I have another story in the works, more focused on a romantic relationship and consensual diaper play. I'll polish it up a bit more before posting the first chapter in a new thread.

*017*2014-09-03 20:55

In this chapter -- bowel desperation, description of food, he makes it!, possibly graphic description of hm well you're reading this for a reason, bidet use

The last chapter was lame, but writing helped me figure out this chapter. So, hurrah! The messing arc does not end here. I keep forgetting if I'm using 'neko' or 'hybrid' for this story.

Chapter 5 -- Boxes Always Make Cats Happy

Alone again.

Lovino wiggled on the comfy bench with a wince. Still, he stayed there, focused on the bowl of food that had been left for him on the table right beside the bench. Antonio's steps faded away, back to room B- whatever it was, but Lovino didn't really care. But this fantastic food, mushy and warm with a savory taste and wrapped in a chewy soft shell, his tail couldn't help but raise up high. It had some red juicy bits he couldn't really place, yellow bits that caught in his teeth, and he pushed the leaves out of the bowl.

Of course it all made him thirsty, with a spicy tang he'd never tasted and more salt than was needed for any meal. Which was why he had a bowl of water next to it.

His fingers twitched, pressing and stroking the cushions. The Vaseline had washed off earlier, and Antonio hadn't seen fit to give him any replacement mittens. Not that Lovino would accept them, anyway. He wanted only the best. The lack of soft layers padding his hands felt odd and distinctly painful, unnatural, disconcerting.

Once he'd polished on the last licks of the juice from the carton meal bowl, Lovino settled back into the cushions and did his best to relax. His body forced him to clench his sphincter muscles every so often, making relaxation an impossible goal. Rolling his hips felt nice and helped somewhat, but not enough.

Lovino moaned when he sat up. He had to find that restaurant again, soon. He eased off the bench, and, rubbing the part of his tailbone closest to his ass and ignoring the itchy scratch of il-fitting clothes, started to look for the exit.

To someone with hardly a wit about directions, the theater was a veritable maze. Lovino dismissed the restrooms from his mind, determined to find a door with NEKO in blue letters instead of MEN.

By the time he pushed open a door and found streets in front of him, Lovino was sorely regretting having eaten. Atop his stuffed bowels, his lunch made him want to puke. There was just too much in his abdomen to feel anything but sick.

The brave neko soldiered on.

Lovino kept his hands in the pockets of his borrowed sweatpants, glad he'd likely have little trouble getting them off this time.

###

A wave of pain hit his abdomen, and he nearly doubled over. The churning pain forced him to retreat into a less-populated corner between two racks of clearance shoes. He squeezed his belly, gritted his teeth, and wound his legs tight until it passed, leaving him panting.

What..,had just happened? That had been new. Another wave of pain brought him to his knees, and this time it lasted longer, the cramps stealing his breath.

Lovino scrambled down the street as soon as it faded. Stuff in his intestines had moved, fast, and he needed a box now. The restaurant was in sight.

The neko squeezed in through the doors past the line of immaculate customers, and indignant protests immediately followed. He ignored them, rushing past the man finding names on a reservation list. A woman in a feather hat made a rude comment on the smell.

Hands and tail between his legs, Lovino made a beeline for the restrooms. Four of them, two for the typical man and woman, a disabled restroom, and a room for a litter box. Almost there.

Lovino found no resistance, pushing open the door and kicking the locking latch as it closed. Brown smeared on the back of his boxers as he pulled down everything, but he paid it no mind, his shoes falling off as well as he shook his pants from his ankles.

The familiar feel of the litter under his almost had his losing it, and even before he fully crawled into the box he'd already started letting go.

Although liberating, it ended up being a painful ordeal. Lovino's first guess was that he was sick. Sick? He hadn't noticed any sore throat or sniffly nose. Either way, something was wrong and he wasn't sure what.

Painful, smelly, and loud. Even the litter didn't cover up the embarrassing farts or the horrendous odor as each lump plopped on the grey sand.

Scratching started at the door. Lovino meowed, and the scratching stopped. He stayed still a long moment, waiting to make sure his body had finished.

After sweeping litter on top of his mess, Lovino crawled out again, wincing at the cold tile on his unprotected hands. He grimaced at the stain on his boxers, finally noticing it. However, he still had the mess on his ass to tend to.

A quick glance around located a bidet. Bidet, bidet, bidet~ Always nice. After clicking the button for the box to start cleaning itself, he hopped on the bidet, getting comfy before pressing buttons.

His tummy rumbled, and he winced, feeling something move again. The little plop below him went ignored. He just wanted to be done with the disgusting part.

Lovino washed his hands and redressed, and left the room feeling relieved and clean. Another hybrid went in after him, a buxom lady with a cute pixie haircut, her ears as blonde as her hair.

Five star restaurant, the reality hit Lovino seconds later. For the rich. His owner was rich, there was a high chance he might be here. With that in mind, he pressed up against the wall, looking out at the many tables, laden with lavish cutlery and stunning flowers. The walls bragged historical photos and expert paintings, the whole place well-lit for the best ambience possible. All he had to do was look.

