Discovering Desperation - Bursting to go on an archaeological dig

Author: misslunaswift

*000*2014-01-01 15:42

As it went live sometime last night "Discovering Desperation" is either my last story of 2013 or the first of 2014! Either way here's chapter one for you all. Happy new year to all my friends on here!

The idea came from a friend who studied archaeology and we ended up talking about just how tough it cold be out digging all day with no toilets nearby but loads of other people around so no privacy to nip behind a bush. It didn't take too much imagination to create a story around that idea.

In chapter 1 Susie is back at college to finish her archaeology training but her teacher is about to fail her. She enlists the help of her best friend to persuade him to change his mind by entering his office with full bladders and forcing him to lie underneath them.

In the rest of the book we see how Susie first met her best friend, wetting themselves whilst out running. Then we join Susie on the coach to the dig with her teacher sitting in the footwell of the back seat with his mouth open as her bladder bursts for release.

Once on the dig she is alone with another student, spending all day watching her become more and more desperate. In the end she finds a way to persuade the other student to let go of her inhibitions and go on the grass together.

Finally they catch a lift home and the journey takes so long all four people in the car need to pass a bottle around before one of them is dared to drink it!

Luna

Chapter 1 – Two Take On A Teacher

Susie stared out of the window at the sun beating down on the field. The others were all digging up some castle somewhere, becoming famous and yet here she was, still stuck in the classroom. It was so unfair. Mr Sawyer was droning on and on about targets and grades and applying herself. Susie forced herself to look back at him. If it wasn’t for how handsome he was she’d never have taken his class in the first place.

She’d been on her first real archaeological dig when the guys in charge found out she’d never passed her college course. Luckily instead of booting her out they’d sent her for six months training at the local college. “Go get your diploma and come back to us. We’ll hold your post open.”

Susie hadn’t wanted to go but what choice did she have? When she turned up on her first day she’d spotted Mr Sawyer across the car park, carrying an armful of books.

“Who’s that?”

A teenager in a suit carrying a briefcase stopped walking, blinking in shock at the sight of a girl like Susie wanting to talk to him. “That’s Mr Sawyer.”

“What does he teach?”

“Applied 12th century building techniques.”

Susie had no idea what value that would have to her but she signed up for his class anyway.

“Are you listening to me?”

Susie looked up to see Mr Sawyer leaning over her desk, bringing her out of her daydream.

“Why did you take my class Susie?”

Susie nearly spoke without thinking. Because you’re hot? Nope, can’t say that. Because I want to tear those jeans of yours off and grab what’s inside? Nope, can’t say that either. “Because I thought you were hot.” Oops.

Luckily he laughed. “Well, at least you’re honest. Look Susie, I want you to pass, I really do. But I’m just not sure I can.”

Susie blinked. Was he glancing down her top just then? She waited as he spun round to pick up a pen and flicked open the top button of her shirt. When he turned back she leaned over the desk. There it was again. He had glanced straight down her cleavage. Only for a second but long enough for Susie to feel a tingle inside her. She’d spent every class trying to get his attention but he seemed impervious to her hints. Could he have been waiting until the two of them were alone? There was only one way to find out for sure.

“Is there anything you can do?” she asked, pressing her chest together with her hands.

“This isn’t a porn film Susie, do that button of yours up.”

“You can’t tell me what to do, I’m twenty one.”

“And yet here you are. No qualifications, no hope of passing your diploma. Give me one reason why I shouldn’t fail you right now.”

The bell rang; the next class began to file in. Susie stood up and gathered her things together.

“This isn’t over Susie. Come and see me in my office in one hour. And you’d better have an answer for me.”

Susie texted her best friend and they met up in the cafe on campus, carrying their coffees to the armchairs by the window.

“What are you going to do?”

“I don’t know. I have to find some way of getting him to pass me. Maybe I should fuck him.”

She waited for Alice but laugh but instead she leaned towards over so nobody else could overhear them. “Maybe you should.”

“Are you kidding?”

“You said it yourself, he’s hot. And I’ve seen the way he looks at you.”

Susie listened and the more Alice talked, the more sense her ideas seemed to make. As the time of her meeting approached she dashed out to the car and found her gym bag on the back seat. She pulled out a few things and then ran back to the building. Mr Sawyer’s office was the end of a long empty corridor. Stepping into the department she locked herself into a cubicle and changed outfit. Feeling distinctly underdressed and more than a little nervous, Susie stepped back out into the corridor and knocked on Mr Sawyer’s door.

“Come in.”

Susie pushed open the door and stepped inside.

“What the...”

Mr Sawyer stared at her.

“Oh this. I was going to the gym later.”

“You go to the gym in that?”

Susie looked down at her sports bra, her breasts barely held in place by it. She’s been meaning to get a new one for ages but never seemed to get round to it. Below that her toned stomach was on show as was the top of her hips. The skintight black shorts had ridden lower than she’d realised and enough skin was on show to widen Mr Sawyer’s eyes as his gaze worked down to her long slender legs.

“I thought we were going to talk about the course.”

“Oh yes. Of course.” He actually looked flustered and was his face going red? Susie sat on the chair facing him and watched him squirm in his seat.

“I’ve thought of the best reason for you to pass me sir.”

“And what’s that?” He kept glancing down at her top, hardly able to look her in the eyes.

“These.” She pushed her breasts together, wondering just how he’d react, still thinking she could back out of this. But his mouth opened and took a long time to close again. Susie knew she had him. She stood up and leaned over the desk, her face inches from his as he sat totally frozen to the spot.

“If you let me pass I’ll let you look at both of them right here, right now.”

I...I could only...I couldn’t...”

Susie stood back up and lifted the bottom of her sports bra, stretching it up over the base of her breasts until her areola were visible. She stopped when the fabric just covered her nipples. “Should I stop then? Or should I continue?”

He nodded but still didn’t speak. Susie lifted the bra swiftly over her head and threw it aside. Grasping her breasts in her hands, she felt the hardness of her nipples in her palms as she giggled. “Want to touch them?”

He stood up and walked round the desk, cock visibly bulging through the front of his trousers. With no hesitation he reached out and took her breasts in his hands, squeezing and mauling them, her nipples hardening further at his touch. Susie reached under his arms and fumbled for his trousers, eventually managing to undo the zip and push them down towards the floor. Mr Sawyer stomped on each trouser leg clumsily until they were off him before taking one of Susie’s nipples into his mouth, tongue flicking over the hardened bud as she gasped above him.

Susie stepped back from him and bent at the waist, grabbing his boxers and lowering them so his cock was released. With a gasp she noticed just how hard it had become, a drop of fluid at the very tip that she just had to taste. With a swift motion she ran her tongue over the head of his tool before standing back up.

“Sit on your desk sir.”

He did as she ordered, despite the sulky look on his face, cock sticking out from between his legs as he perched on the edge of the desk.

Susie pulled her top back over her breasts and walked across the room.

“What are you doing?” Mr Sawyer asked as she pulled open the office door to reveal Alice standing on the other side holding her phone. The distinct sound of a shutter snap echoed round the room.

“Did...did you just take a photo of me?”

“I did,” Alice said, stepping into the office and closing the door. “And one more button press and that’ll be whizzing round the entire college in moments. I’m sure everyone will be happy to see you looking like that.”

But...” He couldn’t speak, he was too shocked.

“But why?” Susie spoke for him. “Because you’ve been very, very naughty, trying to blackmail me into sleeping with you in return for passing me.”

Mr Sawyer stood up, grabbing his trousers from the floor. “Please, delete it. I’m sorry. I...”

“Sit back down,” Alice said, her voice booming across the room. “Stay there until we tell you to move.”

“What shall we do?” Susie asked, although she already knew the answer.

Alice pulled Susie’s shorts from her in a single movement, revealing her bare pussy. Before Mr Sawyer had time to register what he’d seen the shorts were pulled over the top of his head, obscuring his vision.

“What are you doing?”

“We’re in charge now. Keep quiet and don’t speak until we say you can.”

Alice took his hands and guided him to his feet before gently helping him to lie on his back on the floor. She smiled at Susie before lifting her skirt and pulling off her panties, stuffing them into Mr Sawyer’s mouth. His muffled voice could be heard through the material but he made no effort to pull the silky material back out.

“Ready?” Alice asked.

Susie nodded back. “Ready.”

They both stood over Mr Sawyer and held hands, staring into each other’s eyes. Susie held her breath and relaxed, waiting a few seconds before it happened.

With a sigh she began to pee, a stream of urine that splashed down onto the teacher, most of it hitting the tip of his cock that still pointed into the air. Alice began to pee moments later, a flow that appeared from under her skirt and splashed onto Mr Sawyer’s face. He jumped a little at first, taking a while to realise what was happening. Then he moaned loudly through the panties in his mouth as the piss continued to fall onto him, the room filling with the rich aroma of urine. His hips thrust upwards into the air as Susie began to bend her knees, lowering herself so her pussy was directly above his cock.

As her peeing began to slow, she sank down and allowed his cock to glide straight up into her. As her bottom reached his legs, his tool slid as far inside her as it could go. She felt the warm splash of a few stray drops of pee hitting her face as Alice finished peeing above her.

“I think he needs more punishing,” she said, reaching down to pull the pee soaked panties out of his mouth. “Clean me.”

She sank onto his face and Susie watched his tongue come out and disappear up into her friend’s pussy before her skirt sank back into place, blocking the view.

The two of them rode him faster and faster, Susie beginning to lift her hips up to allow his cock free passage in and out of her soaking wet pussy. She could hear the wet sound of him slamming in and out of her. It competed with the groans coming from his muffled face as he licked inside Alice, her hand on her clit so she could pleasure herself at the same time.

Susie bent forwards so her knees were on the floor before beginning to rock backwards and forwards on his cock, bringing him to her tight entrance and almost letting him fall out before sinking back onto him and feeling the exquisite sensation of his bulging hardness filling her completely.

Close to orgasm, Susie leaned forwards as Alice bent towards her, their mouths meeting and their tongues coming together. Susie began to scream into Alice’s mouth as she rocked faster and faster on her teacher’s cock. She felt her orgasm building as if it might make her pussy explode. Seconds later she screamed loudly as she came, Alice sucking on her tongue as the cock inside her suddenly jerked and pulsated. He was coming at the same time, his spurting cock filling her pussy as she ground down onto the base of his shaft, holding him inside her as her pussy rhythmically squeezed and released his shaft.

Susie sat up, holding his cock inside her as she panted loudly, her heart pounding in her chest as she watched Alice slide over his face, his tongue still inside her. Seconds later she came, her fingers flying over her clit before suddenly freezing as an orgasm at last raced through her body.

Susie stared at Alice as her back arched, her body twitching, nothing but gasps coming from her mouth, she was coming so quietly. When her climax faded she climbed to her feet and bent down, kissing Mr Sawyer, tasting her own juices on his tongue.

Susie let her friend guide her to her feet and the two of them dressed whilst Mr Sawyer remained on the floor, looking up at them both as if in a dream. Alice picked up her phone and took another photo of him, half naked, cock still dripping cum and piss covering his skin.

“What was that photo for?” Susie asked.

“Insurance, in case he still tries to throw you off the course,” she replied, pulling open the door.

“Girls, just one thing before you go.” They looked back to see him pulling himself up onto his elbows. “Would you like to go on the next dig with me?”

Hope you enjoyed the first chapter. You can get the book here $$

If you want to read the rest of Susie's wet adventures!

