Elevated Relievement

Author: EnragedFilia

*000*2014-06-03 09:50

Now the story of a team of mutant superheroes that fight villains, and the one young superheroine who had no choice but to let her big embarrassing secret out. It's: Elevated Relievement.

Chapter 1: Bless the Rains Down in Africa

###

On the western shore of Lake Victoria, on the Uganda side of the border, a young woman was lounging in a little lagoon. She floated in the shallow water, stretched out as if she was reclining in a bed of soft fluffy pillows, with her long, pure white hair billowing on the surface all around. Hair like that would have been remarkable enough by itself, and hers was even more remarkable in contrast with her chocolate-brown skin. Her name was Orola Matthews, and she was trying to relax. But her relaxation was interrupted by a loud splashing sound. She opened her bright blue eyes and looked around. She was still alone, and the sound seemed to be coming from some bushes behind her. A big grin crept across Orola's face and she whispered to herself, "Followed me all the way here, huh, Kurt?"

Careful to make it look casual, the black woman with white hair closed her blue eyes again and slipped beneath the surface, then stood up and stretched her arms over her head. She emerged from the water one luscious, smooth curve at a time, like she was in a commercial for overpriced shampoo. Little streams were flowing down her bare skin as she slowly turned around, making sure to let her large, full breasts sway and jiggle. And just when the scene was about to turn into either a really bad romance novel or an even worse porno, she lunged at the splashing sound, ripped the branches aside and shouted, "Gotch- aah!"

Orola's triumphant cry started as 'gotcha' only to turn into a shout of surprise. Because she wasn't looking at her friend Kurt, the peeping tom she thought she was catching in the act yet again. She was staring right at a gorgeous pair of tits.

"Oh! Ohmygosh! It's you! Ohmygosh it's really you! I can't believe it it's really you!" That was Aquamarine, the owner of the gorgeous pair of tits. She was so excited she was actually bouncing up and down, and her gorgeous tits were bouncing too. The sight of those two huge, perfectly rounded orbs the color of freshly oiled ebony jiggling in her face was making it very difficult for Orola to meet the girl's eyes. Aquamarine was about to introduce herself, but first she had something really important to say.

"Ohmygosh I'm sorry I'm just so excited to finally meet you you're totally my idol and my role model and I mean you're totally everyone's idol at school and I just know they're all gonna be so jealous that I actually got to meet Typhoon!" Typhoon was Orola's superhero name. It was the name she usually introduced herself with, at least when she wasn't at school. Aquamarine was Aquamarine's superhero name, and it was the name she always introduced herself with, at least when she remembered to introduce herself. "Oh! I'm Aquamarine. It's really nice to meet you." At about the same time that Aquamarine finally remembered to introduce herself, Orola finally managed to look up.

"I... Oh... Yes, I'm pleased to meet you as well. I hope we make a good team." She also managed to put on a pleasant smile. Aquamarine seemed not to have noticed Orola staring at her gorgeous tits, and Orola certainly wasn't going to mention it first. "I didn't expect to meet you quite so soon." Typhoon had expected to meet her new teammate here, but not for another two hours. She got here early so that she could take a little dip to relax before the mission.

"Oh, yeah, I know I'm a couple hours early. But hey, now we can chat. Come on let's sit down." Aquamarine turned around to wade back to the rocks, and Orola couldn't help but look down again as the girl's gorgeous butt peeked into view above the surface. "I just got here early so I could go skinny dipping," Aquamarine continued, still not noticing what Typhoon was staring at.

"I always like to relax before a mission. I guess you must have been skinny dipping too, huh?" It was a perfectly reasonable explanation for why they both happened to be naked at the same time in the same lagoon in a story that wasn't some ridiculously contrived porno. "I heard you through the bushes earlier. Oh, did you hear me too? Is that how come you burst out of the bushes like that?" Still grinning happily, she turned back around and sat down, which caused her boobs to jiggle and bounce again. Oh, and if this narration seems to be paying a little too much attention to boobs, that's only because the characters keep staring at them. Honest.

"Hmm? Oh. Yes, that." Orola tore her eyes away from the gorgeous tits again and went to sit down too. "I actually thought my friend Kurt had followed me here. He has a way of just showing up to talk, you see." Kurt was the superhero Shadowgazer. He was quite fond of 'just showing up to talk' unexpectedly, especially when Typhoon happened to be skinny dipping.

"Followed you all the way here from America?" Aquamarine giggled, which made her boobs jiggle even more. He must have like superspeed or something." Shadowgazer didn't have superspeed, but he could teleport.

"No, no, the only speedster I know is Gary, and I've only met him a few times." Gary was The Smash, a more experienced and established superhero, active since the Golden Age, and a member of the Judgement League. He probably could have gone from Judgement League Headquarters to Lake Victoria in a few minutes, but for Kurt it would only take seconds. "Kurt wouldn't need superspeed to get here, though. He teleports."

"Oh! That explains it, then. Maybe he can visit us after we finish the mission." Kurt would have just loved that, especially if they were in the mood for more skinny dipping. "I hardly ever get to meet Americans. The last time was when..." she trailed off, her dark brown eyes getting wide, then she gasped and covered her gorgeous tits. "Ohmygosh! Ohmygosh I forgot! I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I just forgot. I mean it's just you don't look like an Ameri- I... I mean you look so much like one of... I mean... ohmygosh I'm sorry I just didn't know you were here and then when I saw you I was so excited I didn't even think and I never would have gone skinnydipping if I knew you were right there." Aquamarine knew that Americans had different ideas about nudity, and she knew that Typhoon was American, or at least close enough, but she didn't put the two together until just now.

Orola interrupted the girl's panicked rambling. "It's ok, I don't mind!" She really didn't. Even though Orola was an American now, she grew up in Africa and even lived in a tribal village for a time. Thanks to that, now she was what Americans would call a nudist. That was why Kurt kept showing up while she happened to be skinny dipping. Even when she caught him peeping, she was more likely to invite him into the water than to scold him for it. "I really don't. I was already skinny dipping by myself, after all. Why would I have a problem with you skinny dipping too?" That made Aquamarine feel better. Smiling again, she dropped her hands back into the water, allowing her gorgeous tits to sway freely.

They kept chatting for a while, now without so much exposition. Soon they got down to business.

"You're right, they're really soft. And they're so big but they're hardly sagging at all. How do you-"

Whoops, too soon. But eventually they really did get down to business.

"Oh yeah, I'm totally ready to take this guy on. The Professor says I'm the best fighter at the school. Well except against Trixie since she's a nullifier." Trixie's mutant power was to nullify other mutants' powers on contact. She was the only mutant at the school to ever defeat Aquamarine in a straight up one-on-one match, although Aquamarine had always claimed that fight didn't count. "But a power like hers wouldn't be any good on a mission like this, so that's why they sent me even though I only just officially joined the Team a little while ago."

"Glad to see you're so confident," Typhoon said with a smirk. "Just don't forget we're only supposed to track him down, not fight him all by ourselves."

"Yeah I know. But still, wouldn't everyone be totally impressed if we did? And after all the nasty stuff he's done we'd for sure be the most famous heroes in Africa."

They were talking about 'Mister Bayamtu', the infamous warlord. He had recently started using his mutant powers to raid refugee camps near the Rwanda-Uganda border, abducting boys and making them into child soldiers for his rebel army. According to the news reports, he was planning to set himself up as a dictator and conquer the whole continent. According to his own propaganda, his goal was to "unite" the Hutu refugee population, lead them to victory against the Kagame government and usher in an age of peace and prosperity for the Hutu people. And according to the Professor, he wanted the dictator thing, but he'd probably settle for just carving out a little kingdom to rule.

Now you can tell this isn't the Silver Age, because if it was that whole summary would have been done deadly serious and written as dramatically as possible with every other word in bold. So if you like that sort of thing, just use your imagination.

Anyway, Silver Age or not, it was still up to the Z-Team to stop him. Professor Zyvaygo of the Team's African academy was in charge of the mission, and Professor Zyvere had sent Typhoon from the American academy to help, both because of her African heritage and because she was one of the most experienced members of the Team. Aquamarine was younger and less experienced, but just like she said, she had the best combat power in the African squad.

"Just don't forget that our top priority is the refugees," Typhoon reminded her counterpart firmly. "It's saving civilians that's going to change the way people think about mutants in Africa." They both nodded soberly at that.

With the last of the exposition out of the way our two heroines kept chatting for a little while, then then decided it was time to get started. Orola went back to the other side of the bushes where she'd left her Typhoon outfit and changed into it. When she returned, the now properly costumed Typhoon was unexpectedly introduced to even more of her new partner's impressive anatomy. This time she found herself staring at Aquamarine's gorgeous butt. The girl was taking a long drink from the lake, kneeling at the water's edge with her plump, pert and perfectly round rear end sticking up in the air behind her. Fortunately she had also changed into her costume, or else this would be the kind of scene that couldn't even get printed in a Vertigo oneshot.

That costume was a bright blue bodysuit that covered every inch of her like a second skin. But even wrapped up like that, Aquamarine's beautiful bouncing buttocks presented a breathtaking sight. The way her butt gently jiggled like some lusciously juicy and thoroughly ripened exotic fruit was nearly as mesmerizing as the swaying of her luxuriously curvaceous bare breasts was earlier. And yes, all of this detail really is necessary to properly narrate the scene. Honest. Being slightly less mesmerized this time, Typhoon managed to tear her eyes away from the magnificent sight with slightly less difficulty, doing so just before Aquamarine finished drinking.

The younger heroine stood up and turned around, demonstrating in the process that a layer of skintight material did absolutely nothing to impede the mobility of her gorgeous tits. On the contrary, the motion caused them to swing back and forth every bit as freely as they had when completely bare. Even as tight as it was, Aquamarine's costume did not seem to provide her bust with any kind of support (not that her lusciously soft yet firm tits needed any), nor have any effect on its size (in fact, her huge boobs somehow looked even bigger than before). And to top it all off (so to speak), her nipples seemed to be standing at attention more proudly than ever, the little twin points straining hard against the tight material of her suit as if to protest against the very idea of being contained.

Ever observant, Typhoon noticed all of this right away (which is totally why it all had to be narrated), and quickly reached a conclusion. Between those spectacular pokies and the majestic swaying of her voluminous bust, and most of all the deep cleft between her buttocks, all covered in material so form-fitting that depicting them in even moderate detail would strain the limits of any mainstream imprint's censorship policy, there could be no possible doubt that Aquamarine's costume included absolutely no underwear.

"Ok then, let's take off!" Aquamarine suggested eagerly. Typhoon once again snapped her eyes away from the wonderful sight, nodded and smiled. They left the lagoon, found a clearing in the trees and took off. Typhoon floated aloft gently, while Aquamarine shot into the air like a rocket. They quickly reached cruising altitude and flew west together. Typhoon's power over the weather allowed her to fly very easily by creating a highly localized hurricane-force gust for her to ride. Aquamarine, conversely, flew by using her power to form a sheet of water solid enough for her to stand on and riding it like a surfboard. This took quite a bit more effort than Typhoon's method of flight, but she could accelerate more easily, and it tended to be a little more agile in closed spaces. Conveniently enough, both techniques had about the same maximum speed.

Their first destination was an oasis in the wasteland to the west, just across the border with Tanzania. They had information that a small group of Bayamtu's troops were camped there, and hopefully that group would have a clue to Bayamtu's location. They pointed themselves on a course to the oasis, then started chatting again. It took most of the trip for Typhoon to finally mention something plot-relevant. "Has anyone mentioned you look a little like the Sable Surfer when you fly like that?"

"Really?" Aquamarine giggled, "He's mostly only famous in America, right?. I guess it makes sense. There can't be that many heroes who surf when they fly."

"Just him and the Sterling Shooter. He actually used to have 'Surfer' in his name too, but he changed it when they joined the same team because it sounded too similar, and Sable had seniority."

"I don't always surf, though. See?" The plane of water she was riding suddenly curled into a cigar shape, and she bent to grip it between her knees and her hands. "Flying like this takes less concentration, but my neck gets kinda sore if I look straight ahead for too long. I can maneuver a little easier, too. Here, watch this." She leaned over and entered a tight corkscrew, then leveled off and jerked rapidly from side to side as if dodging some kind of projectile, wiggling her butt back and forth as she did so. The vigorous, semi-rhythmic motion set her generously proportioned posterior to such glorious jiggling that Typhoon felt the need to quickly change the subject before she became distracted enough to cause a midair collision. They were still talking when they reached the oasis.

"Oh no, I haven't worn anything like that in years. Pretty much nobody else does either, after what happened to Miss Marvelous."

"Hmm? What do you mean? Did she wear something too risky and cause a scandal or something?"

"You mean you never heard? It was all over the headlines for like months."

"Really? I guess it must have been before I joined the Academy. I didn't really follow American superhero news before then."

"Well ok. You see, we were all at this reception where the Professor was giving a big speech when we got an emergency call. So Cu Sith made a distraction and we all hurried to get into costume and respond. Now this was back when Miss Marvelous was wearing that red and black leotard with the big yellow star on the chest, and I guess when she put it on she just sort of forgot that- Oh! There's the oasis!" Typhoon interrupted her story and pointed to the little dark splotch on the dull tan sand below. "I'll finish the story later. You ready for a fight?" she asked with a grin.

"Always." Aquamarine had been ready for a fight since before they took off. With that, the two of them began descending carefully until they were low enough to make out their targets. Then Typhoon summoned up a little dust storm and Aquamarine dropped out of the sky, landing right in the midst of the guerillas. With a wave of her arms she flung two blades of water in opposite directions, knocking down three of the men while they were still squinting through the billowing dust. Then she wrapped herself in a miniature whirlpool and leaped from one to the next, wrenching their guns away and flinging them to the ground. Some of them got off a burst of shots, which bounced harmlessly off the water that enveloped her. A few bolts of water took care of the rest, and in a matter of moments all the poor mooks were dispatched, their weapons lying twisted and mangled in the dirt.

It was the kind of completely one-sided fight that always seems to show up in a Silver Age origin story, to quickly and easily show off a new character's abilities and establish her as a credible protagonist, as well as provide some action in what might otherwise be a really talky issue. Some things don't have to change, after all.

Once the fallen villains were restrained, Typhoon went to search the guerillas' convoy for a clue that would point them toward the boss while Aquamarine called headquarters to check in. After that she went down the little slope to the oasis for another drink. A few minutes later Typhoon returned, just a bit too late to witness her partner's rear end wiggling merrily, but instead she got an even better show as the girl turned around and started back up the slope.

Typhoon could only stand and stare, rendered completely speechless by the incredible, impossible sight before her: Aquamarine's gorgeous tits had somehow grown even bigger. They were just as round and with every step they bounced just as freely as before, but they had more than doubled in size, going from huge to absolutely gigantic, and each one was now bigger than her head. Yet they showed no sign of sagging whatsoever, as if gravity itself was reluctant to interfere with the buoyancy of a bust so glorious that it could only be properly described as "breast perfection".

And so, having singlehandedly pushed this narration to exceed the limits of publication standards, Aquamarine bounced up and announced, as proud and perky as ever, "Ok! I'm ready to go. Did you find any- Hmm? What's the matter?" Belatedly she noticed her teammate's expression of open-mouthed shock, followed shortly by the direction of her stare, and asked "Oh, these?" She then indicated her boobs by giving them a quick squeeze, her fingers sinking deep into the supremely soft globes. "Yeah I guess I didn't tell you before, did I?" the giggle that punctuated this set her chest to jiggling like a pair of beach balls in the hands of hyperactive toddlers.

"I was planning to, but it just never came up. See I had a nice big drink just now, since we're going after the main target. I mean I know we're not planning to fight him by ourselves or anything, but it's always best to be prepared, and I didn't know if I'd have another chance to reload after this. Oh, by reload I mean fill up. With water that is. My powers need lots of water, and of course I can't always count on having a nice convenient lake to use, so I learned to carry around plenty of water with me. And as you can see, these are pretty much the best place to store it all," she said with a grin, gently cupping her breasts again. "I can explain some more when we get going. Did you find a clue about where we should go next?"

At the direct question, Typhoon at last came to her senses and replied that, yes, she had found a map marked with today's date and what looked like a meeting point. With luck it would lead them right to their main target. So the two of them flew away, and once they were up in the air again Aquamarine continued her explanation. Her powers worked on all forms of water, so she'd long ago learned to use the water in her own body, first as a defense that could deflect or absorb the impact of any physical attack, then slowly developing into a short ranged offense to complement the blades and streams and whirlpools like those she'd used in today's expository fight.

Then to further enhance her defensive abilities, she'd upgraded her suit with a specialized material that allowed water to soak into it almost instantly, so that she could form her superpowered armor in a matter of moments. But all these powers required water, and to make sure she wasn't restricted to fighting near rivers and lakes, Aquamarine had learned to keep plenty of 'ammunition' available by storing highly compressed water in her body.

After years of training, she could drink gallons at once and carry all of it around until she needed it. It was through this technique of carrying around her own personal water reserves that Aquamarine had surpassed all her fellow students in sheer fighting ability, and even given that showoff Trixie a run for her money. Needless to say, Aquamarine kept the vast majority of her ammunition supply in her oversized tits. Under normal circumstances, the two voluminous 'reservoirs' on her chest could easily store several gallons without growing too much.

And if she let her boobs expand even more (which made them a little unwieldy, but not enough to interfere with combat, naturally), the sheer volume of water available meant Aquamarine's powers could match those of any member of the Z-team, even in the middle of a desert. The only real downside was the additional effort it took to keep all that water compressed enough to fit and suspended enough that her inflated breasts didn't droop or give her backaches. Thus, Typhoon was forced to amend her earlier assessment of her new partner's costume; specifically, the reason why Aquamarine's gorgeous tits required no physical support. Those tits weren't merely firm: thanks to her powers they were absolutely weightless.

Of course, there was one other side effect which Aquamarine did not mention to her teammate, and just now it was beginning to make her a bit uncomfortable. She did her best not to let her discomfort show as they flew along, chatting away just like before, but the situation kept getting worse, and before long the young heroine was so distracted that her half of the conversation was reduced to monosyllabic agreements. Typhoon, quite naturally, asked her partner if something was wrong. "Is something wrong?" she asked.

It was, but Aquamarine wasn't about to admit it. "Hmm? Oh, um, it's nothing. I'm uh, just trying to concentrate on searching." They were now approaching the point indicated on the map, and both of them were watching the ground below for signs of their villainous target. That's what she was trying to concentrate on at least, but just now she was having a hard time concentrating at all.

The reason for that was simple: Aquamarine really had to pee. As she'd explained earlier, her 'internal reservoir technique', so named by some of her fellow heroes during a brief period when naming all your moves was in fashion, involved drinking a large volume of water, compressing it to a fraction of that volume, and storing it in her own body for later use. And in order to keep this water pure enough for her powers to manipulate, she also needed to keep her 'ammunition' segregated (so to speak) so that it didn't mix together with the rest of the water in her body. Unfortunately however, her 'reservoirs' always seemed to be just a little bit 'leaky', allowing a tiny fraction of their volume to gradually escape into her system. Although it was never enough to put a dent in her ammunition reserves, that slow yet steady leakage was the source of Aquamarine's current discomfort. Because sooner or later, all the water that trickled out of her boobs inevitably trickled into her bladder.

It had been going on all day, ever since she filled her internal reservoirs with that nice long drink from Lake Victoria. In fact, by the time they reached the oasis her bladder had grown quite full indeed, prompting her to make a mental note that she should find somewhere to relieve herself as soon as they landed. But then she'd fought those mooks, and between the adrenaline of the fight and the excitement of victory and her eagerness to start hunting for the real supervillain, the poor girl completely failed to notice the gentle, uncomfortable pulsing feeling of pressure in her lower regions. And they left so soon that the earlier vague thoughts of finding relief completely slipped her mind until they were already flying away, and then it was too late.

So now here she was, soaring high above the vast and empty landscape, alongside the famous Typhoon, with a very, very, very full bladder. She knew perfectly well that her needlessly deep drink from the oasis was to blame at least as much as her carelessness in neglecting to empty her bladder when she had the chance. It would have been safer to merely drink enough to refill the water she expended in the fight, but she was so eager to impress Typhoon that she'd impulsively decided to completely fill her storage capacity, letting her boobs grow as big as she'd ever dared. Seeing the famous heroine's expression of awe and wonder and getting a chance to explain her innovative technique had been gratifying, of course, but now she had to pay the price. Because with such a tremendous volume of water crammed into her massively inflated boobs, even the tiny fraction of that volume that slowly leaked out was enough to fill her bladder right up in practically no time at all.

So, with her bladder now beyond "full" and well on the way to "overflowing", she knew rationally that she should descend to the ground and find someplace to relieve herself right away, but she just couldn't bear the thought. Admitting to anyone how extremely desperate she was to pee would have been embarrassing enough, but admitting it to her idol Typhoon, and at the same time admitting how careless she'd been, and admitting that her own superpowers were partly to blame was simply too embarrassing to even contemplate. Caught between the unbearable humiliation of letting her secret out and the undeniable needs of her own body, Aquamarine soon found herself forced to take a third option, so to speak.

It was only a temporary solution, but she was already beginning to quiver under the strain of holding on. She wasn't ready to let her big embarrassing secret out, and she had to do something before her poor overfilled bladder let it out anyway in the form of a big embarrassing accident! So, careful to make sure that Typhoon didn't notice what she was doing, Aquamarine placed one hand on the sizable bulge in her abdomen, and with a mighty surge of effort she focused as much power as she could through that hand and into the bulge. Ever so slowly the agonizing pressure within her bladder lessened, until it was only a dull, throbbing ache. No longer in immediate danger of losing control, Aquamarine breathed a little sigh of relief.

She was using her power to compress the contents of her bladder, just as she was already using it to compress the water contained in her massively inflated breasts. Unfortunately, since pee was only mostly water, it was much more difficult to manipulate, requiring far more effort for less results. Compressing her pee enough to bring the pressure down to tolerable levels was already taking nearly all of her concentration, and it was only going to get worse. With pee still trickling steadily into her already bursting bladder, maintaining the current balance of compression and control would soon require more effort than she could sustain. Her powers had bought her a little more time, but if she was going to escape this predicament with her dignity intact, she knew she had to find somewhere to relieve herself right away.

Aquamarine was struggling to think of a way to get down to the ground without admitting why she needed to when she got an unexpected reprieve. Typhoon announced that they had reached the meeting point and suggested that they hover here for a while, watching and waiting for their target to appear. Nodding a quick agreement, Aquamarine gratefully sat down on her water-surfboard with her legs tightly crossed (which helped her squeeze her aching crotch a bit tighter) and her hands folded in her lap (which helped her compress her pee a bit more easily).

Between that position and not having to focus on flying, which left her with a bit more concentration to spare for applying her superpowers to her lower anatomy, she felt she could hold on long enough to come up with a plan to get her out of this predicament with her secret and her dignity intact. She was considering the idea of pretending to see something and swooping to the ground to check it out, but before she could figure out a way to keep Typhoon from swooping down as well, her thoughts were interrupted.

"There! There they are." Typhoon cried out, pointing at a patch of dirt almost directly beneath them. Peering down, Aquamarine thought she could make out what looked like a dust cloud moving to the north, and the distinctive 'ripple' that always seemed to accompany invisibility effects. That seemed to be some kind of convention of the genre or something. It had to be Bayamtu inside that cloud, using his powers to hide a sizable force . "It looks like he's headed for the refugee camps. The others will never get out here in time. Come on, looks like it's up to us after all." Aquamarine reached the same conclusion a moment later. If the supervillain was headed for the refugee camps, there was nobody else who could get here in time to stop him from wreaking havoc and disappearing before the Team arrived. It was all up to Aquamarine and Typhoon to stop the villain and protect the innocent refugees, perfectly in keeping with yet another genre convention.

Typhoon was already gathering the winds that would carry her to the ground to swoop down upon their unsuspecting enemies, and without thinking Aquamarine jumped to her feet and grabbed the board she was standing on, ready to soar down alongside her partner. But as soon as she did, she felt a mighty lurch from downstairs, then a sudden squirt and the awful sensation of spreading wetness. Her eyes going wide, she gasped in horror and let out a loud and mournful cry of, "Oh no!"

Hearing this, Typhoon looked back and asked, "What's wrong? Did you-" only to fall silent at the sight. Aquamarine was doubled over, squeezing her legs together as hard as she could, with her hands jammed into her crotch, as a dark wet blotch spread rapidly across the bright blue fabric. Thanks to the costume's special material, even the little squirt that had just escaped was enough to form a patch of wetness that stretched from her thighs to her bellybutton. And the squirt that just came out was nothing compared to the flood that was just about to. Aquamarine's momentary lapse of concentration and the resulting surge of pressure had finally overwhelmed her overfilled, overstrained bladder, and despite all her effort she could feel her control rapidly slipping away. Another squirt came out, then another. Immobilized by utter humiliation, she squeezed her eyes shut and began to sob as her pee compression faltered and failed, and her poor exhausted bladder completely let go.

A tremendous torrent burst from between her tightly clenched thighs, soaking her costume in an instant all the way down to her knees. The material gradually swelled and puffed up like an inflating balloon as it absorbed the massive wave of pee, until Aquamarine looked like she was wearing the bottom half of a blue spacesuit, and she felt like she was wading hip-deep in a warm bathtub. The flood continued, gathering strength as the last remnants of Aquamarine's bladder control collapsed, and in a matter of moments the fabric of Aquamarine's costume had soaked up all it could hold. Then, as she squatted helplessly tiny golden droplets began seep through, blossoming all over her legs like some kind of unworldly dew. The sight was as bizarre as it was spectacular, as if the young heroine had turned into a miniature raincloud and was sprinkling the ground below with a gentle drizzling shower.

But it was not the only one. As Aquamarine's golden droplets of pee fell through the air, they were mingling with normal drops of plain water from another light rainshower. Typhoon, seeing her young partner in the unmistakable throes of completely and uncontrollably wetting herself, had reacted quickly, conjuring a sudden burst of rain around them both to camouflage Aquamarine's massive airborne accident. With any luck, nobody who saw the sudden shower over eastern Africa that day would ever be able to guess that part of it was spilling from a foolish young heroine who'd carelessly had far too much to drink, tried to hold it far too long and ended up helplessly relieving herself in a gigantic accident in the middle of the wide open sky.

The rain continued to fall as Aquamarine's bladder at last emptied itself, and she used a gentle burst of water to wash the excess pee out of her costume. Then, with a miserable expression, she looked up at Typhoon, who was still hovering by her side. The other heroine stared back, her face blank and her eyes glowing white with the power she was channeling into the rain. "We can talk about that later," she said in a firm and gently scolding tone. "It looks like you didn't give away our position, so right now we've still got a supervillain to fight. Are you ready?"

Filled with courage by the sight of those glowing white eyes, Aquamarine gave a firm nod and together they leapt into action.

Interlude: Friendship and Sequel Hooks

###

"Alright, so like I said she had to get changed in a hurry because we were at that reception thing when the call came in."

"Uh-huh."

"And like I said she must have just forgot she was wearing them, or maybe she thought it wasn't a big deal or that she could get away with it or something. And she probably would have got away with it too because all through the fight nobody even noticed anything, except that afterwards when the police showed up to sort everything out there were all these reporters with them, and they all started taking pictures at once and all of a sudden it was completely obvious."

"Obvious? What was?"

"Her panties! Like I said she must have forgot she was wearing them because they were huge and lacy and pure white, and as soon as all those flashbulbs hit they might as well have been glow-in-the-dark or something. The pictures were all over the place for weeks after that, with headlines like 'such a Marvelous VPL' and even worse stuff."

"Oh geez, she must have been so embarrassed."

"Well she tried to act like it was no big deal but everyone knew better. Anyway, after that pretty much every heroine on the team stopped wearing underwear. I was never really a fan of it anyway, but I tried wearing a g-string a few times, but never under my costume. Oh, and Lyconitum says she went back to wearing her usual briefs after like a week. But for her it's fine because she doesn't have a tight costume or anything like the rest of us."

With the story finished and that narrative loose end tied up nicely, Aquamarine and Typhoon went back to chatting and giggling happily. They were at Lake Victoria again, relaxing after their offscreen victory with another nice little dip. They chatted for a while longer, but it was a while before the conversation became plot-relevant.

"I used to wonder why Lyconitum wore normal clothes instead of a costume, until that time we all got teleported to Genosha. See, the teleportation didn't affect clothes, so- oops, better hold that thought. I've gotta take a little bathroom break." She climbed out of the water and started to walk toward the nearby bushes, then turned back and asked sweetly, "Aren't you coming?"

"Hmm? Oh! I... I don't... I mean I... well, um, I... I guess I could... now that you mention it," Aquamarine sputtered. As a matter of fact, she was quite badly in need of a bathroom break just now, and had been in need of one for some time. As a further matter of fact, she had until just now been trying her best to hide the evidence of her situation. With her bladder already uncomfortably full and growing more uncomfortable by the second, she was quite grateful that Typhoon had brought up the subject first, allowing her to relieve herself without admitting how badly she needed to.

Aquamarine hopped lightly to the shore, with a little splash from the water behind her and a great big bounce from the overinflated water balloons on her chest. Her gigantic gorgeous tits jiggled lusciously with every step she took as the two naked heroines walked side by side over to some convenient nearby bushes. Typhoon reached the bushes first, and without hesitation dropped into a squat and let go, releasing a powerful jet of pee. The bright golden stream flowed from her lower lips in a long, gentle arc to splash upon the bush in front of her and the ground beneath, as if she was holding some kind of miniature garden hose between her legs.

Then Aquamarine came up beside her, squatted, and gave a soft moan of relief as she released the mighty clenching that held back the contents of her overfilled bladder. All at once a tremendous torrent gushed forth, pouring out of her lower lips like a horizontal waterfall, with a sound like that of a raging river heard through a muffled microphone. The sheer power of the flood that issued from between Aquamarine's legs made Typhoon's leak look like just that - the trickle from a leaky faucet. In seconds the low-hanging leaves of the bush in front of her were drenched, and a sizable puddle was beginning to form in the soil about its roots.

"Wow," remarked Typhoon, glancing down at the impressive scene. "Now that's impressive. I mean I knew you had to go pretty bad, but I didn't expect anything like this. If I didn't know better I'd say you must've been holding it all day. I've been holding it since this morning after all, and just look at the difference."

"How... how could you tell?" Aquamarine muttered.

"Hmm?"

"How could you tell I had to go?" this time she turned her head to ask the plaintive question. "I was trying not to be obvious, but if you could tell that easy then I must not be that good at hiding it..."

"Oh, that," Typhoon replied with a giggle and a dismissive wave. "It's the way you crossed your legs, see. It's exactly like what my friend Jubilation does. You know about her, right? The tiny Asian girl? Well if you ask me she must have a tiny bladder to match, because that girl has to go pretty much all the time, and whenever she doesn't want anyone to notice she always crosses her legs in the exact same way."

"Oh... well, Jubilation is a lot more famous than me, so I guess if it works for her it must be good enough to keep most people from noticing."

"You don't need to hide it from me anyway, you know." Typhoon plucked a broad leaf from the bush as she said this and she began to pat herself dry. "I mean after all, we're friends, right?"

Hearing this, Aquamarine's face blossomed into a big grin, and she nodded happily. As the two walked back to the lagoon, she spoke up again. "So um, now that we're friends... my name's Nadia."

"Oh, that's right, I never told you my real name either. I'm Orola." The two heroines reached the lagoon, slipped back into the water and got back to relaxing, and Orola got a mischievous grin. "So Nadia, if you don't mind my asking... today wasn't your first public accident, was it?"

Nadia blushed fiercely at the question (as much as her complexion allowed, that is) and hesitantly answered "Um... well, not exactly. I guess I can tell you about it, since we're friends now." With that, she started to explain all about the side effects of her powers, and all about her previous experiences with wetting accidents. But that's a story for another chapter.

