Desperate Friendships - Page 7

Author: 222foxface222

*150*2012-08-12 03:55

{{: 

It just gets better and better!!

}}

Thanks so much!

{{: 

WOW, I can't believe how fantastic this story is. And I can't believe how much I've neglected reviewing it! *dies*

Okay, so to be honest I don't think I can leave the kind of reviews I've left before or I will die of exhaustion, but I will say this much: this is the kind of story usually only produced by an educated writer, versed in the art of creating characters and breathing life into them, constructing locations and making them familiar, and realizing what a reader wants and what works best. The way you write is fantastic, and the situations of the characters are interesting, realistic, and addicting. Though I haven't commented on every chapter, I've enjoyed all of them immensely, and have gotten completely caught up in the story-line.

The thing I'm most curious about is which romantic interest Harry will chose, if he chooses at all. So far it hasn't seemed like Harry has been thinking that way ("Which lover do I want more?"), but it's hard to imagine in my head that he would stay romantic with both Draco and Snape. It seems unlikely to me that Draco would want to share Harry, Snape would be unselfish and not ask Harry to choose him, and Harry wouldn't feel right keeping two loves. Of course, this is only in the event that he does choose one. I could see him walking away from both just to keep from showing one lover that he doesn't love him more. But I'm rambling.

Apologies for being so absent! And commendations on such a wonderful story. Hope there's another update soon!

}}

Thanks again for your amazingly kind words, Ryoku. Because this story is finished, I'll tell you what I envision for Harry's relationships with Snape/Draco at the moment. I tried to make it come across in the final chapter that Harry had come to realize Snape, although attractive to him, was more of a father figure than a lover in the long run, that Snape was his connection to his mother as well as his pseudo-father (Sirius), and he realized that this was a more important relationship to foster than their sexual fun. If I ever continue this story that may change completely, but, at least for now, that's the way I envision it in my mind. Harry and Draco go on being all sweet and hot and in love, while Snape watches over them. However, with everyone in the household on board with some omo, I like to imagine every so often even Snape steps out of his role and has a little fun with the boys ;)

{{: 

Brilliant last chapter of your story! I am sad that it's over, but you wrapped it up really well. And of course, it's the best you've stopped here, because you felt it was done. And if it feels done, then it's simply done. You did a great job with this last chapter. I can't help but wonder how it continues though, but that's up to my (and other people's) imagination.

I am really glad that you have appreciated my reviews and if you write a new story I will be happy to continue reviewing. I am curious what your next story will be about. I do hope you will write another one, because in my opinion you are the best writer of these boards and I would love to read more from you.

Well, that's all I have to say actually. Not so much, but I think I have told you many times what I think of your story! You are great!

}}

Wow. Thanks, Wolf! I will continue writing, and maybe in a while I will post something up on these boards again. God knows I've gotten enough enjoyment out of other people's fiction/fanfiction, I like to be able to give back some of the fun! I'm glad the ending worked for you--I was hoping it wasn't too rushed, and that it tied things up. Maybe someday I'll go back and revise the story--I think if I cleaned up a few chapters I would be able to find at what point I sort of lost interest/ideas, and give myself more to work with. In any case, I'm glad I worked up the nerve to post this in the first place, and hope you'll follow suit and post some of your writing--I'm sure it's wonderful!

**Thanks to everyone else who reads this story and comments--you're all great and I hope I've at least kept you entertained!**

*152*2012-12-22 00:03

{{: 

I'm brand new here, and although I'm not necessarily a Harry Potter fan, this story has entranced me! The flow of the plot line, the nuances that develop the characters, the quality of the writing, all of this and more have impressed me. Of course, there's also enough desperation to keep my attention as well. ;-) One factor that sets this apart from the usual is that it's a full-blown story with omorashi rather than just a series of pee incidents loosely connected by bits of contrived plot.

This is top-notch reading. You have just acquired an addict.

}}

I haven't been on the site in forever so this is a long overdue thank you, but anyway: Thanks for the wonderful comment--glad you enjoyed the story!

*156*2013-04-19 02:58

{{: 

I actually just now got to read this and I love it! Your writing is amazing and the accidents are just the same. This story has done more than impress me. It was hard to get into it in the beginning due to the lengthy chapters but I managed to work my way through it and I'm glad that I was able to.

}}

Thank you--sorry it's taken me so long to respond to this, but your kind words are very appreciated! Glad you made it through the long chapters and enjoyed it!

{{: 

Wow, I am so glad I've found this story.

Not many fanfictions are so good they make me cry (especially not on Omorashi), but the last couple of chapters.. Oh dear...

I liked the first 20 chapters mostly because of the accidents, but now since you put Sirius' diary in it, waterfalls have been pouring out of my eyes.. (Sirius is my favourite character. Like, ever. In every book I've read untill now. So naturally, I was devastated when he died. I think you're doing a very good job in describing harry's pain, maybe even a bit better then J.K.)

I love your Snape. He's so caring, yet such a horny B*%@sterd. Perfect combo!

Draco is so... Wow. SO innocent, so cute.

Please write some more! I'd love to read more chapters...

And Thank you for writing such a wonderfull story. :D you've made another soul happy here!

}}

Wow--thanks, BunnehMaria! Sirius is such a great character, so I'm glad you connected with him in this story. I'm trying to get inspiration to start a new omorashi story, but so far don't have many ideas. When I do start writing again, I'll let you know! :)

{{: 

Thank you for writing this! And so prolific! This is one story that deserves to be multi-chaptered! You did a great job, and you made up for lack of good omorashi stories on this site! This story alone is worth about 50! :) Thank you for writing this. If you ever write more, you will not lack in readers on this site! If not, well, this story is great as it is! I love that you gave a believable story for the omorashi as it involves each character - that is rare. I am glad I found this story! I voted it up by one for you! :) I can't vote too many times for some reason, but if I spend all my positive points on you, it would be worth it! :D

}}

Thanks so much, a_ban_doned_queen! I appreciate your extremely kind words and I also appreciate that you've voted it up! I'm hoping to write more some point soon. Haven't been on the site too often lately, but was so grateful to check-in and find your extremely kind words about this story!

