Story of a woman's awakening

Author: RNSL81

*016*2019-09-07 19:23

Evening All. As promised, hear is the next part of the story. I planned on writing the whole day as a single chapter but it kind of ran away with me so here is part one, the set up to the day. Stand by because I am going directly into writing part 2, which will have all the fun that can be had by two naughty little omo lovers and hope to have it up in a few hours or so. Sorry this is just fluffy stuff but I do like writing this part as well. Enjoy

Part 5a. Another day in the sea.

As I walked on my own back to the hostel my mind was swimming. Plans were made for the day that had me both excited and nervous. If all went to plan then today would be one to remember. If they didn't, then today could be a humiliating disaster. For more than just me. Still, I reflected as I pushed into my shared room, the risk was minimal if we were careful.

"And what time do you call this you dirty stopout?" was the immediate booming response as I walked through the door.

"Hey Andrew" I responded looking over to my roommate sitting on his bed, apparently pulling up his socks. "Went for a wonder last night and kind of ended up all over the place." He grinned back at my blase response.

"Bullshit. I notice after a few of us came back to see if you were feeling better we found you gone. And after swinging by Sam's to see if she fancied joining us for a few selected beverages she was out as well. That's some smart looking threads you have on as well hmmm?"

"Well Andrew, some of us are prepared to make a bit of an effort you know. We can't all doss around in clothes damp and smelly from a days diving. As it happens, I happened to meet up with Samantha and we decided dinner was in order. In town. Just the two of us." He was fixing me with a very telling look now. I coughed a bit. "And obviously yes, I stayed the night at hers." He glared at me for a few more seconds then split into another huge grin.

"Well hot damn. It's about time you know. You've been secretly pining over each other for at least a fortnight now. Bout time she made an honest man out of you." His grin widened as I started pulling off my clothes to get ready for the day. "Judging from those scratches on your back I'm guessing it was a very successful night for you two." I twisted trying to see my back but obviously failed. I glanced back at Andrew and nodded then shrugged slightly. He took the hint and turned to busy himself with his bag as he finished getting ready.

So, I thought to myself. Others had noticed our mutual attraction. I cursed myself silently for having missed it myself. This could have started weeks ago if I had had the balls or brains to notice. Still. I was there now and it was possibly more perfect than ever. I grinned to myself as i pulled on my chosen rig. Light gray briefs, Light blue thermal bottoms under dark blue sweats. An old foo fighters T under a jumper (the cold night from last night was sticking around this morning and it was a bit overcast). In my bag i managed to pack a full change of clothes as well as washgear. Andrew noticed this but said nothing about the unusual behaviour. Normally a towel and maybe a spare T-shirt was needed.

Time was pressing so, bag packed, we headed out. We stopped outside the door next to our and Andrew knocked loudly. Almost immediately the door was thrown open and Gavin and Dereck were stood there. Massive shit eating grins plastered on their faces as they looked me up and down. I felt myself start to blush slightly but met their gaze. Clearly they had heard me and Andy through the thin walls.

Twenty minutes later we were milling around the gear van, loading in the final boxes when a wolf whistle split the otherwise calm morning. Brian, no surprise at the source, had spotted Sam popping out the ally that led to her house. She waved a very impolite finger at him in response then practically jogged over to me before throwing herself into an unexpected hug. I staggered slightly but caught myself (and her) before returning the hug in surprise.

"So much for playing it cool" I whispered to the top of her head pushing against my chest. Around me I could hear a few whispers and a snigger from my friendly Trio. From Brian a spluttering sound displaying his shock at the moment. Sam shrugged against me before pushing herself of me.

"Not like it matters all that much. I want the world to see how happy I feel right now" Delivered in an overloud but clearly happy tone I found myself grinning down at her with a truly dopy expression on my face. Even before the voices around us could do more than raise to a murmur however the day got started properly. The staff door in the courtyard opened and we all clocked the three instructors step out. A few glances where thrown our way by them but as usual Alex's booming voice rang out over us. No more time for me and Sam to play lovebirds as Gavin helpfully pointed out as the last remaining boxes were loaded and we pilled into the minibus.

Sam and I grabbed seats at the back and I was pleased to see the Trio grab the seats around us. On the way to the shop for our daily supply run they ignored us so Sam and I could snatch a little conversation. Nothing much, just me telling her how good she looked. She had gone for a matched cotton sweat suit, a light crimson zip up top and bottoms. It looked good being tight enough to show off her curves. I couldn't help but grin to myself about what might be underneath for my delight as she had promised it would be good. Seeing my grin as I took in the sight of her she shyly crossed her arms over her breasts before looking at me coyly. Later was as she whispered to me, leaning in right next to my, her breath warm on my ear.

After the usual hectic and rushed shopping spree (sorry to the staff of that coop for our 5 minute rush every single morning) we settled back onto the bus for the 15 minute drive to the sight. We looked over the sheets that had been handed out with the days dives. Sam and I were diving in the third group with Kevin and Mark, same as yesterday. The dives were all fairly shallow and short. Our deepest and longest was only to be 18m and 15-20 minutes. Shallower and shorted after that. It was a skills refresher day. No doubt Alex's idea after his anger at yesterdays diving. Kieth and Brian weren't the only ones to anger him it seemed.

Oh well. Ideal for our plans. Three dives in the day with relatively long rests between was perfect. And with the colder weather, no once would find it unusual to keep the suits at least partially on between dives. From Sam's raised eyebrows she also sensed the possibilities. We leaned into each other, not feeling the need to say anything but just enjoy the moment. I drank in everything about her, the sight, the smell of her shampoo (although that might have been me. We did shower together after all). The heat of her body pressed against me.

Still, nothing that good can last. We had been aware of a growing volume to the talk around us, and what we could hear mad it obvious we were the favoured topic this morning and while most seemed either supportive or disappointed that I got there first, there was one particularly loud voice that raised above the others.

"What the fuck does she see in that loser?" Practically shouting as he was, Brian was very clear in his appreciation of the news. Beside him I saw Kieth try to shut him up but stares around the bus were alternating between me and Brian. He met my gaze and glared at me. "What the fuck you looking at" he shouted, all pretence of being civil now gone. The minibus was silent now. " You wanna fucking go you pie...."

"MAGEE" was the shout that cut through Brians rant. Ian, the instructor driving the minibus never took his eyes off the road but 15 years as a mine clearance diver in the Royal Navy had left him with a commanding voice that could go from his usual jovial playfulness to instant hardass in seconds. We all feared Alex and his wrath, but we were terrified of Ian when he got serious.

"Magee" he continued in a deceptively calm voice. "Do we have a problem or was I mistaken in the way you were choosing to speak to a fellow diver?" Brian's sullen silence was its own reply. "I'll remind you Mr Magee that your place on this course hangs by a thread. Failure of the written work coupled with poor performance in the water is bad enough but if you decide to be even more of a poisonous idiot than you've already been observed being then nothing will stop me from recommending you be removed from course. I doubt Alex will do more then grunt acceptance when I give him your marching papers to sign. And lets not forget. Unlike you some of the people on this course have friends. Large friends who would love to keep their skills at inflicting pain by scrummage nice and sharp. Be warned."

As the silence on the bus deepened and everyone looked about awkwardly I felt Sam's had squeeze mine. I looked over to her.

"Well" she said sadly. "maybe playing it cool would have been better." my heart went out to her as she said that. She didn't sound happy or bubbly like earlier, her gaze was downcast and I could see tears starting to form as her voice wavered. I did the only thing I could think of.

"Fuck them if they can't take a joke" I said loudly enough to carry to Ian in the drivers seat and I leaned in to kiss her. She tensed at first in surprise but then relaxed and soon was holding me tight while we forgot everything else and just enjoyed the moment. We didn't care about the loud "HA" of triumph from the trio or the few catcalls and whistles from the rest. At that moment all that mattered was that we had each other. Perfect moments are very few and far between but that one counted.

*017*2019-09-07 22:08

And the second part. There will be a third to finish off before we leave the Dive sight. Hope you enjoy.

Part 5b. Another day in the sea.

By the time Sam and I were settled in our favorite spot (a nice bit of ground hollowed out by a sheep) the first teams (Andrew with John (an OK guy but not in our group of friends) and Brian with Kieth) were in the water. The whole bus had sniggered at Brian as he stormed off and got ready with Kieth, trying to ignore all of us. Ian had give Sam and I a questioning look but then shrugged as I shook my head, nodded to us and went off to prepare. As Sam and I were, along with Kev and Mark, in the third group diving it was our duty to set up the compressor and bottle charging area. After the first lot were done, we would recharge their bottles for them.

As we settled down, we unconsciously decided to sit slightly apart, merely holding hands rather than continue to flaunt our new relationship. We chatted for a while, ignoring the issue of the bus conflict and made a start on our plans. We each had a large 2lt bottle of water and made a constant and steady effort to drink it before our first dive. We had also not gone to the toilet since a final emptying of our bladders down each others legs in the shower. That event had made it very hard (literally) to leave the shower without doing anything else, but we knew we needed to get a move on as "we skipped to shag all day" would not go down well with the instructors. Well, not Alex anyway. Neither Sam or I showed any signs of needing to go yet but, with the cooler weather, the coffee we drank before I left her place in the morning and the water, it wouldn't take long.

"Did you bring your changes of clothes?" she asked as we ducked into the hollow from a cold breeze off the sea. "I have mine for after."

"Hmmm" I replied. "I brought combats and a polo shirt for after. And my shower gear.

"Sounds good. I can already feel the coffee going right through me. Not bad yet though. How about you?"

"Ha. Unlike my little wet princess I can hold on for ages." she snorted and thumped me in the chest as I continued. "If no one fucks up, from the look of it we will all be done by two, overall done by three. I bet I can hold on to at least the second dive before I flood. Then i can keep "rewarming" myself if I get cold. Of course at some point the coffee will also kick in it's second effect but that's not going to be until after lunch anyway." She gazed up at me as I said that then shivered slightly.

"Isn't it a little weird to be playing a hold it game, even planning to loose.... complete control?" I held her questioning look as I formulated my reply.

"After what happened yesterday and this morning, I certainly feel its within the realms of possibility to enjoy this. Doing a hold in public is new for me, and, forgive the pun, but I'm scared shittless that we will get caught. But. There is no reason we have to do anything. Maybe yesterday's wetting fun was just spur of the moment release of stress and emotion." I paused thinking what to say next. "Babe, we don't need to do anything you don't want to do. Omo is my kink. If you really don't like it then just say. I'm not gonna be upset or hurt. I promise." She gazed into my eyes, her expression blank. Then that devilish grin started to form on those perfect lips.

"Huh. I thought you would have a bit more dedication to your cause than that. Trying to call it off before we even get started. Maybe it's you who is worried about their ability to hold. Trying to chicken out so your little "wet princess" doesn't show you up. Not to mention that you still owe me a special catch up event from yesterday." She pulled back and pointed at me. "Stuart, I command you. No giving up and going to the loo before we finish for the day.

We have three dives and there is one dive after our last so plenty of time to assess any consequences of your princess's decree. Very closely assess. And clean up. Together." As she gave me my orders she moved back into me. The last word was spoken at point blank range before we kissed deeply again. Then she jumped up from the hollow, took a massive pull of water from her bottle and stalked off to the compressor, sashaying her hips as she went, the red fabric of pants clinging to her perfect little bum. I watched in mute shock at this remarkable woman before smiling and reaching for my own bottle.

By the time we were suited and booted for the fist dive, we had both finished our first bottle and were into out second. Both of us could feel the tension on our bladders but whispered conversation assured each other that we were still safe for the time being. As we dropped rapidly to the meager depth of 18m we settled ourselves under the watchful eyes of Alex. Alternating between us and Kev/Mark, he demanded several drills be carried out from removal and refitting of weight belts (tricky at best to not disappear to the surface the minute it was off because your buoyancy was crap) to buddy breathing. Sam and I grinned at each other over this. Before the change in teams, I would have been sharing a regulator with Kieth. Yuk. At one point, when Alex was demanding Kevin demonstrate peak buoyancy control, Sam maneuvered so we could hang half a meter off the bottom facing each other.

She gave me a thumbs up then held herself between the legs. I gave the waved "meh" signal. I was not full but definitely not empty. The cold water was doing a number and as i watched, Sam gave a little squirm in the water and held on tighter through her drysuit. She caught my grin past my regulator and gave me a rarely seen hand signal before blowing a laugh out her reg then stretching nonchalantly in the water. I doubt she had actually leaked. By accident anyway. Teasing me most likely so I stretched myself before suddenly propelling forward into her and giving her stomach a push. With no leverage the effect was minimal but I heard her squeal through the water as she twisted away.

Unfortunately our horseplay was seen by Alex. His glare froze us both in the water. He grabbed the slate with "buoyancy" on it and pointed at both of us, arm shaking in anger. Sam and I sheepishly got into the correct position, fin tips just brushing the bottom, but this was old hat now. We were among the top third of the class at this and I took the time to admire Sams form. Smooth, curvy, suit held tight against her body by the water. I could look at that all day as she breathed slowly to adjust her angle to the bottom just with the air in her lungs. Eventually after a minute or sow Alex nodded and pointed to the surface. We were all done.

After we were on the rib on the way back in Sam pushed up against me so she could be heard over the noisy outboard that also prevented anyone else from listening in as it revved back to shore.

"I seriously though he was gonna lose it back there. That what we get for playing around. I was so scared, I might have had a little accident." My head whipped round to her grinning face. "If only you could see my cute little panties that I put on just for you. They feel like they have a wet patch the size of a plate in them. I swear I even felt a little trickle on my thighs. My thermals feel wet. Stu, I pee'd into my panties like a little girl." Her tone let me know that not only was this not the problem she was making out to be with a cute, lip trembling pout but that she was getting excited. Her breath was in short little gasps and I could see her rubbing her thighs together. I put an arm around her.

"Don't worry baby. Little accidents can happen to anyone. It's OK. I love you anyway, even if you do pee your panties like a little girl. Just hearing about it is making me think even I might have a little accident myself. Then we can be be wet together. Would that make you feel better?" Her hand discreetly went into my lap and she gave my obvious erection a squeeze.

"You'd have an accident for me? I can feel how that will make you feel. And I can tell you the wet patch in my panties is getting bigger by the second. And it's not because I'm peeing. Does that answer the question?" I looked about the rib. No one was looking so I grabbed Sam by the chin and tilted her head and gave her a passionate kiss. Our tongues danced across each other as the slightly bumpy ride kept a constant reminder to us about the fullness our bladders.

An hour later we were back in our nook, suits partially peeled off and tied around our waist. Our tops were dry but a single probing hand down Sams suit as we sorted our gear had confirmed the little damp patch between her legs. She'd pulled away and wouldn't let me get a second feel, grinning saucily at me instead, As we relaxed we were both getting seriously desperate. My own bladder was sending constant signals that I had no time to muck about, it would be empty soon, regardless of where I was. Looking at Sam I could see her distress was worse than mine. Like yesterday she was fidgeting and swaying even as she sat next to me.

Every now and again her eyes would gloss over as she stared into nothing, one hand squeezing as best she could. It was still at least a good half and our till our next dive due to some delays (a call had come in and the instructors may have had to run off to man the Island's re-compression chamber but it was a false alarm). I knew Sam would never make it. As soon as I had to move around and put a set on my back I knew I would also be a lost cause. I managed to sit up and scan around. With the first set of teams still in the water and the others all on the other side of the mini bus enjoying the sun that had decided to come out and shine on us I figured we had complete privacy. I nudged the distressed girl next to me

"Sam?" a blank stare was the only reply. "So. I feel like I'm gonna burst. You look like your gonna burst. I have an idea." Her head tilted sideways as she considered what I was saying. " Hold Me. Kiss me. Right here. Lets kiss. Once hand down each others suit, kiss, and let go together." Her eyes shone up at me as a blush spread across her face and she breathily replied.

"Oh God yes. I'm starting to leak. I need to go so bad. Hear, quick" She pushed her suit down a little further, riding just above her hips now. My hand lost no time in diving down the front. She was warm and wet, having obviously been leaking for several minutes. Her own hand found its way down my suit and she gripped my manhood, stiff in her hand but not erect (I was too close to my own accident). I gasped in pleasure as she groped me and a fresh gush of warmth enveloped my hand. We stared kissing, I managed to gasp for her to let me start first before she let go. Our kisses deepened even as I let go my control. At first it was difficult.

As my first spurt soaked my clothes, the moisture whicking through the layers to wet Sams hand, evicting a moan from her, I felt my body tense up. I relaxed again but again an involuntary tense cut the flow. For the first few seconds it was all I could do, Relax, tense, with my dick twitching with every spurt in Samantha's hand, the wetness spreading delightfully through the layers to run over her fingers. Even as it was my turn to moan into Sam's mouth as the pauses between gave way to a constant, hot stream leaving my body I felt her own stream start. There was no leaking in bit and pieces, no wimpy little trickle. Once second my hand was damp against her clothes, the next it was covered in a deluge of her hot pee. Between us, the hissing of two bladders letting go sounded loud enough to be heard by the rib in the bay nevermind the gathered fellow divers on the other side of the bus.

We were utterly caught up in the moment. A marching band could have gone past us and not even been noticed. As our bladders emptied into our clothing, into each others hands, we pushed our bodies together. Sam's free hand wrapped into my hair as she clutched the back of my head while mine pulled at the zipper of her top to seek her breasts, finding them clad only in a thin white Tshirt and the electric blue bra clear underneath. My fingers found her nipples as the fingers on my other hand started to rub forcefully, pressing the wet fabric of her saturated clothing against her even as more pee continued to flow out of her body. Her own hand wrapped and stroked my swelling member. I has hard now, so hard it hurt. My stream died suddenly and I was unable to start again as I felt the rising tension in my body.

Seconds away from an orgasm, my whole body tensed and I felt the beautiful young woman beside me do the same. I came first, breaking off the kiss to grit my teeth together to prevent a yell of raw pleasure. I moaned as the waves of pleasure took over and managed to look Sam in the eye as she let herself go. She buried her head into my shoulder to muffle her own guttural scream and her whole body shuddered in my hands. The hand still entwined in my hair clutched tight, pulling my head down on hers and I kissed the crown of her head as my own orgasm subsided and hers started to tail off.

For a few minutes we just clung to each other like that, breath in short panting gasps, sweat running down our faces and bodys, pee slowly working its way down the suits, wetness still delightfully spreading. As my body softened at my release I was finally able to let go the rest of my bladder. Another quite hissing drew Sams head up to gaze lovingly into my eyes. Her had, still gripping me moved slowly over my whole crotch, feeling the second wave of spreading heat.

"Babe" she moaned. "That was fucking amazing. But, we have got to get a handle on this. If we keep coming that hard and fast, You were right this morning. One of us is gonna break."

"Sam, at this stage I don't even care. That was..... Is there a stronger word that amazing?"

"Your asking me to think right now?" she gasped with a laugh. She pushed herself off me with her dry hand. "Ask me in an hour when I come down from this high". She flopped back against the dirt and once again I admired the beauty of the body before me. Dark hair in a messy damp wave behind her. Face flushed ans sweaty but with that glow that screams "satisfied beyond belief". Top still open, breasts proud with erect nipples pointing skyward even though the inviting bra seen under the tshirt so thin it was almost transparent, pulled up to expose her flat stomach.

Dry suit peeled down to above the crotch, not showing anything of the full toilet accident we had just shared but the smell of our wee was definitely in the air. Oh well. I could feel my own accident. Because I was still sitting, I could feel a small lake contained around my bum, tickling my balls. I stood up quickly and was rewarded by a hot rush down both legs. I wiggled my toes, swimming now in their socks. I sighed with profound satisfaction. Today was turning out just as well as predicted. And there was more to come.

*019*2019-09-08 00:03

Thanks. I look forward to writing more myself.

*022*2019-09-17 19:29

Gosh. It took a while and what I was expecting to be a quick end to the days events on the bay ended up being a bit of a monster. Still, its done and I'm happy enough with it. Enjoy

Part 5C Another day in the sea.

As I stood before my lovely, beautiful girlfriend, gazing down at her with the same dopey expression as earlier in the day, she grinned up at me.

“I guess we should do something about the lakes in our suits” she said. “I now know what it’s like to have your toes swimming. After all. It’s not every day drysuits spring leaks… from the inside.” The last was delivered with her special daft smile and raised eyebrows “Eh…..Eh”

“Your such a dork, you know that”.

“Awwww. Come on. That was funny.” I met her eyes then grinned down at her.

“Nope” I replied, lunging down to grab her legs at the ankles. I swiftly stood up and rocked Sam back on her hips and back. She squealed in mixed surprise and delight as the wee gathered in her suit rushed out behind her and soaked the back of her T-shirt and the dirt below. As she started to wiggle in my firm grasp I pulled her legs open and dropped to my knees between them, I lowered my body slowly down over hers as she flashed me a look of promise and lust. Gently, I lowered my lips to hers, drawing in a breath filled with the scent of her as we kissed. It lasted a long time, more sedate but more sensuous than our previous play. After an age I pulled back slowly. Her eyes were still shut as she gasped quietly, her chest moving softly with each breath. As she opened her eyes and looked into mine we smiled at each other.

“That was nice babe but now I’d like to point out even my shit is soaked. How will you make amends for this travesty?

“Well, I still need to rid myself of these puddles I’m standing in so lets swap positions and you can do the same. After that we suit up fully, blame the cold and who will know?” Her only response was to pull me back down on top of herself and try to role me over.

By the time we had finished rolling around on the ground, kissing and playing with each other and finally ditching most of the now cooling pee from my suit, it was due time for another change of the dive groups. As we helped each other zip up we noted activity by the rib. Defiantly one pair and the instructor already in and helping the others. Sam and I shared one last quick kiss and hug before traipsing down to the shore line. As we crossed from the field to the pebble beach I yelled back to the bus that divers were inbound. Our gear was laid out ready for us just above the high tide collection of dead seaweed and driftwood. With practiced ease we helped each other into our sets, even as the others came pilling down to dress themselves or help. Andrew and John helped Sam and I. As he was helping me Andrew leaned in and whispered in my ear.

“So its clear you to were getting up to some proper hanky-panky there. You have no idea what it took to stop that dick Brian from jumping out on you two. With that in mind, maybe tone it down a bit, keep it PG, especially if your making her squeal like that” He pulled back with a smirk on his face as I felt my own instantly go bright red. His smirk led to a snigger and he quietly spoke across me to John. “Called it bud” Sam froze at that shooting a look between Andy and John before taking in my blazing face. As John looked skywards with a tuneless whistle she squeaked in embarrassment and spun her back to all of us to hide her blush.

“Thanks for that Andy” I exclaimed with a weary sigh. He just slapped me on the shoulder then pointed to the water were the rib had just pulled in.

10 minutes later Sam and I were dropping lazily and slowly to our depth of 14m to do a series of navigation exercises. Alex, swapped over from driving the boat on the last run was once again observing us. Sam and I went first, navigating various shapes with 10 and twenty meter long sides as Alex drew them on his slate. At the base line the other two watched. Or tried to. Alex had chosen the softest area of the seabed in the bay and deliberately kicked it up to add a huge cloud of silt as a navigation hazard. Still, before too long we were done and settled down to let Kev and Mark have a go.

Our slates were immediately out and we started writing to each other. I admitted at Sam’s questioning that although my bladder was satisfied for now, my bowels we defiantly starting to feel like they needed attention. I was never sure if it was all the swimming or the pressure or sheer coincidence but diving always had that effect on me. Sam indicated that she also needed to go but not desperate. We both giggled in our regulators as we pushed our foreheads together and gave a little push to see if our bladders could warm us up a little but neither of us wanted to push to hard just in case, well. As we’d wrote. More than pee leaking out was a real risk for both of us now.

Before we knew it all 5 of us were ascending, at the correct rate, to climb into the rib and zoom back to shore. After the now rote ritual of pulling off gear and laying it out, swapping out bottles for group 2 to charge our old ones and a quick scribble in our dive logs and checking our planned profile was still ok Sam and I decided to heed our earlier advice. As the afternoon dragged on and group one dived, we sat with all the others. Conversation was lite between the group as Alex was watching over us all while munching on his lunch.

Plans were made for us all to meet at the bar after we were done for the day although there was much teasing when I agreed to Samantha’s invitation to have dinner at hers first. She was confident that that house would now be hers for the whole weekend as Lisa, instructor Rob’s cousin had text her at some point over lunch to say she was staying at her boyfriends until next week. As we discussed dinner options, I was delighted to see a very slight wiggle at the hips and a minute jiggle of her legs, tucked up to her bum. She also smiled at my own little jiggles and bounces as my own need increased.

Duty called as group 1 swapped for group 2. We left Kev and Mark to charge bottles as we had done the first set of dives for the day but between shifting gear and checking over our own stuff again, we didn’t get much time to chat. At one-point Brian looked like he was going to say something but as Ian was now on shore with us, he kept whatever he had to himself. Sam and I managed to snatch a few minutes together on the shore line, the sea lapping at our toes. We gauged that we were both very close to an accident and even felt like a pee was in order as well.

We agreed to try and hold on until after the dive. At one point we broke out in laughter as Sam pointed out any accident was bound to be associated with gas and god knew what that would do to our buoyancy control trapped in our suits as it would be. Our peals of laughter caused the others to wander over but seeing Sam on her knees doubled over, one had grasping at my knee, me almost doubled over on top of her they shrugged and left us to it. No one would have guessed that we were basically laughing at a very lame and geeky fart joke. As Gav and Derek had pointed out as we’d all relaxed together, we were just a little bit weird and therefore perfect for each other.

By the time we were trapesing into the rib for our third dive, Samantha was back to gently and discreetly jiggling on the spot. Not as bad as yesterday perhaps but well on the way. I on the other hand, was desperate. I could only remember needing to go as bad as this once, and that had resulted in an accident as well. I was almost hopping from foot to foot, trying to clench as tight as possible as the contents of my bowls moved irrevocably towards my increasing stressed sphincter. I had managed to relieve the pressure by letting out the occasional fart but even that was impossible now.

I felt that any lapse in control would result in a leak, and this monster trying to get out would not allow for a little leak. If this started snaking out of me, it was all coming. Sam was watching me to the distraction of everything around us, shooting me the occasional grin between her own occasional grimace. Our final dive was almost a nothing event. 12m down to a rocky area of the bay to do a quick set of searches. We go lucky and managed to find the slate and old torch that had been hidden for us. We quickly shot back to the surface once we were done so we could wait on the rib until the others were done.

It was while clinging to the side of the rib I realised I was in trouble. The dive had had its usual effect on me and, with the added inability to properly clench and hold while swimming about, I was right on the knife edge. I managed to pass my weight belt into the rib and shrugged out of me set. Sam had already managed to throw her gear in and I was momentarily distracted by her sleek form pulling itself into the rib, her legs and feet swinging away from me as she managed to pivot on her tight, flat stomach. She turned to grin down at me.

I mouthed help at her and managed to partially shove my set up to her. She pulled it in and turned back to me, now smiling wider than ever. I knew I was never going to be able to get in. The usual technique to pull yourself up as high as possible, flop down on your chest or stomach on the body of the rib and then spin around to pull your legs in was impossible. As soon as I pulled myself up, or even tried to pivot, I would loose all control. I could already feel the tip of my solid BM just poking out of my painfully stressed ring.

In the end, as I gazed into Sam’s gorgeous brown eyes I decided that it was now or never. I briefly considered going in the water first so I could at least try and pull myself in however the mess it might make as I swung around was not worth thinking about. I reached over the body of the rib, grabbed the rope line and started to pull. As my body rose out of the water, aided by a hard butterfly kick, I felt Sam clutching at me, helping me up. I managed to get my stomach onto the side of the rib and, as the pressure slammed into my guts I felt my last remanence of resistance drain out of me. The thick, hard snake of poo started to slip out of my tortured hole, slowly pushing out into my briefs.

As my legs swung parallel with the side of the rib I froze. The poo coiling into my clothes felt hot and firm against my skin. Sam pulled me fully into the boat and I managed to get my legs under me. As I sat Japanese style on my legs, with my bum sitting just off the deck between my feet. I moaned as quietly as I could as another few inches of poop pushed into my briefs. At that point it stopped, holding my hole open, the sensations utterly delightful. The heat of my movement pressed tight against my body by the layers of pee soaked clothes and the suit. I felt a small trickle of pee dribble out of the end of my rapidly stiffening penis. Sam herself crouched down before me taking my head in her hands before kissing me quickly on the lips. She then hugged me and whispered into my ear

“Just let it go.” Was all she got out before my body gave another involuntary push. With a gasp I let it happen, not fighting it but instead pushing gently. My BM continued to flow slowly out of my body. The snake, at least 6 inches already sped up as I pushed. As I peed again, the warmth flowing around my balls as electric, coupled with the heat and pressure of the poop forming a huge shapeless mass behind me, I felt my pee cut off abruptly. As Sam licked my ear my whole body stiffened and instead of waves of desperation and pressure, waves of pleasure racked my body.

I felt my dick twitch as, for the second time today, I shot a different hot sticky mess into my briefs. I bit my lip hard, tasting blood, trying desperately to hold of the yell of pleasure that wanted to escape. My head flopped down onto Sam’s shoulder with a satisfied sigh. Behind me my BM was finally done. A hard hot mass that felt as large as a melon was nestled between my legs. I could feel it just touching my balls as well as pressing delightfully against my now relived ring. As my whole body came down from the rush I sighed again. I pulled back from Sam, still holding my bottom of the deck to avoid spreading the mess around.

The cough from the side of us both shocked us into startled stillness. Together we both turned our heads to see Ian, eyebrows raised in a look of stunned disbelief as he took in the scene before him.

“Ummm, what the hell are you two doing?”

“CRAMP” both Samantha and I yelled together. We quickly glanced back at each other before we continued, making up a tale on the spot.

“When we were in the water my back started to go. We finished quick and I wanted to come up to try and sort my back out.”

That’s why Stuart was slow getting out and why I had to help him. I was helping him stretch out his lower back just now.”

“That’s why I was so awkward, but I was able to just stretch it out and the cramp finally eased off.” We paused now looking at Ian to see if he was even remotely going with our tail. To both of our surprise, it seamed he might. His expression had softened to a look of concern. A cramp in the small of the back could be massively painful and potentially dangerous while diving.

“It’s stopped now?” he asked.

“Yes.” I replied. “It was bad for a few minutes but I’m ok for now. Must need more potassium in my diet.” Ian looked like he was going to ask something else but we were disturbed by the trio of divers suddenly surfacing on the other side of the rib. As Ian turned to them to take the all ok signals and start the process of prepping the engine to run us back to shore, Sam and I shared a look of pleased disbelief. It was possible that we might have just pulled that off.

I stayed in my position as we zoomed back to the pebble beach I looked across to Sam. Sitting on the side of the rib with her knees pressed tightly together I saw all the signs of needing to go potty. The moisture on her forehead was not from her wet hair and the few glances she gave me, she nodded quickly at the question in my eyes. On the shore group 1, dressed and ready, piled into the rib as we pulled our gear out. I tried to keep my back away from everyone lest everyone see the bulge in the back of my suit. As the instructors also shuffled about I managed to get my gear up to our little base at the side of the van. Sam threw a quick hug about me before reaching down to grab her bag and starting a quick determined walk towards the toilet and shower block. I quickly grabbed mine and followed, trying not to waddle to obviously.

As I came around the side of the block, I saw her hand giving me a come-hither gesture out of the door of the female toilets. After a quick glance about I almost ran in after her. She grabbed my and pulled me into a tight embrace as our lips locked together. Her hands quickly ran down my body before one cupped each bulge in my pants. As she gently pressed the ball of poop against me and slowly rubbed my swelling member I moaned loudly. My own hands explored her body. One hand cupped her breast through the suit while the other explored between he legs. I pulled away slightly and gave a disappointed aww at finding nothing. She grinned at me.

“Not yet. And I want to get this suit off first.” She pushed off me and, with an easy grace, quickly shed her suit. For the first time I took in the full damage from her first accident. The light crimson of her bottoms was soaked dark red all around. There wasn’t a single dry spot to be seen. As she spun around a similar wet patch on her back showed where her top had absorbed the pee that had drenched her t-shirt when I had “helped” her drain he suit. She unzipped and pulled off the top, throwing it into a heap in the sink. The t-shirt underneath was transparent and muddy on the back, the lacy strap of her bra enticing. I quickly stepped up behind her and wrapped my arms around her body.

She leaned back into me as my hands came up and cupped each breast. I nibbled on her ear, my breath tickling and causing her to giggle. She let me fondle her, tweaking her nipples and making them stand proud before she pushed back against me. With a groan she bent over at the waist and her hands clutched at herself, one in front and one behind. Within seconds I could hear a gently hiss and a splattering sound as she relaxed her bladder with a moan of pleasure and relief. I dropped down onto me knees behind her and watched as the material clinging tightly to her pert ass quickly darkened further as it became saturated. Hot rivers run down both her legs with a thin stream falling down between them. She grabbed her waist band and pulled her clothes tight.

The sodden material pulled tight between her legs and ass, I gasped in delight at the sight. The layers were too thick to see any real definition of her gorgeous lips but the act did compress the fabric allowing more of the wee to flow down. I grabbed her ass with one hand, the other gently rubbing her. Another moan and a shudder from her let me know that she had come, experiencing a soft orgasm. Another soft moan and a sudden cracking sound from behind announced the last vestige of control leave her as a bulge started to form in her joggers. I pulled my hands back to give it room to expand. It started slowly, poking a tent into the material before seeming to collapse, spreading out into a ball. With a grunt the mass doubled in size, accompanied by a small final flood down her legs as Sam’s bladder was finally emptied fully.

Sam quickly spun on the spot and all it took was a look of pure passion. I stood up and immediately started pulling off my suit. As I pulled my head out of the neck seal I felt her hands pulling, helping to pull the suit down. As I managed to step out, my feet sucking slightly with a vacuum, I turned to kick my suit away. Behind me Samantha gasped as she took in the damage to my own clothes. Like her my sweats were fully dark, no single dry spot to be seen.

The mass of slowly softening poop was a large ball hanging between my legs. I felt Sam come up behind me. She pressed her body against my back and her hands again circled me, one hand on each bulge again. After a few strokes, the hand at the front slid into the waistband of all three of my saturated layers. The coolness of her skin against my throbbing member was electric. As she gently mashed my mess against my ass, sending further spikes of pleasure until I could feel myself building up again. I swiftly pulled away, determined to make this last.

I could see the confusion as I pulled away before her eyes lit up with delight as I reached into my pocket and pulled out a condom. She nodded. We started with our tops. My Jumper and T-shirt came off together while her T-shirt joined her top in the sink. Panels of sheer light blue lace showed of her perky and erect nipples. She blushed slightly as I paused to drink in the sight. I pulled of my sweats, my thermals equally soaked and clinging to my legs. Her own were rapidly kicked off as well. Her thermals, originally a beautiful white were stained a light yellow.

They had gone translucent enough to see darkness of the blue panties underneath. She bent down to pick up her bottoms and, as she turned around to drop them in the sink I could only groan is pleasure at the tight material clinging to her, drawing to the eyes in to the soft curve of her legs and bum, contrasted by another dark swelling gently held against her body by the tight material. For the second time in two days I felt my whole body twitch in anticipation at the sight of her accident held tight against her body. A cheeky glance over her shoulder, she smiled at the lust plain on my face as well as my engorged penis tenting my grey briefs, exposed as my thermals were halfway down my thighs. I swiftly pulled them all the way off, kicking them uncaring to the side.

Stood only in my underwear I watched as Sam shed her own thermals, bending at the waist to slowly peel them off. Both of us now were clad only in our underwear. She shivered before me, suddenly shy and hugged herself before she tried to cover herself as I simply stared at her beauty. I stepped in slowly and took her arms in my hands and pulled them to her sides. I closed the gap, pushing my body against her as I embraced her tightly. Our lips met, softly at first but with increasing intensity. I reached behind her and managed to quickly unsnap her bra without fumbling like a 15 year old. I peeled it of slowly, taking care to place its delicate form into the sink behind Samantha. I leaned down to take one of her nipples between my lips, letting my tongue dance over them between gently kisses that drew her breath in sharp gasps. I let my hands run down her sides, causing another shiver before I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of the delicate lace of her panties.

I let my hand continue down her hips, my fingertips running over her firm bottom. The weight of her accident help pull the panties down. I hunkered down before her, continuing my hands down her legs. She pulled one up as I reached the bottom to step out of them. The shape of her mess had moulded to the shape of her bottom. As she stepped fully out of them, I laid the panties to the side. I took her hips in my hands again before leaning in to kiss her just above her fine, trimmed bush.

She shivered in delight as I let my tongue trace little trails over her skin as I moved down. Her delicate curls were glistening dew like and the sharpness of her pee was wonderful on my taste buds. A sharp intake of breath as my tongue dipped into the sticky sweetness of her excitement between her tight, delicate lips. Her hands grasped the back of me head as I lapped at her. A finger, then a second also dipped into her, becoming coated in the sticky wetness. As I found the bud of her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, two fingers penetrated her with a squeal, cut off as she bit her lip to keep from shouting.

“Stuart….Please, Please.” Her voice was shallow and gasping, begging me to take her. I gently pulled out of her and stood. My briefs were swiftly pulled down at the front, finally releasing me from the confines of the soaked and sticky material. Sam’s hands quickly grasped at me, pulling me towards her. Her hips arched forward, desperate in her passion but I managed to regain enough control to hold her off.

“The condom.” She paused at my rushed words, disengaging enough to let me grab and rip open the packet. Swiftly I rolled it down my length, even the coolness and sensations of this simple action driving me higher towards my release. I new it wouldn’t take long for either of us to reach a climax. With the protection on I allowed Sam to pull me against her. One hand clutched at her breasts while the other slid back between her legs. Her own clutched at me, guiding me. For a few seconds I let her play the tip of my erection between her lips before gently thrusting up into her. She gasped and leaned back, dragging me with her as she rested against the tiled wall. Her own hips and body rocked gently beneath me as I supported my own weight and hers on the wall, one arm now wrapped tight around her body. I stared my own gentle thrusting, extracting a delighted mewing from Samantha.

Our breath quickened, become harsh and shallow. Her hands and fingers were now clutching and raking my back. Her whole body was tensing in waves, her body almost sucking me in as I tried to time my own thrusts with the pulses. My own orgasm came so quickly that I barely had time to let out a guttural moan even as she screamed wordlessly, her whole body tight against and around me. As we spent ourselves she flopped against me, her head resting on my shoulder. I felt my legs start to give and I pulled gently out of her. As I slowly crumpled to my knees she came with me, her own legs jelly. There was a quiet splatting sound as the heavy mass between my legs was smooshed behind me as I flopped fully onto the deck. Sam’s nipples rubbed into my chest as she pressed tight into my body. Between long slow gasp she managed to speak.

“Well. Not to be crude, but at least I know, despite my lack of experience, I can shag the shit out of you.”

A very different groan exploded out of my body as she hugged me tightly breaking into quiet, high pitched squeals of giggly laughter.
