The Mushroom

Author: Marin

*000*2013-01-20 06:59

Sorry if you've seen this post under fiction before. I don't like it under fiction for some reason so I'm posting it here.

During the start of the twenty first century, Japanese scientist Mitsuyuki Ikeda developed a method for extracting proteins from feces, ultimately creating artificial steak that became known as poop burgers, turd burgers, and a number of other ridiculing names. For decades, people dismissed the idea as being unsanitary and just plain unpleasant. Additionally, the meat was worth twenty to thirty times that of typical steak. To remedy this, Mitsuyuki worked with a team of American genetic engineers to develop a more profitable way to extract the proteins. They genetically modified a kind of fungus to devour the bacteria found in feces and produce the proteins they contained. While this method proved to be far more affordable, the psychological factors lead scientists to use this meat as animal feed.

The fungus got into the meat it produced for livestock and the livestock was the first to start collapsing with meat and blood oozing from their anus. The fungus would eat away the animal flesh in addition to the feces as it produced protein from both the feces and the flesh. The disease found its way into human digestive tracks from there. The Japanese government ordered an immediate recall of produce and ordered farmers to slaughter their infected animals. Unfortunately, this didn’t remedy the problem. The livestock wasn’t properly disposed of, and the wind carried off the fungus’ spores. The fungus ultimately spread throughout the air in Japan and infected people directly from the anus. With panic spreading faster than the “bowel mushrooms” as they called it, the government resorted to a desperate tactic they called “catching the mushroom.” This meant that the Japanese government would take extreme measures to prevent the fungus from spreading any further beyond its borders.

Chapter One

My name is Anzu Kohaku. I was born here in Takahashi Japan. I have short, slick, light purple hair to match my eyes that falls to the bottom of my neck and curves slightly inward. I also have these stupid freckles on my big, puffy cheeks that my grandmother likes to pinch. Everyone always tells me they make me look cute, but I don’t like them. I’ve always been shorter than all the other students too, and I would always struggle in gym class. I’ll never be able to ask out Hiroyuki Rokou like this!

Anyway, there’s been a serious disease going around killing people. I hope it doesn’t spread to Takahashi. It’s already spread to other parts of the world. Today should be a pretty normal day at school with my friends, Kyoko and Hiroshi.

“Hi Kyoko!” I greeted. Kyoko was my best friend in the whole world. We’ve been friends since grade school. She has long, green, thick, wavy hair that falls all the way down to her lower back. Her body is amazing! The curvature of her hips, the size of her chest, and she’s 163cm tall (five foot two). I’m only 146cm, and I have a flat chest! Sometimes I wonder if I hang out with her because I like her or because I envy her! She’s had at least sixteen boy friends in her past. As for me, zero. My life stinks!

“Hi Anzu. Have you seen Hiroshi?”

“No, I haven’t seen him anywhere.”

“Oh, I hope he’s not sick or something.”

I hope he doesn’t have bowel mushrooms!

“Anyway, did you hear? The government’s going to try to stop the mushroom from spreading.”

“Yeah. I heard their covering all the school classrooms in plastic and making everyone wear these weird costumes to keep the mushroom out.”

“Really!” Kyoko rolled her eyes. “Why don’t they just evacuate everyone and do things normally for once?!”

“Are you kidding? Do you know how crowded those refugees are?! They have people sleeping on four-decker bunk beds with one foot of space between their face and the mattress. It’s like military bunk beds.”

“Yeesh! really?”

“And besides, what if you evacuate people who’ve caught the mushroom all ready? Wouldn’t it still spread? And if everyone is covered up the mushroom can’t spread to anyone else. It would be trapped inside the persons suit.”

“Yeah, I guess so. But how would you even go to the bathroom anymore?”

“I don’t know.”

Things have been getting pretty weird at the school lately with this fungus going around. What if I’m next! DX

“Anzu, don’t look now but here comes Rokou san.”

Hiroyuki Rokou?! The boy of my dreams?! The one with thick, wavey, dirty blonde hair and defined muscle tone?! The one with those luminous blue eyes who’s 171 cm tall?! The one who makes me wet myself every time I lay eyes on his angelic beauty?!

“Hi Kohaku san!” He smiled warmly at me.

“EEP! H-Hi R-Rokurou san!” I stuttered before he walked off. “Whew!”

The bell rang for class to start and my friend and I had to go separate ways.

My bladder’s starting to act up. I should probably use the toilet before I go to class, but if I’m late for sensei’s class again I’ll be suspended. I’ll just go next period.

“I have an announcement to make about the bowel mushroom before we start class this morning.” Said the sensei. He teaches biology, the most boring subject in school.

“So, is it an actual mushroom that grows out of peoples butts?” I asked. The class snickered.

“This is serious business guys. People are bleeding to death from this infection. As for your question, the fungus looks more like mold from the time of infection to death. Research shows that when depleted, the fungus dose sprout mushrooms, and that’s where the real problem arises, because mushrooms have spores that the wind caries off in the air we breathe. New fungi are born from those spores when they get consumed or come into contact with the anal area, and that brings us to our announcement. To prevent the fungus from infecting you, government officials will be coming here today with insulated walls and protective gear. In short, they’re covering everything in plastic, including your butts.

They say you don’t need to cover your mouths because the fungus can’t cultivate from there. It cultivates inside your bowels since the fungus is designed to feed off your feces. I don’t quite get how that works but prepare yourselves.” He paused for a moment. “Everyone in the community will be wearing depends and an air tight seal under their clothes from now on until further notice, including students, peers and you’re parents. The bathrooms will be sealed off by insulated walls and used as changing champers. Showers in the school will be sealed off in place of out-door portable showers, and for the home, bath tubs.”

The crowd began to buzz. “Diapers, really?!” one student retorted to another. “Why couldn’t we just sleep on those military beds!?”

“I know how disturbing it seems, but if you think about it, astronauts had to wear adult diapers in outer space during voyages. So it’s not completely out of the ordinary.

“Gee, thanks!” Another student retorted.

“It will feel very weird for the first week or two, but you’ll eventually get used to the idea. This is a matter of survival now, and we’ll do whatever it takes to deal with the global situation.”

Diapers!? How will I gain the courage to ask Hiroyuki out now?! And to think that he’ll be wearing diapers too, and my parents! This is so embarrassing! Stupid Mitsuyuki and his stupid poop burgers and his stupid mushrooms! Ooohhh! I really need the toilet now!

I couldn’t sit still. My bladder bulged at the thought of wearing diapers. I started shifting in my seat in a sad attempt to get comfortable. I kept crossing and uncrossing my legs and shifting my butt back and forth. I tried really hard to sit still, but I couldn’t concentrate on the lesson. It seemed to drag on. The clock ticked as slowly as possible just to make me mad. Only half way through class, my bladder became really full. I started rocking in my seat and pressing my hands into my crotch to stem the urge.

“Are you okay Anzu?” Someone asked me.

“Uh, y-yes, of course! Why wouldn’t I be? Hehehe! Eeep!” I through my hands down to my crotch as I felt a wet spurt of pee spit into my plain white panties and form a small dark spot. They had a sewn line that connected the panties around the groin area, you know, the standard type. Though the damage was minimal, it had begun. The lips of my girlhood felt wet and slippery., as if breaking the seal. Now I had to manage with sheer will power.

“Yeah, okay Anzu. Look, we’re all a little nervous about this whole thing. I hope this ends soon.”

Nerves, when I thought about it, I figured it was nerves.

“I hope so too!” I sighed. Nerves or no nerves, I still had to pee really badly. I felt my legs quivering from the pressure. Fifteen minutes had passed and I was double crossed. My double crossed legs bounced up and down and I rocked frantically back and forth. I could barely concentrate on my bladder, let alone the lesson. I just waited anxiously for the class to end so I could use the toilet. I couldn’t stop groaning as the pressure wined at my flood gates. Another slippery spurt leaked in my underwear. My face burned red hot from the warm, gush of liquid now leaking onto the seat through my skirt. The dark spot on my panties grew into a marble, but the stain on my skirt was as big as my ear, making my whole crotch feel damp. A tear dripped from my eye when I looked up at the clock and realized I still had thirteen minutes to go.

Three minutes had gone by and a slow, gradual stream of liquid oozed out and groped my butt cheeks. A puddle formed at the seat of my skirt bigger than a baseball, but I was stubborn. I felt wet and miserable sitting in my own toilet seat. I only hoped I could leave early enough to beat the line up at the toilets. I crammed my fists in my crotch to hold it, and I realized that it was my own weakness and fatigue that allowed spurts to come through. With every waking breath I felt myself slowly going insane. The clocked ticked exponentially slower until finally, a miracle happened. The bell rang. I sprang up from my wet seat when I was interrupted by my sensei.

“Anzu!” He shouted promptly. I froze in place with my underwear dripping urine on the floor. The class erupted into shocked laughter seeing the obvious splotch on the back of my school uniform, a green skirt with a white strip along the bottom, a white shirt and red tie. It took at least a minute it seemed for the class to settle down. “I just need a couple of minutes to finish this up okay?” He smiled warmly.

A couple minutes!? My heart sank. At that point I could barely wait two minutes if I was lucky, but I knew in my heard the line was building up at the door as we speak, and I’d have to get to my next class by the time the wait was over. I would have to sit through a whole other class like this. Tears streamed down my eyes. I sat in my puddle defeated. It took him three minutes to realize that he would need to continue the lesson tomorrow, and dismissed us.

In a panic, everyone crammed their books in their bags. I rushed out the door with false hope and saw that the dreaded line was there. I waddled to my next class and sat down in the seat with my wet skirt, looking up at the clock. I poured my entire body and soul into keeping myself from getting any soggier. I just took deep breaths and meditated during the class to calm myself down. I tried to think about other things, like my friends, and Hiroyuki, the boy of her dreams. Despite the blaring, throbbing pain in my bladder, I was able to wait a little longer. I just challenged myself to go as long as I could without checking the clock. Pretty soon I found myself at a mental sleep state.

“Anzu!”

“Huh, oh, yes sensei?”

“Pay attention, this is important.”

There goes my happy place, at least my skirt dried a little bit.

I dared to look up at the clock. Fifteen minutes. In all that time, only fifteen minutes had passed. I felt my crotch lips spazing out as they spilt drop after drop into the seat. My panties were soaked to the bone by now. I quivered at the warm slippery feeling of pee drenching the bottom of my skirt. I forced my fist into my crotch and managed to stem the flow. By that time the puddle had grown to the size of a basketball, easy. I crushed my vagina in the clench of my fist until it hurt, but it was the only thing pinching off the flow. The front of my skirt got wet from the panties underneath. I just had to hold it until the end of class.

I began to shiver and sweat. My body grew cold. My mind began to go numb. I squirmed in my seat like an angry eel in a pot of boiling water. My butt squirmed in my wet seat and my legs rubbed hard against each other, shifting left and right, up and down, all around. There was no rhyme or reason to my patterns at that point. I just squarmed randomly as the pressure pressed hard enough to compete with the clutch of my hands. Another long squirt slipped through my skirt and past my fingers. I checked the clock at least every five minutes, if I was lucky, then soon I started checking the clock every thirty seconds. I still had twenty four minutes to go till the end of class. To make matters worse, I felt pressure coming from my bowels. It couldn’t get any worse.

“Anzu. You think you can help me solve this? I always forget how to cross cancel here.” I froze.

“Anzu, can you come up and help me solve this?”

Tears started to flood my eyes. I quivered with desperation and I felt a sudden, long stream of pee leak before I got a grip again. The puddle started to peak out from under my skirt. “No sensei!” I cried. “I can’t!”

“Why not?” She puzzled.

I paused for a long time with my face all but catching fire. “I need the toilet!”

“Toilet, why didn’t you say so!? Go, hurry before you have an accident!” My brain just about blew a fuse. Why didn’t I just ask!???? Without a moments delay, I tried to stand up, but the rock hard pressure in my bladder forbade me to move. The class stared in awe as they watched. “I can’t move!” I cried.

“Uh oh! Marcy?” She looked over at a Swedish transfer student. “Can you help her get to the toilet?”

“Yeah!” She promptly got up and rushed over to my rescue, but I couldn’t move. She was the thinnest, lankiest, most flat chested girl in the school, even more flat chested than me, but slightly taller too. She had a bright, highlight blond ponytail braided down to her upper back. She tried to hoist me out of my seat. “STOP STOP, Stop! It’s gunna!” I groaned and whimpered. A powerful, audible jet of urine shot through my fingers and the puddle became more visible. My fragile tissue hung on by a mere pinky. She quickly shot her hand under my butt and lifted me up without breaking a sweat. She felt short, spazmic jets shooting agains her hand and ran out of the room with me in one hand, opening the door with the other. I couldn’t believe this was happening to me.

She put me down and let me stand on my own. She saw short strings of pee spill from under my sopping wet skirt while I still had my hands rammed in the hole. “Uh, oh! You think you’re going to make it?”

“I don’t…”

“Just hold it a little longer, we’re almost there okay?” Without saying a word, I let her drag me across the hall way, holding one of my hands. I got a grip and managed to hold it in until we got around the corner, but my heart started pounding when I heard activity going on where the toilets were. My pupils dilated. The government officials had already come to seal up the bathrooms with insulated, plastic walls, and I didn’t even have a diaper yet. It crushed me. I stood in the hallway next to Marcy and let the pee spray into the ground. It flooded my panties completely. A wet splotch crept down the front of my skirt and my pee spilt into the ground below, flowing down my legs and flooding my black, slip-on shoes and short white socks. I sobbed openly in the hallway while Marcy looked away to give me privacy.

“Don’t worry about it.” She perked while urine flooded my butt with wet stickiness and flooded my entire spine with putrid shame. I collapsed into my own mess and buried my face in my hands. I wanted to die. I wanted someone to just shoot me with a tranquilizer, or better yet, a bullet. I wanted to puke.

“Hey hey hey! Cripes, it’s not that big-a-deal! I peed my pants in the car once!” I tried to calm down a little as I hiced.

“Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I’ll join you.”

I was at a loss for words, so I didn’t say anything. She pinched her skirt between her legs and stood there for a minute or two before I noticed pee trickling down her legs and a splotch sprawling over the front and back of her skirt. Marcy’s pee sprinkled into the floor and added to my puddle, making her socks wet too.

The government officials took notice and tried not to stare until their boss out-right smacked them upside the head. “Get to work!” He scolded.

Marcy and I took notice. I don’t know what kind of magic possessed me all of a sudden, but suddenly all my shame just went down the drain.

“See? It’s no big deal. Me and my friends do it all the time when we play spin the bottle.” Marcy fixed her skirt as I stood up to give her a hug. I pulled her tightly against my body. Pee dripped from both our skirts into the enlarged, rippling puddle below. Her wet skirt pressed against my wet skirt and I embraced her. “Thank you.” I sniveled.

“Don’t mention it. Now let’s go get cleaned up.” We walked off hand in hand like best friends down to the locker rooms where we’d fetch our gym uniforms.

*001*2013-01-21 02:25

I'll be posting the next chapter soon so stay tune, leave feed back, tell your friends, tell your enemies, tell your mom, tell your dad, tell your sister, tell your brother, tell your uncle, start a threatening chain message. (Just kidding, don't start any threatening chain messages. I will personally hunt you down and frown at you.) But seriously, feed back always helps. :)

*003*2013-01-21 04:31

Ha XD. You live in Scotland? :l Funny thing. The next chapter talks about new school uniforms that were designed in Scotland. That's actually pretty significant. No wait, I think it was Poland actually. Sorry. lol Anyway, Here's the next chapter. I just finished it.

Warning, this chapter contains male and female defecation. I'll warn you ahead of time so enjoy.

Chapter Two

Marcy and I made our way to the locker rooms to get our spare clothes. Pee sloshed around in my shoe at every step I took and we left a long trail of wet foot prints behind us. When we saw a police tape blocking the way, we saw some officials across the hallway and tried to get their attention. We didn’t have to try that hard though since our green skirts were dripping wet.

“Can we come over for a sec? We just need to get our gym uniforms!” Marcy asked. I was still a little shaken up though, so I stayed quiet. The worker came over to talk to us. I hid myself behind her a little.

“Are you girls all right?” He puzzled.

“Can we come over and get our gym uniforms?”

"Yeah, of course. Follow me.” He wore a full body, plastic uniform that looked almost like a space suit. At least he’s protected from the mushroom! We cocked inwardly.

"So where's your locker?"

“Mine is E29.” I replied.

“Mine’s right here.” Marcy pointed.

“Watch your step now, don’t step on those tubes whatever you do.”

Marcy worked her locker with minimal difficulty and pulled out her gym uniform, then the man took us down to get my clothes. “You girls want a bag? I can find one in the back for you if you want.”

“That would be great, thanks.” Marcy replied.

“And you probably want somewhere to change too, right?”

"Nah, we can change on the roof.”

“Ha! Right. Unfortunately those bloomers of yours won’t cover you up very well when we have to get those seals on you.”

“Seals, you mean those…” I trailed off.

“The insulation, to protect you girls from that fungus. Did your teachers give you the heads up yet?”

“Uh, yeah.”

“I know, it’s weird.”

I grabbed my uniform and he took us to a secluded, open part of the bathroom they covered in plastic. I didn’t even recognize it anymore.

“These girls need some privacy if that’s all right!”

“What are they doing in the, oh! Sorry.” He apologized politely. “If you want, you can be the first to try on your big girl pants.”He waved some cloth and a diaper around in front of us.

“I-it’s okay. We’ll try them on later.”

He just burst up laughing. “All right then. See you in twenty minutes.”

Twenty minutes? The guys led us into the stall, which was covered in plastic. Floors, walls, ceiling, everything was covered. Even the toilets were covered. It was like being inside some weird, balloon thing. The teacher’s weren't kidding when they said the toilets wouldn't be used. They guys gave us some bags to put our wet clothes in and stood off to the side. The stalls didn't have anything that resembled doors so we had to change in the open. I slid down my skirt and panties and put them in the bag. My legs sparkled from wetness. My panties were drenched on the bottom where I sat on it. The front side looked pretty soaked too, riding half way up to the band, clear and obvious. My skirt, of course, was wet from front to back.

I used the dry part of my skirt to dry off my bare legs. I took off my shoes to pour the pee out into the bag he gave me. I dried my feet off with the skirt, through my wet clothes into the bag and tied it up. It wasn't exactly a grocery bag with handles so it made a really big, bulking knot. Finally, I pulled up my green bloomers and changed my shirt, just so I had a complete set. Marcy and I came out of our stalls with our bloomers and bags and bit the guys “good by”. We had ten minutes left of class by the time we got back. We saw janitors over there mopping up our mess. My face blared red as they saw two girls coming down the hall way with their gym uniforms on carrying plastic bags.

“Sorry guys!” Marcy perked at them, just to make matters worse for me. I really wish she wouldn’t attract so much attention to herself.

“Don’t worry about it girls. We’ll take care of it.”

“Thank you!” It was so embarrassing coming into class with bloomers, and bags! Everyone stared at us on our way in, but they particularly stared at Marcy. What was she doing in bloomers carrying a plastic bag of wet clothes? She didn’t have to go near as badly as me did she?

“Marcy?” The teacher puzzled. “What happened to you?”

“The bathrooms are officially sealed off.” She replied.

“Oh, I’m sorry. So you didn’t make it either huh?” She turned over to me. I just covered my red, freckled face with my hands and grieved. “I’m sorry girls. Well, you’ll be given all new uniforms next period to fit casually around your depends so It won’t be too long.”

I noticed a small twitch in my bowels that moment and realized I wasn’t wearing any underwear under my bloomers. My bloomers revealed more details about my butt crack and privates then I wanted it to. It felt like the cloth was groping me. Anyone could notice the details if they looked. I pulled my shirt down as far as it would go, as if it would help. I noticed my parts weren’t as dry as they could be either, so it made a fine, dark line on my bloomers. Marcy let her parts hang out as she sat in her seat. Every boy in the classroom, and some girls, eyed me for the remainder of the class period.

Thankfully the bell rang and we made our way to our next class. On the way to history, I bumped into Hiroyuki Rokou. “H-hi Rokou san!” I could never greet him properly. He stopped to greet me back.

“Are you going to Gym?” He asked.

“O-of course!”

“Ah, well gym is that way.”

“Oh, right. Um, thanks.” It was a stupid thing for me to say, of course the gym was in the other direction, where Hiroyuki had to walk! I had to walk with him, still carrying my plastic bag. Good grief!

“What’s that?” He asked.

“Mylunch!!” I replied promptly. “It must have gotten soggy in the car.”

“Okay.” He replied, but there was a suspicious tone in his voice. What if he’s on to me?! What if he finds out!? Looking back, either he saw the clothes in my bag, or I smelled funky at the time. Probably both. My pee did stink pretty bad when I wet myself in the hall way.

“You don’t have gym next period do you?” He smirked.

“Of course I do! I’ll prove it to you!” I yelled at him. I ran off to gym class and slammed the door behind me, leading outside. Unfortunately, that wasn’t the right exit either.

“Honestly Hiroyuki!” A shapely girl rubbed her forehead at him.

“What, it’s pretty obvious isn’t it? She’s carrying her wet clothes around and she smells like my grandmother.”

“Insecure and naïve girls 101, never state the obvious.”

I waited for Hiroyuki to pass by the hallway so I could head to my next class. Sweat built up under my purple bangs.

“Hi Anzu!” I heard a male voice call out from behind me. I jumped out of my skin and turned around to see a familiar set of flaming orange hair that stuck out all over the place and a pair of red eyes. “Oh, hi Hiroshi.”

“Hi, are you okay?”

“I’m okay.” My eyes trailed off.

“Why are you wearing your gym uniform? Did you pee your pants or something?”

“No!! I was just on my way to, uh, gym?”

“Kyoko and I both know you have history this period!”

“W-w-w-well I-I-I-I h-had a schedule change! Yeah, that’s it! Hehehehe!”

“You’re not hiding anything Anzu! Look, we’re just a bit freaked out about this whole mushroom thing. It’ll pass soon enough.”

“What makes you say that?”

“They’ll figure something out. They always do.”

“Are you sure?”

“Guaranteed!” He smiled with confidence, revealing his missing tooth and shot me a thumbs up. He always knew how to cheer a girl up, but the mushroom still bothered me. What if the wind blew over before we got our diapers on? Oh, that’s the other thing I should explain. The “wind” in context referred to the mushroom’s seeds that the wind carried. You see, the fungus spread through the air so the only way to stay safe was to… wear air-tight diapers.

I went inside as soon as I saw Hiroyuki pass through the hallway and said goodbye to Hiroshi. Next class was History, like Hiroshi mentioned. I loved my sensei from History class. She was always so funny and full of energy.

“GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD Morning class!”

“Good morning.” Everyone greeted, including me.

“Everyone take a seat, quickly! We have a lot to do today and so little time to do it!” Everyone seated themselves and awaited further instruction. “Now everybody get up! It’s time to try on our new uniforms!” She cheered.

The class laughed as they stood up to follow her out the door. People’s hearts started pounding when they realized what their uniforms would probably be. Sensei lead us outside where a man in a plastic suite waited to explain things in detail. The whole school was outside to listen.

“Good morning everyone!” The crowd stirred a little. “First of all, thank you for being mature about this. This is really the last thing we would want to do, but desperate times call for desperate measures.”

Speaking of desperate, Hiroshi had been holding in a load since yesterday and his bowels were churning. He had his hands around his stomach as he hunched slightly over, The pressure felt like a weight in his abdomen. He could drop it at any moment. My bowels were acting up too. My bloomers began to ride up my cracks as I squirmed a little. Marcy didn’t have too much luck either with her bowels, but she had some time.

“So here’s what we’ll do from now on. You’ll be asked to use depends when you need the toilet, obviously. I’m sure you’re teachers already went over that with you. Now the real protection comes from this.” He held out a thin, pare of plastic, transparent shorts with thousands of tiny, stiff, metallic strips for infrastructure and reinforcement, for reasons we didn’t know. The waist band was a thick, metallic belt with a compact lock on it. There were two similar strap-locks around the pant legs that made it complete. In another hand, he held a rubbery pare of short shorts. “These, ladies and gentlemen, will make your butt airtight and keep out the fungus. They will be taken on and off by professional assistance in order to assure that the pants stay airtight. Do not try to put them on or off by yourself. Do not try to tug on them or let any air in. If it starts to get stuffy let a professional know. The idea is to keep the air OUT.”

I felt the pressure increase in my bowels as he spoke. Hiroshi felt his starting to force its way into his briefs, but he held it in.

“The ones we’ll be giving you won’t be nearly this ugly. There’ll be a pair of boxers mounted on the men’s depends,” He mused. “and shorts for the ladies to wear under their skirts, which will be elongated.” Next he took out some school uniforms. The men’s uniform looked just about the same as the ones we had. They had long, black sleeves, black, long pant, black everything. The main difference was that these shirts were longer and fanned slightly outwards to complement their hips, falling to their knees. Their pants were a lot baggier looking too.

In his other hand he held the girl’s uniforms. It was an entirely different design then our current ones, but it was a heck of a lot better than wearing bloomers in class. They were light blue with a white strip around the bottom, just like ours, but the shirt was completely white with a red tie. Like he said, the skirt was elongated, almost twice the size of our old skirts, and much frillier. It was mounted onto a pair of blue shorts, which was mounted onto the butt-cage balloon, as we later called it.

Skirts mounted onto underlying shorts!? What a concept! Every girl in the entire field thought to herself. Why didn’t anyone thing of this before, after generations of going up the stairs and crossing overhangs!? Or did they!? Girls began to question their social status in Japanese society. I certainly did. Come to think of it, there were a lot of overhangs and stair cases in schools too. Could it be because of the population, or were they just subconscious, male factors?

My bowels were really starting to bug me. I pressed my cheeks together and fixed the weggie on my bloomers. Kyoko felt a slight urge to pee.

“These new uniforms are made to fit more nicely around your butt so it won’t look so awkward. There actually quite stylish. They were made by designers in Poland about your age.”

Poland? I thought. Okay, there’s definitely something up with our society. Kyoko hopped from foot to foot. My friend Hiroshi felt a log begin to poke it’s head out. He squeezed his butt together to keep from dropping his load.

“Today, you’ll start out by getting fitted into your protective gear. By lunch time, you can report back here if you’re interested in a little education on the fungus. I highly recommend it, in fact, the first ten minutes are mandatory. Continue you’re classes for now and you’ll be called up to rooms c123 through c131, aka, the has-been bathrooms. There you will receive your uniforms, protective gear, and details on daily routine. If you have to go to the bathroom in the meantime, we’re providing port-a-potties. Ask your teachers to go. That’s all. No go learn something!” He concluded. “And no, the wind has not blown over your province yet, because if it had, we wouldn’t be giving you protective gear, we would be giving you intensive treatment involving injecting acid in your butt hole. Be thankful you’re not passing acid. Okay, that’s all.” We were brought back to our classes. I asked my sensei if I could go to the bathroom.

“No!” She scolded. “We have lots of work to do!”

“Y-yes sensei!” I replied.

“You’re so cute when you’re gullible!” She laughed and ruffled my bowel-shaped purple hair. “Yes, you can go to the bathroom.” She smiled. “Just don’t go in your pants yet.”

“Gee, thanks.” I retorted.

Meanwhile, Hiroshi hobbled over to the port-a-potties with his legs quivering. [start of male defecation] He felt one wave after another hit him, and he dropped a marble in his pants. Blushing profusely, he made his way to the lineups that formed at the doors. He tapped his stomped his feet on the ground and groaned. He crouched as the load weighed him down.

“You wanna cut in front of me?” A girl asked him with the softest, sweetest voice.

He didn’t delay for one second. He seized the spot in front of her, with three people in front of him to wait for. “Thanks. Nngh!” Suddenly, a log slipped out and dropped into his briefs.

“C-can he cut you guys, he’s really trying hard to hold it in.” That same girl requested the students in front of him.

“Uh, yeah, sure.” They agreed. He was at the front of the line, but there was just one more person to wait for. He pounded on the door and begged while he hopped from foot to foot. “Jesus Christ, let me in! I’m going to shit my pants in a second!”

“I’m sorry!” A cute voice replied. “I’ll just be a minute.”

“Hurry!” He groaned. He dropped another load into his pants and it started to expand outward. He pulled his shirt over it to hide it while a snake started slithering out.

“Jesus, hurry!!”

“I’m going as fast as I can! Geez! You sound like my brother!”

“You sound like my sister!! I’m messing myself here!!”

“Okay okay, I’m coming!!” It was too late. He had completely lost control of his sphincter and he loaded his pants with rancid mud. “Shit, shit, shit, shit!”

“I’m out, I’m out!” The door busted open and out cam Marcy. “I didn't even finish.”

He pushed right past her and locked the door behind him. “You’re welcome!” She retorted, but then she sniffed the air and plugged her nose. The other’s in the line followed suit. “Holly shit dude, did you shit yourself!?”

“I’ve had enough shit for today, thank you!” He replied. Hiroshi pulled down his pants very carefully to reveal his white bulking briefs. He held it up to keep it from spilling in the wrong place and dropped his load in the toilet. Hiroshi found it difficult to wipe himself completely since the poop had mashed around in his pants and smeared against his cheeks. He went through at least twenty sheets of paper to fully clean himself, and another twenty or more to clean the inside of his briefs. He placed some toilet paper inside his man panties to keep his dirty underwear from rubbing against his skin again and pulled it up. A little bit of toilet paper hung outside the edges of his briefs as he pulled his pant up. [End of male defecation]

“Are you coming out soon?” The sweet girl said. “I really gatta go!”

“Yeah yeah, I’m coming!” He stepped out smelling funky for the rest of the day.

I waited in line for the toilet, bouncing up and down with pressure in my abdomen. Finally the door opened and I rushed right in. I promptly lifted the toilet seat to find pee on the rim. “Thanks for cleaning up after yourself you pig!” I scolded. [start of female defecation] I quickly took some toilet paper off the walls to wipe up the mess while I did a potty dance in the port-a-potty. I felt the snake begin to slip out and I caught it just in time, but now my hands were preoccupied. My face flushed red at what I was about to do, but I swallowed my pride and relaxed my mind.

“Un, excuse me! Could someone come in and help me?” I quivered. A snake slipped into my bloomers. “Hurry!!”

“I’m coming in.” Said a girl with pink, long hair and green eyes. When she tried the door, it was locked.

“Ooohh!” I moaned.

“Are you going to be okay?” She asked.

“Nooo!!” I whimpered.

“Un lock the door for me and I’ll come in and help you!”

“I can’t!!”

“It’s okay, just go in your pants then.”

“Okay I’m unlocking it, I’m unlocking it!” I pressed as hard as I could to push the load back up, just long enough to take my hands away. I unlocked the door and my hands went right back down to my butt. It was so embarrassing asking someone to help me, but I didn’t know what else to do. I already had a lump in my bloomers. The girl came in and locked the door behind her.

“What’s the problem?”

“The toilet, I need you to cover it up with toilet paper! Pleas hurry!”

“S-seriously! Is THAT what’s holding you up?”

“Hurry!!” Another long snake loaded my bloomers and they began to bulge and sag. The girl frantically covered the seat in toilet paper while I was completely losing my grip. My sphincter gave in and the muck just spilt into my bloomers.

“There, go!!” The girl said. I quickly pulled down my bloomers and finished my business in the toilet. The mess flowed into the hole like tooth paste through my anus for almost a half a minute. I started to cry from the mess I already made in my bloomers.

“It’s okay!” She patted my back. “You made it, for the most part.”

“That’s the second time today!” I cried. “I don’t have anything else to change into!” When I finished and wiped myself, she dumped out my mess for me and wiped up the inside of my bloomers with toilet paper to the best of her ability. We took up to fifteen minutes to come out, making the other students mad at us. [End of female defecation]

“Whew! That was close!” I heard Kyoko say from the next door port-a-potty. I was not going to enjoy wearing diapers.

That's the end of Chapter two. So yeah, it was the Polish who designed the new uniforms. Again, pleas leave feed back. Feed back helps. It's also very tasty. :p

*004*2013-01-24 02:55

I see I'm still getting viewers! :) No I didn't forget about it I've just been really busy with homework. (I slacked off. :() I'll catch up soon enough. Hopefully I'll be able to upload the next chapter this weekend.

Let me know what you like about it and how I can improve. It'll improve my writing skills for you guys. Also, do you appreciate the defecation head's up I give or dose it ruin the story for you? I'll think of a better way to for-warn some people.

*005*2013-01-31 06:45

I finally got the third chapter finished, I stayed up way too late though.

Quick review.

The protagonist, Anzu Kohaku, is short, skinny and fairly flat chested, but she still has a little shape. She has short, bowel shaped, purple hair, puffy cheeks and freckles. Her two best friends are Hiroshi and Kyoko, and she's in love with Hiroyoshi Rokou, a lean, muscular, blue eyed stud with thick, wavy blond hair. A Fungus was genetically engineered to extract protein from human feces, but it infected humans and live stock from the anus and proved to be a deadly infection. In a desperate attempt to seize the infection at it's boarders, the Japanese government is making it's people wear airtight diapers to keep the infection out and creating plastic insulation inside the bathrooms for experts to change them in.

Anzu has to use the toilet during class, so her teacher allows her to go with a student escort, but when she gets to the bathroom to find it covered in plastic, she wets herself on the spot. To make her feel better, Marcy, her escort, wets herself deliberately. They both change into their gym uniforms and head outside for an assembly that explains the new daily routines regarding diapers and the new uniforms to go with them. After the assembly, Anzu tries to make it to the port-a-potties that were provided as a temporary substitute for the school bathrooms, having to go number two. She soils herself before she can get her bloomers down with the help of a student. Her friend, Hrioshi, finds himself soiling his briefs before he can even get inside the port-a-potty.

And now, for our featured presentation! lol

Chapter 3

I was in history class waiting to be called up for my uniform so I could change out of my sticky bloomers. I swear if they didn’t call me up soon I’d get a diaper rash before I even got a diaper.

“Takashi Tsucasa, report to c122.” The intercom requested. “Shizuki Akira, report to c125; Naoki Reiki, to c 127” The intercom went on like that for the rest of the day every ten minutes. I don’t remember the actual names or room numbers but I know they were a lot more organized then that. They called out six boys to one bathroom at a time, times the four or five other bathrooms we had in the school which had varying amounts of stalls to change in. They called out boys in order from c123 to c131, then the girls in order from c122 to 130. The girls bathrooms were all even numbered rooms, and the boys obviously had the odd ones. They also called students up in alphabetical order. They had all their numbers strait. They had too, there were billions of people they had to diaper with only a limited amount of human resources.

Teachers didn’t really get any quality teaching in with the intercom rambling all day. My bloomers felt miserable to sit in. I wish I would have put some toilet paper in them or something, because it was starting to sweat and itch. To make matters worse, the boy who sat next to me was a snob. If he noticed something funky, like my smell, he didn’t hold back.

“Dude, why do you smell like shit?”

“Shut up Noboru!” I snapped.

“Did you shit your pants or something?”

“Shut your mouth!”

“You did, didn’t you!? It smells funky!”

“Would you shut up! You’re so stupid

Noboru!” I slammed my hand on the table.

“Anzu! Pay attention!”

“But he…”

“Anzu, I will not ask you again.”

I took a deep breath as quietly as I could so she didn’t accuse me of huffing at her. Her name was Nori sensei.

“Anzu, Anzu.” Noboru tried to get my attention, but I tried to ignore him. “Anzu!”

“Anzu, stop talking to your friends and pay attention.” Her tone grew impatient with me.

“I’m not!” I protested.

“Quiet!” She scolded. “If you keep this up

I’ll send you to the office!”

“I’ll just go!” I surrendered. I knew

Noboru and Nori sensei well enough to know better, and I didn’t want to listen to her yell at me anymore.

“Fine!” Nori sensei pouted. “You can just wait till the end of the day to get your uniform!”

“What!?”

“To the office.”

“But what was I supposed to…”

“Now, Anzu!!” I stormed off and slammed the door behind me as hard as I could with rage flaring in my chest. My eyes grew moist as I tried to hold back tears of frustration. Teachers were supposed to get fired for raising their voice like that, but staff members never took claims seriously, obviously because they abused the privilege.

Meanwhile I sat in the principal’s office trying not to cry again. I’d been crying a lot lately over a lot of things.

Well, not really. I had two accidents in a row, we were all doomed to wear diapers and my teacher was being impossible! And worse, I couldn’t get changed until the end of the day! Who does she think she is anyway!? I couldn’t stand sitting in my sticky bloomers anymore. My butt was soggy and raw from sitting in my own pee for over a half an hour and now this!

“What happened?” The principal asked me.

“I robbed the bank and killed my family and gutted them for dinner!” I pouted.

“Calm down!” He chuckled. “You’re human, humans make mistakes.”

“Noboru wouldn’t stop talking to me and sensei thinks it’s my fault!” My voice started breaking up.

“Nori!” He said aloud.

“She said I can’t change until the end of the day” I cried. “and I havn’t been able to change my pants all day! I didn’t make it to the bathroom and now…” My voice locked up.

“That’s it, Nori’s fired.” He threw his hands up in the air.

“Why, what did she do?” I was relieved to hear that the principal was having as many problems with Nori sensei as I was. It was delicious to see her getting in trouble for once. Principal Hinata made his way to that class room where she taught her class.

Earlier that day, when I stormed out the door, Nori sensei continued her lesson on world war two, but she was interrupted by a student “Hey Nori sensei?”

“Yes Hideyoshi?”

“Why are you such an ass hole?” Her face went blank.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that.”

She chuckled sweetly.

“Ass… hole!” The class could see it in her face, but then a dirty thought came to their mind regarding the principals policies towards teachers. “And a butt-fucking duck spooner.” Another student smirked.

“And a baby raping…”

“That’s enough!!” She shrieked.

“You’re also a…”

“Kristine!!” She called out to a Swedish student. Her face exploded with rage as her voice surely carried out through the hallways.

“Kiss my ass Nori!”

“E-excuse me!!”

“Go F**k yourself Nori san!” As the class began to sing a colorful chorus of horrendous language for her she marched over, grabbed the ruler and started hammering it onto her desk to get the classes attention until it splintered, and she hammered it further as the splinters of wood flew across the class. The class went dead silent in shock.

“Listen to me you brats!!” She shrieked. Her voice echoed in the hallway.

“Chill man.” A bold student remarked.

“What!!”

“Nori chan!” She heard the voice of the principal standing by the door. I hid behind him for coverage. I’ve never been so scared in my life when I saw the burning rage in her face. Students looked at me like some sort of tattle tale. “First off, you have no authority to determine when students receive their mandatory uniforms under the governments orders. Secondly, those rulers cost the school a hundred yen each.” Her heart sank, but she didn’t dare dispute him. “I’m afraid I have to let you go.” He announced.

I felt a twinge in my bladder as I merely trembled from her rage I heard in the hallway. I bent my legs inward. I also drank a lot of fluids that morning. With a tear in her eye, Nori sensei left the room.

“And as for you students” He glared at them. “If I ever hear that kind of language again I’ll skin you alive.” The principal snickered a little. “It was pretty funny though!” Nori sensei couldn’t believe what she was hearing from down the hall way. “Nori chan, huh!?” She snorted. “Anzu Kohaku, report to c126.” I heard them say on the intercom. Great, I would be the first student in my class to walk in with a new uniform, and a… well.

So I got up and left to c124 like she said. I couldn’t believe I was the first student in my class to be called up.

Then again, Anzu is pretty close to the first letter of the alphabet, unless they were going by last names. They must have been going by first names because that was way too fast. Still, it would be a relief to get out of those bloomers. I wonder if they have something special for bloomers too, or if were having gym at all. Maybe this mushroom’s infecting people’s heads. I mused.

I approached the bathroom c124 to find that there was a line waiting outside the entrance. There was a long, plastic tunnel along the wall with tubes sticking out all over. I heard girls and boys from both bathrooms peeing in buckets, and I overheard people inside asking if the students had to use the toilet before they changed them. Gross!

Students came out of the bathrooms either blushing their face off, or strangely, full of energy. I didn’t want to know.

Maybe they just liked the uniforms. I have to admit I did like the new skirts girls were coming out with. They were so much cuter then the ones we wore. The shirts were almost like dresses with their frilly bottoms.

I heard some people talking about how comfortable the diapers were. Some of them talked about how weird they felt and some of them simply went back to class. I saw a few standing outside the door of their classroom doors so they wouldn’t have to face the class. I considered it, but my teacher would start to wonder where I was. Wait, my teacher was fired, but they probably found a substitute by now. She probably wouldn’t recognize me though, but, then I’d miss the lesson, like I cared anyway.

Suddenly I saw a familiar face stroll down the hallway. It was Hiroyuki Rokou. His dirty blond hair shined like gold, and his eyes shimmered. I couldn’t believe these people were about to put someone as dignified as him in something as degrading as big boy pants, if you know what I mean. I couldn’t stand the thought.

“So you’re here too huh?” He looked me in the eye. I didn’t speak. My whole soul froze over. This couldn’t be happening. I couldn’t stand it.

We waited in line, practically right next to each other. It was the most awkward twenty minutes of my life and my bladder was starting to build up. I knew I only had two options. Go in the bucket in front of everyone or go in my diaper in front of everyone when I received it.

It was too trivial for me. I tried to think about something else while the line progressed quickly. Before I knew it, I was standing at the foot of the plastic tunnel. The urge in my bladder grew uncomfortable. I paced a bit in the line. I wanted to ask someone to cut me in line so I could prepare myself, but that would be even more embarrassing. After all, I wasn’t the only one having to go through this.

I was now half way through the tunnel. I felt a breeze coming from inside the plastic-sealed bathroom every time the zipper to the plastic tent-like hatch came open. The zipper was perfectly vertical.

They barely opened enough for someone to fit through and closed it again. I felt the plastic along the way. It was very stiff and crinkly. It smelled like it came fresh out of one of those store packages, like the smell you get when you pull the rappers off of a new printer. I came closer and closer to the zipper as it neared my turn. My heart was racing. The tension in my bladder grew.

I had finally reached the zipper. My chest was pounding as the zipper opened and the woman there pulled me through. I walked hesitantly through to what used to be the inside of the girls bathroom.

The floors, walls and ceilings were all covered in plastic. A long, cardboard box of air tight diapers rested along the wall under a portable hanger full of our uniforms. I was lead into the stall all the way to the end while there was a line of girls on their way out with their new uniforms. They looked so cute, uh, the uniforms I mean!

“This will be your daily routine from here on out, Monday through Sunday.” A woman whispered to me, standing inside the stall with me while she handed me an envelope. “Do you want to use the toilet before we begin?”

My freckled cheeks burned red. The humiliation was intoxicating. There was no door on the stall besides the solid one underneath the plastic, so it was wide open. The only privacy we had was the fact that there were only enough girls in the bathroom at one time to fill up the stalls. On top of that I went in there with my gym uniform, which I soiled.

I just couldn’t build the strength to use the bucket. I shook my head and that was it.

She yanked my bloomers down to the floor and wiped me with a baby wipe. I felt her warm hands smear powder on my bare cheeks.

I saw the inner crotch of my bloomers on the ground hang out. It was smeared with my poop. I wanted to puke, but the woman paid no attention to anything more or less then her job it seemed. She moved so quickly I could tell she had been doing this all day, and she didn’t seem to care. My bladder tinged again as she reached for the diaper next to her. It wasn’t mounted with the shorts like they showed during the assembly. Nor were the shorts mounted onto the skirts. It came separately. At first I wondered why, but I would figure it out real fast.

She laid the diaper out on the toilet seat and sat me down on it. It was white, fluffy, and very soft, like silk on tissue paper. It was a big, bulky tape-on. I could see why the uniforms were so big and loose looking. She taped my diaper in place as its soft texture pressed against my skin. It felt so good to finally be clean after sitting in those bloomers all day, and there were no inappropriate creases that revealed my parts.

I still had to use the toilet as she stood me up to put my shorts on. She lifted the pant legs to reveal the metallic strap that secured the garment. The inside of it was made of rubber. It was extremely stiff, yet extremely flexible. It felt like really short tights, except a lot thicker.

The pant legs were about an inch long. The woman tightened the straps from behind and locked them in place somehow. There were no huge locks. The straps just stuck a cirtain way. I never really understood how those things worked.

The woman pulled down the top part of my shorts to reveal the metallic belt around my waist and tightened it. Something told me there was no getting this off by myself. I really wish I would have just used the bucket. My big, round diaper and the shorts together were bigger then my waist. I stood there in my bulky diaper shorts and my gym shirt when she grabbed a size small uniform off the hanger and handed them to me. She allowed me to change myself from that point on.

I slipped my shirt off to expose my plain white bra and threw the stand-alone gown over my body. It was enough to cover up my airtight shorts. Regardless, I pulled up my skirt, which almost looked like a bell dress. It was blue with a white strip along the bottom, falling down below my knees. There was no hiding the diaper underneath if some pervert decided to lift my skirt, so it was especially handy how long they were. It was a lot heavier than my old uniform, and a lot cozier. Though my heart was still pounding from excitement, all in all, it really wasn’t that bad. It was really weird though. It felt like wearing a pillow on my tush.

When everyone was done changing and using the toilet, We exited the room through a different zipper that lead to the same hallway. It felt great walking around in my new uniform. My diaper rubbed against my skin as my legs moved around. I loved it. I was actually a little anxious to show my friends how I looked. There was just one problem though. I still had to pee.

*006*2013-02-01 20:09

For those of you who like this series so far, I'll be posting it under the new "Fiction" tab near the top of the page. If you go there, you can find my story titled "The Mushroom." if you click on the "all stories" tab, also near the top. Leave me a message if you have any trouble finding it, and leave feed back.

Also, I'm changing the story a little bit because I don't really like where this is going. I mean, I like where this is going, but that wasn't my initial intention. If you don't want to read through it again to scope out the changes, basically, instead of the fungus being directly deadly, it infests farm land and lives in the sewer due to people passing it through their bodies. Instead of the diapers being sealed on their buts, they just wear diapers normally under their skirts and pants and change them periodically. Instead of bathrooms being completely sealed off, plumbers take their toilets and disable their showers to keep people from adding any fungus to the sewer system. That's about it. I think I'll make a separate story about someone who has to wear sealed diapers, maybe a few.

If you want though, I'll finish this version of the story within this thread, but only if you ask nicely (in the comments) ;). I get that diapers aren't the main focus of this website so I'm not too surprised that I only got 500 to 600 viewers and no comments at this point, so if you really want me to, leave a comment and I'll finish up this story as it is.

*008*2013-02-04 03:53

Here's for the minority group who tagged along. Thanks for your support. Enjoy.

Chapter Four.

Anzu Kohaku here. I just got changed into a, well, and a cute new uniform. I didn't go in the bucket when I had the chance so I'm stuck in a locked diaper until, well, until they decide to change me I guess. Maybe we just go to get changed when we need to. I don't know. The lady who change me did give me an envelope to look at, so I guess I'll just open that and read it.

Dear Hohaku

Shi,

Due to a dire state of emergency it will be required that every citizen of Takahashi will be required to wear the assigned protective gear at all times.

The primary, underlying layer of protection will be replaced by a certified professional starting 5:30AM. The professional will also be responsible for some personal hygiene for ensured medical and personal health until 5:45AM. There will be a changing chamber stationed on your property until the emergency situation subsides. Thank you for your cooperation.

State of

Takahashi, Japan.

I don't like the sound of that. The professional will be responsible for some personal hygiene? What dose that mean, that I can't wash myself anymore either?!

Hiroyoshi caught up to me with his new uniform. It through my mind for a whirlwind of mixed feeling. His uniform was perfect. The curvature of the cloak around his waist, the shine in his new shoes, the bagginess of his slick, black pants, the simplicity of it all! And underneath it all...

"Hey!

You look great in that uniform! It brings out the tender loving creature in you!" He smiled. My heart wanted to explode out of me. I felt my face burn up, steaming, creating enough smoke to set off the fire alarms, but I couldn't get my eyes away from his crotch. I couldn't believe this gorgeous hunk had a diaper down there! A diaper! That word rang in my head as I tried to maintain eye contact. "These diapers are really weird feeling huh. What has this world come..."

"By Hirohi, I mean, Rokou san! I'll see ya around. Sorry I have to go so soon but I'm late for class." I laughed nervously. His shapely friend from earlier approached him with her new uniform while Hiroyoshi face-palmed.

"Lesson number one in insecure and naive girls, never state the obvious!"

I arrived at my class door with a tear drop near my eye, but I shook it off. I was crying

WAY too much today. It's been a long day. To my reassuring horror, I was the first to enter my class room with a new uniform. Strangely, the girls were crawling all over me, hugging and cuddling me. "You look so cute in that

Anzu chan!"

"It's even better then I imagined."

"Are you really wearing a diaper under all that!?" I had three girls tackling me over my new uniform. One girl lifted my skirt and peaked shamelessly to find the bulging, light blue shorts underneath. "She is!! Oh my God! look!"

"Don't look up my skirt you perverts!" I did a dramatic uppercut on the three of them to get them off. They were lying on the ground rubbing their backs and noses and other sore areas. "Geez!"

"Are you really wearing a diaper under that uniform?" A boy asked.

"Shut up Noboru!" Someone said in my defense. "Don't you remember lesson number one in insecure and naive girls?"

"Who are you calling naive and insecure!" I protested. I felt my blood vessel about to pop in my four head.

“I can’t tell you.” Noboru spouted off. “I’d be stating the obvious.” The girls next to him smacked him in the back of the head.

“Just ignore him Anzu.” Marcy told me. “That outfit looks great on you.”

“T-thanks.”

She leaned in closer to me. “So how is it?” Marcy whispered.

I hesitated, not to mention I still had to pee. “I-it feels weird.” I told her. She nodded.

“Still, I can’t wait to try it on. It looks so cute!” The shirt was a turtle neck with a white ribbon collar and white ribbon wrists. It was practically a dress. It looked kind of big on me but maybe that was just the design. I caught her undressing me with her eyes and covered my crotch.

“Go ahead and have a seat and I’ll finish up the lesson on world war two.” I took my seat with my legs bent slightly inward. It felt like sitting on a cushy pillow. It was so soft and warm I didn’t want to use it just yet. It was irritating though, sitting there holding it, again. Why did I have to drink so much that morning? It wasn’t just morning though. It drank a lot from the fountains between periods. I’d been real thirsty lately. Just thinking about it made it harder not to think about it.

“You know, if you have to go” The student next to me whispered. “you can just, you know.”

Damn it, I couldn’t hide anything no matter how hard I tried. Everyone else probably knew too. Everyone would know what I was doing if I suddenly just went because I’d stop squirming.

You’re so obvious it’s embarrassing! I remembered Hiroshi say.

Lesson one on insecure and naïve girls, never state the obvious.

Was I really that obvious? If that was the case, I would definitely be obvious if I waited much longer.

“Just go all ready! You’re driving me nuts.” Noboru told me. How could I go now?! Everyone would know for sure! Why oh why didn’t I just go in that stupid bucket!? What if I make a noise when I pee?! I decided if I waited much longer I’d definitely make noise and attract attention. I tried to let out a little, but my sphincter didn’t listen to me, instead spazing out before it sealed me off. I couldn’t even let go. It was getting bad. I tried pushing it but my parts wouldn’t listen to me, like they had a mind of their own. I tried relaxing, but the pressure in my bladder drove me nuts. I spread my legs out a bit. It seemed to help a little, but still no results. Just when it was about to come out… “Are you peeing yet?” Noboru inturupted. I immediately pinched it off. “Stupid

Noboru!” I told him.

“Anzu, pay attention!” The substitute teacher demanded. I grieved. Even this teacher blamed me for everything. At the end of the hour, I still couldn’t relieve myself.

It felt too weird. I decided to go outside and stand next to the wall where it was secluded, but there was another girl there in her uniform trying to do the same thing. We both blushed and I walked off.

The last class of the day for me was art class. It was my favorite class of the day. I always loved drawing. This is embarrassing, but I mostly just drew naked guys. Sometimes I drew Hiroyoshi naked. Okay, I drew him naked a lot. I’ve never told anyone about it before, but it saves me the trouble of having to delete my history on the web browser, and I can draw whatever I want. That’s the nice thing about being able to draw. You can draw your own fantasies. Don’t take me for some kind of pervert because I’m not. I just have hormones.

Class began and I took my seat. I was one of only five people in there who wore their new uniforms. Three of them were guys. Only one other student was a girl. She was tall and lanky with orange hair that fell to her neck. She was the skater type.

Everyone stared at me on my way in. Why was everyone staring at me? I wasn’t the only one with the new uniform.

“That looks really cute on you!” The girl next to me chuckled. “I can’t wait to get mine.”

I didn’t understand it. What made me so special? Why id everyone compliment me. I saw someone taking a picture of me with their cell phone. My head plunked down on the desk. My urge to pee reminded me again of what I needed to do. I could go on forever about how I should have used that damn bucket, and I would regret that decision for the rest of my experience. I decided to just hold it until the class was over. Hopefully by then my privates would cooperate. I sat in class trying to concentrate on the lesson. I don’t think I learned much of anything that day. I did everything in my power just to hold still. The diaper and the shorts hugged my waist tight. I just couldn’t use it. Five minutes went by and I caught myself shifting uncomfortably. I hoped to dear God nobody noticed. I tried again to just release.

“You look awfully uncomfortable there Anzu.” The teacher said.

“Sensei!

Lesson number one!” A student told him.

“Sorry!”

“I’m not insecure.” I protested.

“Then why don’t you just go already?” Another student said.

“I already peed my pants.” The tall girl said. Great! within the first five minutes of class everyone was riding my ass about using the toilet. “I’ll be in the hallway if anyone needs me.” I said, and I stepped outside.

“You don’t have to step outside if you need to use the toilet. You just go.”

“Just leave me alone.” The door closed behind me. “Some students will take some time to get use to this so be patient with them, be supportive, be a friend. Don’t bring it up if they have trouble with their situation. Don’t go around telling everybody else how many times you peed in your diapers already or how full it gets. Just keep it to yourself. If you’ve read your notes already then you know you won’t be taking those belted shorts off very often. Just remember lesson number one when you’re dealing with an Anzu.” The class chuckled. I heard the whole thing, and I stormed off in the hall way to sit somewhere by myself. With the security of seclusion, I lifted my skirt to take a look at my shorts. They were round and plush. I felt the fat material on the front and tried again to let go in my pants.

“Anzu?”

“EEP!!” I through my skirt down and shoved my hands between my legs, once again interrupting the flow of urine. Once again my blood boiled over under my plump, freckled cheeks. It was Marcy. She was coming down the hallway with her new uniform.

“What’s wrong Anzu? You look sooooo cute!” She came over and squeezed my thin, flat body in her big, round breasts.

“Why does everyone go all gobbly goopy over me?!”

“Because you’re so cute!” She smiled, like I was her kitten. It didn’t make the pee situation any better for me. I had my legs crossed without realizing it. And worse, I had my legs up, leaving my padded shorts open for the world to see.

“Leve my friend alone!” Kyoko stepped in to my rescue and pried Marcy off of me, accompanied by Hiroshi.

“It’s okay guys.” Marcy assured them. “I was just saying hi to my new friend.”

“She walked me down to the bathroom today.” I assured them.

“So how did you pee your pants?” Hiroshi asked. He had his new uniform on, as well as Kyoko.

“The bathrooms were sealed off by the time we got there.” Marcy replied.

“So why didn’t you go outside? Did you not make it or something?” Hiroshi asked.

“I didn’t know you peed your pants today. Why didn’t you text me Anzu?” Kyoko demanded. “I could have called a friend and covered for you.”

“I-it’s okay.” I told them. The conversation was really starting to get embarrassing. I started rocking back and forth in my diaper without realizing it, with my hands in the crotch of my skirt.

“Are you okay?” Kyoko asked.

“I’m fine.”

“Just go if you have to.” Marcy insisted.

“I went in my diaper.” Hiroshi told me.

“I really didn’t need to know that Hiroshi.” Kyoko complained, though she knew she had to use hers pretty soon too.

“Do I have to pee with you again.” Marcy demanded.

“I’m fine guys. Let’s just stop talking about this. I don’t have to go yet okay.”

“Then you don’t mind if I tickle you do you.” Marcy crept fourth.

“Wait, I, Marcey, don’t!” I pressed my legs together while her fingers started wiggling her fingers around my tender spots. I scrunched up like a raisin in a giggling frenzy while everyone joined in.

“Not you too!” I shrieked in laughter. I spurt uncontrollably in my diaper trying to fend off three people. “Stop, stop, please! It’s killing me!” They let up in time for me to spill plenty of urine into my padding. I instinctively pinched it off as soon as I got ahold of myself again.

“You almost made me pee myself!” I complained.

“Almost?” Kyoko smirked.

“Oh no, oh no! AHHH!” The tackled me again and showed no mercy. I lied on my side, scrunched in a ball with my knees up to my chest trying to guard myself, exposing my padded tush. They attacked every open spot they could dig their fingers in. A full force torrent of urine ran through my lips and began to drench my diaper underneath. “Stop guys! I’m peeing!” The got up laughing themselves. By that time, I couldn’t even stem the flow anymore. It just collected at the crotch of my undergarment. “Guys!” I whined. “You made me wet myself!”

“Feel better?” Marcy smiled.

“Um, I guess it’s not too bad.” The diaper was so absorbent it soaked up every last drop. My diaper almost felt dry. It must have been made to go all day. “I still won’t forgive you though!” They laughed and stood me up. “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed.” Kyoko giggled.

“Kyoko!” I grumbled. My diaper felt a bit heavier than it was a second ago. “I don’t know about you guys but I don’t get changed until morning.”

“Morning? I have to wait till lunch time tomorrow.” Hiroshi complained.

“I won’t be changed until after school.” Kyoko told me.

“I’ll get changed during lunch hour.” Marcy said. “I think they shower you too.”

“Yeah they do, just to make sure the mushroom doesn’t stick to you somehow.”

“We can’t even shower ourselves anymore?” Hiroshi protested.

“Think of it this way. We have our own personal servants.” Kyoko grinned.

“Yeah, I like the sound of that!” Hiroshi concurred.

“Way to look on the bright side.” Marcy continued.

“I don’t care if they serve me breakfast. I don’t want some stranger to see me naked.” I complained. Marcy felt her bowels talking to her. Hiroshi noticed a twinge in his bladder but decided to wait until later, when he was sitting down in class.

Kyoko felt the need to use the toilet and released in her diaper. Her fluids sprawled out inside and climbed up her crotch to her waist and the back side of her rump. The diaper just absorbed fluids that way and sprawled it out.

“You got quiet all of a sudden.” Marcy commented. Kyoko shrugged it off and headed towards class. “See ya guys.” She waved.

“Buy Kyoko.”

“See ya later.” Hiroshi waved. Marcy left as well and I went back to class. When I walked in, half the class had their uniforms on. Everyone had a paper out, drawing the manikin on the teacher’s desk. We were fifteen minutes into class when I sat down on my wet diaper. It was wet, but it wasn’t anywhere near full. I didn’t even want to think about going number two, or Hiroyoshi at the moment. Things were going to hell.

*009*2013-02-09 01:52

I will continue Posting in this thread until the series is through. I'm just stuck trying to write two different versions of this same story, which I'm seriously starting to regret. Not because it's a lot of work, but because I'm screwing up the story, and I have the crappy rendition in the fiction forum. But, there's no turning back now. If I had just left it alone I could have done so much more with it. Live and learn right? Any way, I just have one more less-than-worthy chapter to do under fiction before I can continue with this thread, then I'll be all caught up in both versions. Honestly, what was I thinking? It felt wrong from the start.

*010*2013-02-12 04:36

Here it is at last, chapter five. You know, I really like the way this is turning out, in both versions. I wouldn't waist your time with the version under fiction though because I'll have a bit of that in the next series, which will be a sequel to this one. Without further ado, enjoy.

Chapter 5

I was in art class drawing the manikin on our paper. It was in one of my favorite poses, the combat stance. He, or she, had one fist pumped out in a strait punch, and his other fist back behind him and held up. He had his left foot forward and his back arced forward a little. His chest was turned slightly to the side so you could see his pecks, if he had any.

I liked to imagine the manikin as a guy, no matter what pose he took. When he had a hand on his hip and his other hand hanging delicately outward, I imagined him as being gay, call me boy crazy. I've never had a boy friend up to that point so I guess that got to my head a little bit sometimes. The only boy I really loved was the one I could never speak to, and at that time, the one I didn't want to speak to. Just the thought of my sweet, dignified Rioyuki Rokou wearing dirty diapers all day was a major turn off for me. I hate it! The whole diaper thing just ruins everything for me! Putting Hiroyoshi in diapers is like throwing a delicious sukiyaki in the toilet. It looks so delicious, but you know in your heart how delicious it will look when it flows into the sewer. I mean, I don't want to eat Hiroyoshi, like in a sexual way or anything if that's what you were thinking. I mean, what do you take me for, some kind of slut? Get your head out of the gutter.

Anyway, so I was drawing my manikin in class when I noticed a boy in class looking pretty fidgety. He was two desks up and a desk over. He had dark hair and dark eyes, and a pretty thin body. I figured he was probably just anxious to get out of class, or uncomfortable in the diaper. As the class progressed his antsy pantsy movements increased. He started bobbing his legs up and down. I bet if he could cross his legs, he would, but he couldn't because he was a boy. It was obvious at this point that he had to pee, so why didn't anyone say anything? Why was everyone honing in on me when I had to go? Was I really that obvious? Was I as obvious and adorable as that boy was squirming in his chair?

I know how embarrassing it is to have to use diapers for the first time, but he sure was self conscious for a boy. Come to think of it, he didn't have his uniform yet. Oh! I see how it was. He couldn't go until he got his diaper. Come to think of it, His name sounded pretty far down the alphabet. I think it was something like Rioyuki, or Rioyasha, Sauske, not Sauske. Let's see, it was... Rio-Riona-Riofu-Ri-Riyuki, no I'm thinking of Hiroyoshi. Um, OH! I remember. It was Ryosuke. Dang, that is pretty far down the list, no, it was literally at the bottom of the Japanese alphabet.

For the time being he was stuck in a rut because those government officials sealed off all the toilets with that stupid plastic. He had to just wait. He'd probably use the bucket as soon as he was called up. He just had to manage until then. Then again, they did provide port-a-potties, unless they took them back all ready. By the end of the class period Ryosuke had his legs pressed tightly against each other, unable to concentrate on anything. As soon as the bell rang for lunch time, he shot up out of his seat to find a bathroom. He went down to the toilets to find a line in front of that plastic tunnel, and to see people coming out with uniforms. Then it occurred to him that the toilets were sealed off. He bobbed frantically in place just anxious to relieve himself. Who knew when they'ed get to the R letter names.

All he knew is that they were around the m letter names, which was pretty close to his name so it couldn't be too much longer. However, there were a lot of m letter names in this particular school, and even more y letter names. It could be quite a while before he could get to use the bucket.

He went outside to get lunch for himself when he saw the port-a-potties being hauled off. He kicked himself for not thinking to use them earlier. He considered going in the bushes somewhere in the school. That's not a bad idea. He thought. He quickly looked around the school for a bush to pee in. There were plenty of trees in the court yard but that was anything but discreet. He looked in narrow areas and behind the school, and all around, but no bushes. He squirt in his boxers and the small amount of fluid dripped slowly down his right leg. "Shit! I have to find somewhere fast!"

I felt my bladder talking to me too. Having gone once, I felt more comfortable using the diaper again, but how much could it hold before I needed to change it? Supposedly the diaper would go all day, but for some reason I didn't have full confidence. I sure didn't want it to leak into my air-tight shorts. Hiroshi and Kyoko was there with me at the usual spot under the tree. We ate in the court yard outside by the fine arts building. I was daring enough to release my urine a second time in my diaper. We usually stood up to eat our food so if worse came to worse the pee would just trickle into my shorts and nothing would really get wet, except my skin of course. I peed very slowly and carefully to see how much it would hold. I let out one spurt at a time as I gave my diaper time to absorb it.

The padding of the diaper went all the way up to the waist band in the back and front, leaving only an inch and a half of waist strap that almost reached my belly button. Pretty much everything else was padding. I thought if I lied down My diaper would most likely hold a lot more urine, or if I laid on my front, but that would be an experiment for when I got home. Chances are, because of the shorts, the pee would climb up the front and back of my diaper long before it leaked into the shorts. Come to think of it, the diaper did feel pretty darn tight around the legs and hips. It was probably made to allow pee to build up within the diaper itself. I couldn't believe how quickly I got used to wearing diapers. I decided to let my pee flow full force. So far so good. It didn't leak or anything. I certainly felt it climb up around my waist. I literally felt my diaper filling up like a cup. It felt more like a fish bowel filling up than an absorbent garment. It was very warm and wet.

"You're awfully quiet all of a sudden." Kyoko didn't hold back.

"Yeah Anzu, what's up?" Hiroshi added.

"N-nothing." I pinched off the flow. My diaper felt a lot warmer and heavier now. I felt the urine absorb into the padding within seconds after I stopped.

"Did you pee yourself again?" Hiroshi teased.

"As if you haven't gone yet!" I protested. "Why dose everyone pick on me?! We're all on the same boat here!"

"It's more fun when you do it! You're so self conscious." Hiroshi ruffled my hair.

"Shut up Hiroshi!"

"You're just so cute when your embarrassed." Kyoko pinched my cheek.

"Stop that! You're as bad as my grandma!"

"Hey Anzu! Check out that dude over there!" Hiroshi pointed to a male student in his old school uniform with his legs crossed and his hands grabbing his crotch. He was so cute standing there doing the pee pee dance. I saw his cheeks turn a little red when he flinched. He stamped his feet on the ground and groaned uncontrollably. "He's really on edge and he doesn't even have his uniform yet!" Hiroshi continueded.

"If you think you feel bad, your not the first one to wet yourself today. Those ass wholes blocked off more toilets today then they substituted with port-a-potties. Have you seen those lines? It's as bad as the line-up for the fricken bathrooms at Disney land." We watched the boy struggle by himself in a discrete area just waiting for his name to be called. Riona-Riako-Ri-Riosuke! Yeah, that's what it was, Riosuke. I keep forgetting. "Moto Katana, Yaci Kiyoshi, Yua Kosuke, Yui Maemi, Report to c-126, Moto Katana, Yaci Kiyoshi, Yua Kosuke, Yui Maemi, Report to c-126" The intercom announced.

Shit, they barely started the Y letter names! Riosuke thought to himself.

"Well guys, what do ya say we help the poor guy out?" Hiroshi suggested with his usual confidence.

"What can we do?" I asked.

"We could help take his mind off of it or encourage him or something."

"I guess." Kyoko decided.

"Sure, why not." I agreed. We went over to say hi to him while he was hunched over with his hands in his crotch. "G-get out of here!" He demanded.

"Chill man, we're here for ya!"

"Just get lost!"

"Just relax man. We were sitting over there when we noticed you having some problems so I thought we'd just talk and help you get your mind off of it."

"Fuck off!"

"Hiroshi, he really doesn't want to talk." Kyoko whispered in Hiroshi's ear. The boy's breath quivered. The pressure in his bladder began to slowly pry away his grip until he spurt in his pants. There was a small wet spot on the front, unnoticeable amongst black material but wet just the same. His cheeks burned bright red. "Holly shit guys, I'm going to pee myself in a second!"

"It's okay! You can make it." I tried with a soft voice. He was just so cuuute!

"Shut up!" He barked at me.

"Well you're name should be called up any second now. There getting towards the bottom of the list." Hiroshi reassured him. I watched the whole show, I mean predicament. I couldn't get over how adorable he was. He was average size and build with his dark hair and dark eyes. He would have been so much cuter with freckles, unlike me, who looks ugly with my fat, cheeky freckles. "What's your name anyway?" Hiroshi asked.

"Riosuke." He replied grimly.

"See man, you're almost there!" He felt two longer, spazmic spurts escape his grip and make a warm, wet, soggy spot now as big as his palm, with a small wet streak down his pants. Again, you couldn't tell by looking at him, unless the sunlight hit him from the right angle. "Shit, I can't do it! I just can't hold it!" Another slurp of urine licked his legs. "I'm seriously wetting myself as we speak!" His face burned. I couldn't take my eyes off of him.

Kyoko unzipped her backpack and dropped it on the ground, pulling out a water bottle. She dumped the liter of water and tried to hand it to Riosuke. "Here, use this!"

"Gross!" He whined.

"It's either the bottle or your trunks kid." Kyoko sighed.

"I can't even move my hands!" Riosuke had his fist around his junk to literally pinch off the flow directly. It stung but it was the only way to keep from getting any wetter. His breath quivered loudly as he shivered with pane in his bladder and strain in his sphincter. Hiroshi briefly unbuttoned and unzipped his pant for him.

"W-what the hell!?" The boy blinked. It seamed that he lost his grip as now a slow, steady yet wavering stream picked up in his trousers, making his pants shimmer along the legs. He felt the warm, wet fluid dampening his pants and tried to hold it back. He could only resist it, but it had won the battle. Seeing this, Hiroshi made a swift movement to yank his pants down, snatch the bottle from Kyoko, and plant it at the head of his penis, all within the blink of an eye. No one even saw what he did it happened so fast, but the next thing Riosuke witnessed was his penis in brad view releasing a torrent of urine full force into the bottle, striking the edge of the bottle to create a horrendous sound. Riosuke felt personally disgusted with himself. Kyoko and Hiroshi didn't make a scene out of it. I for one felt my nipples hardening. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

"I can't believe this is happening to me!" Riosuke grieved.

"Awe pipe down!" Hiroshi said. "I've peed in bottles lots of times. It's no big deal." The bottle soon ran out of room and Riosuke wasn't able to stem the flow. "Holly shit, I can't stop!"

Hiroshi gripped his penis in one fist and snatched the pee bottle from him with the other, chugging it down within seconds before planting it right back under Riusuke's junk. He unhanded his penis to release the torrent into the emptied bottle and wiped off his mouth with his sleeve. "You need more iron in your body." He told him. Our eyes popped wide open, our pupils dilated, and our jaws dropped.

"Okay!" Kyoko mustered. "That was the weirdest shit I ever saw in my life."

"What-the-fuck!!" The boy said as he continued peeing uncontrollably in the emptied bottle.

"When you've been stranded out at sea for as long as I have, you man up and do what you have to do, even if you sweat off your own pee under the hot sun." He smiled with a twinkle in his tooth.

I knew Hiroshi was insane, but I never thought in a million years that he'd do something like that!

"Hiroshi!" I said. "You're insane!"

"But it worked. A helicopter came and saved me from the ship wreck, and me and my dad were the only survivors. Everyone else, dead in the water." Riosuke was able to regain control after the second liter. "Okay, that's good for now. Thanks man."

"No problem." Hiroshi chugged that helping down too and gave him his pee bottle. "You need greens too." he retorted.

"Stop that!" He barked. "Freak!"

"You're welcome." He noticed his own small urgency hit him and let his pee soak into his diaper. I finished where I started as well. Riosuke decided to take Hiroshi's advice and finish off that last liter. He equipped his junk, pressed it into the bottle, and let it stream into the bottle one more time.

"Riosuke Aoki, report to c133!" The intercom requested as soon as he finished.

*011*2013-02-17 00:59

At long last, Chapter 6. This one is my personal best up to this point so enjoy.

Chapter 6

That was the longest day of school I have ever had in my life, but it was finally over. I wet myself twice up to this point, with the diaper on of coarse, on top of wetting myself in the hallway and soiling myself in front of the toilet, in front of another girl! It was hard to believe but my bowels were acting up again. I think I have to look out for my diet a bit more, especially since I would be wearing diapers twenty four hours at a time. I mean, that can't be good for you, just sitting in there.

I headed towards my bike to head home. Feeling a small twinge in my bladder hit me, I held it in until I got to the bike rack. I couldn't pee while I was walking and if I stopped to pee, it would look really weird. I couldn't wait to get changed and showered tomorrow. It would feel so good to finally be dry and clean. Did I mention that I rode my bike to school? Anyway, when I got to the bike rack, I obeyed my whining bladder and let it empty itself into the padding. I wondered how much pee it could really hold. We were told that they tested it to last for two days. I can't imagine wearing a wet diaper for two days in a row.

Students came down to the bike rack unlocking their bikes and I was standing there like a dope, a sitting duck. It would be so nice to ride my bike with a longer skirt, so I thought.

To my horror I saw my friend Hiroshi walking down the path. I unlocked my bike and mounted it carefully so my long skirt didn't fall one way or the other. My diaper pressed against the small seat. I didn't feel as much of a breeze between my legs as I used to when peddled out of the bike rack. I used to wear just underwear, and the skirt used to be much shorter, you know, in the old days. The front of my skirt flew up from the wind resistance, flashing the whole world with a clear view of my belly button and everything under it. I promptly shoved it back down with one hand while my face lit on fire from embarrassment. This was going to be a miserable ride home, if I even made it off the campus alive.

"See ya Anzu!" Hiroshi waved to me.

"By Hiroshi!"

As I reached my comfortable speed, I heard a weird kind of drag that drastically slowed me down, until my skirt got caught in the gears. The gears yanked my skirt right down, flashing the back of my padded shorts to Hiroshi, and then my wipe out happened in stages. First my bike got jammed and came to a complete stop, throwing me over the handle bars. Next, with my skirt still stuck between my waist and the back chains, my bike completely flipped over on top of me and I fell out of my skirt. I landed flat on the road with my hands out in front of me. It skinned my forearms and knocked the wind out of me. I was on the ground with my bike on top of me. Only the front wheal spun on. My arms were covered in blood, dirt, rocks, and blood blisters. I was lying on my side with my leg twisted out of it's socket from getting stuck in the skirt. My skirt was completely down around my legs still stuck to the chains and my padded butt stuck out to the world.

There were at least twenty students within range who could see me, including Hiroyoshi, to my hearts greatest dread. He had his hand over his mouth laughing in shock. I felt my stomach churn. My thick, puffy pants were in plain view. My whole body shuddered with shock and humiliation as I heard some students in the crowd falling over laughing and others gasping, and some turning their heads away at the sight. Hiroshi rushed over to help me. I couldn't face him. I wanted someone to shoot me.

"Anzu! are you okay?!" He knelt down. I couln't stop whimpering. My leg was in horrible pain and I couldn't move to get comfortable.

"My leg!" I cried. My eyes were beat red and throbbing with tears of pain. "Itai! ITAI!" I groaned through my teeth, meaning "It hurts! It HURTS!" I never usually narrate in my foreign language, but that was a day I'd never forget, and I'll never forget that painful experience to this day, but it was also a moving experience for me.

Hiroshi looked at my leg. My knee bone poked out through my skin and my leg was bent awkwardly. "All right, hold still!" He told me. The next thing I knew he was torquing my leg like crazy. I let out a deep, sharp gasp as I felt a brief shot of excruciating pain, followed by a sudden flood of instant relief and relaxation in my dislocated knee as it snapped audibly in place. "There! That's better!" He chirped with his bright, ecstatic smile. You could see his missing tooth whenever he talked. He flipped his orange, messy hair away from his glistening red eyes and slowly helped me up. "That was a sick wipe out dude!" He praised as he stood me up on my feet. My shirt fell over the diapered shorts enough to pass off as a gown while Hiroshi worked my chains to get my skirt back. I leaned on him for support since my leg still ached. The skirt was covered in thick streaks of black oil from the bike and it was a bit tattered, but he slid it up over my fluffy tush and stood my bike up.

My body was shaken and I could barely stand, let alone walk.

"You think you can walk down to my place? I can fix up your bike there." He offered.

"I, um!" I hesitated. If I so much as lifted my right leg I'd fall over. I put all my weight on one foot and balanced myself off of Hiroshi's shoulder. Suddenly he hoisted me off my feet and cradled me in one arm. He carried both our back packs on his shoulder and my bike in his other arm, as if it couldn't just be dragged home. "I'll carry ya!" He said effortlessly. I couldn't believe how lean he was. He surprised me every day.

I had my slim arms around his shoulders to keep from falling off of him. The tension in his neck was unheard of. With me on one side and two rock-hard backpacks on the other it was no wonder, and he carried my bike home, I mean, to his house. It was a small, humble home with roughed up edges here and there. My bowels twinged a bit more as he carried me to his front door. Amazingly, he was able to pull his keys out with the bike in his arm and unlock the door. He carried me inside and laid me on his couch. "Hi Mom! Hi Dad!" Hiroshi greeted. His folks were in some other room in the small house when they came out to say hello.

"What did I say about picking up hookers!" His father mused.

"Her bike broke down." Hiroshi told him.

"You gatta dope e'm first!" The old man laughed in his rustic voice.

"Akido!" His mom stood behind him with a rolling pin in her hand ready to hit him.

"I'm just saying, if your going to pick them up you atta..." She thumped the rolling pin over his head. Hiroshi had a fun, colorful family. I always enjoyed coming over to his house.

"I through my leg out and he put it back in place and carried me and my stuff all the way here. I fell off my bike before I even left the campus."

"How the hell do you dislocate your leg from falling off your bike?!" Hiroshi's father Akido asked. "It's because you have no bones or meat!" He finished. "Look at this. What is this, some, skin and a little cartilage?" He dangled my skimpy arms with his thick, callused, oil stained fingers as I giggled.

"Oh stop Akido!" His mother rolled her eyes at him. She was chubby and jolly with red eyes and hair. It was obvious where Hiroshi got his looks. His orange hair came from a blend of his fathers blonde hair and his mothers red hair. Why his eyes didn't go purple like mine, I didn't know. His father's eyes were crystal blue.

"I'll be in the garage if anybody needs me." Hiroshi said as he headed out front.

"You want a snack?" The mother offered.

"Watch out for Arine's cooking!" Akido retorted.

"Akido!" She glared at him as he laughed.

"She's a good cook." Akido assured me.

"Thank you." I bowed. I wondered if I should wait till tomorrow to go number two and just hold it until then, or just go right now so I don't raise any suspicion again?

I had to use the toilet, for number two, but I didn't want to go in there house. Fortunately they arranged for me to get a ride after Arine cooked me something. She always insisted on cooking me something whenever I was over here. She gave me the phone to call home and let mom know I was here with them. I told them the bike story, well, maybe not the whole story.

"Goodness! Are you okay sweetie?" My mom worried.

"I'm fine Mom, really. Hiroshi and his family is taking good care of me!"

"Oh I don't doubt that! They're wonderful people! You'd better thank those people before you leave."

"I will Mom!" I tried not to huff. Mom always got on my case about manners, as if I don't know better.

"Well okay. Can I get Harue san on the phone?"

"Sure." I handed the phone to Akido.

"Don't you worry you're pretty little face!" He assured my Mom. Arine shot him a look. "You're daughter here is a perfect angel, and she's a pleasure to have around!"

"Well I'm glad. I'll pick her up for dinner."

"Nah don't worry about it. Well take her home. After all, we do have a pick-up truck for her bike." My stomach started to hurt. Some times I forget why we even wear diapers. Every time I think about it, I think about the genetically engineered mushroom that was supposed to turn human poop into meat, but it infected people and animals. It infected the live stock and it was now infecting the world. It's all because some idiot wanted to eat poop and call it food. I'd gone all day with a diaper on and I almost forgot what that was all about. That stupid mushroom cultivates within us and now we have to wear air tight diapers because of it. For all I know, I could be infected with it right now, right before I had my first air tight diaper put on. I guess I'll know when I start to pass hamburgers into my diaper.

"Anzu, are you all right?" His mother Arine asked.

"Uh, yeah." She gave me a look of minor concern.

"What's on your mind?"

"It's just this whole thing. I can't seem to get over it." I whispered. "Now everyone I know and love is throwing away there dignity and I can't stand it!"

She nodded. "Yeah. People have really made a mess of things haven't they? Who would have thought such a harmless experiment could have lead to such turmoil? Live and learn huh?"

"Yeah, and now we're back in diapers because of it."

"The Russians aren't wearing diapers, nor are the Americans or the Africans. They're just spraying the hell out of everything. Only in Japan would someone think to try to contain an infection by sealing it off and throwing it in the trash. Honestly, they'd have more problems trying to contain the fungus in the trash then in the toilet. I mean, do you know where trash even goes? And how dose it get there? Have you ever wondered how the government actually handles the fungus?"

I'll tell ya, if there's anyone who could get you thinking it was Hiroshi's mom. How does the government handle the fungus? Even if they stopped it from spreading in cities and towns, how exactly were they going to put it to extinction when there's so many hiding places for them, like in other countries where thy don't try to put it to extinction? Speak of the devil, the news was on there tv. It was a news cast about the genius behind it all, the inventer of the mushroom himself, Mitsuyuki Ikeda.

"If I had the slightest clue it would come to this I wouldn't have even touched the stuff." Ikeda said on the news interview. "It doesn't even make sense. It's just a tropical mushroom. It shouldn't have had such a drastic effect on people. We get athletes foot all the time and nobody ever dies from it! I honestly don't understand it!" The news turned over to a biologist of the Yakamoto University of Japan.

"Bringing a tropical plant into a non tropical environment always leads to disaster, if that tropical plant survives the foreign conditions, because tropical plants evolve in a highly competitive ecosystem. Ikeda used a tropical plant known as the red-thorned gold mushroom. If you take a highly competitive plant from a highly competitive neighborhood, that plant becomes a bully to the calmer plants in the cooler weather, and spreads drastically. It's not the first time a tropical plant was brought into non tropical areas. Not only dose the mushroom emit spores and cultivate on diverse land, it has devastating effects on the anal area of the human body when it develops in the mold stage.

As id cultivates in the human digestive track, it cultivates along the side of the large intestines and feeds off of human tissue. Symptoms of infection include cramps, excessive bleeding from the anus, and nausea. Further stages of the infection include diarrhea shaking of the body, high fevers, hallucinations, aggression, and a long list of other symptoms. This is due to a toxin from the red-thorned gold mushroom getting into the blood stream." I watched in horror seeing the footage of what victims looked like. They're faces were pale white. They looked horribly sick.

"Japanese officials are taking action to revoke Mitsuyuki Ikeda of his license and charge him drastically." I turned the tv off right there. I couldn't stand to watch any more news. I got up slowly to go outside and check up on Hrioshi. I limped outside with my sore knee and carefully sat down on the ground with my leg sticking out. I couldn't bend it properly without it hurting.

Hiroshi was covered in oil stains and surrounded by tools, and his tool box. He wore his sleeveless, white shirt and baggy jeans. I didn't know he changed out of his uniform. "Hi Hrioshi."

"Whats up." He perked.

"I just came out to watch."

"That's cool with me." My bike was up-side-down, resting on the seat and the handle bars. There were nuts, bolts and parts all over the place. He even took my handle bars off for lord knows what reason. I saw his bulking arms torquing on bolts and parts as I watched him work up a sweat. He spun my back wheels around to hear it ticking, for mechanical purposes I suppose.

"How badly did I bust this thing?" I asked.

"Ah well, you didn't exactly bust it in one wipe out. You've been wearing this thing down for a long time it looks like. Do you ever have problems with your bike stopping or slowing down all of a sudden?"

"Yeah. How did you know that?"

"Your breaks keep getting stuck under the wheel, so I just adjusted it to be a little closer to the tire. I'll just be oiling the cables for you while I'm at it so your breaks and gear shift will work more smoothly." He spun the back wheel manually and let it tick. I watched him work his magic. How could he be so awesome? "So you can fix bones and bikes. Who knew?"

"Ha! True." He replied.

"Where do you learn all this stuff?"

"My dad taught me everything I know. He taught me to use all kinds of guns, he taught me to fix bikes, fix bones, survive. He's basically making a solder out of me. My dad was in the military for a short time, then he wanted to be a mechanic. So he's your classic handy man. He fixes everything. He used to take me camping a lot too, so I learned a lot about starting a fire with plain old sticks and hunting. He even taught me to hunt with a bow. Then he taught me how to make a bow out of stuff we found in the forest. One day he took me out in the middle of the woods for a week to teach me how to survive out right."

"That's amazing." I said.

"So if there was ever a zombie apocalypse I could fight them off, run in the forest and live happily ever after off of squirrels." I giggled. My bowels sent another surge of pain in my spine. The pressure built up in my bowels. I decided it was time to just let go.

"Anzu, the stir fry's ready!" Arine called. Drat! I tried to get myself up to eat with them. Hiroshi helped me up and carried me over to the dinner table.

"I can walk." I told him.

"Nah, you better just take care of that leg of yours."

Food was the last thing I needed right now. I saw Hiroshi's missing tooth when he opened his mouth to take a bite and wondered. How does he chew?

"Hiroshi." I asked. "What happened to your tooth anyway?"

"I didn't tell you that story!?" His red eyes beamed up at me. "Well shoot. How could I not have told you the bear story!"

"The bear story? What happened?"

"I tamed a wild bear with my two bare hands!" He smirked. My eyes just about popped out of my head.

"You tamed a wild bear!?"

"He's messing with ya!" Akido said. Of coarse he was! How could I be so stupid? He was pretty tough all right but who on earth could fight off a bear!?

"Yeah I lied." He affirmed. "It was a dragon." I laughed. Hiroshi was nuts.

"All right, now tell her the real story!" Arine laughed inwardly.

"I fell out of a tree when I was real little. I landed face first on a pick-nick table."

"Jeez!"

"It knocked out my tooth and cut my lip. I had to get stitches."

"That sounds like it hurt."

"Nah. I didn't feel it. I just got up and walked it off."

"That's not true Hiroshi!" Arine exclaimed.

"You were screeching like a chimpanzee when we found you're four year old body bleeding under the table."

"That's awful!" I felt my heart just scrunch up for this boy.

"I don't remember that!" He said.

"You wouldn't have remembered something like that. The brain puts those kinds of memories in the back of your mind." How old was he when he had to drink his own urine to survive!? "Anything else I should know?" I asked.

"Well, I don't get along well with bronies, I have an IQ of about a hundred and ten or twenty or something, I'm blood type O positive and I hate my math teacher."

"Thanks." I smirked. I did my best to hold still while I ate. The pressure in my bowels was building up as we spoke. I felt myself begin to sweat.

"You okay Anzu?" Hiroshi asked again.

"Y-yeah." I subconsciously pressed my legs together, and my buns.

"You look real tense."

"I-I'm okay. Really."

"Did I over cook it?" Arine asked.

"No, it's delicious! Thank you!" People were getting more and more suspicious by the minute. I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep up this act. I grew more and more nervous by the minute until I started shifting in my seat, as if to get comfortable.

"Just go in your diaper all ready girl!" Akido blurted out. Hiroshi started laughing in his throat.

"Akido!" Arine scolded. "Lesson number one Akido! Lesson number one!"

"Not you too!" I protested. "Hiroshi, you didn't teach them that did you?"

"Don't look at me!" He smirked. He was obviously lying.

"Some friend you are!" I pouted. He just laughed. "You're so mean!" With my bowels nagging more then ever, I gave in. "Pleas excuse me." I got up and limped to find somewhere private to take care of my business.

"She's so shy, the poor dear!" Arine whispered. I went in his back yard to be horrifically reminded of the current state of things. There was a large, plastic, fold up chamber attached to a long tube that stretched out over everyone else's back yards, connected to everyone else's weird, plastic chamber thing they suddenly had in their back yards. I looked up in the sky and noticed a giant blimp connected to a large tube that connected it to the ground. I found out later they were pumping clean air from the sky into those showers and changing chambers. It was amazing how much money the government was spending on measures that probably wouldn't even work. I went back inside to eat my food.

I hesitated with my heavy bowels waiting patiently for me. I sat in my chair at the dinner table as my padded diaper maned it's station. I felt my legs quivering at what I was about to do. I just wasn't ready for it, even though I really, really, REALLY needed it. Another sharp pain rose up my spine. I bent over and gripped my stomach, then I sat right back up! I tapped my feet in place nervously.

"Are you all right there?" Hiroshi asked. Oh great. I was all ready raising suspicion!

"Y-yeah. I'm okay." I just let it go. This wouldn't be the first time I pooped myself today, but the first time in my life I ever pooped my pants on purpose, and at the dinner table of all places. I felt that rancid tooth past slithering through, building up behind me and groping me. It felt warm and sticky. The back of my diaper bulked outward and started to sag more than ever. Nothing was visible under my skirt. A chill rand down my spine as I loaded my diaper with that horrible mud. It was so nasty I wanted to cry! I didn't even want to know how many snakes there were in my bowels. I wasn't hungry anymore. I just wanted it to be over as soon as possible.

I forced the load through one snake at a time as they all morphed with the pie in my pants. The bulk in my diaper became very noticeable if I lifted my skirt. I felt my freckled face heat up. When I finally finished soiling myself, again, I tried to resume eating. My knee still felt sore from earlier and my arms were now scabby. I figured I might as well pee too while I was at it. I let a small stream pick up. It lasted for about five seconds and trickled to a stop. My diaper was officially full. I had actually filled my diaper, and I still had like, twelve hours to go. I didn't think a diaper could get more full then this, but I would soon find, it could get much more full.

The family loaded my bike into the back of there truck and Hiroshi carried me into the passenger seat.

"Um, Hiroshi. Thank you." I bowed. "For everything."

"Hey, don't mention it. What are friends for?" He gave me a thumbs up.

"I can think of three things they're not good for." I retorted.

"You're welcome!" He smiled. "See ya later."

"By Hiroshi." That was that, and Akido drove me off. Talk about a long day. I couldn't wait to get home and just collapse on my bed. I only wish I could get changed though. Akido carried me to the front door and set me down on my good leg, letting me lean on his side. He rang the door bell and Mom came to the door.

"Hi Anzu!" She cheered and gave me a big hug. She was an exact copy of me, or, me of her anyway. She had short, slick, purple hair, freckles on her puffy cheeks, the whole package. She had t-cup breasts and an extremely thin body. She was short and very shapely. Her cheeks glowed with cheer. "Thanks for taking my precious daughter home Harue san."

"Mom! You're embarrassing me again!"

"It's my pleasure Kohaku san! You have a good night." We had Korokke for dinner tonight, one of my favorites. Unfortunately, I wasn't in the mood for anything right now. I had to sit in the mess I made all night. I had to sleep in my own toilet.

"So what happened at school today?" My mother asked.

"Oh, uh. I just, fell off my bike."

"How did that happen?"

"Well, the new uniform got stuck in the gears and, well." I lifted my skirt above the table so she could see the stained, shredded portion of it that got caught in the chains.

"Uh oh! We'll have to buy you another one ASAP! So did you hurt you're leg too?"

"Y-yeah."

"I thought I saw you limping in here. Did you hurt your leg too?"

"Yeah. But, Hiroshi fixed it for me."

"Fixed what, your leg? Was it broken?"

"Well no, but I dislocated it."

"How did you do that?" I didn't want to tell her the embarrassing part of my story when I had to take my skirt off to get it free. "The bike landed on top of me." I told her.

"Jeez! Were you going full speed or what?"

"Yeah. Hiroshi had to carry me to his house so he could fix my bike."

"He carried you all the way to his house and fixed your bike for you? Did he have to carry your bike too."

"And my back pack."

"So he was carrying two back packs, a bike, and a girl!"

"He's really very strong. He carried me with one arm without even trying."

"Wow! He must really like you!"

"W-we're just good friends."

"Careful now! You might break his heart."

"It's fine Mom. He knows I like Hiroyoshi." I wish I would have shut my stupid mouth! My mother wens so gaga over the idea of me having a boy friend.

"You have a crush!?" Here it comes, the ultimate bomb of hugs and kisses. "Oh! Who's the lucky man?" She purred.

"N-no one!" I lied.

"Oh common Anzu! I remember when I fell in love for the first time. It was a cute boy who use to play the piano. I was a sucker- for boys who played the piano. I was just about your age when I asked him out. I was afraid he'd reject me. Surprisingly, he was happy that I asked him, because all the other girls thought the same exact thing." The muck smeared around in my diaper while I tried to shift to get comfortable. I couldn't get comfortable. It was so gross.

"They all thought that he was WAY out of there liege, and none of them ever asked them out! He was actually pretty lonely for a time. He didn't have any friends because they were shy around him. I was shy around him. He was amazing at the piano. He made you wet yourself just to be near him when he played." That's one thing I loved about Hiroyoshi. He played the piano like no bodies business. His fingers would run so gracefully, so effortlessly across the keys, as if it were second nature to him. When he played, his face changed. He would go into a zone. I would see his face change based on the mood of the melody. I could see the reflection of the piano keys in his eyes.

I remembered that day I walked through the school hallway in the fine arts department. It happened to be connected to the cafeteria. I heard a faint sound of music coming from the hall way. I followed the sound, getting lost in the school. It was my first year. As I heard the music getting closer and closer, a approached a door. I opened it very carefully to see who was inside, playing. It was a boy, sitting at the bench. I snuck in and left the door cracked. He didn't seem to notice me. His eyes centered on his hands as they glided over the keys. His fingers hardly moved and somehow they made music come off of that box. I listened intently. It was so beautiful. I stood behind him watching. His eyes seemed somehow off center, like he wasn't even looking at the keys. It seemed as if he merely felt the music flow through his arms. It was a breath taking sight and I got to see it in person.

When he finished playing, I just had to say something. I didn't know what to say, so I stuttered. It startled him as he suddenly sprang up from a strange sleep.

"How long have you been there?" He asked.

"U-um! J-just long enough. I just heard some one playing and I- came in here to see who it was." He nodded. "You're really amazing!" I told him.

"Thanks." He replied.

"Have you considered joining the talent show?"

"You can do that?"

"Are you kidding? They'd want you to. With your music, you could knock everyone dead!"

"I don't know. I'm too nervous."

"Nervous of what, that hundreds of people will be watching you?"

"Try thousands."

"But you won't even notice them! You didn't even notice me walk by you!"

"You walked right by me?" The conversation continued from there. He took my advice later that year and joined the talent show. Ever since then, the girls were all over him, all the popular girls, and the popular boys. He became the most popular boy in school. Every girl wanted him, but they were afraid they were out of his liege. So was I. I didn't even know how to talk to him anymore. What could I possibly say? Ever since then, I'd been in love with him. I couldn't keep my eyes off him, but I couldn't get near him. I was too nervous around him, especially since he attracted a lot of attention.

I went to bed that night thinking. I had forgotten about the poop in my diaper by now, and I thought about asking him out. What would I say? What would he think?

