The Mushroom

Author: Marin

*006*2013-02-01 20:09

For those of you who like this series so far, I'll be posting it under the new "Fiction" tab near the top of the page. If you go there, you can find my story titled "The Mushroom." if you click on the "all stories" tab, also near the top. Leave me a message if you have any trouble finding it, and leave feed back.

Also, I'm changing the story a little bit because I don't really like where this is going. I mean, I like where this is going, but that wasn't my initial intention. If you don't want to read through it again to scope out the changes, basically, instead of the fungus being directly deadly, it infests farm land and lives in the sewer due to people passing it through their bodies. Instead of the diapers being sealed on their buts, they just wear diapers normally under their skirts and pants and change them periodically. Instead of bathrooms being completely sealed off, plumbers take their toilets and disable their showers to keep people from adding any fungus to the sewer system. That's about it. I think I'll make a separate story about someone who has to wear sealed diapers, maybe a few.

If you want though, I'll finish this version of the story within this thread, but only if you ask nicely (in the comments) ;). I get that diapers aren't the main focus of this website so I'm not too surprised that I only got 500 to 600 viewers and no comments at this point, so if you really want me to, leave a comment and I'll finish up this story as it is.

*008*2013-02-04 03:53

Here's for the minority group who tagged along. Thanks for your support. Enjoy.

Chapter Four.

Anzu Kohaku here. I just got changed into a, well, and a cute new uniform. I didn't go in the bucket when I had the chance so I'm stuck in a locked diaper until, well, until they decide to change me I guess. Maybe we just go to get changed when we need to. I don't know. The lady who change me did give me an envelope to look at, so I guess I'll just open that and read it.

Dear Hohaku

Shi,

Due to a dire state of emergency it will be required that every citizen of Takahashi will be required to wear the assigned protective gear at all times.

The primary, underlying layer of protection will be replaced by a certified professional starting 5:30AM. The professional will also be responsible for some personal hygiene for ensured medical and personal health until 5:45AM. There will be a changing chamber stationed on your property until the emergency situation subsides. Thank you for your cooperation.

State of

Takahashi, Japan.

I don't like the sound of that. The professional will be responsible for some personal hygiene? What dose that mean, that I can't wash myself anymore either?!

Hiroyoshi caught up to me with his new uniform. It through my mind for a whirlwind of mixed feeling. His uniform was perfect. The curvature of the cloak around his waist, the shine in his new shoes, the bagginess of his slick, black pants, the simplicity of it all! And underneath it all...

"Hey!

You look great in that uniform! It brings out the tender loving creature in you!" He smiled. My heart wanted to explode out of me. I felt my face burn up, steaming, creating enough smoke to set off the fire alarms, but I couldn't get my eyes away from his crotch. I couldn't believe this gorgeous hunk had a diaper down there! A diaper! That word rang in my head as I tried to maintain eye contact. "These diapers are really weird feeling huh. What has this world come..."

"By Hirohi, I mean, Rokou san! I'll see ya around. Sorry I have to go so soon but I'm late for class." I laughed nervously. His shapely friend from earlier approached him with her new uniform while Hiroyoshi face-palmed.

"Lesson number one in insecure and naive girls, never state the obvious!"

I arrived at my class door with a tear drop near my eye, but I shook it off. I was crying

WAY too much today. It's been a long day. To my reassuring horror, I was the first to enter my class room with a new uniform. Strangely, the girls were crawling all over me, hugging and cuddling me. "You look so cute in that

Anzu chan!"

"It's even better then I imagined."

"Are you really wearing a diaper under all that!?" I had three girls tackling me over my new uniform. One girl lifted my skirt and peaked shamelessly to find the bulging, light blue shorts underneath. "She is!! Oh my God! look!"

"Don't look up my skirt you perverts!" I did a dramatic uppercut on the three of them to get them off. They were lying on the ground rubbing their backs and noses and other sore areas. "Geez!"

"Are you really wearing a diaper under that uniform?" A boy asked.

"Shut up Noboru!" Someone said in my defense. "Don't you remember lesson number one in insecure and naive girls?"

"Who are you calling naive and insecure!" I protested. I felt my blood vessel about to pop in my four head.

“I can’t tell you.” Noboru spouted off. “I’d be stating the obvious.” The girls next to him smacked him in the back of the head.

“Just ignore him Anzu.” Marcy told me. “That outfit looks great on you.”

“T-thanks.”

She leaned in closer to me. “So how is it?” Marcy whispered.

I hesitated, not to mention I still had to pee. “I-it feels weird.” I told her. She nodded.

“Still, I can’t wait to try it on. It looks so cute!” The shirt was a turtle neck with a white ribbon collar and white ribbon wrists. It was practically a dress. It looked kind of big on me but maybe that was just the design. I caught her undressing me with her eyes and covered my crotch.

“Go ahead and have a seat and I’ll finish up the lesson on world war two.” I took my seat with my legs bent slightly inward. It felt like sitting on a cushy pillow. It was so soft and warm I didn’t want to use it just yet. It was irritating though, sitting there holding it, again. Why did I have to drink so much that morning? It wasn’t just morning though. It drank a lot from the fountains between periods. I’d been real thirsty lately. Just thinking about it made it harder not to think about it.

“You know, if you have to go” The student next to me whispered. “you can just, you know.”

Damn it, I couldn’t hide anything no matter how hard I tried. Everyone else probably knew too. Everyone would know what I was doing if I suddenly just went because I’d stop squirming.

You’re so obvious it’s embarrassing! I remembered Hiroshi say.

Lesson one on insecure and naïve girls, never state the obvious.

Was I really that obvious? If that was the case, I would definitely be obvious if I waited much longer.

“Just go all ready! You’re driving me nuts.” Noboru told me. How could I go now?! Everyone would know for sure! Why oh why didn’t I just go in that stupid bucket!? What if I make a noise when I pee?! I decided if I waited much longer I’d definitely make noise and attract attention. I tried to let out a little, but my sphincter didn’t listen to me, instead spazing out before it sealed me off. I couldn’t even let go. It was getting bad. I tried pushing it but my parts wouldn’t listen to me, like they had a mind of their own. I tried relaxing, but the pressure in my bladder drove me nuts. I spread my legs out a bit. It seemed to help a little, but still no results. Just when it was about to come out… “Are you peeing yet?” Noboru inturupted. I immediately pinched it off. “Stupid

Noboru!” I told him.

“Anzu, pay attention!” The substitute teacher demanded. I grieved. Even this teacher blamed me for everything. At the end of the hour, I still couldn’t relieve myself.

It felt too weird. I decided to go outside and stand next to the wall where it was secluded, but there was another girl there in her uniform trying to do the same thing. We both blushed and I walked off.

The last class of the day for me was art class. It was my favorite class of the day. I always loved drawing. This is embarrassing, but I mostly just drew naked guys. Sometimes I drew Hiroyoshi naked. Okay, I drew him naked a lot. I’ve never told anyone about it before, but it saves me the trouble of having to delete my history on the web browser, and I can draw whatever I want. That’s the nice thing about being able to draw. You can draw your own fantasies. Don’t take me for some kind of pervert because I’m not. I just have hormones.

Class began and I took my seat. I was one of only five people in there who wore their new uniforms. Three of them were guys. Only one other student was a girl. She was tall and lanky with orange hair that fell to her neck. She was the skater type.

Everyone stared at me on my way in. Why was everyone staring at me? I wasn’t the only one with the new uniform.

“That looks really cute on you!” The girl next to me chuckled. “I can’t wait to get mine.”

I didn’t understand it. What made me so special? Why id everyone compliment me. I saw someone taking a picture of me with their cell phone. My head plunked down on the desk. My urge to pee reminded me again of what I needed to do. I could go on forever about how I should have used that damn bucket, and I would regret that decision for the rest of my experience. I decided to just hold it until the class was over. Hopefully by then my privates would cooperate. I sat in class trying to concentrate on the lesson. I don’t think I learned much of anything that day. I did everything in my power just to hold still. The diaper and the shorts hugged my waist tight. I just couldn’t use it. Five minutes went by and I caught myself shifting uncomfortably. I hoped to dear God nobody noticed. I tried again to just release.

“You look awfully uncomfortable there Anzu.” The teacher said.

“Sensei!

Lesson number one!” A student told him.

“Sorry!”

“I’m not insecure.” I protested.

“Then why don’t you just go already?” Another student said.

“I already peed my pants.” The tall girl said. Great! within the first five minutes of class everyone was riding my ass about using the toilet. “I’ll be in the hallway if anyone needs me.” I said, and I stepped outside.

“You don’t have to step outside if you need to use the toilet. You just go.”

“Just leave me alone.” The door closed behind me. “Some students will take some time to get use to this so be patient with them, be supportive, be a friend. Don’t bring it up if they have trouble with their situation. Don’t go around telling everybody else how many times you peed in your diapers already or how full it gets. Just keep it to yourself. If you’ve read your notes already then you know you won’t be taking those belted shorts off very often. Just remember lesson number one when you’re dealing with an Anzu.” The class chuckled. I heard the whole thing, and I stormed off in the hall way to sit somewhere by myself. With the security of seclusion, I lifted my skirt to take a look at my shorts. They were round and plush. I felt the fat material on the front and tried again to let go in my pants.

“Anzu?”

“EEP!!” I through my skirt down and shoved my hands between my legs, once again interrupting the flow of urine. Once again my blood boiled over under my plump, freckled cheeks. It was Marcy. She was coming down the hallway with her new uniform.

“What’s wrong Anzu? You look sooooo cute!” She came over and squeezed my thin, flat body in her big, round breasts.

“Why does everyone go all gobbly goopy over me?!”

“Because you’re so cute!” She smiled, like I was her kitten. It didn’t make the pee situation any better for me. I had my legs crossed without realizing it. And worse, I had my legs up, leaving my padded shorts open for the world to see.

“Leve my friend alone!” Kyoko stepped in to my rescue and pried Marcy off of me, accompanied by Hiroshi.

“It’s okay guys.” Marcy assured them. “I was just saying hi to my new friend.”

“She walked me down to the bathroom today.” I assured them.

“So how did you pee your pants?” Hiroshi asked. He had his new uniform on, as well as Kyoko.

“The bathrooms were sealed off by the time we got there.” Marcy replied.

“So why didn’t you go outside? Did you not make it or something?” Hiroshi asked.

“I didn’t know you peed your pants today. Why didn’t you text me Anzu?” Kyoko demanded. “I could have called a friend and covered for you.”

“I-it’s okay.” I told them. The conversation was really starting to get embarrassing. I started rocking back and forth in my diaper without realizing it, with my hands in the crotch of my skirt.

“Are you okay?” Kyoko asked.

“I’m fine.”

“Just go if you have to.” Marcy insisted.

“I went in my diaper.” Hiroshi told me.

“I really didn’t need to know that Hiroshi.” Kyoko complained, though she knew she had to use hers pretty soon too.

“Do I have to pee with you again.” Marcy demanded.

“I’m fine guys. Let’s just stop talking about this. I don’t have to go yet okay.”

“Then you don’t mind if I tickle you do you.” Marcy crept fourth.

“Wait, I, Marcey, don’t!” I pressed my legs together while her fingers started wiggling her fingers around my tender spots. I scrunched up like a raisin in a giggling frenzy while everyone joined in.

“Not you too!” I shrieked in laughter. I spurt uncontrollably in my diaper trying to fend off three people. “Stop, stop, please! It’s killing me!” They let up in time for me to spill plenty of urine into my padding. I instinctively pinched it off as soon as I got ahold of myself again.

“You almost made me pee myself!” I complained.

“Almost?” Kyoko smirked.

“Oh no, oh no! AHHH!” The tackled me again and showed no mercy. I lied on my side, scrunched in a ball with my knees up to my chest trying to guard myself, exposing my padded tush. They attacked every open spot they could dig their fingers in. A full force torrent of urine ran through my lips and began to drench my diaper underneath. “Stop guys! I’m peeing!” The got up laughing themselves. By that time, I couldn’t even stem the flow anymore. It just collected at the crotch of my undergarment. “Guys!” I whined. “You made me wet myself!”

“Feel better?” Marcy smiled.

“Um, I guess it’s not too bad.” The diaper was so absorbent it soaked up every last drop. My diaper almost felt dry. It must have been made to go all day. “I still won’t forgive you though!” They laughed and stood me up. “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed.” Kyoko giggled.

“Kyoko!” I grumbled. My diaper felt a bit heavier than it was a second ago. “I don’t know about you guys but I don’t get changed until morning.”

“Morning? I have to wait till lunch time tomorrow.” Hiroshi complained.

“I won’t be changed until after school.” Kyoko told me.

“I’ll get changed during lunch hour.” Marcy said. “I think they shower you too.”

“Yeah they do, just to make sure the mushroom doesn’t stick to you somehow.”

“We can’t even shower ourselves anymore?” Hiroshi protested.

“Think of it this way. We have our own personal servants.” Kyoko grinned.

“Yeah, I like the sound of that!” Hiroshi concurred.

“Way to look on the bright side.” Marcy continued.

“I don’t care if they serve me breakfast. I don’t want some stranger to see me naked.” I complained. Marcy felt her bowels talking to her. Hiroshi noticed a twinge in his bladder but decided to wait until later, when he was sitting down in class.

Kyoko felt the need to use the toilet and released in her diaper. Her fluids sprawled out inside and climbed up her crotch to her waist and the back side of her rump. The diaper just absorbed fluids that way and sprawled it out.

“You got quiet all of a sudden.” Marcy commented. Kyoko shrugged it off and headed towards class. “See ya guys.” She waved.

“Buy Kyoko.”

“See ya later.” Hiroshi waved. Marcy left as well and I went back to class. When I walked in, half the class had their uniforms on. Everyone had a paper out, drawing the manikin on the teacher’s desk. We were fifteen minutes into class when I sat down on my wet diaper. It was wet, but it wasn’t anywhere near full. I didn’t even want to think about going number two, or Hiroyoshi at the moment. Things were going to hell.

*009*2013-02-09 01:52

I will continue Posting in this thread until the series is through. I'm just stuck trying to write two different versions of this same story, which I'm seriously starting to regret. Not because it's a lot of work, but because I'm screwing up the story, and I have the crappy rendition in the fiction forum. But, there's no turning back now. If I had just left it alone I could have done so much more with it. Live and learn right? Any way, I just have one more less-than-worthy chapter to do under fiction before I can continue with this thread, then I'll be all caught up in both versions. Honestly, what was I thinking? It felt wrong from the start.

*010*2013-02-12 04:36

Here it is at last, chapter five. You know, I really like the way this is turning out, in both versions. I wouldn't waist your time with the version under fiction though because I'll have a bit of that in the next series, which will be a sequel to this one. Without further ado, enjoy.

Chapter 5

I was in art class drawing the manikin on our paper. It was in one of my favorite poses, the combat stance. He, or she, had one fist pumped out in a strait punch, and his other fist back behind him and held up. He had his left foot forward and his back arced forward a little. His chest was turned slightly to the side so you could see his pecks, if he had any.

I liked to imagine the manikin as a guy, no matter what pose he took. When he had a hand on his hip and his other hand hanging delicately outward, I imagined him as being gay, call me boy crazy. I've never had a boy friend up to that point so I guess that got to my head a little bit sometimes. The only boy I really loved was the one I could never speak to, and at that time, the one I didn't want to speak to. Just the thought of my sweet, dignified Rioyuki Rokou wearing dirty diapers all day was a major turn off for me. I hate it! The whole diaper thing just ruins everything for me! Putting Hiroyoshi in diapers is like throwing a delicious sukiyaki in the toilet. It looks so delicious, but you know in your heart how delicious it will look when it flows into the sewer. I mean, I don't want to eat Hiroyoshi, like in a sexual way or anything if that's what you were thinking. I mean, what do you take me for, some kind of slut? Get your head out of the gutter.

Anyway, so I was drawing my manikin in class when I noticed a boy in class looking pretty fidgety. He was two desks up and a desk over. He had dark hair and dark eyes, and a pretty thin body. I figured he was probably just anxious to get out of class, or uncomfortable in the diaper. As the class progressed his antsy pantsy movements increased. He started bobbing his legs up and down. I bet if he could cross his legs, he would, but he couldn't because he was a boy. It was obvious at this point that he had to pee, so why didn't anyone say anything? Why was everyone honing in on me when I had to go? Was I really that obvious? Was I as obvious and adorable as that boy was squirming in his chair?

I know how embarrassing it is to have to use diapers for the first time, but he sure was self conscious for a boy. Come to think of it, he didn't have his uniform yet. Oh! I see how it was. He couldn't go until he got his diaper. Come to think of it, His name sounded pretty far down the alphabet. I think it was something like Rioyuki, or Rioyasha, Sauske, not Sauske. Let's see, it was... Rio-Riona-Riofu-Ri-Riyuki, no I'm thinking of Hiroyoshi. Um, OH! I remember. It was Ryosuke. Dang, that is pretty far down the list, no, it was literally at the bottom of the Japanese alphabet.

For the time being he was stuck in a rut because those government officials sealed off all the toilets with that stupid plastic. He had to just wait. He'd probably use the bucket as soon as he was called up. He just had to manage until then. Then again, they did provide port-a-potties, unless they took them back all ready. By the end of the class period Ryosuke had his legs pressed tightly against each other, unable to concentrate on anything. As soon as the bell rang for lunch time, he shot up out of his seat to find a bathroom. He went down to the toilets to find a line in front of that plastic tunnel, and to see people coming out with uniforms. Then it occurred to him that the toilets were sealed off. He bobbed frantically in place just anxious to relieve himself. Who knew when they'ed get to the R letter names.

All he knew is that they were around the m letter names, which was pretty close to his name so it couldn't be too much longer. However, there were a lot of m letter names in this particular school, and even more y letter names. It could be quite a while before he could get to use the bucket.

He went outside to get lunch for himself when he saw the port-a-potties being hauled off. He kicked himself for not thinking to use them earlier. He considered going in the bushes somewhere in the school. That's not a bad idea. He thought. He quickly looked around the school for a bush to pee in. There were plenty of trees in the court yard but that was anything but discreet. He looked in narrow areas and behind the school, and all around, but no bushes. He squirt in his boxers and the small amount of fluid dripped slowly down his right leg. "Shit! I have to find somewhere fast!"

I felt my bladder talking to me too. Having gone once, I felt more comfortable using the diaper again, but how much could it hold before I needed to change it? Supposedly the diaper would go all day, but for some reason I didn't have full confidence. I sure didn't want it to leak into my air-tight shorts. Hiroshi and Kyoko was there with me at the usual spot under the tree. We ate in the court yard outside by the fine arts building. I was daring enough to release my urine a second time in my diaper. We usually stood up to eat our food so if worse came to worse the pee would just trickle into my shorts and nothing would really get wet, except my skin of course. I peed very slowly and carefully to see how much it would hold. I let out one spurt at a time as I gave my diaper time to absorb it.

The padding of the diaper went all the way up to the waist band in the back and front, leaving only an inch and a half of waist strap that almost reached my belly button. Pretty much everything else was padding. I thought if I lied down My diaper would most likely hold a lot more urine, or if I laid on my front, but that would be an experiment for when I got home. Chances are, because of the shorts, the pee would climb up the front and back of my diaper long before it leaked into the shorts. Come to think of it, the diaper did feel pretty darn tight around the legs and hips. It was probably made to allow pee to build up within the diaper itself. I couldn't believe how quickly I got used to wearing diapers. I decided to let my pee flow full force. So far so good. It didn't leak or anything. I certainly felt it climb up around my waist. I literally felt my diaper filling up like a cup. It felt more like a fish bowel filling up than an absorbent garment. It was very warm and wet.

"You're awfully quiet all of a sudden." Kyoko didn't hold back.

"Yeah Anzu, what's up?" Hiroshi added.

"N-nothing." I pinched off the flow. My diaper felt a lot warmer and heavier now. I felt the urine absorb into the padding within seconds after I stopped.

"Did you pee yourself again?" Hiroshi teased.

"As if you haven't gone yet!" I protested. "Why dose everyone pick on me?! We're all on the same boat here!"

"It's more fun when you do it! You're so self conscious." Hiroshi ruffled my hair.

"Shut up Hiroshi!"

"You're just so cute when your embarrassed." Kyoko pinched my cheek.

"Stop that! You're as bad as my grandma!"

"Hey Anzu! Check out that dude over there!" Hiroshi pointed to a male student in his old school uniform with his legs crossed and his hands grabbing his crotch. He was so cute standing there doing the pee pee dance. I saw his cheeks turn a little red when he flinched. He stamped his feet on the ground and groaned uncontrollably. "He's really on edge and he doesn't even have his uniform yet!" Hiroshi continueded.

"If you think you feel bad, your not the first one to wet yourself today. Those ass wholes blocked off more toilets today then they substituted with port-a-potties. Have you seen those lines? It's as bad as the line-up for the fricken bathrooms at Disney land." We watched the boy struggle by himself in a discrete area just waiting for his name to be called. Riona-Riako-Ri-Riosuke! Yeah, that's what it was, Riosuke. I keep forgetting. "Moto Katana, Yaci Kiyoshi, Yua Kosuke, Yui Maemi, Report to c-126, Moto Katana, Yaci Kiyoshi, Yua Kosuke, Yui Maemi, Report to c-126" The intercom announced.

Shit, they barely started the Y letter names! Riosuke thought to himself.

"Well guys, what do ya say we help the poor guy out?" Hiroshi suggested with his usual confidence.

"What can we do?" I asked.

"We could help take his mind off of it or encourage him or something."

"I guess." Kyoko decided.

"Sure, why not." I agreed. We went over to say hi to him while he was hunched over with his hands in his crotch. "G-get out of here!" He demanded.

"Chill man, we're here for ya!"

"Just get lost!"

"Just relax man. We were sitting over there when we noticed you having some problems so I thought we'd just talk and help you get your mind off of it."

"Fuck off!"

"Hiroshi, he really doesn't want to talk." Kyoko whispered in Hiroshi's ear. The boy's breath quivered. The pressure in his bladder began to slowly pry away his grip until he spurt in his pants. There was a small wet spot on the front, unnoticeable amongst black material but wet just the same. His cheeks burned bright red. "Holly shit guys, I'm going to pee myself in a second!"

"It's okay! You can make it." I tried with a soft voice. He was just so cuuute!

"Shut up!" He barked at me.

"Well you're name should be called up any second now. There getting towards the bottom of the list." Hiroshi reassured him. I watched the whole show, I mean predicament. I couldn't get over how adorable he was. He was average size and build with his dark hair and dark eyes. He would have been so much cuter with freckles, unlike me, who looks ugly with my fat, cheeky freckles. "What's your name anyway?" Hiroshi asked.

"Riosuke." He replied grimly.

"See man, you're almost there!" He felt two longer, spazmic spurts escape his grip and make a warm, wet, soggy spot now as big as his palm, with a small wet streak down his pants. Again, you couldn't tell by looking at him, unless the sunlight hit him from the right angle. "Shit, I can't do it! I just can't hold it!" Another slurp of urine licked his legs. "I'm seriously wetting myself as we speak!" His face burned. I couldn't take my eyes off of him.

Kyoko unzipped her backpack and dropped it on the ground, pulling out a water bottle. She dumped the liter of water and tried to hand it to Riosuke. "Here, use this!"

"Gross!" He whined.

"It's either the bottle or your trunks kid." Kyoko sighed.

"I can't even move my hands!" Riosuke had his fist around his junk to literally pinch off the flow directly. It stung but it was the only way to keep from getting any wetter. His breath quivered loudly as he shivered with pane in his bladder and strain in his sphincter. Hiroshi briefly unbuttoned and unzipped his pant for him.

"W-what the hell!?" The boy blinked. It seamed that he lost his grip as now a slow, steady yet wavering stream picked up in his trousers, making his pants shimmer along the legs. He felt the warm, wet fluid dampening his pants and tried to hold it back. He could only resist it, but it had won the battle. Seeing this, Hiroshi made a swift movement to yank his pants down, snatch the bottle from Kyoko, and plant it at the head of his penis, all within the blink of an eye. No one even saw what he did it happened so fast, but the next thing Riosuke witnessed was his penis in brad view releasing a torrent of urine full force into the bottle, striking the edge of the bottle to create a horrendous sound. Riosuke felt personally disgusted with himself. Kyoko and Hiroshi didn't make a scene out of it. I for one felt my nipples hardening. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.

"I can't believe this is happening to me!" Riosuke grieved.

"Awe pipe down!" Hiroshi said. "I've peed in bottles lots of times. It's no big deal." The bottle soon ran out of room and Riosuke wasn't able to stem the flow. "Holly shit, I can't stop!"

Hiroshi gripped his penis in one fist and snatched the pee bottle from him with the other, chugging it down within seconds before planting it right back under Riusuke's junk. He unhanded his penis to release the torrent into the emptied bottle and wiped off his mouth with his sleeve. "You need more iron in your body." He told him. Our eyes popped wide open, our pupils dilated, and our jaws dropped.

"Okay!" Kyoko mustered. "That was the weirdest shit I ever saw in my life."

"What-the-fuck!!" The boy said as he continued peeing uncontrollably in the emptied bottle.

"When you've been stranded out at sea for as long as I have, you man up and do what you have to do, even if you sweat off your own pee under the hot sun." He smiled with a twinkle in his tooth.

I knew Hiroshi was insane, but I never thought in a million years that he'd do something like that!

"Hiroshi!" I said. "You're insane!"

"But it worked. A helicopter came and saved me from the ship wreck, and me and my dad were the only survivors. Everyone else, dead in the water." Riosuke was able to regain control after the second liter. "Okay, that's good for now. Thanks man."

"No problem." Hiroshi chugged that helping down too and gave him his pee bottle. "You need greens too." he retorted.

"Stop that!" He barked. "Freak!"

"You're welcome." He noticed his own small urgency hit him and let his pee soak into his diaper. I finished where I started as well. Riosuke decided to take Hiroshi's advice and finish off that last liter. He equipped his junk, pressed it into the bottle, and let it stream into the bottle one more time.

"Riosuke Aoki, report to c133!" The intercom requested as soon as he finished.

*011*2013-02-17 00:59

At long last, Chapter 6. This one is my personal best up to this point so enjoy.

Chapter 6

That was the longest day of school I have ever had in my life, but it was finally over. I wet myself twice up to this point, with the diaper on of coarse, on top of wetting myself in the hallway and soiling myself in front of the toilet, in front of another girl! It was hard to believe but my bowels were acting up again. I think I have to look out for my diet a bit more, especially since I would be wearing diapers twenty four hours at a time. I mean, that can't be good for you, just sitting in there.

I headed towards my bike to head home. Feeling a small twinge in my bladder hit me, I held it in until I got to the bike rack. I couldn't pee while I was walking and if I stopped to pee, it would look really weird. I couldn't wait to get changed and showered tomorrow. It would feel so good to finally be dry and clean. Did I mention that I rode my bike to school? Anyway, when I got to the bike rack, I obeyed my whining bladder and let it empty itself into the padding. I wondered how much pee it could really hold. We were told that they tested it to last for two days. I can't imagine wearing a wet diaper for two days in a row.

Students came down to the bike rack unlocking their bikes and I was standing there like a dope, a sitting duck. It would be so nice to ride my bike with a longer skirt, so I thought.

To my horror I saw my friend Hiroshi walking down the path. I unlocked my bike and mounted it carefully so my long skirt didn't fall one way or the other. My diaper pressed against the small seat. I didn't feel as much of a breeze between my legs as I used to when peddled out of the bike rack. I used to wear just underwear, and the skirt used to be much shorter, you know, in the old days. The front of my skirt flew up from the wind resistance, flashing the whole world with a clear view of my belly button and everything under it. I promptly shoved it back down with one hand while my face lit on fire from embarrassment. This was going to be a miserable ride home, if I even made it off the campus alive.

"See ya Anzu!" Hiroshi waved to me.

"By Hiroshi!"

As I reached my comfortable speed, I heard a weird kind of drag that drastically slowed me down, until my skirt got caught in the gears. The gears yanked my skirt right down, flashing the back of my padded shorts to Hiroshi, and then my wipe out happened in stages. First my bike got jammed and came to a complete stop, throwing me over the handle bars. Next, with my skirt still stuck between my waist and the back chains, my bike completely flipped over on top of me and I fell out of my skirt. I landed flat on the road with my hands out in front of me. It skinned my forearms and knocked the wind out of me. I was on the ground with my bike on top of me. Only the front wheal spun on. My arms were covered in blood, dirt, rocks, and blood blisters. I was lying on my side with my leg twisted out of it's socket from getting stuck in the skirt. My skirt was completely down around my legs still stuck to the chains and my padded butt stuck out to the world.

There were at least twenty students within range who could see me, including Hiroyoshi, to my hearts greatest dread. He had his hand over his mouth laughing in shock. I felt my stomach churn. My thick, puffy pants were in plain view. My whole body shuddered with shock and humiliation as I heard some students in the crowd falling over laughing and others gasping, and some turning their heads away at the sight. Hiroshi rushed over to help me. I couldn't face him. I wanted someone to shoot me.

"Anzu! are you okay?!" He knelt down. I couln't stop whimpering. My leg was in horrible pain and I couldn't move to get comfortable.

"My leg!" I cried. My eyes were beat red and throbbing with tears of pain. "Itai! ITAI!" I groaned through my teeth, meaning "It hurts! It HURTS!" I never usually narrate in my foreign language, but that was a day I'd never forget, and I'll never forget that painful experience to this day, but it was also a moving experience for me.

Hiroshi looked at my leg. My knee bone poked out through my skin and my leg was bent awkwardly. "All right, hold still!" He told me. The next thing I knew he was torquing my leg like crazy. I let out a deep, sharp gasp as I felt a brief shot of excruciating pain, followed by a sudden flood of instant relief and relaxation in my dislocated knee as it snapped audibly in place. "There! That's better!" He chirped with his bright, ecstatic smile. You could see his missing tooth whenever he talked. He flipped his orange, messy hair away from his glistening red eyes and slowly helped me up. "That was a sick wipe out dude!" He praised as he stood me up on my feet. My shirt fell over the diapered shorts enough to pass off as a gown while Hiroshi worked my chains to get my skirt back. I leaned on him for support since my leg still ached. The skirt was covered in thick streaks of black oil from the bike and it was a bit tattered, but he slid it up over my fluffy tush and stood my bike up.

My body was shaken and I could barely stand, let alone walk.

"You think you can walk down to my place? I can fix up your bike there." He offered.

"I, um!" I hesitated. If I so much as lifted my right leg I'd fall over. I put all my weight on one foot and balanced myself off of Hiroshi's shoulder. Suddenly he hoisted me off my feet and cradled me in one arm. He carried both our back packs on his shoulder and my bike in his other arm, as if it couldn't just be dragged home. "I'll carry ya!" He said effortlessly. I couldn't believe how lean he was. He surprised me every day.

I had my slim arms around his shoulders to keep from falling off of him. The tension in his neck was unheard of. With me on one side and two rock-hard backpacks on the other it was no wonder, and he carried my bike home, I mean, to his house. It was a small, humble home with roughed up edges here and there. My bowels twinged a bit more as he carried me to his front door. Amazingly, he was able to pull his keys out with the bike in his arm and unlock the door. He carried me inside and laid me on his couch. "Hi Mom! Hi Dad!" Hiroshi greeted. His folks were in some other room in the small house when they came out to say hello.

"What did I say about picking up hookers!" His father mused.

"Her bike broke down." Hiroshi told him.

"You gatta dope e'm first!" The old man laughed in his rustic voice.

"Akido!" His mom stood behind him with a rolling pin in her hand ready to hit him.

"I'm just saying, if your going to pick them up you atta..." She thumped the rolling pin over his head. Hiroshi had a fun, colorful family. I always enjoyed coming over to his house.

"I through my leg out and he put it back in place and carried me and my stuff all the way here. I fell off my bike before I even left the campus."

"How the hell do you dislocate your leg from falling off your bike?!" Hiroshi's father Akido asked. "It's because you have no bones or meat!" He finished. "Look at this. What is this, some, skin and a little cartilage?" He dangled my skimpy arms with his thick, callused, oil stained fingers as I giggled.

"Oh stop Akido!" His mother rolled her eyes at him. She was chubby and jolly with red eyes and hair. It was obvious where Hiroshi got his looks. His orange hair came from a blend of his fathers blonde hair and his mothers red hair. Why his eyes didn't go purple like mine, I didn't know. His father's eyes were crystal blue.

"I'll be in the garage if anybody needs me." Hiroshi said as he headed out front.

"You want a snack?" The mother offered.

"Watch out for Arine's cooking!" Akido retorted.

"Akido!" She glared at him as he laughed.

"She's a good cook." Akido assured me.

"Thank you." I bowed. I wondered if I should wait till tomorrow to go number two and just hold it until then, or just go right now so I don't raise any suspicion again?

I had to use the toilet, for number two, but I didn't want to go in there house. Fortunately they arranged for me to get a ride after Arine cooked me something. She always insisted on cooking me something whenever I was over here. She gave me the phone to call home and let mom know I was here with them. I told them the bike story, well, maybe not the whole story.

"Goodness! Are you okay sweetie?" My mom worried.

"I'm fine Mom, really. Hiroshi and his family is taking good care of me!"

"Oh I don't doubt that! They're wonderful people! You'd better thank those people before you leave."

"I will Mom!" I tried not to huff. Mom always got on my case about manners, as if I don't know better.

"Well okay. Can I get Harue san on the phone?"

"Sure." I handed the phone to Akido.

"Don't you worry you're pretty little face!" He assured my Mom. Arine shot him a look. "You're daughter here is a perfect angel, and she's a pleasure to have around!"

"Well I'm glad. I'll pick her up for dinner."

"Nah don't worry about it. Well take her home. After all, we do have a pick-up truck for her bike." My stomach started to hurt. Some times I forget why we even wear diapers. Every time I think about it, I think about the genetically engineered mushroom that was supposed to turn human poop into meat, but it infected people and animals. It infected the live stock and it was now infecting the world. It's all because some idiot wanted to eat poop and call it food. I'd gone all day with a diaper on and I almost forgot what that was all about. That stupid mushroom cultivates within us and now we have to wear air tight diapers because of it. For all I know, I could be infected with it right now, right before I had my first air tight diaper put on. I guess I'll know when I start to pass hamburgers into my diaper.

"Anzu, are you all right?" His mother Arine asked.

"Uh, yeah." She gave me a look of minor concern.

"What's on your mind?"

"It's just this whole thing. I can't seem to get over it." I whispered. "Now everyone I know and love is throwing away there dignity and I can't stand it!"

She nodded. "Yeah. People have really made a mess of things haven't they? Who would have thought such a harmless experiment could have lead to such turmoil? Live and learn huh?"

"Yeah, and now we're back in diapers because of it."

"The Russians aren't wearing diapers, nor are the Americans or the Africans. They're just spraying the hell out of everything. Only in Japan would someone think to try to contain an infection by sealing it off and throwing it in the trash. Honestly, they'd have more problems trying to contain the fungus in the trash then in the toilet. I mean, do you know where trash even goes? And how dose it get there? Have you ever wondered how the government actually handles the fungus?"

I'll tell ya, if there's anyone who could get you thinking it was Hiroshi's mom. How does the government handle the fungus? Even if they stopped it from spreading in cities and towns, how exactly were they going to put it to extinction when there's so many hiding places for them, like in other countries where thy don't try to put it to extinction? Speak of the devil, the news was on there tv. It was a news cast about the genius behind it all, the inventer of the mushroom himself, Mitsuyuki Ikeda.

"If I had the slightest clue it would come to this I wouldn't have even touched the stuff." Ikeda said on the news interview. "It doesn't even make sense. It's just a tropical mushroom. It shouldn't have had such a drastic effect on people. We get athletes foot all the time and nobody ever dies from it! I honestly don't understand it!" The news turned over to a biologist of the Yakamoto University of Japan.

"Bringing a tropical plant into a non tropical environment always leads to disaster, if that tropical plant survives the foreign conditions, because tropical plants evolve in a highly competitive ecosystem. Ikeda used a tropical plant known as the red-thorned gold mushroom. If you take a highly competitive plant from a highly competitive neighborhood, that plant becomes a bully to the calmer plants in the cooler weather, and spreads drastically. It's not the first time a tropical plant was brought into non tropical areas. Not only dose the mushroom emit spores and cultivate on diverse land, it has devastating effects on the anal area of the human body when it develops in the mold stage.

As id cultivates in the human digestive track, it cultivates along the side of the large intestines and feeds off of human tissue. Symptoms of infection include cramps, excessive bleeding from the anus, and nausea. Further stages of the infection include diarrhea shaking of the body, high fevers, hallucinations, aggression, and a long list of other symptoms. This is due to a toxin from the red-thorned gold mushroom getting into the blood stream." I watched in horror seeing the footage of what victims looked like. They're faces were pale white. They looked horribly sick.

"Japanese officials are taking action to revoke Mitsuyuki Ikeda of his license and charge him drastically." I turned the tv off right there. I couldn't stand to watch any more news. I got up slowly to go outside and check up on Hrioshi. I limped outside with my sore knee and carefully sat down on the ground with my leg sticking out. I couldn't bend it properly without it hurting.

Hiroshi was covered in oil stains and surrounded by tools, and his tool box. He wore his sleeveless, white shirt and baggy jeans. I didn't know he changed out of his uniform. "Hi Hrioshi."

"Whats up." He perked.

"I just came out to watch."

"That's cool with me." My bike was up-side-down, resting on the seat and the handle bars. There were nuts, bolts and parts all over the place. He even took my handle bars off for lord knows what reason. I saw his bulking arms torquing on bolts and parts as I watched him work up a sweat. He spun my back wheels around to hear it ticking, for mechanical purposes I suppose.

"How badly did I bust this thing?" I asked.

"Ah well, you didn't exactly bust it in one wipe out. You've been wearing this thing down for a long time it looks like. Do you ever have problems with your bike stopping or slowing down all of a sudden?"

"Yeah. How did you know that?"

"Your breaks keep getting stuck under the wheel, so I just adjusted it to be a little closer to the tire. I'll just be oiling the cables for you while I'm at it so your breaks and gear shift will work more smoothly." He spun the back wheel manually and let it tick. I watched him work his magic. How could he be so awesome? "So you can fix bones and bikes. Who knew?"

"Ha! True." He replied.

"Where do you learn all this stuff?"

"My dad taught me everything I know. He taught me to use all kinds of guns, he taught me to fix bikes, fix bones, survive. He's basically making a solder out of me. My dad was in the military for a short time, then he wanted to be a mechanic. So he's your classic handy man. He fixes everything. He used to take me camping a lot too, so I learned a lot about starting a fire with plain old sticks and hunting. He even taught me to hunt with a bow. Then he taught me how to make a bow out of stuff we found in the forest. One day he took me out in the middle of the woods for a week to teach me how to survive out right."

"That's amazing." I said.

"So if there was ever a zombie apocalypse I could fight them off, run in the forest and live happily ever after off of squirrels." I giggled. My bowels sent another surge of pain in my spine. The pressure built up in my bowels. I decided it was time to just let go.

"Anzu, the stir fry's ready!" Arine called. Drat! I tried to get myself up to eat with them. Hiroshi helped me up and carried me over to the dinner table.

"I can walk." I told him.

"Nah, you better just take care of that leg of yours."

Food was the last thing I needed right now. I saw Hiroshi's missing tooth when he opened his mouth to take a bite and wondered. How does he chew?

"Hiroshi." I asked. "What happened to your tooth anyway?"

"I didn't tell you that story!?" His red eyes beamed up at me. "Well shoot. How could I not have told you the bear story!"

"The bear story? What happened?"

"I tamed a wild bear with my two bare hands!" He smirked. My eyes just about popped out of my head.

"You tamed a wild bear!?"

"He's messing with ya!" Akido said. Of coarse he was! How could I be so stupid? He was pretty tough all right but who on earth could fight off a bear!?

"Yeah I lied." He affirmed. "It was a dragon." I laughed. Hiroshi was nuts.

"All right, now tell her the real story!" Arine laughed inwardly.

"I fell out of a tree when I was real little. I landed face first on a pick-nick table."

"Jeez!"

"It knocked out my tooth and cut my lip. I had to get stitches."

"That sounds like it hurt."

"Nah. I didn't feel it. I just got up and walked it off."

"That's not true Hiroshi!" Arine exclaimed.

"You were screeching like a chimpanzee when we found you're four year old body bleeding under the table."

"That's awful!" I felt my heart just scrunch up for this boy.

"I don't remember that!" He said.

"You wouldn't have remembered something like that. The brain puts those kinds of memories in the back of your mind." How old was he when he had to drink his own urine to survive!? "Anything else I should know?" I asked.

"Well, I don't get along well with bronies, I have an IQ of about a hundred and ten or twenty or something, I'm blood type O positive and I hate my math teacher."

"Thanks." I smirked. I did my best to hold still while I ate. The pressure in my bowels was building up as we spoke. I felt myself begin to sweat.

"You okay Anzu?" Hiroshi asked again.

"Y-yeah." I subconsciously pressed my legs together, and my buns.

"You look real tense."

"I-I'm okay. Really."

"Did I over cook it?" Arine asked.

"No, it's delicious! Thank you!" People were getting more and more suspicious by the minute. I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep up this act. I grew more and more nervous by the minute until I started shifting in my seat, as if to get comfortable.

"Just go in your diaper all ready girl!" Akido blurted out. Hiroshi started laughing in his throat.

"Akido!" Arine scolded. "Lesson number one Akido! Lesson number one!"

"Not you too!" I protested. "Hiroshi, you didn't teach them that did you?"

"Don't look at me!" He smirked. He was obviously lying.

"Some friend you are!" I pouted. He just laughed. "You're so mean!" With my bowels nagging more then ever, I gave in. "Pleas excuse me." I got up and limped to find somewhere private to take care of my business.

"She's so shy, the poor dear!" Arine whispered. I went in his back yard to be horrifically reminded of the current state of things. There was a large, plastic, fold up chamber attached to a long tube that stretched out over everyone else's back yards, connected to everyone else's weird, plastic chamber thing they suddenly had in their back yards. I looked up in the sky and noticed a giant blimp connected to a large tube that connected it to the ground. I found out later they were pumping clean air from the sky into those showers and changing chambers. It was amazing how much money the government was spending on measures that probably wouldn't even work. I went back inside to eat my food.

I hesitated with my heavy bowels waiting patiently for me. I sat in my chair at the dinner table as my padded diaper maned it's station. I felt my legs quivering at what I was about to do. I just wasn't ready for it, even though I really, really, REALLY needed it. Another sharp pain rose up my spine. I bent over and gripped my stomach, then I sat right back up! I tapped my feet in place nervously.

"Are you all right there?" Hiroshi asked. Oh great. I was all ready raising suspicion!

"Y-yeah. I'm okay." I just let it go. This wouldn't be the first time I pooped myself today, but the first time in my life I ever pooped my pants on purpose, and at the dinner table of all places. I felt that rancid tooth past slithering through, building up behind me and groping me. It felt warm and sticky. The back of my diaper bulked outward and started to sag more than ever. Nothing was visible under my skirt. A chill rand down my spine as I loaded my diaper with that horrible mud. It was so nasty I wanted to cry! I didn't even want to know how many snakes there were in my bowels. I wasn't hungry anymore. I just wanted it to be over as soon as possible.

I forced the load through one snake at a time as they all morphed with the pie in my pants. The bulk in my diaper became very noticeable if I lifted my skirt. I felt my freckled face heat up. When I finally finished soiling myself, again, I tried to resume eating. My knee still felt sore from earlier and my arms were now scabby. I figured I might as well pee too while I was at it. I let a small stream pick up. It lasted for about five seconds and trickled to a stop. My diaper was officially full. I had actually filled my diaper, and I still had like, twelve hours to go. I didn't think a diaper could get more full then this, but I would soon find, it could get much more full.

The family loaded my bike into the back of there truck and Hiroshi carried me into the passenger seat.

"Um, Hiroshi. Thank you." I bowed. "For everything."

"Hey, don't mention it. What are friends for?" He gave me a thumbs up.

"I can think of three things they're not good for." I retorted.

"You're welcome!" He smiled. "See ya later."

"By Hiroshi." That was that, and Akido drove me off. Talk about a long day. I couldn't wait to get home and just collapse on my bed. I only wish I could get changed though. Akido carried me to the front door and set me down on my good leg, letting me lean on his side. He rang the door bell and Mom came to the door.

"Hi Anzu!" She cheered and gave me a big hug. She was an exact copy of me, or, me of her anyway. She had short, slick, purple hair, freckles on her puffy cheeks, the whole package. She had t-cup breasts and an extremely thin body. She was short and very shapely. Her cheeks glowed with cheer. "Thanks for taking my precious daughter home Harue san."

"Mom! You're embarrassing me again!"

"It's my pleasure Kohaku san! You have a good night." We had Korokke for dinner tonight, one of my favorites. Unfortunately, I wasn't in the mood for anything right now. I had to sit in the mess I made all night. I had to sleep in my own toilet.

"So what happened at school today?" My mother asked.

"Oh, uh. I just, fell off my bike."

"How did that happen?"

"Well, the new uniform got stuck in the gears and, well." I lifted my skirt above the table so she could see the stained, shredded portion of it that got caught in the chains.

"Uh oh! We'll have to buy you another one ASAP! So did you hurt you're leg too?"

"Y-yeah."

"I thought I saw you limping in here. Did you hurt your leg too?"

"Yeah. But, Hiroshi fixed it for me."

"Fixed what, your leg? Was it broken?"

"Well no, but I dislocated it."

"How did you do that?" I didn't want to tell her the embarrassing part of my story when I had to take my skirt off to get it free. "The bike landed on top of me." I told her.

"Jeez! Were you going full speed or what?"

"Yeah. Hiroshi had to carry me to his house so he could fix my bike."

"He carried you all the way to his house and fixed your bike for you? Did he have to carry your bike too."

"And my back pack."

"So he was carrying two back packs, a bike, and a girl!"

"He's really very strong. He carried me with one arm without even trying."

"Wow! He must really like you!"

"W-we're just good friends."

"Careful now! You might break his heart."

"It's fine Mom. He knows I like Hiroyoshi." I wish I would have shut my stupid mouth! My mother wens so gaga over the idea of me having a boy friend.

"You have a crush!?" Here it comes, the ultimate bomb of hugs and kisses. "Oh! Who's the lucky man?" She purred.

"N-no one!" I lied.

"Oh common Anzu! I remember when I fell in love for the first time. It was a cute boy who use to play the piano. I was a sucker- for boys who played the piano. I was just about your age when I asked him out. I was afraid he'd reject me. Surprisingly, he was happy that I asked him, because all the other girls thought the same exact thing." The muck smeared around in my diaper while I tried to shift to get comfortable. I couldn't get comfortable. It was so gross.

"They all thought that he was WAY out of there liege, and none of them ever asked them out! He was actually pretty lonely for a time. He didn't have any friends because they were shy around him. I was shy around him. He was amazing at the piano. He made you wet yourself just to be near him when he played." That's one thing I loved about Hiroyoshi. He played the piano like no bodies business. His fingers would run so gracefully, so effortlessly across the keys, as if it were second nature to him. When he played, his face changed. He would go into a zone. I would see his face change based on the mood of the melody. I could see the reflection of the piano keys in his eyes.

I remembered that day I walked through the school hallway in the fine arts department. It happened to be connected to the cafeteria. I heard a faint sound of music coming from the hall way. I followed the sound, getting lost in the school. It was my first year. As I heard the music getting closer and closer, a approached a door. I opened it very carefully to see who was inside, playing. It was a boy, sitting at the bench. I snuck in and left the door cracked. He didn't seem to notice me. His eyes centered on his hands as they glided over the keys. His fingers hardly moved and somehow they made music come off of that box. I listened intently. It was so beautiful. I stood behind him watching. His eyes seemed somehow off center, like he wasn't even looking at the keys. It seemed as if he merely felt the music flow through his arms. It was a breath taking sight and I got to see it in person.

When he finished playing, I just had to say something. I didn't know what to say, so I stuttered. It startled him as he suddenly sprang up from a strange sleep.

"How long have you been there?" He asked.

"U-um! J-just long enough. I just heard some one playing and I- came in here to see who it was." He nodded. "You're really amazing!" I told him.

"Thanks." He replied.

"Have you considered joining the talent show?"

"You can do that?"

"Are you kidding? They'd want you to. With your music, you could knock everyone dead!"

"I don't know. I'm too nervous."

"Nervous of what, that hundreds of people will be watching you?"

"Try thousands."

"But you won't even notice them! You didn't even notice me walk by you!"

"You walked right by me?" The conversation continued from there. He took my advice later that year and joined the talent show. Ever since then, the girls were all over him, all the popular girls, and the popular boys. He became the most popular boy in school. Every girl wanted him, but they were afraid they were out of his liege. So was I. I didn't even know how to talk to him anymore. What could I possibly say? Ever since then, I'd been in love with him. I couldn't keep my eyes off him, but I couldn't get near him. I was too nervous around him, especially since he attracted a lot of attention.

I went to bed that night thinking. I had forgotten about the poop in my diaper by now, and I thought about asking him out. What would I say? What would he think?

