The Desperation of Sammy Kelly

Author: -wettinghard-

*000*2013-07-03 07:15

The Desperation of Sammy Kelly

"Sammy!"

"Sammy, wake up now!"

"Oh shit, i'm going to be late."

This was what Sammy Kelly got out of her mouth as she ran over to he clock and turned it off. She was suppose to arrive to school early to prepare for the orientation of all the soon to be new Freshmen at the Lincoln Memorial High. Sammy which is short for Samantha, is a pretty young Junior who could be a handful but, on the other hand she was a bright student that had earned the right to be showing the junior high students around during first to sixth period.

As Sammy rushed to put on a nice pair of white skinny jeans. She knew this pair was tighter then her others but at this rate she couldn't afford to waste time looking for another pair. Her mother was prepared for this mad dash she has gotten Sammy a glass of orange juice and a small easy bowl of cereal. Sammy ran down the stairs leaping down two at a time. She landed and the base of the stairs and ran over to the door ready to go out to the car to be drove by her mother

"Wait!"

"Hold up honey at least have some cereal and your orange juice before we go."

Sammy sighed and ran over to the table and shoveled down her cereal and gulped down her tangy orange juice, she did love her orange juice so she grabbed another glass and gulped that one down to.

"Alright, I'm ready to go mom!" Sammy hollered while walking out the door. Sammy sat in the car waiting for her mother, day dreaming as she was not yet fully awake.

She snapped out of her day dream when her mother slammed shut the car door and started the engine.

"You ready for the big day?" Sammy's mother asked eagerly.

"Mother it's not that big of a day i'm just responsible of touring a bunch of baby Junior high kids." Sammy replied rolling he eyes

"Now Sammy, that's not a very nice thing to say you were once in junior high" Sammy's mother replied in a annoyed voice at her daughters comment

They arrived at the door of the school and Sammy jumped out of the car and waved bye to her mother as she drove away. She walked though the door and was greeted by the principle

"Oh Miss.Kelly you made it just in time for the prep meeting, now go take your seat and we can begin discussing the plans for today.

Sammy went to her seat, and crossed her long legs and listened to Mr. Wilson go on, and on, and on and finally he finished as they heard the buses of the regular students for the high school arrive. Mr. Wilson dismissed them to homeroom. Sammy got up and then walked to room B 109 and got to the room and went to her seat near the back. She talked to her friend Alexis in the back for a while then the morning schedule was told over the loud speaker, and was stressed only the hand picked students were to be aloud to be out of scheduled classes to escort the junior high students around the school.

Soon after the bell rang and Sammy got up and felt a slight pressure on her bladder as she had finally woken up fully and now was feeling the effects of a nights worth of stored up pee which would not have been as bad if it was not for he drinking those two glasses of orange juice that morning. Although it still was not to bad and she had not time to go as she was suppose to report to the media center. She got to the center and there now was a whole group of students ready for the tour and Sammy was responsible of six groups, one per a period of the scheduled orientation time.

"Alright you guys, we are now going to start by this is the media center, this place is where during your lunch time you can spend time working on projects or pick out nice books to read in peace." Sammy explained to her slew of kids.

She walked down the halls pointing out important parts of the building such as lockers, the cafeteria, T.V. production room, home economics, and also the restrooms. She answered all of the questions she was asked while giving this tour. she led them back to the media center in time before the bell was to inform everyone to report to their next class. She did the same she did with her second group as she proceeded with each tour. she finished her third tour and then felt a sharp pressure on her bladder. The urine was starting to get to her. But, though he slight pain she gave her fourth orientation and this group was a bunch of trouble makers they were always running and pushing each other making Sammy a little stressed out over them as she focused on trying to keep them in line she forgot about her bladder for that period of time.

She finally dumped those trouble makers off at the media center and was given her fifth group of kids. In the middle of the tour she was hit with a giant wave of pressure on her full bladder. She doubled over in pain and was asked if she was okay from a few concerned students. She said she was fine to them and continued to give the tour but was not as proficient on her answers to questions and explaining the certain sights.

She made it back to the media center, and was finally given her last group of children. She was now walking almost in a cross legged fashion and heard the younger students making comments to each other about the way she was acting. She was often doubling over in pain and she would leak a few small drops into her white cotton panties. She was asked several times what was a matter and she just continued on with the tour hoping to keep her mind off her desperation. She even giving the tour found herself holding herself, she tried not to do this in front of these younger people but she couldn't help it, she was pushing on her bladder with all of her might.

She turned and noticed some of the younger boys seem to be turned on by the way she was acting. She blushed and turned around and continued to hold herself just not as much or as hard to not seem as desperate. Finally she had reached the end of the tour. She hurried the students back to the media center where she dropped them off and heard the bell and ran out she knew it was her lunch period so she was aloud to go to the restroom or any where now.

She rushed into the dirty bathroom and hurried into a stall. She grabbed he zipper and pulled down on it and it seemed to be stuck.

"Damnit!"

"Not Now" Sammy cried

She pulled on it again but it was to no help she just couldn't hold it anymore and she released a little and felt the warm yellow liquid come out. She tried to stop but, to no avail she continued to wet herself and all she could do was sit there and cry as she was sitting there wetting herself like a five year old. She sat for at least a minute then her pee finally stopped flowing. She sat on the toilet in her now cold saturated, pee stained white pants. She knew there was no hiding her accident she had a yellow stain all down he bottom and front area.

She got up after what seem a decade and rushed out down to the nurse. She was crying non stop as she was so embarrassed at what had happened. The nurse looked at her and sighed and asked quietly

"Whats your name honey?"

Sammy replied though her tears and sat as the nurse called Sammy's mother. Then before she knew it her mother showed up to take her home. Sammy's mothers first words to her

"So, Sammy who now is the little junior high baby?"

This was a shock to Sammy her mother seemed so upset. She was drove home silently and then she passed her house and wondered where her mother was taking them and then she saw a baby store and was horrified.... To Be Continued

Thank you for reading my first ever attempt of a Omorashi i hope you enjoyed and i will continue the story soon Sammy Kelly: The Baby

*003*2013-07-04 00:32

{{: 

Because we all know that after having one accident, the punishment is always to be made to wear diapers.

}}

It is true i never planned on continuing this story but after i finished it i felt i wanted to continue the story in some way. I finished early in the morning and just didn't know how to think of a different way to keep it going... I think it gets dull sometimes but i think i can find a way to spread it out to like the diaper being a one time thing and then its gone but even more accidents happen and she winds up in them. But, that is for me to figure out later on. But, thanks for responding its always nice to see you posting here. I loved seeing you posting The Surrogate Baby as i read it on the original site you posted it on and i loved to read it all over again. ;)

*004*2013-07-04 00:34

{{: 

Good story though a a little more detail here and there would help. Overall very good.

}}

Thanks i tried to get some details in, still i felt it was good for a first try... Thanks for feed back again

