Hot Bursting Girl Dressed As Santa's Elf!

Author: Brenman

*000*2021-12-01 12:56

So this is a very fine memory I have from when I was much younger and got to witness the desperation of three generations of women. I was riding in the middle row backseat of my parents minivan. Or I should specify, when I say that this was my parents minivan, I’m only speaking colloquially, for if you’ve read any of my other stories, you’ll know that my actual biological parents divorced ages ago, and my dad later remarrying my stepmom Susan, while my biological mother moved back to Appalachia where she was from, but I digress.

I’m riding in the middle seat of of a packed minivan so fragrant with the cinnamon cream, Christmas-tree-shaped air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror, you’d think that my parents were actually burning a scented candle inside the car. My stepmom Susan being the hippie that she was, with her mom-jeans and her New Mexico Native American patterned woven shawl (in New England!). Susan rode in the front row passenger side seat while my father, John, gripped the wheel.

I hone in on the cinnamon cream scented, Christmas-tree-shaped air freshener only because it was pertinent to the current discussion in the car, a continuation of a “debate” that we’d been having since that morning. You see, in the seat next to me, sat my (step)sister’s friend Laury, a gorgeous, thin Italian girl with smooth, flawless, light caramel colored skin and pouty lips that resembled a YOUNG Sophia Loren. Laury was nineteen years old to be exact, the same age as my stepsister Cassie who sat in the seat on the other side of her.

Shameful as it is for me to say, both of these girls were dressed SEXY on this very fine afternoon, but the way that their sartorial choices differed from one another was the subject of the current “debate” inside the car. You see, Laury was dressed this afternoon as a Christmas-style “Santa’s” elf, complete with the upturn-curled elf boots with the little bells on the tips, long candy-cane style red and white-striped stockings that hugged Laury’s toned, sexy legs, all the way up to the tight garter straps where her gorgeous caramel thighs disappeared under her green, “elf” minidress.

She wore a silly looking Santa hat to complete the Christmasy look, and this was especially offensive to my step sister Cassie that afternoon, because she had emerged from her bedroom earlier that morning in a sexy mini-dress with cornucopias adorning it in polka-dotted regularity, and Cassie’s legs sported stockings of orange and white stripes with big, smiling cartoon turkeys sprawled out everywhere, many of the cartoon turkeys holding forks and knives, licking their smiling beaks, apparently ready to dig in to a Thanksgiving feast. That’s right folks, my stepsister donned Thanksgiving wear, while Laury donned that of Christmas, and the real problem this afternoon, so Cassie argued, was that it was still pre-Thanksgiving, and so it was premature to be wearing Christmas clothing on this afternoon.

This was exactly the sort of frivolous debate that most rational adults would choose to ignore, but that two teenage girls, two sexy little nineteen-year-olds in mini dresses decorated for differing holidays, their bodies loaded with catty estrogen, and, that morning, wayyy to much coffee. My buddy Arnold rode in the very back row alone. As we rode along, I noticed Laury’s thighs were bouncing constantly, and with the highly trained desperation-radar that my eyes and loins had developed by this point in time, I was nearly certain that this sexy girl needed to pee!

Back at the house, nearly an hour ago, my stepmom Susan had prepared (large) seasonal cappuccinos for the whole family. I was seated at the kitchen counter next to a window looking outside when Susan passed by, distributing the large caffeinated drinks to all of us from a tray balanced on her fingers as she walked. I was startled when Susan nudged my arm with steaming mug meant for me, but was several seconds later glad to be startled, for when I turned and looked down the hallway, and the radio began, in angelic choir-like harmony, to sing out “Hark the herald angels sing…” Laury emerged from the guest bedroom she’d claimed as hers (at our weekend rental house), displaying her elvish sartorial decision for the day.

Man, was this girl HOT! She emerged from the bedroom in a way which will forever be permanently ingrained in my memory as a cinematic pan-up from the floor to her pretty smiling face. Like the jingling of a cat’s collar, the cute little bells on the tips of the curled-up toes of her elf-boots heralded her arrival, and I watched, as she stepped around the corner of the doorframe, her ringing little boots coming into view first, followed by the tight, red and white striped stockings, which were so thin that her gorgeous caramel skin showed through the nearly transparent white stripes, which led up all the way up the Laury’s sexy girly legs, stopping at her upper thighs, just inches below her cute little green minidress, her cute swanlike neck leading up to her supermodel smile.

Laury had enormous lips, like I said, as though resembling a young Sophia Loren, and an impeccably bright and white toothy smile, in spite of the coffee enthusiast she’d been known to be. Her cute little Santa hat on top of her long dark hair was the only piece of her sexy outfit that seemed somewhat unnecessary, in that she were supposed to be dressed as an elf and not as Santa, but overall, who would question the clothing decisions of a girl this hot when she’d been generous, or careless, enough to wear such a sultry get-up? Her sexy little elf outfit was rendered this girl’s lithe young body so scantily clad that her Christmas outfit frankly seemed better fitted to halloween, given just how openly slutty it looked on her, or maybe this was just the natural result of having an amazing Italian body better suited for swimsuit modeling than working as a nurse or nun, for instance.

As Laury rounded the corner of her room and came into my line of eye sight, she at that very moment nearly collided with my step mom and her tray of large cappuccinos she was carrying around, these two girls apparently never learning the restaurant lingo “corner!”. Luck would have it though, that they just managed, matrix-style to avoid collision with each other and nothing liquid was spilled. However, serendipity reigned supreme in the next moment when the near-miss caused her Santa hat to fall from her head, and I watched, in slow motion, as Laury smiled and said,

“whoops”, watching her hat fall to the floor, before she immediately squatted down to the floor to retrieve the hat, not realizing, or even thinking about the fact that she was facing my general direction from across the room, and that when she squatted, her legs were splayed and her the short little hemline of her green mini dress rode up in such away that perfectly framed, in candid camera up skirt style, the sexy red little thong underwear that this nineteen year old girl was wearing that day, and that’s not even the best part.

Even with her perfectly toned cheerleader’s body, her thong that day looked at least a size too small, as her stockings stopped clear at the top of her thighs with only tight little garter straps holding them up on either side of her lthe young body, but her entire upper and inner thighs, along with her pelvis just around her crotch, all were clearly and nakedly exposed, her gorgeous caramel Italian skin perfectly framing her tight little red thong, cupping the girl’s tight little camel toe slit pussy in stark red, like a rose petal floating on a caramel cappucino. The thong was so thin on the teen’s tight little vagina that it was clear to the eye that she was perfectly shaved bare, and clearly took time and meticulous effort to keep her naked pussy groomed bare, as there wasn’t a single stubble of five-o-clock shadow pubic hair showing anywhere, or even any razor bumps from shaving.

Did Laury, at age nineteen, already take to waxing herself? Or was she just incredibly skilled with a razor, a virtual virtuoso of shaving, and had rendered her little crotch perfectly nude of hair like the swimsuit model she was always meant (destined?) to be? Maybe the experience, or my memory of squatting little Laury, was enhanced by the fact that I was at the time only twenty one years old and raging with hormones, but still, girl’s in miniskirts that show lots of thigh, and particularly when they’re only nineteen years old and flawless, just don’t realize how catastrophically sexy they are, and the privilege to see nineteen year old Laury’s red thonged pussy, just inches above the floor, in open uspkirt frame had me nearly spitting out my coffee in surprise and arousal that morning at nine AM.

She grabbed the hat, and after a couple slo-mo seconds of upskirt, she finally stood back up and gladly took her first sip of the lage cappuccino allotted to her, saying “ahh” with a big smile as she swallowed the first sip of the hot liquid. Already, I was getting a boner, and thought of actually making for the restroom to be alone and jerk off, but resisted the urge and instead sipped my coffee.

Next thing I knew, however, my stepsister Cassie emerged from her bedroom, just adjacent to where Laury was staying. Cassie was also dressed in her outfit choice for the day, like I described earlier, in a way that was celebratory of thanksgiving, but was honestly, just as sexy. If you’ve ever read any of my other stories describing Cassie, you’d know that while she is in her own way extremely sexy, she was sexy in a way that was slightly on the thicker side, in contrast to Laury’s thin, swimsuit model sexiness.

Cassie was a little shorter than Laury, and had thick womanly thighs and a butt that was nice and big and round and still had a bit of baby fat on it, if you catch my drift, a butt much more like adult film actress Madison Chandler’s butt, than like the cute, toned, pert little bubble butt that a girl like Laury possessed. I’d long ago gotten over the internal conflict of seeing Cassie as hot, we weren’t blood related after all, and I long ago justified looking at her from time to time so lang as I obviously never made any sort of a “move” on Cassie, or even ever really considered it.

At the end of the day (or on that day, the beginning), she was wearing tiny little skirt just barely managed to cover her big round ass, and who could blame me for looking? I was already partly turned on by Laury’s little up skirt display earlier, too. When Cassie saw how Laury was dressed, Cassie at once hunched over, bursting into laughter, resting her hands on her orange stocking-clad knees. This caused her little skirt to ride up a couple inches below her, showing the bottoms of Cassie’s glorious globular butt cheeks, encased in thin cotton panties that covered most of her (rather large) butt, in contrast to Laury’s sexy little thong, which of course covered very little of anything.

I looked at my sister’s big butt for a couple of seconds as the girls laughed together looking over each other’s outfit, before we all of us shared our large cappuccinos together and talked about just how thankful we, all of us, my dad, my stepmom, my stepsister, her friend Laury, my buddy Harold, myself, and soon my mom’s friend and my mom’s mom were going to join our big thanksgiving party, as tomorrow was finally turkey day.

We drank our coffees over about the course of an hour as we chatted. We were just timing our departure in accordance with our plan to pick up my stepmom’s mom Sherry from the airport when her plane landed at ten thirty in the morning. It was during the course of this hour, that Cassie challenged Laury on her decision to dress up in Christmas decor on this morning.

“I just don’t get it, Thanksgiving’s not even over yet?!” Cassie exclaimed as she downed a gulp of her coffee drink.

“Who cares? It’s just not as big a deal, like obviously, right?” Laury said, in her typical teenaged girl, bratty tone. Laury was quite friendly, but also possessed an element of the sassy, bratty teen that usually came with girl’s who were as naturally hot as she was at such a young age. It frankly made her even hotter to me, like an itch that needed to be scratched, Laury’s brattiness and Americanness (in contrast with her continental European Italian looks) made her that sexy, bubbly, fun, bratty, sometimes bitchy in a fun way, girl-next-door type that you just wanted to fuck and hopefully use your dick to ramrod and batter all of the brattiness out of the girl once and for all. My sister certainly knew how to pick hot friends, and Laury was no exception. At Laury’s bratty, “Who cares? It’s just bot as big a deal, like obviously right?” my dad chimed in with one of his usual puns, his never ending dad-jokes.

“What are you saying, that Thanksgiving is small potatoes?!” He said, as he nudged me in the arm in an attempt to search for solidarity for his frivolous humor. I often made a habit of laughing at my dad’s jokes, no matter how unfunny, just to show support for the old man, but this morning, it was just too early, and besides, I was trying to ogle my stepsister and her hot friend in peace as I imbibed my caffeinated drink.

“Well I think Thanksgiving is a big deal, and deserves respect.” Cassie said, confidently.

“It’s a celebration of the wrong thing.” replied Laury quickly. “You shouldn’t be celebrating taking the land from the Native Americans.” she argued.

“Oh like anyone really thinks of it like that anymore, like, who cares? It’s just an event to get together and eat a big meal…” said Cassie in retort to Laury. “It’s the same thing with Christmas, it’s not like everyone who celebrates Christmas is actually celebrating the birth of Christ, it’s all just about consumerism and buying buying buying gifts to exchange with each other around a lit up tree every year. It’s all just consumerism.” Cassie said as she unironically drank her decadent holiday themed coffee drink as she paced the floors of our opulent holiday rental house.

“Okay, well consider me a consumer, then I guess, the rest of us too though.” said Laury as she downed a gulp of her coffee.

“Yeah, like I’m not saying I’m not one, it’s just like, when you look around, I just feel like it cheapens the even the meaning of Christmas itself when as early as mid November everything everywhere is already decked out with Christmas ornamentation, like, can we at least wait til cyber Monday please? Would that be like too much to ask? It’s just a bit much on the marketing side, you know, too much consumerism, and it cheapens the holidays, that’s all.” said Cassie.

“Well I just think Christmas is somehow more festive, that’s all.” Laury said as she did a cute little curtsy in her elf outfit, the bell on the tip of her elf shoe ringing as she raised her foot theatrically in the air a moment. “But anyway, I don’t know that everyone just skips decorating for Thanksgiving altogether, I see a lot of gourds and pumpkins and wicker basket turkeys and all kinds of shit- “

“Please say “stuff”, interrupted my stepmom.

Laury let out a sassy sigh of frustration and a big gorgeous smile as she continued, “of stuff, thank you, Susan. I mean,” she said, turning back to Cassie, “like, let’s really take a look around when we drive to the airport, I can guarantee you that you’re going to see almost the same amount of stuff for Thanksgiving on people’s lawns and porches as you would for Christmas.”

“The same amount? Really?” said Cassie.

“I said almost the same.” replied Laury.

Now it had been nearly another fifteen minutes since we all piled into the car together and departed for the airport, at which point both girls seemed to be so engrossed with their debate over the two holidays that neither girl had thought, apparently, to pee before leaving the house, in spite of all the coffee they’d drank, large cappuccinos in very tall ceramic mugs. This may have escaped my notice, had sexy Laury sitting next to me not been showing noticeable signs of her increasingly filling bladder since we sat down next together in the car seat.

Her sexy green minidress showed just a couple inches of naked thigh above her candy-cane red and white striped stockings, tightly encasing her long sexy legs, and had it not been for the ringing of the bells on her shoes, I may not have known to glance down at Laury’s sexy legs. The ringing was quiet but annoying, and whenever the (Christmas) music playing on the radio would die out in volume between songs, the constant jingle of Laury’s elf shoes was present and audible. I looked down at her gorgeous legs sitting next to me. They were so hot in her little miniskirt, I wished I could lean forward just a few inches as I stared down at Laury’s thighs in hopes of catching another glimpse of her crotch in her little red thong, but felt there would be no decent way to do this without her realizing it. But the bells rang, because Laury, increasingly, couldn't stop fidgeting and squirming her sexy little butt or thighs, in her seat.

The taught caramel flesh of this girl’s inner thighs jiggled ever so slightly as she constantly bounced her legs, before the muscles in her thighs would contract and relax over and over again, clearly the signs of an unannounced, but quickly filling, teen girl bladder. As the girl’s looked out at the neighborhoods we passed through on our way to downtown to the airport, taking in the Thanksgiving lawn ornaments here, the big blowup Christmas inflatable snowman there, Laury’s thighs just kept shift in the seat next to me, sometimes the muscles tensing and relaxing in succession, sometimes she held her stocking-clad thighs close together as she bounced them up and down rapidly, sometimes, (perhaps my favorite) she fanned her thighs in and out constantly, until one of her knees actually bumped into my knee rather hard, at which point she turned to me with a quick, “sorry”.

Oh how she didn’t have to be sorry for bumping into me, I thought to myself. I wouldn’t have minded this sexy nineteen year old’s legs to jostle and bump into mine a few more times. Laury had by this point started to let out loud sighs that seemed to be sighs of frustration, but still she had not said anything aloud that might indicate that she needed to pee. Of course, this isn’t something one typically announces i polite company, and with our parents in the car, in was likely that even a hot bratty girl like Laury would know better, or feel it inappropriate to announce a bodily need as base as peeing when she could just hold out for an opportunity to dip into a restroom when one was presented.

With all of that being said, the speed and consistency with which her thighs squirmed and fidgeted and moved in her seat was pretty alarming, and I began to wonder how my sister, sitting on the other side of Laury, didn’t say anything or find anything amiss about the fact that her friend clearly needed to pee with some urgency. Couldn’t Cassie ask to stop somewhere to save Laury the embarrassment? Then again, you might be asking, couldn’t I? Yes, but you have to understand, I could hardly even believe I was fortunate enough to see a girl as hot as Laury showing sign of needing to pee, and until she decided to say something aloud about her need, which to me would have been the cherry on top of the whole experience, I was gonna savor this until the very last moment.

I always loved hearing a woman finally announce that she needed to urinate, after being pushed past the point of manners by her growing need. Both girls were also drinking a bottled water that Susan had passed out around the car, being the health nut my stepmother is, and this couldn’t have helped poor Laury’s bladder at all either. I wondered momentarily if Cassie needed to pee too, after all , she’d drank the same amount of coffee earlier, and her water bottle, like Laury’s was about seventy five percent empty at this point too. Laury let out another LOUD sigh between her sexy pouty lips, and looked for a second as though she were about to say something to my dad about perhaps making a rest stop, but was interrupted by Cassie when she said,

“Okay, I’ve figured it out, in the suburbs people decorate for Thanksgiving because family is in town, and it’s about family, but then as you get into the city, the decor switches to Christmas because this is where all the stores are, so they have it gear it all towards consumerism.” Cassie said, knowingly.

“Sounds about right.” my dad chirped, from the driver’s seat, but of course, Laury had to argue with this observation as well. She let out a sigh, her restless thighs fanning in and out rapidly, as she shifted once in her seat, fighting with her seat belt as she fought for a moment to cross her legs, then gave up and kept rapidly fanning her thighs as she couldn't cross them.

(Frustrated sighhh) “Well I disagree on that too, cause like, even with Thanksgiving and family and everything, there’s still lots of consumerism.” she said, as her thighs kept moving, the couple inches of her luscious caramel skin jiggling just below the short hemline of her dress. Please God, let me see this girl’s panties again, I silently prayed as I watched Laury’s rapidly scissoring thighs like a hawk. “Like, when else does anyone buy and consume so much food? and like wine and stuff?” Laury said, (bounce bounce bounce of her sexy teen legs)

“That’s not the point.” said Cassie said. “With food, you’re supposed to consume it, and it’s about being together and dining together as a family.”

Laury’s quickly fanning thighs caused her legs once more to bump into mine, at which point she stopped fanning her legs and held them tightly together as she transitioned her motion to bouncing subtly, but rapidly, up and down in her seat. She just could not sit still at all, not for a second, and her body was clearly fighting to hold in the rather large quantity of coffee and water that she been consuming all morning long.

“Okay” (shifting in her seat again, trying to cross her legs, unable to, uncrossing them, bouncing them up and down, shifting to the front of her seat, bouncing legs held tightly together. “Okay well but do people really go all out and eat the way they do during the rest of the year when it’s not like, Thanksgiving though?” Laury asked, her voice started to sound a bit short and curt, her sentences making a little less sense now, as though her pee-brained mind was struggling to formulate thoughts pertinent with the current argument. Whenever the radio’s Christmas carols would end and die down, Laury seemed to become self conscious of the audibility of her elf shoes’ ringing bells, and did everything she could to drive down her seated pee-dancing for long enough for the next song to blast in in volume, at which point she apparently felt free again to jiggle and fidget her long sexy thighs, shoe bells ringing…

“Well yeah, but that’s what I’m arguing, that Thanksgiving is special.” said Cassie.

Laury at this point had her lips hanging open in a pouty looking way and her gaze was at this point locked out the front window of the car on the traffic before us as we crept along the city streets among hundreds and hundreds of holiday shoppers. A miniskirted sexy teen loaded coffee and water. What luck, I thought.

(sighs) “Yeah but you’re saying it like, like the specialness like voids the consumerism of Thanksgiving but like, not of Christmas.” said Laury, then finally interrupting her own thought it happened, she quickly leaned forward, letting out a loud sigh and said to my driving father in what almost sounded like a conspiratorial whisper, but was loud enough for the whole car to hear,

“I’m sorry, could we like stop for a restroom somewhere?” she let out an awkward, silly laugh, “It’s just” her teen thighs fanning in and out a couple times “all that morning coffee, I just- (quick sigh) I really need to pee somewhere.” Laury said as she sat bolt upright at the very edge of her seat now, her eyes scanning the streets for some establishment she might pop into, given the chance.

“God, tell me about it.” my mother said. “Ugh, we should have peed at the house.” my mom said with a laugh, apparently announcing that she too, needed a ladies room. For those of you interested, my mom was in her early forties at this time, and she always heavily resembled a quite sexy version of American actress Kathryn Hann, in case you’d like a visual representation of my mother.

As soon as these two had announced their need, I felt my dick throb tightly in my pants. My arrousal had been steadily growing from watching Laury’s frantic thighs fidget and bounce for the past twenty minutes, knowing how much liquids she’d had that morning, but the actual sheer explicit announcement she made, including the words, “I really need to pee somewhere.” coupled with my stepmom’s, “Ugh, we should have peed at the house” was unbelievably sexy. It was one thing when a girl announced that she needed a restroom, but it was an entirely different level of sexy when they actually explicitly used words like “pee” and “peed.” It was just so hot.

It brought my mind immediately to try to conjure up the mental images of each of these two distinctly different females’ vaginas getting the chance to let loose and release their respective torrents of pent up urine. My stepmom Susan, the Kathryn Hann lookalike, had a nice big round butt encased in “mom-jeans” that day. Susan wasn’t squirming in her seat, but had just lamented not peeing back at the house…

TO BE CONTINUED!

LIKE MY WRITING? COMMISSION ME! CONTACT!

*001*2021-12-02 00:38

WHO WANTS PART 2?

*004*2021-12-02 15:39

PART 2

After my mom’s comment, no one seemed to show any further concern for Laury’s bodily plight, as my dad just determinately drove to the airport to pick up his mother in law Sherry, as had been planned. My buddy Arnold in the back however, nudged me silently on my shoulder without anybody else noticing, and when I turned back to look at him, he just eyed Laury shifting and bouncing in front of him with a mischievous smile, before licking his lips like a frat boy. Was he just “commenting” on Laury’s general hotness, or did he also find it hot that she needed to pee and was in this way, coming out with his own pee fetish? I didn’t know it at the time, as Harold and I had never discussed it openly, but I began to wonder if Harold also had a thing for girls who needed to pee, like I did.

When we pulled up outside the airport however, Laury wasted no time. No sooner had the car begun to slow to a crawl and pull up beside the concrete curb outside the airport then she had already released her seatbelt and was busy reaching across my sister’s lap to the door handle saying,

“I’m just gonna run in here real quick and use the ladies room.”

“They’re not gonna let you.” my father said to her firmly, turning to meet her worried looking gaze in the backseat. “You’ll have to go through airport security just to get to the restrooms on the other side.”

“(sighs) Seriously?” Laury said in a whiny tone.

“Yeah seriously, just wait til we get downtown. We’re going there now.” said my father.

“I have to go too, if it’s any consolation.” my mother laughed from the front seat.

Laury just sighed again, her facial expression looking quite annoyed.

“Well where is she?” Laury asked, looking around impatiently while she continued to frantically bounce her thighs in her seat.

“She’ll be here any second.” said my dad.

Laury sighed again and just sat back in her seat in resignation, crossing her sexy legs under her minidress.

“There she is.” my mother announced pointing to Sherry pulling her wheeled suitcase down the concrete walkway towards our car with a big wave and a big toothy smile.

“That’s your mom? And your grandma?” Harold said, touching Cassie’s shoulder from behind.

“Yeah sure is.” Susan said from the front seat with a wave to her mom. I looked back at Harold, he was a bit taken aback, seeing my grandma (or step-grandma?) Sherry as she strode confidently towards us, that day wearing a white fur coat over a dress that was tropically colored, looking fit neither for Thanksgiving nor for Christmas, looking more fit for a Bahamas vacation, or a long tropical cruise between the cayman islands. It is likely of value at this point to describe Sherry’s physical appearance for you, so that you might just better understand Harold’s slightly inappropriate visual reaction to my grandma.

You see, Sherry resembled Cheryl Hines, yes the blonde lady from Curb Your Enthusiasm, not only in her physical appearance but also in her very waspy, uptown girl, go-getter, no-nonsense attitude that she sported. Sherry was an older woman for sure, in her early sixties now, but had kept up her bodily exercise and discipline better even than my mother, for all of these years, in keeping with her business girl mindset and character. This is relevant only because it speaks volumes towards understanding the dynamic at play between my mom her and Sherry. Sherry had carved a career for herself through years and years of hard work on Wall Street, which was no easy accomplishment for a female at the time she’d really made her bones, and so had always carried with her an air of achievement which bled constantly into her pittying, looking down upon, patronizing, or flat out condescending people, and especially other females, who didn’t do as well as her, primarily her own daughter, Susan.

Susan had always been more of a “hippie type” her whole life, in stark contrast with her mother’s materialistic prowess, and this fissure had been the cause and subject of many mother-daughter heated exchanges over the years. Susan then married my dad, himself a successful lawyer, and had managed to improve her social and economic status through him, which pleased her mother, though she still couldn’t let her daughter live down just how much more she had the potential to do with her own life, if ever she would drop the “hippie existentialist stuff” and “apply herself to a career, not just a marriage”. They had managed to drown this debate down for the holidays over the past few years, but they were vastly different from one another in character, and there was noticeable tension in the air whenever Susan and Sherry were in the same proximity.

Like I said before, Sherry strode towards us looking, even for her cougar age, like a million bucks in her tight tropical dress and white fur coat, in contrast to my step moms shawl and “mom-jeans”, ever so casual, always the hippie. I mentioned that Sherry resembled Cheryl Hines, and with the dress she wore today, her long legs striding towards us, she looked a lot like Cheryl Hines character in the episode of her show Suburgatory in which Cheryl did a sexy little pole dance at a public event, showing her lovely rear in the process. Well my step grandma had a similarly sexy body, complimented by lots of tanning, yoga, exercise, skin lotion, you name it, Sherry was cougar, a Cheryl Hines lookalike that could hold her own in terms of looks even among her own daughter, twenty years younger…

When Sherry finally reached our car, and looked inside with a big wide smile, Laury next to me was quietly but urgently uttering to herself, “Oh come on come on come on…” as her little shoe bells jingling and her thighs bounced around frantically.

“Hi mom!” Susan said, rolling down her window. “We’re pretty packed, you’ll have to bring your bag to the backseat with you next to Harold back there, in the furthest row.” my mom said, pointing our Harold. Laury looked quite anxious the whole time Sherry took her time to smile and greet all of us and get her bearings as to where she’d be sitting in the minivan. When Cassie opened the slide door next to Sherry to let her in, Laury pointed to Sherry’s suitcase, nudging Cassie on the arm, urgently saying,

“Come on, grab her bag, help her, come on…” as her sole focus was on getting Sherry inside the car so we could leave, presumably so she could find a bathroom somewhere when we finally reached downtown to do some holiday shopping, as was the plan.

“I’m helping her” Cassie said as she grabbed the handle of Sherry’s luggage, pulling it in towards her and into the backseat next to Harold. Sherry quickly stepped inside the car and got into the back, Harold extending his hand to meet and greet her.

“Harold, pleased to meet you.” he said with a smile, taking in Sherry’s tanned swanlike shoulders as she proceeded to remove her fur white coat, showing her bare shoulders and the relatively low neckline of her tropically colored dress. Only the slightest amount of cougar cleavage, of tanned cougar tits, were revealed by Sherry’s tropical dress, and she only thought the boy was being polite as he took in the tropical colors of her garment, painted onto her toned cougar’s body.

“Pleased to meet you as well.” Sherry said, taking Harold’s hand. “Cassie, Alex, Susan, John, good to see you all again of course, thanks for coming to pick me up, and you must be…” here she addressed Laury, having never met her before today. Laury painfully but politely plastered a smile over her otherwise anxious looking face, her legs subtly trembling bouncing and flexing as she forced out a polite sounding,

“Hi, I’m Laury, Cassie’s friend.” before Cassie pulled the van’s door back shut and my dad pulled the car away from the airport. Laury never refastened her seatbelt, she likely forgot or simply didn’t care, she was so desperate for a piss.

The next twenty minutes were nothing but torture for poor Laury, as her sole focus was on the traffic before us and of course on not peeing where she sat. She really needed to go I could tell, and was doing all she could not to make too much of a production of her frantic, seated pee-dancing. Her eyes scanned each and every single store we passed by, a bookstore here, a candle shop there, a bank here, a post office and a UPS store there, just desperately hankering for any establishment where she might be able to pee, while my dad just continuously drove at a slow and steady pace with the ocean of holiday traffic, through the narrow city streets. Sherry was meanwhile regaling us with the tales of her latest financial forays, and how’d she’d been one of the only people her age to get “clued in” with the crypto market before it was too late.

Sherry was the one actually footing the bill of our holiday vacation, rental house and everything, and so we were happy to oblige her, for some time at least, while she praised her career and her latest accomplishments, and when I turned back to look at Harold in the backseat, I noticed him actually “check out” my granda, looking her up and down along her tropically decorated body, her slim, cougar figure. I found it just a little off putting that Harold was so openly attracted to my grandma, feeling that it had something of a slightly Harold and Maude feel to it, but decided to let it go mentally, as Harold was also a young man of twenty one years of age, myself, and after all, Sherry was a quite attractive woman for her age.

We finally managed to find parking, pretty deep in downtown, which we were all fairly celebratory of considering our main aim was to shop in the downtown square where all traffic had been cordoned off to make way for pedestrian shoppers, people on foot who wanted to go and peruse all of the different tents that had been set up for this special, holiday shopping excursion. Artisan scented candles, hand carved and painted wooden nut-crackers, jars of organic homemade honey, all sorts of venders and artisan craftsmen had set up little tents to sell their wares in the downtown square.

It was festive and lively and packed with hundreds of shoppers from around the city, and many, like us, who were from out of town, too. The area had gotten an early snow only several weeks prior, which had mostly melted out in the countryside but here in the city, since the skyscrapers shaded the downtown area from the slanted sun’s rays at this time in the late fall, lots of beautiful, fluffy white snow remained, blanketing everything and adding to the holiday atmosphere, the Christmas spirit hovering about the entire area like Narnia…

No sooner had we parked and Cassie had exited the car, then Laury flung out behind her with lightning speed. As soon as Laury’s feet touched the ground, she immediately started to do a subtle, walk-in-place, raising one elf shoe off of the snow a few inches before setting it down and raising the other leg, the little bells on on shoes subtly jingling. Laury’s legs weren't moving around so frantically now that she was out of the car and able to stand up straightly, but I alone noticed that she nearly always had one foot subtly lifters from the snowy ground a tad, looking almost as if she were stepping on hot coals or something, impossible for her to keep both feet planted at once. Further up her torso, Laury also had her arms crossed across her chest, her thin arms bare other than the frilly green lace cuffs at her shoulders.

Her facial expression looked a little more cheerful and far less anxious now that she was free of the car, and she was actually smiling as her big pretty Italian eyes took in the festive cheer of the downtown holiday shopping arrangements, happy and merry families walking to and fro as they sipped cups of hot apple cider. She couldn’t keep both feet planted, but boy did she have a pretty smile when her bratty side drifted away and the sweet-heart Italian countryside girl she was in a former lifetime bled through her modern aesthetic showing the madonna she was meant to be.

As she stood in the snow, she was entire shaded by a line of great big Birch trees, decorated by the city with Christmas ornaments in the shape of enormous shining red orbs, her arms were actually shivering in the cold temperatures of the shade, and as my eyes drifted down to her subtly lifting feet, adorned with her cute little elf shoes, I noticed that the cloth fabric of the shoes was actually darkening in color as the elf shoes gradually became damp with the snow beneath them. Stylish though they were, they were far from being practical, and again, this thin Italian teenaged beauty, the “hot girl” friend of my sisters’, just couldn’t keep both of her little elf shoes planted on the ground at once.

My eyes trailed up Laury’s subtly stepping legs, clad in her loud, festive red-and-white-striped leggings, the red and white rings orbiting her toned girly thighs in continuous concentric circles, all the way up, til the stockings suddenly stopped, revealing the cinnamon sprinkled on top of Laury’s candy-cane-delight legs, in the form of just the most precious three inches of bare, tan, Italian thigh, her womanly legs nude and shining out like toasted sugar on a lovely delicious caramel drink before her thighs inevitably disappeared beneath the hemline of her sexy little dress, hugging her torso in green, frilly, Christmas delight.

As cold as it was outside, especially since we were parked in the shade, I realized that as silly a decision is was to wear a minidress in the cold like Laury was currently wearing, she must surely have felt thankful currently to have worn the stockings that ran the entire length of her subtly pee-dancing legs, the nude part of her upper thighs being the only few inches fully and nakedly exposed to the cold temperatures. Laruy smiled looking out at all the Christmas lights and the shopping, her crossed arms shivering, before she did a little curtsy on the spot (whether from the cold or from the need to pee or both) before turning and facing the rest of us in anxious expectation.

How long were we all going to stand here getting out of the car? Laury just kept lifting her shoes subtly from the snow and I saw goosebumps appear on her shivering, thin arms as she let out a shaky, shivery breath through tightly pursed lips. A strand of hair hell down across her forehead and in front of her face for a moment, but Laury quickly blew the strand of hair back over her head as she again turned and faced all the shopping and her slowly dampening little elf shoes made a candy-cane diorama out of her never-standing-still legs.

She needed to pee, but didn’t want to draw too much attention to herself until we were all out of the car. My dad, letting the traffic pass by, finally opened the driver’s side door and looked both ways as he shut the door and stepped through the snowy road around the car to meet us, as just then Sherry and Harold stepped out of the car from the back seat at last and Cassie did the honor of sliding the big mini van door shut, as my did clicked it locked with the remote control car key. Beep beep!

“Okay, where are we going?” Laury was the first to speak, and spoke with rapid, anxious pace, as she walked in place, in spite of the relatively cheery smile she was wearing.

“Hey, why such a hurry, can we get acclimated?” Sherry said as she was looking around now at all the lights, the families the joyous holiday atmosphere…

Sherry again let out an awkward, breathless little laugh and forced a smile on her blushing face as she stepped a couple feet closer to my grandma on legs that couldn’t stop moving. She was less covert about her constant walking-in-place now, seeming to sense that she couldn't entirely hide her (not so) subtle pee-dancing now that everyone’s eyes were on her, but that, feeling (not totally) unashamed of her bodily need, she just smiled a congenial smile at Sherry as she tried to catch her gaze, so that she could communicate her next thought, which she did on prancing legs as until she finally caught Sherry’s gaze with her pretty Italian eyes and let out a breathless, precious,

“It’s just” feet stepping up and down, arms crossed, cheeks blushing profusely as her eyes flicked around and saw us all watching her, ” I really need to go to the bathroom. It’s just-“ her gaze staring off at the stops in the distance, yearningly, “can we just go?” Her body rocking back and forth in her little green dress and tight candy cane leggings, “I need to go.” she said anxiously, but still, perhaps wanting to appear polite in front of the grown ups, she couldn’t actually bring herself to just leave our party and walk away to find a so desperately needed restroom.

“We’re all going that way, let’s just go. I have to pee too.” my mother Susan offered. Harold’s eyes were glued to Laury’s sexy legs, and as I watched his face, it seemed his cheeks also turned a shade of red, and his eyes also had the lightheaded stare of someone whose blood is gradually leaving their brain to fill up another head further south, and as I looked, Harold briefly touched the front of his pants near his crotch as his mesmerized gaze fixated on Laury’s legs, her subtle pee-dancing. her resultless feet growing damp and inevitably growing cold inside her little elf shoes. Harold was clearly turned on, and with a sexy fox like Laury, pee-dancing in the snow in front of him, it was hard to blame him for the slowly swelling member, currently growing in his pants.

Sherry also seemed to fixate momentarily on Laury as she suddenly decided to chime in with her own two cents on the matter of grown women holding their pee for extended periods of time, as laughed a casual laugh with a smile as she said,

“You’re generations think you ladies can just declare you need to pee and the world has to heed your call.” Sherry said. “Let me tell you something, try being the only lady in a four hour board meeting with iron bladdered men, none of them apparently having to pee until the one girl” she raised her hand saying this “finally announces she really cant hold it anymore and needs a break, and then what do you know suddenly four guys stand up and make a B line for the restroom, but all of them were too macho to say anything until the girl did first.” Sherry said with a congenial laugh as we all slowly walked towards the downtown square, the hub of activity.

“And don’t get me started on our meeting we had with a client on his fishing boat, that was pretty off-the-books if you know what I mean, the men all peed off the side of the boat while I just had to hold it the whole two hours, I was really straining, but did I show it? Absolutely not? Who do those guys think they are anyway, peeing before a lady?” Sherry said. Her fur coat standing out proudly in the city lights, her toned body tightly encased in her colorful tight dress, my cougar of a grandma Sherry just brought an aura of lighting up the whole room into any space that she stepped into, and this downtown shopping area was no exception.

“Okay, I need a bathroom.” Laury said as we finally made it to where all the tents were. The area was extremely packed now with crowds and crowds of people passing by all around us in different directions, and it was nearly difficult to continue to see each other, all of us in our party, as pedestrians passed by in the chaotic cacophony of the shopping spree. Laury looked to us for answers, it seemed, but suddenly she blushed, and just said to us, “hughhh, I’m gonna go into Starbucks, I’ll be back…” those final three words trailing off into nothingness as she quickly rushed away from us through the crowd, the little bells on her dampening shoes ringing out with urgency. I saw Harold’s eyes watching her until she disappeared entirely.

My eyes caught Cassie for a moment, my thick, sexy step sister, in her tight orange stockings that trailed up her thighs as high as Laury’s did before disappearing beneath he hemline of her cornucopia adorned mini dress, this Thanksgiving looking princess, Cassie. As I watched Cassie, I noticed that she was also balancing her weight on one foot, then the other, then finally the first foot again… Did she need to pee too? She had drank as much as her friend had, but she hadn’t made any mention of needing to pee yet, in spite of Laury’s loud and repeated proclamations.

TO BE CONTINUED! LIKE MY WORK? COMMISSION ME!

*005*2021-12-02 20:13

But should there be a part 3?

