Горячая взрывная девушка в костюме эльфа Санты!

Автор: Бренман [m] (f)

*013*2021-12-03 18:58

PART 5: FINAL CHAPTER

Several minutes later, we finally pulled up to the rental house, the soft glow of some of the lamps lit up inside.

“Home sweet home!” my father said.

“Not a minute too soon.” replied my mother. Judy let out a long sigh, seeing the house come into view, and I turned to once again see her knees bouncing subtly but quickly where she sat, Sherry adjusting in her seat as she gazed out at the house as well. As soon as the car pulled to a stop in the driveway, we were all out of the car and approaching the front door. As my dad opened his door, pocket change fell from his trousers down onto the snow. “Shucks” he said as he knelt down to the ground and scanned the snow with this eyes, searching for metallic coins. My mother meanwhile was lightly jogging up to the house, Judy following quickly behind her. Sherry got out of the car, followed by the four of “us kids”, as we trekked through the snow up to the front porch of the house. My mother was frustratingly fiddling with the locked door knob.

“Where’s the key, John? What are you doing?” she called out to her husband, kneeling and searching for fallen pocket change in the snowy driveway.

“I’m coming!” he said, stopping his coin search, standing and approaching the front door.

Judy was next to the window of the living room, looking in. “Looks like a pretty nice place.” she said, and I noticed Judy’s legs bent forward together, locked in place, a desperate-to-pee stance.

“Oh, I just wanna get in and use the bathroom.” my mother said longingly, watching my father approach the porch. “I sound like Laury, now.” my mom quietly said with a sheepish smile.

Meanwhile, the four of “us kids” were all sort of standing together in the snow, and looking at Cassie, I could see she had her legs held tightly together under her little mini dress, and she had a strange look in her eyes almost like her eyes wanted to pop out of her skull, something was definitely up with her, I thought to myself, even to the extent that she was all but ignoring Laury, who was clearly still feeling humiliated, having just pee before all of us when we were so close to the house. She was just sorting padding around the snow alone a few feet away from us, staring down at her feet in resignation. I went up to her and lightly reached out and touched her elbow a moment, but she recoiled turning away from me, clearly wanting to be alone at the moment. Meanwhile, back at the porch, my dad was confusedly fumbling around in his back pocket with a look of confusion and concern.

“Where’s the key, John?” my mom said.

“I must have dropped it when I dropped my change.” he said. At this, I noticed that even Sherry began to lift her foot off the ground, setting it back down, lifting the other, as she sighed in frustration watching my father walk back out to the car. He knelt back down to the snow. Judy let a long irritated sounding sigh as she began to pace the porch, bouncing a little like a bunny rabbit on bent knees whenever she stopped walking. My mom touched her crotch and held herself a few seconds, Sherry looking down at her daughter’s hand, snapping,

“Susan! Remove your hand right now! Have some dignity!” Sherry said.

“I need that bathroom, mom, that’s all.” my mom said as she reluctantly pulled her hand away from her pants as she was told.

“Okay, well I’m going to wait in the car where it’s warm.” opined Cassie suddenly, as she made her way back to the van.

“Me too.” said Harold, following her.

My father was still searching the snow for the key, the three older women pacing the porch impatiently as they watched him. I saw that Judy was looking out at the snowy back yard, at the dark trees beyond it, as if contemplating peeing outside like Laury had. Had she been alone, maybe, but before Sherry and the rest of us, this shy little British lady wouldn't dare.

“I could really use a loo, I haven’t gone all day.” Judy said.

Sherry sighed, for the first time all night showing solidarity with the remark, “Ughh, me neither, why didn’t I pee at the goddamn airport?” she asked herself rhetorically as she paced the porch.

“What happened to all that self control, mom?” Susan asked Sherry, watching her mother step from foot to foot. Sherry just sighed and looked out to my dad still kneeling in the driveway.

“God, I swear to God I’ll pee in the snow.” my mom said, looking out at the snowy back yard like Judy just had. Finally my dad located the key, shouting,

“Got it!” as he raised the key in the air in his hand and returned to the front door. He unlocked the door, and Susan was the first to rush inside. Having been there earlier, she knew where the restrooms were located already, the house containing three restrooms, a master bathroom attached to the master bedroom where my mother was lightly running now. Judy called out to my mom as she ran down the hall, leaving poor Judy behind in the foyer,

“Susan, where’s the loo?”

“There’s one over there!” my mom yelled out meaninglessly as she trotted away quickly, disappearing around a corner in the hall. I entered the house and saw Judy exasperatedly looking a doorway, revealing a broom closet inside, no toilet. Sherry’s heels clacked as she walked down the hall, also searching for the bathroom, apparently deciding that her luggage could wait ti after she peed.

“Where’s the loo love?” Judy politely asked me with a breathless smile plastered on her face. Sherry turned and watched from the hall, anxiously awaiting my response.

“There’s just a couple like attached to the bedrooms.” I replied, referring to the way that of the four bedrooms, there were two bathrooms located between the two bedrooms, but that could only be accessed through the bedrooms themselves, with no doors to the hallway from the restrooms. I don’t think Judy understood, but as I was about to explain further, I saw that Sherry figured it out and rushed through one of the bedrooms, locating the bathroom door inside and rushing in, closing the door behind her.

“There.” I said pointing where Sherry had just ran. “Like inside the bedrooms, between them.” Judy looked over and impatiently, desperately paced outside where Sherry was, as the muffled sound of Sherry’s thick, powerful stream began from inside the restroom. “Ohhh!” Sherry moaned quickly in relief, the sound of her hard pissing actually causing Judy to put on hand on her forehead in distress as her pacing and circling continued, the other hand holding herself between the legs now tightly. I could have directed her to the other restroom, but cruely, I left my mom’s little British friend there, pacing desperately outside the restroom where Sherry prolongedly emptied her very full bladder, her streaming sound showing no signs of slowing anytime soon. Laury meanwhile made her way down the hall in the direction of her bedroom.

I generally followed stepping into my bedroom, tossing my jacket on the floor as I stepped inside the bathroom from my bedroom. The other door inside the restroom was the door to Laury’s room, but was firmly shut. I thought of knocking on her door, maybe if I showed enough solidarity for her in her time of shame, which she really shouldn't be feeling, maybe I would at least get to kiss this sexy girl, maybe. On the hunch, I decided to brush my teeth, to freshen up my breath for a potential (and hopeful) make out session with her.

I applied a line of toothpaste to my toothbrush, inserted the plastic apparatus into my mouth, and started brushing hard. Just then, I was interrupted to my right when I turned and saw, Judy pulling her skirt down at her sides as she huffed and puffed breathlessly, running into the bathroom where I stood. She looked up and stopped at once, looking at my in surprise, not expecting me to be in here. I just looked at her as I brushed my teeth vigorously. She glanced at the toilet a moment, then looked at me, breathing hard as she let go of the sides of her skirt, stepping form foot to foot, bringing her knees up high in the air now as she stood there. She looked at me with pleading eyes and put her hands together quickly in like a quick, “praying” motion as she implored me,

“Please. I haven’t peed all day. Please.” was all she said, as she feverishly pee-danced right there where she stood, just a few feet away from me. I politely got out of the way and exited the bathroom as she rushed by me. I heard the lightning action of her pulling and skirt down and planting her bottom on the toilet seat before I was even fully out of the restroom. At once, poor Judy was peeing hard into the toilet bowl, the porcelain high pitched hissing of her stream revealing the power with which this shy little Brit pissed. “Ohhhhhhhh, oh God….” Judy moaned as she peed. I was in my bedroom now, the tooth brush still in my mouth, the door still partly ajar as I hadn’t even closed it behind me when I politely decided to step away from the bathroom towards the interior of my bedroom to give Judy some space.

Judy was peeing “like a horse” as Laury might have said, into the toilet bowl beneath her, moaning with the utter relief of finally getting to relieve herself. I touched my dick through my pants, feeling myself grow hard again at the sexy sounds of Judy’s breathy moans and hard liquid hissing sound. I had always known Judy as one of my mother’s very polite friends, and this fact somehow increased the arousal factor at hearing the cute lady pee and pee and pee through the open doorway, just feet away from me. When her stream finally died down and ultimately stopped, I heard her rip a couple squares of toilet paper, before wiping herself and flushing the commode with a final “Oh, that’s better…” She then turned on the sink and washed her hands, before exiting the restroom, seeming not to notice or care that the door had never been fully shut.

“Sorry about that, I was really bursting.” she said to my with hot blushing cheeks and a meek smile as she stepped outside of the small restroom and saw me with my toothbrush still in my mouth. I loved the choice of the British term “really bursting” and her cute accent when she said it.

“It’s okay, no problem.” was all I could stammer, hoping this woman wouldn’t suddenly glance down and notice the bulge growing in my pants. She didn’t and instead left the room. I re entered the bathroom and finished brushing my teeth. The door to Laury’s bedroom was right there next to me. I thought of knocking and announcing myself, but decided to go and do so from the door to her room from the hallway, feeling this to be somehow more appropriate. I exited my room, approached Laury’s door from the hall and stopped, I was just about to knock, when I heard,

“Oh Alex?! Could you be a doll and come here?!” I sighed and walked down the hall, searching for what sounded like Sherry’s voice. But where from? Finally I located Sherry standing confidently in nothing but her bra and panties standing outside on the porch next to a bubbling, hot tub, my parents and Judy slowly removing their garments next to her.

“Hey son! Hot tub? None of us brought swimsuits but fuck it, right?” my dad said. I looked back at Sherry a moment, WOW, I thought. her body was actually pretty hot, looked younger than her face, and it seemed as though she caught me check her out once but didn’t care, she worked out so that people would check her out, and after all, I wasn’t actually her blood grand son by any means. Her body was tight, looked a lot like porn star Brandi Love’s gorgeous body. “Could you be a doll and go out and fetch my luggage from the car?” she asked me, winking at me as she did.

“And where are Cassie and Harold by the way? Did we leave them in the car still? Do they not know we got inside the house?” asked my dad.

“I’ll check” I said, as I made my way off the side porch and back inside the house in the direction of the front door, glancing for a moment down the hall to Laury’s bedroom door as I reached down and touched my dick once through the front of my pants. I reached the foyer and exited the house, making my way to the van in the distant driveway several meters ahead of me in the dark, snowy night. I stopped at once, hearing something. I slowly continued to approach the van which I saw was rocking back and forth, and was about to call out when I suddenly heard Harold’s voice say,

“So you like you wait to pee until you’ve leaked cause it turns you on, huh? Gross fucking bitch…” followed by rhythmic grunting and the light shaking of the mini van. What the fuck was going on here? I asked myself.

I slowly crept towards the van, and started to tip toe around it slowly, when I heard Harold continue,

“and you didn’t know that would turn me on?” Harold grunted between heaving breathing. I reached the van and tip toed slowly and quietly around it now. I was confronted with a sight that I swear will never leave my mind. As I crept around the van, I witnessed, Harold, his pants around his knees, standing firmly in the snow behind my sister Cassie, with her skirt raised around her waist and her panties torn clear of her pussy which currently had Harold’s hard cock inside her, pounding away as he gripped Cassie’s hair from behind. That’s right, my buddy Harold was literally pounding my step sister Cassie doggy style standing up, their feet firmly planted in the glowing white snow.

Cassie held her hands on the mini van for support, and her facial expression was that heady, sexual-arousal-cocktail of agony mixed with delight. My twenty one year old buddy fucking the life out of my fat assed nineteen year old sexy step sister Cassie in her Thansgiving mini dress. “Please… don’t stop. Don't stop I’m almost there….” Cassie whined in ecstasy as Harold pounded her pussy furiously. The two didn’t know I was there, and I felt my cock growing hard and heavy as I watched my sister fuck. After a few more seconds, I saw Cassie’s legs begin to vibrate, then, dear reader, her knees buckled and she hunched forward as her right hand flung and circled her pussy rapidly as she pulled herself quickly off of Harold’s cock, screaming,

“Oh Fuck I’M CUMMING AND I’M PEEING AND I’M CUMMING AND I’M PEEING AND I’M CUMMING AND I’M PEEING!” Cassie screamed out as her body released an absolute Niagara falls of hot yellow urine that painted the snow below her like a yellow and white Jackson Pollock painting. Harold quickly grabbed his hard cock and shot hit load all over my sister’s fat ass at this very moment, though she couldn’t have even noticed, she was lost in a different, orgasmic universe at the moment. I quickly ducked away, realizing that they were soon to return to their senses now that they'd achieved sexual release, and weren’t far from realizing I was nearby in their return to consciousness.

I got back to the house, and approached the side porch where the adults were all standing in their underwear, waiting for the hot tub to get hot still, apparently. Sherry suddenly, quite rudely I might add, spoke out, seeing my mother’s ass in her panties, saying,

“My god, Susy! You’ve got a wet spot! You leaked!” looking down at a large, silver dollar sized yellow patch on my mother’s panties where my mom had inevitably leaked a bit while holding a full bladder earlier. My mother blushed, slapped her mom’s arm in anger.

“Mom, shut up! You’re unbelievable.” she said.

“Well me and Judy didnt’ leak, look at us, we’re clean!” she said, gesturing to Judy’s and her own unblemished panties. The bubbly surface of the water steaming now, my father was the first into the hot tub as the women followed him, stepping inside sitting down. I stepped outside and approached them all.

“Harold and Cassie are coming.” I said, then snickered for a second to myself at the unintentional pun, when I’d only meant to be vague.

“You grabbed my bag?” Sherry asked me, looking up, holding her glass of wine.

“Yeah it’s in your room.” I said, lying. What else could I say?

I went back inside and decided finally to approach Laury’s door and knock. I walked over and knocked on her door a couple of times, no response, only silence. “Laury?” I said quietly. Nothing. I walked away, crestfallen with defeat. I went back outside to the sideporch, taking my shirt off, deciding to join the adults in the hot tub. As I did, I swore I saw Judy checking out my abdominal muscles, I swore she did (did she?).

For about an hour we drank wine together in the hot tub, Harold and Cassie joining us about five minutes after I did. No one said anything about their mutual absence, and anyway, I don’t think any one thought anything in particular about their whereabouts anyway. Only I knew their dirty deed, and was looking forward to admiring my sister’s Jackson Pollock in the morning light. In return, for getting to view her pissy masterpiece, I would politely brush it over with snow with my feet so that no one else thought anything, I told myself. I would do that for Cassie and Harold because I loved them.

After a long while we all went inside and dried off, seeming to retire to our bedrooms for the night. My parents had drank plenty of wine and were now playful kissing each other as they made their way to the master bedroom. The benefits of marriage, constant sex. I thought naively. I was still fairly turned on, in spite of the depressing feeling of not “getting any” from Laury, when I thought, maybe, just maybe, I had a chance somehow. Still after about thirty minutes of frustrated masturbation, achieving no release, I sighed in anger and left my room, making my way to the kitchen for another glass of wine. The house was dark, the hall quiet. When I turned into the kitchen, there was Sherry, pouring herself another glass of wine, still in her underwear, but now covered in a silk robe. She turned, seeing me enter from the corner of her eye.

“Oh hey Alex? What you need some more? she said, holding up the white wine bottle, seeing the empty glass in my hand.

“Yeah, was all I could say.” as my eyes flicked down to her breasts covered by the thin silky robe, no bra underneath now, Sherry’s pokey nipples showing through the fabric. Her hand drunkenly poured me a glass of wine, and she stood balanced against the kitchen counter, looking rather tipsy actually, too much wine. I approached her, and just as I reached her, her eyes rather rudely focused on my dick pushing out my pants in front of me. At this, Sherry actually reached down and touched herself lightly on her panties at her crotch!

“Pshht, back in my day we knew how to take care of ourselves quickly.” Sherry said to me with a smile.

“I, I beg your pardon?” I stammered, not quite fully understanding, or believing, what I was seeing and hearing. Sherry smiled. She set her glass of wine on the counter beside her, and squatted down to the floor. She pulled my pants down and without warning took my hard penis into her mouth, Sherry! My stepmom’s mom! She gargled and slurped and sucked an sucked and sucked my hard cock like the sassy old cougar that she was. This couldn’t be happening, this old sexy bitch didn’t just get to boss her way around all the time and get this, without having to have some regard for her actions! Who did she think she was? I knew right then and there, that while I was going to get my satisfaction for sure, I wasn’t just going to let her vanquish me this easily. No way in hell. What kind of a weakling would that have made me? Not gonna happen, I thought. I yanked her head by her hair off of my cock,

“Stand up!” I yelled at her quietly under my breath. She had a confused, concerned look in her eyes as she stood, facing me, searching my eyes for some clue. I simply grabbed her body by her waist and directed her to turn around. She did, and I pushed her back down lightly, she understood, bending over in front of me, supporting herself on her elbow on the kitchen counter in front of her while with her free hand she reached back and pulled her panties out of the way… I slid my hard member into the old cougar’s vagina, he sweet, wet, warm womanly pussy taking in my whole hard member.

“Yes” she uttered quietly as I entered her. I fucked her. I fucked her quietly, quickly, savoring every second that I got to feel Sherry’s pussy engulfing my cock as I thrusted and thrusted and pumped and pumped her cougar pussy from behind, in dark quiet kitchen.

“Give it like a girl needs it! Fuck me!” she grunted hard, trying to muffle the volume of her sexy, aggressive words. I reached around and cupped her breasts in my hands as my penis thrusted in and out of my step-grandma rapidly, finally getting some sexual relief. Pussy just felt so so so much better than jerking off, and I didn’t care who this lady was. If she didn’t care than neither would I. Just as my grandma was about to reach climax, we heard,

“Everything alright?” and turned to see a mortified looking Judy, standing in the dark hallway doorway, her hand suddenly flinging up to cover her mouth, her eyes looking truly shocked and embarrassed. “I’m sorry, I thought I heard something.” Judy said, standing there in shock.

“Can we have some fucking privacy?” Sherry grunted with demonic anger, as just then, “Ahhhh AHHHHHHHHH…..” Sherry’s body rocked and shuddered HARD as she orgasmed on my cock, rubbing herself as she did so. The last thing I saw was a mortified looking Judy turning quickly back down the dark hall, returning to her room. I did something then that I had never gotten to do before. Knowing her age, I decided right then and there, not to pull out at all, and got to experience the irreplaceable feeling of getting to pump my whole load, inside a woman, not bothering to pull out, not slowing my humping either as I smashed my pelvis over and over and over again against Sherry’s nice ass as I blasted my full load inside her.

My hands clawed her breasts tightly as I orgasmed inside her. She knew fully what was happening, saying a breathy, “Yeah, give it to me, baby, give it all up…” as I pumped and pumped my load inside her. When we were done, she retrieved her glass of white wine from the counter and pulled her panties back into place. She gave me a playful little slap on the cheek, saying, “naughty boy”. Before she made her way back to her room. I’d finally gotten to cum, releasing sexual tension that had been building all day since I saw sexy Laury’s up skirted pussy in her thong that morning. Still, I felt highly embarrassed about our little surprise encounter with Judy. As I passed Judy’s room in the hall however, I heard her crying from inside her room. Feeling bad, I entered, her room was dark, but the attached bathroom lit up, Judy apparently crying inside. I stepped inside,

“Judy, look…” I said, but was met with a sight I truly was not expecting. Judy was blissfully moaning and masturbating, sitting naked on the toilet. Upon seeing me enter, she immediately stopped what she was doing, her eyes widening quickly in surprise, shock, and shame as she quickly brought her legs together, hiding her pussy as she brought her hand away from it, covering her breasts with her arms as she sat there in shock, naked on the toilet.

“Oh my god Im sorry!” I yelled and exited. I stood for a moment outside her bathroom door in silence, not knowing AT ALL what to do next. I’d just seen my mother’s friend frustratedly masturbating on the toilet! What the hell to do now? Do I knock and apologize? Are we just “even” now since she’d seen me fucking Sherry five minutes ago? Do I just walk away and never acknowledge this again?! Before I could decide on my next move, I heard Judy crying for real this time from inside the bathroom, and before I knew it, the bathroom door opened up and Judy stepped out, almost running into me in the darkness of her room. Crying in shame now, she didn’t even care that she was naked and made no move to cover herself as she stepped naked by me through her dark room, saying through her tears,

“Oh God, Alex, I’m so ashamed. I’m so sorry…” she said through tears as she stepped up to her bed, pausing next to it, facing away from me. Though I felt bad for her, I’d never seen Judy naked before EVER! and didn’t think I ever would. I took a moment to trail down her nude back with my eyes while she was facing away from me, her round plump butt looking sexier than I ever would have imagined. Still, I felt totally and completely terrible for my mother’s crying friend.

“Judy, it’s really not a big deal. I’m ashamed you saw me, us, I guess.” I said this to her in near whispers as I slowly stepped up behind her. She burst out crying once more. “Stop crying, Judy, there’s no reason for it.” I said, not sounding totally convincing, but sounding sympathetic for sure.

“Alex, it’s just…Alex… I’ve been alone for so long…” she said between tears.

“What’s that?” I asked, not knowing fully what she meant.

“I haven’t been with a man for nearly three years. (sobs) I haven’t been touched in so long, Alex…” Judy said. Oh, I thought, ummmmmm, okay?

“Hey Judy…” I said. Still she held her hands over her eyes crying. I stepped up behind her closer now, her gorgeous butt just inches in front of me.

“I’m sorry, it’s just been such a long time, and then when I saw you, oh god I’m sorry…” she said, crying once again.

“Judy…” I said, but she just kept weeping. Finally I reached out, grabbed one of her hands and pulled it away from her eyes, she turned around, still nude, still teary eyed saying,

“Look you don't have to…” then suddenly her eyes widened with shock, as she realized at once, that I had brought her hand down to my crotch level and placed it on my hardened cock. She pulled her hand away quickly, looking into my eyes with a shocked expression.

“Alex, no! Please! I’m twice your age!” she whispered in shock.

“Sherry’s older.” I said, grabbing her feminine hand once again, replacing it on my hard dick. She didn’t pull her hand away this time.

“Alex please stop, I can’t do this…” she said, as her hand, apparently disagreeing with her words, started to pleasantly stroke my hard cock where she stood, “…Do you know how long I’ve know your mother?” she asked, her hand still stroking my hard penis, our eyes locked with each other’s, neither one daring to look down at what was going on down there. I reached forward and fingered her pussy with my own hand, her entire pelvic area still soaking wet from her masturbating several minutes earlier. Her eyes rolled back in her head at my touch to her womanhood, as I slid a couple fingers inside her and located her little clit.

“Alex please, do you know how long I’ve know you? You were just a little boy…” she said,her words trailing off. Suddenly she stopped, and hopped up onto her bed, saying, “Alex, please…” and just when I thought our fun might be over, she spread her legs wide out beside her as she lay on her back and looked me longingly in the eyes. “Alex, please…” Judy moaned once more, seeming lost in another ecstatic state of limbo, of expectation. I climbed on the bed over her, “Please what, baby?” I asked in sultry whispery tones as I slid my hard penis inside of her soaking wet, inviting pussy, her eyes widening with my entrance. She brought her arms around my neck, pulling me down towards her gently. “Alex, please, please make me fucking cum.” she said, before I got to work on her gorgeous body.

We made sweet magical love for an hour and thirty minutes. I got to cum again as well as bringing sweet Judy to climax three times! She thanked me and thanked me and insisted to me how badly she really needed this, before just as adamantly insisting that I return to my own room for the night, lest we be caught, when I just wanted to sleep with her.

The next day we went shopping again in the morning, the women feeling that their shopping excursion had been cut short the night before. I brushed away my sister’s pissy mess in the driveway after admiring her range and design for a long moment.

Thanksgiving dinner came, and we all feasted in delight together. Laury’s sprits seemed to have returned to her, and she seemed to have gotten over her embarrassment at pissing in the street yesterday. Neither Judy, nor Sherry acknowledged anything special or unusual to each other or to me for the rest of the trip except for Judy giving me a wink and a smile at one moment when we bumped into each other in the kitchen. It was only as I was helping to wash the dishes after the big meal than I realized and reflected on the irony that Laury, my sister’s hot bitchy friend, was ultimately the only one who didn’t get laid on this Thanskgiving get together.

What a world we live in…

THE END

ENJOY MY WRITING? COMMISSION ME! CONTACT!

*016*2021-12-04 05:17

{{4 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Why do you put sex scenes in some of your stories? just curious because it makes it hotter to read about the aftermath of somebody peeing after waiting a long period of time. also please tell us more about women seducing the main guy and how he responds to it.

}}

The sex scenes make for a good auto-erotic release of tension for the readers, I hope, a nice good wank. Tell you more about the women seducing the main guy and how he responds to it? Okay, sure, will do. The only one who seduced Alex here was Sherry, though.

*018*2021-12-04 14:07

{{7 hours ago, warham1995 said:

How many women has the main guy been seduced by in your stories?

}}

He's been like inadvertently seduced like 3 or 4 (maybe more) times. He's more just a voyeur luckily surrounded by sexy bursting women a lot.

