Lula's embarrassing secret - Page 12

Author: omobecca

*220*2021-02-05 02:37

Hi everyone :)

I finally have a direction for this chapter but it’s going to be a long one. Hopefully loads of drama and wettings. Maybe. Will have to wait and see. Also, slight self harm trigger warning? I think. Not major, or intentional on the character’s part, but still.

Hope everyone’s okay <3

The Surprise Reunion (Part 1)

Lula’s knees tensed as she stretched her legs. Her right foot flinched as the duvet slipped off her skin. She exhaled with a dry grunt. Her dried lips peeled slightly as she opened her mouth to yawn. Eurgh.

As she slumped her limbs back to the bed and turned to her right, Lula felt a cold, damp compress against her head. She scrunched her face and grunted again, pushing the pillow away resting her head on her arm. Clumps of her sodden hair stuck to her arm as she rested. A single, warm droplet wiggled it’s way through her hair before running slowly down her arm. Ughhhhh. So… fucking… hot.

Lula pushed up from her bed and sighed, stretching and yawning again. The towels she had put around the top of her bed had all been moved position during the night. All the fan was doing was forcing warm air towards her. This is stupid. She pulled at the closest towel and rubbed it over her face neck. She winced as the friction pulled at her hair. Throwing the towel to the end of the bed, Lula pulled back the covers. Her lavender bed sheet seemed to be okay. There were a few darker patches where she had sweat in the night but nothing major. She sighed.

The clinging feeling of sweat and clammy skin covered her body as she shifted out of bed. I gotta change all this soon it probably stinks. Or I could… I have the towels… nO. Jesus… no. Her phone read 10:08. Both parents would be at work. Nothing was happening until the afternoon. She considered falling back into bed but her bladder said otherwise. I could just…

Resisting the temptation to get into bed and pee in some folded towels, she didn’t want to have to explain another change of bedsheets in the last week. Admittedly, the last time was due to sweat. It was about four nights ago. Lula woke up early morning dripping wet. She hadn’t opened her window nor had her Mum bought her the fan yet. The pillow beneath her head had become saturated and she had left an almost human shaped patch on the bed where the sheets had absorbed her perspiration. Strangely, it wasn’t as embarrassing as wetting the bed; which she thought was weird as was essentially the same thing, but maybe because her parents were more accepting of the fact anyone sweats when they sleep but not everyone pees. She scoffed at the thought.

Biting at the peeled skin on her lips, Lula picked up the half full glass on her bedside table and downed what remained. Her throat strained as she gulped. As she finished the water she felt another spasm in her bladder. Okay… okay. She ran her palm between her legs and over her crotch. Her pyjama shorts had escaped mostly sweat free but her hand came away warm. She kicked a pile of clothes out the way as she walked out of her room, pulling the towel off the radiator. She paused and turned. Lula then picked up another pair or shorts and the first t-shirt she could find.

The morning sun shone brightly through the window to the bathroom. Lula winced as she walked in. The tiles were warm under her feet. Having now entered the bathroom she felt the full bloat of her bladder. Even though no one else was home she made sure to lock the door. Lula dropped the spare clothes and towel on the floor and hesitated. The pause didn’t last long. She groggily stepped into the bathtub and felt the cold puddles against her skin. It felt nice. She scrolled through Spotify whilst leaning on the edge of the bath with her right knee.

*You. Say. That I’m missing with your head*

*Yeah yeah, yeah yeah*

*All. Cause. I was making out with your friend*

Lula smiled as Avril Lavigne started playing, leaving the phone on the windowsill.

*Yeah yeah, yeah yeah*

*Love. Hurts. Whether it’s right or wrong*

*Yeah yeah, yeah yeah*

*I can’t. Stop. Cause I’m having too much fun*

As the music filled the room, Lula hugged at her waist and rubbed over her crotch. She raised her arms and stretched as high as she could. The stretch pulled at her abdomen which made her exhale hard.

*All my life I’ve been good but now.

I’iIiIiIiIim thinking what, the hell*

Lula smiled and closed her eyes, arms raised and bent over her face, as the pee started to trickle down her bare legs. She could feel the pressure of the stream build up in her knickers and flood outwards towards her thighs. The material of her pyjama shorts started to flutter then stick to her skin once wet. The slight patter on the bathtub turned into a constant splash. Lula could feel drops of backsplash as it pooled around her feet. Her breathing became heavier as she could feel the usual throb in her vagina.

With her eyes still closed, she dropped both hands to the outside of her shorts and clung to the material as they drenched with pee. She slid her right hand under the waistband and over her soaked knickers. Slowly, she ran the same hand under her knickers and clenched her fingers putting pressure on wherever they touched. Her middle finger entered her slightly, causing the pee stream to flow around the tip of the finger. She flinched and let out a deep, internal moan. She could feel her fingers getting sticky. A mix of clammy sweat and pee she imagined. Doesn’t matter. Shower soon.

As she continued to play, Lula frantically felt for the side of the bath behind her with her left hand. Once she grabbed the plastic, she let her legs go to jelly as she collapsed into the tub. All the skin under her legs and the drier part of her backside splashed into the puddle of pee. Uh. I don’t… it doesn’t… just… mmm.

She started to lay onto her back. The back of her vest top began to soak. She could feel the spread of the pee spread from her waist to between her shoulder blades. Th tub creaked with every movement. As she reached a climax, Lula raised her knees and arched her back. Her vest top felt heavy as it slapped back to the tub when she moved. She could feel a fresh wave of sweat trickle down her head. She could taste the saltiness in her mouth. Her cheeks felt blushed. Her nipples ached but in a good way. She always thought it felt ‘fizzy’. She liked it. She took her wet left hand and grabbed her left breast over her vest top.

Lula moaned. Loudly. Her mouth was stuck open. She winced her face. She could feel a rush of sensation spread around her crotch then implode outwards. She made an involuntary snort sound as she had no breath to make a sound. A new, warm wetness seemed to ooze around her fingers. She lowered her knees as she let her feet slip towards the end of the tub. Her thighs spasmed a few times. Eventually, Lula pulled her right hand from her knickers and opened her eyes. The deep blue of the sky outside the window filled her view. Without even looking, she wiped her sodden fingers on the outside of her knickers and then placed both hands on her stomach. The moment was coming to a close. All Lula felt now was hot, sticky, and definitely wet.

After some minutes of composure, Lula had turned the shower on. Given the heat she let it run cold. She sat back in the tub and let the water cascade onto her. She tensed up as the icy water pierced her skin. Sher vest top immediately clung to her chest and stomach. A gentle patter sounded as the cold water collected on her creased shorts. Lula inhaled deeply as her body shook. She felt her upper body go rigid and she tensed up with all her might. After a few considerable breaths she raised her knees and sunk hugged her thighs. Forcing her head into her knees, Lula started to well up.

The adrenaline and excitement had been washed away and the emotions came flooding back. She was finally meeting Rosie today. It had been so long. She was tired of staying indoors. Tired of online lessons. Tired of being at home alone all day. Tired of feeling like she was spiralling every day. She had come to admit to herself she needed someone. Someone to bounce off. Someone just… there. After such an eventful couple of months before the pandemic and now suddenly having to confine to her house she knew she was struggling. Would she tell Rosie later? Probably not. She’d stiffen her lips and play it cool like nothing was wrong.

Everyone’s going through this… not just me… selfish… it’s selfish to think it’s only me… everyone’s feeling… fucking… shit.

Lula felt herself pout as the tears warmed her eyes. She grasped her elbows tightly and squeezed. Her nails dug in slightly. She winced. Her cry turned into a gentle wail. The occasional vibrations of her phone couldn’t be heard over the crashing of the icy cold water.

~

Sakura: “I can’t believe they invited me tbh”

Rosie: “It’ll be fun to meet everyone again”

Sakura: “Well first time for me really”

Rosie: “I suppose. It’ll be okay. I’m sure everyone’s forgotten you punched Lauren in the face”

Sakura: “I don’t know if that’s sarcastic”

Rosie: “x)”

Sakura: “I’ll stay with you and Lula and see how it goes”

Rosie: “Sure that’s fine. There was some beef between our old friends ages ago so we’ll see how it goes”

Sakura: “Oh”

Rosie: “Yeah we’ll tell you on the day too much to say now lol”

Sakura: “Okay cool but you’re both going yeah?”

Rosie: “Well WE weren’t invited but we’ll come with you the popular cool new girl”

Sakura: “Haha okay see you later”

Rosie: “:p”

Rosie sighed. She was sat crossed legged on her bed wearing her a blanket like a snug cape. A bead of sweat dribbled down her forehead.

“Fuucckk” she moaned to herself wiping it away. She peered to her left to where she’d woken up a few minutes before. The sheet was creased with sweat. She closed her eyes and raised her eyebrows, shaking her head and exhaling.

“Whatever” she admitted, wiping her hands over her face and running her fingers through her fringe. She sat in silence for a while with her expression lifted by her hands. She leaned forwards and rested her elbows on her knees. After a few tense pulses down below, she felt her knickers dampen. She felt the warmth saturate the gusset and pool beneath her backside. The puddle spread beneath both cheeks and underneath her heels. She figured she’d sweat enough in the night to warrant a change of bedding. So why not?

Rosie felt the pressure in her stomach drain away as her bladder emptied on the bed. The pee seemed to stay puddled in the dip she sat in. The protective sheet underneath must have absorbed as much as it could. Rosie sighed again and leaned forward some more, grabbing the end of the bed. As she attempted to push herself up her hand slipped and she fell forwards. The shock of the fall caused her to splutter in surprise and frantically push off any part of the mattress she could find. Now on her hands and knees on her bed, breathing heavily, Rosie could feel dribbles of pee make their way down her long, midnight blue pyjama bottoms towards her knees. She carefully attempted to push herself up again.

As she stood atop her mattress she could see the pee pool beneath her flow around as she shifted her weight onto each foot. As soon as it found a piece of sheet it hadn’t reached the puddle started to soak downwards. With her feet about half a metre apart she let the pee flow again. It immediately started to fall onto the sodden sheet below. Her loose bottoms didn’t offer much in the way of an obstacle for the torrent of liquid. A faint *plap* could be heard as each stream of pee hit the bed. A few streams snaked their way down both Rosie’s legs. New pools began to form in each of the dips her feet were making. She could feel the pee around her feet as she wiggled her toes.

This was the fourth time this week. After the second time her Mum was starting to get angry. Maybe suspicious. Rosie blamed it on the stress of the pandemic and lack of ability to control anything in her life. The sympathy card worked for the third ‘accident’. She began to worry as the pee came to an end.

She won’t buy it this time. Hmm. Shit. Fuckshit. Hmm. Why’d she have to work from fucking home.

Rosie’s nonchalance turned into regret as she felt the last few drops fall from her underwear.

I can change the bedding easy but she’ll know I’ve done it again. Just be angry? Sad? Pissed off? Have a go at her? Ugghhh. She wiped a hand over her face.

After her third bedwetting this week, Rosie’s mum had awkwardly brought up the idea of wearing night protection again. Rosie scoffed at the idea and argued. She didn’t actually mind as they put her mind at ease when she wore them but she needed to sound grown up.

** “I don’t need them!” Rosie yelled at her Mum.

“Look, Rosie dear, it’s just… happening a lot recently”

“Oh reeaallyy? I didn’t notice!”

“Oh come on, just for a little while? It’s not like anyone knows”

“I…I KNOW!”

“Oh Rosie” Molly pondered, not knowing how to counsel her daughter. She seemed so eager to grow up but was worried she’d suffer with her incontinence problems for longer than they both wanted. **

Rosie shrugged off the anxiety of the situation and bent over to her phone. She unlocked it and turned the camera on, pointing her phone down so it could see everything below her waist. She pressed the screen and the bright flash caused her to wince. The camera brought up the darker blue colour of the inside of her pyjama bottoms. The small, silver, glittery constellation patterns were unchanged but the stain was obvious. The flash had caused the creased in the saturated sheet to shine. Everything around her feet was soaked. Rosie fiddled with the screen and sent yet another photo to the hidden folder.

After wiping her feet on a dry piece of bedding, Rosie kept her balance and hopped onto the floor. She stripped her legs of the wet bottoms and slumped them on her bed. Her black knickers hid any obvious wet spot. She stepped over to her curtains and pulled them apart. The sky was clear and a bold blue. She opened her window and took a deep breath of clean summer air. Mmmmmm.

Rosie’s door opened.

“What the fu…”

“Rosie?”

“I… I’m changing!” she shrieked.

“Okay sorry!” Molly said worryingly, “you okay?” she then asked from behind the door.

“What? Yes! I’m fine!” Rosie snapped.

Molly paused. She knew Rosie’s hurried, panicked responses meant she was being suspicious. She closed her eyes and rested her forehead on Rosie’s door.

“Has it happened again?” Molly asked regrettably. Rosie didn’t reply.

“Look… just… get a shower and bring it all down okay?” Molly sighed. Rosie heard her door close. She felt an internal rage build. She hated whenever her Mum spoke about it. She hated making it a burden on her Mum. She could easily not do any of it. She could easily just stop it. But… she liked it. She got away with it. No one knew about it. Well… other than Lula and Sakura. Lula more than Sakura… but still. Only them. And me. And Mum. And Dad. And Lula’s Mum and Dad. Probably. Hmmmm.

Rosie gently rubbed her thighs together. She could feel the pull of her skin where the pee had clung. She walked guiltily back to her bed and sat down. The wetness was already cold against her legs. She pushed hard for a few seconds. A short wave of pee shot out of her, into her knickers, and finally into the sheet below.

I could stop. I could. I COULD. I can? Easy. Just… don’t do it? Find something else to do? Drawing? Reading? Pfft. Fuck off. All I’ve done recently is watch Netflix and piss. Hmm. Rosie slowly laid down, hesitantly resting her back on the cold, drenched sheet. It’s disgusting really. It’s piss. Ugh. Fucking… piss. So why do I do it? Why don’t I stop myself? Ugh. Ah. Ahhh. Rosie had been gently touching herself this whole time. Mmm. That’s… why. She closed her eyes and carried on.

“Took your time” Molly mocked as Rosie slumped down the stairs with her bedding and pyjamas in her arms. Rosie winced. She made sure to scrunch her toes through the thick carpet in the hallway.

“Give it here then” Molly willingly opened her arms. It wouldn’t’ be the first time she had her arms full of her daughter’s wet bedding and she assumed it wouldn’t be the last.

“What… no!” Rosie snapped, hugging the materials tighter.

“Fine. You know where the washing machine is” Molly snarled, “I’m trying to… not accept… but… be… nice about all this, Rosie”

“I know” Rosie replied looking down at her guilty pile.

“What can I do?”

“What? Nothing. It’s… okay” Rosie lied, lifting her toes in anger.

“I just…”

“No!” Rosie screeched as she stomped through to the kitchen. Molly looked up at the stairs as if into a camera and breaking the fourth wall. A faint waft of pee slapped her in the face as Rosie pushed past.

“I’m going out today” Rosie’s voice bellowed from the kitchen.

“Out? Where to?” Molly questioned.

“To see Lula. And Sakura. I think there’s a thing tomorrow as well. A meet up. Loads of us”

“Wait. How many? Is it safe? You shouldn’t be…”

“It’s okay, Mum!” Rosie snapped again, not wanting to be interrogated. Molly stood in the doorway to the kitchen.

“Are you sure so many of you should be meeting so soon?” she asked with a concerned tone. Rosie began to splutter instead of speak.

“I need… independence, Mum!”

Molly raised her eyebrows and gestured towards the washing machine. Rosie understood what her Mum was doing. Her eyebrows lowered.

“Fuck off” she muttered as she filled the machine.

“I heard that!” Molly snapped, “you want me to trust you’ll be safe out with so many people but you can’t stop wetting the bed? Independence? Come on”

Rosie felt her face heat up. She loosened her fists which had clenched around her pee soaked sheet. She could feel her lower jaw quiver. She blinked a few times to hide the tears welling in her eyes.

“Rosie… ugh. I didn’t mean…” Molly began to apologise. Rosie ignored her and carried on filling the machine. Once full she closed the door and stood up.

“You do it then” Rosie grunted, refusing to make eye contact with her Mum. She stormed out of the kitchen pushing past Molly once again.

Rosie: “Mum’s being a fucking bitch again”

Rosie: “Fucking interrogating me about the bed”

Rosie: “Think I should just stop doing it?”

Rosie: “I mean I could”

Rosie: “She makes me feel so shit about it”

Rosie: “Not normal though is it?”

Rosie: “You there?”

Rosie: “Imagine not being there when I need you”

Rosie: “I need to be angry with someone”

Rosie: “This is just rude”

Rosie: “So rude”

Rosie: “I know they’re not really accidents anymore”

Rosie: “I think she knows too”

Rosie: “Or she’s guessing that”

Rosie: “I’m not normal am I?”

Rosie: “And I got you to do it too”

Rosie: “Sorry”

Rosie: “I don’t think I’ve ever said sorry for it actually”

Rosie: “But FUCK she makes me so angry”

Rosie: “You still coming tomorrow?”

Rosie: “Sakura wants us there”

Rosie: “Probably needs us there”

Rosie: “She might punch someone again lol”

Rosie: “You awake yet?”

Rosie: “Bitch?”

Rosie: “You ignoring me?”

Rosie: “MCDOMALFS TODAY”

Rosie: “AY?”

Rosie: “Do you”

Rosie: “Still do it?”

Rosie: “Or only when I’m there? Or you’re here?”

Rosie: “We don’t speak about it much anymore?”

Rosie: “Because I might stop doing it”

Rosie: “You’ve stopped haven’t you”

Rosie: “For the best probably”

Rosie: “Stupid. Disgusting really”

Rosie: “Do you think anyone else does it?”

Rosie: “Do you ever think that?”

Rosie: “Any boys?”

Rosie: “Is that hot?”

Rosie: “I don’t know”

Rosie: “YOURE STILL IGMORINF ME”

Rosie: “RUDE”

~

Lula: “I was in the shower”

Rosie: “OH”

Rosie: “SORRY LOL”

Lula: “We can speak about everything later”

Rosie: “If you want”

Lula: “Don’t know what I want”

Rosie: “I know what you want”

Lula: “What’s that?”

Rosie: “20 nugget sharebox you fatty”

Lula chuckled to herself as she put lifted phone and placed her straighteners back on the mat.

Lula: “Fuck please”

Rosie: “See you at 122222222222222”

Lula waited for her phone screen to go black. She looked up from her reflection in the phone only to stare back at herself in the mirror at her desk. Her eyes were still reddened. She adjusted her body and glared at the scratches on her left shoulder. She’d dug her nails in too deep earlier. The coldness of the water had numbed her upper body as she clawed at herself. She had opened her eyes to see a rush of red flow beneath her as she sat in the tub. Nothing she hadn’t seen before but she hadn’t expected her period today. Only after she had pulled herself out of the water did she relax and felt her nails leave her skin. Lula took a few deep breaths. It hadn’t hurt earlier but now the cuts began to sting. She’d have to plaster them up before she went out. And have to cover my shoulders. Ughhh. Stupid. Fucking. Dickhead. Fucking. Fuck.

As Lula locked her front door she looked down at her bare legs. Too pale. Her blue jean shorts stopped half way up her thighs. Her loose fitting, white top drooped just below her waist. She made sure it covered her shoulders but with a slip of the wind you’d notice her blue bra before her skin coloured plasters. She briefly noticed her nails shine in the sunlight where the black polish had peeled. As she turned she gave a quick look to that part of the front garden, conveniently hidden behind the bushes.

Where it all started. Her first wetting. She felt a slight tingle. That spot seemed to have some significance now. This whole new chapter of her life. This time last year she’d been quiet and unsociable. Hanging out with Rosie, Charlotte, and Beth felt unreal at the time. Just being accepted into a group seemed amazing. She was grateful Rosie had introduced her despite everything that happened between them all. Well mainly Charlotte. Mostly Charlotte. Bitch. Suppose the lockdown’s been good for one thing… I haven’t seen... her.

$$

*223*2021-02-08 01:11

The Surprise Reunion (Part 2)

“Stop!”

“Hahahaha”

The shrieking laughter was subdued by the tiny frantic stomps racing up the stairs.

“Please!” she begged. The laughter continued.

Sakura’s phone vibrated again in her hand. She grunted and held it tighter. Not now.

“Sara!” she begged.

“Hahahaha” the sound of laughter travelled across the first floor of the house. Sakura’s phone vibrated. NOT now. She flinched as Sara’s bedroom door slammed shut. *Vrbbt vrbbt*. NOT NOW UGH.

Sakura’s heart raced. She had been complacent. She had been stupid. She got distracted.

“Hahahahaha! Peepeepeepeepeepeepee!” Sara mocked.

“SARA STOP!”

“Peeepeeepeeepeeepeeepeee paaaaaants” Sara sung.

“URRGHHH” Sakura cried out in anger and embarrassment.

*Vrbbt vrbbt*

“NO” she yelled out loud, squeezing her phone ever harder. She had tensed her right arm so hard she could feel the phone shake in her fist.

“SARA!”

Sakura began to slam her feet on each stair as she climbed.

“Peeeeeepeepeepeepee” Sara continued to sing mockingly.

Sakura was making deep growling sounds with each deep breath. She was angry at Sara but more annoyed at herself. She had been risky that morning. Her Dad had gone shopping and she had been left to look after Sara until he came back. Exactly what she had been waiting for all week. After conveniently waiting for her Dad to leave she went for her morning shower. The moment she locked herself in the bathroom she flipped her towel open and watched excitedly as a pair of skinny, blue jeans fell onto the floor. She had cautiously slipped out of her pyjamas and into her jeans whilst trying to listen out for Sara trying to ‘be funny’ and try to unlock the door.

She winced as she pulled the jeans over her waist and pushed the button in place. The tightness of the denim pushed against her bladder. This immediately made her shiver with desperation. She pushed her thighs together and rubbed up and down her legs. She was hesitant at first. This was wrong. She didn’t need to do this. Why was she still doing this? Did Rosie and Lula do this? Her interest had been sparked and over the lockdown she was trying her hardest not to indulge. Ultimately however, she wasn’t doing very well.

Even as a child she couldn’t remember having an accident in a pair of jeans. The thought of the denim soaking and feeling heavy but tight against the skin made her feel annoyingly excitable. She moaned as she took a deep breath. With a loud exhale, a shot stream of pee shot through her knickers and down her left leg. She looked don in panic. The leak was blindingly obvious. A dark blue stain had trickled down to her knee. She quickly rubbed at it to see if it would dry. It didn’t. She sheepishly hopped into the shower and continued to squeeze her thighs together. Her hands were pushed deep into her crotch. Sakura exhaled again as she could no longer tense her body. A wave of warmth filled her crotch and covered her hands.

She pulled them away in panic. The wetness spread down her legs and collected at the base of the shower. The cold water left from someone’s shower earlier that morning was being washed away by a pale yellow stream. Sakura was sure her legs were getting warmer and warmer. The shine of the wet spot seemed to mesmerise her as she leaned over her legs to marvel upon her actions. After a few seconds she closed her eyes and tilted her head back. The next few moments fell like bliss. As her bladder continued to empty, the feeling of doing such a taboo thing was thrilling. She could feel herself throb as everything down there became saturated. Even after the pee had stopped she remained standing for at least a minute. But then the guilt hit.

Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit. How do I… Why… Oh shit.

Sakura panicked as she quickly pulled her legs from the jeans. Her plan was to wet, then shower, then wash the evidence straight away. She had purposefully let her washing pile up all week so this wouldn’t seem suspicious. She had it all planned out.

Papa might come back early. He might have forgotten something. Oh shit. Hurry up. Oh Shit.

She awkwardly threw the sodden jeans and knickers onto the floor and started to shower. As much as she wanted to do more, all she could think of was getting rid of the evidence.

*Vrbbt vrbbt*

Sakura grumbled loudly as she reached the top of the stairs.

“SARA!” she yelled again. Her sister had gone suspiciously quiet. Sakura stood at the top of the stairs waiting for her sister to laugh again. She felt that would give her the excuse to go made at her. But nothing. Sara knew better than that. She knew how Sakura reacted when she was angry.

The house went silent again. Sakura felt her heartbeat could be heard for miles. Then she choked. Fuck. Not only had she been distracted by her phone which lead Sara to finding her wet jeans in the first place, but she was now distracted by Sara that she hadn’t turned the washing machine on. Fuuuckkkk.

Sakura scrambled back down the stairs, having to regain her balance as she slipped on one. As she reached the hallway the mocking started again.

“Peeeepeeeepeeeepeeeepeeee”

Sakura could feel tears. Her face felt hot. Her chest seemed to be strained. She wanted to throw up.

“Peeeepeeeepeeeepeeeepeeee”

*Vrbbt vrbbt*

No. Please. Just. Wait.

Sakura fumbled with the buttons on the washing machine and exhaled once the drum started to spin. She leaned forwards and rested her elbows on the worktop. She forced the palms of her hands into her eyes to push away any tears.

*Vrbbt vrbbt*

“WHAT!?” she responded.

“Peeeepeeeepeeeepeeee” Sara could still be heard upstairs.

Tom: “Are you still asleep?”

Tom: “Just making sure haha”

Tom: “I’m going to keep messaging until you wake up”

Tom: “Hey”

Tom: “Hey”

Tom: “Hey”

Tom: “Wake up”

Tom: “Excited?”

Tom: “For tomorrow?”

Tom: “Hey”

Urrgghh. Why. Stop. I don’t even want to… Uhhhh. I don’t even know him. Why does he like me?

“Peeeepeeeepeeeepeee”

“SARA!!” Sakura clenched her phone again and steamrolled back upstairs. The closer she got to Sara’s room the quieter her sister got. Sakura lowered the door handle and kicked the door open. Sara promptly hid under her duvet and giggled.

“Pee” came a high pitched giggle.

“Pee. Hehe”

“Pee. Hehehe”

Sara flinched as Sakura pulled the duvet across the room. The sisters stared at each other.

“P…”

“NO! STOP!” Sakura demanded. Sara giggled.

“NO! IT’S NOT FUNNY” Sara’s face dropped.

“DON’T TELL THEM” she demanded again. Sara remained quiet.

“DON’T GO THROUGH MY THINGS”

“DON’T SAY ANYTHING”

“DO YOU UNDERSTAND?” Sara’s expression had faded and her bottom lip whimpered. She began to cry.

“DO YOU UNDERSTAND!?” Sara shouted again. Sara rubbed at her eyes as the tears dropped from her cheeks. She nodded gently. Sakura huffed and kicked Sara’s duvet which had sprawled open on the floor. She slammed the door as she left.

~

“So…?”

“So what?”

“Ffffuckin’… how’s it going?”

“How’s what going?”

“Mate. Don’t be a dick”

“Haha fine. Okay… I think… the new girl’s buying it”

“Really? She was a stubborn bitch when she started”

“She is. But she’s gullible”

“Heh. She said anything?”

“Not really”

“Hmm”

“What?”

“I’m just… not over it all. They fucking pissed me off. I just wanna… fucking… you know”

“It’s alright, babe. You were all friends once? Right? Do you… need to do anything?”

“Don’t talk me out of it. Everyone’s gonna be there to see. Aren’t you pissed how she treated you?”

“Nah. We were hardly a thing. You know that. She wouldn’t even let me do anything”

“Fuckin’ frigid. Can’t drink either haha”

“No one even gave her shit for that, did they?”

“No. You certainly didn’t”

“Come on… that was just before… our thing? Remember?”

“Hmph”

“But then you came along”

“…”

“Don’t ignore me”

“…”

“You know what happens when you ignore me”

“…ughm…. uhh”

“Mhmm. Yeah. You know you like that”

After a few seconds, Charlotte pulled Tom’s hand from her underwear and squeezed.

“What?” he asked. She glared at him before smirking. She forced his hand onto hear left breast and leaned in to kiss him. As Tom leaned in, his thigh slipped from the wood and he fell onto Charlotte. His weight pushed her onto the log. She winced as some loose bark jabbed into her waist. She kicked him off and they both rolled onto the grass below. They fell out of the shade into the hot, exposed, mid-August sun lit clearing at the top of the hill. Tom fell to the grass and dirt with a thud. Charlotte swiftly clambered on top of him and rested her head on his chest. She could hear and feel the intensity of his heartbeat against her ear.

“Calm down” she murmured. He chuckled. She gently moved her waist as she could feel the bulge in his shorts rub against her.

“Still can’t get over the view here”

Tom scoffed.

“Are you… I’m?... I’m literally… and you’re talking about the view?”

Charlotte sighed.

“Lottie… really?” he persisted.

She sighed again before turning to face him.

“Fine” she agreed. She sat up, forcing herself up by pushing against his chest. She undid the button on his jean shorts and pulled the zip down. His boxers were tensing with his obvious erection beneath. He raised his eyebrows encouragingly. She firmly grasped it over his underwear and he choked on his breath. She loosened her grip and slowly pulled back the waistband of the material. His penis aggressively bounced up, stiff and startled. A slight breeze caused the trees above them to rustle. Tom tensed as the cool air wafted over his tip. At the sight of him tensing, Charlotte grabbed it with her right hand. She licked her lips as she began to pump her hand before gyrating her hips over his legs. Seeing Tom lean his head back into the grass, she opened her mouth and leaned forwards.

“Tomorrow then?” Tom asked after a while. It had cooled down slightly since they last spoke. Resting on the ground with their backs to the log, Charlotte slumped in Tom’s arms, they were watching the sights of the fields below the hill. Charlotte took a long drag of her cigarette and loudly blew exhaled.

“Yeah” she groaned, “tomorrow. “

“I’ll get the new girl on board”

“You better” Charlotte demanded, once again pulling her hand to her mouth and inhaling deeply.

“What… do you actually want to do?” Tom asked hesitantly. Charlotte pouted and somewhat aggressively tapped at the cigarette, causing the end of it to crumble and hit the dirt below. She sighed.

“Get them back” she said with no emotion. This time Tom sighed.

“At what cost?”

“What cost? Lula and Rosie made me look stupid and that new bitch, Sakra? Or… whatever. Fuckin’ punched Laruen. She wants the new girl. I want the others, okay!?” Charlotte huffed, forcing a load of smoke from her nostrils.

At first Tom smiled. As Charlotte leaned over to look in her bag his face dropped. He lifted his phone with a worrying look and rubbed his face with his left hand. Despite how he felt about Charlotte last year they seemed to have a good thing going. But he didn’t like her attitude. Any time he tried to encourage her not to be angry at something she turned on him. Not aggressively, but enough to demean him enough to not bother again. He had nothing again Lula or Rosie. He still secretly felt bad for catfishing Lula. Truth be told he did have feelings for her before. That cute, awkwardly confident, innocent girl dressed up as Wednesday Addams. The girl who stuck up for her friend when Charlotte pushed her into the sea. Charlotte was a strong character. Her personality outweighed her thoughts. She hated how Lula’s Mum had called her own after the party and complained about the alcohol. She hated how Lula hadn’t been publicly destroyed for wetting the bed.

She hated how her attempt at humiliating Lula online was thrown back at her. She hated how, at that point, she realised her own personality had been used against her. She blamed Lula for that. Of course it couldn’t be her own fault. She wouldn’t accept that it was her fault. She was sure Rosie had something to do with it. She used to get on with Rosie really well but at the same time their friendship broke down, Charlotte was realising she could get what she wanted when she flouted her unstable confidence and breasts.

She purposefully came onto Tom when she saw him being friendly with Lula. She wanted to steal him from her. Not because she liked him, but because she hated Lula. That’s all it was. She never told Tom that though. As far as he was concerned, he was with one of the most popular girls in school. He was getting sex. She was using her body to keep him around until she had gotten revenge. After that she didn’t need him. Did she care? Not really. She could get better. That’s what she thought anyway.

Charlotte flinched.

“You okay?” Tom asked, squeezing her knee.

“The fuck? Yeah. Why?”

“You drifted there” he admitted.

“Just thinking” she snapped. Tom sighed again. He liked this arrangement. He didn’t see them being together once he left for college but he was making the most of it. He didn’t even know about college. He’d considered doing the same as his cousins but could never convince himself it’s what he wanted. His cousins had land. A business. They had made money and were good at what they did. That’s why he liked coming to this spot on the hill. He could see their farm down below.

He sighed again. He never spoke of them much though. Not since their convictions. Two of his cousins he got on well with ended up in prison for growing narcotics and possession of guns. He was never told the full story but apparently they were having problems with a buyer and ended up threatening and shooting at them until they left. The police were onto them for a while and got involved pretty quickly. As well as the farm, Tom’s house was searched as well in case him or his family were involved. They weren’t, but the whole experience seemed to have grounded him. He wanted to do something honest with is life.

“I’m going”

“Oh… okay?” Tom replied, “where to?”

“Meet the girls in town. Come on”

Tom leaned forwards and stood up before offering his hand to Charlotte. He pulled her up and hugged her.

“Back here tomorrow then?” he said hesitantly.

“Mmhmm” she muttered, tapping away at her phone. She pulled her hand from his and started walking back into the woods. Tom took one last look around before following Charlotte. Tom didn’t mind that Charlotte was ignoring him. It gave him time to think.

~

*knock knock knock*

Sakura ignored the feeble hits at her door.

*knock knock knock*

“What?” she barked.

The door creaked open and Sara hunched into Sakura’s room.

“Sorry” she said staring at the floor.

“No you’re not”

“I’m sorry” she pleaded again.

Sakura drove her head into her hands and let out an audible groan. She turned on her desk chair and stared down her sister. Her eyes were almost purple from where she had been crying. Sakura’s heart instantly dropped.

What have I done? Oh no. I’m so sorry.

“Come here” Sakura offered, opening her arms. Sara fell into her sisters arms and started crying again. Sakura rested her head on Sara’s and squeezed her tight.

“It wasn’t funny, okay”

Sara gently nodded into Sakura’s shoulder.

“I mean it. I never made fun of you when it happened to you al those years ago”

Sara’s nod turned into a shake of her head.

“Did I?”

“No. But you’re older”

Sakura paused. I know. I know… I don’t know why I…

“Look. Just don’t tell them okay?”

“Okay”

“Promise?”

“I promise” Sara cried, nodding back into Sakura’s shoulder.

“And I’ll keep a secret of yours” Sakura offered, “do you have a secret?”

Sara lifted her head and wiped her nose. She started thinking.

“No” she said.

“You don’t have any secrets?”

“Not yet. I’ll think of one!” Sara chirped up. Sakura smiled. That’ll keep her occupied for a while. She might even forget.

The girls often argued but their love for each other was strong. Whenever they were alone they were able to be silly but only because both parents were quite strict. Sakura had begun to think maybe this is why she kept wetting. It was rebellious. It was something her parents would never allow or understand. Something she had never had a problem with so why would she now? The last thing she needed was Sara to tell them what happened.

“I’ll think of a secret!” Sara yelled as she hopped off Sakura’s knees and ran out of the room. Sakura chuckled and looked at her phone. I should probably reply to Tom…

~

“What do you meeaann he’s said ‘hey’” Rosie joked.

“Look. Tom’s just said hey” Lula showed Rosie her phone. Rosie snatched it from Lula’s hands.

“Well. Fuck. What does he want? Have you been speaking to him!?”

“What? No! Give it back” Lula pinched at Rosie’s hand and arm before grabbing her phone. After munching away at another nugget, Lula swiped her phone open to prove she hadn’t messaged Tom for months. Her heart began to pound. She hated how she still felt nervous when she though to him. She had no idea why. Their short… whatever it was… was really nice. In fact, it was the closest she’d ever been to someone of the opposite sex. She never really got over the fact he just left though with no reason why.

“Fuck him” Rosie snapped, drinking the last of her Sprite from the cup.

“Sorry?”

“Not… not like that you whore. Don’t reply”

“Why would he message me like this? After so long?”

“I dunno. Saw on Facebook he’s with Charlotte now isn’t he? Just don’t get involved”

Lula sighed and pondered, staring at her phone screen. Rosie was right. Tom and Charlotte were together. Her chest tightened. Damn. Not only did Tom make her nervous but Charlotte made her anxious.

“You okay?” Rosie asked.

“Yeah. Just. Those two… you know?”

“Yeah I know what you mean” Rosie admitted, taking a handful of chips.

“Shit!” Lula snapped. Rosie laughed. Lula leaned to her right and wiped the new ketchup stain on the grass below. As she lifted the nugget she had caught between her legs she realised the sauce had stained the inside of her thighs too.

“Fuckin’… red stain. Awesome” Lula complained. Rosie carried on laughing.

“Could be worse” she joked, nudging Lula.

“Oh, har har” Lula replied, shaking her head as she fake laughed.

“Hmm… Sakura’s asking about tomorrow again” Rosie said with a mouthful of food.

Lula was frantically rubbing at her shorts.

“Lule’s… tomorrow?”

“Wh… what? What about it? What actually is it? Who’s going?”

“Wait… ohhhhh no” Rosie’s cheerful expression disappeared. Lula stopped what she was doing.

“What…?”

“I…”

“What?”

Rosie closed her phone down and sucked at her lips.

“What!?” Lula said louder.

“She… Tom invited… her”

Lula scoffed.

“What? Tom… her? Why? How? What…. What? Why?” Lula was confused.

“I… don’t know. She said she’s going”

“Tell her not to”

“She’s… hang on” Rosie said as she read the incoming messages.

“She’s… oh fuck”

“What, Rosie” Lula was getting increasingly concerned.

“She said she thinks he likes her. He’s been messaging her loads and then asked her to the thing tomorrow”

Both the girls said nothing for a while.

“Wh… what’s he doing?” Lula asked slowly.

Rosie shook her head. She had no idea.

“We’ve gotta look out for her” Rosie claimed.

“I can’t… I don’t…”

“Lule’s… this isn’t right. We need to go with her in case”

“Wh… No”

“No seriously. Why would Tom be messaging her if he’s with Lottie? And why would he message you? Why would he invite her to something tomorrow? She said it’s mean to be a big thing. What’s he… they… gonna do to her?”

“I can’t, Rosie. You didn’t even like her that much fter she saw… you know” Lula went quiet as people walked past. Rosie nodded aggressively.

“I know… I know. But. Especially after the whole… field thing… we’re her mates. She needs us”

Lula dropped her box of nuggets on the grass and held her arms. She closed her eyes to control her breathing. She felt Rosie’s hand squeezing her shoulder.

“We’ve gotta do something” Rosie encouraged.

In. hmph hmph hmph hmph. Out. hmph hmph hmph hmph. In. hmph hmph hmph hmph. Out. hmph hmph hmph hmph.

Lula opened her eyes. She nodded.

*229*2021-05-10 23:34

The Surprise Reunion (Part 3) – Teaser

Hey everyone. I’m really sorry for being quiet for a few months. Life and things. You know. Writer’s block and a big plate of depressi spaghetti but enough of that. I’m shamelessly posting a teaser for the next chapter, which will be a big one to make up for no Lula since February, to keep anyone interested who still reads. More to come soon <3

Lula struggled frantically, kicking up leaves and dirt. A tree root dug between her shoulder blades. She coughed and spluttered. A constant stream of tears rolled down her cheeks. Her eyelids, red and swollen, stinging her vision, were almost impossible to keep open. The skin on her arms and face blushed and sweaty. Her jeans still warm. An odd, familiar feeling she thought. She didn’t think she had… It had all happened so quickly. Panic had set in.

Groggy, unbalanced, and towering over Lula, Charlotte and slumped down with her right knee cushioned against the dirt to Lula’s left side. Lula could only just make out her white top and blonde hair through her watered vision. She had to close her eyes again. She had to squeeze them shut. Her breathing became erratic.

After a few seconds of supporting Charlotte’s dead weight Lula felt her move. Attempting to stand, Charlotte’s mouth breathing became heavier. What’s she doing? What’s she…

Lula aggressively wiped down her eyes and tried to open them once again. Charlotte was glaring down at her, fists clenched. Lula clamped her eyes closed again. Keeping them open was too painful. But she had to see. She had to prepare for whatever was going to happen. She wiped again and squinted. She could make out Charlotte coughing herself. One more quick wipe. Her face scrunched in sweat as a stinging pain pulsated around her eyes. Breathe. Just open… eyes…

Charlotte was leaning forwards. Her hand coming closer to Lula’s face. Lula winced. She flinched. She scrunched her nose and held her breath. Her whole body tensed. Time stood still.

*235*2021-05-20 19:14

The Surprise Reunion (Part 3)

Sunlight drenched the hillside. The distant fields rippled with a haze of warmth. The brilliant greens of the grass and trees enclosed the clearing. Another bead of sweat dropped from Charlotte’s forehead.

“S’fucking hot” she coughed, spluttering on her cigarette. She huffed and turned back to the group. Tom was sat on the log closest to the treeline and covered in shade. She took a sharp inhale and made her way towards him, flicking the butt of her cigarette into the carelessly assembled fire pit. The smell of burning tobacco rose from the flames as the piled sticks crackled. She held her right arm to her chest to avoid any further exposure to heat. Tom was laughing.

“Where is she?” Charlotte snapped, stepping into the shade and crossing her arms. Steve immediately stopped talking. Tom’s laughter turned into a sigh as Charlotte’s silhouette towered over him.

“Not here yet… babes” he replied carefully.

“No shit, Sherlock” she snaps again. In the time it took Charlotte to stomp forward and sit on the log, Tom and Steve shared a subtle shake of their heads. Tom closed his eyes and turned to Charlotte.

“You said she was coming”

“We’ve only been here about an hour”

Charlotte made a low grunting sound. She leaned forwards and spun the cap on the lukewarm bottle of vodka before taking a swig. She winced.

“We’ll get her wasted. So fucking wasted”

Tom sighed.

“You sure?” Tom asked.

“YES” she snapped even louder

Beth flinched and turned to face Charlotte as she yelled out. She hurriedly picked up a half-drunk bottle of coke and almost danced over to the log. Beth slumped down next to Charlotte and nudged her, offering her the bottle. She lowered her eyebrows and gently nodded towards Tom. Tom returned the favour. They were all in on this but only Charlotte seemed fully committed. Even Lauren who, after being victim to Sakura’s punch on her first day of school, encouraged Charlotte to plan this party was less excited about the things they had planned.

Charlotte snatched the bottle of Coke from Beth and mixed it with the remainder of the vodka. The liquids swirled and mixed as Charlotte shook the bottle.

“Don’t you think you should…” Beth was cut off.

Charlotte made a grunt sound as she shook her head and took a long swig from the bottle. Tom rested his left hand on her upper back and gently, but forcefully, lowered the bottle from her mouth. Charlotte spluttered as the bottle was pulled from her lips. She kicked out in anger causing her to lose balance on the log. Neither Beth or Tom had the time to react as Charlotte’s feet rose from the floor and up into the air. Her long, white t-shirt flustered as her backside slipped backwards off the log. Charlotte hit the ground with a thud; nearly empty bottle in her right hand. Silence fell amongst the group for a split second before Charlotte started laughing.

“Fuckin’ hell guys have some fun” she chuckled, raising her left hand to be picked back up. She looked up to the base of the bottle and carelessly threw it behind her. The smash caused Beth to flinch as the bottle broke into pieces against a nearby tree. Tom sighed before reaching over to help pull Charlotte up. She tensed her body as she was helped up. Her bladder twinged under the pressure of both the alcohol and her awkward position on the floor. The feeling didn’t phase her. Once sat back up, Charlotte scratched and pulled at the crotch of her blue jean shorts.

“Put the music on” Charlotte demanded, pointing eagerly at Steve, “Come with me I need a piss” she ordered to Tom, grabbing and tugging at his hand. Tom nodded at Steve who had already begun to pull a speaker from his bag.

“Maybe you should clam down a bit babes” Tom suggested as they stepped into the treeline. Some melodic R&B started playing loudly behind them. Charlotte scoffed.

“Nah. We’ve gotta have some fun. You know how shit this year’s been. And we gotta you know… get the new girl” her speech seemed somewhat slurred. Tom leaped forward to support Charlotte as she fell onto a tree for support.

“You’re gonna be fucked before she gets here” he said honestly. Charlotte didn’t reply.

She eventually rested on a tree and turned around. The deep blue of the sky could only just be seen through the branches and bushes they had trawled through.

“Here” Charlotte decided. Tom exhaled deeply.

“Hmmmppphhhokay” he repled, leaning against another nearby tree. He could make out the sound of Charlotte lowering her shorts as the denim dragged against her legs. Twigs snapped as she squatted and got comfortable. She started grunting.

“You okay?”

“I… I can’t…”

“Hmm?”

“I can’t fuckin’… stay…”

“What?” Tom asked, about to turn around.

“Look away, dickhead” she snapped. Tom obeyed. A few seconds passed.

“Actually… can you… like… hold me?” she asked, obviously struggling.

“Can I turn around then?”

“Mmm” she murmured.

Tom swiftly turned and faced a somewhat exposed and vulnerable Charlotte. Her shorts and thong were pulled as far as her knees and she was barely balancing against two trees. Tom chuckled.

“Fuckin’… fuck off” she giggled back groggily.

“You’re already fucked, aren’t you?”

“Nah” she replied unconvincingly. She gestured with one hand for Tom to come closer. He grabbed both her hands and leaned back to support her weight. She shuffled backwards and rested her lower back against one of the trees she’d been balancing against. Tom forced himself to look upwards towards the trees. Snippets of cerulean blue came and went as the branches gently swayed. A sound of pooling liquid got louder against the melodic singing of the birds. Tom could feel Charlotte rocking left and right. He dared to look down. Her head was slumped down as if unsupported. He could just make out the falling stream of pee behind her head and hair. He lowered his own head and caught a view of her naked crotch and the pee spitting from her. Tom suddenly flinched and glared upwards again as Charlotte raised her head. She coughed, causing a quick disruption in the stream.

“Done?” Tom asked eagerly.

“Yeah” Charlotte claimed, wiggling her backside before pulling at Tom’s hands gesturing to him to lift her up. Once back on her feet she quickly bent down and lifted her thong and shorts back up to her waist.

“I can’t believe Lula pissed the bed” she quickly spluttered.

“What?”

“You know… she pissed the bed after my Halloween party? Before you got with her?” Charlotte mocked.

“You we weren’t actually… together” he mumbled. Charlotte picked at the crotch of her shorts once again. She could feel the material of her thong cling to the slight dampness of her vagina.

“Whatever. I’ve got it!” she snapped. Tom raised his eyebrows.

“We’ll get the new girl fucked and make her piss her pants!” she almost yelled out.

~

Sakura trod lightly over the dried mud. She’d walked through these woods many times to learn the way home from school but she’d never gone this way before. She was sure this is the way Tom had said to go. She slipped her phone from the pocket of her black denim shorts and opened Google Maps once again. She pinched the screen and tried to get her bearings. She sighed and considered turning back home.

No. He invited me. He has been nice to me. I could meet more people. A party will be fun. Lula and Rosie never said they would come. Maybe I should call them? They would be here? Wouldn’t they? If we were all friends? Really friends? No. We are friends. But I can have other friends. A… boy… friend?

Sakura giggled at the thought of a relationship. She knew her introduction to the school wasn’t great and then the lockdown happened all so suddenly. She then sighed at the thought of her actual friends. Why weren’t they with her? Did they not like parties? She had never asked. She assumed they would just come along. She lifted her head and looked around. The faint smell of smoke drifted through the trees. Sakura smiled and marched forwards.

~

Lula rested her head against the tiled wall. She closed her eyes. The warm trickle of pee slithered down her right leg and pooled at her feet. The steam from the hot shower was moistening her skin. She scrunched her face, desperate to touch herself but determined not to give in. Her heart was thumping. Was it nerves? Anxiousness? Fear? She had no idea. The thought of being with Tom and Charlotte together was almost overwhelming. And how long had Sakura been messaging Tom? Why was she? Why was he?

Lula accidentally let out a moan and gasped as she finished peeing. She gave in. If today was going to be shit then she’d at least be in control now.

~

Rosie winced at the bright sky. A single bead of sweat fell from her forehead. The smell of sun cream was still faint under her perfume. She sniffed hard. Cut grass. A barbeque nearby. The flowers in a garden. The drains. Not as nice.

She pulled out her phone again. Still nothing.

Where is she?

Rosie approached the opening to the woods and frowned.

Lule’s is never late… to anything. The fuck?

She stood there perplexed. Lula was nervous. She knew that for a fact. She had already amped herself up to be supportive but still had no idea what would happen when they got there.

How many people will be there anyway? What do they want with Sakura? Christ… the last time we went near there we almost got shot.

Rosie closed her eyes and shook off the thought. She gazed down the footpath engulfed by trees. It was nice to see everything so green again. Winter seemed so long ago. The bare, spikey branches and frost covered mud. School seemed so long ago…

Shit.

About 20 minutes has passed. Rosie had perched herself on a grassy mound just inside the treeline. People kept passing giving her awkward looks. Rosie’s cheerful smile was slowly wearing off. She sighed.

“THE fuck?” she questioned, jumping up and brushing her backside.

“Sorry” Lula replied quietly. Rosie grabbed Lula’s shoulders and glared into her eyes.

“We’ll be alright, yeah?”

“Yeah” Lula answered unconvincingly. Rosie shook her.

“Stop”

“We’ll be alright, YEAH?” Rosie asked again. Lula let out a giggle.

“Yeah, sure, thanks” Rosie pushed Lula away slightly.

“Good. Then let’s do this thang” she encouraged.

Lula took a deep breath. She instantly cooled down as they walked through the shade. The sun sparkled above them through the leaves.

“So…?” Lula started.

“So what?”

“I dunno. What are we even…?”

“I don’t know either. But we have to get Sakura”

“I know. But.. you know. I don’t wanna be here”

Rosie nodded. She knew. She completely and totally knew how uncomfortable Lula was right now. The last time she’s had any proper interaction with Charlotte was when she pushed her into the sea on the school trip. She was still pissed about that.

“We’ve all got reasons for this to be… shit” Rosie admitted.

“Yeah” Lula agreed.

They both peered over to the now dense bushes to their right as they met crossroad.

“Need to go?” Lula tried to joke.

Rosie laughed, nudging her friend, “looks easier to hide in now though” she admitted.

“I can’t believe we… peed here…”

“I’m a free pee’er, me” Rosie mocked, raising her hands behind her head as if to lean back. Lula tried to laugh.

“But now you mention it” Rosie bobbed on the spot before pointing off the footpath.

“People could be out though, this way”

The girls trawled through the bushes a good distance off the track. They paused in a small clearing just big enough for them both to stand in.

“Watch for me” Rosie asked, raising her eyebrows and nodding in the opposite direction. She unclasped the button on her light blue jeans and wiggled them down to her knees. Lula turned around wide eyed. She knew where the footpath was but couldn’t see it from where they were. She heard Rosie shuffle next to her before the recognisable sound of liquid hitting the ground broke the silence.

“Weird” Lula scoffed.

“What?” Rosie asked, looking up at her.

“You’re not using your pants”

Rosie chuckled.

“Fuck you” she joked as the last few dribbles fell from her.

“Can’t wipe though SO…” Rosie started as she got to her feet and pulling her jeans to her waist, “…you could say I did” she smiled, doing up the button.

“Mmmhmmm” Lula mocked.

“Can you tell?” Rosie asked, trying to look between her legs.

“No?” Lula replied, confidently scanning Rosie’s crotch for damage.

“Good. Shall we do this then?”

~

Sakura slowly stepped out into the clearing. The sunlight was hot on her skin. She frowned as she looked upon people throwing things into a fire. The air rippled around them. Dark plumes of smoke flustered around as the fire burnt its way through stacks of leaves, sticks, and food wrappers. Shrieks of laughter could be heard behind the loud rap music. Sakura instantly became uncomfortable. She couldn’t see Tom.

“Ahhhhhh!” a loud scream pierced the commotion. Sakura snapped her gaze to the right. Two people had been pushed aside. Sakura’s face dropped as a busty, tall, blonde girl staggered a few steps closer. She had half a bottle of vodka dangling from her right hand and a cigarette in her left. Even stood still she couldn’t balance properly. Her white t-shirt was lightly stained.

“F…fuckin’ knew you’d… be here” she struggled to say, almost burping half way through. She staggered even closer again. Sakura crossed her arms to hold herself. A few more people had turned to face her. She took a step back.

Charlotte sneered as she hobbled towards Sakura. She pointed the bottle towards her.

“Here, new girl. Drink” she ordered. Sakura looked to the floor and shook her head. Beth shuffled over from the logs. She knew Sakura didn’t know who she was but worryingly stood with her arms crossed hoping to give any reassurance to the new girl.

“Well?” Charlotte snapped, raising her eyebrows. Sakura looked up to the bottle wobbling in front of her. The bottle was pushed into her folded arms. She flinched. Tom watched embarrassingly from the fire. She hadn’t seen him yet. He’d heard of her first day at the school and assumed she’d have been hardier. What he was watching seemed feeble and quiet. Nervous. Uncomfortable. This was his fault.

Charlotte forced the bottle further into Sakura’s chest. She felt her top dampen from the condensation on the bottle. The strong smell of alcohol and stale smoke filled her nostrils. She gave a grimace of disgust. Sakura glared up. Charlotte’s eyes were piercing. Her grin menacing.

Sakura, with her heart thumping against her chest, gently shook her head. Not only had she never really drank, the thought of sharing a bottle given the current circumstances seemed all but wrong. The music in the background had been turned down. Beth was tugging at Tom’s hand. There was a low chatter amongst everyone by the fire. The cracking and popping of twigs became louder as the situation grew more tense.

Sakura nervously peered over Charlotte’s shoulder an caught a glimpse of the boy she had been messaging. It was definitely him. Tall. Thick, wavy, brown hair. Biceps peeking below sleeves. A worried look on his face. He was gently shaking his head. Who is that holding his arm? Why hasn’t he spoken to me? Why am I…? Why is this…? She tried sidestepping to move closer to Tom. Her chest tightened. Charlotte scoffed and stomped into the dirt, blocking her way again.

“Oh… oh?! You thought? Hahahaha!” Charlotte snarled, “You thought… hahahaha… she thought!” she carried on laughing sounding forcibly surprised. Sakura’s eyebrows lowered. Her lip trembled. Had she been played? Was this all a trick? Her nostrils flared as she quickly became frustrated. She was pissed at Tom. He wasn’t coming to help her. He must be in on it. They all must be. And Lula and Rosie? They weren’t here. They’re in on it too. Her ‘friends’? She huffed. She glared back towards Tom. That shit. That bastard. Fuck him. Wait. Is that…? Next to Tom, her hair up in a bun, skin exposed and on show for the sun. Lauren. Sakura let out an audible groan. Lauren was grinning from ear to ear.

Charlotte was getting impatient. She scoffed again and raised her bottle for Sakura’s chest; this time pushing it into her. Sakura reacted. She grabbed the glass. Her fingers pressed tightly against Charlotte’s. Charlotte eventually let go.

“Theerree” Charlotte said slowly, letting the bottle slip from her grip. Sakura held it tightly for a while. Everybody watched. Some nervously, some eagerly. The quiet chattering subsided. A bead of sweat rolled from Sakura’s forehead. Their eyes locked before Sakura averted her gaze back to Tom and Lauren. She leaned back, grasping the bottle, before hurling it forwards. As if I slow motion, Charlotte’s eyes widened and she began to shout out loud, Lauren’s grin faded as she began to leap to the left, Tom turned and pushed Beth away. The crowd dispersed. Some ran towards the logs, some over the crest of the hill, some directly into the trees. The bottle glistened in the sunlight as it spun in the air.

Sakura clenched her fists as she steadied her feet. She was ready to run. Charlotte’s head followed the bottle as it flew. Her whole body flinched, deciding whether she could leap and catch it, push the new girl to the floor, or if she could do anything quick enough in her current state. She winced as the sun caught her gaze. Sakura’s fists quickly loosened as she clamped them over her mouth. The bottle was corkscrewing towards the ground. Towards the fire. A lone, thick piece of wood shattered the bottle. The bone chilling smash filled the clearing. Shards of glass sparkled in mid air. A wide fireball erupted outwards as the vodka rained over the flames. The bass of the pop filled each person to their core. There was an intense whoosh as the alcohol burned outwards and towards the floor. The dry grass caught alight immediately.

There were screams and yells. Sakura had no idea if anyone got injured. She immediately regretted her decision. She grasped her mouth tighter. Charlotte turned back, wiping her hair from her face that had been blown by the rush of hot air. She was gritting her teeth. Her eyes piercing Sakura’s own. Sakura could make out people rushing around in the background but they were a blur. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw Charlotte’s face.

“You fucking…” she stuttered, too angry to finish a sentence, “I’m gonna…” she still didn’t know how to react. Sakura found the will to take a few steps back. Charlotte stomped forwards.

“I’m gonna kill you.. and your cunt little siste…” she was cut off. There was a loud thump.

~

A loud, deep whoosh ripped through the trees. Both Lula and Rosie looked up worried. They ran towards the entrance to the clearing. The branches and leaves obstructing their view parted and once again they were looking out onto the deep blue sky and rolling fields. Lula refused to look at the field at the bottom of the hill. As both he girls turned to their left they could make out the last of the smoke plume fading into the sky. There were people jumping away and curled up on the floor. A pool of flames had formed around the fire. Breathing heavily they both eventually saw Sakura with her back to them. Towering over her was Charlotte, open mouthed, wide eyed, wiping hair form her face.

As people to help each other off the floor, a loud thump rung through the air. Charlotte was forced to the floor. Dry dirt puffed around her as she fell.

“Sakura!” yelled Rosie. She turned to face the girls. Her breathing returned to normal. A hot wave of relief fell from her head to her feet. Her hands were shaking. She ran towards her friends.

“Charlotte!” yelled Lauren, clambering off the floor and tripping towards Charlotte’s slumped body. Her right cheek was red raw. She opened her eyes, wincing, inhaling, caressing her sore face. As she peered upwards she saw the bitch, Sakura. She growled as she caught a glimpse of Lula and Rosie too.

“No!” she roared, pushing Lauren away and climbing to her feet.

Tom brought his body away from Beth’s.

“Are you okay?!”

“Yes!” she clambered out of Tom’s arms as she saw what was happening. She saw Charlotte yell as she stood up and two of her old friends embrace the new girl running towards them. She twitched and scurried across the floor as a hot, orange glow approached her side. The ground was too dry. The fire was spreading. The pile of spare twigs and sticks started cracking as it caught alight. Dirty, dark grey whisps of smoke rose as the grass began to burn. Beth shot to her feet and tugged at Tom to do the same. People had begun bailing into the trees.

“Charlotte, no!” Beth yelled as she ran towards her. She grabbed her arm in a feeble attempt to restrain her. Lula and Rosie glared worryingly at Beth. Her face glistened with sweat and an obvious burn mark caused the skin on her left cheek to peel slightly.

“Go. Go! Gogogogo!” Lula ordered, pushing Rosie and Sakura towards the trees. Tom, unable to stop Beth form running towards Charlotte, took a deep breath as he saw Lula sprint into the trees. He jumped to his feet and instinctively ran after them. Despite tripping over her feet at first, Charlotte hobbled quickly after them.

Tom quickly caught up with the girls and grabbed Lula by the arm. She flinched, whimpered, and fell into his chest. She grabbed the person’s waist to steady herself. She inhaled deeply and tightly closed her eyes. She hugged tight. She sniffed again. She hadn’t smelt this in a while. A loose scent of body odour was masked by a familiar covering of Lynx. The grooves of the chest that her head fitted conveniently into. The place her hand reached to around the waist. The arm against her face. The hand holding her head. It was as if something imploded from within her. A forgotten feeling. No. A repressed feeling. Momentarily comforted. Safe.

Lula opened her eyes wide and started breathing quickly. She purposefully unclamped her hands and pushed away from the body. Her eyes were level with his upper chest. His face, red, slightly cut, hair dirty, looked down on her. Those eyes. It’s been so long. Oh. Oh no. Lula shuddered as a swarm of butterflies blew out from her abdomen. Her waist felt light and tickly as if sugar was falling beneath her skin. He grabbed her hand and she whipped it away. She lowered her eyebrows and punched his chest. She punched again. And again. And again. He didn’t react. In the moment of the embrace he realised all he had done wrong. He regretted luring the new girl into all this. He could see the anger, and maybe hatred, in Lula’s teary eyes. Suddenly Rosie and Sakura weren’t even there. It was just them two.

“Lula! Come on!” Rosie encouraged, holding Sakura’s arm.

“Look out!” she yelled.

Emerging from an the ever growing orange plume and heat rippling through the air, Charlotte appeared behind Lula dragging a large, warped stick. Lula heard Rosie’s warning, quickly spinning and ducking as Charlotte struggled to pick up the stick and swung it in front of her. Instinctively pushing Lula aside, Tom looked up and tensed for the impact. The stick snapped around his shoulder and splintered into his face, knocking him to the floor. Sakura whimpered and wriggled free of Rosie’s grip, running towards Tom and kneeling at his side. Rosie leapt after her and tripped to the ground. Her jeans rose up against her calves and she felt nettles bite at her ankles. Her backside hit the floor with a heavy blow. She exclaimed as she fell, her right leg under her left. The fall shocked her. Both Rosie and Sakura sat at Tom’s side as he lay there in pain. Lula slowly stood up, lowering her hands from her head.

“Bitch!” Charlotte yelled as she stepped towards them all. The plants behind Charlotte crackled as they began to burn away. Her arms and face glowed as sweat formed from the heat which was also dampening the mud stains up her arms. Sakura kept one hand on Tom’s shoulder and firmly held one of Rosie’s. Smoke started to bellow through the trees as the plants began to burn around them. Charlotte coughed a few times as she made her way to Lula cautiously deciding what to do. She stood between Charlotte and the other three on the ground behind them. Panting heavily, and starting to sweat herself, Lula considered charging at Charlotte. Maybe it was a long time coming. Do I have to protect them? What can I do? Maybe if all of us… No they can’t.

A high pitched scream ripped through the trees. Tom quickly sat up causing Sakura to fall to the floor.

“Beth!?” he shouts back, recognising the tone, “BETH!?” He struggles to his feet and hurriedly limps into the smoke.

“Tom!” Lula shouts after him. His name was bitter on his tongue. She hadn’t called him his name in a long time. A lump grew in her throat. Even Charlotte paused and watched Tom, who was supposed to be her boyfriend, limp past her towards a scream behind her. He disappeared into the rising smoke.

“TOM!” Charlotte beckoned into the darkness. Lula stared the same way. Sakura was rising to her feet considering running after him. Lula quickly looked around. He’s with Charlotte. Why do I care? Why… did he run after Beth? Why is Sakura worried? The fuck’s going on?

Lula looked down at Rosie for encouragement. This isn’t how they envisioned any of this going. They both gasped as Sakura ran after Tom. Rosie wanted to grab at Sakura’s legs but didn’t dare move. Her face was white and clammy; partially due to the amount of smoke but also due to embarrassment. ‘Not now’ she thought. Rosie was sat on the wettest patch of grass in the woods. Her fall, her fear, her shock… all had caused her to wet uncontrollably as she hit the floor. Lula could just make out the midnight blue patch of Rosie’s jeans.

She had begun to cry. Lula retreated to her friend and knelt down to comfort her. Charlotte stood there confused and still very drunk. Her emotions were a mixture of deep, deep anger, slight fear for whoever was screaming, concern for her boyfriend… was he even her boyfriend? Was this the drink talking? Fuck these bitches. This is their fault. She started trying to breathe heavily but kept inhaling smoke. Her bare arms were starting to feel hot against the heat of the now somewhat raging fire.

“Rosie, hey!” Lula shook Rosie’s shoulders. She wanted to go after Sakura. Secretly, sort of but not really, she wanted to go after Tom. Was it Beth screaming? Did she need help? Was she trapped? No. All of her attention was on her best friend. Rosie was curled up on the floor cradling her legs. Like the time at the hotel, she had publicly wet and despised it. So much was going on. She also seemed to be in a state of shock. Lula shook her again.

“Rosie! Come on! Let’s go!” Lula said louder. She could too feel the heat on her left hand side. The smoke was starting to burn her eyes. She was surprised how quickly the fire was spreading but everything was so dry. It made sense. She could hear Charlotte coughing some way to her left.

“Rosie!” she shouted. Rosie looked up crying. Lula gave her a concerned look. She mouthed the words ‘come on’ to her. Rosie shakily nodded. As Lula helped Rosie to her feet, the dark wet patch on her backside and upper thigs was obvious. Her light jeans didn’t hide it at all. Lula tried to stand directly behind Rosie to stop Charlotte seeing the accident. She pushed Rosie to go. To run. To anything.

“HA!” they both heard behind them.

“You’re both pissy bitches!” Charlotte slurred, still coughing. Lula couldn’t see but Rosie’s face burned a rosy red. Rosie clenched both fists. Lula turned to face Charlotte. She was struggling to stand still. Both groggy and choking on smoke, a short wall of fire slowly approaching her from behind, she looked helpless and somewhat defeated. Another scream from the trees. All the girls loosened and gazed into the flames with concern. Charlotte’s face dropped. Was she starting to realise this was all one big mistake? Another scream. A more high pitched one. Sakura’s voice? Lula and Rosie shared a worried gaze. Lula took a step forwards. Rosie grabbed her wrist.

“You can’t…” Rosie whimpered. Lula wiped her eyes. They were stinging. How is Charlotte not crying yet? What’s she on? She took another step. She was really considering running to help. She didn’t know who but just to help… someone? Anyone?

“Lule’s…” Rosie whimpered again, tightening her grip on Lula’s wrist. Lula shook Rosie’s hand away. She turned to face her.

“Go. Go home” she demanded. Lula looked down at Rosie’s jeans. “Go home. Change. Get safe. I’ll call you” she hurriedly ordered. Rosie looked at her with tears in her eyes. They both knew what Lula was about to do was completely stupid. The girls hugged tightly. They pushed their faces into each other’s shoulders and tok deep breaths. They didn’t smell too smoky yet.

“Go” Lula demanded again. Rosie let go of Lula, wiped her face, and ran back the way they came. Lule turned to face Charlotte.

“We can help them!” she offered. Charlotte had no expression. “We can!” Lula offered again. Charlotte didn’t reply.

“Fine! Fuck you Charlotte! This is your fault! Stay here and be a bitch!” Lula yelled at Charlotte. She didn’t run. She wanted to see where she was going. As well as she could anyway. She stormed past Charlotte. Charlotte watched her go.

“Last chance?” Lula offered once more. Charlotte just stared, wobbling on the spot. Lula sighed and carried on.

It was hot. It was smoky. Lula trod carefully as she took each step towards the screaming. TOWARDS the fire. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Bitch. Turn back. Turn back. Help Sakura. Find Tom. Urrrgghhhh. She had conflicting thoughts but had already pushed forwards. Her eyes continued to burn. She kept rubbing them. The patches of flames on the floor heated the denim of her jeans. Her legs, and especially her ankles, were beginning to feel hot. Too hot. If she stayed low she got hot and sweaty. If she stood up he started to choke.

Another scream. A muffled shout from a male.

Lula flinched, turned, and decided to run. Big mistake. She immediately stepped into a puddle of flames and lifted her right foot in surprise. She lost her balance and fell backwards. She winced as she hit the floor and rubbed her eyes again. Her jeans were scorching against her skin. She frantically moved her head around. Disoriented from the fall, all Lula could see was flickering orange and yellow. The roar and crackle of fire surrounded her. Tears leaked from her red, puffy eyes. Is this it. I should have gone with Rosie. I should have gone. I should have gone. Fucking idiot. This is it. I tried to help. I shouldn’t have helped. I had to help. This is it. Fucking stupid.

Lula spun around on her backside, trying to recognise the way she came from. Stupidly, she spun enough times to lose all sense of direction. Sticks still crackled. Wood popped. Sweat poured down her face. Suddenly she was pulled to the floor from behind.

Lula struggled frantically, kicking up leaves and dirt. A tree root dug between her shoulder blades. She coughed and spluttered. A constant stream of tears rolled down her cheeks. Her eyelids, red and swollen, stinging her vision, were almost impossible to keep open. The skin on her arms and face blushed and sweaty. Her jeans still warm. An odd, familiar feeling she thought. She didn’t think she had… It had all happened so quickly. Panic had set in.

Groggy, unbalanced, and towering over Lula, Charlotte and slumped down with her right knee cushioned against the dirt to Lula’s left side. Lula could only just make out her white top and blonde hair through her watered vision. She had to close her eyes again. She had to squeeze them shut. Her breathing became erratic.

After a few seconds of supporting Charlotte’s dead weight Lula felt her move. Attempting to stand, Charlotte’s mouth breathing became heavier. What’s she doing? What’s she…

Lula aggressively wiped down her eyes and tried to open them once again. Charlotte was glaring down at her, fists clenched. Lula clamped her eyes closed again. Keeping them open was too painful. But she had to see. She had to prepare for whatever was going to happen. She wiped again and squinted. She could make out Charlotte coughing herself. One more quick wipe. Her face scrunched in sweat as a stinging pain pulsated around her eyes. Breathe. Just open… eyes…

Charlotte was leaning forwards. Her hand coming closer to Lula’s face. Lula winced. She flinched. She scrunched her nose and held her breath. Time stood still.

Lula opened her eyes as well as she could. Charlotte was still on top of her extending a hand. She hadn’t hit her.

“Get up then dickhead!” Charlotte yelled. Lula paused. What the fuck?

“Get up!” she yelled again, this time grabbing Lula’s hand and pulling. What. The. Fuck?

Lula pushed up from the floor and let Charlotte help her up.

“Come on!” Charlotte yelled again, keeping hold of Lula’s hand and tugging at it. Lula frantically shoved her spare hand between her legs. They were warm. Hot in fact. But they weren’t wet. It was just heat. Relieved, especially in front of Charlotte, she let Charlotte pull her away.

Slowly, and not so carefully, Lula was pulled left and right; around trees and through thick smoke. After a while the air became clearer. They were escaping the smoke. Escaping the heat. They carried on through the undergrowth before almost tripping out onto a footpath. They stopped, letting go of each other’s hands, and leaned forwards to catch their breath. Looking back, Lula couldn’t see more than ten meters into the treeline. Bright, flaming glows could be seem flickering as plumes of dirty grey and black rose through the tree branches. Both girls were breathing heavily.

“Where’s Rosie?” Lula asked.

Charlotte shook her head. She hadn’t seen her.

“Why?” Lula asked again, unwillingly sounding angry.

“I didn’t see her” Charlotte slurred.

“No… why come and get me?”

Charlotte shook her head again, panting.

“Rosie!” Lula tried to shout. Her throat was becoming rough. It felt like running bare muscle over sandpaper when she tried to speak.

“Roasiiie” she tried to shout again. It hurt. Her throat started to ache.

The bright blue amongst the branches above them started to disappear behind black.

“Come on” Charlotte said, still catching her breath. Lula didn’t want to but knew they had to keep moving. This time with their hands to their selves, they stumbled on and off track to wherever the cleanest air was. A few times Lula had to help Charlotte up as she had slumped to a knee or bashed into a tree.

It seemed like hours but they eventually saw a bellow of light at the end of the footpath they had been following. The girls burst out into a residential estate. The street was empty. There was a faint smell of smoke. Charlotte hobbled off to the left and Lula followed. Now back out in the open, Lula could see peeling skin and burnt skin up Charlotte’s legs. Her hair had become dry and knotted. Her shorts were muddy and grass stained. Her white top was torn and equally as dirty. Lula had no idea where Charlotte was leading her but they kept moving. She had no idea how bad she looked. They eventually reached a main road. Sirens came into earshot. People were stood on the street peering and point up above the rooftops from where they’d came from. The girls turned and, oddly, admired the plume of black smoke erupting from the treetops behind the estate. People started to notice the girls. They started speaking loudly and fumbling around.

“Are you okay?”

“Are you hurt?”

“Call an ambulance!”

“Come here”

There was a sudden interest in Lula and Charlotte. Lula realised she must also look a state if people were this worried. Overwhelmed with the commotion, Lula looked left and looked right and spun around. She didn’t know who to respond to. She also couldn’t clearly see. People exclaimed in shock and surrounded Charlotte. She had collapsed. Her breathing was shallow. Lula carefully sat herself down on the kerb and accepted a bottle of water from someone. She had no idea who but knew it was bring thrusted in her face. She spluttered as she sipped and closed her eyes. They burnt. They throbbed. She was crying but the build up of tears against her puffy eyelids stung even more. Her breaths were short but controlled. Sweat continued to drip from her chin.

She could hear the crowd around Charlotte on her left hand side. The adrenaline was starting to wear off and with that her ability to think straight. She became dizzy. She felt like the world around her was spinning and wobbling. Her stomach jumped and she felt sick but the contraction of her throat made her dryly cough. The soreness of her throat was starting to pulsate through her as the need to escape was fading away. Her arms and legs felt limp as her forehead fizzed and felt cold. Lula then also fell backwards onto the tarmac below. The ground was solid but oddly comfortable. She still couldn’t open her eyes. Tears leaked from the sides of her eyes and down her cheeks. She felt a rush of water over her forehead where someone was gently tipping a bottle over her to cool her down. Her breathing slowed as the pain became stronger.

I… I… Hmphhh. Hmphhh. I… She couldn’t think straight. She was in so much pain but was aware she was now safe. The feeling of safety blanketed her and she let her body relax. Then it happened. With all her focus on trying to breath with as little pain as possible, her bladder relaxed and she felt the warm denim against her crotch dampen and become heavy. She felt the rush of pee against her underwear and soak her backside against the curb. She heard the shock of people and shuffling around. It was already happening and she couldn’t stop it. It felt good against the throb of her throat. With each exhale she felt her bladder push a bit more as her pee escaped in waves. She heard a siren in the distance come closer and closer. It was almost as the pee finished dripping from beneath her jeans Lula could no longer feel the brightness of the sky inside her eyelids as everything went quiet and black.

*241*2021-05-29 21:05

Just a quick one to say thank you to everyone. Your kind words have helped me and I do sometimes look back and smile; so thank you, really. I know I'm not active much and don't always respond but everything you say is appreciated <3

*242*2021-05-31 21:43

What happened?

The lift doors slid shut. Rosie’s jeans were saturated. She was curled up in a puddle of her own pee. Lula’s heart pumped. She was out of breath. The lift wobbled as it moved. Rosie cried into her arms. Lula stared as the screen above the doors flashed before they read ‘Floor 4’. The lift dinged. The doors slid open.

Lula turned around and looked down to pick up Rosie. She wasn’t there. The lift had opened on both sides. Thick stems and oversized leaves invaded the doorway. Lula could hear a bellowing laugh in the distance. She flinched hard as a loud bang went off. Her ears rung. She heard a flock of birds rustle the tall plants. She whimpered, turned around, and began running. She felt her skin scratch and her clothes tear as she sprinted through the plants. She felt the beads of sweat trickle down her forehead. The overbearing plants blocked direct sunlight but kept the heat to the ground. She heard another loud bang behind her. Her heart fell from her chest and she skidded in the mud, grabbing a thick stem to keep her balance. Pulling the plant harder, she turned right and scrambled forwards again. She was panting heavily.

The laughing behind her lessened as Lula burst from the field of crops. She leaned forwards with her hands on her knees completely out of breath. She was at the corner. It was night. The cool breeze tickled her bare skin where her clothes had been cut. She wiped her forehead hard and looked up. Tom? Dressed as Spider-Man? No. No!

After another deep breath, Lula turned and ran again. Where’s Rosie? Where’d she go? Lula shot a look down the streets as she ran down the middle of the road. It had started to rain. Cars drove past her on both sides. Tyres sloshed through the puddles at the kerb. Suddenly she was dazed by some bright headlights. Rubber screeched in the road as she lifted her hands to her face. Still out of breath and now whimpering, Lula leaped right and onto the pavement. She heard the vehicle speed past. Each of the tyres driving through the big puddle before her. Each time she was soaked in dirty rain water. Her jeans were soaked the first time. Her lower shirt and jeans again on the second. The loud bang again. The farmer?! A shotgun?! In the streets?! Oh fuck!

Lula, now scared, rushed to her feet and began to run again. She felt a new splash each time a car drove past. They seemed to be driving faster with each thump of the shotgun in the distance behind her. Her feet were beginning to ache as she pounded against the pavement. She frantically skidded towards the corner of her street and to her front door. She pulled her schoolbag round to her front and looked for her keys. They weren’t there. What the fuck? What the fuck!?

Lula dropped the bag at her feet. She gasped. When did I put on my school uniform? She raised her arms to see the sleeves of her school jumper pulled to her elbows. The cuts to her skin from the field were still there. The jumper was heavy from the rain. But it was no longer raining. She looked left and right then turned with her back to the door. It was late evening. The sun was gently setting behind the rooftops. There was a strong smell of wet tarmac from where it had been raining. This wasn’t her street?

Lula turned again to see the door to Rosie’s house wide open. Trying to catch her breath she hopped inside and slammed it closed. She winced then listened. Quiet. Will he find me here? He can’t find me here?

A long, dark passageway greeted her as she turned away from the door. Ambient red lighting guided her to the end. The overbearing screen of the cinema flashed grey then white then black and grey again. A subtle static noise filled the room. The door made a sound behind her. Lula jumped and jumped towards the seating above her. The door swung open, hitting the wall next to it. The noise echoed throughout the room.

Lula cradled herself on the floor in the middle of a row of seats. Spilt coke and popcorn littered the floor. A shotgun was cocked. She clamped her mouth with her right hand. Her left hand grasped the seat to her left. It was wet. The velvet fabric was soaked through. Her backside began to damped as she realised the floor beneath her was also wet. She let it swing upwards as liquid quietly dripped from the seat.

Single, evenly spaced, but loud footsteps hit the floor. One, after another, after another. She could hear the faint heavy breathing of an unfit man. Lula’s heartbeat echoed through her head. She thought he could hear it.

The shotgun was fired. Lula slammed her eyes shut and curled up tighter than before. The noise bellowed and echoed through the room as shards of plastic and roofing fell from the ceiling. Lula could feel dust and bits of roof fall into her hair. Her hand trembled against her face. She desperately tried not to scream out loud.

Another step. He was getting closer. He was climbing the stairs between the rows of seats. She had to move. She knew it. After a few, quick, deep breaths Lula clambered backwards over the sticky, littered floor. She heard the man grunt. He knows I’m here. He heard me. Fuckfuckfuck!

She looked towards the ceiling to see smoke bellowing from the hole. Flicks and sparks of bright orange hidden behind thick, black smog. The layer of smoke had started to descend towards the floor once she saw it. She had to escape.

At the end of the row of seats she looked left and saw the bright green exit sign above a door. Her eyes were fixed on it. Her nose beginning to fill with smoke. She uncontrollably coughed. The shotgun went off again. Lula fell to the floor, tears forming in her eyes, her throat desperate to cough and splutter. Some of the seats were now on fire. She turned back to see the fat man at the end of the row. There was a wall of fire behind him. He pointed the shotgun down the row of chairs. Lula curled up and literally rolled out of the way. Her back ached as she fell down two steps. Pushing herself from the floor she darted towards the exit door. The bright green light just about visible through the suffocating smoke. With another loud blast from the shotgun behind her, she burst through the door and pushed it shut behind her.

Lula’s heart skipped a beat as she was surrounded by people in fancy dress. Her eyes began to water as she heard Charlotte’s piercing laugh from the next room. No. Nononononono. She could feel her hair was thick with smoke and knew she had been sat in a puddle of… something? Her hands were sticky from the floor. She can’t be seen like this.

Pushing through the group in front of her, Lula raced up the stairs. She could feel the dampness of her school tights stick to the hard wood flooring as she climbed. A faint ‘shlap’ sound with each step. Atop the stairs the noise of the people lessened. Lula burst into the room on her right and closed the door. She took a second to catch her breath. She closed her eyes. Once open she peered down to the airbed on the floor. The same airbed she used at Rosie’s. The same sheet too with a huge wet spot over it. Crumpled at the end as a pair of black jeans. But this was her room? She was home. She was safe. Tears rolled down her face as she fell face down onto her bed. Her pillow absorbed her tears. She turned around and pulled the duvet tightly up to her neck. She took a deep breath. She was safe. She was relaxed. She wasn’t being chased. Everything was okay.

As she got comfortable, Lula’s muscled began to go limp. She had stopped wiggling her toes and her hands had fallen from the duvet. As she felt herself drift off she naturally started to pee. She felt the familiar pooling of the warm liquid beneath her. The undeniable hiss of someone wetting the bed. She could feel her underwear soak and the dribble of pee fall from her. The puddle grew and she felt it tickle her lower back. Her breathing had slowed back to a normal rate. She was safe.

~

The feeling was all too familiar. Lula scrunched her face. It hurt. She moved her hands towards her waist. The sheet was wet? The sheet is wet.

“Fuck!” Lula whimpered as she attempted to sit upright. She only managed to raise her head. Now awake, she was fully aware that she was indeed peeing. Her muscles had already relaxed. She couldn’t stop it now. It didn’t feel as good anymore.

Everything was dark. What were these green lights around her room? Her bed felt funny? Stiffer? Less comfortable? Her pillow softer? This isn’t my duvet? Lula glared down at her covers and saw they were a sheer white. She could at least tell that much in the darkness of the room. An artificial ambient light shone around the doorframe far off to her left.

My door isn’t there? That’s not my door!? This isn’t my room!?

She tried to push herself up even more. It hurt. Her chest hurt. She coughed. That hurt more. She fell back to the bed. She coughed again, spitting into her hands. She groaned.

Lula eventually rested her head into the pillow and turned it right. Usually her wall would be there but she could see further into the room. A window was about five meters away. She could make out another light from somewhere outside and a… curtain between her and it? A curtain? Shower curtain? What the…?

As Lula was taking in her surroundings, she noticed the tall unit beside her. She had her own green lights. What the fuck? Her neck hurt to turn. She was forced to look forwards again. But back to the matter at hand, she remembered she had just wet the bed. Not her bed. But a bed. She patted the sheet beneath her just to confirm. It was confirmed. Everything was soaked and still slightly warm.

This must be a dream too? It MUST be? Still unsure and a bit groggy, Lula convinced herself this was all fake. The only thing that felt real was the big wet patch beneath her that was getting progressively colder. She sighed. There was nothing she could do. Her body hurt. She didn’t know where she was. She thought she should just go back to sleep.

The door to her left opened up. She froze. The guy with the gun? Fuck. Fuckfuckfuck. What could she do? She closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep. That’s all she could do… right? A pair of flat top shot shuffled along the hard floor. She could feel the ambience of a light despite her eyes being closed. The shuffling footsteps came closer before stopping next to her bed. A hand. A hand was touching her bed. Her cover was being lifted. Her…

“Oop” murmured a gentle voice, “Oh dear” it said again.

“Are you awake, Miss?”

Lula didn’t reply.

“Miss?” asked the voice again, still quietly.

Lula caved and opened her eyes, turning towards the welcoming voice.

“Hello” smiled a young woman in blue scrubs, “you appear to have…” Lula could make out that she was pointing at her bed.

“Wet the bed” she mouthed with some voice coming out. Lula felt her face get sore with redness. She nodded guiltily.

“Are you happy for me to…” she began, “change you?” she mouthed again.

“Who are you?” Lula whispered. It seemed appropriate to stay the same volume as the woman.

“I’m on of the nurses here” she replied.

“Nurses?”

“Yes, Miss. You’re in hospital. You’ve been asleep for about a day”

About. About a DAY!? WHAT THE FUCK.

“What… what happened?

