Samus's Bladder Desperation, Planet: Elysia

Author: happyjoe

*000*2014-04-02 03:16

Samus landed her ship on the planet Elysia, in a rocky canon. She walked outside in her zero suit as her foot steps echoed across the rocks. She looked forward at the long dusty road heading to a cave. She had one simple mission, collect the Pawa gem from SkyTown. The road headed to a cave which lead up to a elevator that would take her to the SkyTown. Normally she would just land in one of the docking bays, but a rain storm was covering the whole city , making it impossible to land.

The Pawa gem was a request from a company named Kontorōru, which needs it for a new city they’re building. She made her way to the entrance of the cave. She pulled out her Paralyzer gun and looked inside the cave. It was lit up by a plant called Hikari, which gives off light when it is submerged in darkness, which gave Samus a walkway to the elevator.

As she took the first step in the cave she felt a heavy pressure feeling above her crotch in her bladder. She stopped and grabbed her crotch, remembering the several bottles of FuFu berry flavored Jones Soda she had before she landed. “Crap…” Samus said to herself as she tightly clenched her crotch. “It would be a waste of time to go back to the ship now… I can hold it” she thought confidently. She put both of her hands on her gun and kept moving down the long, twisting cave. She looked at her map on her computer wrist band. “Huh, the elevator is still pretty far away, why did there have to be a storm?!”

She soon approached the final section before the elevator up to SkyTown, a long flight of stairs, made by the Chozo. Samus felt the heaviness in her clitoris greaten and a new feeling, a feeling of tightness. Samus holstered her gun and put both hands on her cooch. “Geez...why did I drink all of that...Damn it!” She looked up the flight of stairs and sighed. Squeezing her crotch one last time, she let go and grabbed her gun again. She slowly started up the stairs in a squatting position with her thighs close together.

Unknowing to Samus, the ceiling of this part of the cave had a group of Shriekbats holding on to it.The bats woke up when they heard Samus’s footsteps on the stairs.Some of the bats flew off to a different part of the cave, but one stayed, and watched Samus carefully. This Shriekbat didn’t like new creatures in its territory. It swooped down at Samus. Samus was caught completely off guard and was surprised. The bat knocked her on to the stairs, her bladder was squashed against the stairs and her legs were thrown apart. Samus’s vagina squirted out a couple ounces of urine, filling the crotch of her zero suit with warm liquid.

She flipped around and shot her gun at the Shriekbat, hitting it, and then watched it fall to the ground. When she stood up she felt something run down her legs, a wet, yet warm, drops of urine rolled down her legs. She looked down at her warm,dark,wet crotch and legs and felt her face heat up. “I haven’t wetted… nevermind, I have to keep going.” she thought to herself. She took a step up the stairs and felt the heavy tight feeling above her crotch again. “Maybe there is a restroom in the SkyTown” she growled to herself.

Finally she reached the elevator, and with both hands on her crotch and legs crossed she got in and pushed the up button. Five minutes passed and the elevator was still going up.Samus began tapping her foot and tightened her thighs closer together. Suddenly the elevator came to a very harsh stop, flinging her into the opposite wall, springing another small leak. Out her clitoris rushed out a ounce of warm golden liquid which began to collect with the other urine in her suit, darkening the butt area of her suit before going down her legs. Samus quickly regained control of her bladder as the elevator doors opened.

She walked out into a long hallway as she began to get the slight smell of urine coming from her crotch. When she pushed her thighs together she heard the squishing of liquid in her suit. Samus face turned from red to a deep scarlet purple, and her eyes began to water. She gripped her crotch with one hand and grabbed her face with the other. Gathering up her marbles, she walked down the hallway and opened the door to hear the worst possible thing she could hear, the sound of rain drops. Now putting both over her hands on her privates, she walked out into the cold rain. She started to look for the power room, where the Pawa gem is. She carefully removed her right hand from her crotch, so she could use her wrist computer. As she looked at her preprogrammed map, the sound rain started to get to her as is began to make water rush down the street. Her vagina squirted out pee every minute or two as Samus tried to keep it under control.

In the rain she couldn’t see the shape of the a dog like creature named Lupus, in the distance. The animal had only been discovered a year ago, and few people knew about it. The dog had no eyes and relied on its keen sense of smell it see the world around it. At the moment there was one smell that is powerful enough for it to detecting the rain, Samus’s urine. The Lupus, like the Skriekbat, didn’t like new creatures in its home, as it smelled the urine in the air it took it was a sign of fear. Samus noticed just as it lunged at her. Her warrior instinct turned on put her computer arm up to block the Lupus’s bite and reach for her gun with the other. The dog creature's bite smashed the wrist computer, but it gave Samus enough time to grab her gun and fire it at the creatures body. The creature had never been shot by a beam before and was filled with the fear it smelled. It quickly turned around and kicked its back legs into Samus’s lower stomach, using her as a launching pad.

As the Lupus ran way, Samus slammed back into a wall and then her back slid down it till she reached the floor. She lost complete control of her bladder and just gave up on trying to hold it in. Her urine shot out like a jet, warming her legs, crotch and bottom. Soon a puddle formed around her and as the warm air the puddle gave of touched the cold air, steam began to appear in the air. It was a few minutes before the flow stopped, it felt to Samus like she peed over two liters. From her rump down, her suit was darkened, wet, and warm from the amount of urine Samus released. The smell and puddle both doubled in in strength and size from the beginning to the end.

Samus slowly stood up and looked down at herself. She felt burning embarrassment and sweet relief at the same time.”What am I going to do...?” she said. The storm started to clear up and she made her way to the power room. Taking the Pawa gem, she used one of the computers to call her ship to the docking pad. She walked on to her ship, still red in the face and very wet from her accident. A bit of humiliation stayed with her like the urine smell around her, which wouldn’t get washed out anytime soon. She sat down and started up her ship, setting her coordinates to her employer's location. As her ship took off she though “This is definitely not worth the pay…”

______

This is my first fic so please tell me what you think of it. Anything sort of feed back, suggestions, or complaints is welcome!

*004*2014-04-02 14:01

{{: 

Urine does not come out a girl's clitoris. Nothing comes out of a girl's clitoris. Pee comes out of the urethra, which is not a part of the vagina.

}}

Thanks antifairy, I'll remeber that in the future. I've never been too good at anatomy.

*005*2014-04-02 14:23

{{: 

Pretty good story, any other video games who could do omo fanfics about?

}}

Thanks! I plan on doing some fics involving Resident Evil, Final Fantasy and Street Fighter to name a few ideas.

{{: 

Though I would've enjoyed a fear accident, I still thought this was a neat story. Nice work.

}}

Thank you! Maybe I'll add more fear concepts into my next one.

*008*2014-04-02 16:32

{{: 

It's really basic anatomy that pee and babies don't come out of the same hole...people messing that up is one reason I get annoyed by so much omorashi fiction.

}}

Ya I know it's basic, but thanks for pointing it out guys, I really appreciate it, hopefully I won't make another childish mistake like this agian.

*014*2014-04-21 15:00

{{: 

Agree with anime_kid and the others. I also read the clitoris thing and then just skipped on to see what everyone else would say. And yep, as expected.

Knowing how things work in a woman (and man) is pretty important if you want to write something decent. And, to add (you were fine there!), neat language. I don't even like the word "piss", let alone "pussy".

(I'm not really into fantasy stuff btw.)

}}

Thanks for feedback Ben! I rather not use the words piss and pussy, they feel immature to me, I don't know why. I'll probably never live this clitoris mistake down, but I plan on never doing it again.

