The Sphere - Page 2

Author: SashaButters

*026*2015-11-09 21:45

Becca was in and out of consciousness all through-out the night. The first time she came too was when her father began shouting her name. She briefly opened her eyes and made contact with his. Trevor was kneeling over her on the floor wearing an expression she had never seen before. He was ghostly pale and his green eyes were wide with fright as they moved all up and down her body. He seemed to be unsure of what to do with his hands as they hovered over her line of sight before retracting and repeating the process.

“Becca,” He said softly before she closed her eyes again unable to withstand the pain in her back any longer.

When she opened her eyes the second time she was lying on a gurney while bright lights everywhere forced her to squint. Becca could hear voices, but couldn’t make out what they who they belonged to or what they were saying. The amount of pain she was in was so extreme that if it wasn’t for lack of strength she probably would be screaming. She was far beyond using a Numeric Pain Scale and if there were a facial representation to express her discomfort, it would be holding a gun to its head and puling the trigger.

Someone in a surgical mask appeared in front her and began speaking, but she didn’t understand much of what was being said. “Hurts,” She finally managed to get out.

“That’s good,” They responded. What was possibly good about what she was feeling? She felt hands beginning to roll her over on her side, before something hard was slid underneath her. “On the count of three,” The same voice said before she felt herself get lifted and slid onto a table. “This will help.” They said injecting something into Becca’s back as she moaned and clutched at the sheets before gladly falling back into unconsciousness.

###

When Becca finally woke for the third time she heard something she hadn’t expected- the sound of waves crashing on the shore. She slowly opened her eyes to find herself lying on her back in the sand of what appeared to be a beach. Becca slowly sat up feeling surprised to find she could fully move without any pain. How had she ended up from snow to sand, she wondered.

“You’re awake.” Becca heard turning to find a black haired lady in green scrubs stretched out on a beach towel next to her. “Just relax for a bit.” She said when she saw her confused expression. Becca moved her head to side and caught a glimpse of long brown hair growing out of her head instead of her normal black. She was Sasha? So that’s what was going on; this was virtual reality.

“Where am I really?” Becca asked.

“Recovering from surgery in the hospital.” The woman answered. “Do you remember anything that happened? Becca tried as hard as she could to remember, but all she could come up with was the sensation of pain and nothing else. “Hmm, let’s see.” The woman in scrubs said as she searched for something in her field of vision. “Becca Strokes? Is that correct?” Becca nodded. “Or would you prefer to be called Sasha here?” The woman continued without waiting for a reply. “You’re a lucky one. Says here you were shot in the back.”

“How does that make me lucky?” Becca blurted out.

“You’re alive; that’s something to be thankful for. Also says one inch closer to the right and you would have spent the rest of your life paralyzed from the waist down. Sounds pretty lucky to me.” Becca nodded her head in agreement; she couldn’t argue with that logic. What was she doing when she was shot though? And why would anyone want to shoot her outside a game? Would she be ok in time for the SPP? It was coming up in a few weeks. Either way she’d be ok if it was only a partial dive, but how would this affect a full? Would they disqualify her for getting injured? Brian would be so disappointed in her- Becca’s eyes went wide as she began remembering the previous night. The drug, the break in, getting shot in the back and …Brian! Was he here too? She craned her neck this way and that to get a better look, but all she could see was sand and water. They were the only two people on what appeared to be an island.

“My brother, what happened to my brother Brian?” asked Becca. The woman seemed to be checking something, but after a moment she shook her head.

“Sorry, hun, it doesn’t say. Did he get hurt too?” Becca nodded before letting out a worried sigh. “I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about. There’s plenty of time to meet up later. Right now you just relax, until it’s time to go back to reality.”

A flashing red light in Becca’s vision stopped her from arguing further. She opened up her messenger and breathed a sigh of relief. It was from Brian. He must be recovering in virtual reality too, but the message made Becca scratch her head. It didn’t sound like someone who was recovering.

“What’s his name? I’ll look him up in the system and tell you what room he’s in.”

“Brian Strokes,” said Becca as she stared at his message again.

“I don’t see any record of anyone with that name having been checked in recently.” She said. How strange, Becca thought. She could have sworn he was hurt. Oh well, as long as he said he was ok that was good enough for her at the moment she thought as she picked up a handful of sand and watched it as it fell from underneath her closed fist.

“Are you my nurse?” Becca asked after a moment of silence.

“No, I’m not a nurse. I just watch the patients and keep them calm when they wake up here.”

“Oh, I see.” Said Becca.

“Not everyone is as familiar with virtual reality as you are. Some of our older patients complained after thinking they were dead- so here I am.”

“Why a beach though?”

“We live in a cold climate, so we wanted our patients to feel like they were on a vacation, but apparently we went passed that and went for an after-life theme.” She said with a laugh as Becca smiled. “My name is Susan, and I will be your guide to the after-life. Please enjoy your stay.”

Becca scanned the horizon and watched the waves crash down onto the shoreline. She had never been to a real beach before, so this was kind of nice. She stood up, stretched and walked around knowing it might be a while before she was able to again if what she had been told was true. She walked up and down the shoreline for a bit before standing in the tide wishing she could feel the waves wash over the tops of her feet. She found a grouping of tide pools and amused herself with the creatures inside. For a hospital beach simulator it was pretty detailed. There were purple and red starfish along with a few sand dollars. She even found a few crabs scurrying in between the moss-covered rocks. After a while though she grew bored and began to head back towards Susan and sit with her in the sand.

“No one told me the after life would be this boring.” Said Becca.

“Would you rather be lying in a hospital bed in pain?”

“Shutting up.” Becca said planting her butt in the sand. “Is it usually just you in here all day?”

“There’s normally more than one person, but you’re the only one in recovery right now. Once you get out of here you can interact with other patients. Looks like they will be waking you up in about thirty or so more minutes.” Becca nodded as she stared out at the horizon for a bit longer. “You look worried about something.” Susan said sitting up on her beach towel. “Are you scared about waking up?”

“A little bit,” Becca answered honestly.

“We all have to face reality sooner or later. Just think less than ten years ago people had to stay in their hospital beds when they recovered. Now we can just send their consciousness somewhere else while their body does all the work for them. Cut’s down on the amount of painkillers we have to give it and lowers the chance of addiction.”

“Ugh, I couldn’t imagine.” Said Becca cringing. While this certainly was no paradise, it certainly beat the reality of post surgery recovery. The two talked for a little while longer until Susan informed her it was time to wake up.

###

Becca grimaced a bit when the helmet was lifted off of her and she was met with the sight of a different woman in scrubs. Her back painfully throbbed underneath all the bandages that wrapped around her and it was all she could do to keep from tearing up. She glanced around the room and found her mother asleep in one of the chairs.

“She hasn’t left for three days.” The nurse told her. Three days? That’s how long she was out for? She was only at the beach for a few hours, wasn’t she? Heather slowly began to stir after a few minutes and opened her eyes to find Becca looking at her. She sprang to her feet, wrapping her arms around her neck as Becca moaned in pain.

“Sorry, honey, I’m just so relieved you’re ok.” Heather said pulling back and wiping her watery eyes. Becca saw the dark circles and bags underneath her mother’s eye lids and her face seemed paler than usual. “I thought we were going to lose you too.”

“Lose me too?”

“Becca,” Heather said lightly cupping her daughters’ cheek in the palm of her hand. “Brian didn’t make it.”

*027*2015-11-10 05:27

{{ 

Something tells me that(spoilered in case I predict a plot twist)

{{ 

Bryan made a backup of his mind and set-up a dead man switch to release it into the sphere.

}}

Still, now Becca has personal reasons to fight for what's right in both the real and virtual worlds.

}}

Guess you'll just have to wait and see :D

*030*2015-11-10 20:56

Chapter Six

Becca sat in stunned silence as she let her mom sit on the bed and wrap her arms around her while Becca rested her head on her mom’s shoulders. She stared blankly at the wall as tried to digest that latest bit of information, but no matter how hard she tried to comprehend the words and what they meant, it just wouldn’t sink in.

It wasn’t true, she finally told herself. He had sent her a message in game. The more she thought about it the more she was convinced he was alive. His message hadn’t made sense before, but now it was clear as day. Becca, I’m ok; no matter what anyone tells you. For whatever reason he wanted everyone to believe he was dead. The only way to get to the bottom of this was to ask him.

“I have to go back in the Sphere.” She said amongst the noise of her mothers sniffling.

“Becca, no!” Heather said gripping her a little too tightly.

“I need to go, I need answers!” Becca said trying as carefully as she could peel herself away.

“Becca, running away isn’t going to solve anything. We need to talk about this.”

“No! He’s alive! I need to go talk to him!” Becca said looking up at the helmet and wondering how she could get it down. She refused to believe he was dead…he couldn’t be.

“He’s gone, Becca…” Heather whispered as her eyes changed from bright green to red as tears began pouring down her face only serving to cause Becca’s own to burn with hot moisture. “He was already dead when we found you.” She said breaking down in heavy sobs resulting in Becca doing the same. “What happened that night? Please tell me; I need to know.” Heather said once both had felt completely emotionally drained and exhausted.

This was the last thing Becca wanted to think about. She shook her head and tried to lie back down, but her mom insisted on information to the point of starting one of their many arguments.

“Some people broke in.” Becca said softly barely over a whisper.

“Why? Were they people Brian knew?”

“I don’t know.” Becca said numbly.

“Did they take anything?”

“I don’t know. They were after something Brian was working on.” She didn’t want to think about it, but images of that night kept flashing in her mind. If she had just listened to him he would still be alive. If she hadn’t charged at them and tried to fight one of them, the gun never would have gone off. That’s what the popping noise was. It was the shot that hit him. She killed Brian. It’s all your fault. Either she killed him or he was alive somewhere laying low for some reason.

“What were they after? What did they look like?” Heather continued.

“I don’t remember.” Becca said growing more agitated. She just wanted to be left alone.

“Well how many of them were there?”

“I don’t remember.” Becca said again in a monotone voice to keep herself from yelling. She didn’t want to talk about it, she just wanted to sleep and never wake up.

“Were they young or old?”

“I don’t remember.” Becca said lying back and closing her eyes.

“Becca, answer me seriously, damn it! Someone killed Brian and you’re the only witness. Show some sympathy!” Heather yelled.

“I said I don’t remember!” Becca yelled back.

“Are you saying you can’t even remember a single detail, or you just don’t want to?” Heather said rising from the bed. “I’ve been here for three days worried out of my mind without a single clue what happened.”

“I don’t want to talk about it.” Becca said.

“Tough, my son is dead so start spilling everything you know.”

“I don’t want to talk about it! I don’t want to think about it! I don’t want to remember! I just want to sleep!” Becca yelled.

“Please,” Heather said dropping her voice. “What did he die for?”

“Mrs. Strokes,” the nurse said pulling Heather aside. “She just survived a traumatizing situation. Give her some space and let her rest.”

“But the longer we wait-“

“The police will come and question her later today.“ The nurse said guiding her out of the room. “Why don’t you go down to the cafeteria and get a cup of coffee while I get her cleaned up?” Becca sighed in relief when she saw the nurse walk her mom out of her hospital room. She thought maybe she could get some sleep now, but she was wrong. All she could think about was how she was responsible for Brian’s death.

“Everything all right?” The nurse asked after knocking on the door once and letting herself in. Becca remained silent and stared ahead at the blank white wall in front of her. “You two always fight like that?” she asked pushing in a cart full of plastic tubs.

“Sometimes.” Becca mumbled.

“Death of a loved one affects everyone differently.” The nurse said removing one of the tubs and filling it with warm water from the sink.

“I guess,” Becca said closing her eyes, but she quickly opened them when she felt hands beginning to undress her. She groaned a little in pain as her arms were physically manipulated out of her hospital gown. When that was finally off she glanced down and frowned at her underwear. Some kind of absorbent butt sponge she thought as she poked at briefly. She supposed it was necessary if she had been unconscious for three days, but she was more than happy when the nurse removed it even if she was now completely naked save for some bandages.

In any normal circumstance she would have felt more than weirded out that a complete stranger was giving her a sponge bath, but she was too numb at the moment to care. “The wounds healing nicely.” The nurse commented as she gently removed the bandages in order to clean underneath them and put them to the side in Becca’s line of sight. Becca cringed as she saw all the blood. It was one thing to see pretend wounds in the virtual world, but it was completely different to see her real blood. She assumed the wound had split open at some point, but the nurse seemed completely un- phased by it. If this is what it looked like when it was good, she hated to know what it would have looked like when it was bad.

Becca had been meaning to ask if she could go back into the virtual world, but by the time she had been washed, changed and helped with other personal matters at the nurses insistence, she could barely keep her eyes open. She hadn’t even complained when she had been put into another butt sponge and forced to lie on something that resembled a puppy pad. The last thing she saw before drifting into the sweet land of unconsciousness was her mom coming back into the room while the nurse covered her with a blanket.

###

The next couple of days seemed to be a repeat of each other. Soon they just completely blurred one after another other until Becca couldn’t even remember how long she had been here. Was it a week or a month? Was it day or night? Someone came once a day and helped her walk around the room. It hurt like hell, but every step she took put her a step closer to her freedom.

The police had come and taken her statement, but with her mom hovering over her and hanging on every word, Becca couldn’t say the real reason Brian had died. The guilt of what she had done was suffocating her to the point that it hurt worse than the pain in her back. So she took the cowards way out and lied. She told them she had been shot first along with what little information she had. As the days progressed she feared they would catch the intruders and they would point her out as the real culprit. Would they believe her if they told her it was an accident? Would her mom and family ever be able to forgive her?

Becca spent as many hours as she could sitting on the beach and watching the waves. Sometimes Susan sat with her and sometimes she sat alone. She religiously checked her messenger every five to ten minutes hoping for some sign of life from him. She sent him dozens of messages a day only to be met with silence. She was starting to believe he really was gone and that she had just imagined the first message until one day there was a sign of hope.

I’m okay; just need to lay low. Don’t tell anyone about anything.

Her heart soared in her chest. He was ok! He was alive! Was he upset with her? She’d deal with that later though. She could now focus on getting better. The second half of the SPP exam was fast approaching.

Although she felt like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders; it was immediately replaced by another. Her burden of guilt may have been partially relieved, but the misery on her parents face remained. Brian had specifically told her not to tell anyone and she assumed that meant her parents as well, but it hurt not to share in her joy and relief. As a result Becca felt herself pulling away from her parents. She couldn’t bear to see their misery any longer so she spent more and more time in virtual reality once she had been released from the hospital. Even when her time limit had been reached for the day, Becca chose to sit in her room instead of joining her family in the living room. The small amounts of time she did see them was often spent fighting over the smallest of things.

“Why are you spending all of your time in your room?”

“Don’t you roll your eyes at me!”

“Why aren’t you helping around the house?”

“Your rooms a mess”

“Don’t sit like that; it’s bad for your back.” Almost no matter what was said led to some kind of argument.

Finally fed up with the way her family’s relationship was falling apart, Becca soon found herself sitting on the couch of psychiatrist’s office. She wasn’t happy that her mom had scheduled her an appointment behind her back. Why did she even need to see one anyway? It wasn’t even a shrink, but a full on you’re crazy please take these pills for all of us physiatrist. After being reassured for the hundredth time that everything said would be confidential, Becca finally broke down and revealed to him the real reason behind her stress. Everything was her fault. Not only was it her fault, but now her brother, whom everyone believed was dead, was in hiding for some reason.

“So you’re saying you believe your brother is alive?” The Dr. asked scribbling on a note pad as Becca sat awkwardly in a chair staring at his bookshelf.

“Yes, he has to be.” Becca said. “He sent me messages telling me he was ok, but that I couldn’t tell anyone. You won’t tell anyone, right?”

“No, I won’t tell.” Dr. Finnick said writing something more down. “What did you feel when you first found out about your brothers death?” Becca frowned, she had just told him her brother was alive, so why was he still talking like he was dead?

“Guilty.” Becca admitted. “It was my fault he got shot.” She said feeling the emotions beginning to rise in her throat. “He had told me to run, but instead I tried to fight them.”

“And what happened?”

“I tried to fight for the gun, but it went off mid struggle and hit him.”

“That must be hard to deal with. How did your parents react to that?” He asked without looking up.

“They don’t know. It was hard to deal with, but I know my brothers alive, so it’s not so bad now.” Becca said playing with her shirtsleeve.

“You know, one of the first stages of grief is denial.” He said casually. Becca’s eyes narrowed. He didn’t believe her?

“But…”

“They found his body, Becca. You have to come to terms with the fact that your brother is gone.” He said finally looking up.

“No, he’s alive!” She insisted. “He was smart, he could have just made a double or something in his lab. Or maybe it wasn’t even him! Maybe he just-“

“Listen to yourself, Becca. You’re grasping at straws here. I think you’re under a lot of stress as a result and have created these messages as way to cope with the guilt you’re feeling.” Dr. Finnick said looking up from his notepad. Becca remained silent gripping the armrest with her fists. He thought she was crazy! She could feel her temper beginning to boil with every casual glance he made up at her. Holding on to the belief that her brother was alive was all that was keeping her going. Why was he trying to take that away from her? Not to mention there was no way she had imagined those messages! “I’m going to write you a prescription for some anti-depressant medication to help take the edge off.”

He handed Becca a prescription and she took it and jammed it down in her pants pocket. She felt betrayed. She had finally told someone about all these feelings she had been harboring only to be told she was crazy.

“I’d like to see you back next week.” He said. No way, thought Becca as she got up to leave.

*032*2015-11-11 10:26

Chapter seven

The day of the next testing portion couldn’t have come soon enough for Becca, but this morning was different compared to her last test. There was no round of “good luck,” and “you got this”. Instead, Becca waited alone in her room where she had spent mostly every day so far, propped up against a few pillows on her bed. She waited impatiently for the minutes to pass while trying to resist the urge to log in early. She didn’t want to run out of time, but surely the test wouldn’t be longer than a few hours. Just in case though she wouldn’t take any chances.

She groaned in pain while she stood up and slowly walked to the bathroom for what felt like the tenth time that morning just to have something to do. She carefully unbuttoned her blouse and slowly twisted her neck so she could see the scar on her back in the mirror. It was amazing how something so small could cause her so much pain. She lightly traced her finger over the incision wincing slightly as she did so. There was still a good few inches around the wound that was sensitive to the touch. After putting her shirt back on Becca dug in her medicine cabinet for a pain pill, before popping it back and chasing it down with a handful of water from the sink. After making sure the door was closed, she took one of the pills the psychiatrist prescribed out from the bottle and did what she always did with it- she flushed it down the toilet.

She refused to take anything from someone who thought she was crazy. Who knew what that pill was going to do to her? After another fight with her mother about them, Becca had caught her dumping the pills out to count them to make sure she was taking them so just leaving the bottle in her medicine cabinet was out of the question. She was so sick of being asked every morning, “Did you take your medicine?” during breakfast that she simply stopped coming down in the morning. Mostly because she was a terrible liar. The last thing she wanted was her mom to know she wasn’t taking them, yet there were still pills disappearing.

Finally after pacing her room, adjusting and re-adjusting her pillows, and planning what weapons to equip on her avatar; it was time. Helmet in hand, she lowered the keyboard attached to the side and typed in the IP address of where she wanted to go. She hoped it would have something to do with combat this time, after sitting on the beach for a week she was itching for a fight.

###

Becca wobbled a bit on her feet when she arrived at her destination still a little woozy from the trip, but quickly found her footing as she looked around and found herself inside a waiting room. She blinked in surprise as she headed towards the closest door and read the nameplate. You’ve got to be kidding she thought. She was at another psychiatrist’s office.

“Hi, are you checking in?” Someone behind the counter asked.

“I’m not sure I’m at the right place.” Becca said. She must have goofed and miss-typed the address.

“Do you have an appointment with Dr. Bastov?”

“Not that I know of, I was trying to get to the SPP testing site.” Becca said awkwardly. She hoped this goof wouldn’t make her late.

“You’ve come to the right place.” The lady behind the front desk said. “Can I get your name, please?” Becca frowned. Why was she here? Was it a trick?

“Which name?” Becca asked unsure of whether to give her real name or her avatars. Mostly everything in the Sphere operated under her avatars, but she wasn’t sure in the case of something official like this.

“Avatar is fine. We’ll scan your chip to get your official records.” Becca gulped. They were getting her medical records? That would mean they’d know about her getting injured.

“Sasha Brindey,” Becca said while hesitantly sticking her forearm out so her chip could be scanned. She heard a quiet beep when the secretary slid her palm over before being directed to have a seat. After a few minutes she tapped her foot impatiently as she wondered what this was all about.

“No need to be nervous; it’s just a standard mental health evaluation. We’ll just ask you a few questions off a list and make sure you’re not crazy.” The girl said with a wink. Becca gulped. If that was supposed to make her feel better, it didn’t work. “You can come on back now.” She said now appearing through an open door leading down a hallway.

Becca followed her until she was told to wait in another room with comfy looking armchairs. She figured they were more for looks than anything since no one would be able to feel a difference compared to if they were sitting on a wooden bench. The office looked suspiciously like Dr. Finnick’s office. So much so she had expected the grey haired man with the double chin to come waltzing in himself. Instead she was a little surprised when a beautiful bronze skinned woman with brown hair knocked on the door before coming in, but then again this was the Sphere, everyone looked like supermodels.

“Hello, you must be Sasha.” Dr. Bastov said shaking Becca’s hand before taking a seat on the opposite side of the desk. “So you are applying for the Sphere Protection Program, is that right?” Becca nodded her head as the Dr. read some kind of text in her field of vision. “What we’re going to do is ask you a few questions, tell you a little bit about the conditions of the program and see whether or not you’re a good fit.” She said. Becca nodded again while sitting up a little bit straighter. “Alright, so let’s get started. First I want to go over your medical history.”

“O-ok.” Becca said nervously.

“Since this job is in virtual reality, we don’t require much from the user. All we really want is for applicants to fall into a certain age range and that their health is ok. Disabilities are fine; we’ve had many members of the SPP wheelchair bound, blind etcetera. We just look for major illnesses like heart function and things like that. We obviously can’t accept anyone who’s at risk of passing away anytime soon.” She explained as Becca breathed a sigh of relief. It didn’t sound like her back injury would cause any kind of problem. “Our biggest concern of course is mental health since the mind is what’s transferred from the user to the avatar.” Becca nodded to show her understanding.

“So do injuries transfer over in full dives?” Becca asked. “Say someone was disabled, would their avatar also be disabled in the Sphere?”

“Only if we need them to be.” Dr. Bastov answered causing Becca to tilt her head in confusion. “Say you were injured and needed to do physical therapy in a full dive because your physical body couldn’t; we could alter the avatar’s data in the Sphere to make the injury less severe. If we took it away completely the brain wouldn’t believe you were working it and the users body wouldn’t heal, but by keeping it difficult but no more than the user could handle, the brain is convinced you are strenuously working the effected part of the body. Of course in the SPP, we would take the disability away completely, because if we didn’t then yes, it would transfer over.” Dr. Bastov explained as Becca’s eyes went wide. “So essentially, as long as the person is in no danger of dying and is mentally sound, we can proceed.”

“Wow,” Was all Becca could think of to say. No wonder the drug that allows people to stay in the Sphere long term was so valuable. You could literally have a life disability free there as long as someone could alter their avatar on the other side.

“Pretty amazing, right?”

“Yeah, seriously.” Becca said. “What if it was in the brain though? Like if it affected someone’s mental health?”

“That, unfortunately, we can’t fix since the consciousness is linked between the avatar and user. We can only trick the brain; we can’t fix the brain itself. Not yet, anyway.”

“Oh, I see.” Becca said.

“So what I’m going to do is ask you a series of questions and I want you to answer them as best as you can on a scale of one to ten.” Dr. Bostov explained. Becca found the questions to be fairly simple and easy to answer. On a scale of one to ten how quick are you to anger? How positive are you? Are you confrontational or passive? Becca thought the questions were more to determine who would be a suitable partner versus an actual mental health exam. After twenty more minutes, the Dr. finally stopped as she noted the last of Becca’s answers down.

“So there’s just a few more things I want to ask you about in your file. You had a bit of a scare when you were a kid and needed some counseling it says. How did this effect you growing up?”

“Heh, yeah. It’s kind of what made me want to be in the SPP as soon as I heard about it. It took me years to go back into virtual reality, but once I finally did I could never look back.” Becca explained.

“In your own words tell me what happened.”

“Well, It was my first time going into the Sphere; I think I must have been about five. My brother took me to a local Sphere center back before the home consoles came out. I picked a kids game and went in by myself, but someone tampered with the game and made all the characters start killing each other.”

“And you’re ok now?”

“Not a big fan of ponies or horses now, but yeah, I turned out ok.” Becca said laughing nervously.

“And it says here you recently lost a family member.” She said as Becca’s face fell. Ok this was it, she thought. Hide the crazy. Don’t tell her anything you told him.

“Yeah.”

“How are you dealing with it? Are you struggling with any kind of depression or suicidal thoughts?”

“I guess I’m a little down.” Becca said. She couldn’t totally say she was fine with it. That would either trigger her as a psychotic or a liar.

“That’s to be expected; I’m sorry for your loss. In your opinion do you think it would cause any problems in the future if you were to be accepted?”

“No, if anything I could use the distraction. Keep myself busy, you know?”

“Alright, Sasha, you pass. From here you’ll go straight through that door, take a left and you’ll be meeting with the other candidates for the final exam.” Dr. Bastov explained. Becca smiled widely as she heard the news she made it to the next round, until she realized the next round was right this minute. And didn’t she just say final?

###

Becca hadn’t expected to find a room quite this big in a place that seemed like it was just Drs. offices. It had to be five or six times bigger than the place she was in just a minute ago. A flash of green caught Becca’s attention as she smiled glad to see a familiar face in the crowd of people that had gathered.

“Hey, you made it.” The green haired girl from before said spinning something glowing on a string in each hand to a rhythm only she could hear. “Sasha, right?”

“Yeah, and you’re, Crystal.” Becca said watching her with mild curiosity. “What are you doing?” She asked after a minute once the girl stopped spinning the primitive looking glow sticks.

“Glow stick dancing. Apparently my great, great, great, grandparents did it. I think it was some kind of ancient ritual to ward off spirits or something.” Crystal said.

“Really? huh? Interesting.” Becca said only to see the older girl smirk.

“You’re so gullible.” Crystal said. “I don’t know why they did it, but it's kind of fun. Keeps me calm when I’m nervous. Want to try?”

“Uh, what do I do?” Becca asked doubtfully holding the two green sticks in her hands.

“You just dance with them and spin them around.” Crystal explained as Becca moved around and spun the strings.

“This is kind of fun.” Becca said swinging around and moving her legs and hips only to stop and see Crystal cringing.

“I’m going to have to take these back now and ask that you never to do that again.” Crystal said with a grimace. “You could be a toothpaste commercial; your slogan would be noticeably white.”

“Umm.” Becca said looking at Crystal’s pale skin.

“I’m not that white.” She explained as Becca shrugged. “So are you ready for the next test?”

“What is it?”

“The fear simulator.” Crystal said, “You go in pairs and it scans your brain for your deepest fear and projects it inside a room and everyone outside can see what you’re doing. If you chicken out everyone will know. It’s supposed to test how brave you are when you’re scared.”

Becca made a small squeaking noise in terror. “Please tell me you’re joking.” She pleaded. She couldn’t decide what was worse: being forced to face her fears or knowing everyone would know what she was afraid of.

“Nope, not this time.” Crystal said. “I’m probably going to get spiders. I really hate spiders. What about you? Sasha? Uhh, are you okay? You don’t look so good.”

“Everyone will see my deepest fear…” Sasha said eyes wide. “There’s no way they’ll let me in if they know what I’m afraid of.”

“What? It can’t be that bad. Is it clowns? Oh, god, it's clowns, isn’t it? Those freak me out. It better not be clowns.” Crystal said, but Becca only shook her head and whispered something barely audible. “I didn’t catch that, what?”

“It’s, umm, I’m scared of…”

“Yes, what is it?”

“I’m scared of My Little Pony!” Becca blurted out.

*036*2015-11-13 08:28

Chapter 8

Crystal stood transfixed on Becca who stood awkwardly waiting for a response before the green haired girl broke out in a wide grin. “You had me going there for a second. But, seriously, what are you afraid of?” She asked but frowned when Becca looked up at her with a hurt expression. “Wait, you’re serious? My Little Pony… as in the kids show?” Becca slowly nodded her head and looked down at the grey carpeting. “Umm…why?” Crystal asked, but after a second threw in a “If you don’t mind me asking.”

“My first dive into virtual reality was a My Little Pony game when I was five. Someone working there manipulated the game so that the characters would start a full on war if someone said they wanted to see the Pegasus’s.” Becca said. “That’s what my brother told me when they got me out.”

“What happened? Like in the game, what freaked you out so bad? Ponies aren’t exactly…scary.” Crystal said.

“They were killing each other with their horns and stuff.” Becca said with a shudder. “I love violent games, with guns and weapons. Bring on the gore! But…every time I think of that scene of the princess getting stabbed through the heart with a pitchfork in front of me. It just freaks me out and gives me the chills.” She explained.

“So what happened after that? Like did they ever catch who did it?”

“My brother said he punched the guy in the face and smashed his head on a console.” Becca said with a weak smile before her eyes began to mist over. “After that happened, we were really close. He was a bit too over protective of me though.” She said with a weak laugh.

“Was?”

“He, umm…” Becca stuttered trying to think of the right words to say. “He moved away recently. I just really miss him, sorry.”

“Then why not meet in the Sphere? He might not physically be there, but you can always see him here, right?” Crystal asked as Becca’s eyes went wide. She was right; she could meet Brian in the Sphere! She hadn’t even thought of that! Becca quickly opened her messenger and sent Brian a message asking to meet. Hopefully he’d respond. In the meantime though she’d have to figure out a way to sort out her current predicament. “So, uh, if we’re going to partner up again, please tell me you’re packing?”

“A few things here and there.” Becca said with a hint of a smile. It was nothing like last time, but she did have a few knives, a pistol and her shotgun strung around her shoulder with a strap.

“Anything that can kill a few spiders?” Crystal asked as Becca opened up her coat to show her an assortment of tools that could get the job done. “At least one of us is prepared.” She said. “I only brought my bow and arrow, great for large targets, but small ones…” She said with a grimace.

“You’re an archer?” Becca asked surprised. “I took you as more of a chemist.”

“Nah, poisons aren’t really my thing. I can make a rough health potion though, but that’s about it. Pretty basic.” Crystal said. “Now that I think about it, I wish I would have experimented with it more…. I could just gas the little bastards.”

“Maybe they will be bigger in the fear simulator,” Becca suggested, but immediately took it back when she was met with a dark stare from Crystal.

“Do not speak of such things.” Crystal said darkly. “They’re creepy enough being small.”

“But if they were bigger then you’d have a target to hit.” Becca said. “Wouldn’t it feel better knowing you could plunge an arrow into the heart of the thing you fear most?”

“I suppose.” Crystal said as she quieted down and seemed lost in thought for a moment. “No, no big spiders! Now I can’t stop thinking about big spiders! If there are big spiders in there now because you suggested it than you no longer have to fear ponies. It’s me you should be afraid of.” She threatened. Becca swallowed nervously and sat down in an uncomfortable looking chair glad for once that she couldn’t feel anything. “What’s your specialty?” Crystal asked after a moment of silence and people watching.

“Small weapons and hand to hand combat mostly. I do like to keep a variety of things stocked just in case, like my favorite shot gun.” Becca said sliding it off her shoulders and showing it off. “We’ve killed many zombies together.”

“Can I please have everyone’s attention?” A tall buff looking man with a shaved head yelled out into the crowd. “Now that everyone is gathered we’re about to start.” People all of all sizes, shapes, and genders appeared. Apparently species as well once Becca noticed the lady with long brown hair in front of her had pointed elf ears. She had never thought of changing her personal appearance like that before. For whatever reason she had always just stuck with what she had imagined when she was little. Sure it was plain and ordinary, but it had its advantages in game. People tended to not take her seriously and when they least expected it… She’d take them down before they even knew what hit them.

“For anyone who arrived after my earlier explanation, I’ll go over it one more time. This will be the last and finale test. We will hook you up to a few sensors that will monitor your heart rate and blood pressure. For those of you thinking, ‘but I don’t have a heart or blood in game!’ these sensors monitor your real life stats. We don’t want anyone dying of a heart attack. It wouldn’t be the first time it’s happened. If your blood pressure falls into any dangerous category you will immediately be woken up and you will be disqualified. Any questions?”

Becca glanced around the room as many people nervously fidgeted in place. How exactly would this work? Virtual reality inside virtual reality? The man scanned the room waiting for someone to speak up, but everyone remained quiet so he continued on with his explanation.

“Each of you will step in front of this lens one at a time so the computer can scan you.” He said motioning his hand towards a plain looking wall with a single partition to stand in front of. “By doing so it will examine your mind and put together a reality to project behind this door. Becca’s eyes went wide. She thought those were just a rumor. To actually project a personal reality for people who enter, too bad it was set to scare them to death. “Each of your realities will have a goal you must accomplish, usually resulting in some kind of flag. Bring the flag back in order to pass. You will each have 15 minutes to accomplish this. If it’s too much for you, you can come back by opening the door, but just know leaving without the flag will result in disqualification. Anyone want to go first?” Everyone remained where they stood staring back at him wide eyed. “No one ever volunteers.” He mumbled. “Steven Halberg. Go scan yourself.” He ordered.

A twenty something year old guy stepped forward wearing jeans and a t-shirt gripping his crossbow nervously. Taking a deep breath he walked in front of the partition as a white light shined into his eyes before stopping.

“Go on.” The instructor said motioning towards the door.

“You said earlier we get a partner.” Steven said, but the instructor shook his head.

“Sorry about that, just got a message from the higher ups, apparently that’s what the sensors are for. The buddy system was to drag out a fainted person, but now they’ll automatically be ejected from the Sphere. Sorry, you’re on your own.”

“We still get to watch though, right?” Someone spoke up from the crowd. Suddenly the plain wall from earlier began to rise up revealing a large screen. Becca at first thought it was off, but a timer in the upper right hand side showed 15:00. It was merely nothing but blackness on the other side of the door.

“It’s my favorite part.” The instructor said. “There’s sensors inside the room that monitor whoevers in there; that’s why it’s only one at a time now. The clock will start as soon as you enter. Go on.” He said once he put what looked like a little silver bracelet on Steven’s wrist.

After taking a slow deep breath, Steven gripped his crossbow as tightly as he could with one hand and slowly opened the door to reveal the blackness inside before stepping in as the door shut behind him. Everyone turned their attention to the screen, as Steven stood rooted to spot before taking a few tentative steps forward in what looked to be an empty department store. Clothes hung on racks and mannequins posed wearing the latest fashion. How strange, Becca thought. She had never seen a real life mannequin before. Everything in her life had been digital, so to see a plastic imitation of a person standing in place staring blankly at the wall left an eerie image on the screen. Becca wondered where he had seen them from, a movie perhaps?

Steven walked slowly around the ill lighted room that left an even creepier feeling to the abandoned store. Trash littered the broken tiled floor and ceiling fixtures were hanging precariously overhead by rotting beams and wires. A sudden movement to his right caused him to freeze in place. Becca watched from the safety of behind the screen and as the numbers correlating with his heart rate begin to steadily rise. Everyone stared unmoving as they watched. The room had fallen so silent you could hear a pin drop.

It seemed like a full minute before Steven found the courage to keep walking as he checked and double-checked over his shoulder while continuing his trek through the store. Becca wasn’t quite sure what it was exactly that Steven was afraid of. She kind of wondered if he had been left alone after hours in a store at some point when he was a kid, but she wasn’t 100 percent sure. She continued to watch him walk amongst the broken racks and debris and wondered what exactly was his mission. It was when he had gotten to some kind of black staircase with strange looking metal rails that she noticed a flag flying at the top. That was it, Becca thought? A stroll through a primitive, albeit strangely creepy, store?

Steven tentatively reached for the flag when he had gotten to the top of the strange staircase that things changed on the screen. As soon as he touched the flag, all at once the twenty something mannequins turned their heads towards him fast as lightening. He stood frozen to the spot with fear noticing that they were all now staring at him with their lifeless faces. He audibly gulped before putting the pendent in his pocket and slowly made his way down the staircase while tightly gripping his crossbow. Becca could tell his arms were shaking the way his weapon bounced in his hands. The closer he got to the bottom of the stairs the more the mannequins facial features changed. The once plain and uninterested faces that had been staring off into the void were now grinning wickedly and watching every step Steven took. He paused before sucking in a mouthful of air and took the last step onto the first floor.

Becca’s jaw nearly dropped as she watched what happened next on the screen. It was when he took that finale step that the statues charged at him leaving behind their pedestals. In a wave of panic Steven turned tail and dashed back up the escalator away from the exit as the mannequins followed behind streaming into the narrow broken down escalator as they each tried to climb over each other to get to him. He nervously looked back as dozens of white plastic arms reached for him. He ran blind until he was forced to stop at a crossroad pausing only for a second before heading towards his right; the clanking of plastic legs on tile right on his tail.

Becca audibly gasped as he was forced to stop running once he came to a dead end in a dressing room. She cringed when he decided to lock himself in a stall only to have them crawling under and over the door as he screamed before they climbed on top of him until all you could see was a pile of plastic limbs and muffled shouts. A beeping of a timer was suddenly heard as Becca glanced up to see he had run out of time. Suddenly the mannequins vanished and all that was left on the screen was Steven curled up in a ball in the darkness sobbing. The instructor had to poke his head in the door and tell him it was over.

Everyone in the room stood quietly in shock holding their breath as Steven walked out with his head hung low before he exited the door and disappeared knowing he had failed. Becca exhaled once the door closed behind him. She hadn’t realized she had been shaking until she looked down at her hands. What was hers going to be like? That wasn’t even her fear, but it had freaked her out this much just watching from the safety of behind the screen. Just what had Becca signed herself up for?

*039*2015-11-14 01:40

{{ 

I absolutely love this. Very interesting idea, quite well written. Can't wait for it to continue.

}}

Thank you! :D It makes me happy to know people are following this despite the fact that their isn't much omo. I'll figure out a way to put some in, but I have to make sure I don't accidentally mix up the two versions.

*041*2015-11-14 02:14

Don't want to accidentally give my mom the wrong one and have her be like 0.o

*044*2015-11-14 03:14

{{ 

Yeah, that'd be pretty rough.

This is honestly one of the only stories where I don't mind at all that there isn't much omo because I've just gotten really into the story. I, of course, wouldn't object to more omo ;P but I intend to keep reading it regardless.

}}

Thanks :) i want the omo scenes to feel like a natural part of the story, not put in for fan service. Like the earlier one, I wanted her to get her butt stuck to a pole, but why else would she have her bare butt out in the snow? haha

*046*2015-11-14 06:54

Chapter Nine

The room remained still and silent as everyone glanced nervously about. The room beyond that door was capable of projecting horrors beyond any of their imaginations. Becca felt thoroughly creped out and she hadn’t even gone in yet. A quick glance to her left revealed Crystal, normally cool and composed, seemed to be thinking the same thing. Her lips were pursed tightly together in a scowl as she bit at her bottom lip anxiously. Would they all be like that? Becca couldn’t help but wonder what had made Steven so afraid of mannequins, even though she had to admit they were creepy as hell now.

“CreamCheese…Vador?” The instructor called out looking at his list puzzled before glancing up and asking, “why?” at the next guy who approached. It was pretty much un spoken rule that you don’t name your avatars moronic things due to the professional nature the Sphere had outside of gaming. Every once in a while though Becca would still come across people like CreamCheeseVador who thought the Internet was still a large cesspool of the uneducated and uncouth as it was hundreds of years ago. It was still somewhat acceptable in game, but why didn’t he change it before coming here?

“Yeah, I’m just gonna call you Greg.” The instructor said as the now dubbed Greg stood in front of the scanner before opening the door and stepping inside. Everyone quickly turned their attention to the screen as the once inky blackness illuminated a bright white light to reveal…absolutely nothing. It was just a white plane with nothing else. Becca couldn’t imagine what would make this scary whatsoever especially compared to what the person before him went through. Greg looked up as text began to form mid air. Remain for fourteen minutes to receive flag.

“I don’t get it,” Becca whispered to her friend. “What’s so hard about this?”

“I think he’s afraid of complete isolation. Look, you can’t even see the door anymore.” She glanced up to confirm that the door he had come from had seemed to vanish leaving him alone in the white plane with no way out. Greg seemed to have noticed the missing door as well as he stared nervously at the spot where it had once been. Becca thought he’d be able to do it no problem; all he had to do was sit there after all, but as the minutes slowly ticked by Greg began fidgeting more and more. His movement began showing a more panicked feel to them as he paced back and forth. At the seven-minute mark, he shouted that he gave up and the door re-appeared. Greg quickly went through without looking back and made a beeline towards the lobby without making eye contact with anyone.

It went on like this for quite some time each caving before their quest was complete. Becca felt a little more at ease when she realized no one was laughing at anyone’s fears as strange as they might seem as each persons scenario differed from the next. One woman was tasked with trekking through a cave full of snakes, (she didn’t even try) while another had to endure standing in a small room where the walls were slowly moving closer and closer. Becca thought he might actually make it, but shouted, “I give up!” when they were about a foot from his face.

She was starting to notice a pattern. It seemed when faced with the thing they fear most, people forgot that nothing could hurt them. The woman who refused to walk through a pit of rattlesnakes could have strolled through, picked up the flag and been on her merry way without feeling a thing. Steve could have lured the mannequins chasing him to the 2nd floor and jumped off the balcony without a scratch. He could have also just pushed right through them instead of allowing himself to be trapped in a dressing room.

It was then Becca fully understood the purpose of this test. It wasn’t meant to scare and humiliate for the instructors amusement, although he did seem to be enjoying himself immensely. The true purpose was to be able to make logical and rational decisions even under the most stressful circumstances. All Becca had to do was think her way out. Every obstacle had an obvious solution if the person could just keep calm.

Becca realized all of this during Anthony-Arnolds test. She never would have guessed he had been afraid of heights, but then again she seemed to realize she was terrible at guessing things about other people. His mission was to cross a very very narrow path in what appeared to be a natural made bridge in a cave. Becca didn’t believe he’d be able to do it once he was halfway across and had made the fatal error of looking down. He stood frozen on the bridge staring at the many sharp looking stalagmites that formed sharp looking spikes on the caves floor. Finally after a minute or so he was able to snap himself out of the trance and very carefully take small deliberate steps and inch towards his goal. He hesitantly reached towards the flag, but after what had happened with Steven everyone was expecting some kind earthquake or cave in. He looked around nervously waiting for some kind of sign something terrible would happen, but nothing did. Maybe he had already made it past the hard part.

It was when Arnold -Anthony turned to leave is when everyone saw what had changed. The bridge was gone. There was nothing there but two edges of a cliff and a large gap about a hundred yards wide. He stood there flabbergasted and unmoving. What could he do? He peeked his head over the edge of the cliff to see the many spikes that were waiting to castrate him should he fall. How was he supposed to get across. He wasn’t like he could just run across and… Becca’s mouth fell open…he wasn’t actually going to do it was he? Oh god, he was.

Arnold- Anthony backed up as far as he could before taking off in a mad sprint before leaping into the air. What was wrong with him? He was going to die! He was going to…land safely in the air? What in the world… He landed on what appeared to be an invisible floor before casually walking towards the exit flag in hand as if he had known all along. There wasn’t a drop… it was all an illusion… The room was deathly silent until he appeared in the doorway before everyone burst into mad applause and shouts as soon as he came through. Someone had finally done it! He was the first of ten people to actually pass!

“Alright, alright calm down.” The instructor said after many rounds of “congratulations” and “good jobs” as Arnold- Anthony held the pendent over his head in victory to the crowd. “Let’s see, whose next….umm umm…let’s go with… Sasha!”

###

At first Becca didn’t even realize he had called her name. She stood in place looking through the crowd until Crystal pushed her forward towards the scanner.

“Don’t chicken out before you even get in there.” She joked as Becca gulped and slowly commanded her feet forward even though they wanted to run towards the lobby. She stood in front of the partition as a bright white light shined into her eyes as she tried her best to resist the urge to cover them. After the silver-blinking bracelet was slipped onto her wrist her heart rate appeared up on the large screen.

“If I don’t make it out alive tell my family I love them.” She said to Crystal as a few people let out a small chuckle. She turned her attention towards the door that held her fate. This was it. This was the only thing standing in her way of joining the SPP. Fifteen minutes; she could do this, she thought slowly reaching towards the door handle and stepping inside.

###

Everyone watched the screen slightly confused to see the bright and cheery town of Ponyville as Crystal just shook her head in disbelief. Part of her still thought Sasha had just been joking, but this proved that she wasn’t.

The instructor grumbled before heading over to the console. “Damn thing.” He muttered as someone asked what was wrong. “For whatever reason it switched from deepest fear to deepest desire.” He said when he saw the brightly colored Pegasus flying into view. “Didn’t think she was into that kind of thing, but whatever.”

“Sir, look!” Someone shouted. “I don’t think the machine broke.” He peeked his head up and glanced at the screen unsure of what he was looking at until his annoyed frown turned into a smirk. Becca’s heart rate was going through the roof, 150 beats per minute, and now 160, 165!

“Can’t say I was expecting that.” He said watching amused with his arms crossed.

###

Becca stood rooted to the spot was she gazed at the town that hosted her childhood trauma. It had probably had changed over the years, but this was how her brain had remembered it and so it was projected in front of her. She glanced up at the timer realizing she had been standing in place for over a full minute just wasting time.

“Move!” She yelled at her legs before slowly taking a step towards her destination. “It’s just a image; it can’t hurt me. This isn’t real.” She chanted as she grimaced making contact with the first resident.

“Hi there!” The princess shouted behind her as Becca jumped a foot in the air. She tried her hardest to resist the urge to run, but her feet had other plans. She took off like a bat out of hell running as fast as she could through the town. “No no no! Stop!” She yelled at herself. “You have to stop and think!” Finally her feet co-operated with her. Find the flag; you need to find the flag!

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Twilight said landing in front of her as she tucked her large purple wings to the side. “My name is Princess Twilight and-“

“I know who you are! Stay back!” Becca shouted backing up as the princess frowned in confusion.

“I’m not going to hurt you. You look lost; is there something you’re looking for?” the purple alicorn asked. Maybe she knows, Becca thought for a moment. It wouldn’t hurt.

“I’m looking for a small, blue flag. It should be somewhere in this town.” Becca said keeping her distance.

“A small blue flag?” Twilight mumbled to herself. “Does it say SPP on it?”

“Yes! That’s it! Do you know where it is?” Becca asked eagerly, but her heart dropped when she heard the answer.

“Yeah, It’s flying on the top of the Apple Family barn!”

The Apple Family. Becca gritted her teeth. They were the cause of so many childhood nightmares and what she needed to get was there. Of course it was, Apple Jack and Big Mac were the things she was terrified of, so where else would the flag be?

“I can take you there if you want to see it.” Twilight offered as Becca checked her remaining time. Becca agreed with a sigh and so she half-ran and half walked as the princess trotted along by her side. Should she tell her she was going to die? Becca felt a small pang of guilt knowing she was ultimately leading the princess to her death, but Becca reminded herself that it wasn’t real and soon they arrived at their destination as Becca spotted her prize flying high above the barn just as the princess had described. “Well here we are.” Twilight said cheerfully as Becca stopped in her tracks.

There they all were waiting for her: Apple Bloom, Granny Smith, Big Mac and worst of all…Apple Jack. Their eyes looked just as Becca had remembered from her childhood; Evil and red and they all glared daggers into the two of them making their murderous intentions known. Becca couldn’t allow herself to get caught up in their fight and just as before Big Mac rammed his pitchfork into the princess’s chest as blood began to spray every which way. Becca ran away as if on auto-pilot and took cover behind a nearby building. She could hear the explosions as an all out war began taking place due to the princess’s assassination. Maybe I should have come alone; it would have prevented all this extra commotion I don’t need.

Becca stood in the shadows of the building staring longingly at her flag. How was she supposed to scale a barn without getting caught? It’s not as if she could fly… A sudden thought popped into her head, no more of a memory. What had started all of this in the very beginning when she was little was saying she wanted to ride the flying ponies… She could ride one of the Pegasus up to the barn and snatch the flag. Could she be brave enough to pull it off? The only pony she had spoken with so far that had wings had just been pulverized by a gardening tool. She looked up at the figures gliding in the sky. Who would let her ride them? She couldn’t even remember their names… There was the really shy one with the animals…but she was probably more scared of Becca than Becca was of her. She was probably cowering somewhere so that was out. What was the other one? Becca scanned the air above her as a rainbow streaked across the sky. That one! Rainbow…Dart? No, Dash.

“Rainbow Dash, Rainbow Dash!” Becca shouted as she saw the multi-colored pegisi loop in the air. “Rainbow Dash!” She shouted again.

“I ain’t Beetlejuice.” The rainbow colored pony said landing. “Who are you? I’m a little busy, as you can see this place has gone to hell! We’re fighting the earth ponies, and the unicorn are fighting us and-“

“I need a favor!” Becca shouted. “I need a ride up to the top of the barn.” She pointed to the flag flying at the top.

“What’s in it for me?” Rainbow Dash said eying Becca. “What are you anyway?”

“I can help you fight afterwards.” Becca lied.

“How can you help?” Rainbow Dash said disbelieving.

“With this.” Becca said showing her the shotgun.

“How’s a funny looking stick going to hel-“ Rainbow Dash started to say, but immediately shut up when Becca pulled the trigger and blew a hole in the building she was standing by.

“Hop on!” She said as Becca paused for a moment before climbing onto her back and gripping her colorful mane in her hands. After a running start, Rainbow Dash soared high into the sky before slowly gliding past the flag as Becca ripped it off the stand. She held it in her hands with glee for a moment before she realized she was being flown towards the battle scene and away from the door.

“Where are we going?” Becca shouted. “Put me down!”

“Not until you use your weird stick to blow a hole in Apple Jacks head!” Becca looked at the clock. She had seven minutes left and was being asked to assassinate to thing that had caused her so much torment as a child. She smiled widely and leaned forward after shoving the flag in her pocket. “There! Get them!” Rainbow Dash shouted as she circled above the running Apple family. Becca aimed her gun and fired, but missed and quickly reloaded she fired again as Apple Bloom fell to the ground. Another two shots and Granny Smith was face first in the ground eating dirt. It took another four to take down Big Mac and then all that was left was Apple Jack, the only problem was she was out of shotgun shells and she doubted her pistol would work. She didn’t come prepared like she had last time. You can’t get hurt.

“Take me down lower! I’ll jump on her back and slash her throat with my twin blades!” Becca shouted pulling them out of their holsters on her thighs.

“I like your style!” Rainbow Dash shouted and took a nosedive down towards the sprinting pony that ran over the landscape. Becca jumped after trying her best to time it and landed on Apple Jacks back. The orange pony jumped and bucked as hard as she could sending Becca flying, but not before Becca had managed to injure the ponies leg so that it limped.

“You know what they say about horses when they have a broken leg.” Becca said aiming her pistol at the struggling animal. “You were always my least favorite background pony.” She said before putting the creature out of its misery with a shot to the head.

###

When Becca stepped back through the door flag in hand with thirty seconds remaining she had expected to be met with rounds of applause like Arnold-Anthony had. Instead she was met with an eerie silence as everyone stared at her with mouths agape and one guy to her right was even doing a Hail Mary! Becca looked at the crowd in awkward silence before the instructor finally broke the ice.

“What the hell was that?” He said staring at her. “All you had to do was get the flag and bring it back; you didn’t have to kill them all! It was just a kids show!” He said as Becca hung her head in shame. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but, you pass.” He said after a sigh. Finally the room erupted in cheers as Becca smiled wide and threw her fists in the air. She even ignored his comment that sounded an awful lot like, “you need help.”

“What does this mean?” Becca asked finally coming down from her high.

“It means welcome to the SPP.”

*049*2015-11-16 00:51

Chapter 10

Becca felt so giddy she was hardly paying attention to anyone else’s turn. Becca couldn’t believe it; after so many years of daydreaming about this, she was in. She was so happy she just wanted to dance and twirl. Mr. Clean had told her to wait until everyone was done and that they’d go over the next steps together with the others that had passed. When the number of people quickly began to dwindle, Becca realized only three other people besides herself had made it through. To be honest, she hadn’t really been paying attention ever since she had come out victorious, choosing instead to get lost in her own little world.

How would her parents react? Could they be able to stop fighting for one night in order to celebrate? They had always cheered her on and celebrated every little victory she had made towards her goal, or at least they used to. Surely they could put aside their grief for one night.

She tried to think of whom else she could tell. Brian immediately came to mind and although he never answered her daily messages, she decided to send him the details anyway. If this didn’t coax him to talk; she didn’t know what would.

“Alright, you there, you’re the last one up.” Mr. Clean said pointing to Crystal as she slowly made her way over to the scanner. Becca stopped her daydreaming to flash her the thumbs up. If anyone else made it, she hoped Crystal would.

“I swear if there’s giant spiders in there because of you…” Crystal threatened Becca, who flashed her an apologetic look in return. The five people left in the room turned their attention to the screen. Becca gulped and began wondering if she should plan her funeral when the image appeared and the first thing she saw was cobwebs. Not just any cobwebs, but the biggest cobwebs Becca had ever seen. What was worse was that their earlier conversation seemed to have blended into the scene before them.

Crystal stood outside what appeared to be an abandoned fairground gripping her bow. Everything was old and rusted and a breeze unfelt by her seemed to have swept down causing all the ancient rides to creak and groan. A merry-go-round- inched along as if being ridden by an unseen passenger as it played the most hair raising and eeriest music any of them had ever heard. If it weren’t for the cobwebs that were several stories high dangling from the Ferris wheel, Becca would be sure this itself would have qualified as someone’s deepest fear.

The small group continued watching as Becca wondered where the flag would be. Was it on top of the Ferris Wheel? Or in a fun house? She didn’t even notice she had begun biting her nails in anticipation as Crystal continued her journey. It was when Crystal stopped walking and stared at what appeared to be a haunted mansion of some kind that Becca knew exactly where the flag would be. The building itself was covered in giant spider webs.

“You are so dead.” Crystal mumbled as she took a arrow from her quiver to knock down the webs while dancing in a panic when one of them touched her.

The dirty wooden beams used for floor tiles creaked with every step making Crystal wonder if her heavy combat boots would punch a hole in one of them. The windows appeared as if the glass had been busted out long ago, only to be replaced with thick, white spider silk. She continued to slowly push through the webbing that dangled from the ceiling. Faded and decaying portraits hung on the walls depicting a family of four: A husband, wife, son and daughter. Crystal cringed when she saw what appeared to be a small puppy being choked to death in the little girls hands while she wore a smile as if the act gave her great joy. Crystal shuddered and kept going, until she came to the first door.

She nudged it with her foot as the door hinges groaned and revealed what must have been the daughter’s room, which housed a large collection of broken and mutilated dolls. Some were missing an eye, other an arm or a leg, while some were even missing their heads. While Crystal walked around the room examining its contents, Becca noticed the dolls eyes, the ones that still had them anyway, had their eyes trained on Crystal watching her every move. Their cracked and dirty faces smiled in such a way that raised all the hair on Becca’s arms.

There was one particular doll Crystal couldn’t seem to pry herself away from. It sat on the bed with a sad expression on its face beckoning Crystal forward. Its face was made of porcelain underneath all the dirt and grime, its eyes were different colors and it wore a frilly pink dress. Compared to all the others it seemed to be in remarkable condition, but why it fascinated Crystal so much was beyond her. She seemed to be stuck in a trance gazing into its blue and green eyes.

“No, Crystal, move! It’s a trap!” Becca mumbled underneath her breath.

Suddenly Crystal seemed to snap out of it as quickly as she had gotten sucked in. She gave the room one last look over before turning around and heading back into the hallway. She couldn’t tell what this place was supposed to be. Was it this family’s house or was “deranged little girl” just another attraction?

When she kicked in the next door she found it was full of mirrors like a fun house. When she stood in front of them, she appeared different in each one. A tall slender looking mirror stretched her reflection until she looked like a creature out of some kind of CreepyPasta, while another made her short and fat. When Crystal came to the end of the row, one mirror, or what she assumed to be a mirror, was covered by an old and torn sheet. Her curiosity moved her forward despite the nervous anticipation she felt as she grabbed the ends of the fabric and pulled it off. At first she couldn’t really tell what she was looking at. Instead of seeing her reflection, all she saw were eight black dots. It was when the black dots began to move farther away that Crystal realized they were eyes-large baseball sized eyes.

She tried to run, but a hairy leg smashed through the glass with a loud smash and grabbed Crystal leg pulling her into the dark depths behind the paned glass. Crystal screamed and tried to grab onto anything she could to get free, but the giant spider the size of a car continued to drag her into its lair. When her ride was over, she sprang to her feet noticing the large sacks of web holding the half eaten remains of the family that used to live there.

She quickly knocked a bow and shot at the spider as it hissed as the arrow knocked off it’s protective shell. She shot another and then another before having to dive out of the way and hide inside a small crevice.

Becca noticed something strange about the cave Crystal was in. There appeared to be lighted torches along the walls and one was not that far from the green haired girl stuck inside a small crack in the cave walls. Becca tried to think how Crystal could get out of the situation she was in. While it was true she couldn’t feel pain, getting eaten alive would probably disqualify her. There had to be a reason she was in this situation. Spiders were the thing she feared after all. Did she have to fight it? How though, Crystal’s arrows seemed to not even faze the thing. What was a spider’s weak point? Becca tried to picture the anatomy of a spider in her mind, and immediately thought of the area where it shoots out its web.

“You have to shoot an arrow up its butt!” Crystal frowned and looked around confused. She could have sworn she heard a voice telling her where to shoot. She put her hand in her quiver of arrows and realized she only had two left. If she planned to get out undigested she’d have to make it count. She grabbed an arrow and moaned in disgust; it was the arrow she had used to knock down all the webs. She looked up as a sudden idea popped into her head. She hated to do it, but it was the best she could come up with at the moment. She grabbed as much webbing as she could wrapping it around an arrow before running out from her hiding place and holding it over the torch so that the webbing would catch on fire.

“C’mon, C’mon.” Crystal moaned as the arrow caught fire just as the spider approached with its fangs barred. “Here goes!” Crystal said running for all she was worth as the spider chased after her. She jumped in the pit as the spider stood over it exposing its spinnerets just as Crystal let her flaming arrow fly. In a blink of an eye the spider exploded leaving trails of green guts all along the walls, ceiling and all over Crystal like a scene out of Tremors. “UGH!” Crystal moaned spitting out guts and cringed until she spotted a blue flag sitting in a puddle of guts.

Becca ran up excited once Crystal re-appeared through the door clutching the flag and dripping with spider goop. Crystal had done it! She made it! She conquered her fears and …uh-oh…

“Con-congratulations.” Becca smiled nervously as Crystal glared at her darkly. “You did it!” She said backing up step by step as she green haired girl approached with a squishing sound every step she made leaving a trail of slime in her wake.

“I’m going to kill you!” Crystal yelled charging as Sasha took off running while yelling for someone to come save her.

###

“Congratulations everyone who has made it this far.” Mr. Clean said obviously reading from a prompt. “Each of you is 1: 10,000. You should be proud to have made it and become members of the Sphere Protection Program.”

Becca nodded her head grinning like mad despite the fact that she was now coated in spider guts once Crystal had caught up with her and tackled her to the ground. Were there only five of them that passed? Becca wondered looking at everyone’s face. There was her, Crystal, Arnold- Anthony, That-Lady-With-The-Elf-Ears, and one other guy.

“Has everyone already gotten their plugs?” Mr. Clean asked as everyone nodded their heads expect for Becca and Crystal.

“What are those?” Becca asked.

“These.” Arnold-Anthony said taking off his fedora and showing Becca the back of his head. Becca’s eyes went wide as she saw what appeared to be connectors coming from right where the neck meets the skull.

“So you two have never been in a full dive before?” Mr. Clean asked as the two girls shook their heads. “You’ll have to go to a dive center and get the put in. It’s where the connecters are placed to put you into a full dive. Just a word of warning; it’s going to hurt.”

$$

