The Girlfriend of Miyuki Izumi

Author: nasfan9

*000*2019-01-20 05:07

Read First

So welcome to chapter 1, I'm gonna write this as I go, beware, there is small portion that talks about one of the characters issues with being taken advantage of from a male, I avoided anything too sensitive.

I'll try to upload some artwork so you can kind of get an idea of how I imagined the characters visually, Because I don't know if I did a good job describing them.

Enjoy!

###

Chapter 1

On a quiet Friday night a tired diligent artist works on a new idea for a short romantic comedy 4-koma. She finishes typing up her script before saving, and putting her computer to sleep. Miyuki Izumi, had been working all day typing up her disappointingly short script. Even spending sometime at work, spaced out, day dreaming about the idea. She wasn't normally a bad employee, but her mind usually always revolved around her artwork, and nothing else. At 21 years of age, Miyuki held a decent salaryman job, as an office worker. She wasn't particularly skilled in much, beyond her drawing skills so often times she had to give it her 100% at her workplace in order to do her job correctly

Drawing was something that plagued Miyuki she was quite an artist, but often doubted her own work. Often choosing to lie in bed scrolling through other artists work. She had serious issues with self esteem, and self confidence. She was a very short girl, along with her undesirable breast size and was also quite plain in terms of her fashion, Usually wearing longer skirts with a long sleeve sweater, or sweatpants and a t-shirt if she was home in her apartment. Even down to her large glasses she wore because of her bad eyesight.

But despite these sometimes helpless feelings of despair she fought on because she loved to draw.

"oh my, it's 2:am... I've got to get some sleep." She plops down onto her bed, removing her glasses and placing them on her night stand. Lifting the covers over herself, and grabs her favorite body pillow that she often slept with. Miyuki loved Magical Girl Poya Poya. It was an older magical girl show that she loved as a child, and secretly fell in love with. Hugging her pillow tightly she drifted off to slumber with a tiny smile.

Miyuki jolted awake, followed by heavy breathing. Her back was cold and wet from sweat, as well as her sheets that were quite damp. She had woken from a nightmare that she had relived many times before. It was a large factor of her issues with self confidence and self esteem. She was once taken advantage of by a upper class-man in high school. The thoughts made her shiver in fear, thankfully she was saved by some nameless group of girls that caught the boy, in the girls bathroom before things could have become much worse. She became terrified of men, and often took measures not to interact with them. In that moment she was betrayed by someone who was her friend, they even shared laughs, He robbed her of her innocence, and it affected her greatly.

That was five years ago. In that time, she had time to think and adapt, her parents sought out therapists. In the beginning it was rough, but eventually she was able to talk about it. She was not fixed but it did helped her move on. She still had nightmares about it. This was something that became a common occurance for Miyuki. Waking up in sweat was a more preferable occurrence, it didn't happen often but the worst case scenario she would have woken up in puddle of urine. It hadn't happened in a long time, but she took precautions nonetheless. She kept a plastic sheet over her mattress, to avoid soiling it. As well as regular bathroom use right before bed.

Shivering she finally crawled out of bed and changed her clothes, putting on a pair of thick sweat pants and and a sweater she turned on her tv. Watching anime was an escape from her stress, She often left dvds in her dvd player for this purpose. After about an hour of watching anime, her stomach made and audible noise. "Ah, breakfast... "I'm gonna have to go out..." Feeling guilty of being lazy, she went ahead and took a shower, before putting on a sweater and skirt. Miyuki had fairly long black hair that went down to her back, though she often liked to keep it in a single large braid.

After getting ready she grabbed her bag, and headed out. Usually she would keep some things likes eggs, bacon, and other foodstuffs, but she was so excited to get home and write some of her script yesterday, she forgot to go shopping. She locked her door, walking down the stairs to her apartment. "whoah... It's really cold out, I wish I had brought a coat." she says under her breath, rubbing her hands together. Soon her destination came into sight. It was a family restaurant that served a mixture of Japanese food, as well as more Western dishes.

Walking through the door, a chime rings. She waits at the door patiently. It's not long before a older lanky man in his late 30s, comes to greet her. "Good morning Izumi-san, it's been what a year, since I've last seen you here!" Miyuki, had come to this restaurant many times before, she liked the atmosphere, the place wasn't always crowded, and she was a regular and the manger became used to her usual request. "y-yes sir, I've been busy with work and such..." Miyuki spoke a bit tense. "I'm glad to hear your working hard! So the table in the back corner?" She nodded.

He grabbed a menu and some silverware, and led her to the table, she usually sat toward the wall so she could look out the window, and to minimize potential eye contact with others. "A waitress will be out soon to serve you." The manager, said after setting up the table. Miyuki thanked him as he returned to the front of the store. Looking into her bag she noticed she forgot something "n-no way." She had forgotten her phone on her computer desk. she sighed and pulled out a small sketch book and some pencils. Miyuki didn't like the attention of drawing in public, but today the restaurant was nearly empty so she seemed more open to the idea.

About 5 minutes had passed before she was surprised when she heard a woman greet her quite loudly. Slightly in shock, the woman bent over placing a hand on Miyuki's shoulder. "Oh I'm sorry, didn't mean to scare you!" I-I'm okay! Miyuki awkwardly yelped. She was in disbelief of the pure femininity of this woman. She had long blond hair that went down to her waist, large blue eyes as well as make-up in all the right places. Not to mention her much more desirable figure. The lady took notice in Miyuki's dumbfounded stare. She giggled "My name is Katou-san and I'll be your waitress this morning." Miyuki finally coming to her senses. "Hi I-I'm Izumi-san n-nice to meet you!" She awkwardly replied. Katou-san Laughed again. "I don't need to know your name silly, but I appreciate your manners!" She sat embarrassed "s-sorry."

"Aw your so sweet." Lifting up her clipboard, "What can I get for you?" Miyuki Replied, "Um, an orange juice, w-with pulp, a-and the hamburg steak breakfast." Writing this down Katou-san held a beaming smile,"oho, that's a cute choice!"

"Alright, let me take this to the back hun, and I'll be back with your OJ!"

As Katou-san left, Miyuki sat completely beat red embarrassed. Being doted on did not come naturally to her. She had felt absolutely dumb, for that greeting earlier. She thought about it hard, and something began to seem off. The waitress had a weird speech tone, she kept dropping english esque words, Miyuki wasn't all to sharp on her english but she understood popular words. Of course her blond hair, and blue eyes, also gave it away, She must not have been born in Japan, but maybe been here long enough to pick up the language? Soon the Blonde girl came back with her orange juice.

"Here you go sweetie." Dropping a straw on the table, she returned to the back, with a little wave. Miyuki wondered if it would have been rude to ask about where she came from. She had never really talked to a foreigner before, but she heard some rumors about them. She began to doodle, as she sipped her orange juice. Her doodling turned to sketching, as she was interested in the strange waitress. upon a few quick sketches of the waitress, she began to feel a bit embarrassed so she quickly drew some other simple characters along side her to try to diminish the characters presence. No matter how you looked at it the drawing, it was definitely of Katou-san.

Katou-san came back to check up on the small Japanese girl. "Need anything? Looks like your running low on OJ, want me to refill it for you?" Miyuki replied "Y-yes please!" She smiled reaching over the table to grab the glass. "Um... K-Katou-san... a-are you not from here?" Miyuki stuttered out. There was a bit of silence before Katou-san smiled and laughed. "You little detective.... nope, I'm not from here but I've been here for awhile, what gave it away? Was it my Japanese? Miyuki staring at the blonde beauty, with blue eyes.

"N-no... just a hunch." She laughed again, "I'm kiddding! Seriously though hows my Japanese? it's not to obvious? I've thought it was okay since people around me never pointed it out." Miyuki trying to be tactful "It's.... not bad, but some of the words you say I don't really understand. Y-your accent doesn't help... b-but it's not like it's bad... but y-you do have a nice voice! Aw you think so? You're so kind! Thanks- OH I'm supposed to be getting your orange juice! I'll be right back!" The waitress returned quickly retreating to the kitchen, leaving Miyuki to her thoughts. "wow, she's really pretty, ah, I forgot to ask where she's from..."

Katou-san returned, this time with a sizzling hot plate as well as another plate with her eggs and bacon all balanced on one arm, and in the other hand Miyuki's orange juice. "I'm back Izumi-san! Hearing her own name was a bit embarrassing. Setting the drink down, freeing up her arm, she skillfully maneuvered the plates off of it and on to the table. "Can I get you anything else?" Miyuki Replied "N-no, thank you." Katou-san smiled once again before leaving out of her sight. She doubled back before leaving "Oh yeah if it's not to weird, could I see what you were drawing?" Katou-san grinned. Miyuki nearly felt obligated as if she was being hypnotized by her beauty, before remembering what she had drawn, but it was too late, as she had already handed the waitress her book.

Katou-san looked as she made her amazement, quite audible. She even took a seat across from Miyuki, who looked embarrassed as well as surprised. "Oh I hate this booth it's always to tight on this side, as she squeezed in, her large bosom nearly coming to rest on the table. "Oh is this one supposed to be me!?" She pointed showing the beat red Izumi. "Uh-uh... N-NO it's just a coincidence!" Miyuki panicked! Katou-san wasn't buying it as she grinned quite smugly. I don't know Izumi-san I think you really got my uniform nailed down pretty well! She spoke teasingly. Miyuki lost for words, looked as if she could cry at any moment. Katou-san laughed. "Aw it's okay! I love it, you draw really well! These other characters look really cute too!" Miyuki tried to hide her embarrassment "th-thank you..."

Just as she thought the teasing was over, Katou-san made a comment with a seriously concerned expression. "Though I think my breasts are much bigger than what you've got drawn here Izumi-san!"

Miyuki again lost for words not knowing how to respond, she just hid her embarrassment, I-I th-though it would have b-been rude... she quietly said. "I'm kidding! Please it's okay don't worry the place is empty, I'm just a big teaser! Oh I'm so sorry I should be letting you eat! Let me get out of here! Miyuki quickly responded. "Y-you don't have to go!" blushing. Katou-san was surprised, but she took her offer.

"O-oh well I guess I'll stay then" She smiled with a light blush. Miyuki awkwardly began to cut into her food. "u-um is it okay if I ask where you're from Katou-san?"Katou-san breaking away from admiring her sketch. Finally responds. "I was born in the US." Miyuki swallowing. "Oh really! That's so cool, I'd like to visit there someday... "Yes it's a very nice country despite what people say." Katou-san seemed a bit pained. "If you dont mind me asking, why did you come to Japan?" Miyuki inquired. Katou-san seemed conflicted and a bit reserved. "I-I don't mind you asking, but maybe another time, it's a complicated topic."

"I'm sorry I didn't mean to pry..." Miyuki apologized. She seemed guilty about changing the mood, Katou-san seemed like a cheerful person and didn't like to hover on moody topics.

There was a bit of an awkward silence before Miyuki deep in her thoughts, spoke a very out of character line. " K-katou-san I-if you ever need someone to talk to... Or.." Katou-san cut her off. "I don't really need anyone to talk too... But I could use a friend, I don't have too many of those. So maybe some time we could talk over coffee or something?" She seemed a bit happy that Miyuki had offered. Miyuki perked up, "y-yeah that sounds nice!" Just then the door chimed as a larger group of people came in." Katou-san got out of the tiny booth, peeved. "ah geez, looks like I can't talk anymore. Let me go grab your check before it gets real busy. Katou-san ran off to the back once again. about 10 minutes later.

Katou-san had come back with the check, "Well it looks like it's about to get busy here...". handing Miyuki the check. "If you go up to the front He'll check you out." Miyuki nodded. There was a bit of hesitation, in Katou-san's voice, "Hey well I'm not going to be able to stick around, but I still wanna have that coffee!... so let me give you my number!" Strangely enough she pulls out an older flip phone. Miyuki got excited before she realized she had forgotten her phone. "Uh... I'm sorry but I left my phone at home..." Katou-san put her phone away and reached into her pocket, and pulled out a sharpie pen. "Hope you don't mind she smiled, leaning over the table, her larger but soft hands held onto Miyuki's as the pen tickled her palm. Katou-san was close, as Miyuki couldn't help but notice again, how pretty she really was. "There! Okay well I really gotta go, but you better call me, okay!

Miyuki awkwardly replied "y-yes ma'am!" Katou-san giggled as she went over to take the other customers orders.

Miyuki, for the first time in a long time, made a friend.

*001*2019-01-20 09:47

Sorry I seem to get pretty into writing and characterization, Chapter 2 will start to have some of the actually omo content!

*002*2019-01-20 19:06

Read first

So this is the chapter were the omorashi stuff starts to take place, I had taken a bit of time writing it because I had explored a more sadder experiance with Izumi's past but I refrained from it because I wanted to keep a more touching story? I might post the alt chapter just out of curiosity.

###

Chapter 2

Miyuki had paid and left the restaurant as she began walking back to her apartment. She was in great mood, it wasn't everyday that she had a long conversation like that. She wanted to call Katou-san right away, of course she was still working. Now that she thought about it, she never told Miyuki, what would be a good time to call. Miyuki soon arrived at her apartment, taking off her shoes, placing them at the door. Miyuki-san happily sat on her computer chair where she left her phone, and immediately, entered in Katou-san's number into her contacts list. Swirling in her chair, her excitement grew.

She soon took notice of her own eagerness, "Okay I've gotta distract myself... I've got work to do so I should get started." She woke her computer, to resume her work. She began to re-read and do some slight editing to her script before grabbing her sketch book and started drawing some rough sketches of the scenes, looking up every once in while to read. She put some music on, and soon found her self completely engaged in her activity.

It had been about 5 hours of non-stop work. Her hand was a bit cramped, and her back felt stiff. A good sign she had been working to long. She let out a soft yawn, as she checked the time. 5:32pm "Whoah, yeah I should probably take a nap...b-but what if Katou-san calls first? I should just wait a bit longer..." She swiveled her chair towards her tv turning it on, continuing where she left off on her anime she was watching earlier. Soon the tired girl gave in to slumber right there in her computer chair...

She woke slowly wiping sleep from her eyes. The tv repeated the main menu music, the window was dark. Coming to her senses she checked her phone it was 11pm. Miyuki Jumped up "N-No! I fell asleep!" She quickly checked her phone for any messages, seeing none she became very conflicted about what she should do. Was Katou-san already asleep? Did she work later? Miyuki grew desperate so she painfully pressed the call button and awaited for Katou-san to answer. The phone ringed for a bit each time was more disheartening. Hello? A voice on the other end spoke out. K-Katou-san?! I-it's me, Izumi! She gripped the phone tensely.

"Oh, Izumi-san, you know... I was getting worried that you didn't want to see me..." Miyuki-san yelped, "T-That's not true! I-I just didn't know when was a good time to call, a-and then, I wasn't sure if you worked late, and then I tried just waiting but then I fell asleep. a-and-" Katou-san interrupted her. "I-I'm sorry... I was just teasing! Please calm down, I kind of figured that was the issue, I'm kind of an airhead sometimes. I should really pull back on the jokes."

Miyuki once again fell for another one of her traps. "O-oh! y-you really had me worried Katou-san!" She shook her fist at nothing in particular. Katou-san apologized again, "Sorry, don't be mad please! Well it's kind of late I think all the coffee shops around here are closed..." Miyuki felt disappointed in herself but her determination was still high. "Katou-san! H-How about a b-beer! The bars are still open!" There was some giggling over the phone before Katou-san in between laughter replied. "Oh really! I didn't take you for someone who drank, or even someone who was old enough to!" Miyuki slightly embarrassed reassured her. "N-No I-can drink! I-I can even hold my liquor!" I'm serious! T-there's even a bar not too farm from my apartment!" There was some silence, before Katou-san replied. "I guess I have to take your offer! How about we meet at the restaurant in around 10 minutes?" Miyuki-san excitedly agreed before hanging up.

She jumped all round excited as she quickly got her things ready and ran out the door, only returning a few seconds later because she forgot to lock it. Miyuki hadn't felt so happy in a long time, she was going out at night to meet a friend she had met the same day. She quickly made it to the restaurant, only 5 minutes early. She waited and waited with a grin on her face, looking about and searching for any sight of the blond. The more she waited the more she realized how few people were out, It was actually a bit spooky. Seemingly out of nowhere, She was frightened by a "boo" Jumping away she nearly had a heart attack, if she hadn't realized that it was Katou-san who had snuck behind her.

K-Katou-san! Miyuki made a voice that was angry but not in the slightest intimidating. The blond was quick to apologize I'm sorry! You just looked adorable looking all over the place like that!" Miyuki blushed before she took notice of Katou-san outfit, it was much more stylish than her own clothes. She wore her hair in the same natural way, but she wore a cool looking black jacket with a blouse that exposed just enough cleavage to cause anyone to blush,and she wore a pair of jeans that hugged her legs nicely. "You done gawking?" I'm ready to hit the bars girl!" Miyuki playfully getting her attention. Miyuki came to her senses "R-right! sorry t-this way!" She led the away to the promised bar.

It had been quite a couple of hours, it had started awkwardly enough as they broke each other in and soon they were talking comfortably. Comfortably left, and then came more intimately. Miyuki had lied about her ability to keep her liquor and it was obvious to Katou who was much better at doing so. Izumi had taken pleasure in drinking way to much, and by her 5th beer, was incoherently explaining to Katou-san how cool magical girls are and how she's wanted to be one all her life. Making all kinds of silly gestures and signs that the blonde could only laugh at. Miyuki had nearly ordered another before Katou stepped in.

"I think you've had enough Izumi-san." She grabbed her hand before she rose it trying to get the bartenders attention. In her drunken state she had no fear of anyone even men. Though it was mostly due to Katou-san who ordered the first 2 drinks. Miyuki paused drunkenly before realizing what Katou-san meant. "O-Oh! I see, I am drunk..." It had been about 2 hours, and it was getting late, Katou felt a bit bad for the poor girl she must have been trying to impress her but she wasn't doing so well because she couldn't walk straight. Miyuki instead that she was okay and could handle the walk back to her apartment, but the mature blond knew better she put her arm around miyuki and helped her staggering out of the bar and down the dimly lit street.

The normal 5 minute walk took roughly 20 minutes due to Miyuki drunken directions but eventually Katou and the young girl made it to her apartment, or at least she hoped. Miyuki had been rambling nonsense the entire time, but upon reaching the door on the 3rd floor Miyuki finally spoke something that she understood. "Um Katou-san I don't feel very good." Just then the blond, realizing what she meant, and had no time to react. The young girl stared off into space before vomit spewed from her mouth and nose. It wasn't long before she was sobbing. There was vomit on her front door as well some that had dripped on to her sweater and shoes. Katou-San quickly fished for her keys in the girls purse. Upon getting the door open she set Miyuki up against the wall.

"Don't leave me Kato-san... I'm sorry." Katou reassured her. "Hey it's okay I'm gonna be right back you stay here and just have a seat." Katou had been to many parties before and knew how to deal with these things. She searched her apartment before finding her bathroom, grabbing a towel she ran back out side wiping off Miyuki's drooling mouth. She gently took Miyuki's glasses off placing them in her pocket. She then took care taking off her stained shoes. Upon taking Miyuki's sweater off Izumi-San suddenly had a burst of energy, she seemed fearful "w-what are you doing Katou-san! She weakly held on to herself making it difficult to remove her sweater. "Izumi-San sweetie your sweater is covered in vomit, I need to take it off-"

"d-dont! Stop!" Her protests were void of energy. Eventually Katou-san was able to get her sweater off leaving her in a t-shirt, skirt, and black stockings. She picked up the incoherent girl, to her bed sitting her up on the edge of the bedside. "Izumi-san I think,it's best that you take a shower to try and sober you up." The young girl was nearly passed out and her eyes were red, from crying. She was most definitely tired.

After some though Katou thought it was best to let her sleep. She didn't want to leave her alone in case she ended up suffocating on her own vomit. So she did the next best thing and slept next to the poor girl and kept her head on her side of the bed with a trash can. She opted for the gjrl's computer chair because for some reason her bed was a bit damp, she also noticed the strange plastic feeling under her sheets. She could only put two together which only made her feel more sorry for the girl. She had at least moved her to the dryer side of her bed. She couldn't help but rub her tired head. She looked like a little doll without her glasses on. She did have to admit she did look quite adorable with them on as well. But she kept her thoughts hidden away. She noticed looked at the clock on the night stand it was 3am. It seemed like it had been much longer. She too found herself nodding off, before she new it she was already asleep.

Light was beaming into her Katou's eyes she realized it was morning, but didn't know the time. Looking over at the clock again it read 8 am, She nearly had a heart attack but she realized it was Sunday, a day she had off. Relieved she remembered that she spent the night in Izumi's apartment watching over the poor girl. She was actually a lot more worried that she had shifted her position in her sleep on to her side, but was relieved to see she was breathing. She had somehow able to find her body pillow with some anime character on it. She found equally cute as Izumi was hugging in her sleep. Katou-san couldn't help but to take picture with her phone until she realized it was dead.

"figures..." She said with a smile before going back to watching the cute girl again. She had almost reached over to pet her head, until she suddenly noticed Izumi's light brown skirt, grew darker before visibly flowing liquid could be seen and heard. Katou gasped out loud before attempting to wake the girl up. Multiple shoves were required as the young girl held tightly to her pillow urine began to soil that too, as she had it tucked in-between her legs. "Izumi-san please wake up!" she said gently trying not to startle her awake. She suddenly woke up and she just stared off into the distance before noticing a blond girl looking over her. "K-katou...san?" she shifted and immediately felt the wetness on her legs and skirt as well as the currently trickling pee. Miyuki tried to jump up and quickly dart for the bathroom but she was wrapped up in her sheets and the large body pillow, she tried and tried, fighting to make it to the bathroom but she couldn't even get a foot on the floor.

Eventually her bladder gave up and she sat there on her bed on her hands and knees wetting herself. She hung her head in shame but was equally to scared to look anywhere else. Thankfully her lower portion was covered in sheets, but even Katou knew what she was doing. Her breathing became heavy and staggered as her shoulders jerked. The blond walked over to the girl, she got down in front of the girl, who had made it just to the edge of the bed.

She saw the face of a mortified girl, her eyes were open, casted down. brimming with tears refusing to look at anything else. she bit her lip but nothing could stop the pitiful sound of choked sobs. Katou grabbed and pulled the girl into a tight hug, not caring about the soaked sheets that surround the girl. Miyuki made some attempt at an apology but, Katou-san just held her tight without any words. Before long Miyuki gave up and let her self cry, she cried for a long time. The only thing breaking through her sobs, were Miyuki's heartfelt sorry's.

It had been about 30-40 minutes before Katou-san spoke.

"Izumi-san, It's okay... I don't think of you any less." She began to stroke the girl's hair. "You had a rough night you know? It wasn't your fault."

Soon Miyuki had brought her tears down to sniffling. Katou noticed this and began to help the poor girl, trying her best to be tactful. "Hey how about we get you up and into the shower would you like that?" There was a pause before she could feel Izumi nodding. She could feel the girl struggling with the sheets, before Katou, simply princess carried her to the bathroom which almost started Izumi tears back up. "It's okay, just calm down.

Miyuki hadn't felt so miserable, so humiliated, and helpless in a very long time. She couldn't help but cry, at the same time, she had never felt such kindness, and love from someone other than her own mother before. She tried her best to stifle her tears, and try to remain somewhat dignified. Soon she was placed down onto her feet. The floor was cold, and her soaking wet stockings didn't help. Katou-san gently untangled the sheets around the shivering girl, soon leaving her in her skirt which was almost completely wet down the middle and around her bottom, her stockings were fully soaked.

She was so embarrassed, trying to cover herself which was nearly impossible. The tall blond rolled up the sheets into a ball, before addressing the younger girl. "Izumi-san go ahead and take your clothes off and leave them at the door, you go ahead and take a shower, and I'll wash these for you." Miyuki protested insisting that she shouldn't have to do so, but was ultimately silenced by Katou. "It's okay hun, let me help you."

Katou-san took the sheets to the washing machine, and waited outside the bathroom door until a small hand held the soaking wet clothes just outside the bathroom door. The blond grabbed her clothes being mindful not to peak. She took her clothes to the washing machine, and started a load. Soon it was just her, the sound of the washing machine, and the sound of the young girl showering. It had been in the back of her mind since this morning but she felt horrible for feeling the way she did. Katou had a secret, she enjoyed watching girls wet themselves, bed wettings, toilet accidents...

She drew immense pleasure from it, but most of all, she enjoyed when it wasn't on purpose... The blond had grown with this strange fetish for a long time, she used to hate herself for having it, and right now she really did hate herself for even thinking about that right now. This wasn't the first time she had witnessed it... but it was surely the most pitiful of them all. All she knew is that she wanted to protect this girl. Deep in her heart she felt that something was hurting Izumi-san.

*003*2019-01-20 19:30

I must be missing something, but I'm not really sure how to add tag! So sorry!

*005*2019-01-20 19:58

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story

}}

I'm glad you like it so far!

*006*2019-01-21 10:55

Chapter 3

Miyuki sat silently in the shower, letting the warm water pound her back and head, she had tucked herself into a ball and refused to move for quite awhile. She was replaying the incident over and over. She felt miserable, she felt humiliated, and she felt dumb. She wasn't able to make the call to Katou earlier, so they could have coffee. She couldn't hold her liquor, and ended up vomiting right in front of her. She had to be taken care of by Someone she hadn't even known for whole a 24 hours, forcing her to stay the night in her apartment. To complete the deal she had wet the bed, as well as wetting herself right in front of her. She quietly began to sob again, she tried her best but she just couldn't help feel how helpless and pathetic she was. An unknown amount of time had gone by as she sat in the shower, she had stopped crying and realized she should finish up in the shower and properly apologize to Katou for everything.

Turning off the water, she stepped out of the shower, and grabbing a towel, she began to dry herself off. She held on to the door handle tying to compose herself. She was still shaking but she had to do what was right. She called out for Katou but there was no response, She did so again but heard nothing. She opened the door and saw no-one there. She grew worried but she also noticed her bed was not only dry but it was made, her clothes were folded on the bed. It felt weird having the presence of someone else in her, typically empty apartment. She walked over to the bed and noticed some breathing, and sure enough Katou-san had fallen asleep on the floor. She felt embarrassed because she was clutching in one hand her body pillow, and in the other hand her Magical Girl Poya Poya pillow case. She must have been trying to put it back on and fell asleep right on the spot. She smiled a bit, and it was the first smile she had made that morning.

Seeing that she was a sleep she went a head and got dressed slipping on a pair of panties, sweat pants, and a long sleeve shirt. She hadn't had anyone sleep over at her apartment or house before, and wasn't really sure what to do, but she figured it was best to let her sleep. She grabbed a blanket from her closet and draped it over the sleeping blond. She soon found herself standing above the girl, staring at her face. It was a beautiful face that made it hard for the girl to look away.

She was able to bring herself to her senses and found away to keep herself busy. She went over to the small kitchen area and decided to put a pot of coffee on. She tried her best not to make any noise. She thought about using her computer but the way Katou-san was sleeping made it difficult to actually sit at it, so she decided to work traditionally on her bed. She grabbed her headphones so she could listen to music, but her phone was nearly dead, so she went ahead and put it on the charger. She drew in her sketchbook in relative silence for about and 2 hours had passed and soon Miyuki had fallen asleep as well.

Miyuki had been woken for the second time this morning by a blonde girl. She jolted up in surprise, realizing that once again she was going to have to face Katou-san. The blond was relieved, "Sorry that I woke you... I-uh... threw away your plastic sheet... I wanted to make sure you didn't... have another accident." She tried choosing her words more carefully as not hurt the small girl. Miyuki replied, "t-thank you... for doing that..." She went on her hands and knees on the bed, bowing her head, she was groveling in forgiveness. She spoke shaking. "I'm sorry for everything Katou-san. I don't know how to repay you. I'm just so sorry." Katou-san was lost for words. She wasn't Japanese but she knew that groveling was a serious deal.

"I accept your apology but it's just as much my fault, I should have known you were having a lot to drink last night. I'm the elder her and I had a responsibility to take care of you. So please for the sake of being my friend will you please not grovel like that?" saying this, the blonde, gently sat on the bed with her. The groveling girl finally sat normally, her face was still hot with shame. She grabbed the small girls hands "Izumi-san... is there anything you want to talk to me about?" Miyuki felt Katou's hands, they were soft and gentle but at the same time she felt that if she ran away those same hands would not allow it. hearing this she thought hard. "Is there something that's been troubling you?" Miyuki was deep in thought unsure if Katou was talking about what she thought she was talking about. She wasn't the most open about things especially her past.

"I turned down your offer yesterday... about needing someone to talk to, because I don't feel comfortable with my past. I don't like talking about it and I don't want to think about it." Miyuki listened intently. "Now how about we make a deal, If I tell you about why I left the US, how about you tell me about yourself, and your past." Miyuki thought about it, she twiddled her fingers, and thought really hard, the only ones that new about her past were her parents and her therapist. All of which she hadn't really seen in good while. She did feel safe with Katou-san. She had taken care of her the whole night and continued to do so in the morning. She really must have cared right? She nodded her head hesitantly in response.

Katou smiled "Then it's a deal! but before we get started, I smell coffee, and I think this would be a nice talk over some coffee, don't you think?" Miyuki remembered she had put the coffee on but forgot about it when she fell asleep. "Y-yes I think so too, the mood change helped her feel a bit more relaxed. She ran over to the kitchen before turning back. "u-um the coffee... I-I might have to microwave it...." Katou-san replied "That's fine, sorry for the trouble!"

It had been an hour of constant talking, most of which had been done by the blonde. Katou-san was born in the US, her real name however was Juliette Alice, she enjoyed her life there. She was a fairly popular girl in high school, a true queen bee. Though she was kind and understanding and was usually the one to stick up for other students the ones that were bullied and such. Juliette was not a very bright girl, nor did she posses any talent in the arts, or music. She did however enjoy sports, she was a good athlete which helped her through high school with numerous scholarships.

She did however hold a secret, she was attracted to both women and men, but she never enjoyed the company of men the same way she did when she was hanging around girls. She had always kept this to herself, and for the most part never acted on the urges. It wasn't until the 11th grade that she had befriended a girl that she ran with often during track practice. She had known her for years, and at one point she just felt determined that maybe she was able to understand her feelings. If not, she was still a good friend and would understand her. She thought she had nothing to loose. Juliette decided to come out to her parents first, they were the supportive figures in her life of course.

They had disregarded anything she had said, and strictly forbid her from talking anymore about it. She had been in complete shock, she couldn't believe it. About a month later, she brought the topic back up this time she was met with strong retaliation. This went on for months. She felt shame for her sexuality she felt disgusted. If her own parents wouldn't understand, how could anyone else? She continued through her school life, she was no queen bee anymore she was depressed, she became much more stoic, and spaced out.

She favored watching videos on the internet, and browsing her computer in the late night. She found herself on forums about romance, and fan fiction, and soon she found her way towards watching anime, she only knew what she heard some of the geekier students talk about when they walked past. She became instantly hooked, she love it, nothing was forbidden, and nothing was wrong, it was all acceptable. Yuri, they called it, She became infatuated with the whole community, the fan works the art, the stories.

She was happy, and she felt good about herself, that others were out there that were okay with. it hadn't been a year until her parents had taken notice in her grades. Upon taking her computer away they browsed her history and that was it. They confronted her again, they gave her the option of continuing school or going to bible school. Of course any sane person would have stayed away from the later. So she did, she finished high school, and slowly her rebellious side began to show, and on the day she received her diploma she left home at the age of 18. She left her home and she left her town.

She planned ahead selling everything she owned she even stole back the laptop and sold it too. Her plan was to move to Japan. It was a dumb single minded plan but the though of it kept her going. With what she had in cash she was able to open her own bank account, but it wasn't enough, she only had about 1000$. She scrounged around taking small jobs, and by the time she was 22 she amassed about 10,000$ She flew, traveling as light as a feather picking the cheapest location that she could find. A one way trip. She wasn't coming back.

She had issues with the language, as well as finding a landlord that would give her a room. She struggled for a long time in between jobs that she couldn't keep because of her living situation. 3 years had passed, she was a complete homeless mess. One night she walked into that same restaurant down the street, she had enough for one meal and a beer. Later that morning the manager's wife. found the same girl asleep outside their restaurant. He took her in and let her use they're shower upstairs. She begged him for a job only in payment for food. The girl worked well, really well and by the end of the day she had earned herself a job, a meal and a home.

Her story had moved Miyuki to tears. "Katou-sa-..Arisu-san, oh my goodness, I didn't know you went through so much!" Miyuki held the blonde girls hand as she sniffled. "I-it's okay Izumi-san r-really come on now." Miyuki spoke, again. "I'm sorry, have I've been using the wrong name?" Katou reassured her, "No, please, just use whatever's more comfortable for you okay?" Miyuki nodded. Wow I feel kinda better getting that off my chest! So Izumi-san... I want to know your story, what's been bothering you?" Miyuki knew it was coming but it now was her turn. She played with her fingers before trailing off into speech.

"There... was this boy.... that I was friends with..." She spoke slowly as she told the older girl who stared intently with her blue eyes. She told her about how they used to walk to and from school together. How the boy was like a brother to her. She kept avoiding parts of the story, but she couldn't do it with Miyuki's eyes staring at her. "H-he t-t-took... me into the b-bathr" her voice became shaky, "h-he took my m-my und." Katou-san quickly grabbed the girl into a hug as she did many times already. "Hey you don't have to say anymore!" she repeated over and over again. She rocked her back in forth "It wasn't your fault, nothing has been your fault, you hear me?" She continued, soothing the girl. Miyuki could only cry "w-why did he do that?" through her hiccuping voice. Katou continued to hug her tightly as the evening sun lit the tears on the young girls face.

Katou once again was holding the girl as she calmed down. She felt as if the past 18 hours consisted of either sleeping, hugging or both. "I-i'm okay now Katou-san" She lightened her hug on the girl. Her eyes red from crying, Katou had forgotten that she still had Izumi's glasses in her pocket. "Oh I almost forgot to give these back." She took the glasses, opening them up and placing them on the girls face. She wiped a stray hair from her face, Katou couldn't help but be honest."Your so pretty Izumi-san, I don't want to see such a pretty face covered with such sad tears." Miyuki felt embarrassed hearing that from her, but secretly she was happy. Miyuki hugged Katou catching the blonde of guard. "T-thank you... for everything today." Katou felt her heart pound warmly. "Aw sweetie, I want to be here for you. I'm your friend arn't I?"

About an hour later Katou had Miyuki wrapped in her arms, as they spent the afternoon watching anime together. Katou ordered a pizza, and the two had a great time. Miyuki had not laughed that much in a long time, for a brief instance it felt like a little piece of childhood, had been restored. Soon it was 10 pm. Katou knew she had to go back to the restaurant, and get a good night sleep for work in the morning. Miyuki also had work tomorrow. "Well Izumi-san it looks like our little party is coming to an end." Miyuki wasn't very happy about it but she understood. They hugged each other goodnight as Miyuki worriedly watched her turn the corner down the stairs. "U-um Katou-san w-when will I see you again?" The blond turned and smiled. "The weekend for sure, but the restaurants open till 8pm during the week!" She waved goodbye as she disappeared down the stairs.

For the next couple of weeks the two spent many weekends together if not every. They were all each-other really had. Miyuki felt confidence when she was around Katou, she was kind and she was understanding. Katou liked Miyuki she couldn't lie to herself but the relationship she had with Miyuki was nearly enough, she loved seeing that girl smile and laugh. 3 months had passed, it seemed like a whole year to the two girls. One Saturday afternoon the two were together in Miyuki's apartment. Katou had grown used to calling Miyuki by her first name. She thought it was cuter and more fitting than Izumi. Miyuki still called Katou the same name out of respect, she was still her senpai of course. The blond had been watching some of Miyuki's anime, while she was working on a drawing.

"Hey, Miyuki..." Katou spoke suspiciously. "yes Katou-san?" The blonde felt bad, she was about to ask something quite serious. "Remember that day after we first met... " Miyuki felt a bit concerned, she turned her computer chair to face her properly but Katou was still face away watching the TV. "O-of course I remember..."

"You know how I said that..... I found girls attractive...?"

"yes I remember..." Miyuki responded intrigued..

There was a pause before Katou spoke again. "W-well that's it, I-I love you Miyuki." She turned around to face Miyuki, her expression slightly concerned. "Ever since that day I've wanted to protect you, care for you and to love you. I... I was just hoping that you felt the same." Miyuki was surprised because she had never seen Katou blush so hard before, Nevertheless she was happy to hear her words. "I've never really been confessed to nor have I done so... S-so I don't really know how I feel about love with another girl... but I think I might have been feeling the same way, s-so please be patient with me, b-but I accept your confession, because I trust you Katou-san." Katou-san had never felt happier.

"Oh Miyuki she ran over to the small girl, eliciting a giggle out of her as she was smothered by the girls hug. They soon found themselves on Miyuki's bed embracing each other. "Hey Miyuki is it okay if sleep over tonight?" Miyuki smiled. "Of course I-I'd love that!". The two were up late in the night drinking coffee and making up silly manga stories, Katou even drew some up, though she wasn't an artist in the slightest, Miyuki tried her hardest not to laugh at the funny faces she drew. Soon it was 1 am and the two seemed like it was time to go to bed. Miyuki had made a bed for the tall girl on the floor next to hers. They hugged each other goodnight, and Katou gave Miyuki a kiss on the forehand leaving Miyuki in a blushed state. "Good night Miyuki, I love you." Miyuki blushed hearing the words again. "I-i love you to Katou-san!" Katou-san was the first to fall asleep. Leaving Miyuki in a blushed mess, she hugged her pillow tightly, she thought to herself. "Katou-san loves me!"

*008*2019-01-23 23:18

So I'd really like to add tags because I'm going to be writing about a lot of different kinks and such with this story, some of course would be nice to know ahead of time so people don't end up reading stuff they don't like. I can see myself going along with this story for a bit.

Is there anyway to add tags to an existing topic? Or should I repost what I have now, so I can post new chapters?

$$

*010*2019-01-27 21:00

{{12 hours ago, Maki said:

@nasfan9

If you don't see the "Add tag" button at the top of the topic..

..just let me know which tags you want to add and I'll put them in for you!

(Tag modifications might be tied to your edit time restrictions; I'll look into changing that if so.)

}}

Sorry! I've had this account forever, so when I began writing my first fanfic, I realized that I couldn't put tags because It still read me as a new member...

So I went and made a new topic already... If you'd like to delete the untagged version (this one) that would be okay.

Sorry for the inconvenience

