My own request thread!

Author: Little Widow

*000*2015-07-13 22:46

I feel like this is overdue. But yes! I will happily take requests! A few things though:

1. I have a no-no list (see below).

2. I have a fandom list (also OC's if you message me).

3. Can't do smut/sex. Foreplay I can kind of manage, but don't expect it to be super awesome.

Now then....

FANDOMS I CAN DO:

Avengers (or any characters within: I go by movieverse though!)

Fantastic 4 (again, movieverse. But the classic one with Chris Evans)

Big Time Rush

Winx Club

JONAS (band or TV show, I don't care)

Wizards of Waverly Place

Twilight (to some extent)

Divergent

Other! If you don't see a fandom on the list, ask anyways. I may know it.

Sorry, but I can't add in:

BDSM

Abuse

Rape/non-con/dub-con

Messing

Smut/sex

So just let me know if you want something and I'll see what I can do. :)

*003*2015-07-14 15:28

{{: 

If I remember correctly, Techna was the only one of the Winx who had a full bodysuit in battle mode as opposed to a skirt. Aren't nearly enough Magical Girl-related omo or omo with bodysuits, so something with Techna wetting in battle would be nice. Perhaps she's too busy working on a technology related problem to take a bathroom break or is on a date with Timmy and too socially awkward to excuse herself when Crisis arises. I'll leave it up to you whether here battle costume is made of porous or waterproof material.

}}

You, my dear, are a genius. :D Isn't techna's home planet like, devoid of emotions and stuff too? That could play in as well... :D I'll play around with the idea. I'll do my best.

{{: 

Now you know how I feel about that Tony Stark...

Though if you get too many requests don't worry about it, cos there's plenty of material for him on the way (I took requests on tumblr at three out of five were for him soooo).

Or, if you want an alternative, I used to have quite the crush on Johnny Storm.

}}

<script type="text/javascript" src="/pagespeed_static/js_defer.pbrP1whUgE.js"></script>

Of COURSE I'll write you more Tony fic! :D It's only fair after you wrote me that awesome fic about him and Natasha. Actually, I read that and I think I already have an idea. ;D I may play around with the Johnny Storm idea too.... but no promises on that one. :)

*006*2015-07-15 16:50

{{: 

I'd like an Avengers story with Pepper being desperate while on the ship in the third film.

}}

Urg, I haven't actually seen the third Iron Man. :((( Once I have (It may take quite a while) I'd be more than happy to do this one. But like I said, it'll probably take quite a while.....

{{: 

It's not on your list, but could you do Percy Jackson? I feel like Nico would absolutely have a problem with a weak bladder/bedwetting, but I have a hard time finding any PJO omo.

}}

I actually don't know that fandom. :(((( Sorry!

*010*2015-07-15 19:42

{{: 

Hey LW, you know the Star Trek Fandom?

}}

No, I don't. Sorry. :(

{{: 

Do you know 'Avatar The Last Airbender'? (preferably one of Zuko)

If you did one of those, I'd love you forever XD Or (is listed above), a big time rush one with Logan stuck on the tour bus with the rest of the band ( bathroom was broken or something) ?

}}

I knew I was forgetting one! :D I actually know the both of those fandoms really REALLY well. So I can probably swing both. Do you have any ships you prefer for BTR, or just straight laced bro-ness? Also, for Avatar, do you prefer it be during the war, or after?

*012*2015-07-15 19:50

{{: 

YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU'RE SO AWESOME!

Well, for BTR I prefer bromance, no couples. And Avatar, during the War, around the time when Zuko first joined the gang :)

}}

Got it. I've got a bit of a back log, so it may take a while. But I'll get it done, promise. :D

*016*2015-07-18 19:38

{{: 

I am searching desperately for a Bam Margera fic, and I know my chances of that are slim to none.

Still, if you or anyone knows of one or can write one, let me know.

}}

I actually do not know that one. :( I'm sorry!

*019*2015-07-18 21:46

{{: 

How about a star wars one with satele shan, or princess leia?

If you dont know star wars then could you do one with the black widow from avengers? pee desperation/wetting only though please.

}}

Oh my God I LOVE YOU. :D I can't do Starwars but I LOVE Black widow and am MORE than happy to oblige. :))) I'm on my way to work but I'll get to work on it, I promise.

*020*2015-07-19 23:48

Alright gang, I have some bad news. My computer sort of... Died. It's not been charging for a while and it finally ran out of power. I'm going to get it looked at tomorrow, but in the meantime... I have no access to one. :( if you have made a request and I acknowledged it, I have it started. It's just gonna take me a bit longer to finish it up. :( it will get done! I promise! Also, feel free to leave me more. I will get them done at some point. :)

*022*2015-07-21 03:24

{{: 

Ayyyyy remember that time you wanted to commission me but ended up not being able to or whatever happened (don't really remember clearly)? Wellllllll! I wanted to thank you for the awesome request you did for me so I thought I'd go ahead and write what you had wanted to commission. Was gonna make it a surprise but it might be a while before I can do it so I figured I'd go ahead and tell you.

Also if you want something other than what you said back then, I'm totally up for itttt

}}

You are awesome! :D I just can't get the idea out of my head of the above mentioned. I know you're not awesome with Avengers but you love Tony. And you wrote that awesome one before. So yeah. But I'm game for whatever you come up with. :3 literally anything.

