It's Dangerous to Go Alone!

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2014-11-17 12:11

Notes: I wanted to post this on Halloween, but the revisions weren't done. I posted an earlier draft on Nyou Fiction last year. It started out as a scene from a comic book I wanted to make. If I could only find an artist willing to draw the scenes I dream up...

A piercing scream jarred Denise awake. She shot upright and saw Kimmy holding a flashlight. It illuminated much of the interior of the dome-shaped tent, and enough light was bouncing off the fabric for Denise's bleary eyes to see that her friend was quite calm.

"Was that you?" she asked as she brushed her unkempt brown hair out of her eyes.

"Yeah," Kimmy replied. "I didn't know if anything was gonna wake you up."

"Why'd you scream?"

"'Cause I didn't know if anything was gonna wake you up."

The sleepy-eyed girl produced a muffled groan. Her camping partner had found a new way of annoying her. She probably thought this was funny, but Denise had had her fill of funny stunts the first day of the trip. And it was still the first day now, unless midnight had come already.

"Now that we've got that cleared up, why did you wake me up?" Denise asked with a touch of venom in her voice. Without even trying, she was glaring at the other girl like an austere teacher. Her eyelids and her well-defined dark brown eyebrows were closing in on her green eyes.

Kimmy's countenance was the exact opposite. As usual, her eyes and lips made it look like she was on the verge of breaking out laughing, and something about her freckle-splattered face and fluffy puffs of ginger hair made her look mirthful even when she tried to be serious.

"I have to go out," she explained.

"I take it you're enforcing the buddy system," Denise replied wryly.

"They wouldn't've beat it into our heads at Camp Keomah if it weren't a good policy," Kimmy said with a smile. Denise recalled the distant summer to which she was referring, and mused on the fact that only one of them had grown up since then.

"You're a big girl, Kimberley. You can leave the tent to go potty by yourself."

"I'm scared!" the redhead squeaked. "There are coyotes all around. I've been listening to their conversations for a while, and it sounds like they have plans."

"Well, I had plans for sleep, and I'm not changing them." With that, the slim brunette laid down and closed her eyes.

"So you won't come with me?"

"No. Not until I need to go out myself."

"That's fine," Kimmy pouted. The flashlight beam bounced around as she rummaged through her bags. Liquid sounds followed. "I'll just pour and sip water from this canteen while I read this science book I brought. Ah, yes, 'Chapter 8: The Urinary System.'"

Before long, they were both outside the tent enduring the feeling of obviously full bladders.

"Did you really need to put all your clothes on?" asked Denise, who was only wearing boots, socks, and glasses.

"Yeah," Kimmy answered with a tone of voice that said, "Well, duh!" She was wearing bluejeans, a belt, and a red flannel shirt with a bra underneath. Even her hair looked like she was ready to pose for a photo. "In case somebody sees me," she explained.

"Nobody's gonna see you," Denise remarked in a motherly tone. Her general feeling of irritation had just been distracted by the odd fact that Kimmy's bust bounced more in a bra and shirt than hers did while she walked around nude.

Kimmy was heading for the latrine pit they had dug that afternoon. They were both quite self-conscious about bathroom subjects, so it was in a tucked-away spot where an especially dense thicket of the forest came to an end. The car was parked in front of it, making it even harder to see what went on there. Right now the spot was illuminated by the bright circle of Kimmy's flashlight, which jiggled as she walked. It was the only way to find the latrine on this Moonless night far away from city lights. She beckoned to her friend.

Denise couldn't put it off any longer. The time had some to tell Kimmy about her problem.

"I can't go next to you," she explained succinctly. There was a nervous feeling in her chest as she feared her friend would call her weird, as others had. "I'll find a place nearby," she added awkwardly.

"But I can't go without you!" Kimmy complained. "It's too scary!"

"It's not my choice. Understand?"

"You can go to the bathroom next to me. I don't mind. I'm already seeing you naked, for crying out loud."

"No, I can't."

"I'm your friend. You can be totally comfortable. I won't say a word about your business, no matter what it sounds or smells like. I promise."

"That's not the problem. I don't even have to go that way."

"Great, then come over here and go with me. I don't wanna squat alone in the dark in this scary place."

"I can't go if I can see or hear anybody nearby. The equipment just seizes up. There's nothing I can do about it."

"Ohhh..." Kimmy's childish vocalization trailed off as she thought the situation over. "We seem to be at an impiss. Get it? Like 'impasse'? Isn't that funny?"

"If I were more awake I'd probably smack you," Denise replied in a deadpan.

"What are..." Kimmy began before being interrupted by a cold breeze. "Ooh! Doesn't this wind just make your body shrink around your bladder?" She crossed her arms and legs, making her jeans tighten around her curvaceous thighs and buttocks.

Denise tried to discuss this logically. "You'll be just as safe without me. If there's a wolf or a machete guy, I'm not going to be much help."

"Yeah you are. You'll watch my back. You'll ward off sneak attacks and peeping."

"Watch your back?!? Look, this isn't a James Cameron movie. We're camping in a safe, remote site where nobody could possibly see us, let alone attack us. You need to relax."

"I just thought of something," Kimmy said in a hushed voice.

"Let me guess, it made you more scared."

"Yeah! I saw this thing on Facebook that said there have been three unexplained disappearances in this town in just one month. Or maybe it was one year? Six months? I don't remember."

"I saw a thing on Facebook that said a man in Arizona keeps his embalmed wife in a glass coffee table."

"Is that real?!?"

"Of course not! That's my point! Besides, we're not in the city, so we should be safe from disappearing."

"But this girl texted her friend to tell her she'd found something and she should come take a look. She didn't say what it was. Her last text said, 'I see sparkles.' Her phone was found in a bed of gravel at a construction site, and she was never seen or heard from again."

"According to a half-remembered post on Facebook?"

"Quit doubting stuff! My fears are valid! And I'm afraid of what'll happen if we split up."

"I'll stay in the area. You open the car door so I can find you easily. If there's an emergency, call for me. If not, be completely quiet. And please don't come looking for me. I don't want to be found until I'm done with what I have to do."

"With the car light on anybody can see me."

"Nobody can see you. Nobody's out here."

"Okay, I'm okay with us splitting up, so long as we're not too far apart and you keep your flashlight on in case I need to find you. I'll set mine down so it shines on the bushes here. I don't want my fat butt in the spotlight for everybody to see."

"Two corrections: 1. Your derrière is magnificent, and you should stop complaining about the plumpness of it and your other body parts. 2. No one is here to see you, no matter how well-lit you are."

"Whose 'derrière' gets the toilet paper? We only have the one roll."

"You can have it. I'll use leaves."

"Just don't use poison Ivy," Kimmy said with a laugh.

"Gee, that's such a clever and original joke. Certainly no one has ever said anything like that in all my years of camping."

"I wonder if you've already got a hideous, agonizing poison ivy rash down in your private folds. It'd explain your mood." She laughed. Denise wasn't amused.

The two micturient girls went their separate ways, but didn't get far.

"What's that!?!" Kimmy gasped suddenly, stopping Denise in her tracks.

"What is it?"

"Quiet!" Kimmy paused breathlessly, clearly listening for something. "It stopped," she finally said. "I heard rustling."

"Well, I don't hear anything."

"Neither do I. But I did." Kimmy stayed frozen in place.

"Are you gonna stand there all night?"

"I guess there's nothing I can do," she said, and resumed walking to the latrine. Denise shined her flashlight into the trees, looking for a secluded spot where she could relieve herself in peace.

"There it is again!" Kimmy said in a whisper that veered off into a high-pitched yelp before the sentence was through. "It's a rustling sound. Something in the woods is closing in on us." This time the terrified girl shined her flashlight around nervously instead of being a statue.

"I might've heard something too," pondered Denise, "but it wasn't very distinct." She was getting worried. "It would've been in your direction."

"Oh!" Kimmy exclaimed. "It was the granola bar wrappers rustling. I forgot they were still in my pocket.

"Ow!" Denise cried out.

"What is it!?!" asked her friend, who was back in panic mode.

"My flashlight. I forgot it was in my hand when I smacked my face in exasperation."

A few minutes later, Denise was trying to turn a halting trickle into a flowing stream. Her tailbone was resting against a moss-free patch of a log. Her body was mostly blocked by the wider part of the fallen tree as well as the bushes and saplings nearby. Her flashlight was resting face down on a rough piece of bug-eaten bark. It looked like it should be visible from a good distance, but it didn't cast enough light for anyone to see what the girl was doing. Unlike Kimmy, Denise didn't fear that strangers would see her relieving herself. She was, however, afraid her friend would see her. Her bladder had only shed itself of a few milliliters so far, but she was doing better than she'd expected. Just getting away from Kimmy had allowed her to relax her body and mind a great deal.

The strange thing was, a mere 24 hours ago, Denise would have said Kimmy was her favorite person to be with. After all, the irreverent and exuberant redhead had helped her to laugh and forget her stress for years. But they had only become close friends recently. Denise had mainly interacted with her in large groups, usually at their high school and the other schools before it. She was a welcome reprieve from the seriousness of school. But now they were done with school for good. There was no serious counterpoint to her clowning and quirkiness, and no other person to serve as a buffer. Being in constant contact with someone who was always playful, bubbly, and silly was too much for Denise's nerves. It was certainly a different experience from the quiet, peaceful camping trips she was used to taking with family.

But Denise didn't need to think about that at this moment. She tried to put her camping partner out of her mind, and pretend she was completely alone in the wilderness where there were no rules of propriety. She was just getting to the point where she was letting her urine flow instead of forcing it out when she was startled by a rustling sound rapidly closing in on her from behind. She quickly grabbed her flashlight and shone it on the approaching noise. It illuminated a pair of hazel eyes surrounded by freckles. Kimmy squeaked and shielded her eyes.

"Denise!" she spat in a sibilant whisper. Then she looked around nervously before jumping over the giant log. She squeaked again when a stick scratched her. "Get down! Something coming!"

Denise got down on her knees to hide next to Kimmy.

"What is com...?"

"Something's coming after us! Don't make a sound."

"I saw a light and it was getting brighter. I think it's coming closer."

"What kind of light?" Denise was still skeptical, but no longer completely dismissive.

"It looks like a bike but it might be a space ship or a ghost or that weird kinda lightning that's shaped like a ball...whatever it's called."

"Calm down. I'll take a look."

"Be careful! It could be dangerous!"

"I'm more worried about the bruises I'm gonna get from you grabbing me like that," she whispered as she cautiously crept from their hiding place place to investigate. She returned moments later, walking casually.

"It's the radio tower," she said.

"What?!?" Kimmy responded, turning her flashlight back on so she could see her friend. What she saw was a slender, pale-skinned woman with her feet planted in the ground, her hands on her hips, and her torso and head askew. It was exactly the pose a mother would assume when telling her daughter to clean her room. The fact that she was completely naked except for glasses and footwear undermined the seriousness, however.

"The radio tower next to the Y. It has a blinking light on it. That's what you saw."

"Are you sure?" Kimmy asked incredulously. "I thought it was getting closer."

"That was an optical illusion."

"That's a relief," Kimmy said, still shining her flashlight on Denise. "Hey, I didn't know you had your appendix out."

"Point that thing somewhere else. Now, are you gonna leave this log, or should I find another one?"

"Now I'm really too scared to go alone. Those close calls were too much for me."

"'Close calls'? You got scared over nothing. Twice."

"Only because it's so scary." Kimmy was getting really worked up now. "Oh, Denise, we shouldn't be out here. Not now. This trip was a mistake."

"Why not now?" asked Denise, impassive as ever.

"Because there's evil in the air," the girl said with the intonation of an actress in a horror movie. Her eyes seemed to light up with fearful passion. Held her hands out theatrically. "I can feel it."

"And what exactly does evil feel like? Cold? Electricity? Your foot falling asleep."

"Something's wrong," she said in pouty protest, ruining whatever air of graveness she might have had. "That's all I feel. It's been at the back of my mind for a while now. Even before school got out."

"Kimmy, come on. Nothing evil is in the air around us. All that's happening is we're out in the country on a dark night and you're remembering all the movies you've seen where bad stuff happens to people in places like this on nights like this."

"We'll go back to the pit, where it's safe."

"It's safe here. It's safe everywhere."

"But I'm scared!"

"You shouldn't be."

"You shouldn't be scared to go next to somebody else," Kimmy chided. "If you try to overcome your unrealistic fear, I'll start working on mine. Now we'll sit at the pit together, and afterwards I won't ask you to keep me company again when I'm scared over nothing.

Denise stood there silently for a moment. "Sounds good," she finally replied.

A pair of flashlights wandered through the grass until they zeroed in on the large pit the campers had prepared for nature's call. They both found secure footing around the edge, careful not to trip on the mounds of excavated topsoil, and prepared to hose down the exposed earth. The pieces of Kimmy's belt buckle rang out as they hit each other. Then came the sound of the zipper, then denim rubbing against flesh. She bent her knees a little once her jeans and panties were out of the line of fire.

Denise had nothing to remove. She just spread her legs, crouched down, and tried to get her water flowing. She felt a warm trickle on one of her ankles. Unfortunately, it had come from Kimmy. As if to show off, the other young woman was already making water and getting it on her paruretic friend.

"Do you need a seeing eye dog or something?" Denise growled.

"Oh, did that hit you?"

"Of course it hit me. You're quite impressive, really. I thought only boys were able to shoot that wide of the mark."

"I'll be careful," Kimmy said, as she squatted closer to the ground. She shined her light on her friend to know where not to aim her stream.

"You're not in position," she said with a frown.

Denise looked herself over for a moment, examining her squatting stance. "I've been using this position all my life. Do you know a better one?"

"We have to be exactly back to back so we'll know if anybody's coming from any direction, and we can escape before it's too late."

"Nobody's going to sneak up on us because there's nobody here but us."

"Here, I'll help you."

Denise stood up, waiting to be forcefully repositioned by a woman with no sense of personal space. Instead, she felt arms close around her. Kimmy was hugging her.

Denise was annoyed, but mainly confused. "Why?"

"Because you're my friend, and I love you, and I want you to be able to go without difficulty. This is so you know I'm your friend and you can go right next to me without being uncomfortable."

Denise hugged back. She was touched by Kimmy's sentiment, however stupid or maladroit.

"I don't know what it's like having a shy bladder," Kimmy continued. "I mean, you know me, I barely know the meaning of the word 'shy.' But it seems like it would be very unpleasant. I'd like to do whatever I can to help you have a pleasant piss."

"Thanks. I think this is helping. Maybe it's not, but I'm glad you care and you don't think I'm weird for not being able to go on demand. That means a lot to me."

Kimmy kept her arm around Denise and led her to her "lookout point." Then she playfully put her hands around the other girl's waist and pushed her downward into a squatting stance.

"Is this the right position?" Denise asked with a smile.

"A-plus posture," Kimmy answered. Then she moved to the opposite end of the latrine and assumed a mirror position. She didn't judge the distance well, and the two bodies collided at the center of the pit.

"Rump bump!" Kimmy said, and they both giggled.

"You're warm," Denise remarked.

"That's 'cause you're so cold."

"If I knew I'd be outside for this long I probably would've gotten dressed."

"You may be shy-bladdered, but you're pretty bold with your body. 'Course I'd be too if I had your figure."

"My figure? You're the one with the double-D breasts and matching buttocks."

"Yeah, and a whole lot of blubber in between," Kimmy added in her usual self-insulting way. "Your flashlight's on the ground," she observed.

"I know. I put it there."

"You're not keeping lookout."

"This is the last time I'm going to say this. Nobody is going to see you or me. We're completely alone. We could do anything out here and no one would ever know. Now please take care of your business quietly, and I'll try my best to take care of mine. The next sound I hear from you had better not be from your mouth."

Kimmy turned off her own flashlight, and turned on her stream a couple seconds later. It poured into the pit like water from a watering can onto freshly-packed garden soil. Denise thought about how pleasant it must be to be able to open up one's urethra so easily. But she was grateful for the darkness, because it helped her relax. But what helped more was the feeling that Kimmy was someone she didn't have to get away from. Soon, the sound of her own relief joined Kimmy's. Denise's posture and build made her stream point a little forward, and it sprayed the weeds at the edge of the pit.

The realization that she was voiding her bladder right next to another human being made her stop out of surprise. It was such a surreal thought for someone who couldn't even make her urine flow in a public restroom if anyone else was inside. She might as well be naked in class. Fortunately, her urinary system didn't freeze up completely. That was because the feeling of weirdness didn't make her cringe, but made her smile with the understanding that she was doing something new.

After a few moments, the splattering on her side of the pit resumed. She was even able to amp up her output, making a thick and forceful river through the air to soak the grass between her bent knees. This was the kind of satisfying torrent she could only put forth when there wasn't another soul for miles, but tonight she was doing it while her friend was so close their naked bottoms were almost touching.

Still, she was afraid she would lose her concentration if Kimmy tried to converse with her, and so she shuddered inwardly when the excitable girl mumbled something about sparkles.

"I think we dug up something weird," Kimmy then said in a louder voice clearly directed at Denise. "Look at..."

"Ignore it," Denise said. "It's nothing." This interruption to the peace and quiet wasn't enough to interrupt her excretion, amazingly.

Kimmy's stream abruptly stopped while at full power. Denise barely noticed. She was too busy enjoying the moment. It wasn't until her bladder felt delightfully empty and her hands were feeling around for the paper that she was struck by the absolute silence of her companion.

"I'm sorry I snapped at you," Denise said. There was no response. "Kimmy?"

She could just barely see the outline of the girl's body in the darkness. Something was wrong.

"Kimmy?" she said again, her voice more worried, as she reached over. She didn't feel a person.

"Kimmy?!?" Unsure of her sensation, she put both hands on the young woman's body and tried to shake her out of whatever she'd slipped into. The figure didn't budge. Her fingers felt something hard. It was smooth, but not like skin, and certainly not clothing. It was more like glass. Warm, like a window in the sunlight on a summer day, but totally lifeless.

Denise reached for her flashlight, but it was stuck. So was her hand.

Inside the museum, the young couple walked down the carpeted hallway toward the wall of glass and the parking lot beyond.

"You wanna come back next week?" the girl asked the boy. She gestured to a poster of an upcoming exhibit.

"A unique scientific curiosity," it proudly announced in giant block letters. Beneath was a photograph of multifaceted blue and violet crystals that formed the shapes of two young women anchored to a heaping cluster of small blue and green crystalline spires. One was nude except for the mineralized remnants of her footwear. She was bending over, her bottom thrust upward like a pair of jewel-encrusted Fabergé eggs smashed together, her arm ending where her hand merged with the top of an irregular cylinder embedded in the base.

The other woman-shaped collection of crystalline facets was adorned with a full set of clothes that merged with her body like both were a single material. Her hands were on her knees and her face looked upward, with an expression of elated relief permanently frozen into it. Her belt was undone, and the solid wrinkles of her pants were bunched up at the thighs, but the photograph was taken from an angle that missed showing her exposed parts, just as the other woman's nipples and other private details were out of sight. Someone who knew where to look could see just a little bit of the solid green stream that connected the woman's crotch to the nest of crystals below. Below the base were the details on when the strange artifact would be on display at this location.

After a brief glance, the boy answered. "What's the point? Everybody's already seen it."

