Dance Moms Desperation

Author: Guest Aaaaaa

*000*2015-06-09 02:42

Hey everyone, this was just a story that I figured would be pretty entertaining. I thought that someone would end up writing it at some point but nobody ever did. Comment what you think and let me know if you want to hear more.

###

Chapter One-

As the Abby Lee Dance Company's bus pulled into the hotel/convention center that was the place for this weekends competition. Abby had already bitched to them about how important it was that they win everything so that she wouldn't soil her name as a choreographer. The girls and their moms walked into their dressing room and set up their mirrors and makeup. Before they got dressed Abby made them do an extensive stretching warm up. After their makeup and costumes for their first dance had been applied, the room seemed a bit uncomfortably hot for a few of the girls so Paige, Chloe, Kendall, and Brooke resulted to drinking some water to stay hydrated. Their moms Melissa and Jill also began sipping water, while Christi and Kelly pursued the hotel's bar for a quick drink, as the girls had about forty-five minutes before their first dances.

[Dressing Room]

"Ok girls here is the schedule" Abby said,"Maddie first you have your solo then four after her is Brooke. Brooke you are the last solo so after that Paige, Chloe, and Kendall have your trio. Make sure that you all come back to the dressing room IMMEDIATELY following your dances because the group dance will begin shortly. Remember, this is the Abby Lee Dance Company, do NOT demolish the reputation that I have worked so hard to build! Remember, if this goes wrong, everyone is replaceable!"

[Bar]

"Dear God it feels SOOOO good to get away from Abby" said Christi as she sipped her second margarita.

"You don't have to preach to the choir on that one sista!" Kelly agreed as she swapped out her margarita for an Old Fashioned.

"Honestly though I don't want to her too hammered during the recital, could I get a big glass of club soda please?" Asked Christi.

"Make that two!" Kelly chimed in.

"We better head back though Kel, the last thing we want is Abby riding our ass about, 'not taking our daughter's futures as dancers seriously'".

" Yeah your right, let's get going."

As the two topped off the half empty cups of club soda they walked back to the dressing room to face the wrath of Abby.

[Dressing Room]

"Hey Holly could you pass me a bow and a water bottle please?" Asked Melissa

"Sure thing girl" said Holly as she passed both to Melissa while she did Maddie's hair.

"Holls sorry to bug you but could you pass me two water for me and Kendall"

"Any other ridiculous requests?" Holly joked as she tossed them two bottles of water.

The moms frantically tried to finish the girl's costumes while they sipped on some water while the girls did too.

[Backstage(Maddie)]

As Maddie, Kendall, Brooke, Chloe, and Paige walked backstage, they all became very nervous that they would mess up. As Maddie was the first to go on stage, she was the most nervous because she felt that she had to set an example. She had drank a coke before she went on to give her some energy, however it had made its way into her bladder, and she had to pee pretty badly. She was a bit squirmy and was worried that it would effect her dancing. The skin-tight spandex costume that she wore cinched her bladder a bit. When she looked down, she noticed a slight cameltoe to her horror. She also noticed her bladder starting to poke out. She really did have to pee at this point, and the only dance that she wanted to do now was the potty dance.

When Maddie was the next to dance, she leaned against the wall and double crossed her legs. When she thought that nobody else was looking, she gave her crotch a quick squeeze.

"Next to the stage, Maddie Ziegler!" The announcer announced.

Maddie walked onto the stage pressing her legs close together and clamped together her vaginal muscles as tightly as possible. While she jumped around to her music she felt her bladder jolt around. It hurt her so bad, she took every opportunity to cross her legs that she had. At one point when she dropped out of a pirouette, she gave her crotch a two second squeeze. When that dance finally ended, she left the stage as fast as possible, desperately searching for a ladies room. She couldn't move too quickly, because the motion would cause her to completely lose control. When she finally made it into the restroom, she was opening the stall with one hand and holding her crotch with the other. She realized that she would be unable to take off her whole costume, so she just slid the part that covered her crotch away and let a huge gusher out into the toilet. With the feeling of sweet relief rushing over her, she made her way back to the dressing room to prepare for the next dance.

###

Well that's the first part! I'm planning on writing a chapter about Kelly, Brooke, Paige, Kendall, Jill, Christi, and Chloe plus a whole group desperation during the group dance with mom desperation as well. Please comment if you want the story to continue or if you want it to stop. Be honest.

*002*2015-06-15 04:29

Okey dokey here is the next chapter. As always feel free to tell me what you think.

Melissa took her seat in the auditorium. She was in the middle of the moms. Abby and Holly were closest to the isle, Jill and her were in the middle, and Christi and Kelly were on the other end. Melissa didn't like to admit it but she was much more impressed with what Maddie had accomplished as a dancer then Mackenzie. She was happy that Mackenzie had proved that she could win dances, but she always seemed to forget them. She was relieved that only Maddie was dancing the solo today. It seemed like the day was just dragging on and on and she felt so tired. She, like Maddie, had had a good sized coke before she came to watch Maddie dance.

Unlike Maddie however, she had given birth to two children, so her bladder was not as strong as it once was. By the time that she made it to the auditorium with four dances do go before Maddie's, her level of pee desperation was a five on a scale of one to ten. It was a manageable level of desperation, but it was by no means welcome. If she had been driving and had to go this bad she would have definitely found a rest stop to pee or maybe even gone in a bush or on the side of the road. The bottom line was, it would be a while before she would be able to use the bathroom, and she had to go. Badly

"This is NOT good!" Melissa said to herself,"It'l be at least 15 minutes until I can leave! Maybe more! What if I wet myself! That would be SO humiliating!"

Melissa knew all to well that Christi and Kelly would love to tease her if she wet herself. It would be something the would never live down. She contemplated grading her crotch because it would surely ease the tension that she was feeling. But she knew that that wasn't an option because she was in a fairly tight dress and putting a hand up there would expose the thong that she was wearing that she really didn't want anyone to see. She resulted to crossing her legs tightly as the next girl started her dance. It tightened her bladder at first, but it seemed to help overall.

"Ok Melissa just three and a half more dances until Maddie is done, you can hold it. You HAVE to hold it."

But she was having her doubts. Her level of desperation had grown from a five to a six, and sitting down while wearing a tight dress certainly didn't help. Then she got an idea of how she could use the tightness of her dress to help her hold it. If she sat on her hands, she could stick a finger up her pee hole because the dress gripped her ass so tightly. Then, if someone asked her about it, she could just say the dress felt too tight. The plan worked fairly well.

As the next girl went on stage with only about ten minutes left of holding it, a spasm hit Melissa's bladder and she felt a spurt dampen her thong. She was forced to grabber crotch for about ten seconds to keep herself from bursting. She didn't think that anyone noticed but she did notice Chrirsti and Kelly giggling, but she thought that it might just be because they had been drinking. As the next dancer took the stage, Melissa's desperation had grown to a seven, and she had a look of sheer agony on her face. This did not go unnoticed by Jill.

"Are you ok Melissa, you look like you're in real pain?" Jill asked her

" Yeah I'm fine" she lied, " This dress just is really tight on me from the waist down. It just isn't very comfortable." Which was the absolute truth.

" Ok I gotcha" Jill said, although she had a look on her face that made Melissa think that she knew that something was up.

She decided to move past the whole Jill situation and focus on holding it in. She was moving around quite a bit in her seat. The girl before Maddie took the stage.

" Ok Melissa, just five more minutes, then you can run to the bathroom. All you have to do is clamp your puss shut and cross your legs as tight as this stupid dress." She said to herself.

She was feeling ok as the girl was halfway through her dance but then realized that her predicament was not unnoticed by the rest of her group. She turned her head to Christi and Kelly, and saw that they were totally mocking her! They must have known that she had to pee because they seemed to be doing drunken imitations of her. Kelly was squirming around and bouncing up and down in her seat while Christi was sillily crossing her legs and pushing down on her crotch. Melissa decided that one of two things was happening, either they both were making fun of her, or they both really had to pee from their alcohol. Because the kept laughing and whispering to each other, Melissa figured it was probably the first guess. However, she felt that it would be nice if she wasn't the only one bursting for a pee.

Maddie took the stage and at this point Melissa couldn't even focus on watching the dance. She was bent over, legs crossed, and had a hand rammed into her pussy from under her butt. She knew that the really didn't have much time left before she absolutely lost it. Maddie finally finished her dance and Melissa excused herself saying that she had to get Maddie's next costume ready. As she got into the hall, she looked around and noticed that nobody was there. She looked for a restroom sign and saw that they were just around. A corner and down a hall. When she was sure that nobody was going to see her, she grabbed her swelling and now slightly damp pussy with her two hand and ran to the bathroom.

Because she was holding herself, her butt was fully exposed because she was pushing up her short, tight dress. She really hated the dress at this point and was going to burn it once she got home. When she got into the bathroom and saw that nobody was inside, she got into the first stall and tried to get her zipper to her dress undone. This was nearly impossible, because one hand wouldn't reach around her back and the other couldn't get over her plump breasts that looked even bigger because of her push-up bra. She had really picked the wrong clothes to wear when desperate to pee.

She decided to just pull down the thing and try to aim her stream of pee away from the sides of her dress. She held her cleanly shaved vagina that was literally quivering in desperation and pulled down her thing with another. When her panties hit the floor, she opened the flood gates to a massive gusher of pee. It felt absolutely amazing and she couldn't believe that she made it. She let out so much pee that she felt like she lost ten pounds. As she pulled her thong back up and began to walk back to the dressing room, she really hoped that Christi and Kelly did have to pee because now that she made it, she had nothing on them.

Then as she walked back into the dressing room and greeted her girls, she got a wild idea that would be so mean but so perfect. She walked over to Christi and Kelly's water bottles and dropped in two dissovable painkillers that had a diuretic ingredient in them that she kept in her purse in each bottle. She thought that it would be absolutely hilarious revenge for all of those times she had been accused of kissing Abby's ass. Then she realized that Jill had done so too, so she dropped two pills into Jill's bottle of water as well. Fortunately, her girls didn't notice. She began to style Maddie's hair, and just thought about how as soon as they took a sip, Jill, Kelly, and Christi would all be bursting at their seams. This was going to be perfect.

To be continued...

Ok that's the chapter. In case you were wondering, yes Christi and Kelly do have to pee. I'm thinking I'll write the next chapter about Brooke, then Kelly and Christi, then the trio, then the whole group having to pee which would include Kelly, Christi, Jill, Brooke, Paige, Kendall, and Chloe. If you want it in a different order or have any other ideas feel free to comment them.

*008*2021-07-22 01:27

Disclaimer: The preceding story and its characters are all entirely fictional and do not depict any actual events. All characters mentioned in the story are at least 27 years old or older at the time of writing.

