The Sphere - Page 9

Author: SashaButters

*201*2016-02-21 18:27

{{: 

The fear detector: how Sasha, Crystal and the other guy whose name i don't remember fight their deepest fear in order to get accepted. It's fairly long, it has suspense, humor (because MLP), and helps develop Becca/Sasha's character. I think that's the perfect one.

You can also go full troll and do the part where she meets supposedly-dead Brian in the Sphere. "I shoved a kunai up my butt and now it hurts".

}}

Yeah, I'm stuck between three, either the fear test, or when she goes into the pod and gets cavity searched when she gets there or first full dive. No matter what I pick, I'm tempted to name the chapter "I shoved a kuni up my butt and now it hurts" haha XD

*204*2016-02-23 03:44

{{: 

"I shoved a kunai up my butt and now it hurts", huh? Sounds like the name of an interesting autobiography.

}}

I'd buy that.

*206*2016-02-24 04:02

Alright guys! Here it is! The big reveal...

“Ma’am, you asked me to give you a report once 1856 finished the first round of testing.”

“And?” Director Aspen said.

“Subject 1856 answered incorrectly to almost all the questions.”

“Almost?”

“On the first day of testing, 1856 got a perfect score about 1857’s illness.”

“Did 1857 give the answers to 1856?”

“No, ma’am, we’ve gone over the recordings. 1857 never discussed her history until the next day.”

“And what of the mid week experiment?”

“It was a success. 1856 reacted strongly to Hope, when given even the slightest stimuli, a panic attack ensued. We were able to bottle several vials of Fear as a result. Sacrio is pleased and said they are writing a new contract as we speak.”

“Excellent.” Said Director Aspen.

“Ma’am, if you don’t mind me asking, do you think it was wise to give 1857 access to their Sphere menu? 1856 has already become suspicious, and their link is only growing stronger everyday.”

“I want to see how this plays out. They’ll learn the truth eventually. I want to see the how and why.”

###

Sasha let out an audible groan as she attempted to move her wobbling legs one baby step at a time. Sweat poured down her face, but she couldn’t lift arms to wipe it away. Her knees wanted to buckle and collapse, but if she fell; she’d never be able to get back up. Some of the other cadets were already laying face first on the padded floor, their bodies having given up on them long ago. Her breath came out in ragged gasps. Just a little further. The manipulated gravitational force from her belt was pulling her down towards that beautiful, and comfy looking padded floor. It was all she could do to stand.

Sasha looked to her left to see Crystal beside her, red faced and struggling just as much as she was. The two of them seemed equally matched despite their different sizes. Sasha couldn’t imagine what Crystal’s larger jump suit must feel like to her. Her own smaller suit felt like lead pressing down into her shoulders, but she supposed given Crystal’s size, it wouldn’t feel any worse than Sasha’s did to her. She thought of this, and other random things. Anything she could to distract herself. The wall was so close now, if she could just get her legs to co-operate with her. She groaned again. Her legs were giving out on her. No! She just needed to touch the wall. Crap! She was falling! The wall was so close, if she could just... Barkley never said she had to touch it with her hand. She straitened her body as she fell so that the top of her head hit the wall. It hurt like hell, but Barkley’s disinterested comment of, “I guess that counts,” made it all worth it.

Sasha gasped as she fought to control her breathing. Every muscle in her body shook. She felt her belt turn off and gravity return to normal, but she didn’t move from her place on the floor. Nobody did. Crystal collapsed on the floor next to her soon after. “We did it!” She said, as they both lay there sucking in lungful’s of air.

“I can’t feel my legs. Duck this hurts!” Sasha said. She frowned at the realization of what she just said. Crystal rolled over to look at her. “Duck! No, duck! Arghh!”

“Uh, goose?” said Crystal. She moaned as she sat back up and ever so slowly stood back onto her feet. She reached out her hand to Sasha, who took it and pulled herself up.

“Mother forker!” said Sasha. “What the bell?” Crystal grinned as she watched the confused and frustrated scowl spread across Sasha’s face. “It’s auto-correcting me! This forking piece of shift is auto-correcting me!” Seriously? What was going on? The system thought she was underage! You couldn’t swear in the Sphere if you were under the age of 16; it would automatically filter the words as they left your mouth. Which is precisely what seemed to be happening.

“Watch your tongue there, sailor.” Said Crystal with a smirk.

“Fork! Shift! Bell! Witch! Mother trucker!” Sasha groaned. She couldn’t even swear anymore. “Why,” was all she managed to get out of her mouth. Crystal shot her a sympathetic smile. Crystal knew what was happening. The system no longer saw her as an adult. Even the Sphere recognized her regression.

“C’mon, potty mouth, let’s get some lunch. I hear they’re serving bacon cheeseburgers.”

“Bacon? Truck yes!” They giggled as they inched their way towards the mess hall. Their legs wobbled from exertion. They even had to hold to the walls a few times to steady themselves, but they made it to the cafeteria. Only a few of them had managed to make it across the room so the passing cadets were few and far between.

When they sat across from each other with their trays, Sasha turned her head in each direction to make sure the coast was clear. “Hey, Crystal, I’ve been thinking.”

Crystal looked up from her food to find Sasha staring at her instead of wolfing down her food like usual. “You said you only have memories of virtual reality, right?” Crystal pursed her lips, but nodded. Nothing good could come from this conversation. “What if it’s because you only exist in virtual reality?” Crystal wanted to groan and beg her not to take this conversation down that route, but she decided to hear her out.

“What makes you think that?”

“There are certain…similarities I can’t help but notice. For instance, you looking at porn.” Crystal dropped her hamburger and looked away as she muttered under her breath. They had had a mandatory sex education assembly, thanks to Crystal, followed by the threat of getting thrown into the fear chamber if anyone else was caught.

“What does that have to do with anything?” Crystal mumbled. Her face flushed at the mention of it.

“What were you looking at?’

“Oh my god, I’m not telling you what I was looking at.”

“Why not? I won’t tell anyone.” Sasha said, trying to mask her hunch with morbid curiosity. “Was it girl on robot? Boy on robot? Robot on robot?” She smirked. Even if she couldn’t get the truth out of her, watching Crystal get this flustered was already worth it.

“Robot on robot.” Crystal mumbled.

“Kinky- or it would have been had I not made that up. You weren’t looking at porn. What were you looking at?” The look on Crystal’s face let her know she had her. “Look, whatever, don’t answer. You did just strengthen my theory though.”

“And what theory would that be?”

“I have two theory’s actually; you’re either my brother, or my brother made you.” Sasha frowned when she saw the deep scowl spread across Crystal’s face. She seemed angry almost. Her fist clenched the paper cup in her hand. Sasha searched her face for some kind of sign. She relaxed once Crystal let out her held breath.

“I’m not your brother, Sasha. Why would you even think that?”

“You look out for me.”

“So? I do one thing for you an-“

“Not a single person gives a flying duck about me, but you- you’re different. You treat me just like he does. You want to know why I know you weren’t looking at porn? Because he taught me that trick. When you’re about to get caught looking at something you aren’t supposed to, switch to something else you’re not supposed to look at that’s not quite as bad as the first to throw off suspicion. Why would you know to do that if you weren’t him? Why do you give a rat’s bass about me?”

“I don’t know; the idea just jumped into my head.”

“So what were you looking at?”

“Your medical records. I went back to sickbay while you were asleep. I didn’t believe the doctor.” Crystal admitted with a sigh. She stared at her hamburger instead of at Sasha.

“The water, was it-“

“Yes, they gave you something to induce a panic attack.” So many thoughts buzzed around Sasha’s head. Why would they do that? Crystal worked for these people; she knew the truth, she was sure of it! Sasha opened her mouth to speak, but Crystal shook her head. Crystal pointed to her own eyes, and then twirled her finger in the air like a lasso. Sasha understood. They were watching. “Tomorrow’s a free day. I know a place we can go in town.” Sasha bit her lip. This was it. She was going to get answers.

“You never answered my other question.” They remained quiet for a while. Crystal ate in silence as she contemplated how to answer.

“Because you remind me that I’m human.”

###

Sasha felt utterly ridiculous walking around town in her navy blue cadet jumper. This was the classiest place she had ever seen; even in virtual reality. It was no surprise really, since the only place they could go while the drug was in their system was with other people with the drug in their system. And the only people that had the drug in their system were the people at the S.P.P or the filthy rich. Here she stood now, sticking out like a sore thumb in a place where poor and simple Sasha had no place being—and everyone knew it.

Sasha stared up at the building Crystal had taken her to in stunned silence. Crystal was Brian in disguise; she just had to be. There was no way in hell this was a coincidence!

“Don’t look at me like that; it’s the only place in town with private rooms.” Crystal said. Sasha shrugged; it was the only thing she could think of to do. Crystal offered her her hand, and smiled. “Shall we?”

“Are you going to buy me dinner too?” Sasha asked as they strode in to the love hotel hand in hand. “You realize you look like a pedophile right now, right?”

“Shut up and let me handle this.” Crystal said. Sasha’s jaw dropped as they walked inside. She had never seen such a fancy place before. Glass chandeliers hung from the high ceilings and expensive looking furniture dotted the lobby. What amazed her was the fact that this was just a hook up hotel- not a traveler’s hotel or somewhere you went on vacation. Even when she turned on Sphere Vision the place was spotless. She frowned as they approached the counter. How could she afford to rent a room here? She couldn’t even afford to tip the doorman!

“Uh, miss, you can’t bring children in here.” An attendant said stopping the two in their tracks. Sasha scowled as she looked up at Crystal. They didn’t look like lovers- they looked like a mom taking their kid to daycare. Sasha sighed and stuck out her wrist. He seemed confused for a moment, before understanding the gesture. He swiped the palm of his glowing red hand over her chip. “I’m terribly sorry about the misunderstanding. Please enjoy your stay.” Crystal smirked in amusement as Sasha grumbled under her breath.

“Crystal, so nice to see you again.” The lady working the front desk said. Sasha looked from the clerk at the counter to Crystal. “Would you like your usual?” Now it was Crystal’s turn to be flustered.

“N-no, no thank you. I’d just like to rent a room for an hour.” Sasha raised her eyebrows as they stood in the elevator. “What?”

“The usual?” Maybe she was looking at porn after all. “You, uh, take many girls here?”

“It’s not like that!”

“I thought we had something special!” Crystal rolled her eyes.

“There’s more here to do than just hook up with people. They have the same technology as the SPP, except instead of projecting your deepest fear; it projects your deepest desire- and no, not sexual desires.”

“Sounds expensive.”

“I have connections.”

###

Three Nights Ago

Crystal was almost dumbfounded that she had gotten the director to let her use her Sphere settings again. She was sure the doctor had sent a message to her notifying her of what Crystal had just been up to. Crystal had been prepping her speech all day to give to the director during her nightly status reports. She had expected punishment; instead she got an uninterested, “sure.” Now she lay in bed watching the robot’s surveillance video over and over.

She tried to pinpoint the exact moment Sasha lost it. It was somewhere between her drinking the water and when she made a run for it. Was it because she was being treated like a kid? No, that wasn’t it. She could practically see Sasha’s amusement with the silly straw. She touched the projected image in front of her to scroll through the video. It was somewhere around…there! There was something about the way Sasha’s face changed, but what caused it? And what the hell was Sacrio Psychiatric Pharmacology? Was that why Sasha thought this place was an asylum? Was it because it had the same initials as the Sphere Protection Program?

Crystal closed the video and typed Sacrio Psychiatric Pharmacology into her web browser. She flicked through her search results until she came upon an article about them going out of business ten years ago, but it didn’t say why. She opened another and another, but there was next to nothing useful. She almost exited out until she saw something. She clicked on it. Her eyes widened as she took in the information. Sacrio Psychiatric Pharmacology held the patent for the drug that slows time. Why did everyone refer to it as the drug? Why didn’t it have a name? The fake one had a name. There were rumors to this day that during the early drug trials there was an incident. All Crystal knew was that lots of people died, but she didn’t know how.

Her web search wasn’t taking her anywhere, but there were still plenty of files she had swiped from the doctors’ terminal. She searched for the name inside her head. She hadn’t expected so many results. She brought the files up and projected them out as she searched through them.

Sacrio was their major funder. Why? Why would a pharmaceutical company fund a project to cure mental illnesses? They make money off of people being ill, so why? She went through file after file. Her fists clenched in anger at every new piece of information she learned. She couldn’t believe what she was reading. Lies! They weren’t just lying to the cadets; they had lied to her as well! She wanted to scream. Here she had been telling Sasha this whole time not to believe everything she had been told; yet here she was working for these…these…monsters! She couldn’t even call them people. Sasha… Crystal had to know the truth. She brought up Sasha’s file. There was so much more information than what had been given to her. It mentioned her brother. She opened that file too. Crystal wanted to scream.

“Oh, Sasha. I’m so sorry.” She mumbled. Sacrio had him killed, and Crystal had been sent in to get his research so they could destroy it. Her chest hurt. What was this? Guilt? Anger? Sadness? Fear? She laughed bitterly. It was everything they wanted. That’s why they had let her discover this. They wanted her to feel these things so they could harvest them. That’s why Barkley was used to induce anxiety. That’s why they went through physical conditioning from hell. That’s why they made Sasha have a panic attack. Anxiety. Frustration. Pain. Fear. Loneliness. Anger. They were the active ingredients in in their behavior modification drugs. And we are their guina pigs trapped in a cage.

She thought back to the fear test. They had given her something to drink before hand. Had they given her someone’s fear so she would be immune to it? They made sure she got in, but why? At first she thought it was because she worked for them, but no, if they were harvesting her emotions too she was in no better a predicament than the others. She was one of them after all. What else had they been keeping from her? Her identity. Did they know who she was?

With trembling hands she entered herself into the search. Crystal- subject 1857. She scrolled through the information and gasped. Her name. There it was! But that couldn’t be! It was impossible! She looked at her user. She brought the other picture and compared them side-by-side. It was impossible! But it was true! That’s why Sasha was so important. No-not Sasha, but Becca. Becca had done the impossible. And they were going to torture her until she died. None of them were safe.

###

“Woah!” Sasha said. She stood in front of the immaculate room- even in Sphere vision. The king sized bed, the furniture, an anti gravity controller! She squealed as she ran towards it. She had always wanted to try being in zero gravity.

“Don’t touch.” Crystal said. Sasha frowned before hopping onto the bed. She grinned as she pulled the corner of her shirt down.

“Please be gentle; it’s my first time.” Crystal didn’t even smile. What was with her? She had been acting rather odd these last few days. “Crystal? What’s wrong? You’re shaking.” She stared at her with a worried expression. Tears were spilling down Crystal’s face. Sasha had only ever seen her cry once.

“I brought you here to tell you the truth.” Crystal said. Sasha patted the edge of the bed so Crystal could sit down. Whatever it was Crystal had to say it wasn’t good news.

“It’s about the school, isn’t it? It’s not a school, is it?”

Crystal shook her head and buried her face in her hands. “I’m so sorry!” Those were the words she kept hearing over and over the last week. Was it Crystal’s voice she had been hearing, but how? “I didn’t know! I swear I didn’t know what they were doing!” Crystal looked up at her. “You have to find a way to get out! All of you! You’re not safe!”

“Wh-what?”

“I thought this was just research! They told me it was research!”

“Research? Researching what?” Sasha asked. She had a feeling, but she was afraid to know. No, she had to know!

“Mental illnesses! They told me they were researching mental illnesses, and when it was over, you’d be told the truth and paid off enough to live comfortably and keep silent. It was a lie! The reason nobody knows the truth of the SPP is because they all die! They torture them to harvest their emotions to make medications. Your brothers research was destroyed; there is no Euphoria floating around.”

“B-but…what’s killing people inside virtual reality if not the fake drug?”

“All the people that have died were former SPP candidates. They spread the rumor of a fake to cover their tracks. Your brother was a scape goat.” Crystal said. Sasha sprung off the bed.

“That’s great! I mean that’s terrible, but my brother can come out of hiding now! He can-“ She stopped mid sentence as Crystal shook her head. “Brian, he’s…”

“I’m sorry. He’s dead, Sasha. He’s been dead this whole time.”

“The messages, the visit! We met up, we…we…” Sasha’s eyes were watering. She tried to think of something. Anything!

“Those messages came from me. I didn’t know he was dead. My job was to get you to give me his research.” Sasha backed up and covered her mouth with her hands. She tripped and fell to the ground and broke down in gut wrenching sobs. “You-You killed him! YOU KILLED HIM!”

“NO! I didn’t! I didn’t know! I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!” Crystal said. She reached out and rested her palm on Sasha’s back, but Sasha shrugged it off, so she let Sasha cry in a ball on the floor.

“So if your not my brother; then who are you?” Sasha asked once she could cry no more.

“My name is-“ Crystal tried to say but froze. Sasha rolled over and looked at her. “My name is-“

“Say it! Who are you?”

“My name is… Becca Strokes.”

*208*2016-02-24 05:25

{{: 

Holy shift. Holy shift. Truck. Truck. Truck. Hol-y SHIFT.

So, before i rebuild the universe to destroy it again wih my reaction, i just have to say- SPP: actually Monsters, inc.?

Also.

*noises of universe repeating the same process as last time*

}}

I see what you did there haha :D

Hadn't thought of it that way, but I guess it is kind of like Monsters Inc.

*212*2016-02-26 05:56

{{: 

Come on, Jeff, dont take it so seriously.

}}

But those were the exact emotions I wanted to give off. A government program is torturing and killing people for money.

*214*2016-02-26 08:43

{{: 

OMG I need to know what is going on. Is Crystal just a split personality of Becca? ... Or did the "SPP" create an AI from Becca's brain to try and recreate her.

}}

Working on the next chapter as we speak :)

*215*2016-02-27 08:33

Sasha narrowed her eyes. “That’s not funny.” Crystal shook her head and stared off into the distance for a moment.

“I didn’t believe it either when I first saw it. I managed to grab the files of the Doctors computer before he caught me. Your file was different than the one they had given me. I had only ever seen a small fraction of Sasha’s; they never gave me Becca’s. Your brother didn’t create me- you did.”

“That’s not possible! I’m Becca!” Sasha said.

“It shouldn’t be, should it? But if you think about it, it makes sense. I couldn’t figure out why you were so important to them, or to me, until now. You wanted to know why I gave a rat’s ass about you? Because we are the same person.”

“I don’t understand. Who are you? A clone or something?”

“You saw something 13 years ago that traumatized you so much your consciousness split. No one knew because it only splits when you go into virtual reality, or at least that’s what I first suspected. I only partially existed for 13 years until a few months ago. “

Sasha stared with wide blue eyes locked on, waiting for the ‘just kidding’, but it never came. It didn’t make sense! There couldn’t be two Becca’s.

“You see, the night your brother died was the last straw. It split the rest of the way. I thought you were only regressing since you went into a full dive, but that wasn’t the case. The regression started the day I began to exist full time, not just when you went into virtual reality.”

“What are you talking about? What regression?”

“Haven’t you noticed things have been different? Even before you came here? You get frustrated easier. You’re impatient, you wont take your medication, and you don’t take care of yourself- at least that’s what your file says. I hear being a teenager is hard; you’re not an adult, but you’re not a child anymore. So your consciousness split into two parts: your child side and your adult side. I’m your adult half.”

“Please stop.” Sasha said. This was too much! She was lying! She had to be! Everyone knew you couldn’t have two avatars at once!

“Think about it. Why are you so attached to me? Why do you cling to me like a child looking for attention? Why do you hear voices? We share a link. It took me a while to remember, but I heard you in the fear simulator when that spider trapped me. You told me where to shoot.”

“STOP IT! SHUT UP! I’M NOT A CHILD!”

“No, not yet. I’d guess you’re about 11 right now.”

“Fine, so I’m immature. So what?” Sasha said. She stood up from the floor and tried to glare, but she knew she looked like a little girl about to throw a tantrum. Her chest hurt from trying to fight back the tears. They burned in her eyes. She didn’t want to look even younger and pathetic. So she tried to laugh, but all that came out were strangled choking sounds. “Why?”

“Guilt.” Crystal said with a shrug. The word pierced through Sasha’s chest like an arrow. She whimpered as the memories flooded back. She had fought for the gun and it went off. It was all her- “It wasn’t your fault.” Crystal said. “It’s not just words, but emotions we share as well. Like I said, we share a link.”

“But you- I-we- we did that to him!” Sasha said. She couldn’t hold it back anymore. Her legs wobbled before they gave out, and she sank to the floor. The lump in her throat kept the air at bay as she clawed at her neck. The one-piece jumper felt too constricting to her. She coughed and gagged as she tried to pull the zipper down and get out of it.

“It’s not your fault, Sasha. Breathe!” Crystal said. She squatted down next to her. Crystal could feel her heart rate increasing as well. If she couldn’t get Sasha’s emotions under control she’d be in the same boat soon.

“I c-c-can’t!” Sasha said. She had killed him. It was her fault! It should have been her that had died that night, not him! She was nothing!

She had put every hope and dream into this place- that somehow this place could change her- so she wouldn’t be the reason her mom hadn’t gotten sleep all those nights because she had to wake her from her nightmares and calm her down. What kind of pathetic human being is afraid of cartoon characters? And now her dreams were shattered. It was worse than she had feared; she was worse than she had feared. She wasn’t just off- she was full on bat shit crazy. How could she put into words how much it hurt?

“You don’t have too, Sash. I feel it too.” Crystal whispered. “It’s like someone’s sitting on my chest. It hurts to breathe.” She nodded her head.

“I want to see him.” Sasha choked out through her sobs. “I want to see him. Can you? Please?”

“You know it wouldn’t really be him, right?”

“I know, I just, want to say goodbye. Please.” Sasha begged. “You gave me false hope! You lied to me! Just let me have this moment, please.”

She heard Crystal stand up and walk towards the bathroom. A sharp pang of loneness shot through her. She hadn’t wanted her to leave. It really did feel like half of her was gone. She didn’t want to believe her. She wanted to believe she was lying again, but when she was alone it felt like a piece of her was missing. This probably wasn’t quite what they imagined when they came up with the phrase soul mate. She couldn’t help but wonder if that’s what happened. If the pony massacre had split her consciousness, had loosing Brian split her soul? Had her desire for her older sibling created the bond that she and Crystal now shared? Had she given her a piece of her soul so she could feel looked after and loved? How pathetic was she? Couldn’t have her big brother anymore, so she just went and made a replacement.

“Becca,” a male voice said. Not just any voice, but his voice. Her head shot up. There he was, standing in the doorway of the bathroom, wearing his usual T-shirt and jeans. She whimpered and held out her arms from her place on the floor. Brian smirked as he approached. He knelt down next to her in front of the bed as she threw her arms around him. Her hands grabbed fistfuls of his shirt as she bawled into his chest. Large arms wrapped around her and rocked her back and forth. “It wasn’t your fault.” He whispered over and over again.

“It was my fault! I made the gun go off!”

“It was an accident, Becca.”

“It should have been me!”

“No, Becca!” He said. He grabbed her shoulders and pushed her forward so that they were looking face to face. “Live! You’re alive for a reason! Be the hero you wanted to be. Just because this isn’t the program you dreamed of, doesn’t mean you still can’t make a difference. You wanted to protect the Sphere, here’s your chance.”

“I-I-I can’t! There’s something wrong with me! I’m crazy, Brian. Crazy people are the villains, not the hero’s.”

“Just because you’re crazy, doesn’t mean you can’t be the hero.” He whispered, pulling her back in.

“I miss… you… so… much.” She cried, burying her face into his arms.

“I know, but it’ll be okay. Shh.” He held the back of her head as she hiccupped and gasped for air. “You’ll be okay.” He held her in his arms until the constant sobs became sniffles and her erratic gasps calmed into deep even breaths. “It’s time.”

“No, don’t leave me. I’m not ready!” Sasha pleaded looking up at his tear-streaked face.

“Live your life, Becca. You don’t need me to look out for you anymore.”

“Yes, I do! Don’t go! Please don’t go!”

“It’s time to say good-bye.” He whispered.

“I love you, Brian.” She managed to choke out.

“I love you too, Becca.” He said kissing the top of her head. “You can do this.” She croaked out a final good-by before he smiled and disappeared back into the bathroom and shut the door. She curled back into her ball on the floor, surprised that she still had the energy to cry. She heard the bathroom door open again, and a smaller figure approached and kneeled down.

“Thank you.” Sasha mumbled from her ball on the floor. She felt a pair of arms help her up and guide her onto the bed.

“You can rest for a bit until we have to go back. I’ll request more time.” Crystal said. She saw her walk towards the door and panicked.

“Please, stay with me.” Sasha blurted out. Crystal had already seen her at her lowest, there was no point in trying to hide. Crystal was right. Things had been going downhill ever since that night. She was not the same as she was before. She was weaker, and more sensitive, and she hated it-except for now. For now, she didn’t care if she looked like complete mess unable to care for herself. This loneness was too much to bear alone. Her childish nature screamed for the comfort of another’s touch. She wanted to be held and talked to. Her heart ached at the thought of her mother. How long had she been gone for in reality? An afternoon? And yet here she was, lying in a bed crying for her parents. Crying for her brother. Crying for her. Crying. When would she ever stop crying and grow up?

She felt Crystal lie next to her on the bed and wrap her arms around her chest. “You can cry; it’s ok.” Crystal seemed to do and say the precise things she wanted to hear. The pain was slowly ebbing away bit by bit. The aching hole in her chest was filling. It was true. They were the same person. She could feel it deep down inside. With every beat of their heart, they felt more complete. She became more sure with every second that went by, it was her other half she had been searching for all along. A non-romantic love- a total acceptance of the other-both adult and child- they were what made Becca. In forgiving Crystal, could she let go of the guilt that plagued her? Somehow, they’d find a way to become one person again, but she’d worry about that later. For now, she wanted to relax in this tranquility she had found. She snuggled up closer to Crystal and closed her heavy eyes-lids.

“Goodnight, big sister. And thank you.”

“Good night.” Crystal whispered, looking down at the girl in her arms. She was getting younger by the day. Whatever had caused their split was about to rear its ugly head- and soon.

*219*2016-02-27 19:23

{{: 

"Stay with me"

[both]

Who are we? Who are we?

Such a twisted reality

[sasha]

For all those times when I was too weak, oh, please, Crystal, stay with me.

[Crystal]

We are nothing but our fates.

It's all crumbling and it breaks.

[both]

Who are we? Who are we?

Just some pawns to the SPP.

[Crystal] Hate, fear, anger, that's their wish.

[sasha] If you're with me, I don't give a shift!

[both]

Who are we? Who are we?

Just a shade of what could be.

[sasha]

It's my fault. Don't you see?

I could've changed it; I killed him.

[both] Who are we? Who are we?

[Crystal] What I feel is that you're me.

[sasha] Please, Crystal, stay with me.

[sasha falls asleep]

[Crystal] Who are we? Who are we?

No good end can come of this.

Even grown-ups can be weak, so, please, Sasha, stay with me.

}}

Wow, thank you. That was amazing XD I showed my mom at breakfast and she was like woah! That was so good!

*221*2016-02-27 20:40

{{: 

I just needed to discharge all the feelings somehow, after such an emotional and well-executed chapter. Sasha's "please stay with me" was particularly moving, so... yeah.

Glad you like it!

}}

Thanks XD can't say anyone's put that much thought into my writing before. You guys make me so happy with your encouraging comments, despite this story doesn't really have what people come here for.

