(Interactive) USS GERALD R FORD CLASS CARRIER OPS

Author: DespLover9021

*000*2016-01-11 08:08

{{:

This may be an interactive story but it will include a lot of navy terms and a lot of description of daily carrier ops (mostly flight deck ops)

}}

Location: Norfolk, Virginia

Time: 6:00:00 am

As the early morning rises over Norfolk, Virginia we can see towards the edge of Norfolk what looks to be a port but morr specifically a Naval Base as it turns out to be. On the base that we can see it looks to have several dry and wet docks for ships to get repairs and deploy out from for deployment circles. The newest carrier in the US Navy arsenal is the USS Gerald R Ford class aircraft carrier and today she is being deployed out for her first mission and will hold a variety of Strike Fighter Squadrons from the US Navys Strike Fighter Wing Atlantic (SFWL) including but not limited to: VFA-21, VFA-20, VFA-103, Etc. Their mission as part of the ongoing fight against the terror group known as ISIS.

As the ship is prepared for its maiden voyage, Sailors start to arrive to the ship dock from which the ford class will be deploying from and are directed to stand in formation and wait for the all clear to head on board the ship by the Command Master Chief Petty Officer (CMC). A few of the female Sailors have a little bit of a need to pee already due to them having to arrive so early to the port for deployment.

One female in particular (unnamed at the moment) is also feeling the need and also a seaman basic (dont make jokes about it please) rank since she recently had gotten out of navy basic training, a female of average height and weight and with blond hair this girl has a very disciplined demeanor as her family was in the navy before her.

{{:

Rules

1. A minimum of 4 votes is required before a choice is implemented in the story

}}

First question (you may submit for this one)

What name would you like to give the unnamed female sailor that has no name as of the moment?

*004*2016-01-13 05:33

(thats two seperate name submissions but no votes. Come on guys lets get voting so we can continue on.)

Thank you darksyn for the kind words also check out my other story based off a carrier if you havent seen it yet : USS ARBITER CLASS CARRIER OPERATION TORCHLIGHT

*005*2016-01-14 03:07

(Come on people this story needs votes so that we may continue on)

*007*2016-01-14 05:19

{{:

(...okay so this is taking too long so i am just gonna select a random name from the name submissions so far and then continue the story from there)

}}

As the ship is finalizied for boarding procedure of sailors and officers the CMC looks around at all the sailors under her command for the next 6 months, most are sti in need of a little discipline which they will get on this tour. But throughout her inspection of the sailors she couldnt help but notice one female sailor in particular stood out from the rest of the SB sailors, she went over to this particular Seamen Basic and looked at her nameplate which read "Smith" on it and she asked the SB "Whats your name Sailor?" to which she got a reply of "Elsie Ma'am and might i say that i am proud to be deploying on the newest naval carrier to sail the Seven Seas." The CMC was surprised to see such a refreshing sailor in her midsts, this sailor in particular showed promise but the CMC would never admit that, especially to a low ranking sailor even if she showed promise.

As the CMC would walk away and Sailor Elsie would watch her go for but a brief moment before snapping her attention back to the front and continue to wait for orders to board which were soon given and she filed in line with her fellow enlisted sailors and marched on board like the rest and was excited to be forward deployed with the rest of the sailors although her need to relieve herself was starting to become more of an issue by the minute and she thought briefly about asking the master chief for permission to be excused but she quickly stowed that thought out of her head as she would probably get herself yelled at by her and she didnt want anything bad to happen on the first day of deployment to her.

But she also needed to take care of her need as well. She thought about her options as they marched through the endless corridors of the FORD class and finally getting onto the flight deck and were directed to the near edge of the flight deck so that they could stand at attention again for the pullout from port.

{{:

Second question

What should Seamen Elsie do about her bathroom problem (choose wisely as one wrong choice will change the way the character is perceived by the others)

A. Should Elsie risk being chewed out by the cmc and ask to be excused and relieve herself?

Or should she

B. Risk wetting her pristine white sailor uniform by continuing to hold it and show that she is just as capable as any of her fellow sailors?

}}

*010*2016-01-15 00:37

{{:

I say it depends on the uniform:

If she is wearing the skirt (http://media.washtimes.com.s3.amazonaws.com/media/image/2015/05/13/NAVY.jpg

)

She could hold or pee discretly

If she as the pants version:

She should tell her CMC that she isn't feeling well and needs to lay down because she could not do the ceremony with out incident.

}}

Whoops, meant to actually answer that one. She is wearing the pants version of the uniform

So thats one vote for choice b okay.

*012*2016-01-15 07:02

Two votes for B

*014*2016-01-15 18:23

Three votes for b

*016*2016-01-17 16:32

(next part coming soon)

