The binding of desperation, eve

Author: RyuRyan

*000*2012-09-03 11:59

(Made by the-armored-toad at deviantart.com proofread-ed by the-irish-clover of deviantart.com)

Eve had been cornered in her room by her mother. The door was locked but her mother kept banging on it with her knife in her hand. After hearing the voice that she thought was god, she had become insane and had begun trying to kill Eve over her mental insanities command.

Eve looked around until she caught something out of the glimpse of her eye, a trap door under her rug. She moved it and opened the trap door. It was small, so she knew she might be able to use it to escape her mother, but she was worried since there was no sign of ground. It was nothing but pitch darkness. Eve didn’t care as she heard the door of her room begin to break apart. She give in and she dove into the trap door as it closed behind her.

Eve groaned from falling unconscious as she woke up. She looked around and found herself fallen into the basement XL. She looked down and sighed. She was wearing nothing but a peasant dress which appeared to be made out of cloth and stitched together. Aside from her red underwear, she had nothing else on her body. She blew some of her hair out of her face. She had black hair that covered one eye. Eve had tears streaming down her face over the trauma she experienced. After getting up, she went west to see whatever she could find, maybe a way to escape as well.

Eve entered the next room and saw nothing but fire and some rocks. To her confusion, a golden framed door was there wide open. It felt inviting as the golden frame with a crown shape at the top part shined before her. She entered nervously but to her surprise found a weird glass. Examining it, it happened to be chocolate milk.

Eve didn’t hesitate in taking it and drinking the chocolate milk happily. It was the first real drink she had in a while. After she finished it she left the room, leaving the empty glass behind as she went to the north door. As she entered the room the door closed behind her. It confused her before she saw two huge spiders in the room. Eve squealed in fear as they began jumping around. One jumped at her and slammed into her, doing a half heart of damage to her. Eve accidently spat from being slammed into the ground, spitting out a big shot of chocolate milk that hit one of the big spiders, making it explode and die in the process.

Eve got a big smile on her face when she saw the dead bird appear from her getting hurt. The dead bird charged and started attacking the other spider. She spit another shot of chocolate milk at it, making it explode into a pool of blood. As the dead bird went back into her hair, Eve saw a key appear right in front of her. She picked it up and headed to the next room.

In the next room, Eve suddenly felt a growing urge to relieve her bladder from the chocolate milk she had drank. The feeling even took a little too subside. She just ignored it and continued on, thinking she could find a way out of the scary basement. As she entered the next room she saw a white bulge looking enemy. It seemed to glow red for a second while spitting out a small red spider, much to her shock and disbelief. She didn’t hesitate to spit a chocolate shot at it, killing the small spider. Then she began charging up a bigger shot, firing a big chocolate ball which hit the white bulge and destroyed it instantly.

Eve saw a second gold framed door that had a lock on it. Eve looked at the key she had gotten and put it in, unlocking it. As she entered the room she, to her confusion, found a glass of lemonade on a pedestal. She smiled, still feeling thirsty from how she had to fight. The chocolate milk was making her dry up her throat. She took the glass of lemonade and drank it happily. She was unaware that the pedestal had the words ‘lemon mishap’ carved into them. Eve put the empty glass down and left the room.

Eve felt a twinge from her bladder. She gulped, crushing her thighs together. She felt worried as she grabbed her crotch, trying to keep the flood gates from opening. She sighed, straightening up and continuing onto the next room. She saw a huge door with a skull carved at the top of it along with a weird pattern around the rest of the door. The room she had entered had rocks around with a fire blocking the way. She kicked some dirt onto the fire, putting it out. She then saw a chest in the center. Eve opened the chest and got 2 bombs and a red heart from it. Eve picked up the heart, eating it and healing her half heart she had lost.

Eve entered the bigger room. As the door locked behind her, she, to her shock, saw a weird big round monster that was filled with flies. Appropriately the Duke of Flies was its name. Eve screamed at the sight, being instantly scared of it. She felt her bladder reminding her that it needed relief now. In her fear, she let out a spurt of urine into her underwear. She gulped, hunching over and grabbing her crotch with her hands as tight as she possibly could. She felt very embarrassed now.

The Duke of Flies began coughing up flies as it began moving in a zig zag pattern slowly. It didn’t appear too scary, but it terrified eve as it began closing in on her with the flies circling around it. She gulped having to let go of herself as she ran out of the way. She lit and dropped a bomb near the monster. When she ran again, it exploded taking off nearly all of the Duke of Flies’ health. She fired a charged up chocolate milk shot which struck the Duke of Flies, making it explode and dropping some red hearts. The flies died as well in the process.

An item appeared on a rock that appeared to be a tooth with a string around it like a necklace. The words ‘Monstro’s Tooth’ was carved in it. She just felt another sharp pain shoot through her bladder. She hunched over, grabbing her crotch with her hands extremely tight. The lemonade and chocolate milk had filled her bladder and already put her on the edge of bursting. She gulped, seeing an opening that happened to lead to the next floor. She just stumbled over to it and jumped into the pit.

When Eve arrived to the next area that looked like a cave, she just gulped, hoping she could find a bathroom as she felt a longer spurt of urine go into her underwear. She just groaned in a bit of agony, feeling her warm urine dribbling down her legs. She just began to cry while she felt the flood gates begin to open as a stream of golden liquid began pouring out. A dark spot began appearing on her patchy like dress. Eve just was crying while the puddle around her kept slowly growing bigger.

Eve just let out a tearful moan which sounded like a cry at the same time. Once she finished, she sniffled and looked behind her. The back of her dress was soaked as well, along with the front of her dress past her midsection. Eve just pulled down her red panties a few inches and looked at them. They had a big dark wet spot on them. She didn’t know what to do with them, so she just threw them into a pit nearby. She embarrassedly looked down at the huge puddle around her feet. She just headed to the next room, wanting to just forget it.

*002*2012-09-03 14:37

{{: 

I like how it throws you nto the story from the beginning. The desperation with the attempt to escape lasting from start to finish is awesome. Finalizing in the anticipated wetting. Nice piece.

}}

Thank you i'm glad to hear you thought so.

*004*2012-09-03 23:12

{{: 

The game seems odd, but the story was great. Not sure why you thought it wouldn't turn out good:)

}}

I guess it was because i am not to aware with the game (aside from youtube vids i watch), though i'm glad to hear you liked it. Thank's again.

*005*2012-09-09 13:15

Already 350 views, that was fast, thank's a ton.

