Caught

Author: Klausw

*000*2013-05-19 22:32

Hello,

Please bear with me and excuse my lack of etiquette, I am new here.

This is fantasy based on a couple of events a few years ago.

I had been out drinking with a few of work friends and after an evening of gentle flirting with my female counterparts I was on my way home. I was gently drunk and about half way home I felt the persistent pain of an overfull bladder, a short time later every step was causing more pain. I am 25 and was wearing a black suit and white shirt. I was starting to regret having stayed out so long. I had been at work and a post work drink had been suggested, against my better judgement I stayed on. I was paying for that misjudgement now.

I decided to step into a dark drive way to relieve myself. There had been no traffic for the last half hour, there were no lights on in any of the houses so I felt safe. I made sure I was stood out of sight of the road and started to do what needed to be done. If I didn't pee I would wet myself so I unzipped my fly and took out my cock. I relaxed and exhaled as I let my flow start, I was mid flow and heard the sternest voice I had heard tell me to stop what I was doing. I was mortified, not only had I been caught I knew I was in the wrong, what made it worse was the fact I had been caught by a lady, (I have no issue with female authority but of all the things to be caught doing!!).

I managed to cease the flow, though the pressure built with every passing second, I would not be able to keep this up.

"What are you doing?" she shouted.

"Sorry, I just needed to pee." I replied

"You are scum and should at least know when to put it away."

I took the hint and eased it back into my shorts. I zipped my fly despite the pressure building. I was in agony but daren't admit it. I looked the officer up and down, she was a constable dressed in a uniform with skirt tights and heels. I thought it odd that a constable would be wearing heels but daren't question her authority.

"Please, I meant no harm but I have to go, please (I pleaded), If you don't let me finish I will wet myself. She smiled, stepped forward and pushed me back against the wall. My bladder was screaming for release. At this point she took another step, I could smell her perfume as she put her hands onto my shoulders. I inhaled as she sharply lifted her knee catching me square in the gonads. I took a sharp intake of breath as I crouched forward, my knees clenched inwards. I exhaled. I couldn't help it, my bladder control was gone, I was releasing the contents of my bladder into my shorts, trousers and as it run down my legs my socks and shoes.

I looked up at her, she was smiling, laughing at me. I never felt so embarrassed.

"Crouch in your disgusting puddle" she shouted. It was not as much the volume as the command in her voice. I daren't not comply, The wetness around my crotch was already feeling cold. The puddle I knelt in was felt freezing.

"How does that feel?" she asked.

I had no answer so looked down, mortified.

She stepped close to me, too close. She lifted her skirt, I saw they were not tights but hold ups, she was wearing black panties as she forced me in, she then opened her bladder, wetting all down my chest and front, soaking me and her hold ups. When she had finished she stepped back, she looked me in the eye and then turned back to her patrol car. I was left soaked in piss with a long walk home...

