Lunch at my friend's

Author: Ashlovesomo

*000*2023-06-15 16:35

(Based on a true story of mine. Bouncin Around was my first attempt and also based on this same story, but way different, so here is a more accurate, better version of the event!)

Emily and Jane were childhood best friends and could only get to see each other during the summer when Emily would visit Jane. This summer, they were casually sitting in Jane's room, eating their favourite lunch foods and talking about everything and nothing.

"So then, she completely fell flat on her face!" Jane giggled.

"All because of her crush?!"

"Yup. She found him making out with another girl, which was a sad day, but he was shitty anyway." Jane slurped some more of her large drink and laughed. Emily felt pee slosh around in her bladder, which made her uncomfortably shuffle on the spot on the floor. With much analysis, Emily could see Jane's drink catch up on her too, as her hand also began to go down to her crotch, her hips wiggling to the side.

"Ah, I kinda need to pee." Jane chuckled, awkwardly. Her eyes darting around the room, placing them anywhere but on Emily's eyes. She didn't admit her desperation, as it wasn't that bad, but her heel was resting against her enraging, desperate pee hole.

An hour went by and Emily's desperation has grown to the utmost amount. Her wriggling was over the top, her hand subtly grabbing her crotch. Tears began to fill to the brim of her eyes, her face contorted in discomfort. Jane, on the other hand, was rolling around her bed with her hands grabbing her crotch as tightly as possible. Whimpers fell from her mouth as her desperation was clearly reaching its breach.

"I'm gonna use the toilet, where is it, Jane?"

"F-first door on the right...it should be unlo- AH!" Jane's legs were brought up to her chest, kicking the air out of desperation.

"Shit, Jane, are you okay?" Emily's hand was still on her crotch, a slight bounce in her step, but her desperation could never be that bad.

"Y-yeah I'm fine. You should use the toilet." Emily nodded and left the room with her hand still in her crotch. She almost ran into the bathroom, undoing her jeans in the process. Her feet stomped with urgency and her legs wriggled around each other in an attempt to hold her pee back. Eventually, a leak left her quivering pussy, which sent Emily's hands snapping back to her vagina. Emily managed to stop the stream and checked for damage, but no visual pee came up on her jeans. After a lot of pee dancing and hip swaying, she whipped her jeans and pants down, shoving her ass on the toilet seat. Her stream started before she even properly sat down. Sweet relief. Emily fell backwards in relaxation, closing her eyes and letting out a soft moan.

It was all over, as Jane came rushing into the bathroom, doubling over and bouncing up and down.

"Oh god, Jane, I really need to pee, are you done...it really hurts." Jane started to cry and Emily felt helpless as she watched her friend uncontrollably leak into her shorts, despite every effort to keep it back. Jane's desperation was obvious, her urgent potty dance with her hands held tightly against her crotch mixed with her feet stomping on the ground very rapidly. Eventually, Jane couldn't take anymore and whipped down her shorts, pee streaming out of her labia uncontrollably. Jane sat on Emily's lap, letting out a stream of piss into the toilet bowl.

"Oh ho ho shit, I was so fuckin desperate." Jane laughed, looking back at Jane, "Sorry, Em, I was gonna piss in the sink but woulda gone on the floor otherwise."

"Y-yeah." Emily blushed as the weight of her childhood friend rested in her lap. She had seen her friend naked when they went swimming very briefly, but this was another level of hot for her. She didn't realise, but her arms wrapped around Jane's waist to support her. Regardless, it was the hottest day ever.

And Emily was never going to forget it.

(Yup, this actually happened between and a friend. She got so desperate, she straight up pissed while sitting on my lap 😂 I do have a couple other true stories but they may be a lil more NSFW, so I'd love to see if y'all want that!)

*003*2024-04-03 18:01

{{3 hours ago, DespAndHold said:

Wow if this is based on a true story then I’d love to know more about why you were both so desperate?!?

}}

I think we got so carried away with gossip and found ourselves drinking tons to the point where neither of us must've noticed it until too late 😂

It was a blast tho!

*008*2024-04-07 19:28

{{On 6/15/2023 at 6:12 PM, PracticallyPie said:

I’d love to hear those other stories!

}}

{{On 4/4/2024 at 3:24 PM, Doctor Pivetta said:

Yes please

}}

{{4 hours ago, urophile_anon said:

Definitely want to hear those other stories!

}}

I'll be writing again soon as well as posting videos! I'll definitely get one going!

