A shop of horrors

Author: Omopees

*000*2017-08-27 22:36

So I just got this idea a few days ago. sense I don't start college for another month. I have been watching a lot of tv and movie. So I was watching rick and morty the episode with the Devil .any way in the episode the devil had a shop so that inspired this story .

This is not a fanfic no cartors will be in this story

###

Chapter 1

Ashly had just moved to a small town in Oregon and a was ready for her first day of work at a local grocery store. as she arrived she saw a old look store right next to the grocery store. She wouldn't have payed much attention to it but for it being the only of store in the area. She walked in ready for the first day of work. After meeting the manager she was aside to see what was wrong with the bathroom. when she entered the only bathroom she started gagging it smelled like a pieces of shit .she spent a half hour trying to get the fix the clogged toilet she fanly gave up. Stepping out of the bathroom she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. She told her manager that they needed to call a plumber

Don't publish this plz I'm not done and I don't know how to save it

{{:

Quote

}}

*003*2017-09-04 23:46

{{On 8/30/2017 at 11:38 PM, guest said:

Ummmm... This is kind of short, I guess? It's kind of hard to pass judgement on as is, but based on the premise, it could be quite interesting. I would suggest longer chapters, though, and definitely sending it to someone for grammar checks. I hope it's not unwelcome, but below is a more grammatically correct version:

Ashley had just moved to a small town in Oregon, and was ready for her first day of work at a local grocery store. As she arrived, she saw an old looking (1) store right next to it. She wouldn't have paid much attention to it, but it was the only other store in the area. (2)

She walked into the grocery store, ready for the first day (3). After meeting the manager, she was pulled aside to see what was wrong with the bathroom (4). When she entered it, she started gagging. The whole room smelled like sh*t!

She spent half an hour trying to fix the clogged toilet, before finally giving up (5). As she stepped out of the bathroom, though, she felt a slight twinge in her bladder. She went to her manager and reported that they needed to call a plumber.

(1) I'm not sure if you meant "book," but I'm guessing it was this one.

(2) ...And? If she only noticed it because it was the only other store around, why should we care about it?

(3) This sentence basically repeats the first one.

(4) This is a pretty unlikely job for the first day- why her, and who reported the bathroom? Maybe expand here.

(5) Would she have really tried to unclog a toilet for a half hour before realizing that a plumber was needed? And why was she okay with just giving up? Additionally, if a toilet is clogged, it generally doesn't need a plumber. If it was broken, then it would, and would probably suit your story better.

Misc. Suggestions:

- Expand on Ashley. Why did she move to this town? Who is she?

- Make the story take longer- this feels like it took less than five minutes (minus, of course, the half hour).

- Make the next one longer. This segment tells us barely anything- it's like the fifteen seconds you see of an anime before the opening.

- Send it in to myself or any of the members of the editing team.

Also, what does that last bit mean about not publishing it? If you didn't mean to post it yet, I'd suggest hiding the board, and finishing the story on some sort of word processing app before posting.

I apologise if this was harsh. I occasionally see stories that I think might have potential, and I like to help the authors realize that potential. Sorry if it was unwelcome; if it was, just tell me.

}}

Thank you but I wasn't ready for it to be published I don't know how to save it .

*006*2017-09-08 20:43

I meant a post

