True story!! baby at the door?

Author: lightman

*000*2018-05-29 17:05

I don't know if i should post this here, but it is a something I wanted to tell you all.

You all will not believe what happened to me and my friend this morning. at 3:30 AM someone opened my front door. my dog freaks out and I go to see what the hell happened, expecting it to be someone who got the wrong house or was just drunk. nope, it was a fucking baby! a 3-year-old BABY! WTF!? this was like something out of one of my stories!

The moment he saw me the baby ran away so I chased after him hoping to see a parent somewhere around. there wasn't...

The kid led me to a random apartment saying "momma". so thinking someone lived there I started knocking on the door. but got no answer. after 3-5 minutes of knocking, I can see the baby shivering as he only has a shirt and diaper but no pants.

Heck, I was only in my underwear out in the cold morning air.

Part of me was afraid to even touch the baby. I mean, what would you think if you saw an almost naked guy walking around with a baby without pants? but I had no other option so I decided to pick the kid up and take him back to my place to get him out of the cold and to call the cops.

I wrapped him in a blanket and put on a cartoon as I called the cops and got dressed. when the cops arrived I carried the baby back to the apartment while he was still wrapped in the blanket so we could hopefully find the boy's mom.

But the apartment he lead me to was empty and no one lived there...

So we went to the manager's office to see if she might recognize the boy. she didn't...

With no idea what to do, we took the boy back to my house to get out of the cold and the cops called CPS. we tried to talk to the boy to get his name but he didn't speak or tell us anything.

The cops then decide to walk around and see if there were any doors left open or if anyone was even looking for the boy.

Luckily they found some random guy who recognized the boy and was able to take the cops to the mother. apparently, this is was the first time the boy has got out and ran off...

I'm just glad I was the one to find him (or he found me?) and got the whole thing settled. but god damn that scared the shit out of me!!!

*002*2018-05-31 04:25

{{1 hour ago, YourFNF said:

Damn!! That was weird, good job handling that

}}

I know right!

