A serious fanfic (part 1)

Author: Feelitflow

*000*2020-04-03 22:08

I decided to make a comedic fanfic about characters who KNOW they are in an omorashi fanfiction. Hope you guys enjoy it.

This tale takes place in starloft, a small city in the middle of nowhere. No, seriously. It is located in a white void. For this tale (and others to come) we will be focusing on a specific group of friends that live there. But first, allow me to briefly introduce the characters.

First, there's eva, who is a coffee addict. Since coffee usually goes straight to her bladder, she usually is the one who ends up wetting herself.

Secondly, there's john. He's the voice of reason in the group, and in some cases the only one who knows what common sense is.

Lastly, there's amy, who is a fast food worker by day, and a pro gambler/part time stripper by night. Eva and amy are definitely "friends with benifits."

Now, let us begin. Our tale begins on a foggy evening, as the group discusses where to get dinner.

"Dude, i'm pretty sure the pizza place burned down yesterday"

"No kidding eva, the entire town knows."

"Jeez, sorry john. You don't have to be an ass about it.

Amy stopped the bickering by talking over them, Saying "Hey, why don't we just get some mcdonalds," which eva and john agreed to.

John parked his car and went in, and everyone ordered some food. After they were finished eating, eva got up and went to look for a bathroom. In the meantime, john and amy discussed the incredibly deep lore surrounding wii sports resort.

Soon, eva got back, visibly annoyed. "Ugh, why the hell doesn't a restaurant have a bathroom?" Eva mumbled as the three went to johns car."Because our lives are being written by a pervert" john responded, as he backed out of the driveway.

After a short drive the three arrived at their apartment. Eva ran inside, her bladder starting to get decently full. Unfortunately for her, the toilet was clogged. Eva went to the living room and sat down, letting out an irritated sigh. "I don't know if anyone here would let a stranger use their toilet," eva said, "which makes sense, but still sucks."

John turned to her. "In these situations i usually give up. If the writer wants you to have an accident, he'll make sure you do."

Amy looked at john. Everyone in the city knew what kind of person was writing them, but it was still unusual to just say it up front. John clearly didn't notice anything.

Amy got up. "Have you two ever wondered just how far the creator will go to get what he wants from us?" She said, searching for the TV remote.

John responded "i mean, toilets randomly blow up to keep people from making it."

"Christ, that's ridiculous." Amy said. Eva shifted. "Pretty sure someone saw a werewolf destroy the toilet they were gonna use."

They conversed about it for a while. After around an hour of talking and watching TV, eva's bladder was full to bursting. She was barely able to separate her legs for over a minute without some pee leaking out. John got off the couch and sat on a different seat, not wanting any pee to get on his socks when she inevitably lost control. Amy wasn't as concerned. She wasn't even wearing socks. Of course, she still didn't stay right next to her.

Eventually, eva finally couldn't hold it anymore. She started leaking, initially just a small amount, but soon pee began to flow out of her like a waterfall, soaking her pink panties and flowing down her legs. Eva barely was embarrassed though. At this point it was just an inconvenience. She went upstairs and changed, all the while complaining about how much of a creep the creator is. The end.

Hope you like part one. Seeya later.

