A car ride

Author: Doctor who fan11

*000*2012-10-16 06:25

I went on a car ride with my friend we were getting board so I decided to make things a little fun... hey guys? Yea? How about we have a pee holding contest!! Sure why not what is the prize? How about the winner decides. Let me guess that means you can't come up with one? Yep Ok so let's get started he then gave me a bottle of water before chugging one about 15 minutes and we already had about 5 I saw he was not squirming or anything I had to pee a little bit not two bad yet. whelp we might as well keep going I drink 2 more bottles until all the water started to hit me just a little bit so far but I was squirming so was he Should we stop drinking? He asked. Only if you want to.

About 20 minutes later I was squirming badly he was squirming but not as much. Looks like someone is losing!! About 10 more minutes he was squirming badly I was holding my crouch in. your still... going down. He said sounding a bit weaker. Looks...like you starting to lose. I said sounding weaker 5 more minutes passed I was holding it as tight as I could have to pee super bad. You’re going to burst sooner or later. He said not looking any better then me. as 3 minutes passed like hours I felt a drop leak out it didn’t show but I started to put my hand into my crouch as hard as I could my friend was holding himself two sweat was coming down his face my face was on fire.

I feel like I'm going to blow up!! I said almost ready to give up. Well I guess that means I'll win!!! He said even though he looked as bad as I did. I had to go a few more drops came out there was not a wet spot yet but my crouch felt wet. Arg how much longer before you blow up???! I said feeling like at any-time it was going to all come out. What do you mean me? Your going to wet!! He said though he had a small wet spot I thought I saw. a few more drops came then a few more and a few more I had a growing wet spot I then reach in tighter somehow blocking it but I new it should not be much longer before my bladder gave in. it hurts!!

I shouted feeling like my bladder was burning. Well then I thank it's time to give up. He said even though the wet spot on him was getting bigger than but not as big as mine. finely my bladder gave up first it was only a few drops then a few more and more and more and then a hissing sound could be heard from my crouch it still came out slowly but then started to come out at full blast socking my pants going all the way to my shoes. Well thank god you just lose cus I can't even make it out of this car. He then let it all out socking his pants. Still won though for being the last one to pee!!

This took me forever as I could not come up with anything until now I hope you liked it.

