Desperate to Ink: A Splatoon Omorashi Fanfiction

Author: Axis

*000*2016-03-21 10:52

“Now arriving at Inkopolis Station. Mind the gap, and have a great rest of your day.”

The artificial sounding voice on the train’s PA was the most comforting thing Oceana had heard all day. In her move to the big city she had been rocked, rattled, yelled at, delayed, and delayed again. Not only that, but her strenuous day was piling pressure onto her bladder, which she had not had an opportunity to empty since that morning. Walking off the train with the crowd, she looked around to spot the bathrooms…being cleaned. She sighed. “Of course…oh well. I’m mature now I can handle myself.”

Oceana was not human. In fact, no one around her was. In the world she lived in, humans were extinct, and had been for thousands of years. So, what was Oceana? Oceana was an Inkling. No, she wasn’t intuition or a vague understanding, she was a squid with the innate ability to morph into a humanoid. This may sound strange, but it was quite common. Inklings were everywhere: walking around, enjoying life, shopping, and engaging in turf wars. That last part isn’t as bad as it sounds, though. Turf War was one of the many sports the Inkling community had developed using their ink sacs to splatter certain arenas. It wasn’t always that way, though, they used to be real turf wars, but we don’t need to get into that right now. Oceana had moved to the big city from the countryside to participate in the city’s sports, which were the most important part of Inkling culture next to fashion and music. They were a bit like the late humans in that regard.

Oceana wracked her brain as she walked out of the station. It’s hard to think of where the next closest toilet would be when you’re right next to one. She nervously fiddled with one of the tentacles hanging from her head, a nervous habit of hers. “Calm down, Oceana…you can make it.” With that she gained a little confidence, but it was dashed when she remembered that she had to confirm the lease on her apartment in the next thirty minutes. She didn’t let herself lose hope, however. “I can just go after that. No problem!” she said to herself, stepping in to a puddle of ink before being whisked away.

Now is the time for another lesson about Inklings. The ability to transform their shape was not the only thing they had evolved since coming up onto the land. In their squid form, they can travel very quickly through ink. Usually it’s only their own, but the city develops universal ink for many uses, transportation through pipes being a primary one. As she shot up through the transparent tube, she looked out onto the city. She had seen it in travel guides and postcards, but they really didn’t do it justice.

It was a magnificent metropolitan marvel, and a monument to the Inkling species’ momentous merit. However, her awe didn’t last long as her bladder sent an especially strong signal, causing her to have to cross her tentacles. She almost considered just letting go, but that was a pretty rude thing to do. It would be like peeing in the pool if there was no chlorine to take care of it. So, she held tight, trying not to let the fact that she was surrounded by rushing liquid influence her too much.

After a torturous few minutes, she arrived near her apartment complex. She morphed and stepped out, ink dripping off of her. Half-regretting not just letting go in the transport pipe, she started walking. Once inside the building she met with the shrimp in charge of the building and sat through what was supposed to be a short meeting about the details of the lease. She wasn’t judging him by his size, he was literally a shrimp. Squids weren’t the only creatures to leave the sea. The meeting droned on forever, the guy’s words turning to mush as the entered her brain.

There was only one thing she could think about right now, and it was about to burst out of her. Oceana crossed her legs and kept nodding, praying for the prawn to shut up. Finally, he did, handing her the papers before telling her that her room was still being cleaned, asking her to please come back in an hour. Oceana almost started crying. “N-no problem sir.” she said, shaking like a leaf. She shook his hand and hurried out of the building. A spurt of pee escaped into her shorts as the door closed behind her. “You’ve got to be kidding me…is one available toilet really that much to ask??” she asked no one in particular.

Oceana was at her limit now. Her started to go a bit hazy as she half-stumbled down the sidewalk. The residential district really had nothing more than complexes, but if she took another transport pipe she would surely lose control. Not that it wasn’t already imminent. She scanned the area for people before clutching herself between the legs, blushing. “Gotta find something…somewhere…anywhere…” As she walked, every alley between the buildings looked more appetizing than the last. She could take no more.

“Please don’t let me get in trouble for this…” she said, ducking into one of them, looking around to make sure no one saw her. Once she was reasonably convinced she had privacy, her floodgates opened. Oceana gasped and pulled her shorts and panties down, squatting in the same motion as she sprayed the ground with the force only someone pushed to the very edge has. She let out a long sigh, gradually breaking into a smile as her fountain flowed. Her stream then slowed to a trickle before finally ceasing, allowing her to stand and pull her clothes back up. Oceana admired the lake she had made for a moment before sneaking back out onto the street as cautiously as she had left it.

“Alright, now that that’s out of the way, it’s time to buy a weapon.” Any Inkling can spray their ink, but only an amateur would be caught dead using their own muscles to do it. The best place in the city was Ammo Knights, conveniently located in Inkopolis Plaza, the beating heart of Inkopolis. She took the fastest pipe there, sighing a bit as she enjoyed the sensation of a recently-emptied bladder. Upon arrival she once again found herself gawking at the sights. Shops, restaurants, and tons of people, may of them athletes as evidenced by their fabulous clothing and top-tier weaponry. Oceana could hardly wait!

When she entered Ammo Knights she got a renewed sensation of awe. It was covered wall to wall in rifles, submachine guns, snipers, inkbrushes, and ink rollers. There were so many options, and each option came with so many options! She knew all it would take was a few wins to be able to afford a new one, but even with that knowledge she just couldn’t decide. After almost an hour of weighing pros and cons, she settled on a Custom E-liter 3K, a powerful sniper rifle. She lifted it off of the rack, almost falling over. It was a lot heavier than it looked! Oceana put a little more muscle into it, carrying the gun and lifting it up onto the counter. Sheldon, the store’s horseshoe crab owner, looked at the perky Inkling, grinning as she waited to purchase the weapon.

“You don’t look too fresh…what’s your level?”

Oceana looked a bit confused. “O-oh, my level? I haven’t been in any matches yet so…zero?” She said with an unsure tone.

“Zero?” He laughed a bit. “Sorry, to get a gun like this you’d need to be at level 18, minimum.”

“Oh…then what I can I get?” Oceana replied, sounding pretty disappointed.

“Hold on.” Sheldon reached behind him, putting a small plastic pistol on the counter. “This Splattershot Jr. is all you can use. But it’s free of charge!” he said with a smile. He knew how she felt, he had seen a hundred rookies before her go through the same thing. “Once you’re at level 4 I can offer you some new stuff. That goes for all the other shops around here too, so your best bet is to get some wins under your belt.”

Oceana looked a bit shocked as she looked at the pathetic little gun. Still, if it was her only option she would have to take it. She took a calming breath, thanking the crab and leaving with the gun dangling from her defeated fingers. The stores around her looked bright and colorful, sporting shoes and shirts that she would have loved to buy. She sighed and made her way back to the apartment, which now smelled like oranges from all the cleaner. After a quick yet urgent visit to the bathroom, Oceana walked into her new bedroom and flung herself onto her mattress, letting out another sigh as the sun went down and she pulled the covers over her head. Becoming an athlete was going to be harder than she thought.

