Accident Prone Jimmy (Ed Edd n Eddy)

Author: shortandsweet

*000*2013-06-06 21:17

Hello, new kid on the block here. This is a response to abbyzelda’s request for an EEnE story way back when. Pretty old request, I know, but I really wanted to do it. Keep in mind this is my first try at fanfiction so bear with me. Well, here goes!

~~

“More tea, Miss Sarah?”

“Yes please, Jimmy”

The young boy smiled as he poured some tea into the cup his best friend was holding. They were as usual, having one of their pretend tea parties with their dollies. However, today was a special one in honour of Mr. Yum Yum’s birthday. So far Sarah and Jimmy had each drank three and five cups each, respectively. Let’s just say, if the tea had been champagne Jimmy would have been more then a little tipsy.

“Mmm, divine” Jimmy said as he took a dainty sip from his own cup. However, as soon as he did so he felt a twinge in his bladder and he tightened his already crossed legs. Jimmy had forgotten to use the bathroom right before leaving his house and going to Sarah’s, and of course the fact that he was drinking his sixth cup of tea didn’t help matters. He’d felt these jolts starting roughly from his second cup of tea. Each one causing significantly more discomfort. However, Jimmy felt like it might be impolite to leave during the middle of there tea party so he ignored the urge and didn’t say a word.

After a little while, Sarah decided to wrap up their tea party, and so they put all the dollies away and headed downstairs to paint and draw some pictures. Going down the stairs was not a pleasant experience for poor Jimmy; each step causing the urine in his bladder to slosh around like a washing machine, and his tight fitting white pants weren’t doing him any favors either.

He sucked in air through his teeth as he finally reached the bottom step. Then, he saw it, Right in the corner by the kitchen. The bathroom door. He was beyond delighted. However, as he saw Sarah heading into the living room carrying all the art supplies, he realized he was too embarrassed to admit that he had to go. He didn’t know why. Jimmy had used the bathroom there plenty of times before. But now that it was pretty close to urgent, there was something different about it. He tugged on the bottom of Sarah’s shirt, and when she turned around, timidly pointed towards the closed bathroom door.

“Um, I have to…” He trailed off, looking at the ground and turning slightly pink. It took a few seconds for Sarah to understand what he meant.

“You have to go to the bathroom?” She asked. He nodded quickly, still not making eye contact. “All right, go ahead, Jimmy. I’ll wait for you in the living room” She started walking away. Relieved but embarrassed, Jimmy quickly grabbed the knob of the door…but was shocked when it didn’t turn.

“What the-” He tried it a couple of times, but to no avail. He crossed his legs tightly. “Sarah!”

He walked uncomfortably to the living room, sliding his hand in between his legs a couple of times. Sarah had set up the canvases and the watercolour paints, as well as crayons and white sheets of paper splayed on the ground.

She looked up from her purple butterfly. “What is it, Jimmy?”

“T-the door, it won’t open, I-I tried turning the knob…I think it’s locked!” Jimmy was sweating in agitation. The false hope of seeing the bathroom door had severely weakened his bladder muscles, and now he was desperately in need of a toilet.

Sarah looked confused for a second, but then remembered. “Oh yeah! My dad said something about having to fix the faucet. He locked the bathroom when he left to go to work this morning, something about it being unsafe and off limits. You can use my stupid brother’s bathroom, but I doubt you want to go in there” Sarah frowned, obviously disgusted by the repugnant state of Ed’s basement dwelling.

Jimmy shook his head. “It’s all right, I can hold it” He said, although he wasn’t too sure.

Sarah flashed a wide smile. “Great! I’ll go get us some juice, then. And maybe some of those fudge things we love so much…” She trailed off as she wandered into the kitchen.

As soon as she was out of sight, Jimmy crossed one of his legs over the other. Then when that did little to relieve his pain he jammed a hand into his crotch; sighing softly at the temporary solace this provided. He thought briefly about taking advantage of Sarah’s absence and running off to use the bathroom at his house. He could figure out some excuse later, but right now getting to relieve his aching bladder was the most important step! He glanced several times at the entrance door, wondering if he should really do it. Just split like that. But something kept him screwed firmly to the spot. After deciding that he would never have the guts to run away, he at least tried to savour the moment of temporary relief before Sarah returned.

“Here are the snacks!”

Jimmy immediately re-positioned himself when he heard Sarah’s voice floating into the living room. He lay down on the carpet; already starting to regret not bursting out of the house when he’d had the chance. Sarah set down a juice box next to Jimmy’s horizontal body as she wandered back to her own picture. The blonde boy began to sweat just from looking at the juice box. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold on; his small bladder was about as frail and weak as he was. His hand trembling, he slowly brought the straw to his lips and took a long painful sip.

“Y-yum” He stammered, forcing a smile. He shifted his weight around on the carpet. Now the urge was becoming more and more great and less and less optional. Sarah hummed to herself as she worked on her painting. Jimmy tried to concentrate on his own drawing as well, but his impatient bladder kept giving him a hard time.

“Holy mackerel, I’ve never had to go this bad!” He thought, almost about to cry.

He fiddled anxiously with his retainer, he tried with all his might to coach his bladder to stay strong. But it was difficult; since his current position pressed his stomach hard against the floor. Eventually Sarah noticed how much Jimmy was squirming and became a little concerned.

“Hey Jimmy, are you okay?” She asked. “Your wriggling around a lot”

Normally Jimmy didn’t mind when Sarah looked out for him, it was one of the reasons he really cherished there friendship. But this time he could only be reminded of his embarrassing situation.

“Um, it’s just this carpet. It’s really itchy. I think it’s giving me a rash” Jimmy lied, hoping this lie could convince Sarah.

“Oh! Well why didn’t you say so? Come on then, let’s go play outside. These paintings need time to dry anyways” She put down her paintbrush and started to walk towards the door.

“Coming, Sarah!” Jimmy said, getting up as carefully as he could. He could not be more relieved. Now they would go outside and Jimmy could pretend his mother was calling him and be able to go home.

Sarah and Jimmy stepped out into the cul-de-sac. It was a wonderful sunny day, so all the kids were doing something outside. The Eds were-yet again-working on some new scam, Jonny was running around with Plank, Kevin and Rolf were shooting hoops while Nazz cheered them on by the side. Jimmy chewed his lip; he’d been hoping he could be able to sneak a few grabs while walking behind Sarah, but now it would be nearly impossible with the rest of their friends right there. Sarah grabbed Jimmy’s hand.

“Come on, Jimmy, let’s go play hopscotch!” She started to run over to the opposite sidewalk, Jimmy stumbling behind. He automatically brought a hand between his legs. The running really wasn’t helping with his struggle. He knew it wouldn’t be long before his body reached its quantity limit and then his clothes would have to pay the price.

He swallowed as he watched Sarah skipping in between the chalk lines, not at all looking forward to his own turn. He pressed his knees together, trying to somehow ignore the massive pain raiding his body.

“Your turn Jimmy!”

He looked at Sarah’s expectant smile, hesitating for a moment about weather this was really a good idea. He glanced all the way to his house, wishing he were inside right now in his cozy, familiar bathroom. Going against his better judgement he halfhartedly skipped towards the end of the hopscotch track, biting down hard on his lip as he felt the water inside him jostling around more in his belly. Suddenly, as he completed his third jump, Jimmy felt drops of yellow liquid staining his rainbow patterned underwear.

He stiffened his entire body, luckily managing to prevent any more from escaping. However, he took that as a warning and his cue to leave. Finally working up the courage Jimmy started to come up with an excuse:

“Um, I just remembered. My mom said I had to do some chores, so I should probably get going-”

Suddenly, Jimmy was interrupted by a loud whistle. This caught everyone’s attention, and instantly, the entire cul-de-sac-including a dismayed Jimmy-turned there heads towards the source of the sound, which in this case was Eddy standing on top of some kind of crate with a megaphone in his hand. He brought the megaphone to his lips and started to introduce there latest scam:

“Listen up suckers, I mean patrons. Bored and thirsty and looking for a new game? Then come and play Ed’s Punch-a-Mania!”

He gestured over to his front yard. Unfortunately, Ed was standing in the way and blocked everything.

“Ed, get out of the way” Eddy hissed. Edd sheepishly grabbed Ed’s arm and yanked him away to reveal a counter with a giant pitcher of punch and several cups split into three sections. Behind the counter were three stools.

“Whichever one of our lovely contestants can drink the most punch in three minutes will win a jawbreaker!” He jumped off the crate and pointed to the area by the counter, where a white spherical object was sitting on a carpet made to look fancy.

“Dude, that looks like paper mache” Nazz commented, observing closely at the “jawbreaker”

Eddy nervously tugged on his collar, then loudly cleared his throat, forcing everyone’s attention back to him. “So anyways, only twentyfive cents to play! Who’s going to be Peach Creek’s Punch Gulping Champion?”

Jimmy couldn’t believe his ears.

“No, this is bad, this is really bad!” He thought frantically. Of all the times to get scammed, and such an inconveniant one right now. He glanced desperately at Sarah, praying that she would just say “This is stupid! Let’s go, Jimmy” But to his horror, she seemed to be considering the offer, albeit skepticly.

“A drinking contest? Get real” Kevin snapped. “You dorks are crazy if you think anyone’s going to-”

“I’ll do it!” Jonny eagerly jumped at the opportunity. “Here. Hold Plank” He handed his trusted sidekick over to Kevin, who groaned.

“That’s one!” Eddy cried, eyeing the quarter in his palm.

“Can I play?” Ed asked, enthusiastically bouncing up and down.

“In your wet dreams, monobrow!”

“Rolf will partake” Said Rolf, stepping up towards the counter after paying the price. “This liquid consumption competition is traditional in Rolf’s country”

“That’s two!!”

“Would anyone else care to participate?” Edd asked weakly. “There’s one more spot available. I realize this isn’t the most health beneficial activity-”

Sarah immediately perked up at the sound of her “boyfriend’s” voice. “I’ll play, Double D!” She grinned, pulling a quarter out of her pocket. Jimmy was relieved that, although he would have to stay a little longer to support his friend, at least he wouldn’t be the one doing any more drinking. He just hoped the contest wouldn’t take too long; right now, his quivering bladder was about to collapse.

Eddy snickered and started whispering to Edd, unaware that Sarah could hear every word he was saying.

“Go figure, the Iron Lady wants to step up. I bet her sissy boyfriend is too wimpy to handle a little punch” He snickered.

Edd started to panic and sweat. “Eddy, Sarah is within close proximity!” Eddy turned to see a fuming Sarah growling at him.

“Yeah? I’ll show you who’s sissy, fathead!!!” She yelled. “If I can do it, so can Jimmy!”

“Fine! Prove it then, squirt! Let him play instead!!!”

“I WILL!!!!” Sarah grabbed Jimmy’s arm and pulled him towards the counter. “Come on, Jimmy, you can do it. Show that loser you’re not a wimp-” She was about to drag him to the spot besides Rolf, but was blocked by Eddy.

“Ah ah ah! Cash first” He said, holding out his palm.

Sarah groaned while rolling her eyes and slapped a quarter onto Eddy’s eager hand. Then she made a reluctent Jimmy take his spot behind the counter. “I’m rooting for you, Jimmy” She whispered to him before running to the place where the other kids were watching.

Jimmy, meanwhile, was devastated. He couldn’t believe he was being dragged into this. Now he was very close to the stage that he was about to lose it. “S-Sarah, wait! I can’t-” But he was unfortunately interrupted by Eddy’s loud voice.

“On your marks, get set, DRINK!”

Instantly, Rolf and Jonny started to down the cups of punch while the other kids cheered. Jimmy was sweating. He stared down at the cups, sweating and becoming even paler then he already was; the sweet drink inside the cup was almost mocking him. He knew that there was no chance he could drink all that punch and not have an accident. He was having enough trouble standing still and not crossing his legs as it is. But now Sarah was counting on him; he didn’t want to let her down. And the fact that Eddy had ridiculed him made him angry; that gave him the determination he needed to pick up the cup and gulp it down in a manner of seconds. As Kevin would say, he would show that dork!

The kids continued cheering as the contest swept on. Finally, the three minutes passed.

“TIME’S UP!!!”

The three contestants-who incidentally were also three members of the Urban Rangers-took their last drink and exhaustedly slammed down their cup.

“Jimmy wins!” Announced Ed. All the kids clapped and cheered, except for Eddy. Jonny and Rolf bowed down to Jimmy, who had drank ten cups of punch.

Jimmy was surprised, but by then he could barely think straight. He had no idea what had come over him to drink so much, and how on earth he’d managed to hold on for this long, but now his bladder was literally about to burst. He didn’t care about winning. He just had to leave, now. He could already feel his underwear growing wet again, and he knew he didn’t have a lot of time. It was then that Jimmy decided-in the midst of extreme desperation-that he was going to tell everyone he had to use the bathroom. After all, he did just drink ten cups of punch so it wasn’t like anyone would be particularly surprised. He felt barely capable of walking five metres, let alone all the way to his house since he was so full, but he’d find a way hopefully.

But before he could do anything, Eddy swaggered up to Jimmy and held out his hand.

“I’m sorry I underestimated you, twerp” He said with a smile. “I guess you really are capable of winning. Why don’t we let bygones be bygones?”

Jimmy honestly didn’t care about Eddy anymore, he just wanted to get out of there. So without even looking at him, he reached out to shake Eddy’s hand. Little did he know that Eddy was wearing his infamous electric ring, so when their hands touched Jimmy literally got the shock of his life.

“Owie!”

“Ha, what a sap!” Eddy laughed hysterically, pointing at Jimmy.

Unfortunately, that was all Jimmy was able to handle. Suddenly, he began to lose control as pee slowly began to flood into his undies. The yellow streams gushed down his pant legs and began to trickle into a puddle underneath his feet. Then, Eddy noticed the dripping noise and looked down to see the now enormous puddle surrounding Jimmy and Jimmy’s soaked trousers. He gasped, and it wasn’t long before everyone else turned towards Jimmy and could see the accident that was happening before there eyes. They all stood in shocked silence as Jimmy’s pants became almost completely a noticeable glistening silver. Finally, it was over, and for a short while everyone stood in stunned silence, until Eddy broke it:

“What a baby!”

Almost instantly, the kids erupted into a chorus of laughter, all except Nazz who seemed very concerned, Edd who was too courteous to laugh at Jimmy’s expense, and Sarah who was still in complete shock over what just happened.

Meanwhile, Jimmy could feel his vision fogging and his lip trembling. He had never felt so humiliated in his life. The taunting and teasing seemed endless.

“Oh God, it smells so bad!”

“Oh dear, how unsanitary!” Edd cried, stepping as far away from the puddle as possible.

“Plank’s right! Jimmy DOES need potty training!”

That was all Jimmy was able to take. With a swift motion, he hastily turned and ran away from the group of kids. He could still hear the mocking chants and the laughter as he exited the cul-de-sac.

~~

“What a baby! A baby…baby…baby…”

Eddy’s cruel insult echoes in Jimmy’s head as the boy rocks slowly back and forth on the park swing, tears dripping down onto his already soaked trousers. He can’t believe how he’d just made a complete fool of himself in front of everyone. He’d always been somewhat accident prone, but this gave that phrase a whole new meaning. Forget the Eds, he knows he is going to be teased for a long time to come. But that’s not even the worst part. Sarah was there. His best friend had watched as he hopelessly lost control like a little kid. He didn’t know how he could ever face her again.

Jimmy buries his head into his hands as he starts sobbing. Suddenly, he hears footsteps approaching. He wipes his face with his sleeve, but doesn’t dare to look up.

“Please don’t let it be Eddy, or Kevin” He thought.

The footsteps get closer.

“I swear, if its one of those Kankers…”

Jimmy feels a hand on his shoulder. He still doesn’t look to see who it is.

“And please, please, please don’t let it be-”

“Hey”

Jimmy looks up and sees his best friend sitting on the next swing, smiling at him. Just the mere sight of Sarah causes him to start crying all over again, his shoulders shaking as the tears poured down his cheeks.

“Its okay, Jimmy”

Jimmy is surprised that she’s there to comfort him. He would have thought she’d be disgusted, offended. Or worse, disappointed.

“They…they were laughing at me, Sarah” Jimmy chokes out, sniffling.

“Forget about them. Their idiots. But tell me, Jimmy, why didn’t you just tell me you had to go?” She asks him with a bit of irritation in her voice.

Jimmy doesn’t know how to answer that. “Because I’m an idiot, and a coward, and I don’t deserve to have you as a friend” He thought sullenly. But he instead chooses to go with something less extreme. “I…thought I could make it?” He glances at her sheepishly.

“Well, no more drinking contests or tea parties for you, mister!” Sarah teased. “Not for a while.” She then does something Jimmy would never have expected. She gets up from the swing and holds out her hand in front of Jimmy. “Let’s get you cleaned up, okay?”

Jimmy takes her hand and slowly gets up, feeling uncomfortable in his soggy trousers. As they are about to walk away, Jimmy suddenly stops. Hesitatingly, he asks “Um, Sarah? Are we…still friends?”

Sarah slowly begins to smile. “Of course, Jimmy. We’ll always be friends” Jimmy smiles back. Somehow that makes him feel a lot better. To know that despite the humiliating accident and the fact that he was going to get made fun of for who knows how long, at least he has someone on his side.

They climb over the playground fence and begin their way back to the cul-de-sac, hand in hand.

~~

Hmm, me thinks it’s too short. Anyhow, this isn’t really my best work. I was trying VERY hard to keep them in character, but I think that all fell apart by the end. Comments are appreciated!

*003*2013-06-11 05:24

Don't know why this ended up in the messing category. Oh well.

{{: 

Good stuff!

And thanks so much for taking up my request! :D

}}

{{: 

Oh my goodness, this story is just too perfect~! @//w//@ It's absolutely adorable, I really love it! =DD You kept them all in great character! Heck, I could practically hear all their voices as I read this. x3

Thanks for writing this and thank you, abbyzelda, for requesting something I never thought I wanted but somehow did. <3 ^w^

}}

Thanks for your comments, really means a lot!

*005*2013-06-11 19:14

{{: 

This was very in charictor, I hope you write more.

}}

Thanks! And I will.

