Mizuki's Dilemma

Author: p0ptartcat

*000*2011-11-30 17:28

NOTE: This fic is based off an image off the gallery. The said image is my avatar/profile pic, which can be found here http://omorashi.org/gallery/image/72-wetpanties1jpg/

Chapter 1

"Come on! 5 more minutes!"

Mizuki crossed her legs again, struggling to keep up with the book they were reading.

"Mizuki, would you like to carry on reading?" the teacher said.

"Yes sensei, um, where are we?"

"Second paragraph of page 69."

"Ok, um."

Mizuki started reading the paragraph. She was 14 years old with light brown eyes. Her long , beautiful hair matched her eye colour. She was fairly small, but not far off the average size of a 14 year old girl. She was wearing the standard Japanese school uniform with a red neckerchief.

Mizuki struggled to read the passage. Her voice was quiet and stuttering.

"Try standing up, that way you can project your voice more," the teacher said with a little smile.

Mizuki couldn't stand up, everyone would see her desperation.

"Mizuki, please stand up," the teacher exclaimed.

"I'll just have to try and hold on," Mizuki thought. She stood up and started to read, much louder and clearly. She kept bending and twisting her legs, hoping no-one could see her. She cursed herself for not going to the bathroom earlier, she knew something like this would happen.

The teacher told her to sit down once she had finished reading, but as she sat down, a small drop of pee dribbled out her urethra, fell out her panties and hit the classroom floor.

"No! I'm losing control. I can't hold on for much longer. How much time left? Two minutes, I have to hold it until then."

Her desperation was starting to overcome her. She threw her hand down to her crotch in an attempt to hold back her pee. She then checked to make sure no-one was looking at her before she shut her eyes tight, not listening to a word the teacher was saying. She didn't even listen to catch the homework, she just concentrated fully on holding back her urine.

The sound of the bell ringing was like hearing that she was getting married to the boy of her dreams. And that boy was in her classroom at the moment. His name was Koji. He had a body of an athlete and was very sporty. He blonde spiky hair and brown eyes. He was about the same size as Mizuki, but a few inches taller. They were good friends, but Mizuki never had the guts to ask him out.

Mizuki ran out of the classroom and into the corridor.

"Hey! Mizuki, come here!" A voice shouted through the hallway.

It was Cho, her best friend. She had long, dark black hair and tanned skin. She had fairly big breasts and was fairly tall for her age. Her eyes were blue and were always glistening in the sun.

"Not now Cho, I need to take care of something!"

"No, wait..."

Mizuki didn't hear anymore. She was to busy running through the corridor, hand jammed into her vagina to listen to her.

A spurt squirted into Mizuki's light pink panties. It felt warm as it ran down her legs. Mizuki's hand could feel her panties. They had a tiny wet patch on them, but she couldn't let anymore escape.

Mizuki dodged students in the hallway's, trying to find her way to the girls loo amongst all the people. Mizuki then felt a warm feeling down by her vagina.

She knew more urine was escaping.

She had to get to the loo quickly.

"Can't lose control! Not in this crowd!"

Mizuki nearly ran past the girls room.

"Yes!" She thought to herself.

"Finally, I'm here."

Her panties weren't very damp, but they had a small wet patch on them.

Mizuki quickly ducked into the bathroom, nearly releasing another spurt.

She looked at the bathroom. There were 3 stalls, nobody in any of them.

Mizuki quickly ran to the first one, until she started feeling a wet sensation in her panties.

"Aahh! I think I'm peeing!"

Mizuki started to pee into her panties.

"I can still make it! Not all my wee came out. I can still use the loo if I'm quick enough."

Mizuki ran into the stall and pulled down her skirt and panties. She sat down on the toilet, forgetting to lock the door.

Mizuki sighed in relief as she started peeing into the toilet. She stared out the wide open door, not bothered if anyone came in and saw her. However, she noticed a small puddle on the floor of the bathroom.

"Uh oh, I'll have to clean that up quickly, I don't want anyone seeing that."

When she had finished, she flushed and then pulled up her skirt and exited the stall.

"Better check the damage," she thought to herself. Mizuki dropped her skirt and looked at her panties through the mirror.

Mizuki gasped at what she saw.

The bottom part of her panties were dripping with urine. She heard the drips hit the floor. The wet patch was soft and warm when she felt it.

"I can't go around school for the rest of the day like this! Someone will notice the drips!" The panties started dripping even more. Mizuki blushed at herself in the mirror. She looked ridiculous with her skirt down and dripping panties. She didn't know what to do. A tear dribbled down her face and into the puddle of urine.

"Oh god, I've only got one option now." Mizuki pulled her panties down. She looked up in the mirror again. Her vagina was dripping a little bit. Mizuki then pulled her skirt back up.

"I'm gonna have to go the rest of the day with no panties on." She really didn't want to do this, but she would rather be seen with no panties then wet ones. She hid her panties behind a toilet and hoped nobody would see them. Mizuki took a paper towel and wiped up the puddle of urine, before dumping it in the bin.

Mizuki sighed before leaving the girls toilets.

Part 2 coming soon...

*001*2011-12-07 11:50

Part 2. No wetting, just plot.

"Come sit here Mizuki," Cho called.

"Coming," Mizuki called back. Mizuki strolled calmly over too the table in the cafeteria that Cho and her other friends were sitting at.

"We've got some juicy gossip for you Mizuki," one of her friends said with a grin.

"And I think you'll like it," another chirped.

A gust of wind blew into the cafeteria as a door opened. The wind blew up Mizuki's skirt, luckily not fluttering up so everyone could see her private areas. Her legs felt much colder than before.

"We've heard a rumour that Koji fancies you," Cho whispered.

The news caused a strange sensation to shoot through her young body. She could feel herself blush. Could it be that the boy she had liked ever since she started at secondary school had liked her too? From what she knew, Koji never told anyone who he has a crush on. In fact, he was known to have kept is crush secret for his whole time at school.

Many emotions were swirling in Mizuki's mind, some she had never experienced before.

"Wh-where did you hear this from?" Mizuki asked.

"From Yuki," the girls chorused together.

Yuki was Koji's best friend. He had short brown hair and fiery red eyes. He was also very sporty and was known to be the player of his year. Nearly every week, he would have a different girlfriend. He could never hold down a relationship for very long. His longest was about 2 weeks and his shortest was 5 minutes.

"But, Yuki would never tell one of Koji's secrets to anyone," Mizuki said, not knowing if the girls were telling the truth or not.

"Yeah, but this time he did," a girl replied.

"He told his girlfriend, who told Aki, who told us," another girl said.

Mizuki was shocked. He really must like her. Mizuki started feeling a strange emotion. It made her think of Koji even more. She started to think about him much more since then.

"Is he gonna ask me out?" Mizuki wondered. "I'll just have to wait and see."

It was lunchtime.

Mizuki needed to use the loo, so she headed over to the girls toilets, only to find someone staring at her, holding Mizuki's pink panties.

"Well, well, look what we have here."

It was Sakura.

Sakura was the sort of person who isn't really a bully, but picks on people and spreads rumours a lot. She had beach blonde hair and cyan eyes. She was always asking boys out, and always got accepted, mainly because of her big breasts and bum. That's what a lot of boys liked at her school. She was much taller than Mizuki and most other girls.

"Those aren't mine," Mizuki said confidently, even though her face was red like velvet.

"Yes they are," Sakura snapped back, staring at the still damp panties. "They have your name in them. I can spread this around the school, and I have the evidence to prove it."

"You can't do that,"

"I can, but maybe we can work something out. I want you to be my pet for the rest of your time at this school."

"What do you mean 'pet'?"

"You will do as I say for the rest of your school life."

"No, you can't make me."

"Fine then. I'll take these panties then. Maybe I should show them to Koji. He'll have something to say about this."

"Fine! What do you want?"

"Pay me."

"How much?"

"Let me think. How about, 6,069.066 yen?" (That's £50 by the way.)

"What? 6,069.066?"

"Yes, or the rumour spreads."

Mizuki was so frustrated. How was she going to get 6,069.066 yen?

"When for?"

"Next week."

"What next week? I can't do it in that time!"

"Ok then. How about 3 days?"

Mizuki wanted to hit Sakura so much, but she had to agree.

"Fine, I'll do it."

"Also, one more thing."

Mizuki thought this couldn't get any worse.

"What is it?"

"You're not allowed to go to the bathroom at the school for another 2 weeks."

"Why?"

"Because I said so, now scat!"

Mizuki sighed as she watched Sakura retreat into the stall she had found Mizuki's panties in. Sakura locked the door and sat down to pee. Mizuki left quickly. The sound of Sakura peeing made Mizuki need to go even more.

"How am I going to pay 6,069.066 yen in 3 days? Also, how am I going to go without using the bathroom for 2 weeks?"

Mizuki felt so much anger inside her body.

*005*2012-01-19 23:07

Originally, I wasn't going to continue this fanfic, but everyone's giving it praise, so I'm gonna try and finish it! I'm going to finish 'The Christmas Party' first though.

*007*2012-01-31 22:41

I'm gonna finish my 'The Christmas Party' before I carry on with this.

