Summer with Snape - Page 14

Author: SeverusSnapeFan

*326*2012-04-24 03:42

{{: 

Loved it! Thanks for the update! And, just like everyone else, I'm amazed you've kept this going so long! Then again, you seem to keep finding new situations and character traits to explore. One of my HP omos is extremely long as well (I might try to post a chapter or two to see if anyone would be interested) so I know what it's like to get wrapped up in the storyline. You've done a great job expanding the story and the characters from where they were when you first started! Congrats! :)

}}

*Cheers loudly, POST IT POST IT* Dude I would defintily read it, and so would my fellow HarrypotterFan..which ironically is her id name thingy, but I digress. Im glad that your loving my story, its great the amount of support im getting on it. At the moment, I keep getting a ton of ideas and I dont wannt stop it just yet :D

*328*2012-04-24 06:14

{{: 

If you look at the HP books, you notice that as the original author wrote, her books got longer too!

Honestly, sometimes more is better.

I don't think splitting this into two chapters would have been a good idea anyway, and I really like it as it is.

}}

Cool, thansk for that, And for reading and Im glad you liked it. :)

{{: 

Great, loved it again.

Also I must add that I find it unbelievable that you are still keeping this one up. Writing this much is simply brilliant - especially because it never gets boring.

}}

Lol thank you so much, I cant seem to stop writing it really. I love Harry and Snape. I swear it has a mind of its own sometimes,.

{{: 

I'm completely in love with this story! Seriously, I've been reading it since way before I signed up and it never stops getting better. Please keep it up as long as you can!

Actually, I was wondering: I certainly haven't read all the omo fanfics existing on the internet, but could this one be the longest ever? Can you get an award for this? :)

}}

{{: 

Brilliant! Loved it, the whole scene was amazing! I love Harry's personality in this, he's so childlike and that's what makes it cute as hell! Snape's great as well. It's great change in perspectives for him, like obviously with Harry. If that makes any sense haha. Just wanted to get my point across that I love both of their personalities, and even the little things you have them do in this story brings them out! So please keep on writing, you make amazing Harry Potter fanfictions, the best i have read! And i have read loads! :D

What have I dont to deserve such riches, omigosh thanks so much guys Im happy you like it. And Im sooo glad for the positve feedback, it really helps keep the story going. When I first started I was writing for me...but now Im writing for you guys I'm happy that you guys are loving it. :) :) :)

}}

*330*2012-04-25 07:01

*I hate dementors and it was completely depressing writing about them. I tried to make them as accurate as possible. I tried my best, and that’s all anyone can ask for. This is the strangest story I have every written, I dont mean the omo. Random scenes for the story pop up at anytime and I try to keep the timeline as accurate as possible. I just thought you guys should know that I've barely started chapter 57 but chapters 63-65 are done. I know wierd right..I digress enjoy the chapter :)

Chapter 55

2 weeks after that horrible episode of him wetting on Snape, everything was pretty much back to normal for Harry. Though he still got terribly embarrassed as he remembered himself disgracing the man, but what could he do? Harry yawned as he opened his eyes and looked at the clock, he smiled knowing exactly what today was. It was time to go back to school, and even though he had a home where he was loved, he was ready to see his friends and explore the castle again.

He wasn’t excited about how Snape had to treat him and he was worried about having to ask to use the toilet in class. What if his Professors decided that he was lying? He could already imagine the taunts they would say if he wet himself in class. He cringed before shaking his head. There was no point to think negative thoughts when you had no way of knowing if that was gonna happen or not. Throwing off his blanket he headed to the toilet to take care of his morning duties and get dressed.

At around 9:30am and after reassuring his dad that he had everything, they flooed to King’s cross with Snape in disguise. Harry frowned but there was nothing for it. It was either Snape hid who he was, or he didn’t get to see him off. Harry always wanted to know what that felt like, waving goodbye to your family. He smiled knowing unlike the other kids, his dad would be at school with him. In a way it was comforting until he thought about the things he wouldn’t get away with. After all everyone knew that Snape had ears like a bat, and could blend in with the shadows.

He shook those thoughts away as he settled into a compartment with his friends. He frowned for a moment as he realized they weren’t alone. What was Professor Lupin doing on the train too? He shrugged pushing the thought away as they told Hermione about their summers. This was the first year where he could actively contribute and to say he was thrilled was putting it lightly.

They were just in the middle of explaining the difference between the wizarding play place and the muggle theme park when the train stopped. He looked around in fear when the lights flickered off and he unconsciously hugged himself around the middle. He could hear Ron’s harsh breathing and his eyes widen as it suddenly got cold. He shivered feeling depressed and sad all of a sudden.

“What’s going on?” Harry whispered fearfully.

“I don’t know, I don’t like this though,” Ron murmured, voice trembling with fear.

“We’ll why did we stop? We can’t be there already,” Hermione mused.

“That doesn’t explain why the lights have gone off,” Harry replied quickly as his frame shook.

At that moment a thin scaly hand was opening the door and Harry found himself wanting to sob all of a sudden. His happiness became non-existent especially when he saw this hooded black creature come into their compartment. He wasn’t aware of anything and his body shook again, only this time he couldn’t tell if it was from the cold, or fear or both. He stared in the black tunnels that were its face before it was standing in front of him. His eyes closed as he suddenly heard a woman screaming.

As the monster fed on him Harry couldn’t describe the crushing emotions that he felt. He wasn’t aware of anything, not the fact that Professor Lupin had stood or nor the fact that warmth was making its way down his legs. He only closed his eyes when a bright light came out of nowhere and he collapsed on the floor unconscious.

Ron looked on in horror as Harry suddenly fell to the floor. Before he could say anything that thing whatever it was screamed, and a tremor wracked through his own body. He looked down at his mate lying on the floor and didn’t even notice the lights had come back on. Although looking at Harry, he was now aware that he had wet his trousers, but he couldn’t bring himself to speak.

“What was that thing?” Hermione whispered.

“A dementor, they guard the wizarding prison Azkaban.” Remus replied moving to pick up Harry from the floor.

“Then what were they doing here on the train. Don’t they know we’re all going to Hogwarts?” Hermione asked confusion in her tone.

“They were searching the train for Sirius Black,” Remus said with a slight grimace before conjuring up a patronus to let Severus know what happen.

“Is that the same thing that made it go away? What was it?” Hermione asked curiosity in her tone now.

“It was a patronus charm, and yes it is used to drive dementors away,” Remus said as he pulled out some chocolate from his bag. He broke it up before handing it to the shell-shocked boy on the seat and the girl who wouldn’t stop asking questions.

“Eat that its helps.” He said as he looked over Harry, he winced when he smelt the urine rather than saw the wet trousers. He knew that this could have happened to anyone though, and Harry was only 13.

“How does it help, it’s just chocolate right?” Hermione asked quietly.

“Dementors as you have surely noticed suck out all the happiness and light. Chocolate brings it all back and makes you feel better, as you will see when you eat it.” Remus explained before turning back to Harry.

He was just about to spell him clean him clean when he felt the boy shift in his arms.

“Harry, are you ok cub?” Remus asked quietly.

“Where is she? Is she ok?” Harry asked as he came too.

“Who Harry? What are you talking about?” Remus asked softly.

“The woman who was screaming, is she ok?” Harry repeated.

Remus stiffened but didn’t say anything.

“There was nobody screaming Harry,” Hermione replied as she took a bite of her treat.

“Yes there was I heard her,” he argued.

“The dementors allow you to relieve your worse memories,” Remus said calmly.

Harry’s eyes widened, before shaking his head as his eyes welled with tears; what did this mean? Did Professor Lupin mean that he heard his mother screaming? He looked down at his lap not wanting his friends to see his shiny eyes and promptly burst into tears as he saw the wet trousers. He knew they had seen, and he couldn’t make himself look up to face them.

“It was accident Harry, no one here is gonna make fun of you,” Remus said before spelling him clean and standing up.

Harry didn’t reply or look up at anyone for that matter, not even when Professor Lupin left the compartment to go check on the other students. He sniffled softly before taking the back of his hand to quickly wipe his face. He ate his piece of chocolate like he was told, and before he laid his head against the window and sighed softly. He closed his eyes and pretended to sleep until not knowing how much time had passed. His friends left him alone, until finally Ron nudged him that it was time to put on their robes.

Taking the invisible carriages to the castle Harry didn’t join into the conversation. He sighed happily as the castle came into view. Heading inside and towards the Gryffindor table he sat down and took a seat as the sorting begin. He was aware of the dark gaze that stayed on him the entire time and he wasn’t surprised in the slightest when he was told to go to Professor Dumbledore’s office after dinner. Not tasting his food Harry hurried through his meal and after getting the password from Percy (who he had found out right then that he was the Head boy) and quickly made his way to the Headmaster’s office.

“Sugar Quills,”

Harry made his way up the steps and before he could open the door he was scooped up and buried in someone’s chest. For a moment he was afraid until he could smell the potions on the clothes and he melted into the hug. He found himself crying again as his father hugged him.

Severus said nothing as he and Harry was ushered into a private room of Albus’s where they wouldn’t be disturbed by portraits. He didn’t say anything but he held his son tight as he cried in his arms. After a long while Harry’s crying turned into hiccups and Severus gently wiped his face.

“What happened on the train Harry?” Severus asked quietly.

“Professor Lupin said it was a dementor and it was doing something to me. I felt really, really bad daddy,” Harry whimpered as he remembered.

“I know Harry they suck out all the good around you,” Severus said hugging him close. He wished Harry hadn’t had that experience at all.

“I wet myself too,” Harry whispered softly.

“It was accident I’m sure; you were so frightened.” Severus said soothingly.

“Ron and Hermione saw though, what if they tell someone?” Harry asked fearfully.

“They would never do that Harry; Molly would have a fit if Ron did that. I will talk to them if you like,” Severus said quietly.

“It’s ok,” Harry replied tiredly.

“Remember Harry, now that we’re here at Hogwarts you remember how to act around me right?” Severus asked quickly.

“Mhm, I remember. You hate me now,” Harry said hurt evident in his tone.

“I don’t hate you Harry; I just have to pretend I do.” Severus said softly, wishing Harry didn’t have to go through this.

“Its ok daddy, I’m used to feeling not wanted.” Harry replied as he stretched.

“Harry I want you, do you remember what I told you about the death eaters?” Severus asked cautiously.

Harry trembled and nodded, he remembered that story all too well.

“I remember,” He replied softly.

“Then you know why we have to do this. If you ever need me, you know where our quarters are, use your invisibility cloak.” Severus replied.

“How’d you know about that?” Harry asked horrified.

“Dumbledore, not to mention I saw it when I first realized I needed to buy you clothes.” Severus replied remembering the rags he had seen in Harry’s trunk.

Harry nodded and relaxed against his father’s chest and closed his tired eyes. He felt Snape gently nudge him but he was much too comfortable.

“Stop it Dad, m’tired,” he mumbled.

“I know that’s why I’m waking you up. You have to go back to your Tower,” Severus replied.

“Wanna stay here,” Harry replied sleepily.

“Sorry child, you can’t.” Severus said before setting the sleepy child on his feet.

“No,” Harry whined as he was set down.

Severus said nothing as he led Harry back out into Albus’s office where he just happened to be talking to Minerva.

“Minerva, can you take Harry to his Tower? I don’t trust him to go alone; he’s half asleep as it is.” Severus said as he continued to nudge Harry’s shoulder to wake him up.

“Of course Severus, come along dear,” she said deciding to floo.

Severus wished him a goodnight before Harry disappeared into the green flames.

*334*2012-04-28 07:56

No warning for this one, its Potions Class where Snape 'hates' Harry. Come on this was just asking for an omo scene lol. Anyways I hope you guys like this chapter I know did.

Chapter 56

Harry was nervous as he sat down at the Gryffindor table. Though Snape had explained why he had to treat him mean in front of the Slytherins, he was still a bit scared. He couldn’t even eat as much as he usually could and instead picked at his food as he drank his juice to wake up. He looked at his schedule with dismay; he had double potions after lunch. Harry chanced a look at the head table and saw his dad scowling like usual, and he relaxed for a moment.

Giving up on breakfast he sipped at his juice as he waited for Hermione and Ron to finish.

As they headed to DADA he nudged Ron, and gestured to the loo near them wanting to pop in before class. He trusted Professor Lupin to let him go but why take the chance?

"Mione wait for us," Ron said before heading towards the loo, with Harry in tow.

He quickly took care of business, before heading out and walking to class. Morning classes passed by quickly and it was soon lunch and Harry's nerves were fried. His stomach was churning and he didn’t even attempt to eat instead drinking his ice cold juice. He allowed the sweet flavor to coat his tongue and throat and he finally relaxed. Very soon the bell rang signaling the end of lunch and they swiftly made their way to the dungeons.

As they opened the door to the potions classroom the coolness of the air and Harry's nerves alerted him to the fact that he needed to use the toilet. The fact that class was about to start and Snape rarely allowed anyone to leave was making it worse. Harry was happy to note that they could pick their partners and he automatically chose Ron, since Hermione was helping Neville. As he set up their table Ron went to go fetch the ingredients from cabinet. Harry wiggled around on his stool as the pressure in his lower tummy seemed to intensify. He frowned before taking a chance.

"Professor may I be excused?" Harry asked with his arm raised.

"Potter class has just started; and you should have gone before. That will be 5 points from Gryffindor for not making good use of your break." Severus drawled out with a forced sneer. He cursed inwardly as he noted his Slytherins laughing at his treatment of Harry but there was nothing he could do.

Harry grimaced but started reading the directions on his parchment as Ron returned with ingredients. And hour into the class and Harry was getting frantic with desperation, he didn’t even know what potion they were making and he really wanted to impress Snape again. He couldn’t even concentrate on what he was doing; having no type of clue when to put the ingredients in. He had resorted to holding himself under the table with one hand and his stomach was starting to hurt. He raised his hand again, feeling hopeless.

Please sir, m-may I step out for just one m-moment?" Harry asked as his voice trembled with his obvious desperation.

"My answer is still the same as before Potter, and that’s 10 more points from Gryffindor." Severus said though inside he was worried.

Harry was in a bad state he could tell by his son’s tone of voice. It was almost pleading, but he knew letting him go would warrant suspicion since he had never allowed it in the past. He really hoped that the boy could wait until class was over. Severus looked at Longbottom wishing that the boy hadn’t been partnered with Granger today. He could have blamed Longbottom’s mishap on Harry and sent him to his office. Then he would have allowed him to use the toilet in his office.

Harry whimpered as he gnawed on his lip in desperation. He had to go! His eyes watered as his bladder felt like it was gonna explode this was so humiliating. He laid his head on the desk one arm covering his head as he stifled a sob. He was gonna wet in class in front of everyone.

Ron wasn’t oblivious and though he knew the reason why Snape told Harry no; he couldn’t help but frown. Harry was dying for a pee. He didn’t know what do for his mate but when Harry put his head on the desk he knew he had to act fast. He grabbed an ingredient he knew would mess up the potion if added in at the wrong time and held it over their cauldron. He deliberately waited until he had caught Snape's eye and dropped it in. The potion bubbled to the top and spilled over onto the table.

"Harry watch out," Ron said, stifling a grin at Harry’s bewildered expression.

"Ron what did u do?" Harry asked horrified, hoping Snape wouldn’t come and check on them. How would the man react to their messed up potion? He squeezed himself tighter, just imagining the disappointment in the man’s eyes.

"I don’t know," Ron said quietly, where the hell was Snape? He looked around the classroom, wondering where the man was. Harry was still in a very bad way, the last thing he wanted was Harry to wet in class. He could just imagine the trauma, not to mention the Slytherins would be ruthless.The moment that thought had crossed his mind he jumped in fear as the man suddenly appeared in front of them.

"Disgraceful Mr. Weasley and Potter, detention tonight at 7," Severus said before banishing their cauldron away.

"Now who was the cause of this?" He asked darkly.

"Harry sir," Ron said staring directly in the man's eyes as he tried to communicate with him.

"Ron you know I didn’t do…," Harry started off before trailing off in horror as he looked at his lap. He had lost a spurt and his face went beet red. His eyes widened as he registered that he might just wet himself in front of everyone.

"In my office now Potter," Severus said dangerously, having seen the look. He had no doubt in his mind that Harry had leaked.

Severus was no fool, he had seen the Weasley boy dangle the root and toss it in. He knew exactly what he was doing and Severus covered up a smirk with a sneer. Who knew that he could be a sneaky as a Slytherin? He addressed the class before making his way to his office hoping Harry was ok.

The minute Harry closed the door to Snape’s office he was no longer in control of his actions. He was holding himself as tight as he could all the while he was jumping up and down. He moaned quietly as he suddenly bent over at the waist the tears filling his eyes again. He sniffled loudly and looked up when the door opened.

"Oh Harry," Severus said sighing softly before closing the door behind him.

"Da...I mean Professor Snape can I please be excused now?" Harry choked out, as he felt his boxers get wetter.

"Of course you can child," Severus said quickly walking to the door behind his desk. He opened it and turned around to find Harry hobbling towards the door leading out his office.

"Where are you going child?" Severus asked in confusion.

"The toilet like you said," Harry said grimacing, did he hear wrong?

"No Harry, you can use my loo, its right here." Severus said quietly.

Harry nodded and tried to walk towards his teacher moaning as he took baby steps. He froze in the middle of the office and whimpered as his bladder jerked almost uncontrollably.

"Help me daddy," Harry said through his tears, not knowing what else to do. He bit his lip, unsure if he would get in trouble for not calling him Professor Snape, but he just had to go so bad.

"Just hold on Harry," Severus said already walking towards him.

"I'm trying, it’s starting to come out," Harry whimpered softly.

"I know but you can do it," Severus said gently lifting him up and quickly carrying him to the toilet.

Setting Harry on the floor he quickly removed his robes and buckles. He winced when he felt how wet Harry's boxers were; but turned him towards the bowl.

"Relax Harry, you can go now." Severus said softly.

Harry’s liquid hit the bowl forcefully as he peed, and he sighed loudly in relief. His stomach was feeling a bit sore and he rubbed it with his other hand unconsciously.

"Why didn’t you go before class?" Severus asked, frowning when he saw Harry rubbing his tummy.

"I forgot," Harry said sniffling; he didn’t wanna go back to class.

"Try to remember next time, and don’t forget to thank Mr. Weasley." Severus said reminding himself he still needed to award points.

"I won’t, I promise." Harry said as he finished up. He cringed at he slid up his wet boxers, and sniffled dejectedly.

"I got it Harry, it was an accident. Don’t let this bother you." Severus reassured him before throwing a drying and cleansing charm at him.

"Thanks," Harry said softly, as he wiped his face.

"Does your stomach hurt?" Severus asked quietly.

"Yes," Harry replied shamefully.

"It’s from holding it too long as you know. It may be a bit sensitive for a few hours." Severus warned.

"Ok, do I have to go back out there?" Harry asked softly.

"Yes you do Harry, class will be over in a bit." Severus said apologetically.

“I don’t want to go,” Harry whimpered turning his gaze to the floor.

“I know you don’t child, but like I said before there are going to be a lot of things you don’t want to do. You just have to suck it up and deal with it,” Severus said.

"Alright, guess I'll see you in detention then," Harry said frowning at the injustice but saying nothing else.

"It’s not a real detention Harry, you and Mr. Weasely will make up your potion," Severus said before hugging him briefly and walking back to the classroom.

Harry made sure his face was cleaned up before walking back into the classroom. He kept his head down feeling the stares on him as he took his seat. He was very quiet the remainder of class, keeping to himself. When class ended he grabbed his bag and rushed out the classroom, his nerves were shot and he didn’t want to break down in front of everyone.

He ran to his dorm room and got dressed in his sleep clothes having no plans of leaving his bed that night. He got onto his bed and closed his curtains, and cried himself to sleep, hoping that tomorrow would be better. The fact that he slept through dinner and his ‘detention’ never crossed his mind, and he didn’t know that he had a worried father on his hands.

Severus was worried when 7:00pm rolled around and Weasely showed up to detention by himself. As the boy took a seat in the chair he quickly flooed Minerva to check on Harry, and he sighed in relief when she told him he was asleep on his bed. His relief turned back into worry when she told him it looked like he had cried himself to sleep, and Severus promised her he would talk to him about it. As he finished the call he turned towards Ron who was looking more defiant than usual.

“Do you know why you are here Mr. Weaseley?” Severus asked tiredly.

“To either scrub cauldrons or remake the potion,” Ron answered simply.

“What makes you think that you’re going to redo the potion?” Severus asked quietly.

“Because I saved Harry from an embarrassing accident when you couldn’t; we both know it was at the expense of the potion.” Ron replied smoothly.

“Harry isn’t here; he’s sleeping, so this detention has been postponed until tomorrow.” Severus said.

Ron nodded before making his way to the door, knowing a dismissal when he heard one. He stopped shell-shocked when he heard Snape speak once more.

“One other thing before you go, Mr. Weaseley. 30 points to Gryffindor for using your head, and thinking like a snake.” Severus said quietly before he returned to his grading.

Ron grinned brightly, as he closed the door behind him. He headed back to the Gryffindor tower; he couldn’t wait to tell Harry.

*340*2012-04-30 04:01

{{: 

Great chapter again. I like the fact that they're back at Hogwarts!

}}

{{: 

Aww poor Harry, though I cannot wait to see what you have planned for them at Hogwarts :)

}}

{{: 

Great Update, and I love that they're back at Hogwarts. I melt whenever Snape and Harry are together--its just so sweet! Hope to read more soon :)

}}

Cool Im glad you do, Hogwarts has a way for a TON of scenes...thanks guys :) :) :)

{{: 

Hah! You are brilliant. Loved it once again.

I really had to laugh at how Ron blamed Harry for messing up that potion. Quite smart to get him out of that classroom that way.

}}

Lol yea, but I can see Ron doing something like that. Glad you enjoyed it :D

{{: 

I loved it!! :) I love Ron's actions to help Harry, it really shows just how great of friends they are!!!

}}

{{: 

Another great chapter! I was wondering how Snape was going to feel having to treat Harry badly in class, and you did a great job of making him both stern and caring. Ron was great in this chapter, and I loved Snape at the end, awarding him points for ruining the potion--just shows how his priorities have changed!

}}

{{: 

This was fantastic Sev, and you're right potions class could lead to a ton of omo scenes if Harry is prepared. I can wait until the next Chappie :)

}}

Thanks guys for reading and Im glad you like it. I swear sometimes feel like I say the same thing over when I repy to my reviews but I do mean them ALL of it. Gracies(was trying to think of another way to say thank you lol)

*342*2012-04-30 04:05

Because of boredom you guys get a new chapter lol, enjoy and all that!

Chapter 57

Harry woke up the next morning with a sigh as he rolled over in his bed. He laid there for a moment before he realized that his dorm was much too quiet. Opening the curtains he was shocked to see that all the beds were empty and his friends were gone. He chanced a look at the clock and his stomach dropped. It was 11:00am; and he had forgotten to set his alarm clock and had overslept. Why didn’t Ron wake him up? He sighed before getting out of bed, trying to figure out how he was going to keep this from Snape.

He quickly showered and got dressed and was in the process of putting on his shoes when he heard a peck against the window. He turned to see Hedwig and he hurried to let her in. He opened the letter and groaned as he read it. He had detention today for skipping class, with his head of house. He sighed, knowing it could have been a lot worse. Harry entertained himself for an hour knowing there was no point to go to class this late. He stood up when he heard the bell rang for lunch and got hurried to the Great hall. The minute he sat down he winced, feeling a burning gaze in his back.

“Harry, where did you sneak off to this morning?” Ron asked as he sat down next to him.

“Nowhere; I overslept and just got up a few minutes ago. How come you didn’t wake me?” Harry asked.

“I call your name out, but you didn’t answer we just all assumed you went to breakfast early.” Ron said frowning.

“No but I got detention for skipping. I didn’t even mean too.” Harry replied hunching his shoulders.

“What’s the matter Harry?” Ron asked softly, seeing the change of posture.

“Is Snape staring at me?” He asked, already knowing the answer.

“Glaring is more like it, he looks more angry than usual.” Ron replied grimacing when Snape subtly gestured for him to nudge Harry.

“Do you think I’m gonna be in trouble?” Harry asked as he laid his head on the table.

“Definitely, by the way Harry, Snape wants you to turn around.” Ron said quietly before picking up his fork to eat.

Harry swallowed once before casually turning his head and nearly flinched off the seat from the look he was receiving. He sighed softly and nodded, knowing Snape wanted to talk to him. Harry turned back around and smiled, never being more thankful for a detention before in his life. That meant that he wouldn’t have to talk to his dad until tomorrow, where hopefully the man wouldn’t be so angry.

The day passed by pretty quickly to Harry considering he only had his afternoon classes to attend to, and directly after dinner he was making his way to his head of house’s office. As he was walking he felt the familiar sensation in his lower stomach and figured it would be a good idea to go before detention. As he headed for the toilet he sighed already seeing a line when someone opened the door. He frowned before looking at his watch; he was supposed to be there at 7 and having wasted a lot of time joking with his friends he only had 5 minutes to get to her office.

Harry took off for her office and made it there with about 2 minutes to spare. He stood there as she lectured him about the consequences of skipping class and his eyes widen in horror when she said Snape wanted to see him after his detention.

“Won’t it be pass curfew Professor?” Harry asked the hope evident in his voice.

“Not at all Ha-Mr. Potter, you will be done with detention in about a 1 hour or so.” Minerva replied, knowing that the rest did him good even though he skipped.

“Yes m’am,” he replied nodding that he understood. An hour wasn’t that long; he was just worried about having to go. He couldn’t ask to go to the loo in detention because she would probably think he was trying to get out of doing work. He couldn’t stand being denied, so he wouldn’t ask.

“You will be sitting at a desk and you will write lines.” Minerva said pointing to the desk in a corner of her office.

“What will I write?” Harry asked as he walked over to the desk and sat down.

“It will appear on the parchment in a moment,” she replied before going back to her work.

Harry grabbed the quill and looked back at her as words started appearing at the top of his page. He sighed and got too copying his lines completely losing himself in the work. 10 minutes into writing his lines and he was occasionally shifting around in his chair but he hadn’t noticed, too focused on his work. As more minutes ticked by, Harry’s leg began to bounce before they crossed and uncrossed themselves.

He glanced up for a moment, not liking the full feeling in his bladder at all before looking over at his Professor. She seemed to be really into her work as well so he didn’t say anything. He gnawed his bottom lip as he returned to his own work. As he was on the 30th line or so his bladder suddenly jerked and he unconsciously whimpered before his free hand went to grab himself. Harry continued doing his work even as he wiggled even more in his chair, his desperation becoming painfully obvious.

Minerva looked up when she heard the small whimper and turned to look at Harry to see what’s wrong. One look she knew what was the matter, even without Severus’s warning about what to look for. She frowned, wondering why he wasn’t asking to be excused.

“Mr. Potter is there a problem?” She asked.

“No Professor there isn’t, I’m sorry for disturbing you.” Harry replied as he willed his body to still.

That motion on led to him spurting into his pants and the quill dropped from his hand as he suddenly needed both hands to hold himself.

“Harry, do you need the loo?” Minerva asked forgoing professionalism at the moment.

“Yes m’am,” Harry replied as he bent over on his desk.

“That doesn’t look comfortable at all, you may go,” She said quickly, not wanting him to wait anymore.

“I can use the toilet, now?” Harry asked in disbelief.

“Yes you can, why would you think otherwise?” Minerva asked, hoping another teacher hadn’t denied him before.

“But its detention, I’m being punished.” Harry said confusedly.

“I know, and you will come back here when you’re done,” Minnie replied, feeling sadness that Harry would think that he wasn’t allowed to go.

Harry smiled at her before he slowly got his way out his chair. Standing still for a moment as his hands stayed in his crotch he fought for control before taking tiny steps towards the door. He worried, not sure at all if he would even make it to the toilet down the hall, he wish he was in Snape’s office.

Minerva saw the hesitance in his face and posture and frowned before speaking up.

“Can you make it Harry?” She asked gently.

“I think it’s too far,” Harry whimpered miserably.

“You can use mine, come here sweetie.” Minnie replied as she stood up and opened a door near the bookshelf behind her that revealed a toilet.

Harry nodded gratefully before slowly making his way towards the toilet. It seemed like it took forever for him to make it to the doorway but he made it. He sighed in relief before wincing as he stood in front of the toilet. He heard her close the door behind him and he quickly shed his robe one hand still holding himself while he tried to undo his belt. A spasm hit his lower stomach and he moaned and doubled over both hands once again in his crotch.

Minerva had sat back down at her desk shaking her head, Severus hadn’t been kidding about Harry and the toilets. She poured herself a tea wondering why she didn’t hear the tell tale sign of water hitting water when she heard a moan. She found herself standing up and knocking on the door gently before she realized what she was doing.

“Harry; are you ok in there?” She asked in concern.

“Can you go get my dad?” Harry whimpered, wishing Snape was here.

“Why what happened? What do you need Harry?” Minerva asked thinking he had an accident. She sighed already accioing the floo powder.

“Please Professor, I just really need my dad.” He said urgently feeling like his bladder might just explode right then and there. He literally felt like he was squeezing the life out of himself. He sniffled as a spurt tried to make its way out.

Minerva tossed the powder into the fireplace while calling our Severus Snape’s office and was rewarded when he jumped a bit.

“Can I help you Minerva?” Severus asked raising an eyebrow up in question.

“Me? No not all Severus. Harry is calling for you.” She said quickly.

“Why, what’s the matter?” Severus asked already standing up, causing a few papers to fly off his desk and onto the floor.

“I think he might have had an accident,” she replied quietly.

“Where is he now?” Severus asked sighing.

“In the loo in my office,” she replied. “Are you going to step through?” She asked.

“Yes I’m coming over right now,” Severus said making sure she had moved before flooing over.

Harry was jumping up and down with his eyes squeezed shut trying to convince himself that he could hold it. He was no longer in front of the toilet that only made him have to go worse. He was whispering under his breath for Snape to come, a part of him wanted to just call his head of house to help him. But he shook that thought away quickly that would be super embarrassing, since she was a girl. He gritted his teeth as his eyes blurred feeling like he about to lose it when he heard a knock on the door.

“Harry, can I come in?” Severus asked gently.

“Yes,” Harry nearly yelled as he marched in place.

Severus opened the door and quickly closed and locked it behind him. “Did you have an accident?” He asked as he turned around to face him.

“I’m about too,” Harry cried desperately.

“Why haven’t you gone child?” Severus asked in confusion and shock.

“I can’t get the buckle off with one hand.” Harry explained quickly as he bounced.

“Why didn’t you ask Minerva to help you?” Severus asked as he walked over to Harry and bent down to undo his trousers.

“She’s a girl Dad,” Harry said like it was the most obvious thing in the world.

“I know what she is child,” Severus said chuckling as he easily undid the belt and started on the button.

“So that’s why I couldn’t ask her,” Harry said lifting one leg up to help relieve some pressure.

Severus undid the button and pulled them down before standing up and gesturing for Harry to head over to the toilet and go.

Harry nodded before attempting to walk to it, stopping suddenly when he felt himself involuntarily let go for a moment. He gasped as he squeezed himself trying to hold on. As he started to walk again he felt his bladder release itself and he stood there frozen in horror as he basically started peeing on the floor.

“Harry, child move,” Severus said wincing before pulling him by his arm and positioning him in front of the toilet.

“I’m sorry,” Harry whispered softly as his bladder loudly emptied itself into the toilet.

“It’s ok, I’ve got it.” Severus said taking his wand and cleaning the mess away before frowning at what was he hearing.

“Why did you wait so long?” He asked leaning against the sink.

“I was in detention,” Harry responded softly.

“That doesn’t mean anything,” Severus answered back.

“I thought she might think I was lying,” Harry said honestly as he finished up.

“She would never do that, Minerva can tell the difference.” Severus said.

Harry nodded before pulling his pants up and flushing. He reached around his dad to wash his hands, feeling pretty embarrassed at this point. He still had to go back out and finish his detention. He rubbed his stomach absently before smiling, happy that his dad had come. He hadn’t seen Snape at all really, since he wasn’t counting classes. He hugged him tightly around the stomach trying to commit this to memory.

“Thank you for coming,” he whispered softly.

“I will always come when you need me Harry,” Severus replied.

Severus didn’t know that those words would come back and haunt him, for the one time he wasn’t there when Harry really did need him. He hugged his son for another minute or so before they headed back out into Minerva’s office for Harry to finish his detention.

