Ed Roy's prisoner

Author: Archivekitten

*000*2013-12-01 21:40

Edward Elric…

A young boy of the age of 15. Hero of the people and a courageous young man. His story is a sad one.The story of a boy who knows pain. Far to much for someone so young.

“Here’s my medical report Roy…”

“Fullmetal, why didn’t you tell me about any of this before?”

“Sorry, I didn’t think it mattered.”

Ed sighed and sat down on the couch in Roy’s office. Roy’s expression was pensive. It was clear he was upset by what he read on the report by the way he rhythmically tapped his pen on the desk. It was a bit of a tic that Ed knew all too well.

“Nightmares huh?” Roy inquired.

Ed nodded.

“Insomnia”

Ed nodded again.

“There’s something else too isn’t there Fullmetal.”

Ed looked over at Roy for a moment. Like a frightened animal his gaze retreated as soon as their eyes met. Softly, Ed nodded again.

“It’s ok Ed.”

Ed clenched his fist and frowned sadly. “No its not I’m too old to being doing that kind of thing.”

“Edward.”

Ed jumped slightly when he heard the Colonel refer to him by his own name. He then looked up sadly at the Colonel.

“You’ve been through a lot. It’s not unreasonable to consider you might wet the bed due to it. There’s nothing wrong with that Ed. Your body can’t handle the stress you put yourself under. It literally relieves itself anyway it can.”

In all honesty Roy had to say he felt kind of bad for the boy. Ed didn’t need this on top of everything else.

“That’s just like you Colonel. You’re always so blunt about things. What am I supposed to do if the other soldiers find out? I figured you alone would be enough of a terror to deal with over this considering how much you love to harp on everything else that’s wrong with me.”

Ed sighed despondently before laying down on the couch. Slowly he began counting the tiles in the ceiling. It was something he often did to distract himself. Figuring out the actual number of tiles wasn’t really a concern because it was simple multiplication if he was taking it seriously.

“Ed”

Once again the foreign phrase fell from Roy’s lips and Edward couldn’t help but once again redirect his focus.

“I think you should start living with me for the time being. You need someone to help you and I don’t feel comfortable having Al fill that role.”

Ed snapped up from his position lying on the couch and swiftly made his way over to the Colonel’s desk.

“No way in hell.”

Roy sighed and stood from his desk chair. He then moved to the front of the desk and placed his hands over the boy’s shoulders.

“You’re my subordinate Ed and a valuable alley. I don’t want these issues to develop into something that will hurt you down the road. You’re too valuable to allow something like this to break you. I’m going to help you through this weather you like it or not. As of now it is an official order that you are to stay with me.”

Ed opened his mouth to argue however his words fell short.

“Edward, if you make any move to disobey this order you will be court marshaled. I couldn’t care less at that point what happens to you. If you don’t function properly you’re no use to me or anyone else, especially your brother.”

Edward’s heart sunk to his stomach at this. There was truly no way out he would have to stay with the Colonel…

“Yes sir.”

