Miles Prower - Dampened Skies

Author: Moki

*000*2012-05-21 00:37

(I am aiming to complete this whole thing within hopefully 5 posts at the maximum. Maybe 1 at the least. And this is supposed to be based upon the Sonic X universe. Not completely though.)

It was a bad day for the planet on this particular day. Yes, it was Eggman. Who else? He had just recently sent out a new robot, a cold machine, up into the skies. The nickname that he had given to it, was Sweeper. All it did really, was suck things up. Things? ANY THINGS.

The mechanical beast was terrifying to the sight as it should be, element of fear emitting from it like gamma rays. The design looked very similar to a rip off of Thunderbird 2 to be quite fair.

(My guess is most people will know about Thunderbirds. If not, search Thunderbird 2 on Google. Oooor just search Sonic X - Sweeper)

Anyway, it was out there, causing havoc. All of this becoming top priority. It needed to be stopped. And soon. Otherwise it would probably end up sucking up the Whitehouse, or worse, it might just suck up every last building on the planet. Besides Eggman's base, obviously... -_-

###

Who better to answer that call then Sonic The Hedgehog himself, hmm? Oh, don't forget Mr. Miles Prower also.

The two tailed fox was simply sitting at a computer desk in the Thorndyke's residence. He had been playing a few games of Team Fortress 2, obsessed with the human's ways of entertainment. There were about 5 EMPTY cans of cola stacked up on top of each other on the desk Tails sat at. He had recently finished the 5th one, and was just waiting to drink the next one. The last thought to come into his mind was going to the bathroom at this point.

The blue hedgehog however? He was just running wild, like the free blue blur he always was. The speed demon, the Fastest Thing Alive. All of those nicknames he should rightfully claim. Indeed, he was having a blast.

Tails had just gotten dominated by 5 other people in the same game, and ragequit. He quickly got up from the desk, and wandered to the living room, and sat down on the sofa calmly. "..." (Don't remember if Ella and the others know about Sonic and friends at this point, but going with it like they do)

Chris was watching a random show. Seemingly he was flicking through the channels.

Tails looked down slightly. He just remember that he had consumed about 5 cans of cola, and the sudden push in his bladder was enough to bring it to mind. "I can hold it for a little while..." He thought to himself.

The news had once again reminded the world about the crisis they were facing by interupting every single program on the face of the planet. This was the first time that Tails had seen it, and the first Chris had most likely. Knowing what Chris is like, he'd have been out screaming Sonic's name for hours to tell him. In the same place. Pretty... clever.

Anyhow, Tails' eyes widened. "..." He was seemingly shocked by the newly discovered threat-Well, new to him. There were two things on his mind now. His bladder, which was now full of urine, and the robot.

Sonic had now arrived at the house, and came in like the wind, the door opening and closing in a heartbeat. "Hey buddy, what's happeni-Ooooh." The attention of the hedgehog was now fixed on the screen. "Well bud, that means we're called to duty now! C'mon! We'll take the Tornado!"

Tails frowned, standing up. He tried to seem as enthusiastic as he could about it to ensure that suspiscion wasn't risen... "Yeah! But uh... can we wait a few minutes?"

Sonic shook his head. "No time, buddy... we've gotta hurry before we miss our chance. Come on! I'm waitiiiiing!"

Tails bit his lip. In his head he though one word. "Darn..." He stupidly continued to follow Sonic, leaving Chris to do whatever, and opened the garage. He climbed into the Tornado, tensing his muscles hard. "Mfff..." He said to himself.

The spikey blue hedgehog ensured Chris he'd be fine, blah blah blah, and then jumped into the plane, and didn't bother buckling up. Well, you know Sonic. He'd probably end up jumping out of the plane and basejumping for whatever reason he may have.

Tails started up the engine. He knew there was no turning back now. He was going to have to hold the big build up of urine back for a while... the question that kept coming into his mind was: "Am I going to make it??"

(To Be Continued... sorry about the lack of Omorashi. But I like my things to have plot in them. Next post is going to be much more in detail about the desperation.)

*002*2012-05-24 23:32

Part 2... (A quick note, Sonic and Tails are both wearing clothes. I prefer the characters with clothes. Makes Omo better.)

The Tornado went quickly down the runway, and Tails pulled up, taking into the skies. "And, we're up!" He said, still, his bladder on his mind. He knew his and Sonic's safety was on the line, so his best shot at holding it was to cross his legs over each other. He quickly used one hand to put his member in between both legs. "Mff..." He said slightly, as the pressure was numbed.

Sonic on the other hand was on the constant look out, but at the same time... enjoying the sites. Being above the clouds was different then being on the ground all day.

Tails looked to the big black robot in the distance. "Is that the sweeper?"

The blue blur gave a slight nod in comfirmation. "Yeah... that's it alright, buddy... you ready?"

The fox simply replied with. "I'm not sure."

Sonic's ear perked up slightly. "Not sure?" He said.

Tails quickly said "Right, let's go!" He made the plane do a slight dive, but it shook him a little, the pressure coming back. He gasped slightly. He didn't risk it however. Sonic was right there. "Uh... uh..." He wasn't very good under this kind of pressure. But then he quickly said "Sonic, why don't you try homing attacking it?"

The hedgehog put his thumbs up. "Sweet idea, Tails!" He jumped, and homing attacked the big robot. Several times.

Tails used this to his advantage, and clamped his hands in between his legs, getting a firm grip on himself, relieving the pressure again. The pee almost escaped that time.

The robot then started to open it's big mechanical mouth... Sonic seen this coming, and quickly grabbed ahold of the wing of the Tornado. "So much for that idea, bud!" He frowned. "Tails? What are you doing?" He asked in confusion.

Tails bit his lip. "I-I gotta go the bathroom... bad..." Sonic then facepalmed. "Could've told me before we left. Ah well.. hold it! We've gotta fight this thing!"

The big tubing came out of the mouth, and started to suck.

Tails gasped, and used both hands to direct the plane away from the sucking torrent. "...Too close..." The shock had caused his bladder to release a squirt of urine into his pants. "AAAGH!" He said in panic, quickly grabbing the end of his member to stop the flow. "Oh, come on... I can do this..."

Sonic wasn't paying attention. He was more focussed on ESCAPING FROM THE BIG MECHANICAL BEAST BEHIND THEM.

Tails quickly swirved the plane, and started shooting at the robot, using one hand.

And then ofcourse, came the sneakeast mother of all attacks. The big green container suddenly dropped, and launched at them, giving Tails no choice but to fly upwards.

The sweeper started to rocket upwards really fast, starting to leave the atmosphere. Tails tried to follow in the Tornado, but the speed started to decrease... and then... the plane stalled. "Oh no no no nonononono!!! NO!" He yelled, pulling back on the joystick.

Sonic clinged on for dear life, the ocean below. If Tails didn't pull up, they'd be finished...

Tails quickly used both hands to pull back on the joystick, and the plane barely pulled up. The shock had caused a spurt, the release of his grip had triggered a big long leak. He gasped, as his bladder relaxed, urine coming out in small leaks. He shot his hand to his crotch, and quickly applied a massive ammount of pressure to himself. He groaned.

Sonic stood up after the plane pulled up. "T-Tails... you can make it..." He looked to Tails' pants, and seen a big wet spot.

Tails nodded slightly. "I-I hope. I don't want Amy or Cream to see me wet myself..." Sonic frowned. "...Yeah... I can imagine..."

About 5 minutes later, Tails quickly landed the plane, and started to unbuckle himself from the seat. "Ugh! Come on come come on..." He kept saying to himself, near losing control.

Quickly, he climbed out of the plane, one hand in his pants, using a tight grip to prevent the urine from coming out at full force.

Sonic had walked into the living room, hoping Tails would make it. Not wanting to follow him. Well, who would?

Tails quickly got to the door, and twisted the knob. It was locked. "AaaAagh! Who's in there?!"

A faint voice replied "C-Cream. Is that you Tails?" The voice asked.

The fox cringed. "Uh... uh... y-yeah! Hurry up, please!" He tightened his grip, starting to hurt himself now... "Ow..."

The voice then said back "I-I'll try..."

Tails put both hands down there now, tightening the grip, the big ammount of pee barely held back. A big leak came out, and it covered his fingers. "Agh..."

Sonic sighed... he was watching Mock The Week. "Take your time, Tails..." He called. Un-aware of the situation.

Tails groaned, and another spurt exited the end of his member. "Mff!! Cream, hurry uuup!"

The voice then quickly said "Almost done!"

Tails hit the door lightly, and bounced up and down on the spot, the flood gates on the verge of getting non authorized clearance to open.

The toilet flushed.

Tails bit his lip as he heard that sound. The sound he'd hear after he was done... the nice long stream leaving him, and then flushing it away... he gasped at these thoughts, as he now stopped leaking. Instead, he was peeing, a big wet spot forming on the front of his pants, urine slowly trickling down his legs.

Cream came out. "Sorry I took so lon-...Tails, are you having an accident?"

Tails quickly barged past Cream, and got to the toilet, and fiddled with the zip, still peeing full blast into his pants, the warm pee filling up his pants. The feeling was actually... quite good for him. Still, he didn't want to fully pee himself. Although it was far too late in the first place.

His zip was stuck. That didn't help. "Uh! UH!" He couldn't do it himself. If someone else did it, it would be done in an instant. He was NOT going to ask Cream, and if he asked Sonic, he'd be done by the time he did.

There was a puddle of yellow liquid forming underneath Tails' feet now, as the urine had filled his shoes, and overflown. The pee dripped down from his pants, and he just gave up, and stood there sobbing slightly, peeing full on now. He couldn't stop it. And it wouldn't be worth it. Either way, there was a big warm, wet spot on the front of his pants. The puddle was still increasing in size, the pee staining Tails' white socks and gloves slightly, the fox had soaked his fur in his own urine.

Cream felt horrible for not being done as quick as she actually could have been.

Even though the experience should be plain misery... it was... weirdly enjoyable. The warmth was so powerful, and the smell so... weird. But in a good way.

Tails quickly closed the door and locked it, and sat up against the door...

(Not as good as I was hoping it to turn out, but meh. Second Omo Story I've made... hope you liked it...)

